game-hours: 237.9
review: ive bought this game for many years and think this might be my last. firstly im not keen on spending 30 a year on something that could be released as an update. the lack of competition in the manager genre has made SI very lazy, to the point where they make one or two small changes and market it as a new game. here are some of the points where my problems lie -ridiculous injurys, in my first season there was not one point where i didnt have at least six players injured -how many times in real football does a team make all its subs then a player gets injured and they finish the game with 10 men? well in FM about one in three games but amazingly never to the computer opponent -its almost impossible to generate any momentum anymore in FM, you will be playing well then suddenly lose for no reason -football has always been in the headlines for footballers astronomical wages, thank god its not like FM, youth players who have never made a first team appearance asking for 40k! agents of average players asking for 5mill in fees! -instead of improving things like the ability to see how your players have performed in training during the week to help your decisions on who to play SI add 'tunnel interviews'?!? i can imagine the meeting at SI 'so what have the fans on the forums been asking for' 'well their all desperate for more press interviews in the game, they just dont feel theres enough' as fans of the series we should treat SI like an alchoholic relative and not hand over money to them to continue their bad habits, in this case their bad habits being treating fans like cash-cows that they can just make sub-standard games for and rely on fan loyalty
game-hours: 113.0
review: I have played every iteration of the Football Manager series, long before I even used Steam and I have to say that Football Manager 2015 has some of the most glaring issues I have seen within the series. Manager customization has been inserted and is a step in the right direction, but not entirely. So, you will get to "customize" the stats of your manager. Are you more laid back or more technical? The option to customize and edit stats as such as adaptability and understand of things like attacking, defensive, etc are there. However, i don't entirely know what impact they have on the game as In my 9 hours of playing I haven't really noticed it or came across them again. I also do not know if these stats improve or worsen over time, depending on what you do - as the game does not tell you, even in the very brief tutorials. The new user interface layout is amazing and is long overdue. I actually found that I stopped playing Football Manager 2014 because of the UI. It was clunky, it was a mess and I had no idea where anything was. It was all just text and drop down menu's. Now there is a nice sidebar which provides links that take you to the most important and most used parts of the game as such as tactics, scouting, team, etc. Purchasing players is odd this year. Sometimes it is extremely easy to buy a player and others extremely difficult, for no reason - even if you are trying to purchase an already transfer listed player or a reserve player getting no games at his current club. The old "Let me pay 100m on a 48 month deal" STILL works. You can buy any player that wants to come to your club if you use this method and it totally breaks the entire game. My biggest gripe and the sole reason why I need to give a bad recommendation to this game: The AI and the match engine. The AI in Football Manager 2015 is the worst I have ever seen in the series. If you actually sit and watch the match unfold you will see some of the following: - Players running for a ball and stopping for no reason - The goalkeeper saving the ball, standing back and staring at the ball, which is touching his feet - A Player will chase the ball down the wing at full speed, slow down and allow a opposing team player to catch up and take the ball. - Opposing team player has the ball and stands still. All of your players are polite enough to let him stand still. - Outrages tackles: Ball is moving out of your box, opposing striker is running out of your box. There is no threat. Defender will slide tackle him as he is leaving the box and give away a penalty. - CB's that seem to play as strikers, leaving entire gaps in your defence. Red cards, injuries and own goals - EVERYWHERE. I have not went through a game yet where there has not been at least one own goal either by my team or the opposing team. They are everywhere. Red cards and injuries happen in abundance - I have had 10 players injured within the first month of a season even though I had average training and not too many games in quick succession. Tactics do not work as they are intended. If you sit down and take the time to read and learn how to create tactics, you will be so frustrated. The game gives you descriptions of what each position and instruction does, in depth. This is great. However, they do not work as they say. Short passing, retaining position and not punting the ball up the park? Team constantly just fires the ball all over the park with next to no short passing. Push higher up the park? Team sits deep. Because of these issues, scorelines can be ridiculous. In my first 5 games of the season there was a combined number of 30 goals between me and the other team. My first game finished 5-4 and my second was 6-3. This all leads to a very frustrating experience overall. Every year SI always say "we are improving the match engine". Where are these improvements? I have not seen any improvements, just more bugs and terrible AI. I love this series and I am a huge football fan, but I feel obliged to tell fellow consumers not to purchase this product until it vastly improves.
game-hours: 1138.7
review: I've been a huge fan of FM going way back before the big split that led to Championship Manager and Football Manager. Since I started this game, I've won the league once and the treble in another season. I'm in my fourth season. So it's not like I'm whinging because I can't win. But there is clearly something wrong with the matchday engine. The most succinct way I can put it is that it's like they've decided Brazil vs Germany from the last WC is commonplace. I'll keep 8 straight clean sheets (or something like that) then get beaten by a promoted side 6-0, or 7-5! What's more, I've noticed other games in the league finishing 8-6, and stuff like that. Since I started counting, in three seasons I've seen goalkeepers chipped from the touchline or from inside the defending half 27 TIMES!!! The game needs a lot of work. It's a winning franchise; so, all they need to do is fix it. But don't spend your money on it until they do. They have released a very dodgy product. I've never seen an FM release like it. Just makes the game seem ridiculous, even when you're winning. And that's not why people play this game, right?
game-hours: 194.2
review: There are some good things about FM 2015 which might make it interesting for someone who has never played the series before. For me, as a pretty hardcore player, I feel like I'm in a vicious circle just feeding my malcontent about the game, but cannot break my addiction. And hell, I've had many spells of FM addiction throughout the last fifteen years, but they are only truly rewarding when I feel I can make a difference with my particular style of play. And my preferred scenario is the lower league model, excessive scouting, wheeler dealer kind of approach, which is worth very little in 2015. The thing that works the least, for me, is that I don't feel I can truly play the game the way I would want to play it. My expectation is that somehow getting a few amazing players in a League 2 or Conference team should show. But whether it shows or not depends on chance, player ratings are very position dependent, with central midfielders taking the runt of bad ratings, however amazing they may seem. So I might spend hours searching for the coolest prospects I can find, fishing for work permits for my non-eu conquests, but getting phenomenal players on a mediocre squad matters very little. The general feeling is of a wooden game. Bizarre things happen which seem to defy reason. Some are buggy, like goalkeeper reactions, some are fixable via lengthy tactical tinkering, like defending corners, and others are the worst of all: monotonous. Long distance goals? Maybe on TV. A fast player outrunning a defender unless the latter fumbles it? Keep dreaming. Half competent goalkeepers seem harder to find than the proverbial needle. And then there's an aggressive randomness to how a team behaves and matches unfold. My "concede within the first ten minutes syndrome" seems unshakable. I am not saying it cannot be done, but the feeling is that it is something that needs to be fixed from the get go, rather than something that should be reasonably fine under normal conditions, like corners. And when there's a huge quality gap between your players and the opposition, it all gets hard to fathom. So why have I played hundreds of hours of this? On the one hand, the addiction. On the other, that elusive feeling when things actually do go right and you win an amzing match. But I am left frustrated because FM seems to be going nowhere, the development of the game fails to address key issues year after year. A balanced match engine. A bit of flair and a bit of the unexpected. Some character and individuality to the players. Unbiased ratings. Consistency and logic in the transfer system. Of course it's not easy and there's a lot of back and forth in trying to get it all together, but considering the heritage of this series, I cannot avoid a distinct sensation of complacency, padded with the occasional UI revamp or a couple of shiny new features. Bottom line: if you have not played this yet, maybe wait it out some more, like until SI decide to take the bull by the horns and create another classic. There are many people who enjoy working on this game and its database is a treasure trove, an inimitable advantage for anyone interested in joining the fray. The risk with taking it up is that even if you get it for free, time costs incurred are not worth the experience and chances are your passion for football will be your downfall, in spite of this.
game-hours: 372.3
review: Too realistic. My arsenal team is getting too many injuries.
game-hours: 79.7
review: I've played every single Football manager game since the split from Championship manager and every single championship manager before that and I have to say, this is the first time I've been massively disapointed in the series - It doesn't feel like FM, Its a skewed imposter. Some things around the game has improved in subtle ways - Match day stadiums looks great, the scouting is more realistic than ever but the good ends there. The matchday engine has slowly become a joke over the years, tolerable but still worsening for the past 3 editions, this one being the worst. Injuries are through the roof in this version (even after the hotfix tweaks) and its impossible to keep a players fitness up even with squad rotation. In addition to the injuries the goals are insane your team will score 100 goals a season with Anichebe as your main attacking threat but youll also concede just as many with Neuer as your 'keeper. Tactics don't seem to matter all that much, after testing it seems the main factor is your familiarity with it. If its low you'll drop easy wins without question as your defenders refuse to perform any type of tackle. In all I wouldn't recommend this game to anyone in it's current state and I really hope SI throw out some massive fixes/improvements and soon.
game-hours: 1218.2
review: Pros: Love the new layout and skin, Communication with players is better than ever Love the new options in transfer and contract negotiations Cons: Way too easy to sign top players, and the 48 month payment options are pretty broken. They should take more out of your budget for them since at the moment you can spend 100M on a 25M budget Match engine is terrible. Best way to win is by playing like Big Sam, hoof it up to the wingers and have a big man in the middle. Keepers are also terrible, constantly fumbling into the path of oncoming strikers, getting caught in posession and passing to the opponent. Defenders can't mark in the box and miss free headers constantly. I would say 3/4 of all goals come from a cross or a keeper / defender doing something shambolic. Overall: Great new features, coming at the expense of all the simple things. If they fix the match engine then this could be a very good installment. Currently: 4/10 If patched: 9/10
game-hours: 386.4
review: apparently someone who makes the match engine died because the whole ing thing is a disaster. "the most realistic football simulation game" offers REALISTIC scorelines such as 7-3, 6-2, and i've even seen an 8-8 draw. defending is non existent. goalkeepers take about 10 minuites to get up after they make a save and the whole thing is just broken. i lost 5-0 when my team had 15 shots 6 on target and they had around 5 shots 3 on target. 2 of them were own goals and the rest were rebounds from the keeper. if you call that realistic i have no idea what league you are looking at. i hate when people say "it's your tactics"; ive tried every tactic possible just to get some results and nothing works. i started about 3 saves now. i like the new layout and the game mechanics. but the match engine is godawful and unfinished to the point where i question if it's a football game. why the  is the match engine so bad when it was amazing on fm14? go back to 14 everybody where you can get realistic scorelines. tl;dr , nobody can score, nobody can defend, goalkeepers are apparently disabled. dont buy it until a patch comes out.
game-hours: 236.2
review: Won the League with Liverpool. Most unrealistic version yet. 1/10
game-hours: 526.4
review: It's another year and another Football Manager game. I will play it for countless hours again because I am addicted to this sort of game and I play FM because frankly, there is no alternative. Does this mean I will either recommend it or give it a good review? Once again, not this year. The lack of ability in SI to actually listen to the reviews of its customers is just awful. This is a company that has been excellent in the past at implementing user ideas. In the past few season such bugs as far too many injuries (they argue there are fewer than real life, blah, blah) and goal keepers who just let the ball in after catching it have been glaring issues, just to name two examples but I could go on like this for hours with things they just choose to ignore or tell us are not issues at all. The new user interface is just trash, especially the tactics screen and this does not seem to be getting addressed despite cries from the user base, once again. I don't really need to write a long list of things wrong with this game, just quickly browsing the review section here will show you what is sorely missing and what is over looked. I want to love FM again, but it looks like they are just making too much money and only listening the fan boys on their main forums to care about the user base anymore.
game-hours: 153.1
review: Ridiculous match engine which sees many matches end 4-4, 6-4, 5-5 etc. You will go 3-0 up and use containing tactics to protect your lead, only to conceed 5 second half goals and lose 3-5. I've already had 3 goals scored from attacking teams own half i.e 60/70 yard strikes. Most goals come from rebounds from the keeper or the woodwork. Its all just a bit broken. I have been playing football manager since its Amiga Championship Manager days and this has to be the worst effort yet. I usually wait for these titles to go on sale but bought this one at full price, eager to get hold of my teams (Watford) potential promotion winning squad. Never again will i pay full price for a Football Manager game. Very disappointed. I am sure future patches will address some of these issues but they never should have released an unfinished, unbalanced game
game-hours: 143.2
review: Until we get a fix for injuries, this game is unplayable. No matter what I do, all the players get injured for many months, it is impossible to play. The devs say it is low compared to real life, but its a lie, in real life we don't see so much injuries lasting for so many months so often, this is bull****. Btw, I've prepared my players with a lot of conditioning training in pre-season and everything, but it doesn't matter, they still get injured almost every game and in between one another.
game-hours: 76.4
review: Not saying this is a bad game not at all. I have played football manager since 2012 and know the game in and out. Now this is the most fun football manager. But is the most fake as in a season only having one 0-0 game where I play defence with counter attack still does make for an interesting season. Having 127 goals and 58 conceded is interesting to watch as well do not get me wrong. But this is the most unrealistic football manager they have put out. Its a joke how many goals go in and how much is just plain unrealistic. Example first game in the Prem just got Middlesbrough promoted playing against Liverpool games ends 8-6 .... 8-6 !!! How does that happen? If you want an unreal intense football manager where it is all GOALS GOALS GOALS then this is for you if you want a football manager go and play the last year and just download a MOD that updates teams for you because this is not a football manager. Pros  - A lot of goals - Never a dull game - More in-depth communication with player and staff - In match team talks - Better transfer and overall balancing - Always fun most game end with a min of 3 goals - MORE GOALS GOALS !!! GOALS FOR EVERY ONE - Being able to speak to a player who does not want to come instead of being blocked by agent gives more scope to get players out of your range Cons  - Very unrealistic - Random injurie spells (not always but can end up having 9 players out for 3 weeks after 2 games and two weeks of training) So always save and quit when this starts as when it does the injuries will not stop until you cannot field a team - No matter strategy you will score a lot and concede a lot - Could still have more depth, I still think it has got too streamlined from 2012 - Players seems to get very unhappy fast and all seem to being a stubborn as a mule unless you use the talk ( X player is having good form) no matter the form they seem to agree with you - Having a one 0-0 in a hole season and 3 strikers with more than 20 goals and top 6 goals scores in the league all having more the 30 goals kind of makes it seem very unrealistic - German league rights have gone and still no badges for most top flights teams ( MODS do fix both mind) Overall For people wanting fun 7/10 People wanting a football manager 3/10
game-hours: 37.8
review: Well this is it, the last FM game I'll ever buy for full price. It's not a bad game on it's own, but charging AAA price for this yearly database update, and on top of that shamelessly charging 4.5 euros for the ingame editor is the last straw for me. At least give the pre-order buyers a ~40% discount and a free ingame editor, because your yearly rehash is highly overpriced right now, SI/SEGA. Honestly I don't know what I was expecting out of this year's game, it has been exactly the same for what, 5-6 years now? and that's only if you count the annoying interviews and the 3D engine, take those away, and it's the same exact game I played 12 years ago. That would not necessarily be a bad thing if they didn't ask for so much money. The things the game gets wrong, as SI would put it, include (but are not limited to): The economy is screwed up still. The poor, low reputation clubs still ask that you pay more than the player's market value, yet they set your club with their real world budget and debts! They really don't give a damn, it's all about rich clubs and England as usual (because the Premier League is the only important one. Out of 100+ leagues, 100% of people play in the Premier League, right?). The 3D match engine still looks and acts janky as all hell, defenders will just stand next to the loose ball while the opposition striker is charging in at full speed. The amount of goals scored is "currently" too high to be remotely realistic. I never had a game without scoring, only 3 without conceding, I beat one team 10-3, played 15 competitive matches, scored 51, and conceded 24 goals, so 75 goals in 15 matches, if I count the 4 friendlies it gets even more ridiculous. The game still has the cheating match engine, you lose to a weaker team, you know it was set up, so you reload the game to test it, you lose again, maybe 10 reloads later you get a draw, but you won't win until you give up the 3D engine and switch to text mode, or til you... that's right folks, until you buy the ingame editor and fix the game. :) - call me a noob and I'll just delete your comment (and assassinate you when you aren't looking), I've been playing the game for 12 years, and I know my tactics and training setups. Wouldn't be fair if I didn't say anything positive about this years changes, would it now? - I like the new interface. As for the recommendation, If you own the last years game, or 2013, 2012... 2004 don't buy this game, the semi updated 3D engine has nothing good to offer, and the rest of the game is totally the same, the database update is not worth the money until the game goes 75% off. If you don't own any FM games, but would like to buy one, get it at 50% off. If you're like me and pre-ordered it, go to the steam store and look at games you could have bought instead, and cry. Or keep playing this, they're bound to patch the stupid out of it at some point, right... right? Finally, here are my scores for the game: Full price score - 5/10 - Absolutely not worth 50 of any world famous currency (except Rubles maybe). 50% off - 7/10 - If you're shaking and FIFA 15 doesn't help, you might want to give FM 15 a shot. 75% off - 8/10 - Get it and enjoy it. By the time it goes down to 75% off, the patches should soften the rough edges, you'll be getting the best version of this years game at a reasonable price.
game-hours: 38.8
review: I love the football manager series ,this game has potential but it has some serious teething issues and needs updated. The high score lines and players getting injured every game is very unrealistic and not up to usual standard. I've been playing FM since the start and was put off by the mix reviews on here but decided to try it for myself . I dont understand how people can honestly enjoy or reccommend this game in its current state? Pros- Looks good and performance is fast. New interface is good and easy to use once you get used to it. Scouting has been improved. Cons- Far too many injuries ,at least one per game leading to a selection crisis. No matter what team or league I pick. Far too many high score lines, 4-4, 6-4, 7-5 , 4-3 , even against lower league teams. Goal keepers are slow to get up after a save. Defending is poor/non existent no matter what team or tactics you deploy , I have yet to keep a clean sheet. Far too many goals from long range against you. Far too many goals conceded from crosses. One game with Everton vs New England Revelation I had 30 shots on target and scored 2 goals. They had 6 and they beat me 6-2! Its not very realistic and what I expect from a Football manager game . I can put up with the high scorelines, but the constant injuries is infuriating. No matter what team or league or the set up in training etc , even the reserves seem to pick up injuries . You shouldnt have a selection headache due to injury a few games into the season. It has potential but Im only a few hours in and these issues have put me off. I expected to be lost in the game and have 20 plus hours gameplay by now! I simply cannot reccomend this until they address the issues.
game-hours: 378.1
review: Magically manifest yourself as a footballing god then slam yourself into an unsuspecting team as their ruler and master. Force players to bend to your whim as you capture, train and then send them into battle against other teams. Spend many seasons working through the football ladder, competing for trophies and the souls of your fallen enemies, all the while waiting for a chance to stab your greedy, greedy board in the back and leap lovingly into the arms of a Mexican sugar daddy; his promises of blood money enough to sway your morals. Who needs them when you can buy Messi and Ronaldo for Shrewsbury Town? Muchas gracias amigo!
game-hours: 37.4
review: AN IMPORTANT PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCEMENT: Do NOT, I repeat do NOT, buy this ing piece of utter horse , under ANY, I repeat ANY, circumstances. The match engine is ed beyond all recognition. It WILL drive you insane thinking that the game is scripted, but it honestly is not. It is just so ineptly designed that even now, after years of releasing these games, defenders will still trap the ball, then run away from it, allowing the opposition free goals. Why is this happening? Laziness and complacency on the part of the developers. DO NOT spend your money on this ing shithouse unless you feel justified in feeding their evil empire. I found out the hard way. You have been warned.
game-hours: 513.0
review: Time for yet another FM, and instead of the usual praise to the sky; I find myself struggling for words. I played as FC Copenhagen, within a month I had 8(!) first/key team members out with injuries - and not just the common cold, mind you - no, oh no. One with a broken ankel, two with damaged tendrons, a broken foot etc. The shortest injury was 3(!!!!) months - I feel like I'm running a community hospital rather than a football club. Anyways, we recover and start winning some matches - except... We don't. For some odd reason it seems like you can dominate a match, to the point where even the opponents fans are rooting for you, and yet they still pull a comeback at the end. Draws galore. 1 shot, 1 kill, so to speak. But heck, let's review some of the positives as well... Great, realistic scouting system. Good layout. Aaaaand. Yup. I'd recommend you wait purchasing this game until another update has come out. Do it for you own sake, and for ours - the unfortunate souls that purchased this game in good faith that it would be the high standard the game usually is. Let them feel the heat, so they can fix this ASAP.
game-hours: 287.2
review: please release a game that works; you spend each year just updating - then charge us for it; stop taking our money for v. minor changes! Other games would be laughed at. a few shocking points. - gk's fly like reflexes? its insane! - no ones ever fit? - goal shy stirkers? - Refs that never give fouls, EVER! One of my players was hacked 4 times in the box in the same move. even the most free willing ref would crumble to that! not that we can see anyway because the graphic are so rubbish! - Man Utd NEVER lose? - players just standing there with the ball turning in the spot? a year and you give us this, wow?? - wing backs that run past someone (overlap) then slow down to be overtaken again by defenders!? - The whole game runs v.slow. general animation is wack for the where were at in the world. - One (more) year and you offer us graphics and animation this bad? there not even an animation for shielding the ball! Build a game on tactics, not buying a bunch of star players. AND after all these years youve STILL not sorted training out LOL, this is where teams build there style of play!! wow its good game but it very bad too!
game-hours: 141.2
review: As much as i love the franchise and the previous releases, this one just doesn't do it for me. It's a horrible game atm.. Realism; non existing. It's basically fm14 with a sidebar, more time wasted on annoying interviews and an, if you can belive it, even worse match engine (the worst one so far in any fm game imo). It has the potential to become a great game, but it needs so, so, so much work that i don't think SI will be able to pull it off before the release of FM16. I'm not going to recommend this game right now, but if there is a god then it might be worth it to check back in 2 or 3 months to see if anything has improved. Cheers..
game-hours: 299.5
review: Playing FM since 2000/2001. The series is my favourite of all time across all genres. The last 3 years however the game has been getting gradually more of an exercise in ambigious tedium than the magical gaming experience it used to be. I appreciate the people at SI need to change the game to justify the price tag, I just don't know why they insist on breaking the game to do so. I can only hope the truly awful new features (I'm looking at you tactics screen) will be patched. They won't though, way too much pride. God what I've give for the return of slide bars. I'd also love some explanation, no matter how vague, for how the 10 million different variables that can affect the outcome of a match actually work. I'm certain SI changed the way things like tempo work in game for different tactics without mentioning it or eve updating the tips bar. Poor form. Moreover, having touchline shouts, pressers, player interaction, 3 teamtalks it's too much, and it's for the most part very very boring. As for the ME just like with FM14 and 13 at release, it's broken. You would think after 2 poor ME's at release SI would have the integrity and self respect to deliver this year... I remember when SI used to release games that didn't need a single patch. I think the monopoly SI have over the genre has made them complacent, it's only natural I suppose. Do not purchase until they have fixed the game. Maybe in mid March 2 months before the season ends :D
game-hours: 401.8
review: I love football manager, but they really messed up with this version. The transfer screen is a mess and it is hard to find new players. Everything has been hiden in strange menues and wen you finally find the thing you want to do, you cant remember where you found it. The live game is like watching a game with kids! It is not uncommen to see 8-9 players in a small area and noone can hit the ball. The keeper has two settings: Catch every ball or drop everything. It is not uncommen to see your keeper jumping high and it takes forever to hit the ground again. That makes it so easy for the attackers to score. (It is not a bug its a feature)..... Dont get me started with the freekicks! if your player has a higher rating then 1 i freeking you WILL score if it is nearer then 90 meters from the goal! Oh I forgot about the "demands" from the players. I played my first season as Brndby and 8... EIGHT ing players demanden to be sold. That was devestating for the morale of the team, but come on! I cannot sell 8 players in one transfer period! At the end of every season do some different players demand to get sold, and they get angry, and so do the rest of the guys, if you do NOT let them accept an offer. Not just any offer ooooh no, but a offer from the LAST transfer period. That is just plain stupid. You cannot sell a player in a closed marked! The game sucks bigtime. It is harder then ever, so even if you plays Manchester United against Bradford, you still are up for a huge chalenge! Don't buy this game! It's a mess and not worth the money! Stay with FM14 I know I will undtil most of the bugs are fixed!
game-hours: 317.2
review: I have played every version of this game since it came out. Like any crack addict, I was compelled to buy knowing the risks. Hell, I even upgraded my PC just so I could play the game properly because the last two incarnations just wouldn't work on my battered old machine. There are always problems when it first comes out. I've found that the problems persist until a patch comes out in December/January. Now for the breakdown: Good - The user interface is so much better; There is more interaction with players; You can force moves out with a gentle discussion - a great innovation. Bad - What's going on with the tactics? I was scoring plenty of goals, but I noticed that I was conceding far too many. Maybe it was my tactical setup? So, when I went into a 3-0 lead, I decided to shore up my defence. I dropped my defenders back and even my wingers. Yet, once again, I was conceding the same sort of goals - a cross into the box and finished because my full back was somewhere else or (more usually), the goalie making a save and the rebound ALWAYS falling to their striker. The end result was 4-3. My stats showed I had the tallest team in the league and thus scored most from corners. However, I also conceded the most from corners. WTF?! I developed one tactic where I gave up trying to win away and just park a bus. Still a 5-2 thrashing. I won the league scoring over 100 goals. I conceded more than the relegated teams (70). Despite brilliant fitness coaches, I was losing to loads of last minute goals. WHY, GOD, WHY?! I love this game and always will, but to get most enjoyment, I'll wait until the patch.
game-hours: 131.6
review: Just up-graded from 2013 (i only do it every 2 years to avoid disapointment lol) and this is the buggiest version to date graphics glitches left, right and centre and very few new exiting features, plust the engine needs sorting out its even worse than the original unpatched version of 2013 and that was poor enough with at least 1 owngoal a match. As it stands with out some heavy patching from SI this game is almost unplayable! As for a recommendation all i have to say is don't buy this game yet, wait for some updates to be released.
game-hours: 274.8
review: Such a disappointment. A step back, poor game engine, stupid scorelines, too many injuries, beta same as the main game? Needs a major patch, all getting worse since fm2012. They need to get back to basics!
game-hours: 117.7
review: Played football manager since its inception in '84 on the zx spectrum, this is one of the worst in the series for multiple reasons. The devs seem to have the notion of more is constantly better whilst getting the fundamentals of the game which always stood it above the rest completely wrong. I have thousands of hours in football manager games and never been compelled to write a negative review. Although playable is not great, the series has gone downhill the last few years in my opinion.
game-hours: 446.5
review: I have 24 players on the professional team, half of them are injured it is irritating, go back to FM14 for now is better
game-hours: 486.7
review: Tl;dr - Worst game in the series, bar none. What an f'ing disgrace. Actual Review - Many game companies fall into the habit of getting caught up in the new features each iteration of their game come out with, while neglecting the problems inherent in the core game itself. We get it, its hard to sell a game to new customers if the biggest thing you can advertise is "We toyed with the balancing all year!" or "We sorted out all the issues with the code!". FM unfortunatly has fallen into just that trap. Anyone who has played the past several years of FM can tell you that while many new features have been added, they have by and large slapped onto a  foundation of code that struggled under the weight of a match engine it could not adequately support. Watching your 30 million pound striker send a suicide man's backpass to the keeper from an attacking postion, wingers shooting at impossible angles on goals, keepers booting the ball off their own players and into the goal... and so on. Any person with a shred of computer programming literacy could tell you that what SI needed to do was go back to square one. Instead, SI made the mind numbingly awful decission to slap a brand new, considerably more complicated match engine, on top of their  code, and had the gall to advertise it as a completely new product. Low and behold, you have one of the worst footy simulators to have graced this earth. It colapses under it own weight with comical regularity (Just watch your players freeze on the pitch for no reason, like someone turned the power off.). No patch is gonna be able to polish this turd. I'd suggest buying an older, more stable version if you have to have your fix, but then youd be supporting these crooks.
game-hours: 91.5
review: Update: 3-18-2015 Logged in to try the update for a while and had this experience: Spent hours refining tactics in preseason games, getting everything just right. Spent a lot of time working on training regimens to make sure the historically injury prone have slightly less intense work outs. Spent hours working my scouts to death... Got near the start of the season and had some great transfers lined up to come in. Wanyama, Tielemans, Depay, and a few other youngins. A net spend sure but after negotiating hard deals for Kaboul, Capoue, and Adebayor I was well within the transfer budget. We are go for launch! A few days after the deals were agreed but before the players came to terms, what happens? Kaboul our 4 weeks. Capoue broken for 3 months. In training. The deals are off and I have not saved for hours. I swear to god, they made injuries a problem so you have to buy the editor. I'll need to see STELLAR reviews for any future version before I pay again. What an absolute heartbreaking shame. There used to be a game here. Update: 1-24-2015 I still don't recommend this game. I DO recommend this series. Nothing else compares to FM. There isn't a single sports management simulation in all of video games that comes close to how well FM does what it idoes. If you are a new player, get FM14. It'll be cheaper, and you don't have to pay full price for FM15 to get up to date rosters. Search the community hub and google for player and team updates and how to install them. Again, if you are on the fence, GET FM14. It's super good. Original Review: I've averaged about 650-700 hours in each years FM, dating back to 2011. I'll keep this short. There are great improvements to this game, I just wish I could get to them. Every game I start, no matter the team, no matter the training, no matter the facilities, within 2 months of day one half of my first team is injured. This game is seriously broken right now. If there are not major fixes, I can consider my FM addiction cured.
game-hours: 118.3
review: I've been playing Football Manager since 2005. This is without a doubt the most frustrating and unrealistic installment purely because of a buggy game simulation. Sit and watch the 3D matches being played and you'll be impressed at some nice new animations, but the game being played infront of you will make you want to put your fist through your monitor... - Strikers miss 90% of 1 on 1 chances. - Chances that should result in a goal often dont and come around far too often than in real life. - Defenders that wander all over the place and don't tackle. - Wingers that seem content to run into defenders rather than cross/pass the ball even if a teammate is in tons of space. That just names a few. Needs a patch. A big one.
game-hours: 36.5
review: Do not buy this game!! Check my games list, you will see that I once loved FM games, not anymore and never again will I buy one. This is the type of unfinished game that Steam need to ban from being sold. Certain key components don't even work at all, a small example is that there are no penalties from handballs right now. The game fails in every way it could, the ME is a poor imitation of a crossing and set pieces simulator not a football simulator. It is worse than the last three years versions upon release and I can assure you that they all had bugs and issues, not this many or this bad. If you really need more just go to the forums and read, not many that will claim this game is anywhere near in a playable state, maybe in 7-8 months from the time I write this SI will have released a patch that makes it something like a game. Oh if that wasn't enough beware, SI and Sega are not co-operating and are in fact sending customers with issues back and forth between them. (not me, but check forum if you care) Also be aware that SI are deleting the vast majority of 'negative' posts, claiming 'it will affect the way our customers play the game.' Which is of course true, they wouldn't play it because they would know whats wrong with it.
game-hours: 721.3
review: Agree with others here, very inbalanced, no matter what i do i leak in goals like my goal is ten time sbigger than the opponents, just no fun in this game at all, score lines are out of control, just horrid on so many levels, i really do hope they fix this quick, and yes you could have a player with a 18 pace and see someone with pace of 9 catch them with no effort at all.
game-hours: 1155.9
review: After 250 hours of game play, it's time for a review of FM15. I've been playing these games for a long time (since CM96-97 since you asked), and honestly, I think this one is the best yet. There were some early problems with the match engine, and the Inverted Wing Back role is still broken (he stays wide like a normal Wing Back), but the vast majority of the most glaring issues (high scoring games, regular goalkeeping errors, etc) have been fixed in SI's patches and in good time as well. I thought the motion capture animations in the match engine would be a bit of a gimmick, but that has turned out to be a welcome addition to the game on an aesthetic level. It's by no means hyper-realistic to the point where you'd be unsure whether you're watching a match on TV or in FM, but it's a big step up from the hand drawn players of FM14. The realism (or lack of) isn't a deal breaker for me, all I want to see is a realistic simulation of a football match and in FM15, that's what we have for the most part. If you watch the matches on 'Comprehensive' highlights or higher, then you can easily see your tactical decisions playing out in front of you as the game ebbs and flows, and for that, if nothing else, FM15 is the best edition of the Football Manager series so far. Setting up a tactic is fairly simple, although not fool proof, but like any simulation, it's easy to get in to, and difficult to master. One thing I have noticed though, having spent a lot of time talking to other players and reading some of the reviews here on Steam, is that this is not a game for players who want to just pick a match day squad and have a hands-off approach to management. You will succeed at FM if you make sensible tactical choices, always be mindful of balance in your roles/duties and don't use the same approach for every match you play. Every match will play out differently. the most common complaints I've seen from others are regarding injuries and 'dominating' the game yet losing in the dying moments of the match. For injuries, I don't have these problems as I make sure my players are fully fit. Use pre-season wisely, allow your players to ease into it after coming back from holiday, then train hard and play lots of friendlies. Once the season begins, lower the intensity of training and give them all individual set ups. It takes a while, but if you do this, your players will be much less prone to injury and will develop faster as well. There will be injuries of course, but I don't have anywhere near the issues others are having, and most of my injury problems are in-game due to my aggressive high pressing style. On the domination side of things, I will say that more shots and possession does not mean dominance. Choose your battles wisely. If you're the bigger team, you can expect your opponent to sit back and hit you on the counter. Counter this yourself by playing patiently and forcing mistakes, your creative players will take care of the rest. I'm not an FM expert, but if you take these simple words of advice, then you will see for yourself how quickly things will turn around for your team. The only thing I can't comment on yet is the AI's squad development in the long term as I haven't gone far enough into the game yet. In past FM's, this has been a problem, but I can already see less instances of the AI spending millions on a player only to let him rot in their reserve team. As SI say themselves, "it'll never be perfect, it'll never be finished", so as long as you go into the game with that mindset, you'll get the most out of it. I highly rcommend this game for anyone who watches football analytically or who thinks they could do a better job than their favourite team's manager.
game-hours: 488.3
review: Waste of money, full of bugs and unchanged from previous games!
game-hours: 251.6
review: I wouldn't recommend buying this game until a few patches are released. The release version is full of bugs, especially the match engine, that makes it almost unplayable. I mean, sure, you can play it, but you just have to cringe at all the goals scored from obvious match engine bugs. At this point, 50% of goals are scored from crosses on the wing that your defenders just don't contest, 30% scored from set pieces, 10% scored on missplaced backpasses to the keeper and 10% for the rest. The defense and goalie are so terrible most matches end with 4+ goals scored. If you want to win, just make sure you have wingers who like to hug the touchline and cross the ball instead of cutting inside Should have expected it really, it is the first time I buy FM right on the release date.
game-hours: 203.2
review: Well well, where do I start.. Upon reading reviews of this game (largely negative) I was very cautious on purchasing this, but I still did as I love FM. I'll start with the positives, I like the new interface, it makes it much easier as everything is in front of you in one screen rather that lots of drop-down menus having to be opened. It also looks alot smoother and I like having world news opened up in a tab after skipping a day which means I wouldn't have to subscribe to other teams and leagues or some players. Negatives? hold your breath because this could be a long one depending on how much I want to type. I have played three competitive matches with my team Oxford United and here are the scorlines: 4-2 Burton (W), 1-5 Wolves (L), 6-3 Mansfield (L), that's 8 goals scored and 13 goals conceded in three games. Outraged enough as it is. I saw lots of people reporting situations like a large amount of injuries, the high-scoring games, players with apparent mental and physical disabilities, too many own goals.. Well, in those 3 games I had expereinced all of these things. During the match against Mansfield alone I had an injury (my 6th in total including the 2 I started with), my right back halting mid-run unchallenged then leaving an opposition player to score 1 on 1, and then two own goals just to add to my misery. Who knows I may just be getting all the rubbish out of the way early and the remainder of my entire FM15 career with be rage free (yeah sure, good luck with that son), but in my honest opinion do NOT buy this game if you are capable to rage and wait until it is cheaper/there has been a patch which sorts this out. Come on guys, wake up. This is poor. If the in-match experience is improved then this would be a good game and I will go back to my usual FM addictive binge playing until the early hours of the morning, but I will not be playing until there is this patch, whenever that is..
game-hours: 443.5
review: Its decent installment again but nothing much is new. I paid 35 bucks for this and just upgraded from the beta to the full game and I dont notice a single difference... Everything still is as shady as in the beta :( This just wont stand... It means theyve probably had this game ready for ages since the changes are just graphical mostly and want to hussle us as much as they can. Of course the engine / card / injury system is messed up on launch as usual too ffs why do I keep falling for their scummy tricks... I cant recommend anyone buying this now, get it for 15-20 bucks and after a few patches and maybe then its a decent update. (Had to choose thumbsdown until the state of the game changes, then my review might change too) edit: just got a crash dump error for the second time as well, Im done with this till they patch it, back to FM14 it is sigh :( edit #2: The only thing fixed are the crash dumps, I no longer get crashes but the match engine is still so random and terrible that I dont even want to play no more. edit 3: 20/12/2014: Almost winter and this game is still a mess, you can lose to the number 18 of the league with your best eleven and then 3 days later win against a stronger opponent with your B-squad FOR NO REASON AT ALL. SI should be ashamed of themselves.
game-hours: 150.1
review: THIS IS THE LAST TIME I WILL EVER PRE ORDER FM!!!!!!! This game is just garbage. If ur a devoted footy manager fan like me u will hate this game. i am currently managing Birmingham city i am 16 games into season and i have scored 35 goals and have a goal difference of -6 so thats 41 goals conceded, the team who are top have scored 22 goals, what a pile of junk. cottrill scored six in six all free kicks. i mean iv almost scored double the goals of most teams and conceded treble the goals of most teams. Instead of waisting your time trying to fill the game to the brim with unwanted bull**** like media and trying to replecate emotions just spend a year making a match engine that works. Im angry i have pre ordered this rushed out piece of junk and will never spend my hard earned money on this game untill i see that u get the basics right.
game-hours: 148.7
review: Oh boy... Where to start? The pros? The game is so in-depth, detailed and looks great that at first glance you feel like you are in heaven. Unfortunately, the absolutely ridiculous AI and randomness of the game ruins it for brand new players and seasoned veterans alike VERY quickly. I have played football manager games since the 1990s. I have bought every game in this Football Manager series. I have probably tens of thousands of hours of experience playing these, and have thoroughly enjoyed every FM yet. Until this fiasco. I have only played this one with two teams, Man United and Sheffield United, but the experience has been identical. The game is so damn unrealistic, that it will suck the life out of you. These are actual situations that happened in my season with Man United. A month into the season, I have lost nearly third of my team to long injuries. Some players cannot put together two games in a row before returning to the injury list. Not TOTALLY out of the question, but highly unlikely. Queens Park Rangers finished 2nd in the EPL in my first season, while Tottenham and Liverpool barely missed relegation. I finished 9th, and got fired. I kept beating the top teams repeatedly, while collapsing at home 0-5 to teams like QPR and Swansea. I lost 5-0 to a 9-man Manchester City, after winning the shots 14-5 and hitting the post/crossbar five times. Frustrating, but not impossible. But scenarios like this unfold throughout the season; the likes of Rooney and Mata cannot score regardless of opposition or their position on the field while James Wilson bangs out a 30-goal campaign, you can LITERALLY have a guy of van Persie's stature standing on the 6-yd line with an empty net and hit the post over and over again, and don't even get me started on these phantom goalies... You can be playing against a backup to the backup goalie 2 divisions below yours, and fail to score, while the opposition sinks 3 behind De Gea on three shots. I scored 2 or 3 goals from direct free kicks all season, and maybe twice from a corner. My opponents? You got it, somewhere around dozens. Now, it might sound like I'm making excuses and don't know how to manage. But as I said, I have enjoyed these types of games some 20 years, whether I win or lose. Why? Because the games have been as fair and realistic as a simulations sports game can be. Sure, there will always be that crazy 7-5 home win against some World Class team, but when it happens once every 150 games or so, that's pretty okay... There will always be that game where an underdog takes you down and leaves you extremely frustrated. But guess what, it actually happens... What doesn't happen are the scenarios I discussed above, and after some 150 hours into FM 2015, I feel like I have enough personal experience to call this game total garbage. Fortunately, FM 2013 and FM 2014 are still installed on my computer, and still offer limitless hours of fun and entertainment. Do NOT waste your money on this game, play the older installations and wait until Sports Interactive gets their crap straight. A major major disappointment.
game-hours: 171.3
review: Player asked to leave because he wasn't getting first team football. Complained when I transfer listed him. 10/10
game-hours: 114.4
review: This franchise had been in decline for a few years now. FM14 had absolutely terrible defending, and the problem still isn't gone. This is especially clear in lower leagues, where it's rare to have a game without AT LEAST 4 goals. The match engine does look and work better, in most aspects, than last year, but at the end of the day, the scorelines are still ridiculously unrealistic. The 3D engine is still extremely bad graphically, but whatever, 2D classic is the way to go, I mean it would be, if not for the unrealistic results. I haven't played a really good FM in years, and this is not one either.
game-hours: 18.1
review: it's not improving itself for 3 years.
game-hours: 641.2
review: I'm a FIFA Manager guy. However, as it has been discontinued, I had to move to Football Manager. A friend taught me the ropes, and I've been playing for a while. I played with Liverpool, AC Milan, Bayer Leverkusen and Atltico Madrid. No game has gone to mid-season. I studied, researched and spent a lot of time talking with friends about this game. I wish I hadn't. This is just the worst Manager game I've ever played for a simple reason: Nothing you do matters. I bought Marco Reus and Alex Oxdale-Chamberlain to play on the wings. Might as well have kept the money for myself and used Emile Heskey and Djimi Traor there. The most skilled player cannot dribble past the worst defender. The best crosser of the ball cannot beat the first man. The tallest and best header cannot score 3 goals a season from crosses. Every team play the exact same way, and most goals come from the same three things: Shots from outside the box, defensive mistakes and free-kicks. In upwards of 300 hours spent in the game, I don't think I saw a single goal from a corner. However, three times I saw a goalkeeper handle the ball outside the box and get booked, and two of those free-kicks resulted in goals. Players are so unbelievably stupid that it's annoying. Steven Gerrard to take a free kick on the edge of the box. You think he's going for goal. No. He's going to pass it back to the left back, who will then try to dribble and lose it. You think Asmir Begovic is a good goalkeeper? Well, he's not above handling the ball outside of the box when trying to boot it upfield. I'd always been told that Football Manager was all about the tactics, and that it is the hardest thing to manage. Well, it is hard. Specially because no matter how you set your team up to play, they will always play the same way. You can try to get the best passers of the game, but they will misplace at least 30% of their 6 yard passes. This is so frustrating I'm at a loss for words. Injuries? Well, how's this for a list. Before the third match of the season, I had the following players injured: Steven Gerrard, Jordan Henderson, Alex Oxdale-Chamberlain, Alberto Moreno, John Flanagan, Marco Reus, Adam Lallana, Daniel Sturridge, Asmir Begovic and Mario Balotelli. That's BEFORE THE THIRD MATCH! All of those players (bar Lallana and Reus, who are injured at the start of the season) got injured during pre season! Seriously? Unless this game is heavily patched to fix everything that's not just wrong, but plain dumb, I'll be forced to stop playing a genre I really enjoy because EA were not competent enough to keep FIFA Manager going, and because SEGA apparently have no clue what a football match looks like. I'll wait and see. But I will not hope for much.
game-hours: 859.7
review: Very disappointed with this years game. Lots of screens have been changed and they are now harder to navigate and make the changes you need that before - seems like a bad change to me. A few of my grievances: The squad selection screen, you now can't left click on a substitute to chose who to swap them with You can't create custom views for the opposition instructions screen - WHY?!? Who thought that was a good idea? I'm also not really a fan of the new match engine but I can't put my finger on what I don't like. Is it too bright, choppy (even with graphics levels set low). *sigh* On the whole, I wish I hadn't bought it.
game-hours: 313.6
review: Still very buggy and some of the player positioning in the match engine is just plain horrible. I would recommend waiting for them to patch this a bit more before shelling out your cash unless you are a complete football manager tragic like me.
game-hours: 349.1
review: I love the Football manager series but once again this years has bugs which have ruined it for me. Conceding crazy goals, lots of goals via crosses aand defending set pieces is a joke. I wouldn't bother.
game-hours: 404.7
review: Match engine is very poor. Spend so much time working to build a decent squad and to develop tactics that work only for it to be entirely spoiled by the way this game treats me. Too many injuries, too many goals, morale crumbles at the slightest thing, players do not follow instructions, goalkeepers are pitiful, poor animations, players are overly stroppy, long saving times. This is a video game - GAME being the operative word. I don't really care if this is as realistic as it gets. I'd sacrifice realism if the game was fun, but it's not. FM 2014 was poor too. I'm still hoping a patch will deal with some if not all of these issues, but part of me knows it won't. Goodbye 20 years of loyalty to SI. These things are too expensive for me to spend money on if they're not enjoyable.
game-hours: 111.8
review: The worst and most bugged release EVER. Don't buy it until FEB. Needless to say, my problems are the same of other people: tennis score, conceding a lot from corners etc. This release is a FRAUD.
game-hours: 192.8
review: Instead of getting the core of the game right: tactics, match engine, we get yet another load of new press interactions that nobody cares about and even more dumb talks with players and teams. Sure you can get your assistants to do it but some players actually likes talkes to press and staff as long as it's not repetitive and actually has an impact? Nevertheless the real problem is with the match engine: results like 3 to 5 or 4 to 4 are common, the goalkeeper stays on his line for every cross and the movements the players make in the engine are laughable. The crowd looks like a bunch of inflatable dolls in the stand and just like previous x versions there is hardly any atmosphere in terms of sound from the crowds (where have the good old 'sack the boss' chants gone, or why can't the crowd whistle or boo at the ref?) For that crippled engine we get the amazing gift of hot dog stands outside the stadium? Wow, thanks for getting your priorities straight, SI. Last time I bought the game (since 98/99). Time for a decent competitor.
game-hours: 171.5
review: Applies only for the Linux port of FM2015 -------------------------------- I really loved Football Manager series. I am not going to expalin what they are or how to play them. I am really happy they tried to bring it to Linux. But they have failed. The game freezes constantly. Sometimes when you click "continue", sometimes when you try to offer a contract to someone. When it freezes, there is no solution - you have to kill the process. Crashing/Freezing like this 3 or more times per game week is simply unacceptable and completely ruined gameplay for me. The 'freezing' issue is quite common on their forums, but there is no constructive response whatsoever. I am disappointed with the Linux port of the game and don't recommend anyone buying into frustrations like this. --------------- Ubuntu 14.04, most popular distribution, with a good radeon driver on which everything seems to run just fine.
game-hours: 345.8
review: Sucks monkey balls. Cheats you worse than ever. You could have the best team in the world, be leading 3-1 in a CL game but FM decides that you're to be spanked 6 or 7 goals in the return leg. Don't waste your money and go spend it on a game that actually gives you what a game is supposed to. Enjoyment.
game-hours: 110.8
review: A long time FM fan but this game is just . Not only does it not improve on earlier versions but it's worse. Feel ripped off and will think twice before buying another SI game from here on in,
game-hours: 9.9
review: This game is really atrociously bad. Tactics are stupid, the players are stupid and what can you say about the match-engine.... is just action after reaction after reaction - ask your team to tackle a player hard - get sent off after 2 min - go 2 up - get 2 pegged back - then score 3- 2 - or go 2 down - peg 2 back - then lose 3-2 - teamtalk, press conferences - what's the point of it all... seriously - i want my money back - the last good FM was also the first one - 2005... 10 years of garbage and it's just keeps getting worse by every year - i will never buy FM again.
game-hours: 102.4
review: After reading quite a few very negative reviews, and some positive reviews, I decided to stay dedicated to the Football Manager series and buy this next installment (After having played 09', 10', 11', 12', 13' and 14'). I was not disappointed. FM15 offers quite a bit of changes; everything from the 3D matches to the interface, gameplay and responsiveness. First off, the responsiveness of the game has greatly increased and improved. The game is far more responsive than earlier versions, and seems to go 'easier' on the processor. Second, interface. The interface has been changed drastically. Anyone who has played the previous FM installments will have a hard time at first with getting to grips with this new interface, but the change is definitely for the better. It is far more intuitive and works far better for newer players - And it might take a while to get accustomed to it but once you do, you realize exactly how much of a fabulous and welcome change it is. It makes the game navigation far easier, smoother and smarter - Which, in addition to the game's responsiveness, makes for a very fluid gaming experience. The 3D matches however, are not to my liking. The cartoonish graphics and unrealistic movement of the players reminds me more of FIFA 95' than a modern game. In my eyes, this is a step back from FM14 in fact, and hinders the game somewhat as the players score unlikely and unrealistic goals sometimes, or commit some extremely unrealistic movement and the entire feel of it is just awkward. But, now, my last and most important point: Gameplay. My god has this changed. The whole game feels incredibly new, the tactics screen is much easier to navigate through, the inbox makes your life incredibly easy (With interactions with players/transfers/almost anything can be done directly from the inbox when prompted with a message about it), transfers are *far* more realistic, negotiations about contracts too, player interactions have seen a major improvement, as have interviews with the press and team talks. Heck, even the backroom advice is better! The entire "Interaction/conversation" section is much easier to navigate through, works far better and more fluildy and seems to have a much greater impact on the game. Players seem to interact better and more often, and their interactions have real positive or negative effects on your team and the game and that's absolutely fantastic. It's one of the major things that has been missing, proper interactions. Many people have stated that the game is unrealistic, that they lose all the time or get injured all the time - And I have one thing to say: Review your tactics. The game is *NOT* broken. I've been playing for a while now with Arsenal (The most injury stricken team ever) and I've only had two injuries so far, both of them under three weeks out for the players - And the players are extremely susceptible to injuries (Jack Wilshere and Gibbs), so it's understandable. The scores have been realistic so far as far as I'm concerned, and from what I can tell, the problems people have been having directly link to their inability to adapt to the new game interface and inability to create proper tactics. The only real thing that bothers me about this game however, is the fact that the "Current Ability" and "Potential Ability" ratings for players seems to have decreased extremely from FM14 for some odd reason, and in some places it's truly uncalled for. I mean, for example, how can it be that Alexis Sanchez's Current Ability is only 165, when he's clearly having a *much* better season than, for example, Sergio Aguero whose Current Ability is around 180? That's just ludicrous. But let's be real, I'm happy that this is the only bad thing I can say about this game (And the 3D part), I mean, that's the least of our worries. Eventually, the Football Manager series heavily relies on tactics, not on individuals, and that's what makes it great and that's also what makes this flaw really minor. I highly recommend this game and see it as a step in the right direction for SI.
game-hours: 206.1
review: What can I say? The game is awesome way more tricky and challenging than the last few years. If you enjoy football then grab this game.
game-hours: 53.6
review: At the moment, its not enjoyable and borderline unplayable heavily down to the awful match engine. Might come back when they decide to publish a finished game, until then i'll stick to fm 2010, much better game!
game-hours: 85.7
review: The lights flick on. Your hands and feet are bound to the bed posts. It's Didier Drogba standing over you, full mast, ready to have his way. You contemplate the vicious cycle of love and abuse. It's no use, you're hooked even against your better judgement. Perhaps he'll be gentle this time, let you feel something positive, give you something to hold on to. Something that feels good again. He used to say he loved you. He used to care. I need help...
game-hours: 87.7
review: to easy to score frome crosses i dread the ball coming in the box i hope they fix this as it really spoils the game. otherwise i would recommend the game
game-hours: 147.2
review: PLEASE FIX!!!!!!! My father and i have been playing football manager since god knows when.... seasoned pros.... but the AI on this years is totally RIDICULOUS..... playing in league 1 as Bradford and my dad as port vale... we are both the teams obove relegation..... GOALKEEPERS in this league should be in the prem.... had a player ON THE GOAL LINE and gk still came across and svaed it.... this is a problem with the games AI... somehow a goalkeepr can get from the far post to the near post to save a header from a yard out and one can get from the far post to near post to save a shot 1cm out!!!!! PLEASE MAKE A PATCH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 594.9
review: Barely playable. it's been said 100 times but defending is non existent.
game-hours: 83.5
review: I hate to say it... this game is awful. Ive played Champ/FM for many many years. I think i will finally stop as this game. Match engine is ridiculous and the layout is confusing and tactical setup is poor
game-hours: 794.2
review: unrealistic scores mid table and low team in greek superleague with scores 4-5 THIS is unreal these teams in real strungle for one goal fix the engine pls
game-hours: 78.7
review: I can't recommend this in its current state. Too many injuries and a poor match engine with either unlikely goals or very lopsided results or where you can have all the best players, be accomplished in all your tatics and have 100% motivation and still lose to the same team because the match engine decides you have to lose even though you have better possession, attack and a whole bunch of players. I had one game where the opposition went in and stoked it up and I had 9 injuries as a result with the opposition having no yellow cards. The match engine seems not to reward those who attempt to play possession based soccer and it seems a case of just learning the same couple of tatics and rotating them or changing from Control to attacking and you can win way too easily (unless the game refuses to let you win against one team...) Buying and selling players well a lot of the decent youth players the opposition wants in excess of 90 million pounds for. Went back to 2012 and had more fun then I did with FM15, after one season on 15 i'm out, mabye after Feb it will be better but for now I can't be stuffed.
game-hours: 264.7
review: fm series free falling, full price dlc for new animations and roster update.
game-hours: 79.0
review: thank god i only paid 5 for this, prasie the lord for gifts cards!! when playing fm13, i thought that these games were head and shoulders above any other football game in terms of the imersiveness and the elevel of realism. but the last two games since then have been truly discusting. i dont care about the graphics, thats not what the game is about, but the actual realism of the match engine is poor. what is going on with the goalkeepers this year?? about 10-15 of my conceded goals have come directly from rebounds from frankly rediculous saves from the keep, he will just parry the ball away from the most tame shot imaginable and stand there for about a year until the follow up from the opposition striker rolls it in. then he dives. injuries are something which many people are complaining about. i dont feel like my tactical changes have any efect on the game. match stats mean nothing. this is a real shame because i have a lot of time for SI but im losing faith by the day. i feel like some things happen on the game just to make you more addicted, becasue lets be honest, its more addictive when your not winnimg, because you cant put the game down until you have sorted it. and why do you have a sudden drop in form ever jan or feb. every team has a bad patch, but i, aloong with many other players have unexplained drops in form where nothing you do can halt the slide. i could go on for hours but i cant be bothered to give anymore feed back because i dont think it makes any differenc so if this review does nothing more than let me take my anger out on it, then so be it
game-hours: 137.2
review: Like every previous Football manager games, i preordered FM15 just to play beta. I have to say this year, there are way more bugs then every other years. I played 50 hours in the first 3 days of the release of the beta version and I spotted about 10 problems. Because this is my favourite game I just keep playing and identify bugs in the bugs forum so my favourite game can be fixed. Yet, I waited after two updates, the game is still not fixed. Bugs that are still not fixed: - After stadium expansion plan got cancelled, the finishing date still highlight on the calendar. - Rooney get unhappy because pre season training start too early even though it is nearly december. - Defenders with at least 15 pace and 15 acceleration chase down the ball that has passed the defenders line ridiculously slow. THIS IS THE MOST FRUSTRATING BUG. HOW CAN PHIL JONES OR JONNY EVANS OR RAFAEL CHASE DOWN A BALL SO SO SO SLOW, IT IS PRETTY MUCH SLOWER THAN OTHERS WALKING. THE OPPONENT END UP GETTING BALL EASILY SINCE THE DEFENDERS CAN'T EVEN GET THE BALL WITH 50 METRES HEAD START. Throughout the 3 seasons, I've seen this occurred 20 times, so I'm quitting until it is fixed. - Set-piece marking is completely broken, i set pretty much all my players to defend, 3 form wall and 7 markers against 5 opponent. Yet 3 out of 5 opponents are completely unmarked and freely roaming around on the side of my wall. - Team selection layout maybe a minor issue, but it can be annoying if you have a big squad or you want to pick someone in the youth team. There used to be a sub slots column next to starting formation/line up, now it it gone. You now have to drag a player from the players list to the substitute slots on the same list. Picking substitute has never been harder in my life. - Budget adjustment in my first season at ManUtd, I can adjust the transfer budget to zero so i can have 3.6 Mil per week for wage budget. The second season, i adjust it all the way to wage budget, but i can only get 3 Mil per week wage budget. So that means my minimum transfer budget is 60 MIL. I'm paying players 3 Mil wage per week so whats the point of having maximum 3 Mil for wage budget and 60 Mil for transfer budget? Why can't I have all my transfer budget all my wage budget? - There are many more... I have posted all the bugs I've spotted on the bugs forum but all i get is pissy tone replies or thread closed for lacking evidence. They expect me to download this thing so I can post the game file on the server for them, and I've try installing it on my mac countless of time, it failed to install. Not to mention it is sponsored by MACKEEPER, A FREAKING MAC VIRUS. I tried to posted screenshot on the forum, it never works. They recommended this other software which has 2 weeks trial for free, DO I HAVE TO PAY TO HELP THEM IDENTIFY THE BUGS? I tried upload so videos of the bugs so my thread doesn't get close down, and i get all these pissy replies. Since there server doesn't work, i upload the game file on a file hosting website, they still expect me to upload it on a server that never works on my mac. Mostly unappreciated replies when I'm trying to help them, occasionally I get a nice reply but I am very unhappy with the game. I save up my pocket money to preorder it, paypal converted the money to profit them, I got charged by banks with overdrawn fee and I get a game full of rubbish.
game-hours: 230.9
review: WHile i have loved the Fm series since it's inception this is the worst version i have played. Yes the menu system has been changed and will take a while to get used to ut just feels cluncky, and the scouting system has changed drematically and has problems as i scouted Ross Barkley managing Swansea and got back this player would not be a worth while signing. The worst thing about this game is whatever decideds the score currently i am 15 games into the season and so far the best result for any team away is a draw Burnley v Chelsea 1-1 all the other matches have been home wins for the respected teams and some strange results Q.P.R beating Arsnel 6-3 my results away have been awful and at home frakley strange H v everton 5-2 W A v Villa 4-0 L A v Leicester 7-0 L H v Man City 2-1 W H v Man Utd 1-0 W A v Tot 4-2 L H v Liverpool 3-0 W A v Burnley 2-0 L A v Chelsea 8-2 L A v West Ham 6-0 L H v Arsenal 3-1 W H v west brom 6-2 W A v Southhampton 3-1 L H v Q.P.R 4-0 W A v Sunderland 1-0 L It's stupid everyone is near enough on the same popints it's coming down to goal difference this has nothing to do with tactics or team moral there is a major bug in the system
game-hours: 9.1
review: So many injuries in just 3 weeks (got like 9 injured players).. I'd prefer 2014 & 2013
game-hours: 20.7
review: I really want to like this game, but i just cant! Was a waste of 30 if im honest. Ridiculous scorelines, too many injuries, the referees are far to 'card happy' and they constantly give stupid penalties. The match engine is rubbish and abit predictable at times. The game is overcomplicated in certain areas. Im forcing myself to play it due to the fact it cost 30 and thats 30 im not prepared to let go for nothing! I just cannot recommend this game at all!!
game-hours: 169.5
review: At first i thought this game was a massive step up on FM 14 but after playing for only a few hours i have realised what a massive dissapointment this game really is, I knoiw its's only beta but so many things need changing that i cant see the end products as being that good. First of all injuries are outragious, you are guaranteed to get an injury a game and can find yourself without you key players only 4 games in to the season. Second problem is the 'New match engine' the amount of times my players have just stood there and watched Charlie adams ping a 50 yard screamer in whilst my keeper does nothing is ridiculos, seriously though the AI rarely do anyting. The transfers are so unrealistic, the value of a player might be 10 million but you will end up having to pay 40 million for a decent player. Finally the worst part is the inconsistency of the matches, you can go and play Manchester City away and thrash the 6-0 and then lose at home to West Brom 4-0 this was a problem in early FM 14 and that got soon fixed, im not saying you should win every game but the game feels too inconsistant, there isnt enough realism in matches. I have been looking forward to FM 15 for a while now and am quite dissapointed so far:( at this stage tbh i wouldt recommend FM 15 untill things have been changed, people are rating this game because "I told my player i was gonnna sell him and he got upset" that has been in FM for an age and isnt a real addition, there are positives of this game but not enough.
game-hours: 153.6
review: Where do I start? Well it should be called 'Football Impoter' not 'Football Manager' Ok I started my managing career with a very poor team, but with this mental match engine i have racked up 52 goals in 17 games conceeding 24 alomg the way.....I am some how top of the table even tho i sold my best players. The GK are just well, there is just no words for them! 30 yards belters from CB`s are a common thing, Defending is just brutal. I don`t have one good thing to say about this game. I have over 400+ hrs on 11, 12, 13 and 14......Now to top it all off it says i have to 'PURSHASE' the game again!!!! 2 out of ten for me.....if the fotball on the pitch is no good then whats the point of the updated interface
game-hours: 291.8
review: I thought people were overreacting about the number of injuries... boy was I wrong
game-hours: 229.7
review: I see some improvements in the graphics. I have tried the game four times now and had 39 injuries, which is quite unrealistic. Also, you drill a counter tactics and never ever display transitions where you catch the opponent off balance. I have been a coach for many years and to actually see the tactics trained expressed in the graphics... well.. it aint happening. Thus the game lacks realism.. or ability to convert programming into challenging gameplay.
game-hours: 135.3
review: I want to play this game. I like fantasy games. But Everytime I start it up, I remember that half my team WILL BE injured within the first 3 months. That no matter what I do consistency is not possible and my team will fail to perform and I will fail to have any real impact on that despite the rediculas sometimes over lapping micro-managing aspects that are both too specific and too general. Example... Exploit the flanks doesnt mean exploit the flanks more, it means ONLY exploit the flanks unless you select other options. In which that ratio cant be controlled. Example... you can have multiple coaches for multiple traits and skills but can only have one practice type per day. You can try to teach a player a new move or position; and its up to the player if hes compatable let alone compitent. You will train and trade and chances are players wont want to come to your club in which case the conversational options are minimal repetative and non-impactful. Oh and did I mention that some of the User Interface is completely bugged? And I mean completely! Try organizing your custom view and watch as some of your options *do not appear*. You want to sort by position; sure, wait then why does it sort by ability when I click position? To Suggest this game would be to encourage this type of lack luster game developing that is become the norm. Im not saying you cant make money, but just publish a game every other year and charge us 100$ for something you can be proud of. Instead of dusting off and polishing the same game with improved data.
game-hours: 203.2
review: I love the game very much however there are always some concerns. These are all game play issues: 1) A FEW Players ratings. Messi is 20 everything as usual but he didn't have a great last season like he usualy does. Some players are quite underrated such as Di Maria and a few Atletico Madrid players. Ronaldo has 15 acceleration.... (not sure how that works.) 2) Some errors made by defenders and keepers are simply unexplainable.(not sure if it's a bug or not). Sometimes the defenders just heads/pass the ball back towards the keeper and then the keeper just stands there making no attempt of clearing it whilst an opposition is running towards it. 3) When players dribble they run into teamates far too often. Which is quite unrealistic as it hardly ever happens in real life. 4) This is a very irritating one. Players misses 1V1's far too much, if they have 4-5 '1V1' chances they'll manage to score one.... This is very unacceptable as in real life players in top leagues simply don't miss all those chances. You could say that they are having a bad game but it's happening consistantly throughout the season. Also the opposition always manage to score them when they have the chance. But our players just blast it strait at their keepers. 5) Final one so far... Players some how manages to score some incredible long shots but they simply just blast it over the goal when they are at the 6 yard box which is again unexplainable (sometimes it is harder to miss then to just get it on target). So far I havn't seen a single finesse shot by my players and only 1 from the opposition. Please could you fix these issues. I would be forever greatful.
game-hours: 771.9
review: Truly a horrible game to play. The game engine, match engine and what is referred to as the AI, actually just a randomisation engine based on mathematical equation, is defective. The players do not have any realistic actions or movements. The defensive simply does not work, especially crossballs which is impossible to defend against. Your central defenders will try crossballs from deep regardsless of their shortt passing and less risky passing. Your team will miss 4-5 Clear Cut Chances every match, the opponent goalkeeper will always play high above level and your opponents players are always faster then yours. There has been so much focus on the administrative part of the game, that the actual playing a match part of the game has been overlooked. And as for the administrative part, it is boring and doll. Constant and repeating media questions before and after every single match, makes one set of the assistant manager to handle it. Individual traning for players is gone completely in order to facilitate new players, basically making the game easier to the point of being dumb. And this is in normal mode, they originally made the FM Classic mode for that purpose. There are a few positives like the new scouting system and staff system, and the UI has been improved as well. But those things are easily forgotten in the face of the overwhelming onslaught of errors and lazy programming. All in all it is hard to see how this game got through testing... Just kidding, SIgames never test their games before release. And they do not care about correcting errors and flaws. Most of what I have written was reported doing the beta fase of the game, but nothing was done about it. The beta was version 15.1 and the game is now on 15.1.3, so 3 versions later and nothing has changed. My advice, do not buy this game. It is defective and it is unlikely that it will ever be fixed. It reminds of FM2005 and FM2013. They were defective from the beginning and it was never fixed. PS. The metascore is faked. There are always equal number of positive reviews to the negative ones, and they always give equal opposite score.
game-hours: 460.3
review: In every game 1-3 player gets injured. This game kicks your nut sacks as long till you want to play a totally different game. Long winning streaks followed by long losing streaks. Even the league bottom dwellers hits you with 6-0. Too many goals (4-5 on average). Horrible execution tackles inside penalty areas almost never leads to a penalty shot. But penalties come from errors which you cannot even see. FM15Beta is faulty as hell. Good job SI! OK, this is beta, but it has to be a totally different game on next Friday, when the official release date is. Best goal : My goalie was called by referee. Goalie walked there and received an yellow card. Then my goalie started jogging towards his work place and meanwhile the opponent gave their corner kick and scored an empty netter. Rather play FM13. Beyond Earth and this pre-purchased and regret both. Never again a pre-purchase. Not. Even. One.
game-hours: 858.0
review: This Game is the worst Football Manager so far. The steam Engine is very poor and i can't contact steam support to help me with any of my issues. I uninstalled the game and tried to reinstall it but it says its already purchased so i can't even see if that works. The maintenance on the game is shocking the previous games have never been this bad i will strongly consider never going near steam ever again after this shambles i'd recommend everyone stay away from this game if you have no time for terrible help and no maintenance.
game-hours: 29.0
review: I used to pre-order Football Manager every year without fail. No longer. This game is poor, plays poorly, but at least we can play a buggy game with a fresh interface every year, because that seems to be all the consumer pays for. PS. Injuries will make you punch your screen. Repeatedly. Till your knuckles bleed. 3/10.
game-hours: 30.7
review: I think it is time someone creates a new football managment game to give SI some competition. This is pretty much the same game we've played for years. A good one I must admit but it feels old and isn't all that existing.
game-hours: 138.3
review: People often send me messages asking why I am playing this game. So I thought I would post a review to explain why. I will first point out that I have a strong interest in football. I wouldn't say I watch the matches, but I am always reading news stories online and am up to speed with the majority of world football headlines. I will also say I am not a massive fan of the FIFA series of games produced by EA. They seem to have a very immature audience whenever I have tried to play them online and that is something which puts me of immediately. Football Manager (the series), puts you in the office of a Football Manager (shocker huh?), you take on all the jobs that a football manager does, from setting up tactics, to training sessions all the way to signing new players for your team. Personally, I find myself getting very immersed in this game. There is something really special about taking a team from one of the lower leagues, all the way up to being the best team in the world. Once you pass the first couple of seasons, the players which are around today all start to retire, move onto different teams etc, this is when the game really begins. The game will create computer generated random players, these are called regens. How good these regens are depends on a number of things, but mostly the training and youth facilities you have at your club. There is nothing more satisfying in the this game, than finding a young 17 year old unknown kid, and training and developing him into a world-class footballer. People may laugh or snarf at this game, but if you enjoy football, and want to find yourself a massive addictive time sync, then Football Manager is the game for you.
game-hours: 1569.1
review: before the fan boys and girls scream and shout at me for not recommending this game please note. i love the game..... HOWEVER, not much has changed in the last few years and this is another re-arranged database update with a spit and polished 3d engine which is still lacking a lot of work. That said if you are a fan of FM you probably already bought it like i did because you have done every year since the day dot. and will do every year regardless. so if you are new to this its going to look great, if you are an older FM player then yes its another database update with a sidebar!
game-hours: 32.4
review: This game can't load after numerous attempts to fix the error using advice sourced online. What is wrong and why can't it load? Money has been paid and customers are unhappy. Please contact me to sort this out.
game-hours: 624.6
review: Gonna fail end of year Exams because of this game. Thanks SI. 10/10 will still play.
game-hours: 125.9
review: I've played every FM (and champ Manager before they split) and while some have set the bar low and some have had glitches, this is by far the worst. Both single and multiplayer games seem to have the worst AI I've ever seen passes going off in random directions at least 10-15 times per match and every match win lose or draw in multiplayer having at least 6-8 goals. I pre-ordered and am really dissapointed that I did, I expect subsequent patches to VASTLY improve the quality of the gameplay but in the meantime I'd have to say don't buy this until it's fixed. We have given up our usual multiplayer game because it is almost unplayable.
game-hours: 915.5
review: Who releases a game that is not ready?
game-hours: 868.5
review: I don't know what people are crying about. I haven't noticed any problems with the injuries and I've started several saves both in top and bottom tier football. Overall this is by far the best Football Manager that's released to date althought there's still a few bugs here and there like there's pretty much every year. By the January update the game will most likely be pretty much a bug free, which is when most people buy the game anyway. The new match engine is very promising and I think it's already better than in the previous versions. The new touchline team talks also seems to be working pretty well and the add another dimension to the game. The new scouting system is also superior compared to the previous versions. And then the new UI... It's again way better than before and having the side panel back just makes it's so much easier to navigate through the menus. So overall I think it's the best Football Manager game to date, although it still have a few bugs here and there. If you are a fan of the Football Manager franchise then this is definitely a must buy. Remember that the christmas sales are coming soon so it's probably worth waiting till then if you haven't got the game already by now. And this was written by someone who spents 1000-1500 hours with Football Manager each year and I own each and every game of the serie including quite a few versions of CM too.
game-hours: 5.8
review: Bought FM since 06 and have to say this feels more like an arcade version. The new UI is awful and getting used to things again is time wasting. Why try fix something that wasn't broke. There's a reason we went from side bar to top bar in previous versions of FM. The option to change from side bar to top bar isn't there either. Last buy of FM for me i think.
game-hours: 335.0
review: ive purcahsed every football maanger since 2011 and i have to say this one is unplayable! the amount of injuries which as far as i can tell they dont plan on fixing is rediculous. i wont be opening this game again and going back to football manager 14
game-hours: 57.8
review: I played agaist weak team yesterday and my team lose 9-1. Funny thing is If I pick random people in my street and create team they will manage at least draw against them. Other problems, If you want buy 5 million dolar - 10 million dolar price range player and click advice offer they want 50 million dolar, sometimes their agent want more money for full access his contrat.
game-hours: 22.5
review: Poor gameplay, everyone is injured within a month, teams asking ridiculous prices for youngsters, 3d gameplay isn't that different, might as well apply no tactics doesn't really affect the game. Not worth the money, feels like such a lazy job done on this one keep playing FM 14 doing yourself a favor trust me. Played every FM since the franchise came out and this one is just failtastic.
game-hours: 183.0
review: this is a really frustrating game. too many offsides, multiple long term injuries after every game and goolkeepers conceding some ridiculously stupid goals. There are just too many bugs that need to be sorted out.
game-hours: 188.4
review: Love the series, but this is only adding to the manner in which FM's match engines are getting worse and worse. In my onw opinion, the series has been in huge decline since 2012; and this is absolutely no exception. Own goals here, own goals there. 5 goals here, 10 goals there. Goalkeepers? Ha. Until SI fix the match engine - something that I'm doubting will actually happen after the way that the FM14 engine was awful throughout - don't purchase this. Find 2012 online somewhere and play the last game in the series that I can say was a really enjoyable game.
game-hours: 198.2
review: after 2nd update the game was brill running playing ace 3 rd one comes on my team drops like a stone and get better players still i lose over and over miles your a joke m8 after 20 years you should stop now cas you lost the plot .GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK FOR 13 14 AND 15 .back to 2012 i go
game-hours: 294.3
review: HOW TO ENJOY FOOTBALL MANAGER 2015: Method 1: 1. Get the instant results skin 2. Buy the ingame editor (For the ridiculous amounts of injuries you'll get) 3. ??? 4. Profit. Method 2 1. Right click on game in library 2. Select delete local content. 3. Complain on forums and demand for refund. 4. ??? 5. Profit Method 3 BUY ANY FM (like 11, 12, even 13) EXCEPT THIS TRASH! I'll still play it though. I'm sad...
game-hours: 110.2
review: injuries injuries injuries injuries... my team looks like hospital.
game-hours: 120.6
review: Have been playing fm since 2012 so i am no way a newbie to this game. My 2 cents so far.. 1. too many bugs in match engine, laggy, lousy ui. gameplay is not realistic at all. amount of long shots, unrealistic angles, number of goals, ball physics, everything is a big letdown. 2. Add to that licensing issues (Fm should state in bold that FM 2015 does not have licence for players faces/ team logos/jerseys) . This was shambolic and adds one more level of unrealism. i could go on rambling about it .. in short Fm 2015 disappoints me every level. practically a downgrade from fm 2014.
game-hours: 57.5
review: bad fm that i've ever played too easy too score goal keeper -*- cant do anythings lots of goal from corner waste money to buy this game
game-hours: 509.8
review: Crashes all the time and steam always say they're too busy to support. !
game-hours: 25.5
review: As of right now I have to give this version a bad review, first time ever giving FM a bad one. Playing in my second season and for 2 seasons in a row I have had more than half my team injured. I tried everything from reducing training to even minimal training. I wouldnt buy this game unless it goes up for atleast 50% off.
game-hours: 80.9
review: Is this worth your purchase? Yes Is it worth your purchase if yopu have FM2014? No So bottom line you get your normal squad updates etc. They has been a change of the screens but really you get the same information just presented in a slight diffrent way. The 3d engine is the best improvment its fine to watch now but still not perfect. So yes I like this game but kinda wished I had spent my money on something else as for me this is not a massive upgrade to last years. This is just my thoughts and you might think diffrent. Its your choice.
game-hours: 111.0
review: unrealistic results, lots of goals scored, silly goalkeepers. buy this game!
game-hours: 279.9
review: beta review: pre update stikers scored way too many goals so they sorted that out in the latest update by making them useless. players ignore instructions yet again e.g. long balls when only short passing is selected, referees are way to card happy when instructions are to tackle lightly, far too many injuries, i had a light training regime and had 9 players 6 of which are first team regulars with high natural fitness out before the season even started, i keep hoping they will sort out some issues but apparently theres nothing ever wrong with the match engine (all hail the indisputable match engine in all of its reichous goodness! or face death by the deluded fanboys recyling the old "its your tactics hur durrrrr"). it feels like they want the game to be more challenging in places to the point where it boxes up realism and puts it to the back of the wardrobe not to be seen again for the next few years. i really hoped they would've improved on last years version and even the year before and in some respects they have, more detailed player interactions, better animations and the whole stat thing for your manager so you dont have to bother to look for a coach in one area but these few nice things do not compensate for a yet again bad version. fullgame review: the same injury problems are still occuring, 7 first team players injured 5 over a month 3 over 4 months, still loads of cards but very few of them for opposition players who can hack your players down as much as they like without the slightest bit of a telling off? and players "AI" seems to have regressed in places, ive noticed the ball rolling past one of my wingers (intended for someone else but wouldnt have the slightest chance of getting it) my winger could've easily got it but instead watched the opposition walk over and take possession, fullbacks "marking" is horrendous to the point where you may as well have none because they just let everyone have 10 yards of space to run past them and still lots of shooting from outside the box even though relevant tactical instructions tell them to work the ball INTO the box but i guess what SI really meant by that was shoot from whereever as long as you get the ball into the box... also some players stats are way out for how they play in real life and seem to only be that way because they play for certain teams...
game-hours: 27.5
review: Have to rage quit almost every time I play because people get injured or big Mamdou Sakho gets sent off for no reason. Also Daniel Sturridge has 19 finishing but cant score a one on one for . What is the point in stats if they do  all?
game-hours: 367.6
review: Im a big fan of FM games but last few years seems your main enemy is injuries, this version ive been getting 1-2 a game, they start to add up. also why do so many games have huge scorelines like its the norm now, i dont lose often but when i do its by 4-5 goals, this seriously needs sorted out, because im not playing till this and injuries are fixed. I appreciate alot of stuff like updating stats every year that people dont realize how long it takes but still these are fundamentals that can break the whole experience. Like I said I do love these games but its just not worth it this year, nothing new that makes it worth another purchase. I prefer to use 2014 and get updates for it.
game-hours: 18.0
review: lazy addition to the series. basically just an update of the last one
game-hours: 460.4
review: i ve been playing FM for so many years. After the last two disappointing versions (13, 14) i expected FM15 to be improved. I was wrong. FM15 is poor. The match engine is totally unrealistic. Its the same match engine like in FM14. The only improvement are the animations. Nothing else. Not going to buy FM again in the future. This year was the last time. Enough is enough. Every year the game is released unfinished. I do not recommend FM15. Waste of time and money. Also the new menu interface is poor. If SI wanted to convince people not to buy FM15 they did it. Last, the usual STEAM issues are another reason not to buy any game that need the STEAM. Waste of money and time guys. Dont buy FM15. February and still FM15 is not fixed.
game-hours: 866.5
review: Won'd load now - keep getting taken to this site. Whats up? How do I fix it? Should buy championship Manager instead?
game-hours: 1286.4
review: WORST FM EVER. Countless injuries, players getting unhappy far too easily, unplayable match engine, useless tactics and shouts, tweaking does not translate into results in game play. silly goals conceded and too many own goals. Don't buy this game.
game-hours: 72.5
review: I was really looking forward to the latest edition of football manager. I have been buying them since 2007. This is easily the worst football manager for a long time. The match engine underpins this. There are a number of issues with it. The first is the goals per game. There have been numerous occasions where you will go into half time with a score at 3-3 or more. An example of this was when I was playing as newcastle and in a game against Liverpool I was 4-2 up at half time only to eventually loose the game 8-5. This seems to happen all the time. The second is the goalkeepers. I have seen some absolutely blinding saves where a goalkeeper will jump from one end of the goal all the way to the other and still hold the ball. The next minute a shot from 30 yards will go right down his throat and he seems to jump out the way of it. The goal kicks are often very strange. I have often been in the situation where the keeper will simply pass it to the opposition striker who simply puts the ball in the net. Extremely frustrating as you can imagine. In addition to this is if a goal keeper makes a save but doesn't hold onto the ball he seems to forget all about it. Your defenders will also have no interest in it. The only person who is will be an opposition player who will run 45 yards for a simple tap in. But it only ever seems to be against you. It can be comical at times where the defenders are turning on the spot looking in all directions, the goalkeeper wandering around the six yard box and a striker skipping through and tapping it in. General mistakes with the engine involve every other position as well. If you're thinking of getting this game, DON'T! Wait until they fix it or steer clear for good.
game-hours: 297.5
review: This game is extremely bad. Never play it. It's broken and unfair. Thank you.
game-hours: 165.5
review: Avoid Football Manager 2015... Until it is fixed. Why? -Too many goals conceded -Ridiculous, crippling injuries -Too many goals from crosses / corners -Out of control player concerns Okay let me start by saying I'm an huge FM fan, I've owned every single copy since the days of it's predecessor Championship Manager: so we're talking a decade and some, therefore its not natural for me to hate on a game i've always loved. However this game is awful- I have deleted it from my computer and won't be playing it again until it has been patched. I bought Guardado a three star left mid for back up to Tadic- I gave him a backup squad member contract- after THREE premier league matches where he came on as a sub in two he began moaning. Tadic then got injured for 6 months (surprise surprise), it took Guardado 16 premier league matches as a starting player to get over it. BACK UP SQAUD MEMBER??? I was Southampton (decent top-half premier league side), I conceded 86 goals in 38 premier league games. I tried everything- defensive fullbacks, five at the back, two defensive midfielders, defensive setup, rigid approach, new defensive coaches etc etc etc. Nothing worked, I thought maybe it was a bug with my game... I restarted with Southampton, spent my entire transfer budget on my defense and yet again conceded 75+ goals in a single premier league campaign. AVOID AVOID AVOID
game-hours: 424.9
review: It is a new game, with a new and very easy to use interface IMO, together with the gameplay fm15 looks amazing on the outside. I know this is just a beta and i have only played a few hours on this game, i have encountered problems which i dont know whether I am terrible at managing arsenal or that the bugs are really messing me up. 1. Lots and LOTS of own goals, it happened that Calum Chambers scored a hatrick of own goals against QPR which ultimately lost me the game. 2. Injuries, injuries everywhere. At least all my players have been injured once since i have been in charge (4months) and it is getting ridiculous. Debuchy was injured for 3 months then i played him once he got fit and got injured again for another 2. It is getting out of hand. 3. Goalkeepers. Where do i begin? Goalkeepers do the craziest  in the entire world, sometimes it can be funny and other times its frustrating as fwuak. It is also not my own gk aswell when i check other games replay, the goalies can be proper (sorry). Other than those issues this game has been great for me. I absolutely love the tactics menu, the new scouting system and more player interaction. Even though this game does have its issues, it should not be discouraged to play it. I am sure these issues are being brought up by SI and they are trying to fix it. Personally even with its bugs, it is a better and more challenging game than fm14 7/10 Peace <3 Edit: SI officialy released a patch fixing issues with the goalkeepers and the own goals <3 SI
game-hours: 14.8
review: I'm a big fan of fm games, been playing since 01/02 and have enjoyed many hundreds of hours of game time. I've been playing fm2015 since release, mostly offline (I have a lot more hours than probably shown and I have more than one account). This is the first time I've ever reviewed a game, I'm doing so because it's just so broken I feel I have to. For every person saying the game is broken, there's another saying it's because of bad tactics etc. Well, for me it's just a rage inducing festival of disappointment. Yes there's going to be bugs, yes there's going to be the odd quirk, but when you reload a save and replay the same fixture a dozen times, using different squads and tactics and still concede an own goal in the 90th minute after conceding an 85th minute wonder strike, something is up. Nothing I do seems to make a difference to the evidently pre-planned scoreline. You could edit in the best players in the world and they'd still lose 2-1 to Sheffield flippin' Wednesday everytime on my save. I can live with the slightly mad bits of the game, players demanding to leave then moaning when they're transfer listed or your only expensive purchase always getting a long term injury in first half of his second match for example, but when you get the impression that you're merely following a pre-ordained set of results, there's kind of no point. It's a terrible shame and although I expect it'll all be fixed eventually, it's the one game I feel absolutely cheated by. 30 can get you a fair bit in the Steam store, do think very carefully before spending it on a game that actually makes you (for the first time ever) angry at playing. If you find otherwise, if you find it to be brilliant, good on you. I know the developers are active in the forums, trying to sort stuff out which deserves some credit, but they've got their work cut out. Of that much I am certain.
game-hours: 209.8
review: Issue for me these days with FM is the staleness of the whole experience. There are things wrong with the match engine as others have pointed out, but the whole series has emphasised width over depth since it moved from being CM to FM - I've been playing since Domark versions on the Amiga. I remember when we only had text based commentary and the tension was incredible, there was the feeling of just being given enough information and let your imagination fill in the gaps. FM2015 in particular gives you so many features it can initially feel overwhelming, until that is, you realise it doesn't really matter. Keep your players happy, make sure your tactics are reasonably sane, gradually improve your squad, and well that's it... Obviously, you can complicate that as much as you like if that's what you want, but the whole game experience is totally flat now. Every iteration just adds a couple more features that aren't really fleshed out much on top of a bunch of features from previous iterations that haven't been developed further once they have been introduced. All we seem to really pay 40 (assuming you buy on release) for is a data update and a quick polish - it makes no difference if the dev team have put thousands of hours into each version if the end-users experience is so stale - it's lost sight of the end-user experience, and that's what hurts so much. The adding of in-game purchases is also a massive turn-off for me (and others who have given up on FM sooner than I inevitably will); seriously, micro-payment to increase your club's bank balance? Buy editor access? Purchase no transfer restrictions? Whose idea was this? It's awful.
game-hours: 373.5
review: why wont it load to the game
game-hours: 76.8
review: The new UI is beautiful, but the text is too hard to read, it is not clearly enough.
game-hours: 118.3
review: The game is fine in the long term, but the buggy match engine and the tons of injuries are so annoying... My goalkeeper makes a great save and parries it. You would think he would want to get that ball as soon as possible. Nope. He takes forever to get up, leaving the opposistion to just tap it in. My wingers keep cutting inside then howling it into Row Z at least 5 times a match. I have my highlights set to key so when I see Memphis Depay cut inside, I get all pumped up, and then, nope, he kicks it out of the stadium. The injuries are also annoying. Sure it's realistic, but every pre season I end up with at least 5 key players getting injured before the opening match of the season. It gets better as the season goes along, and I know it's because of low match fitness in pre season, but it's stupid. This needs to be fixed. There are some positives though. The scouting and coaching is a lot better than in previous FMs, and the transfers are also realistic. The only problem with the transfers is that all the youth players want the same deal and they won't budge at all unless I give them 20k a week. I would recommend this game to a first time FM player, but not if you have previous FMs, just stick to them and not buy this buggy game.
game-hours: 7.0
review: Put simply, this game is simply not worth buying in its present state. Needs a huge overhaul of gameplay mechanics. When spending a good deal of money for a new game, you expect it to be in a playable state.
game-hours: 69.6
review: I have really been let down by this years verison of Football Manager. I just can not get around the new interface and it is making it hard to get inticed into the game. When I start my first season, a number of players get unsettled straight away. For example I have just started as Fulham and Moussa Dembele is an 18 year old striker and is interested in moving straight away, I just do not understand these aspects at all. Overall I believe SI need to make greater improvements to their game.
game-hours: 159.9
review: This game just gets worse every year! The match engine needs scrapping! Its the most un-realistic gameplay ever created. How can world class players not pass a ball straight or finish even 1/10 one on ones? Its the worse thing they have ever come up with. Players make the most stupud decisions all the times. Highly recommend to not buy this game until they either scrap it or completly re-design it.
game-hours: 1105.5
review: Rubbish so far, the proper game must have improvments. Every game has at least 10 goals in it. Come backs in every game possible, i was 4-0 down and won 7-4 more then once and i have been on the opposite end to this more then once too. Every game i have 2-4 injuries. NEED IMPROVING. Bow in my last 3 games i have been 3-0 up with 20mins to go and lost every single game WTF IS GOING ON!!!!
game-hours: 35.1
review: Having played many FM games over the years, I didnt think that the match end could become more painful to watch. Seeing your own players move out of the way of the ball has been in the game for ages and its really time this kind of nonsense was fixed. Watching a match is like pulling teeth, as your players WALK to tackle, move out of their way and let the opposition clean through on goal. Had this not cost 17, I would never have bought it because no FM game is worth 30. The game has become so bloated that it has forgotten its core values of what made FM such a great.
game-hours: 14.8
review: Not really an improvement from '14 and there are 2 major gameplay issues i have singled out: -Free Kicks It is highly unlikely that you will have a "normal" direct freekick/goal ratio in a team without a top (Yaya Toure, Ronaldo etc) FK taker. -Disallowed goals It is irritatingly common to score >1 disallowed goals in a game.
game-hours: 141.5
review: Great addition to the series despite a lot of negativity towards it. The new interface is great and improves on last years version, I do agree to an extent that injuries do get a bit ridiculous towards parts of the season - my most memorable being managing Wolfsburg and having 7(!) regular starters injured all within a space of 2-3 months. Aside from this, everything else has been great. Tactics have been spot on, I also tested a few tactics from the Workshop and I was surprised at how good some of them were - but it didn't make an instant difference. Some tactics took a good 5-10 games to start flowing nicely, otherwise I would find myself conceding at least 2 goals per game. This year I was focusing solely on gaining most of the achievements rather then spending my life going through season to season with my favourite team. I've been an admirer of these games since Championship Manager 98' and think I've purchased it every year from then. It is true that a lot of the "updates" could quite easily come into a nice dlc bundle or same game "upgrade", however this is not the case. People should note that they are not forced to buy the game every year, their are plenty of dedicated people within the football manager community that focus on updating the databases for older game titles in order for those to keep playing the old game, with the new data. Overall I have loved FM15 and am pleased to say that after all these years, Sports Interactive are still making good progress in providing a richer and more fulfilling football manager.
game-hours: 114.7
review: Terrible, why is it that game makers have to go one step forward and a million back, the graphics are poor quality, stadiums are ok, too many injuries, too many red cards match engine is poor quality, think i might go back to FM 2014 as it was much better than this crud.
game-hours: 11.1
review: Had 7 injuries by the end of pre-season
game-hours: 122.4
review: Bad work in this year's game,literally ****. No need to buy it,50 euros for nothing. I got crashes every single game just like tons of ppl,save your money for next year's fm
game-hours: 130.0
review: Exactly the same as FM14 but with more problems.
game-hours: 385.2
review: The only reason they still able to sell is that SI has no competitors. ME is absolute rubbish, unfixed problems from 14 still remain plus new plenty of errors. Only real improvement is 3D match.  dumb SI will never get my money after this
game-hours: 28.8
review: In their effort to introduce (largely pointless) new features and appeal to new customers, the developers seemed to have released a beta version of FM15 that is far inferior to FM14. Comedy goals, comedy scores, comedy AI in general. There is still the hope that these things will be fixed, but given how flawed the game is at the moment I would be very suprised.
game-hours: 473.5
review: errrmaaagerrrrd!!! i get like this every season, but, what the hell have they done to the gui!!! its horrible!!!!! also, whats going on with the skin ? and the contrast ?!?!? the pitches are a bright/painful to look at green and the rest of the game is dull and grey!! I go from pre match into the game and have to wear ray bans so i dont go blind! im praying its just beta issues, but they are basic things!!! sort it out SI!!! ;)
game-hours: 12.5
review: Not what I expected and too many injuries.
game-hours: 3.1
review: I have always liked FM games, but this one is just plain and simply . DO NOT GET THIS GAME!
game-hours: 51.6
review: Man alive there is a lot of goals and injuries in this game. The match engine makes your players look like they're skating on ice. Most my games finish 5-3. 4-3 etc. If I'm down 2-0 at half Im not all that worried cause there's a chance I might score 4 goals in the 2nd half. I hope they fix some of these issues in the january update.
game-hours: 1073.6
review: Player Injuries.Bad teams give good teams by 5-6 goals.West Bromwich Albion-Manchester United 6-2,Newcastle United-Manchester United 5-1,Swansea City-Manchester United 5-1,Manchester City-Manchester United 6-1,Chelsea-Manchester United 5-1
game-hours: 271.2
review: I dont know why there is so much negative reviews out there, the game is great and the new scouting is much more realistic now. I've played this version since the beta (12 november) and I've only encountered 3 crashes overall so don't worry too much about that. New interface feels great, just need to get used to it. Regarding the ME, there seem to be a lot of goal from crosses making a tactic with wingers like 4-5-1 maybe too rewarding. I've already played +100hours in several top and bottom div and I haven't noticed much irrealistics things happening, you still get a few dumb keeperes/dc mistakes but  happens IRL as well so np. The databases are up to date EXCEPT for the french leagues because sadly french scouts are lazy. But there's already a patch out there for Ligue 1 and 2 so no worries. Overall pretty solid new opus (I have 700+ hours on most FM since FM2010), people need to stop crying when City, Chelsea, the PSG etc... are buying wonderkids for 20+Millions because that's what's happening IRL duh.
game-hours: 237.3
review: Having played every version of Football Manager back to the heydays of Championship Manager on the Amiga, purchasing every year without regret as I always get my money's worth. They changed the layout for the better this year and did the usual tweaks and as ever it has took a few patches but the game plays as well as ever. Highlight for me has been the Scouting tweak, made me think how best to get the info I need on players and as in real life the best way is to watch them and also have they come in on trial. It's a small thing but that is what makes Football Manager worthy of purchase each year, all the small thngs that make one great thing. Off to don the sheepskin and see what dreams can be acheived.
game-hours: 87.4
review: Very buggy. Even simple things like modifying views don't work. The interface is very badly constructed and confusing. Overall this is a giant step back from previous versions. It doesn't add anything to the game except bugs. No real inovation over years past. Save a little money and get a better version. FM 2013 is pretty good. 2013 is basically identical to 2015, except with fewer bugs, and more cool community mods.
game-hours: 253.5
review: I am playing this game till 98. I am a big fan. Till now. 2015 is totally hearhbreaker. I did not like it at all. It supposed to be more realistic then last year but It's not. Main skin is so bad and also we don't have any other skin in it. Last year It was very hard to move bigger clubs. I started my carrier with Fenerbahe (former Turkish champion) at 2015. First year I won league and Turkish cup. Next year I won league and I qualifed Champions League group. On second round Bara came to me. I eleminate 5-4 aggregiate. It was nice. Then I received many contract offer from many clubs. Sevilla, Bilbao and then Juventus. I accepted offer from Juve. Juve had bad year they were 3 and many unhappy players in it. Within 2 weeks I received another offer which is not normal. Real Madrid came to me after 2 weeks at Juventus. I did not win anything. I just eleminate Psv 8-0 aggragate.. That's it? Is this enough for Real Madrid? 2 league Champions Turkey, 1 Turkish Cup, 1 Champions League group qualify. Man, you need to fix this game as soon as possible.
game-hours: 615.3
review: I play FM since the 2008 version, and this version has serious problems in relation to reality of the game. Matches with a lot of goals and many players injuring easy make this version the worst view of the FM series. Among the positive points, unfortunately, can only say an improvement in direct negotiations between players and clubs.
game-hours: 329.1
review: nope. I love FM since it came out many many years ago, but this version makes me angry. too many shots (up to 50 per match), too many posts hitten (I got 7 in one match). bizarre results (Arsenal - QPR 9-5 i.e.). it's almost impossible to figure out if you are bad or if it is just the system randomizing too much. reserve players (with a reserve contract) harassing 'cause they don't play. nope, I am really disappointed :(
game-hours: 183.5
review: Overall, this year was a disappointment for me. First, I don't like the dark skin. But well, its just my taste. -Injuries. Everyone mentions about it. I think its not just the number of players injured which is the problem. The problem is the duration of those injuries. While playing with Corinthians at some point I had 7 players out for 5-6 months with broken legs. All happened during matches. And I play this game at a good level for 6 years I know how to reduce them. It is just broken. -Players are just . Just 3 weeks after some jackass signs a new contract, he becomes unhappy with his contract and asking for a new one. If a player is playing well, he becomes unhappy in any case, he wants more salary, a new challenge or is flattered by interest of a bigger club. Player is on international duty for 40 days and he becomes unhappy for not being in the first team. Same goes with injured players. -I have a squad of 24 players. 21 of them are on international duty and I have a semi final match. Game is simply absurdly ed up. You can't make any alterations on your fixture, you can't interact with the FA or your club board for most cases. After all, I could write down a 50-page list on things that are  in the game. I won't. I just want to tell everyone who considers buying the game: I feel like they intentionally made it so  so that we will be forced to buy the ingame editor. There is no way you can play this game unless you buy the ingame editor. Keep it in mind.
game-hours: 1225.8
review: Another version. Pretty much the same as the others but upgraded. More animations and more....animations. More features as well, apparently, but we'll get to that soon. I was excited for FM 2015, as i normally am whenever a new version comes out. I start up a save where i'm unemployed with a Sunday League reputation. This time i have to think about the coaching badges as well. I don't want any. I will start at the very bottom. Then i experience some RPG attribute thingy. Am i a tracksuit manager or a tactical manager? Hell if i know. I am both but according to the game i kind of have to choose one or the other. I like the idea but i find it a bit too gimmicky. Loading up every single league the game comes with, and a large database. Takes me about 15 minutes before i can start playing for real. The game progresses smoothly. No problems being over the recommended player limit, yet. I'm in the year 2025 now and still no problem. Granted, it slows down a bit when changing months, changing year and during transfer deadline days; but i expected that. Playing the game itself is a bit like a tiny rollercoaster ride. I love playing the game but there are so many tiny bugs and features that don't work very well. Sidebar. I don't mind it but it gives me less room for customised screens. While on the subject customised screens; A complete mess. I "warned" them about these kind of things on SI's forums. Small tiny bugs like these might seems small but they will come back and be a bigger issue. It's been there for a long, long time and they haven't done anything about it. It wasn't prioritised and now they're struggling to figure out how to fix it. Go figure Customising screens is a nightmare. Columns disappearing left and right, when you have plenty of room on the screen. You just want to adjust the width of one column a few mm. "POOF" an entire column or two, gone. Very annoying, as i customise most of my screens. Player interactions are just a complete mess and do not work properly. An entire team in outrage because a 17-year old, who wouldn't get anywhere near the bench of my local 10th-tier real-life club. Amazing. Nobody would care. Not even the 17-year old himself. Players complaining that they want to play more games. We are in the middle of the bleeding holidays. We don't have another game for 3 months. Then comes back and wants to leave because i didn't keep my promise of playing him. We're still one and a half month away from our first friendly. Then, when i try to sell him, he complains that i'm trying to force him out of the club. Well....kind of, yeah?! You wanted to leave becuase of playing time and me not keeping promises, so now you want to leave, because i was trying to let you leave because you wanted to? Player interactions is a big mess. One big negative from me is: Tactics screen. Lord, oh lord, what have they done?! FM14 had the close-to-perfect tactics screen and then they change it, for no apparent reason. Change it to something a thousand times worse. Now, to be fair, they have updated the tactics screen with their patches, so it looks a bit better. To a new player, i don't know what to say. I, personally, don't like the tactics screen at all. I simply don't use it. Backroom advice. My coaches are still offering me contradicting advice. Why the hell would i want my left fullback dribble on the right hand side when you just told me to train him so he doesn't do that anymore?! I could write a whole lot more about the ups and downs with this game but i'll just do this: I do enjoy the game quite a bit, but it's not the best FM. Far away from it. Another not-complete version of this game, which i am getting a bit tired of. It seems like it's acceptable that this is always a game in progress. It will always be in progress and i understand that. But each released version should feel like a complete product. It doesn't, and it hasn't done that for a long time. People on the forums wants features and more features. On one hand they get applauded for doing so, but when things aren't working so well they get the defenders shouting, they're just a small company. If they're not so big then stop adding so many features. Stop adding more than they can handle, which seems to be the case, more and more each year. More features doesn't equal better product. It also needs to work properly, which it doesn't. This seems like an overly negative review, and it kind of is. But i have to say that i do enjoy this iteration as well. I'll still have, probably, over a thousand hours in this game, when FM16 comes out. Having a lot of fun. Finding it harder, personally, than any other version but i love the challenge. I do recommend this game. Make no mistake about that!!! I'll leave this review with the things that bothers me the most about this FM2015: Cons: - Player interactions doesn't work properly - Tactics screen X 1000. It's just many steps back from what they had. - Issue with getting players match fit in lower leagues - Too easy overacheiving when you have the right tactic (compared to real life) - Scouting is very tedious and doesn't work properly - Customising screens doesn't really work
game-hours: 301.1
review: My Team 0-3 AI Team all 3 own goals.. FML 1/10
game-hours: 184.7
review: Problems with the ***** steam! I purchased the game and i haven't played it yet!!!
game-hours: 127.4
review: First days play: There is a lot of familiarity here and also a lot of new learnings. The UI has been revamped giving more of a taskbar feel and for me not a bad layout at all. I can get to more frequent places in game with one or two clicks now rather than 3 or 4 which is appreciated. Takes a little getting used to in finding your way around but that was expected. I'm playing with England being playable and every other country viewable. Filters include all regions top league players coming it at about 130,000. Some nice new features include the touchline shouts which I'm still looking at the effects but generally seem to be working ok. Some tweaks with the scouting and man management options too which I like a lot. The engine itself is different enough to distinguish itself from previous games yet isn't a true evolvement, more upgrade than paradigm shift. Visuals have been upgraded all over. I really like the tactic options, feels more rounded now. Lots of nice shortcuts. Very happy with the purchase and looking forward to having long careers!
game-hours: 57.3
review: I've played Football Manager since ever (1999). I appreciate the updates and all the effort to have the most realistic experience. This version (as well 2014) disappointed me. Negative Experience: - Too many players became superstars. - Injuries way too many, even with proper turnover, training infrastructure and trainers (killing the game esperience) especially when the player complain because didn't played 2 match since the injury. - We cannot manage the stadium. - HeadCoach (player) has always "respect" from the board, in fact they never changed idea. i.e. I trained A.S.Roma for 10 years, winning 3 Champions League, 3 World Cup for Clubs, 6 Championship and 5 National Cup (without counting European Super Cup 2 and 7 National Supercups) In the real world A.S.Roma is building the new stadium. In the game I asked 5 times and has been rejected, I even ultimatum them nothing... (P.S. the squad had tons of money and free debts) - No sense AI transfers - Scoring and player actions no sense especially if watching the match i.e. several match ended 8-5 9-4 exc..
game-hours: 139.8
review: BE AWARE OF THE FRUSTRATING BUGS in the Match Engine. This makes the game UNPLAYABLE at the moment... therefore I RECOMMEND YOU WAIT AND GET THIS GAME AROUND April to July 2015 hopefully when SI fixes most of these issues. Hopefully in the near future FM 2015 will get more stable because for now i will be playing FM 2014. - Too many goals in matches - Too many goals from corners - Poor Goalkeeping These are just one of the many bugs in the Match Engine which makes it unrealistic and unplayable However i will say that FM 2015 is an improvement from last year in terms of changes. They have made the game more user friendly by making it easier for the user to achieve success in managing a club through tactics, choosing the best squad etc.
game-hours: 64.8
review: a few hours into the gameplay and 3/4ths of my team are out for 6 or more weeks... dont know if this a bug or not or just realistic that half of united are injured.
game-hours: 321.2
review: everytime the opposition crosses the ball its a goal
game-hours: 213.7
review: As a seasoned FM gamer & previously CM, I am hugely dissapointed with the match engine, I have yet to go three straight games without either a goalkeeping howler/ glitch (for either side) & atleast once a game the keeper will push a ball onto the post where the ball will stop dead to either a slide tackle goal or slide tackle clearance. Coupled with 6 strate game in which 2 or more goals were conceded in the last ten mintes with the stench of innevitability. Unfortunately due to our loyalty there is no major competitor in site that I could recommend either so you will probably just buy it anyway . . . as i did . . . . and will probably will again
game-hours: 198.5
review: I have played this game for 4 weeks, and yes i have every version of all their games, so i am a football buff, but this game is different, i purchased as a Download, and i have no Transfer List, I have no way of changing payments from $ to sterling, your players do not follow orders, so if you say Mark Tighter, they dont, oh yeah the downloads for the game dont work either, In fact i would say this game SUCKS, and please do not purchase it. IT IS .
game-hours: 197.0
review: Bad UI Design !!
game-hours: 61.5
review: pile of
game-hours: 9.9
review: Unfortunately the makers of FM have not learnt from their mistakes last time. They have yet again released a game with so many bugs there is no point buying the game until around February when all the patches have been released to correct the bugs. The testing process before the game is issued is terrible - is there actually one at all?. This could be such a good game, but is really bad. And they insist on players using this ridiculous Steam platform to run the game through. Hate it.
game-hours: 196.9
review: Lots of injuries it's true (one each game is almost assured), but I managed to stay alive (at least for now, March of my 1st season) cause they were all small injuries save for a couple of players out for months Players don't really follow your instructions (short passes and pass to CB for the keeper, and he still always goes with the long ball). You'll also concede thousands of goals from corner kicks: usually it's corner kick- goal or corner kick-corner kick again-goal or even 3 times in a row and then you concede, and I'm having this crap more than once every 2 games. The scouting system is the thing that improved the most, and reports are now really useful (even if the final judgement sometimes contradicts the report itself). Hope they will fix something in the next patch, but I can't reccomend it as it is now. (Player of FM since 2005)
game-hours: 426.6
review: I played FM2012 from its release until recently, when i purchased FM2015. I played a friends FM2013 and again 2014 - but there wasnt a big enough reason for me to buy the new games as i was still enjoying 2012. I decided this year to buy the new FM2015. New features, player updates, "great match engine" etc. What could go wrong? Lots. The "match engine" is pathetic. Thats the only word for it. Heres why: Keepers constantly spill the ball onto opposition players. Midfield just stand off and stand off, no tackles made. Just run up, stop, watch the player run past. Regardless of what tactics you use (i.e close down more, harder tackling etc). The amount of goals conceded by corners or long range wondergoals is a joke. Im in the Scottish Premiership right now, theres no way my team should be conceding the types of goals they have been. Whats worse - for some reason when i turned the match engine off and went back to the classic "only commentary" mode - these ridiculous goals stopped! I went the next season undefeated! I'm now persevering in my 4th season. With my team having 60%+ possession, 30+ shots, 8 on target, lost 3-1 to a team with 10s & 11s finishing. wtf? If i still had my old laptop id look for a player update on FM2012 and stick with that. I feel as though this game and its engine is really flawed. going from beating liverpool (with celtic) 4-0 away from home and then losing 3-0 to st mirren after dominating the game? yeah ok.
game-hours: 655.4
review: Yearly shovelware cash cow. A crippled cash cow at that. I have to hand it to SI, they manage year after year to make the game worse. I get the feeling that their ambition far outstripped their abilities sometime in 2011 but the sheer arrogance on show refuses to admit it.
game-hours: 164.3
review: Bought the game when i saw the 15.2 was out, i really did think this would be a version were the most idiotic aspects of the match engine would be removed. I guess im wrong. So i started my game, the last coach had ended his career with 5 wins streak. So i felt pressured to win in the begin. Won 2 matches were my team was expected to tie. So far So good. Then i started noticing it. Next match starts. Everythings fine. My Defender is about to get the ball... Know what happens? He sundenly slows down and nearly stops walking, enemy striker gets the ball and scores. I tough it was a isolated mistake of the match engine so i continued. Next match my striker was running foward, grabbed the ball, man on man vs the keeper, he stops running and 4 defenders reach him. He can easily score from there. Does he shot? No. He tries to dribble the 4 defenders by going in the MIDDLE of them. Later i saw my striker running, he had no chance to get the ball, enemy defender did the wost pass i ever saw and fell into the ground for no real reason then started crying. My striker had a chance in front of the goal man on man. He kicks the ball slow and near the keeper and... its in?! Might be a bug. Thats when you start noticing every corner kick that is going to ANY PLAYER BUT A STRIKER near the first post will go in. Works for both sides. My Defender did a hat trick with those corners, striker had even more opportunities by the same way and didnt kick the ball. Enemy also scored like this, between my defenders leg that is. Im not opening this game again until january update,i swear to god. SI should release FM at january instead of releasing it at november every year with the match engine sloppier and sloppier. Talking about tactics, they dont matter much. ive even tried telling my team to not leave their positions but every player seems to run in the area he wants to. In this current state i would give this game a 5/10. Mediocre.
game-hours: 251.0
review: The games have been getting worse since 2012. This game is no fun to play at all and is incredibly frustrating. As most people have mentioned its buggy. The "new" menu system works for some things (quick access to teams, training etc) but is terrible in others such as the team selection (covered in colours and you have no idea how to even pick a team which results in a steep unnessesary learning curve). Then comes the matches, almost every game goes one of 4 ways. You scrape a win/draw. You dominate and go 2-3 goals up and end up loosing somehow. You thump a team 3 or 4-0 or you get thumped yourself. It doesn't seem to matter if your opposition is better or worse than you those are the outcomes. Mostly you will scrape a draw/win. to make it worse you can thump a team better than you, then get smashed by a team worse than you the next week! The team talks are basically the same, and as poor as the last couple of years but with an apparantly random outcome of mood in your players (until you get repuation which frankly is impossible). The same goes for press confrences which have mostly been poor and a time waster, slowing the game down, and having a completely unknown outcome. Now you have to deal with the press directly before or after a game slowing it further. Just give it to your assitant manager, even though they will say crazy things like Arsenal will win the league when your playing as Tottenham. It may boil down to having to choose you managerial type RPG style which is the worst idea they have ever had. It feels like cheating by giving yourself the highest stats but that is the only way to stand a chance. I don't want to think about my inner workings as a manager/head coach I just want to play the game! It may also come down to learning how your interactions affect the game, this to me is unrealistic and learing how to play a game isn't the same as becoming a better "real life" manager. The one and only positive is the new scouting system, where you need a good couple of weeks/months to get a full picture of the player/s. Though you still need to make sure your scouts are half decent otherwise you'll waste a lot of time and money. Its just annoyingly poor. I haven't even mentined the bugs as there well covered by other reviews. I've played the game since the days of Championship manager but this is terrible, frustrating, and worst of all it's not fun. Don't waste your money.
game-hours: 501.7
review: And there I was thinking it was me!!!! Shame on you guys, the match engine is what everyone else says a load of (I'll let you fill in the blanks) !@#?/! After purchasing every game since discovering it back in 98..............I WANT A REFUND!!!! Do the right thing and give us our money back please!
game-hours: 223.1
review: Actually feel i've been robbed of 30 and angry enough to bother posting a first review. Don't think i've played a CM/FM game that's been this broken before. I've tried playing lower and higher division teams (started 4 games so far and struggled to play even a couple of regular season games) but there doesn't seem to be any consistency in how tactics/ players affect a game. To think i quit my most recent FM14 game 13 seasons in for this...
game-hours: 385.4
review: interface lag ruins it for me. Also, sometimes I feel as if I've been "Fifa'ed" with the whole 35 shots, 19 on target for your team against 3 shots 1 on target and you lose 1-0 or my personal favorite, 35 shots, 19 on target for your team and 2 shots, 2 on target for the opposition and you lose 2-1. Alot of really enjoyable aspects to the game including the engine. Still rather hoping for further upgrades in that department. The sim aspect is wonderful though.
game-hours: 329.4
review: Steam crashes and you lose all your game process, pretty frustrating.. Not worth paying 33-40 euros..
game-hours: 44.2
review: They built a new engine for the matches: graphics are worse, behaviours are worse and physics is ridiculous. Why didn't you keep the old one? I'd better update the database on FM 2012 and be happy. This game isn't terrible, but it's a big downgrade to previous versions.
game-hours: 431.4
review: When you see your GK stop the ball from going out for a goal kick and tap it to the opponents striker, it's time to say "RIP Football Manager, you USED to be a good game". Now if you'll excuse me, I've got much better things to do like watching paint dry.
game-hours: 268.0
review: This game sucks! In the match mode players will just stand and let the opposition get the ball. Goalkeepers will let the ball slip through them, not just once but this happens virtually every game, which it just wouldn't in the Premier Leauge. Defenders just don't tackle and let players run past them. Whatever good work SI have done in the past few years has been un-done by this abomination!
game-hours: 95.0
review: Why don't I ever take notice of all the negative reviews? I should have learned from 2013 and 2014 (which I put hours into) that without any competition for decent football manager games, Sports Interactive were just going to polish a turd and throw it out as "new". I won't go into my injury count after 3 games as most people already make mention to the absurd number of injuries. Now granted I haven't put a lot into this game (well 30 of my hard earned cash was more than enough), but do I really need to put any more time in than I have? It is awful. The same absolute crap they sold last year. It looks a complete mess, it plays like a complete mess and the old "random" effect seems to be back with regards to results. This game is like taking two dice, rolling them and giving scores to each team. Your tactics? Mean nothing. Your squad of players? Mean nothing. You can say this review is based on only 1.2 hours of gameplay and you'd be right, but if you add that to the hours sunk into 2014 (which is pretty much the same) and the fact I've played football manager since it's Championship Manager days I do not need to put more hours into seeing this game fall on it's  over and over like the last 2 seasons. The game has become over complicated to the point that instead of your knowledge of football being tested, it's your patience that this game tests with it's absolute random results. Results like Elche 3 Barcelona 0... followed by Barcelona 5 Atletico 0 and we round off the 3 matches with Barcelona 0 Real Madrid 7 - er... yeah. The same players that got me a 5-0 win also lost to a nothing team by 3, and then destroyed by Real Madrid. Even if I had no tactical knowledge whatsoever in football, Barcelona shipping 10 goals in 2 games whilst scoring 5 in another is just absolute horse s**t. In real life I'd have to put Messi in goal and Neymar on the bench! to ship 10 as Barca! I do prefer to start in the lower leagues mind you, however seeing those results I don't think I like the idea of being hammered 10 or 11-0 every game so stopped short of starting an actual longterm game. I have no doubt there will be players saying "You just don't know what you're doing" to which I'll just get in first with, yes I do - saved you time typing your tired and ill informed response. I have a very good knowledge of footballing tactics, training regimes and how good a player SHOULD be in certain positions based on stats, however this game does not reflect any of that. I also know that too many new players can cause issues with morale and so forth. I understand an over heavy training regime could effect the players performance. I know that a 4-3-3 doesn't work... in any top division. I know that introducing new players slowly to the team is sometimes better than throwing them in with a 90 minute debut. I've read "tips" pages, I've read "FAQ's" I've been playing the series and it's predecessor since 1992 and usually have a great time taking smaller clubs over, and with time building them into bigger clubs.
game-hours: 235.1
review: When games start asking for more money, than the price paid for the game, then we have a problem. I am not saying you have to spend more money.. but for the option to be there.. well its not needed. Its put there for the dummies who are willing to spend in-game money.
game-hours: 130.6
review: DO NOT BUY! Game is flooded with injuries! Unless fixed the game is a waste of 30
game-hours: 153.3
review: im not even able to play the damn game now? horrific glitches throughout the game to begin with and now maybe a week after buying it im not even able to play the game. i click play now and nothing happens? SORT IT OUT.
game-hours: 362.6
review: Been playing FM now for nearly 20 years (way back when it was CM), but this is by far the worsrt version ive evef played( even worse than the version a few years back when everyone got injured) , the AI is terrible, nobody buys your players, you get quoted 25 mil for a player who is then sold for 5 mil to a rival!! match itself has taken a step backwards, players running over the ball in your own box, or gk passing straight to a striker or how about players who simply can not score!!!! Worst of all ive give up 2 5-0 half time leads over team talks!! Wont be buying Fm2016.
game-hours: 108.3
review: Crash Dump everytime. Waste of money as cant play it. Had the same problem with fm05 or 06 but at least with those you could get a few seasons out of it
game-hours: 259.1
review: If you own FM14, save your money.
game-hours: 137.4
review: Another year, same game, same bugs, same problems. They are focusing too much in UI and another things that aren't important, whille the ME is broken The series died in FM09.
game-hours: 273.9
review: Hi, Pro : all the stuff that was shown by developers previous was done: interface, coach experiance, etc... Negative : There are 2 thing that I consider really bad, game results and percentage of shoots on goal, I am wining and loosing games tennis stile, I am wining with 7-0 but also loosing with 7-4... For this, i wouldn't recommend still FM2015 because, beside the updated database, the game is still not a decent evolution form FM2014.
game-hours: 47.4
review: This game is nowhere near as good as previous seasons. They have screwed up on some of the most basic things like for example there are no arrows to scroll down lists, you can't switch between manager profiles properly anymore and things that were easily accessible before i'm struggling to find now. I am also having all the same problems as other people like 3 injured players in 1 pre-season friendly (joke) and after that 1 friendly my game crashed and now wont re-load. I have also bought every football manager since it's split from Champ' Man and this is easily the worst. I sell game's for a living and have always championed FM but from what i have seen so far i am EXTREMELY disappointed and won't be advising others ton get it.
game-hours: 1917.6
review: Sports Interactive has taken a long look at their primary tactical setup and made changes to make it more relatable to their audience and also more analogous to the influence that real-life managers are able to exert. As long as they keep pulling tricks like this, Football Manager is a series that will remain evergreen. But the biggest improvement to this game has got to be the match engine, Year after year were used to the buggy disappointing experience especially for us 3D users, But from what i've seen out of my first play, Currently 18 games into my season excluding friendles i haven't seen 1 bug, Maybe i'm lucky but for a beta that's impressive! It's much more fluid and all of the new animations that have been added has really added to the realism, The new interface has got to be the biggest plus aswell alot more cleaner kinda looks like a andriod tablet set up with the left hand bar down the side, And even when you're scrolling down you're squad list or scout list it feels alot more optimized.. The game has improved big time on processing speeds, I'm running the same size database with the same leagues as before, England, Scotland, Spain, Brazil, Portugal, MLS, France and Germany and the rest of the leagues on view only with a player base of 92,000 which doesn't struggle, Which was one of the down points of FM14 although it was fast there was sometimes you'd be going to you're browser while you were waiting, They've also added a new feature where you can choose you're licence and past playing experience which i found to be pretty amazing, Although i haven't fully understood it yet but i'll be sure to update this when i do, I haven't tried Classic Mode as of yet, But looking foward to having a go at it hopefully they've improved it this year with less clutter and more stats! All in all i have to give this game a 9/10 which is pretty damn impressive for a beta! One last thing.. We still have leaderboards, Was getting scared as i was seeing tons of ruhmours about it not being in this years version but they were proved wrong, Hopefully workshop comes back this year too. I will be updating this once the offical release on Novemember the 7th,
game-hours: 34.5
review: Worst FM ever , even 2013 was way better , so a patch ago , everyone was marking over 4-5 goals per game. They fixed it ok , i can wait a bit , now new patch . Every free kick = GOAL , every corner = GOAL . You dominate all the game and lose vs a corner/freekick. Their goalkeeper is a freaking ninja , yours sucks , attributes don't matter regarding the Goalkeeper. Aguero from Man City is a beast , he can mark goals from every position , i've played countless times vs Man City , apparently Aguero never misses ( I DO NOT EXPECT TO WIN VS CITY, BUT I DO NOT EXPECT TO GET A GOAL FROM EVERY AGUERO BALL TOUCH, yes i did marked him and asked my defenders to break his legs) . This game killed my nerves , i used to play FM 14 for countless hours and not with big teams, i was struggling my way up. Here if you play vs a Big Team , regardless of your tactics , you will concede at least 3-4 goals. Another bug Chelsea has the line throw ups like they are corners, if the opposition player has better stats, your defender will not even try getting the ball, cause that player is IMBA, your defenders will just watch him go around , not even try to get the ball, at least seeing them try and fail would do, not just SEEING THEM TRYING TO STARE THE BALL OUT OF THE OPPOSITION. Else what can i say ? THIS GAME IS NOT WORTH BUYING OR PLAYING, unless of course you wait 20 patches so they can fix every issue , cause they don't have beta testers or if they have , those guys are . This game was a waste of money/time.
game-hours: 109.2
review: I only recently started playing Football Manager again when I bought 2014 and oh boy, is it still addictive. Play FM 2015 with caution, you will be staying up all night and day to see your team win the third division and you will celebrate like you won the Champions League before collapsing in exhaustion as if you had just physically played a whole season of football yourself.
game-hours: 35.4
review: I really love this series of games and have played FM since the 2009 edition. This time they have gone a step down in my opinion. The new layout is okay. The interface bar on the left side instead of the top is a great new thing, but from there on its just worse to be honost. The tactic section is clumsy and very few things are better and alot of things are worse. Besides from that it seems like the match engine is way worse too. Normally there would be some sense of stability, but now i can play as Man City and win 8-0 against Sporting(POR) and then lose againt some 3rd division team 3-6 in the next match. There's an unbelieveable amount of injuries which is so damn frustrating. The search engine has got a makeover that is for the better, although i seem to have a problem finding young players from outside Europe without making the leagues playable. All in all a turn for the worse, but most of the problems could be solved with some updates and maybe a choice to chose the old tactics interface (please??). At this very moment i would not recommend it, but as mentioned it could be very recommendable if some fixes come soon. Over and out. Christian Bang
game-hours: 49.2
review: Worst fm ever..
game-hours: 388.3
review: why you no work?? Bought the disk, not the steam download, what a shocker it is not working. Disgraceful for a game that has been running like this for so long!
game-hours: 213.7
review: horrible cross manager 2015
game-hours: 225.4
review: Match Engine is still absolutely dreadful and it looks as though its been designed by people who have never watched a football match in their entire lives, team instructions are not represented at all during the highlights (goalkeepers and defenders do the usual thing of launching long balls instead of doing short passes) and the players act like complete idiots, wingers shooting from the tighest of angles instead of squaring it to a free team mate for a tap in, Training is still practically the same as the previous versions with a couple of minor tweaks that don't add anything meaningful short, medium or long term. Basically don't waste your money on this, SI are taking the money and having a laugh.
game-hours: 178.5
review: too many injuries until now huft
game-hours: 1765.8
review: terrible game, ive been buying football manager every year for gods know how many years and this has to be the worse one by far... too many bugs even with updates just recently lost all my saved games due to updates, interface is ugly, gameplay is boring... why has it been getting progressively worse each year it should be getting better, im disappointed because i loved this game, good in a way because i wont be wasting my life playing it no more
game-hours: 253.5
review: There is certainly a lot more going on in this years iteration of FM - certain elements have been changed massively from the FM14 look, whilst some have received only a mild tweaking. This tends to be the case nearly every year and dont always result in an improved product The changes made this year have largely been pleasing, although in particular I am not a fan of the new tactics board. It seems like the information I need is still there but it is hidden behind extra menus and mouse clicks, generally creating what feels to me like an inefficient system when compared to FM14. The gameplay has remained largely the same and is familiar to anyone who has spent time with the series. The engine seems to have been improved in some areas and regressed in others, again mirroring previous versions of the game. There seem to be more goals going in, more goals from crosses and set pieces, and more defensive errors. The game also seems harder and learns an inflexible managers tactics rather quickly. I only use the 2D Classic view so cant comment on the 3D match engine, I have never used it or had any interest in it. Fundamentally, its still great fun to build and develop a team, to argue with other managers and to lead your club to glory or glourious defeat. I would definitely recommend this to anyone with more than a passing interest in the franchise and it represents a solid return on investment in terms of new features and gameplay hours.
game-hours: 460.3
review: -too many injury issues.it's been nearly 5 months after released and still nothing changed about injury problems. -lots of ridiculous interview questions.(i've a cup game with a upper league team and they show me cup favorite and ask about lack of dicipline ! wtf ) -you can't have a interaction with a player or a manager without a reason.(like training performance or form of player and you can't make a comment about a manager in many situations). -promises: causes trouble.(i promised a rotation player for "get a first team chance",after this he played sixteen of twenty game and blaimed me for "didn't keep my word") -transfer politics: all my rivals make stupid transfers,lose their power year by year and it makes me win easier leauge and local cups .no challange after 2-3 years.not realistic !! -board:when election comes ; there is no chance of winning election the president who already in charge.even he succeed to win cups and league challenge. -unrealistic transfer prices for young talents.( 7M -20M  for an average talent .if we're talkin' about wonderkid 25M -75M  WTF!!! ) .. some problems i remembered.there are many of them.i corncerned about their company politics " release and let alone community" at least they have enough time for solving this issues. WE NEED UPDATE! p.s: sorry for my grammar,i hope i was clear.
game-hours: 152.3
review: wont be buying football manager 16 as this game is on another level such as price you have to pay for players it can be up 2000% there value, wingers run and gradually slow down then are tackled and if a ball goes over the line it is a goal but according to football manager thats not a goal and what is it with clubs not having the badge plus cup logos and kits all ready included if i pay 30 pound for a game i want the game to have the club logos and cup logos and real names many many thing needed to be improved the acutual 3d game when watched is nothing like football a child could tell that 5/10 need serious improvement to match the price p.s sicki baba
game-hours: 74.7
review: This game is probably the worst ever made.. The skin is confusing, they havent added any new useful options in the game, but worst of all, the game engine..!!! I have never ever, ever!! experienced such a completely useless game engine.. During a match it doesnt matter who you play or whether you play defensive or offensive, the result will always be that the will score at least 2 against you and sometimes you score a lot of goals and sometimes you only score once.. Futhermore your players will be injured half of the time.. Even when you're on a roll and havent lost 5 games in a row, your team will loose to a team in the bottom..! So much wrong with this game that they really have to make a lot of updates.. and quickly.. even if you're a fan of the series this game is a total catastrophy.. play fm 14, 13 or 12 instead..!
game-hours: 43.5
review: This years fm is truly a frustrating experience. My team seems to average about 2 injuries per game, I've been playing reserve players more than my starting 11. The match engine is nice but out of 10 games so far I've drawn at leat 7 1-1. The transfer market is nice but the scouting is terrible and you never get a players full report unless you scout him for months which doesn't help if you're in a bind toward the end of the transfer window. Also it is impossible to take a lower level team in any division and even hope to compete with the top teams. The injuries are by far the biggest problem, seriously people I've played 10 games and have 10 players on my dl already, absolutely ridiculous. The pre-game interviews haven't changed in years and the player-coach relationship still remains as hollow as ever. This game has been on the decline since fm 12.
game-hours: 346.3
review: Poor effort from SI Games. To many bugs & glitches. Game gets worse after every patch.
game-hours: 175.4
review: Microtransactions.... need I say more! will never buy another Footy Manager, they've completely lost the plot with this one.
game-hours: 459.8
review: Honestly they've had problems this year. CONS: - Horrible goalkeeping - Atrocious defensive positioning - Lackluster finishing - Corner glitches - Cannot win headers - You can 65 shots and still end the game without a goal. - Your opponents only need one shot to score - Key Players gets mad because you sold a player with no potential - Ronaldo and Jese are willing to join Arsenal after I finished 6th in my first AND second season.... can't see that happening in real life .... .... .... and worst of all once I start a game it gets boring really quickly (though that's my problem). PROS: - It's a football game
game-hours: 47.4
review: I was more than happy to splash out on fm15 when it was released and looked forward to playing the updated game. HOW WRONG COULD I BE This game is beyond flawed , I gave it half a season first time round then went back to FM14 . I then waited for the January update and went back to it , To find the game slightly more playable only for without warning all the glitches in the match engine to return as soon as I hit November. First ever game with Southampton was horrendous. 4 pre seaons games and I lost Pelle/Tadic/Wanyama and Alderwield all to injuries of 3-4 months. First league game 2-0 up with 10 mins to go at home to Palace. Beat 3-2. There was obviously a fault with the number of serious injuries your team received , I was using all my subs to replace injured or players carrying knocks. My latest save with Lazio has been the final straw. First 6 games - Cessena (a) won 3-0 , Genoa (H) Won 6-1 , Empoli (H) Won 3-1 , Verona (A) won 4-1 , Juventus (a) won 2-1 , Parma (h) won 1-0. Now everything was looking fantastic my team were conceding very few goals , dominating possesion and chances created in every game and the players all seemed to be carrying out there roles as instructed. On top of that Klose was banging in the goals with 8 in his first 6 games. However it was at the Parma game that everything suddenly went horrendously wrong for seemingly no reason. I have to make 3 subs in the first 30 mins because of injury , I then change team instructions to "stand off opponenets" and "stay on feet" apparently that doesnt work and I receive 2 red cards in quick succession. Even going ultra defensive and playing on the counter with 9 men , I still totally outplay Parma but despite creating numerous chances all are fired off target or there keeper starts making wonder saves. I had also signed Victor Valdes on a free transfer so now he was match fit , I put him into my starting 11 in place of a mediocre keeper I did have. Thinking hopefully now i have a decent goalkeeper all should be good. Next 6 games. Udinese (a) drew 0-0 , Roma (h) drew 2-2 , Empoli (h) italian cup Won 2-0 , Ac Milan (a) Lost 1-0 , Torino (h) lost 2-0 , Palermo (a) lost 3-0 Only thing that seems to have improved is the reduction in Injuries to players during matches. That being said i know Lazio are in rome but training must involve swords and be held at the collosium as at least 5 first choice players have missed games with injuries picked up during training . Now surely this cant happen my team that was performing so well has now lost the ability to do anything. Klose has no goals in last 6. I seen penalties missed in the Udinese/Roma and Ac milan games. Players seem to be running in quick sand as the chase down through balls. And world class goalkeeper couldnt catch a cold, His positioning is terrible seems to run out and conceedes all his goals from nothing shots at his near post . The Roma game was nearly the final straw. I had led 1-0 and 2-1 and then watch Roma come back and equalise the next minute. Then go 3-2 up only for it be chopped off. The game is obviously full of glitches and bugs, And to make it worse these now seem to be creeping there way into the updates for Fm14 . Si games and Sega desperatly need to get there finger out and get these fixed as from what im reading in the reviews all the fans of the series are at there wits end with how bad this version of the title is. It does pain me to say this but avoid this game if you are a fan of the series or someone contemplating taking it up as you will be put off for life.
game-hours: 2259.2
review: This game is rank constantly crashes even after reloading, some of the scorelines are unreal a poor game in all 2013 was much better, dont waste your money
game-hours: 62.3
review: I shall try keep this brief as this is making me miss more time in game, I have only played this version and its predecessor, FM 14 was a great game in its own right and not many improvments needed to be done, in my opinion, then I strarted FM 15, straight away you can see the changes esp with the new and improved interface, it does take a little time getting used to but it is alot more in depth, the tactics page, you have alot more options on this giving players more options on how to play, one of the major flaws however in this years edt of the game which i hope they fix with a patch, is how many players get injured in a season, it feels more of an action game that could rival max payne games, my squad lost 3 keepers for 4 months all due to the same injury at around the same time, that is also not to mention all the other injuries i suffered thru the season, I also played an internation competion as England and somehow managed to beat Germany 8 - 2, as much as i loved the sore line to the game and I buzzed for a while, in reality this is not possible, overall the game is very addictive and if you're into these kind of games, a must buy
game-hours: 109.9
review: Do you like hitting the woodwork at least once a game? Do you like players staring at the ball and not running towards it? Do you like helpful messages like "we should put in more crosses as we are dominant in the air" followed by "it is clear our crossing just isn't working today"? Do you like injuries that come in groups? First wiping out all your strikers, then your defenders, etc, etc Do you like opposing GKs saving a ridiculous amount of short range shots while your GK dives the other way? Do you like comebacks about every other game? Do you like last minute winning goals about every other game? Do you like teams asking insane amounts for players? If you like all these things and many other "features" this is the game for you. If you, like me, have been looking for a football management sim and not a football RTS game with a broken match engine this is a huge disappointment and you're better off finding CM 01/02 and download the latest data fix for it.
game-hours: 63.4
review: another crap fm , its got worse and worse every year
game-hours: 451.7
review: I've picked up FM 2015 after 5 years abstinence and i'm hooked again. Match engine has improved since the release with each patch, but again there is still room for improvement. Every new patch states that keeper reactions are fixed but i still fear every shot on goal and slow keeper reactions after the save. Everyone is complaining about tactical incosistency, how you can beat Real Madrid and loose next match against a lower league team, but it's good to change up your formation and tactics from time to time. For me at least it is something that i like and keeps me playing. UI is useful and easy to learn. Overall game speed is ok, i'm usualy playing with 7-8 different nation leagues and didn't experience any lag. I have no complaints on training and youth development. I don't like high transfer values and money spent for weekly/monthly wages but then again that's how it works in reality. Does it have that addiction spice in the whole mix? Yes it does, at least for me it has :). I've been playing FM (old CM) since i was 13 years old and now i'm 35 :). Is it worth 50 euros? No, it certainly is not. But then again i didn't have any problem spending that ammount of money, because i want to support developers for making one of my favourite games :).
game-hours: 94.7
review: Worst 29.99 I've spent on a game. This is my first review, which will probably show, but I felt I had to warn people. I was really looking forward to getting this game and thought it looked amazing when I first started playing it. The stadia and player animation are great, and the feel of the pre-match game itself is good. Training and scouting are easy to manage, as is the creation of friendly matches. Board and player interaction is fine, and I particularly like how whole team chats work. If only I could say the same for the rest of it. I am currently half way through my fourth season and am so frustrated with the game. I've given it a reasonably good chance (check my hours played... Not as many as others, granted, but still quite a bit considering the flaws in the game.) And here I am, sitting ***as usual*** with half my first team medium or long term injured. I've hired better physios, tweaked training to ensure that it wasn't too strenuous and ensured that my coaches were well matched to training routines. Still it's happening. I've checked others' reviews and plenty of people are finding the same. SI need to resolve this. The game is completely unrealistic in this area, and it's spoiling it for myself and others who have, sadly, paid good money for the 'pleasure' of playing it. The other big fault is the performance of goalies when the match engine is running. I mean, a 23 cap goalie with 17/20 for one on ones standing with hands on hips with Messi bursting into the penalty box?? Goalies with high stats for jumping reach and agility unable to reach a chest height shot from a marauding opposition defender?? A new update came in today, and I was hoping at least one of these two problems would be sorted. I played four matches against mediocre sides. 1-2, 0-4, 1-0 (woohoo!) and 0-3. I'm no FM tactical expert, but I'm not by any means a noob or a rookie. I've been playing SI football management games each year since Championship Manager 93 (yep, 1993 <grabs flat cap, pipe and slippers>), have in past games won plenty of back to back promotions, won European trophies and plenty of league championships. I buy players specifically to fit my systems and use their info to adjust strategies. My understanding of tactics can't be that bad. Of all the 20 odd SI games in the original CM/ FM series that I've played, this one is the most inconsistent and most frustrating of all of them. In the four matches played today, in addition to the 6 long/ mid term injured first team players out, I had injuries as follows: Game 1 - CM and WB both out 9-11 days Game 2 - No injuries(!) Game 3 - CM, CD and Lone striker all out between 9-11 days and 3 weeks each. Game 4 - WB out 6 days. Oh... and a training injury to my 2nd best WB - out for 2 weeks from half way between game 3 and game 4. Will probably have wait until FM 2016 before these flaws are resolved. People have been raising them on forums for months now and nothing has been done. However, SI's attention will most likely be firmly on thinking on the next game in the series. Unlikely that anyone from SI will read this, but if they do - remember that people have paid for this game, guys. I'm pretty sure that from what I remember CM and FM games used to be delayed until the match engine was just right. That was worth it. This time, it's been comparatively all looks and no substance, which is a real shame. For now, I'm going back to playing Champ Manager 93-94 on my old Amiga (anyone remember them??)... 18 players called Tadeusz Kruszinski and only English leagues available, but at least it had a match engine that worked!
game-hours: 224.8
review: This game ing sucks, do not buy it. Whatever tactic/formations you play you'll lose games you should win, probably by something like 2-6. Amazing how much this franchise has gone down hill.
game-hours: 120.8
review: this game its to easy.........its totally disapointted.... I prefer FM 2014 than 2015. i thought its gonna be great game......... but its not...............damn
game-hours: 1871.9
review: Full of problems, pretty s**t overall. Better off downloading an updated database for FM14.
game-hours: 139.4
review: dont like it
game-hours: 78.6
review: The most frustrating FM ever. Can batter teams and still lose. Have a 3 goal lead, winning easily and then somehow draw. I'm afraid its all too predictable. For example, was getting beat at home 3-1 by Spurs. Clawed it back to 3 a piece but i knew it was going to let them score a winner in the 90th minute and it did. Really unimpressed and wish i never bothered buying it. If you're thinking about buying it stick with FM2014 because this version is piss poor.
game-hours: 320.3
review: This game keeps having serious errors which crash the game and delete my save COMPLETLY!!!! Getting really annoying and they're contact department are never any help. Massive fan of the franchise but this years effort is poor on the system
game-hours: 42.7
review: I have had football manager since 2010, enjoyed playing iit greatly for years. I enjoyed the ability to micromanage the little things in the game mainly the sliders. If my team was getting scored on a great deal move thedefensive line slider back a few notches of which I had twenty. A few years ago they decided to do away with the sliders but keep them optional to simplify the game. Fine I still have them... The last few years completly gone, and its obvious to anyone who plays the game that the system is exactly the same, the player and team instructions are still moving sliders in the background. So I am at the point where I am just not interested in the game anymore, I am sure there are people out there that like to tinker and micromanage their games, people that enjoy games like Europa Universalis 4 or Crusader kings 2. Football Manager has been one of my favorite games I hope they can listen to their fans and bring back what we all loved about the game.
game-hours: 42.7
review: I have had football manager since 2010, enjoyed playing iit greatly for years. I enjoyed the ability to micromanage the little things in the game mainly the sliders. If my team was getting scored on a great deal move thedefensive line slider back a few notches of which I had twenty. A few years ago they decided to do away with the sliders but keep them optional to simplify the game. Fine I still have them... The last few years completly gone, and its obvious to anyone who plays the game that the system is exactly the same, the player and team instructions are still moving sliders in the background. So I am at the point where I am just not interested in the game anymore, I am sure there are people out there that like to tinker and micromanage their games, people that enjoy games like Europa Universalis 4 or Crusader kings 2. Football Manager has been one of my favorite games I hope they can listen to their fans and bring back what we all loved about the game.
game-hours: 154.3
review: I changed my mind about this game. Yes, it's about injuries. The injuries are annoying. So annoying. Many my players injured. After one player return to training, one other player injured. Yes, it's injury simulator for now.
game-hours: 163.1
review: I dont know how to break this news to anyone... especially SI-games.. if they are even interested enough to read these reviews. but .. Well i sort of rolled into FM back in 2010... which is not as long ago as some of you, but long enough to make a valid opinion i think. I really do am glad that the time of cardboard public around the field is history, believe me. I usually play FM when i wake up.. and am in no way, shape, or form, capable to play any action game whatsoever, being as old as i am... So I love to start my day with FM... to each his own right ?... you should know... I once was a rather fanatical Ajax fan.. started out at 7 years old... but those times are over since 1997... Ajax utterly ruined that... and destroyed their true fans in the process.. I still love the game though.. eventhough these days... it seems to me more like a bussiness with emplyees, then a a club with club-honor, and real die-hard fans. ... and sorry to say... FM mirrors that a bit... But let me tell you first of all.. i HATE Mandatory. Something from my youth no doubt. And the mandatory team chat of FM14 was a sharp pain to live with... i usually did those with my eyes closed, and got out at the first chance i got... not even knowing what i just said i wanted to hear... Now.. in FM15.. when you finally have a first team together that plays well.. like each other, win more games then they lose... chances are that some damn SNOT-NOSE from the second or 3rd team comes asking for first-team foortball.. sigh. you look at his stats and just laugh.... I have been a footballer myself, some time ago, obviously... on quite a high level even, mind you.. even played for Ajax a few weeks... before i failed the medical... but i wouldnt have dared go to the first team manager and ask him to be in his team or.... ill be unhappy ?...... HA.. he would recommend me to cry a while on my mommy's lap.. or if that wouldnt be good enough... give me the number of a good shrink, and send me off with a slap on the back of my head... And quite rightly so... In past FM games i never gave them the time of day.. IF anyone was any good, his own trainer or my chief schout would tip me of on his existence or progress... and that was it... NOW.. in FM15.. it is MANDATORY to speak to this snotnose... REALLY ?.... and if i decline.. half my team will be saying that i handled him unfairfly... so gone balance, gone ... ARGGGHHH..., And then i havent told you about, that if you have a really important game.. 90% chance your best striker will tear a muscle on the trainings field.. one or two days before the match... and will be unavailable... for 3 BLOODY MONTHS. Have i told you yet how many times one of our stikers is offside in one single game ?... 10723548303-times... thats how many.. Now... i seen enough games.. been to games... played enough games... to know that this is utterly unrealistic at best.. and plain imposible usually... If my midielder launches a long ranged shot... it comes back from the opposite team keeper who could only parry it... and my striker scores from the rebound... IT is not offside.... Thats a blatant lie... The whisle goes, and the comments say the whisle had already gone.... NO .. it did not... it just went... So even IF my striker was offside, your bloody whistle should have been going the second the ball left my midfielders foot... not a minute later when my stiker scores the rebound... You incompetent . Besides... Half my players look like in albinos... white as snow... very irritating... Also players warp all over the field on occasion... which is rather immercive breaking, up to the point where it is rediculus... I know... you can not win all games.. that should be obvious to anyone... (Unless you cheat) But when spirits are high, moods at at top level... every one in the team is top fit and inspired to win... there is NO BLOODY WAY, that my team suddenly cant play anymore... passes wrong, misses headers, gets yellow and red cards all over the place... THERE IS NO.. BLOODY... WAY.... Sure.. even with everything good and in place... then we could still lose the game.. it happens... but not with a team that looked like i just fielded a 3rd team of incompetant todlers.. that seemed completely incapable to even hit a ball.. let alone pass it right... Okay.... Those who know me, know i will always give you the truth as i see it... which, obviously, isnt the ultimate truth... what is ?.... but.... after having played FM15 for as long as it is out... and having played FM10 -FM11 - FM12 - FM13 and FM14 to death... i simply cannot recommend FM15 and live with myself. I love this game.., i really do... but i hate FM15.. still.. i do not regret buying it, simply because i have gotten so much pleasure out of the previous installments that i dont mind giving the folks at SI some donation... But i think i will go back to FM14.. and hope FM16 will be better.... Or maybe.. even FM15 with some patching... who knows ?.... But as things stand.. i CAN NOT Recomend this version of Football manager to anyone... unless you are a masocist.. So.. I am sorry SI.. but i simply can not.. Guys and girls.. do yourself a faviour.. stay on FM14 .. Or if you are new to this game... buy FM14.. not FM15.. trust me.. you wont regret it... FM15 is one long big pester campaign... made to ruin your day completely... It is in no way any fun... and it will put you off on one of the best, if not THE best football manager simulation games around... i am sorry to say. (Edit) The latest patches have really done some good to this game... I can now sometimes stomach it sometimes... if not too long... ill keep FM14 installed for now.... But.... Keep up the good work SI.. and maybe one day i might have to change my review to a more positive recomendation... One can only hope...
game-hours: 11.0
review: Literally any interface feature you can think of from fm2014 got screwed up. Search function is incredibly laggy, and slow and makes it unable to use. Lots of options that I frequently use are now many more clicks away. The new interface is just not practical, have to click so many times and feels so much slower to play than the 2014 version. I'm not gonna get myself any more annoyed by the stupid design of this game. For someone who spent hundreds of hours having fun with the 2010-2014 versions of the game, I won't even play this version more than the 10hrs I did untill now, unless they make a decent interface like in fm 2014. SI, you just lost a FM-fan. Also I had to wait for a few updates and change the game preferences to make it even playable at all, weeks after purchase. Goodbye 50 for !
game-hours: 121.3
review: Broken game give me my 61 hours back!
game-hours: 1422.4
review: UNREALISTIC
game-hours: 198.2
review: Like any gamers mention, It really disappointing. Defender won't chase the ball, player suddenly fell down without being tackle, ball bounce off of your player and then goes straight in to own goal (REALLY!!!???), during the match the players just standing around the ball doing nothing making donuts move. OMFG.
game-hours: 93.9
review: Short and Sweet, You will concede 98% of your goals through the Crossing/Corner/Free kick fault. No matter how many you score you can guarentee the other team, no matter their stature can and probably will pull it back to win by 2 or 3.
game-hours: 163.6
review: - I won the league with the best Goals for and Goals against in League 1. - Near post corner bug clearly isn't going to get patched, I conceded 4 near post corners in 5 minutes game time *Script error*. - I'd happily take the money back but I purchased this at a store and i've now activated it.. - Way over priced. - Way too many high scoring games. - Set yourself a good formation, the cpu will exploit you in ways you didn't no was possible. - In a game with Birmingham, I bid on like 10 players from Africa, all 10 I had to try convince to join me with a private chat, all 10 chats failed. - I've completed 11 years on this game in total, I've won leagues, got promotions, so my review will be fair based on my experience. - Numerous times i'd be almost guaranteed for a top 6 finish, then i'd win one in the next ten and narrowly miss out on the play-offs. - When you change formation constantly in a game, it unsettles your players, when the cpu changes formation three times in one match, they come from how many goals down. - When your doing bad, you have no idea why.. I was top with Bolton, ten games later im 14th but every player still had good or better morale. I've always played football management game since the 90s, Football Manager for me is still the most unenjoyable one. - Too long still, way to much time consuming to get through a season. - Player interaction on it is best left alone (I'm pleased with your training level. Your club facilities are stopping me getting better) morale effected, performance effected, results effected. - Tactical importance on this game is way to much, you can beat Real Madrid then the next game, Walsall could dominate you, even win you. For anyone thinking about getting this game, I would wait until you can get it for 10. I see nothing to convince me that FM16 will be better. My overall ratings for it (of 10); Time value: Could be slower, if I had a bad laptop it would be 1. 3 Tactics imput: Outclassed by lower league sides. 2 Team Talk efffect: Don't see the point in it, to keep morale up? It's a game not real life. 3 Enjoyment: Only when your winning, on Pes 2015, win or lose, it's still enjoyable 4 Transfer system: Trying to convince those 10 players to join me? Ridiculous, they was on 600 a week and so on. 4 My rating for FM 2015: Too time consuming still, unrealistic results, injury bug still even after year after year of FMs, near post corner bug, losing to poor lower league sides due to being tactically outclassed, I was doing well in the league, then I meet 24th place, I lose, I meet 23rd, I Draw, I meet 22nd, I lose, then in the Cup, I play a non-league side, 3-0 down at MY stadium, with a good decent paced. creative strong attack, good defenders 13+ everywhere attributes, 5 I'll still play it because it's football manager, but for anyone thinking of buying it, don't. Until the price is reallly down.
game-hours: 175.0
review: I want to like it. Really, I do. But i'm struggling for a variety of reasons... The new interface is nice, I'll give it that. But when you sign three new players in preseason and it injures all of them in a friendly you start to think it's gonna go badly, and then it does. The game is just so hateful, a fresh injury every game, keepers fumbling the ball into their own net in the last minute against bottom of the league, a 5* striker who couldnt hit a barn door from two yards, half the squad whinging because I sold a terrible 16 year old fullback for a million quid... the list goes on. I'll persevere a while yet, hopeful that it'll improve, maybe they'll update the match engine and give me a chance. But if they don't, I'll go back to FM14 and write this off as 30 wasted.
game-hours: 67.9
review: bad!
game-hours: 176.0
review: I buy FM every other year, so can only comapre it to 2013. I think the layout of menus has improved (although it takes a little while to get used to). Interactions with players, staff and media is a lot better. I wouldn't say that the match engine is vastly inferior to 2013. I recommend this
game-hours: 303.5
review: Worst FM ever by a long shot
game-hours: 22.6
review: I was losing all games with AC Milan, could not get my head around it. Tried several tactics, changed focus and training, talked to players, motivated them, took care of shape and condition. Zero goals, almost all losses. I took over the weakest team to play against myself, asked my assistant about starting 11, set no tacticts, gave no orders, ignored everything and I won against AC Milan 4-2! This makes no sense at all. And all goals are from crosses! And jeez, too many injuries!
game-hours: 589.5
review: Fix this game! Everybody said what is wrong, just fix it!
game-hours: 38.7
review: WARNING: DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. I've been a loyal fan of FM for almost a decade now. This is by far the worst fm ever produced. Loading the menu screen is slow, network games have become intollerable because of the lag, and the injuries have become so frequent that it borders on the absurd. They had one job to do all year since the last fm, which was to update the squads and update the scouting stats. Now I'm angry at Valve for having a no refund policy.
game-hours: 843.5
review: constant runtime errors, have done everything recommended to fix the problem but it still persists after a few games. There are problems with this game every single release i had decided not to buy this year as it is a total pain every year waiting for all the bugs to be fixed. As usual it will be January before the game is playable..............stop releasing broken games.
game-hours: 6.5
review: Unplayable, its seruously bugged, please sort out asap. I'm on a Mac and my friend has it on PC, it looks like two different games, block of black all over the screen, and now when i load it up its has the EULA agreement which it won't let me agree to, so i can't play the game. I thought there was a point to Alpha and Beta realeases? Worst 30 i've ever spent.
game-hours: 376.0
review: Sports Interactive have really made a mess of this game. If you dont want to have a stroke because Burnley are playing like Real Madrid and your keeper parries the ball to opposition feet then avoid buying it. Far too many injuries leaving you to play with your worst players, tactics you set seem to be ignored. Players are too easily offended. If ......and it's a big IF you get things going your way you'll soon be slapped back down again by overall poor performances or injuries. Awful. Players also moan too much about game time which puts everyone on their period and you have to walk on egg shells. My god if I could swear on this I would. I have an Alienware PC and with FM14 I could set the graphics to highest settings and it would play smoothly all day long, this PC eats up the system requirements and asks for seconds but on FM15 (exactly the same requirements) I have to leave it on medium otherwise the match engine struggles! I've loved all the FM's and it rarely disappoints but FM15 has really let me down. Angry with it in fact. Extremely disappointed with it. I'll return to FM14 to allow my blood to come off the boil and simmer
game-hours: 73.8
review: Crash dump error!!
game-hours: 17.7
review: Crap game.
game-hours: 180.0
review: Buen juego... pero lamentablemente los resultados de los partidos estan tocando lo ridiculo. Hubo partidos que gane 8 a 0. Y el mismo dia hubo resultados de 6 a 4 y 7 a 5 Esto es futbol o tenis?. Deben corregir esto y pronto porque sinceramente te quita las ganas de jugar. Good game... but sadly the match results are ridiculous. There were some games that I won 8 - 0. And in the same day there were some final results like 6-4 and 7-5 Is this futbol or tennis?. They should fix this soon because honestly... after this issue nobody wants to keep playing the game.
game-hours: 42.8
review: I've played until the end of the January transfer windows in my first season in the Premiership. Basically, my opinion is that the game has no realism as previous FM's have been. The game is competely full of injuries, penalties and high scoring games that would simply no happen in real life. Having read reviews of other gamers of FM15, it would appear that I'm not alone on this. A update is badly needed for this!! As for the 3D match engine, it looks like a cross between table top football and subbuteo.... Fm has been using the 3D match engine for many years now, and it would appear that it has hardly been improved despite all the techology available these days. I'm afraid that the game is no longer enjoyable. I would recommend anyone sitting on the fence about buying it to avoid it. Stick to FM14 until they sort this out.
game-hours: 415.1
review: been playing this game for more then 15 years, from back when it called championship manager, this will be the last year i bought it, there are almost no improvements and i am deeply dissapointed in that, i was a big fan.
game-hours: 180.0
review: PLZ sort out these stupid red cards every game and injurys really makin me not want to play it
game-hours: 267.6
review: The only game where over half of your players will get injured every ing time they play
game-hours: 128.7
review: Watching the matches definately ranks up there in some of the most frustrating things you've ever seen. And the defensive tactics are seriously flawed, was 8th in the prem with newcastle and needed some points on the board. So after going 3-0 to west ham(16th) up i hit up my 4-1-4-1 contain tactic, just to not conceed and see the game out with 3 points(35mins remaining), not in football manager 2015, after making my last 2 subs to suit the new formation I pick up 2 injuries and down to effectivley 9men, then draw 3-3. And that is barely the tip of the iceburg.
game-hours: 448.6
review: FM used to be a great football manager, now it has become a great kindergarden manager, if that is what you are looking for. Trying to keep footballers happy will either drive you insane or push you towards the ultra-vanilla classic mode. I wouldn't mind a slightly less realistic game if it was slightly more enjoyable to play.
game-hours: 235.4
review: This game contains a lot of detail. Compared to other football games such as FIFA and PES, this is surperior in team managment, transfer negotiations and it also contains meetings and press confrences (which you can skip if you`re not to fond of that sort of stuff). This game i great mate, 8/8
game-hours: 130.6
review: I was thinking that this game will be a simple copy of FM2014. It is not. And it is better. I can't say that is a lot of new improvements because it's false. However, there three main important things. - New interface (left-side useful navigation) - New tips and very intuitive - A new physics motor more realistic So, if you like watching some matches then buy it !
game-hours: 327.2
review: A really great game
game-hours: 731.6
review: Great Game!
game-hours: 105.1
review: Waste of my time and money. I should have known after a mediocre fm 14 this wasn't gonnabe an improvement. I loved these games once, all the way back to the very first cm ever. The last one I enjoyed must have been fm 11 or earlier. The more new game additions, the more bugs and crashes, match engine sucks, 3D is awful ( never seen a player skip sideways on a pitch before). It's ok to add 3D, but do it right or not at all. I don't think I'll buy another fm for a while. Can't enjoy this, I think i have Champman 04/05 on an old pc. I'll play that, 10 year old game is much better than this terrible bugfest.
game-hours: 56.1
review: the most unrealistic simulation game ive ever played, where your every move has zero affect on the outcome. if you are a chelsea fan this is the game for you - they have gone totally unbeaten after season one and conceeded only 10 goals. yeah so thanks for the super realistic engine FM
game-hours: 7.3
review: DOESN'T WORK AND SPORTS INTERACTIVE HAVE NO CLUE HOW TO HELP ME. HOW DO I GET A REFUND??
game-hours: 177.5
review: DO: Play this game if you like bashing your head against your keyboard whenever your defense plays a horrible backpass and the other team scores DON'T: Play this game if you want to have a social life
game-hours: 26.3
review: Fantasic game improves every time and going to get better than fifa
game-hours: 79.2
review: i've been playing FM from 99/00. this is my favorite game and each year i'm buying it legaly as my little part of supporting Sega to continue and devlop thier product. this year, for the first time, i'm playing it on OS X and not Win PC. i have a new Macbook Pro Retina Display with great specs. nevertheless, the game works really bad. it's very slow, i can not load more then 2-3 leagues in order for it to work reasonably, the matches themselves works afwal - even in 2D classic mode. and, evrey time i close the game, it crushes and i'm sending a report to Apple. have to say i'm very disappointed, and the whole experince isn't working for me. i'd be happy to get a response on what should i do, and even love it more to get a patch/version release to the game that i love so much.
game-hours: 14.6
review: rubbish
game-hours: 50.5
review: It wont even start on my computer. Problem after problem. A waste of cash
game-hours: 59.2
review: dont like the new lay out why change everything
game-hours: 76.4
review: Arrived today. Was pretty excited... but feel a bit disappointed. The interface is awful! It is definitely not an improvement. The bos advertises new features, but fails to let you know they have removed a few features and made the interface virtually un-navigable!
game-hours: 1555.9
review: I`ve been plying this game from the very 1st version of championship manager on floppy disc snd this is without doubt the worse version sver The match engine needs a complete overhaul and unkess sports interactive get their collective heads out of their arses and sort it out I`ll never buy it again especialy of steam where the price remains to high for to long found out to late i could get it on disc 20 almost anywhere
game-hours: 531.2
review: I have to play game 5x to win even though i had 50 compared to their 2-3 shots.I understand not having luck but this is ridiculous.It's made to get u pissed off.If you want to keep your nerves don't buy it.I am playing manager since season 2002 and seeing direction they are taking it i will never buy it again.
game-hours: 177.6
review: Way too many injuries. Played as Manchester United as my first save as is tradition. Before my first game of the season Falcao, RVP, Rooney, Mata, Di Maria, Jones and De Gea were all injured. This carried on throughout the entire season.
game-hours: 206.3
review: Crashed all the time!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 85.3
review: I'm playing FM since the old CM 2000/2001 every year and this is the worst FM ever!! Half of the squad injured, the tactic did work in the first season but in the second and third I have results like in the lottery and I didn't change the whole squad only new players who plays FM knows that this is unrealistic to have such results when you u once have found your perfect tactic. This are the main bugs but there are a lot of more that's probably the lack of competition between the producers of football managers.
game-hours: 209.6
review: terrible ! black patches on screen even after update. played on cause i love the fm's but the whole feel of it is poor. frustrating as hell !
game-hours: 25.5
review: Vert good football manager simulation, but a game that costs 50 cannot have this column disappearing bug that makes the game unplayable. Now I cannot see my roster. Totally unacceptable.
game-hours: 99.2
review: i have to start this review by saing i have had every version since the championship manager 92/93 game on my old Amiga 500 i loved the football manager games since they split in 2005 i think the first title was i have logged 1000s off hours over the last 10 years although this one not so much! i have this title but oh boy oh boy this game has caused me to file for divorce as off the other day i could not believe what happened ok i was 7-0 up at half time with Arsenal in the champions league play off 1st leg against some obscure european side i can't pronounce let alone even attempt to spell and what do you think happened by full time????? thats right it finished 7-7 i turned the game off and will not be returning to it also there is the constant injuries and know matter how good your team is or how great ur tactics are u will lose to the worst teams constantly i mean if this is how the future of football manager is heading i for one will not be returning in the future. save your money!
game-hours: 683.5
review: I read all the negative reviews before getting this game but I bought it anyway to see for myself. That was in early December. I still havent been able to get a good save going yet despite my best efforts. For some unknown reason, the better the club you choose, the more injuries you get. (Anything from 1-4 injuries a game in the Prem). Anyone who has played previous versions of the game will know that the interface has always been a bit boring but really easy and handy to know where everything is. In 15, they've taken into account the slightly uninspiring interface but have shuffled it all about really badly and you have to re-learn where everything is, the main top bar has been moved to the left side of the screen...it's just confusing. FM 15 takes their 'You will concede 2 or 3 in stoppage time' rule to the next level, its virtually impossible to hold on to a lead. It doesn't matter if your team has great composure, bravery, team work, concentration etc, you will always concede goals in the final minutes. Basically, if your team is 1-0 up at the 75th minute mark, you may as well turn your computer off. I was playing as Man City. On three occasions I was 1-0 up in the 85th minute. I did three different things each time. 1st game - I dropped back and defended my lead. I lost 2-1. (Vs Stoke) 2nd game - I pushed up and uninvited pressure, I played the offside trap. I lost 3-1 (Vs West Brom) 3rd game - I changed to a 6-5-0. Every player on the pitch went into a defensive position to block the goal. I lost 2-1. (Vs Crystal Palace) It happens 9/10 times. Fair enough but when it happens so frequently its just screams 'broken'. You end up losing your lead in a burst of sudden energy from the other team. What makes it happen? Its almost half scripted. If im ahead at half time I always think to myself 'It doesnt matter, ill still lose'. I downvote this game because it is simply against you. Not in a challenging way but in more of a ' you' way.
game-hours: 225.8
review: My FM crashes on the 1st July 2015 & the Error is error 41! How to i solve it??
game-hours: 61.3
review: Last Football Manager that I have purchased. On my last generation i7 laptop the game runs very slow in holliday, also the match results are very random.
game-hours: 705.6
review: don't buy this game, and please stop spending money in the next football managers so that they really change something and bring on the thrill to play manager simulators!
game-hours: 4.7
review: I am turning back to FM 2014, loving it so much. Sory but 2015 is terrible.
game-hours: 150.0
review: awful game,full of match engine problems as well as thousand of in game difficulties!!!not recommended,not going to take it anymore!!
game-hours: 194.2
review: Please help i have downloaded this game and when i go into new career i get numbers instead of words!!i have looked everywhere to try and find the solution? the numbers looks like this *346970* and they are always different numbers. HELP!!
game-hours: 3.2
review: Horrible New Layout. Take a lot of time to get use to the new keys, buttons. Might as well switch back to play 2014.............................................
game-hours: 241.4
review: Bought this game at Christmas. I bought the download version. When I play a match, there Is no sound. Sometimes when I validate the game cache, sound does play In match. Having to verify my cache everytime I want to play a game Is not good, due to the fact that It rartely works, and takes a while. I went Into game, the guy tried to send me packing, telling me the usual nonsense that It wasn't bought there etc. Anyway, to cut a long story short, the guy phoned up someone (Steam maybe) and I was told to contact them with my order number/date etc. It's now been 6 days, and I still have had no reply. This Is shocking. The game was purchased on the 25/12/14. It Is now 14/01/15 and my game Is still not even being looked Into. Also, I have read a lot of bad reveiws/bugs upon researching ways to fix the sound. If you want to be treated like this, then this game Is for you.
game-hours: 0.3
review: rubbish cant even upload the game and get started!!!
game-hours: 9.3
review: I was really disappointed with the previous Football Manager (2014) so I couldn't bring myself to pay out of my own wallet for it this year. I got this as a gift for Christmas and thought "You know what, lets give Sports Interactive another chance." I started as unemployed and took the Morcambe job in the middle of the season, I spent the best part of an hour and a half setting up training, bringing in coaches, creating a good tactic and getting to know my squad. Within 20 minutes of my first match my keeper catches a lazy effort from 30 yards out, only to turn around stroll back into his own net with the ball clutched in hands. Quit game, Uninstall.
game-hours: 647.6
review: I can't recommend this game despite it improving in many ways from previous versions. The reason for this is the focus on player interaction this year. Players have always got unhappy for not getting enough game time, too much competition etc. This year not only does this happen more frequently but often without any justification. You then get to try to talk them round which almost always ends in half the squad becoming unhappy. At this point team morale is very low (meaning you lose a lot) and the only way to turn this around is to try and sell most of the team before you get sacked. Hopefully SI will fix this in the next patch.
game-hours: 50.8
review: I can't say it's a good game. Well, to be fair, not a good SOCCER game. I played FM since it was still called CM (CM3). I had a good memory with the series, but this game seems to be ridiculous. The first thing is the injury. My AMC, 2 MCs and 1 Winger in the first broken their legs/ribs during my first season. My striker was injured frequently. I never see a real team has a such bad condition. Second, the defending system is poor. I can not stop AI scoring, sometimes just from no reasons. They can shoot from 30 yards and scored. They can easily score after 45 mins, no matter I asked my team to be focused or I praised them and asked them to keep up. I set a counter mind, they scored. I played defensive games, they scored. I contained my lads in the box, they still scored. I lost countless games when I was leading by 2 or more goals (like I said, I can't stop AI scoring). The only comfort is that sometimes, I can score a lot either. BUT having games like 4-4, 5-6, 4-3 every 2 or 3 weeks is not normal at all. I don't use big clubs, but it never troubled me in previous versions. Now the game is not fun to me anymore since I don't want to start in a big club. Perhaps using a rich club and buy expensive players will solve the problem? I can see that they put a lot of attention in setting the so called 'interaction' part. I have to take interviews in order to get a job. More players wanted to talk to me for personal issues. These are fun. But there were still some bugs. Some players wanted to talk to me to ask for a leave. Fine, I asked them to stay. But they insisted to leave. Ok, I clicked their names to double check the coach report to make sure whether I still need the player. Great, I wanted him to stay, so I clicked back in order to continue the conversation. Wait... What do you mean 'I have spoken to the player?' Several days later , other players will blame me because I treated the one talked to me badly. What the heck? Seriously? Remember, the MOST IMPORTANT aspect of FM is the soccer simulation. You will continue losing players like me if you still maintain such a terrible match system.
game-hours: 114.9
review: I pre-ordered the game a few moneths ago and had been desperately excited for it ever since. However, i have to say it is probably the worst version in years. I appreciate the need to change certain aspects of the gamplay and format in order to develop and move forward, but I'm afraid to say that this attempt has, if anything, moved the game backwards. Don't get me wrong, I will still play it religiously and undoubtedly enjoy it in the process as I have done over many years now, but I can't help but feel disappointed with the outcome of this seasons product.
game-hours: 205.4
review: bought original game and got a crash dumps error. No topic have solved the problem in the forums. No help from anywhere. Don't even buy game. t is waste of money!!  am so regretfull. Shame on you fm producers and steam employee
game-hours: 81.8
review: Get the snacks ready guys, this is going to be a long one... Ive been playing FM properly since '09 and this visually is definately the most pleasing on the eye, although it is expected with most games that are in a series, each year graphics improve etc.. but ive noticed in previous years the creators talk about "Our new and improved match engine!!!!!!" whereas, in reality, it isnt much different but i have to admit, this year there is a difference. The '3D' match engine is actually really evident! Football manager to me was always a game that every part of it seemed as close to realism as it could yet when it came to the matches it just let the whole feel of realism down a touch. The players movement looks better, the shooting, passing, diving, tackling all just looks better, although i dont think they thought through the appearence of players that well.. e.g. Aaron Cresswell (West Ham Left Back) had ginger hair in my game? The interface of the menu screens has had a huge revamp, in previous years the interface had hardly changed and it kind of made me question in what is the point in buying a game that looks the same, just maybe updated teams (hence the reason i stopped buying FIFA) but this game actually looks like a new game, to a certain extent. The originial 'drop down bar' which is now down the left side of the screen is a great feature, with added tabs in the bar it makes navigating around quicker which for me makes the game more enjoyable, but that is just a personal preference. Im not sure if its to do with the game itself but from the last time i played FM14 until now i had upgraded my PC and bought a high-end graphics card so the general visual aspects of the game may vary depending on your own PC's GPU but for me it looks great, especially with the added Facepacks, Bages, Kits etc. The actual features of the game have been improved aswell, the tactics screen has had a complete change to selecting players and player roles, including new roles, which once i got use to the functions of it all seemed like a good way they have upgraded from the normal tactics, drag and drop & click 2 buttons, done. I havent played as much as some but long enough i think to make a judgement on the game and i appreciate that the game is still in BETA and will have some bugs, like 9 of my first squad players getting injured in pre-season and my CB getting sent-off 4 game he played in a row, but come November 7th on full release i think we will all have a fantastic game to enjoy for the next 12 months, be it if your a experienced FM player like myself or if its the first time picking up the game & if you are a "Newbie" little tip for you, Coaches will save your season! but anyway guys, work tommorow and its way past my bed time, hopefully we can all enjoy this new FM installment! Cherriooo :)
game-hours: 195.0
review: It's just not ready. I really like the new look, sidebar, scouting, match graphics it's all very nice. It's going to be a great game. It's playable but I wouldn't start a long term save until some of the problems get sorted out. Injuries, for some, are out of control. Crosses are overpowered, Too many long range shots, too many goals a lot of 5-0, 7-4 games. Every year you get a release that needs to be patched before you can fully enjoy it. This year is no different. You see a lot of people upset and give bad reviews, understandable. If I paying for a game I want a finished product. I'm half way into a Chelsea save and have seen a lot of injuries early when the players were out of shape, training was heavy and tactics were fast. After some tweaking they stopped. I am seeing overpowered crosses, Terry scores a hattrick! Some high scoring games. Once those issues get patched, hopefully soon and not Feb, which seem to be just adjustments this game is going to be a great game. Buy it, check out the new features, get all your pics and logos ready, test out tactics and play a few test games so you'll be ready.
game-hours: 221.4
review: There aren't any spectacular changes since 2014, imho ... not worth more than 10Euro. Since 2013 I haven't seen any kinda revelations .... so sad SI :(
game-hours: 204.6
review: Game keeps crashing and is unplayable despite trying all the recommended fixes. Getting support for this game is also insanely difficult.
game-hours: 69.0
review: Having put in 1000 or so hours into the 2011, 2012, and 2013 versions altogether, I can safely say that Football Manager 2015 is the worst I've played so far. And not worst as in its still enjoyable, worst as in its just not a good or fun game anymore. Something has been changed since those games that I can't explain. Sides with the best defence in the leage concede 4 in the first 10 minutes of the game; the top 4 teams in real life lounge around in lower mid table positions; youth players ask for wages of a consistent first team player. And the match engine, dear god the match engine. Players are clearly fouled but the referees do nothing. Players simply stand and watch as others walk past them. Tackles are so few and far between that I'm not sure playing defenders is worth it. And scores with 8 goals or more are not nearly as rare as they should be. If you want to play football manager, get 2012 or 2013. Because this one sucks.
game-hours: 150.0
review: Two main things really get me angry about the FM series. First off the match engine is not something to be expected for a anno 2014 game. Without getting more detailed, it is obvious that SI doesn't want this to be improved, as modern technology at tjis point really could offer something a hundred times better. Wake up SI, we're not Handheld here. PS: praise the lord that this sh*t is still better than EA's Fifa Manager.... . The second most important thing for me is the pretty low amount of team licences offered by the game. This really bugs me because, even if you play a manager game for the management style, you still have that favorite team, it really bugs me how SI doesn't have team licences for First Division teams across Europe....
game-hours: 239.9
review: i very bored with engine. i can't win trophy if iforget save before match. ai very cheat. i never played more than 30 minute per time. because i angry with engine. and i say"i will not buy football maneger again"
game-hours: 177.2
review: no to new interface no to bugs no to resticted interaction
game-hours: 814.8
review: new update made all players movements bad.
game-hours: 124.4
review: Torrented it, played a lot, amazing game, buy it to give developers money. 10/10
game-hours: 1.5
review: Jos Mourinho just won Premier League with Chelsea in 2015, then decides to apply for Everton manager vacancy only to end up at Napoli. Carlo Ancelotti leaves Real Madrid for Tottenham. Andr Villas-Boas leaves Zenith for Fiorentina only to declare interest for Atltico Madrid job a couple of days later...very realistic, NOT! Argentine Premier League rules are totally fictional, etc. SI Games seem to have totally lost its mojo with this game.
game-hours: 577.9
review: Could be better. Its not that bad, but it may not be worth purchasing if you already own FM14. Don't bother buying the In-game editor dlc, the "freeze attributes" option will magically untick every once in a while. Besides it kills the enjoyment of the game to make all a player's attributes 20.
game-hours: 671.9
review: Honestly, I've been purchasing this game for 9 years now and HONESTLY I don't understand why players are NEVER fit. Several of my players even the non-injury prone players seem to repeatedly die on the pitch. United seem to be able to be in the relegation and still win champions league I mean HONESTLY utter crap too many offside goals and star ratings aren't realistic
game-hours: 144.9
review: this is the biggest piece of  you've created so far, tarnished your series with this absolute shambles of a creation. No logic, no realism, nothing.
game-hours: 24.1
review: Having played twenty-something hours I'm giving up on this and going back to FM2013. No more horrible interface, with ugly blocky colours, overuse of logos, and player faces that cannot be turned off. No more players sulking for no reason. No more rugby score games. No more daft injuries.
game-hours: 402.6
review: Constant crashing issues, not just the game closing but also ends up closing steam. Ive never had an issue running a FM game since now. This needs to be fixed
game-hours: 3.7
review: Will not be buying aymore of these.This one is basically the same as last seasons.Dont waste yer money on this,its a total rip-off to us loyal FM fans
game-hours: 153.8
review: Terrible Here's why. Half way through my first season on my Mac, I had players who wants a pay rise, but there isn't any options to tell them no, or to wait for awhile. Then the player gets upset and the squad harmony tanks. Problem with SI games is that they don't bother fixing bugs like this for a long time :( Sigh.
game-hours: 67.5
review: When reading about the reviews of this game i thought it would be bad but it is acutally very fun and isnt as bad
game-hours: 125.1
review: You want to pay for the Football Manager 2014 with not even all updates of season 2014/2015 ? Pay Football Manager 2015. Thanks gods non-offcial updates exist.
game-hours: 141.4
review: 9 out of 10 players scored their first ever goal against my team. 9 out of 10 teams scored a goal to ruin my clean sheet in the last minute. I'm mad but I love this game, because it's the only way to lead Liverpool into a Premier League title and a proper treble. #RodgersOut #FianzaIn
game-hours: 67.9
review: Worst fm ever. Don't buy ! Even on sale. There is nothing to enjoy, nothing realistic. Yes, there's good new features i think. But the fundemantels are missing. I'm a fm fan for like 15 years, i played every version of it and i say there is no fun and no realism. Only thing you'll experience in this game injuries. 5 in one match or 3 players goes between matches etc. I'm telling you don't throw your money out and don't buy this one..
game-hours: 18.0
review: Was finally due to the sale price enticed to buy the game. Got pretty excited. I found the new layout to be quite nifty. Interactions were nifty. And then it got to the point where I was taking a closer look at my favorite club (which is at point of writing at least still in the top 50 of biggest European clubs . The budget was all wrong, some player names were horribly botched, positions were botched, potential for the academy players and status in the club was just awfully put together. Transfervalues were completely messed up (The man who's supposedly the player with the highest value in the squad is actually in real life the most shunned and loathed player who the fans hope the club gets rid of as soon as they can and a substitute at most). The list goes on and on and on. Can't recommend something that made me so upset right off the bat.
game-hours: 8.8
review: Steam Workshop is rubbish. Sub to a mod and it doesn't even show up in my downloads
game-hours: 10.1
review: I so wanted it to be different! Having spent 1000's of hours playing CM/FM since 1996 I gave up in 2013 after getting so frustrated with rapidly dropping morale and crazy results. For two years I sat on the side lines and didn't buy FM, secretly hoping I would be able to come back one day and rekindle the joy the game had brought me for so many years. This year I decided to give it another go, desperately hoping for the same enjoyable and consistent expierence. Sadly all enjoyment has been sucked from the game! All I found was random results (I had pens in 4 out of 5 games), crazy dips in morale when and shocking injury rates. Everything I loved about it seems to have gone.... Like I said at the start I gave up two years ago, after this I've given up for good. SI thank you for so many ours of enjoyment, I hope you turn things around as i'd be sad to see the title continue to fade.
game-hours: 10.1
review: I so wanted it to be different! Having spent 1000's of hours playing CM/FM since 1996 I gave up in 2013 after getting so frustrated with rapidly dropping morale and crazy results. For two years I sat on the side lines and didn't buy FM, secretly hoping I would be able to come back one day and rekindle the joy the game had brought me for so many years. This year I decided to give it another go, desperately hoping for the same enjoyable and consistent expierence. Sadly all enjoyment has been sucked from the game! All I found was random results (I had pens in 4 out of 5 games), crazy dips in morale when and shocking injury rates. Everything I loved about it seems to have gone.... Like I said at the start I gave up two years ago, after this I've given up for good. SI thank you for so many ours of enjoyment, I hope you turn things around as i'd be sad to see the title continue to fade.
game-hours: 251.7
review: Every other game has the least 6 goals, why?? Just finished a 6-5 vs Liverpool and won the EPL with a 10-4 vs spurs. What the hell? Oxlade and Giroud scored 5 goals each. How is this realistic?
game-hours: 76.4
review: y i cant play my game..wasting my money
game-hours: 380.4
review: Rly good game for soccer fans
game-hours: 141.4
review: 9 out of 10 players scored their first ever goal against my team. 9 out of 10 teams scored a goal to ruin my clean sheet in the last minute. I'm mad but I love this game, because it's the only way to lead Liverpool into a Premier League title and a proper treble. #RodgersOut #FianzaIn
game-hours: 649.7
review: I have owned and loved every football manager game, but have to say that this new game is very hard to get into, and the menus in particular the finding players is all near impossible. Bought it 2 days ago, have gone back to my old game on FM2014. 2/10, not a happy customer!!!
game-hours: 52.4
review: AVOID LIKE THE PLAGUE!!! Does not work at all. My system spec would be able to run this game twice at the same time, but seems like SIgames have released it with a tonne of bugs that they cannot seem to fix. "Serious error" messages, Crash dump files generated, editor not loading/working. Had this game for 3 weeks and havent got it working once, SI have no idea how to fix it because im on their forums everyday asking for help, but nothing. If you like wasting 30 - Then this is your game !!STAY AWAY!!
game-hours: 252.3
review: Do we even need a Goalkeeper in our team? It seems that we don't. Because it doesn't make much difference if we had one in our team - we will still concede silly goals anyway. The match engine is rubbish. The worse FM I have ever played.
game-hours: 126.4
review: Some improvements here and there, but generally a step backwards. In game engine sucks, players get hurt constantly and even the in-game editor i paid 5 bucks for isn't working at the moment. A buggy mess and I hope to get some value out of the purchase after they finally fix their issues.
game-hours: 9.6
review: shocking ! the game always fails to load ! either steam or football manager need to fix the problem !
game-hours: 86.1
review: Absolutely awful game. It makes no difference who you play, who you sign, or how you play, you will end up having a ridiculous amount of shots on/off target. (most games in the high teens or even 20s) and still somehow lose. There's no such thing as consistancy in the game at all (Beat Athletico Madrid with Liverpool 3- 0 then subsequently went on to lose to burnley and stoke with same team/tactics for example) I had the same issues with the previous game but thought I'd give this one a go anyways. I regret my decision massively. 20 down the drain. I wouldn't buy this game again if it was 2. Do youself a fabour and avoid this game like the plague.
game-hours: 1069.5
review: this game is rubbish can i get my money back
game-hours: 126.4
review: Some improvements here and there, but generally a step backwards. In game engine sucks, players get hurt constantly and even the in-game editor i paid 5 bucks for isn't working at the moment. A buggy mess and I hope to get some value out of the purchase after they finally fix their issues.
game-hours: 61.6
review: This game will be unplayable: injured player every matches, players unhappy if they don't playing during two weeks. I'm sad but it's the last time I buy this game. The last good version is FM13. FM14 and FM15 are not realists, they are unplayable.
game-hours: 48.1
review: Gave praise to player for last game Morale dropped down from good to poor 10/10
game-hours: 3.1
review: waste of money dont buy.
game-hours: 55.8
review: Recently moved from FM13 to FM15 (only because FM13 developed some bug preventing it loading, not sure why) and have to say I'm really disappointed....menu options and buttons just disappear and picking/ changing your team isn't as easy.....removing players from the team, the player position box too big so other useful info can't be displayed, when making subs you can't tell what positions the players you have available can cover etc etc. Perhaps it's a case of getting used to it but seriously considering trading it in and getting a new FM13. Poor.
game-hours: 23.7
review: Skip this one. I went back to 2014 fairly quickly after the excitement of trying a new FM had faded. There are some nice additions to the game, but they've also changed what wasn't broken, and in doing so have destroyed the realistic play seen in 14. The match engine, with some new graphical additions off the pitch which are quite cool, is simply nowhere near good enough for general release. The redesign of the players and their animations is atrocious. If you can watch a match and not notice the hilarious arms of the players then you're lyring to yourself. This is more like an experiment with ragdoll physics than a football match engine. Players plod about the pitch with no real life in them, the ball moves poorly, and the pitches now look bogged down and ugly as hell no matter where you are. Tactics are not easy to really see in the match itself, nothing is realistic in terms of the way the team moves the ball, and that's on top of the horrible animations. Keepers are a little better animated, and as I mentioned the stadiums have more detail and things, but that doesn't make up for the core element of the game being so badly designed. FM2014 isn't perfect, but the match engine craps all over this one from a great height. Gone are the days of your lightning winger flying past his full back and getting a cross in, now they waddle around with all the urgency of a bored duck. There's no more slick passing moves that take into account your tactical instrucions, the ball now moves so slow.. and the poor new sound effect for the ball being hit doesn't help.. again, it just sludges around the pitch to no great effect. The colours of shirts and things are also far too bright, for no reason, this wasn't present in 2014. There are things I really like, female managers, extra things to say to players, a way to convince players your club is the one for them, the sidebar being more intuitive, and things generally being placed in area where they're more easy to find and helpful than previous. Working my way through pre-season I was absolutely enthralled with this game, until the first friendly kicked off and the immersion just vanished in front of my eyes. How pale are the really white players now?! They look ill! Arms are pathetic, tricks are pathetic, the whole thing looks far less graphically impressive than 14 which is hardly FIFA level to begin with. There's no excuse for this, and no way to return the game and spend the money on something else like both seasons of Walking Dead! Get FM2014 with a good skin and all the badges, logos etc. from the workshop and save yourself some money on this, checking back in October to see if they've reworked the engine, if not then I might have to finally say SI have lost their way.
game-hours: 553.6
review: Avoid. I've had the game crash on me nearly 20 times in less than a week. SI are not doing anything to resolve the issue, other than to ask us to turn down settings to make the game less enjoyable.
game-hours: 14.1
review: Having read many of the other reviews, I felt compelled to provide my own. Please note that my play time is considerably more than is logged, since I play mostly offline currently. As expected this version of the game isn't perfect. Some of the criticisms outlined in other reviews are accurate, however I must argue against a couple of points made. Firstly the match engine seems fine to me. I seem to score relatively regularly and concede a few here and there, as one might expect. It doesn't seem unbalanced from my point of view, but then I suppose I don't always expect it to work everytime just because I want it to, and rather I work on my tactics to make them more effective. Secondly, a couple of other reviews complain about the new 'confusing' layout. While I admit I had a hard time finding certain things initially within the sidebar, it really doesn't take long to get used to it and, indeed, I actually rather like the new look. This game takes the solid foundations set by Football Manager 2014 as a huge improvement over the problematic 2013 version, and builds on it. It gives a fresh new look, which isn't something I would have said it needed but now it's here, I like it. In summary then, from my own personal experience, this game is very good indeed. It improves in subtle ways on the previous entry in the series, and from what i've seen so far it doesn't really take anything away either. Make of this what you will, those people who complain might disagree with me, but then i'm not from the school of 'instant success or GTFO'. Buy it, if you are a fan of the series. I picked it up for a little over 20, and i'd say for the amount i'll play it, that makes it the bargain of the year.
game-hours: 312.6
review: Match engine a bit weird with this one, goals came too easy, it's probably the highest goal scoring FM I've ever played since FM05.
game-hours: 115.5
review: Slow, crashes...
game-hours: 292.8
review: If you buy it. You should buy more all item in game. it so badddddddddd so now i need to sell this game not make me fun at all
game-hours: 103.4
review: Fantastic game,so addictive.Managed to win Championship title with Norwich City,now doing ok in the Premiership.Wish Neil Adams could manage Norwich as well as I have.Think it's time for me to take over as manager of Norwich in real life.
game-hours: 1639.7
review: BEST GAME EVER.. THE ONLY GAME I PLAY.. I have no life because of the game!
game-hours: 521.1
review: I have bought this franchise every year religiously since it very first came out. This is the first year i have felt cheated out of my money. Where to start. the new side bar makes things complicated for no reason whatsoever. the old system was fine and didnt need changing, It might just be me but the whole feel of the game has a far more fake feel about it while at the same time trying to add an unnecessary amout of realism. I know this is a game but i somehow felt more connected to players and staff in the old one. then you get to the matches. The worst part of the game however is the god awful match engine. The players look like chickens with flapping arms, opposition goalkeepers appear to be the lovechild of neuer and buffon, whereas mine has all the ability of a paraglegic. My defnders seem to think that marking from corners means marking the corner of the six yard box and not moving and the guys on the posts are superglued there. I took charge of manchester united, incredible attack and i added well too, yet my team had no answers to the might of the mls teams on tour pre season, i went back over these games tried various formations and even went as far as using the in game editor to make all my players level20 on everything and still we were soundly beaten. this seems to be a big flaw from other reviews i have read too, as does the crazy scorelines, i managed to pull off a 7-6 win over southampton with their cb scoring a hattrick from corners due to afforementioned problems and another fabulous 8-5 win over qpr after being 4-0 up and going behind 4-5. It has so many issues right now it is just not worth the outlay. Top and bottom, if you have fm14, do not buy this game, udpade the players and enjoy as it is superior to this in every way.
game-hours: 952.1
review: This is literally the worst Football Manager game ever made. I know it's just the beta, but it is still . Your players get injured all the time and is out for weeks maybe months. There is about 5-6 goals every freaking game, and your players complain about little playtime after just one game on the bench. Also... where is the bench were you set up your team before the game? And how do you click your players onto the field and bench without dragging them over another players position? The real game have to improve by 100% to make this a good game, because right now it sucks. Wake up! You tried to make it more realistic and you managed to send the game back to the stone age. Well done!
game-hours: 177.9
review: Surprised by the amount of bad reviews. I haven't experienced the "vast amount of injuries" and "high score lines". Admittedly, I've had a few high scoring games but I've also seen my fair share of 0-0s. There are some good little improvements with manager creation, more interaction with players and knock-on effects to other players and the squad overall. Is it groundbreaking? No, but I don't think any FM game has been particulary groundbreaking over the past few years. Again, there are some good improvements and additions to the game and if you have enjoyed previous FM games, you'll enjoy this one too.
game-hours: 126.2
review: every time i click on the icon to play football manger 15 it takes me to the steam page i bought the game from amazon but got to beta code i have already played it once now when i click on it it goes to that screen whats going on and is there away to get the beta off my steam
game-hours: 1027.6
review: Major upgrade over 14, love the new animations, the new tactics screen, and the match engine as a whole is a significant step up from 14. Those who say otherwise are the type of impatient people who don't spend the time to perfect their tactics. Buy the game, you won't regret it
game-hours: 414.1
review: fired in under a day 10/10 would recommend
game-hours: 1152.8
review: day 1,952: provisions are dry. i fantasize about eating the hamstrings of my wingers daily. please send help
game-hours: 468.9
review: Played FM14 before, and will gladly stick to 14. Longshots and headers dominate in this edition, with possession-based tactics falling by the wearside to be replaced by route-one and direct stuff. The match engine is ridiculously inaccurate, and keepers are as good as an u12 sunday league keeper. Wish I never spent full retail price on FM15, hopefully patches balance it out
game-hours: 281.2
review: UI is damn bad Tactics is damn bad Bad goal everywhere is damn bad Injuries every game is damn bad I'm feeling bad spent money on this bad game is damn bad My feeling now is damn bad
game-hours: 350.8
review: Dont buy it, stupid engine, stupid interface. Worst FM ever.
game-hours: 288.1
review: WHAT HAPPENED?? I played the Beta-version, but I have some major issues with it. For instance EVERYBODY gets fired.. Van Gaal, Guardiola, Klopp, Mazarri, Inzaghi, Ancelotti, Rutten(Feyenoord).. The press conferences are wieird, the interface is (imo) terrible.. If this beta is anything like the endproduct I am going to stay with FM 14
game-hours: 275.3
review: Keeps getting better!
game-hours: 44.7
review: How do you know what is the real version an dteh beta, as none of the clubs have any club badges .....
game-hours: 337.4
review: it is a shame!
game-hours: 210.9
review: 6 hours into this game, and I must admit, they really improved the game, a lot. Game looks better, and feels better with the new layout, and the in-game matches are much more fluent, and nice-looking, compared to the earlier match engines. I usually spent 500 hours+ each year on Football Manager games, and this will be no different. Game looks massively good, runs perfect, even though I have a huge database with 13 countries, and 34 leagues. Well done, SI. Update: I am now 36 hours into the game, and I stand by my original review. The game is amazing, and really addicting, and thus far I haven't really experienced any bugs. Fantastic game.
game-hours: 215.1
review: There obviously are many problems with the game (too many injuries, last minute aids, freezing, players unhappy when you praise them, etc), but I still enjoy the game. I didn't enjoy FM14 but I think this one is much better, the layout is much better and even though there are lots of bad reviews and problems with the game I still recommend it to people who enjoy football and want to be serious about management.
game-hours: 514.7
review: This game is great! Almost 400 hours on it so far. Love it!
game-hours: 123.3
review: This needs fixing! match engine totally sucks guys, worst 30 spent ever on a game!! well dissapointed, i feel as though ive been ripped off :(. Just not enjoyable at the moment, FIX IT "SI" DO NOT BUY!! BRING BACK CHAMPIONSHIP MANAGER.....And now after the latest update patch (27/11/14), my game keeps on crashing!?! i didnt have no problem with this before the patch!!!! and i dont see any improvement whatsoever on the pathetic goals being scored, OP crosses still prevelent, injuries still there (every game) Match engine still messed up, So what exactly did the latest patch do ???? because im confused as to what you have improved?
game-hours: 212.3
review: this is my first fm i have got on pc, i have previously had it on hand held. i find the game fun but it can be rather unrealistic. i play a game and there might be 7-8 goals in a game its ridiculous. i find it very fustrating. i also find that signing players is to hard, this could be that i am just new to fm and just not very good but all the clubs seem to want 4 times the players value. hope there will be an update soon.
game-hours: 17.7
review: just cant get it to work doesnt loads
game-hours: 988.2
review: Game crashed... now error 55 don't buy till they fix it
game-hours: 154.4
review: I didn't like the game at all I can't even play it the colors of the background really hurt my eyes I can't look more than 10 mins. I played Football Manager 13 before and that was much better than this. Background is fully black and all the other lively colors make it hard to read. And you can't personalize this. You can't see the additional packs bought in the game. I am really frustrated. I can't see the full pitch while playing in 2D mode. I can not search for players after 2 transfers. What is wrong this year?
game-hours: 42.7
review: Played 2 hours. about to play my first game when the game quit unexpectedly...
game-hours: 388.7
review: The game is awesome.
game-hours: 375.7
review: After the 15.2.0 update the game is very good.
game-hours: 245.9
review: Getting better and better every year. Good interface with reasonable match-engine.
game-hours: 180.8
review: The new interface is great. Also new features looks awesome.
game-hours: 603.8
review: Football Manager 2015 is the best version yet of the greatest football management game on earth. It takes you deeper than ever into the world of football management and is extremely addictive. The best feature is the 3D match view allowing you to see your players on the pitch actually score goals. Keep up the good work Sports Interactive, and let's hope the 2016 version is even biggedr and better.
game-hours: 19.2
review: Can really piss you off, but still better than its predecessors.
game-hours: 317.5
review: A good game but has a few issues (e.g. clean sheets). Takes a bit of time to get used to the new layout. Overall a worthwhile buy but if you have Football Manager 2014 it may be worthwhile to wait until Football Manager 2016 is released.
game-hours: 51.2
review: Cool game!
game-hours: 235.9
review: just buy it
game-hours: 913.7
review: I love it... but then again i love the tactical and the behind the scenes running of a football club and obviously it is one of, if not the, the best football managerment simulator on the market. I have seen a lot of people complaining about bugs but in general i rarely get the bugs that people get in games, on computer and console. I haven't had a problem with it yet after 52 hrs played. There are features it could add to further improve it but still great game that can still improve. only thing i could think of as a problem would be some of the unrealistic scorelines( i beat liverpool 7-1 on the opening day as Man United and as much as i hate liverpool i don't think they should be getting beat 7-1 especially when i hadn't even a full strenght team out).
game-hours: 281.5
review: Amazing game worth the buy :)
game-hours: 20.9
review: Great game with amazing detail, hard to learn how to play well but a season as a manager should solve that.
game-hours: 335.9
review: This game has its ups and downs, leading me to an inconclusive decision whether it is the best yet. To me, the match engine is unrealistic, the goalkeepers (don't get me started on the GK's) seem to save the first and then be nowhere for the rebound. I've resorted to the classic 2D match engine so i don't have to painfully see these mistakes being made. If you want a prospect you're going to need the capital, as many enquiries i get come back with '57m' which no one is going to pay for a 16 year old. Although this being said it does make it more realistic in that aspect. Overall it's an improvement, and linked together with the steam workshop it gives players a chance to post their 'Tactic of dominance' in which other players can then implement into their game. All the issues i've stated can be patched up.
game-hours: 733.5
review: the most realistic version yet to real life football. i have played every version of the FM franchise and this is the best yet. i'm looking forward to the next installment of the fm franchise. i'm currently using the barclay's premier league swapped with the conference north/south by kingpazza (GoldenFM) as i think it's the best database on the steam workshop and well with checking out.
game-hours: 176.6
review: Finally helped Arsenal finish above 4th and win the league. I am the true special one! 4-2-3-1 is the way forward! 10/10
game-hours: 313.1
review: I have been playing his game like 2-3 weeks and its simple: Its terrible. Match engine its year after years worst and worst, player dont do anything you tell them, complete the opposite. I had a right back tell him to short pass, as soon as he receives the ball bom! Long ball to nowhere. The only thing the had to do was keep the same ME from 2012 and thats all, just a few things here and there and you could sell this game year after year without problem. SI has spend a lot of time to do it and when the put the game on sale its full of bugs, probably in december 2015 this game will be playable with hundreds of patches, but at that time we are going to be talking about FM 2016. I dont know, its so much things I could say, or maybe i just dont know how to play the game, maybe its too complicated. Corner kick bugs, goalkeeper bugs... endless. Impossible to get a win away, play counter, defensive, offensive, wathever you want, its useless. Im starting to repent to put 20 pounds in this. Terrible.
game-hours: 336.8
review: Where to start...it's a fantastic game, just like the previous however this one adds a bit more immersion with the team talks. For example i was 1-0 down to Hull at halftime with West Ham, i drilled into the lads and as it happens with got the equalizer howeer i wanted more, i wanted the 3 points to pursue the league title. I clicked the team talk tab and aggressiely 'Demanded more' from the lads and out of nowhere Mark Noble with a fantastic volley from a corner rattled it home giving me a 2-1 win. At the end of the day if you're an FM fanatic why haven't you bought this? and if you're looking for a new challenging strategy game and you have an undying love for football then look no further and purchase this beauty and get into it as i can guarentee you the next one will be better and more advanced!
game-hours: 157.3
review: This is way better than Football Manager 14, where you had to get a perfect start for your club or get sacked within a couple of months! I've played so many games and haven't been sacked by Cellino yet.
game-hours: 184.3
review: Best way to waste time without spending money on cosmetic items to satisy digital cravings to look cool. -11/10 - IGN But really. -New UI: better, but different. Takes some getting used to. -Injuries are a little over the top and excessive, so I'd like to see this get fixed or at least toned down. Seriously though. It's been a couple of times that I haven't even been able to reach the third game of a season without a little more than a third of my team being injured for more than 2 weeks. C'mon, SI. Cut us some slack. -Scouting is actually useful! -Still a lot of fun to make fun of other managers, too. -There's this thing now called "team talk" during a match where you can talk to your whole squad besides the pep talks. Doesn't do much, but it's there. -Keepers are dumb and rebounds happen on 90% of shots. -Incredibly hard to sell players. *IF YOU ARE NEW TO FOOTBALL MANAGER, READ THE FOLLOWING* I came from FIFA. Playing as a single player got boring and online matches aren't my thing, and I wanted a deeper manager experience, so I tried out FM14. And I became addicted. It's a hell of a lot of fun managing a football club with this much detail, and there are so many clubs to choose from that it's very possible (but kind of hard) to make a rags-to-riches story with either a single club or your management career. If you're okay with the shallow managing of FIFA, then you do that. No hard feelings. It's not like I'm on the development team. *IF YOU ARE NOT NEW TO FOOTBALL MANAGER, READ THE FOLLOWING* I'd say this is worth it over FM15, even in the beta state it's in as of me typing this. Just about everything is improved except for the amount of injuries that happen to your squad. Just be prepared to be fumbling around with the new UI for a bit as you get used to it. Trust me, it's a better, cleaner UI. P.S., this is a review of the BETA, so I should be updating this periodically. One more thing that applies to the beta and the full release (when it comes out): I really wish they could make this run in 64 bit as well as 32 bit. 64 is becoming more and more common place and it would make the game run a hell of a lot faster. I'd really like to see this implemeted in FM16
game-hours: 188.1
review: MY GAME IS NOT WORKING GIVE ME YOUR SAPORT.........
game-hours: 107.3
review: This is the 2nd time I have decided to give a review of this game, My first review I gave a negative review out of frustration down to the game keep crashing, However after uninstalling and reinstalling and giving it a good go I have decided to change my review to a more positve review, Under reviewal though im not sure I can wholeheartedly give this a 100 pcnt positive review so mid writing this review ive reviewd my decision to review. 6/10 not enough progression from previos versions for me
game-hours: 692.6
review: This is a very simple review.... Gameplay: Good and is better than previous FM's Reliability: Very poor, crashes a lot have now loast 3 save games due to gameside crashes. Recommendation: Stick with FM14 - the loss of save games even when doing rolling saves is very annoying. The new menu system is a bit weird and not exactly simple to find things. Had way more fun on FM14.
game-hours: 620.4
review: Rediculously addictive, but not without flaws. Like the previous release, FM2015 tends to be unstable on anything other than windows. I've had limite success with Home Streaming. The interface is a bit clunky, and "workflow" in team management isn't entirely intuitive. That said, I'm enjoying the hell out of 2015. If 1) you know that football doesn't involve touchdowns and helmets 2) you know that a football is round and usually kicked, not egg-shaped and usually thrown 3) you know your 4-3-3 from your 4-2-3-1 from your 3-5-2 from your 4-4-2 diamond 4) teams are built, not bought 5) are masochistic enough to enjoy a management simulation then you will love this edition of the most famous sport management simulation on the planet. You know a game has made it into the public consciousness when a common insult when discussing tactical elements of the real sport is an accusion of being a keyboard manager that only knows Football Manager ;)
game-hours: 13.2
review: Paid 30 for the game. It won't even start, as soon as I click 'play' I get a "Serious error FM2015v15.2.1" message. I tried looking for support on the community.sigames page but their website didn't give me permission to look at the fix pages, saying I needed an account with their website. I looked on the sega website for support, again it didn't give me permission to open their fix pages. I'm sure the game's fine but the *severe* lack of support and customer service (not to mention the many other people that appear to have the same problem) means I have to give a thumbs down.
game-hours: 21.0
review: DO NOT, REPEAT DO NOT, BUY THIS GLITCH FILLED RUBBISH.
game-hours: 179.8
review: Just not fun anymore :(
game-hours: 375.2
review: It's quite easy creating a tactic that creates a lot of chances, millions of clearcuts... But, you see, when a clear cut chance is created, the game rolls two dice, and if they ain't both a six you do not score. This is a game of chance, and I have had more fun playing heads/tails.
game-hours: 8.1
review: I can see why hardcore fans would love this game, but after playing manager career mode in FIFA, it's really hard for me to adapt to the snails pace that this game goes at regardless if you pick classic mode or not. Just not my style.
game-hours: 22.4
review: I just don't understand. I have played FM 2013 quite regulary, its not perfect but its accessible. I have always made light of the match engine, yes it has its problems but it has never angered me to the point that I feel it's actively working against me. FM 2015 has some really unique in depth features, compared to FM 13 more 'events' happen between players, pre-match build up and the scouting system feel's much more accurate. The problem I am having here, is that I don't think I have really played enough to 'Review' the game, I just know that I have played enough to not reccomend it to anyone. Match preperation was a great part of the game, yet my formations are never trained enough in pre-season, even with a very high workload. I wouldn't mind if this also applied to the teams I am not in control of, it is entirely evident though that this is not the case. With time, I think I could become invested in this game, however the turmoil of early game problems has led me to return to an earlier version of the game for my FM fix. Just go and play an earlier version and save yourself the trouble. *Edit* After spending several more hours, I simply can't get into this game. Theoretically, the more accurate aspects of this years release should create a better FM experience, yet this is simply not the case. The plethora of new tactical roles just bemuddles the overall system, I really question if even half of these are used frequently in the real life game, especially outside of the top flight of leagues. I think overall enjoyment has been sacrificed on the altar of 'depth', if you want a tactical system which requires constant maintenance and player recruitment which takes hours of trawling through players and weeks upon weeks of scouting reports, I could possibly reccomend this game over previous releases. Also, the new interface is absolutely shocking. Luckily the workshop provides some good alternatives.
game-hours: 289.4
review: There aren't much changes from 13, I didn't purchase 14 because I knew there wasnt gonna be some huge updates and changes. SIgames merely refined the game and touched up on some areas in 2015. They tried to shift the reliance of fmscout(genie) by allowing us to scout for potential and consistency of players. But, the scouting UI system is terrible... Imagine scouting over 200-300+ players, and after the initials reports those players who didn't make the cut, you will have to remove them one by one manually.... Genie is still the choice for me, its just too convenient... It was refreshing for maybe the first few days, after that you will realise its actually the same old thing being repackage with some minor tweaks and improvements. Buy it if you are a real diehard football or FM fan, if not just stick to your 13/14.
game-hours: 6.4
review: I had this sitting on my wishlist for more than a month before I decided to risk everything and buy it. I was hoping to get it on sale but I got so bored with my other games I couldn't wait any longer. Being a long time player of the EA FIFA Manager series (now discontinued) and a one time player of FM years ago, and read all the recent bad reviews I thought I was going in with my eyes open. I knew what I wanted in a football manager game and this one just didn't deliver - particularly on the matchday experience. Everything was cool to begin with, having to go for job interviews to get a manager gig, etc. I thought that was unique. The whole build up to match day was good, choosing tactics, and formations, etc. Its all very very detailed. I was quite happy to tinker for hours before I decided to plough through to a friendly match. Then I was presented with the most god-awful UI for match day, and a 1980's 3D rendition of a football match which I eventually turned it 2D mode because I couldnt stand it. For a game that has been around for how long, this 3D match engine is appalling. They would be much better off just having a text ticker for gameplay rather than a half-a55ed attempt at a 3D game engine. I hated the interface for actual match play. Way too much clutter, nothing intuitive. You could only have 1 or 2 widgets up and running at a time. It really hasn't been thought out well. I wish I could take the UI and match engine from FIFA Manager and plug it into this - it would be much more appealing to me. *sigh* another wasted $50. They do refunds around here? Update: Ironically within hours of this review it went on sale in Steam *aaaaaaarghhhhh*
game-hours: 138.0
review: Help Me.
game-hours: 4.2
review: Not much that i can say other then it's crashes everytime i press contiune at the very start of a season. Can't even play it after trying everything to get it work which is my why playtime is barely anything
game-hours: 11.5
review: I think this game is the best fm in years. But its not fun before u learn it properly!
game-hours: 340.3
review: Im a veteran when it comes to management games and i can clearly say this is the best one out of the lot of them, i still play all the old games, championship manager, premier manager, etc guess i just loved my childhood haha :)
game-hours: 484.6
review: I can not believe I paid $33 for this crap. 2015 game with such graphics? It is just a game for those who do not want to sit infront of the screen, do some adjustments and click on play, go back to your daily works and chech once in a while. Other than that not worth a penny.
game-hours: 196.5
review: I am a long time player of FM and with so many negative reviews I had some hesitations with this title. Bought it though on the recent 33% discount offer. So far, I find it better than FM2014. I guess it has been patched because I didn't encounter any of the problems other players are complaining about (useless goal-keepers, lags and craches, lots and lots of injuries, crazy score lines etc). Visually speaking, the 3d simulation of the game is in my opinion the best so far for this game, but you should keep in mind this is not FIFA. Keep in mind though that I'm not able of saying if the simulation reflects or not the tactical orders given to the players. What I dislike most is the lack of team logos. When you are asking 50 euros for each new installement at least you could get the proper rights to use the real logos.
game-hours: 758.9
review: Distin best player on fm15 so far
game-hours: 386.5
review: i have played the last 3 football manager games and football manager 2015 is an improvment it more challenging then the last but at the same time it not impossible to win titles with the smallest club thanks to the complex match engine it all about how you use this game to get the most out of it 9/10
game-hours: 258.3
review: Football Manager 2015 is a manager simulation game which is designed to put you in charge of teams within the footballing world. You can buy/sell as you please as well as hire/fire staff as you please and you ride the highs and lows of football management. If you've played the older versions of this game this game is a slight improvement upon them. This version has added extra features and improvements which most are very much in the background. Truth be told the same issues with the preivous versions still exist in this version to a certain extent, such as the AI (at times in rare cases) is very frustrating and downright poor. AI issues have been adressed in the latest update, but much like many other games the orignal version was released unfinished/unpolished. Much like the FIFA franchise this game slightly improves elements such as graphics and adding one or two features which in my opinon is unacceptable there is alot of potentail and the creators should look to improve much more (Such as the match engine and overall media/player interaction). To be more positive the game is fun, challengeing and does feel like an improvement the match engine is getting better and the accuracy of transfers between clubs is better, however the next version must have significant improvement in order to prevent the franchise from becoming stale. For football fans who enjoy the small details involed with football and would ratrher be at the helm of a club rather than a player this game is for you. Overall an addictive game and a slight improvement and a solid edtion to a franchise with high potential. 6/10 (Upon release) 8.5/10 (Latest Update).
game-hours: 66.1
review: Play on the macbook air 13" is very hot because CPU is hard working , hope this game drop spec for it.
game-hours: 10.5
review: Just one more match... Just... one... more... match... *After match* Oh so I got a match versus Chelsea? Let's play that one just before I go to bed! *After 8 hours* Oh right, it's time to go to school again *falls asleep*
game-hours: 30.8
review: My team had over 60% possession and 30 shots, half of which were on target. My opponent only got 1 shot. Guess what? My opponent beat me with a 90 min goal. 100% would break my computer.
game-hours: 294.0
review: Awesome game. Still has some minor bugs but it can definately make you spend a lot of hours on it
game-hours: 206.2
review: Eventhough there are not huge improvements with the 2014 version, there are always improvements. If you can afford it, do it.
game-hours: 5.3
review: I bought this yesterday and am in love with the amount of stuff you can do in this game, its crazy ! if you love football and love the idea of managing, then this is the best game for you !
game-hours: 40.3
review: its a good game but the heading is a bit.......but i recommend
game-hours: 121.0
review: love this game.. very entertaining so far.. rarely i got crash on this game, fix it please
game-hours: 10.8
review: Arsenal finished 4th in the league. I can confirm this is the most realistic football game you can find on this planet.
game-hours: 111.9
review: Dpo not buy it, do not make the same mistake.... disaster.... too many injuries especially all players at same position... too many nosense. 2014 is the best, this one is disaster
game-hours: 305.6
review: 0/10 it broke my screen and made me fail all my exams But i won the capital one cup, so its all ok
game-hours: 873.2
review: When they are going to improve the game engine to match up with the new powerful proccessors ?
game-hours: 232.9
review: Ever get excited during a transfer window? Ever wanted to build and manage a world class team? Look no further, another great "tweeked" version of FM.
game-hours: 206.1
review: In spite of what people have said, I would say this is a very intuitive and interesting addition to the series.
game-hours: 1326.9
review: Haven't played it that much. It's OK.
game-hours: 490.1
review: It's like having an abusive husband who you know you should leave but his few endearing qualities keeps you coming back.
game-hours: 199.2
review: The game crashes before every match!!!!!!!
game-hours: 0.5
review: shitest game ever , cant even open game seriously crash files with shitest support in community.sigames every thread not solve my problem even ftp i must install filezilla and upload by myself . I never seen this before.
game-hours: 523.7
review: This sums the Game up in my opinion.. Last two games Rangers 4-4 Dumbarton 9 yellow cards, 6 red cards - 3 each!!, all but 1 of the 8 goals were own goals. Rangers 4 - 2 Motherwell 3 red cards, 1 own goal Riddled with Bugs, need major improvement
game-hours: 30.4
review: Horrible! The new play engine is simpy not acceeptable .... this is a downgrade. I could not finish the first game. ;-(
game-hours: 71.7
review: Pretty good so far. I have been a devotee since FM 2010 and buy this every year. I never really got into FM 2014 but so far I am liking FM 2015. The high score line games is a bit of a bug but it is being worked on so I don't doubt soon enough games will revert to more sensible score lines. The new interface is really good and very easy to navigate and the overall appearance of the game is attractive. At this point it still is a little buggy but I would think in due course it will be sorted out and will be a solid addition to the FM line up.
game-hours: 136.7
review: Really dont understand how the ME gets worse. 2012 was ok, just needing a bit of tweaking. 2013 onwards have been shocking, with the latest being the worst. I fully understand that Fm is a management simulator, and that SI will say it isnt meant to be FIFA'esque in terms of graphics etc., but that isnt my gripe. The major issue I have with the ME is what you see happening in no way relates to your instructions or the stats at the end. For example, you concede too many from balls over the top, so you set the team to defend deeper. But when you are viewing the match, the back four are still in the halfway line. What is the point in having the facility to change something if the ME doesnt reflect that change? Same with ratings; a keeper drops one into his own net then kicks a ball stright to the opposition to score. His rating is a 7. From what I see, he is at fault for two goals, yet if I discipline or drop him, he thinks its unwarranted as the stats say he played well. Nothing you see happening relates to stats. Some of the interplay is laughable. World class players look like baby deer trying to kick a ball and the decision making completely at odds with what players (especially good ones) would do in those situations. Only real benefit of th game its updated database. Aside from that its a poor imitation of previous versions. Save your money
game-hours: 107.7
review: Just bought this game a few days ago. After installing, cannot launch the game. Been trying updating all my drivers, uninstall and reinstall again and again. Why this problem occur??????
game-hours: 113.0
review: wast of time :(
game-hours: 19.5
review: Cant even launch the game, played it yesterday after buying it in the shop now i cant even play the game because it just takes me to this stupid stream site instead of just loading the game!!!!!
game-hours: 402.2
review: better than 2014 a lot. loving it.
game-hours: 98.3
review: I have been reading through the reviews for this game, yet I can't understand how people have said how rubbish they thing this new release is? Of course it's going to have some bugs/faults/issues with the game as soon as it comes out, just like any other PC game you buy, none are perfect as soon as they're released due to companies being pushed to release their games quicker so that they ensure they make a fast profit. You just need to be patient, like I was. Once the bugs were fixed and it was all how it was supposed to be, this is a really good game. Probably the best one out of the FM series yet, due to you have to actually Scout and search for certain player that you want/need. Instead of their being a huge list of transfer listed players available, so it's hit and miss on whether you get bargains or you end paying the full price. Which is extrememly realistic. The 3D graphics have been improved making it more realistic on the pitch especially with the new "Team Talk" feature allowing you to shour specific instructions to your team. The only downside is that Sega have yet again tried and failed with the Media, I started of as a Conference North Team (Chorley FC) yet i have press conferences before and after EVERY game. Surely a team that has only just made it to the Conference north, shouldn't be having this many Press Conferences/Tunnel Interviews if they haven't even been fully estabilished by anyone hardly? It just makes it seem like they haven't put much thought into the media. Overall I am pretty much on this game all the time now, it's extrememly addicting, I would advice anyone to purchase this. Plus 30 for a Pc game is nothing these days? BARGAIN.
game-hours: 359.7
review: Great game. To all you complaining about it, you just need to perfect your tactics instead of expecting to win every single game from the word go. Loving everything about it!
game-hours: 239.7
review: I have Played Fm/Cm since 2001 and this honestly is the worst one, I cant understnad why SI would release a game thats not finished (other than Miles Jackobsons inapt abillity to ajust). I waited a few weeks to buy the game after seeing lots of negatives about it but thought 'it cant be that bad' - well unfortunately it is. I dont know where to start, The graphics are terrible and cartoon like (i have a top spec PC AMDFX8350 Radeon R9 series graphics) The injurys are beyond a joke, Im getting 3 or 4 serious injurys every game. The OI tactic screen doesnt work which is a joke. Said screen is now on the tactics tab but when you set the OI it doesnt do anything in the game build up beacuse you have to RENTER the OI anyway before the team talk. You cant adjust the finances and budgets anymore (why remove it? seriously) and little things like .TAC files can no longer be applied to the game. I hate to say it but this is a step back not a step foward for FM. Im so dissapointed.
game-hours: 30.0
review: i dont know what happened but the game wont start
game-hours: 177.8
review: Took a while to get used to the new lay out, but I think the whole game has changed for the better, I recommend it 100%
game-hours: 145.5
review: Unsure on which way to swing with this game, It's good but so broke, in saying that though 14 was broke up until January. What annoys me about this game is how awful your goalkeeper becomes when your 1-0 up with 10 mins left, the amount of games ive drew or lost being 1-0 up with 10 mins left is unreal. But because i have faith in SI I'd say buy it but when its in a sale or something cause 30 is far too much for a game that is still broken
game-hours: 50.3
review: Terrible, just keeps checking and scanning for updates when I try and click 'play game' then I end up back on this page! Tried to uninstall Steam and install the game by itself but cannot do this any more. When I could actually play the game I consistently had 5/6 players injured. Tried to do too much and ruined the game, needs some patches big toime!
game-hours: 990.0
review: i would recomend it its only got a few problems which i dont mind about every game as problems at first i dont seem to have the problem with injuries i play with carlisle united and doing quite well 2 in leaugue had one player injured in 15 games and one sent off its good ive played these games since they came out love it each year i enjoy
game-hours: 100.1
review: probably the worst Football Manager to date, bugs galore, stupid goals, saving take an age plus many more things wrong with the game. do not buy.
game-hours: 5.0
review: had it working once or twice then steam decides to  up will never be using steam again
game-hours: 120.4
review: I see a lot of negative reviews here, some even from experienced FM players. To be honest, really experienced players don't (seriously) play FM until final patch - that one with winter transfer updates, which also (usually) fixes all unwanted stuff like injuries, corners, woodwork, one-on-ones and other weird things devs did to ruin gameplay (they do it every year btw, you'll see the pattern if you continue to play FM  it's almost a tradition). Just remember that Football Manager until the final patch is a public beta and you'll be ok. As for the game itself, I played one season so far and enjoyed it. There were too much injuries, but it can be considered as a challenge (also rotation and young players were extremelly happy to replace crippled first team members). There were too much woodwork (but several FMs back it was much worse). There were some nice goals and dramatic matches. Overall, it was typical Football Manager experience  not ideal, but quite enjoyable. Match engine improved a lot  much less scripted goals, much more goal diversity (my player even won Goal of the Month Award  thing I can't remember since introducing 3D match engine). Still, we have a lot of morale goals during 46-48 min period, but I guess it'll never change. Anyway, you can have some fun with FM15 or die from a rage attack. Your choice. TL;DR: try it, but starting long-term careers until patch 15.3 is out is unadvisable.
game-hours: 314.4
review: It's wierd at first and the default skin is terrible but after a few hours into it you start to get used to it. Scouting is actually allot more important than ever now and you go into your scouting tab in order to search for players that are transfer listed etc, based on your scouting knowledge. You can see how everything is working allot more now and makes it important to have feeder clubs from different countries to improve scouting knowledge across the globe. Touchline instructions are cool in theory but i found it to be pointless and makes your team worse off, just stick with the pre match and half time team talks. Match engine is allot better and it feels more fluid with the animations however are there some dodgy stuff that happens especially when 2 or 3 defenders are trying to chase down a loose ball then none of them end up getting it and leave it whilst a surging striker latches onto it and scores when they shouldent of had any chance of getting it. The only bad thing really for me is the default skin but that's a personal thing, as for the game it's solid and a solid upgrade. If you've not got a FM game for a while then deffo pick this up, if you get them every year then you should see more improvements this year than you have the previous years to warrent getting it aswell.
game-hours: 584.0
review: Worst FM game ever.
game-hours: 363.6
review: I've been playing this game since I was a child and I can't say anything bad and wrong about it. This season's version, is way more faster than the others, more realistic, and more difficult. Which is good. Be aware of the gamers saying that is too difficult, the haven't understood the beauty of this game at all, yet. If you like football, this is s Must Have and a Must Play!
game-hours: 378.4
review: Quando se compra um jogo para computador, se espera poder joga-lo em todos os computadores que dispe em sua casa. Foi decepcionante comprar o jogo para mim e meu irmo jogarmos, e descobrir que enquanto ele joga em seu computador eu no posso jogar no meu.
game-hours: 1.2
review: The game does not work! The game crashes everytime I try to start a game
game-hours: 506.8
review: will probably be the last football manager i buy, been playing since champ 01/02 and maybe ive been playing fm for too long but the game is just too easy, can take a team from league 2 to the champions league in 5/6 years almost everytime, in lower leagues you can pickup players on free transfers 2 leagues above the standard you play, in the prem you pickup players from argentina/brazil for 4m and sell them for 30m at the end of the season, not fun for me anymore
game-hours: 441.3
review: I have enjoyed my time so far as ACMilan manager within FM2015. It is a game that like 2014 ramped up the difficulty and you have to have a team throughly prepared. You also have to be very careful in what you say, not only to the players but to the media. Morale has an impact in the games like 2014 and long streaks of losses can be brought on if you are not up to the mark in man management. There are some dodgy goal keeper animations that often cause goals (rare off the wall scorelines), and often times follow up conversations with players that don't quite relate to the previous conversation, but they are not exactly game breakers. The game has brought in a much more streamlined interface that I have found a very welcome addition. I have always found the News an irritaion and have waited for the return of how 2010 had the headlines away from the inbox and I have found 2015s way much more to my liking. The game is very enjoyable and one of the few that often has me making noises when goals are missed or penalties given, it is nice to get that sort of immersion. Setting up your profile as manager and being able have coaching stats and ratings to use in game are great, finally running the training yourself will have a greater effect. I really like it the positives outweight the negatives by a long way and have found it the most enjoyable FM since 2010. The game engine is good, the management detail is fantastic. The scouting has been revamped, I like the uncertainty brought in with vague ratings eg. Passing 16-19. I like that teams try very hard to hold onto their good players, for example I found a future star according to all my scouts, his value was below 1Mil, but the team he was with knew what I did and would only sell him for 42Mil. I recommend it, it's worth every penny for the management fan or football fan alike.
game-hours: 407.3
review: Better than FM 2014 but still awful and unrealistic. Terrible passing, countless corners, through balls are very rare, player attributes still has no effect ( mertesacker is faster than bale and ronaldo)
game-hours: 88.3
review: This i my first time buying and playing a FM Game. I usually play FIFA on ps4. However this is a breathe of fresh air! Love the layout and how you actually have to think unlike fifa or pes. Co-op is awesome and great with friends! Would definetly recommend and I will be buying future ones for sure! Wonderful game.
game-hours: 247.7
review: Sensationally good game, following in the footsteps of its predecessors. The genius of its improvements are in the constant simplification of its features which makes it equally accessible to either hardcore football fans, casual gamers or indeed both.
game-hours: 352.7
review: I've been a CM/FM player since CM 00/01, so I think in can say it with some property: FM is a great football managing game, always were and still is, but this year Beta edition was TOTALLY flawed, literally broken. As of Beta 15.0.3 most of those bugs were solved. Now I had only observed a few bizarre defensive errors and some excessive red cards, but I can safely say that this game will be proper in the release date. Good Job SI! There was some good additions as the RPG like feature to estipulate your manager skils and the possibility of team talking during the matches, not only in half or full time. Also I liked the new scouting system, its not only more beautiful and easier to adapt as it seens to be more effective. The tactical screen was also improved, its now more reallistic and fluid with some nice additions to the tactical options. I'll list the main bugs that affected this game until the Beta 15.0.3 and update their situation as SI realizes the patches. All of them I observed in all my 3 saves (Playing in Spanish, Italian and Brazilian leagues propositaly with top clubs: Real Madrid, Juventus and Cruzeiro): . LOTS of goals (Bizarre GK and defensive errors, lots of own goals). This was totally adressed in the 15.0.3 update. There still some keeper and defensive errors, but most of them seems acceptable as this is a football simulation game. Still, there are very few defensive errors (especially with wing/full backs) that seems a bit unrealistic. . Iconstancy (Long winning and losing streaks without apparent motives): As I've said, I'm propositaly playing with top clubs so, as of beta 15.0.3, I'm experiencing long winning streaks with some unlucky draws and some loses to stronger teams, something closer to what one can expect playing with these teams. . Bizarrely high frequency of yellow and red cards (3,4 or 5 reds in one game, all games of the round having red cards). This seems to have been adressed but still happens sometimes. I know some football games tend to be very violent, but having 3 red cards in two games of the same round in the Spanish League it still seems fishy to me. . Excessive player transfers demands and team meetings. This also seems to be adressed. Players now seem more mature as when to ask for a transfer and of when to call a team meeting, but there still some bugs, as when Llorente asked me a new contract and I promised to give him one in the end of the season. He accepted but the next day he was mad at me because I didnt agreed with a new contract straight away (And called a team meeting of course). Or when one of the younger players asked me for a transfer in the very first day after the window closed. And not adressing your players demands severely hinder their morale and their performances now! . I still dont like the UI, but I guess I'll just have to adapt to it. This game now is totally playable and Im pretty sure that SI will manage to correctly patch him untill the release date! A must buy for all football fans, as always!
game-hours: 1032.8
review: Too many injuries Man united never loose! Soldaldo could potentially run for world player f the year with his goal ratio kmt My defenders defend like a sack of piss, concede way to many The Gk's a joke to say the least This mofo'  has to be addressed or i will not be purchasing this mofo' again
game-hours: 231.3
review: great game
game-hours: 438.3
review: Never had a problem with years of FM from 2008 But FM 2015 will not work on my computer the sinc and graphics are not watchable and you cant keep track of ball or goals
game-hours: 73.3
review: Really worth it.
game-hours: 1063.3
review: My most played game within a few months says a lot about the game... and me 10/10
game-hours: 134.7
review: Fantastic game, well recommended.
game-hours: 291.5
review: Don't be put off by all the 'helpful' negative reviews, they were made when it was still in beta/just after beta. The game is very good, and I have found it to be the most enjoyable game yet. The 3D match engine has been slightly imporved (players do skills, back heels), and the layout is just aesthetically pleasing.
game-hours: 142.1
review: I haven't really had the game for too long, plus it is also the first Football Manager i've bought after getting bored of FIFA, but it is already taking over my life. Highly recommended.
game-hours: 8.5
review: Good mods
game-hours: 53.3
review: Its FM, you will play, get frustrated and hate it....... then play again good times.
game-hours: 867.7
review: I absolutly love Football Manager and have spent many hours ticking away the hours playing these games. With FM15 the developers have reverted to the sidebar which foir me seemed a step in the wrong direction but after a few weeks of getting used to it it's fine many hardcore FMers would argue it spoils the layout but this change i believe is a good one. Now to the game itself! FM15 Lets get the bad bits out of the way..I say bad it's not that bad but the match engine is still in the finetuning stage. From FM 13 which is the last FM i played it has been completly overhauled which in my opinion is a gamble but there is progress and its going forward allbeit slowly..lets not mention the nearpost corner glitch and stupid idiotic backpasses that go out for a corner, All that aside its a work in progress. Football Manager is about progress, not revolution, which is arguably what its audience wants, and exactly what this year's game provides.
game-hours: 35.2
review: Won the premiership in my second season as Leicester City. Currently in the semi-finals of the Chamions League. Not great on the reality front. Still better than Leicster in real life. Good fun game for veteans and newbies alike. Some concerns about the game engine, some justified. Though really the only viable football management game out there. Get it, its on discount.
game-hours: 402.3
review: As usual one of the best strategy games on the market. The new interface takes some time to get used to but it's definitelly better than in previous versions. Amazing game!
game-hours: 349.3
review: Always love the Football manager series and like the new features on FM 15. Alot have complained about the match engine but with the latest update and a tweak of your tactics you can games with no issue. Maybe some have an issue with only using one tactic for every match which is never going to work given the improved Ai.
game-hours: 100.2
review: You can never go wrong with this game.
game-hours: 0.8
review: It says its in my library and it's not, waste of money
game-hours: 762.4
review: 10/10 would buy again.
game-hours: 336.4
review: Not much can I say, except from this is the best game in the world.
game-hours: 318.1
review: I have enjoyed this series for a long time.
game-hours: 23.4
review: Good but hasnt got the real badges or game faces
game-hours: 8.8
review: only got this game yesterday and can i just say WOW, always thought of getting footal manager but thought it not going to be to much different to fifa career mode, i am so wrong the levels of depth in the game is amazing, ive problerly played quite a few hours and have only played 3 competitive games so far it takes a long time to set up and manage the team but will be worthwhile soon must reccomend this game 10/10
game-hours: 129.6
review: .
game-hours: 521.3
review: The best way to ruin your life. With newest feature: "The Daily injuries" One of my players got fractured ribs after receiving a lob pass from teammate. Physio Manager 2015 9.5 / 10
game-hours: 443.0
review: 10/10
game-hours: 28.9
review: I thought it would be a good idea to spend a fair amount of money on this game.... how wrong was I. It's just boring to play and sh*t, I thought playing with my friends would make it a bit more fun..... yet again how wrong was I, having to wait all the fu*king time just for some c*nt to press continue. The gameplay is w*nk, poor graphics and not even real names of the clubs are used. If you want to buy this game as something fun to play then don't it's sh*t.
game-hours: 135.0
review: sick game bar the inconsistency of the teams apart from that so realistic and quality
game-hours: 151.3
review: i actually love this game, but i don't watch the match. i just have the writing like old school football manager. games go alot quicker when i do this.
game-hours: 235.7
review: wicked game
game-hours: 159.6
review: Best of the series
game-hours: 98.1
review: Won the champions league, the premier league and the Fa cup in the same year.................. ......with Tottenham So realistic 10/10
game-hours: 429.6
review: took over my life
game-hours: 744.4
review: Better after patches
game-hours: 230.6
review: Not as good as previous years. The layout is not simple, illogical format in certain situations. But, still love the concept of the game, and so always play it; but the previous years are much better!
game-hours: 32.6
review: #AmazeBalls
game-hours: 22.2
review: Good but not great, 7/10
game-hours: 63.5
review: This game follows in its predecessors footsteps and adds ne features!
game-hours: 1481.6
review: FM15 very addictive .But the players are still not that quite intelligent yet bumping into each other , kicking ball their team mates and stuff like that. But i think its ok to play and stay up all night 8/10
game-hours: 214.8
review: Tip: If you are unable to win what seems like a winnable game, vacation for one day.
game-hours: 79.4
review: Recommendation for every football fan. :)
game-hours: 37.6
review: re named all players on teams I lost too   Dis game is dank as  11/10
game-hours: 111.8
review: I havent played FM since the 08 so had a pretty tough beginner time with this one, but after a day everything seems ok now. I am surprised that I haven't experienced the injury bug like a lot of people have been talking about in this patch, the game overall was fantastic. The only thing that pissed me off is the 3d match, really hard to tell if the players got tackled or not, sometimes it feels like the other players just purposely tackle ur players (The ones who's about to receive the ball) in the pelnaty area and nothing happens, even the commentary doesn't say anything. The models are just stupid sometimes, they just stand in one place and let the opponents run passed them. The goalkeeper never pick up the ball when they are supposed to, overall a lot of things wrong with the 3d system. Hope they will develop in the next game.
game-hours: 63.4
review: good game
game-hours: 20.3
review: If you are a fan of Football, you'll need to play this!
game-hours: 70.7
review: Hmm a well familiar players are too expensive to buy for an average club to buy..
game-hours: 317.5
review: Great game. Have been playing since the 98/99 days of Championship Manager and always find the money to buy on release day. Better and better year on year, a credit to the Sports Simulation world! Keep it going SI Games!
game-hours: 67.8
review: Great game, doing this for the steam achievement. But its so good to play on long flights/train and a welcome break from fifa 15
game-hours: 75.8
review: Best football manager simulator ever.
game-hours: 570.0
review: fantastic management game indepth players club attributes ive played every football manager game and every year they get better,great game engine,tho i dont use it i like to play with 2d classic mode,thousands of players to scout from around the globe,just a few glitches there are a few bugs that need fixing,but this does not affect the gameplay in anyway,overall id give it 8.5 out of 10, fantastic footy management game,a must for the any football fan,PLEASE NOTE,say goodbye to your freinds and family as you wont want to stop playing!
game-hours: 498.0
review: Brilliant Game 9.9/10
game-hours: 127.0
review: great game , best on management market
game-hours: 409.2
review: The same game as FM 14 but updated.
game-hours: 23.2
review: 9/10 as always :)
game-hours: 384.4
review: i have been playing football manager as long as i can remember and i absolutely love this game, but injuries are still a slight problem but apart from that, i dont know how they could top this game.
game-hours: 383.7
review: Very nice game as every year! Keep going!
game-hours: 163.8
review: I love this game and have been playing it for around 12 years. Although i do enjoy this version there is still alot wrong with it. The game day match engine is just not good enough and if it doesnt improve they should just revert back to the old days of watching circles run around the pitch. The stats for your manager at the beginning mean nothing as i won promotion with Sheffield Wednesday and the following season i was outside the relegation zone and looking like staying up (my objective was to fight against relegation) and they still sack me. Additional to this i was making the team money. This has happened to me twice with two seperate teams. The stats i choose at the beginning were for a top manager and there is no way a team in that situation in real life would sack a top manager in that position. The top clubs sign all the best players but these players would not be happy to be sat on the bench and not playing games at all, just not realistic). And the amount of injuries i am faced against, at one point i had 8 of my first team players out for 2 months or more. Like i said i do like the game though and will continue to play the gaem. I just hope our comments are heard and the game next year is better than ever and back to its origins at the top of the pile for its genre.
game-hours: 103.1
review: Great Game
game-hours: 303.5
review: 10/10 4/4
game-hours: 98.1
review: Won the champions league, the premier league and the Fa cup in the same year.................. ......with Tottenham So realistic 10/10
game-hours: 429.6
review: took over my life
game-hours: 159.6
review: Best of the series
game-hours: 235.7
review: wicked game
game-hours: 342.1
review: Brilliant game. Got to say i'm addicted to it at the moment. As you can probably tell by how many hours i've played. It's quite difficult at times but I got Walsall to win League 1 in my first season so i'm pretty happy.
game-hours: 25.1
review: It is very good however it is not allowing me to buy anything ... it keeps saying "Post Error 1" and i find it very annoying
game-hours: 63.5
review: BEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAASSSSSSSSSSSTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT!
game-hours: 113.0
review: Everything you would like from manager game. Only negative for me are some unrealistic transfer fees, nothing else. 9/10
game-hours: 106.4
review: Great game, perfect fit for football fans. Most enjoyed when played with friends.
game-hours: 87.5
review: Much better than last years version. I'm not a massive fan of the interface though, some menu's aren't easily accessible enough for new users, all in all, a quality game though.
game-hours: 283.4
review: You manage a footballl team of your choice.
game-hours: 567.0
review: Amazing game, really love the number of upodates and mods available for thsi game to. Truly customisable.
game-hours: 217.7
review: Addicitve
game-hours: 707.9
review: Brilliant game. The best manager simulation out there at the minute. However, I feel it gets a bit boring after a few seasons - just my opinion.
game-hours: 117.9
review: Not the best version of this game, but still as adictive as it always has been. The main issue is the amount of injuries players get, even for the slightest of knocks they're out for months. Apart from that, the rest of the game is fine.
game-hours: 24.8
review: Got the game on Saturday, lost about 17 hours in these past three days to the game. Abandoned all social obligations trying to get Leeds United to the Premier League. Currently sitting comfortably in 8th place in the Championship at around January. Havent been this addicted to an FM like this before. I wont stop until I get Leeds up or I get sacked. 10/10 feeling sleep deprived, yet slighlty content with my efforts in the game. Liam Marching on Together
game-hours: 293.2
review: If you are comfortable with the rest of the world thinking there is something wrong with you for being so serious about being a "fake" manager. Then this game is definately for you. Have played this series since forever and each year it just gets better.
game-hours: 155.6
review: love this game also have had hours of fun well worth the money
game-hours: 300.3
review: Got Southport from the conference to the Championship, then got sacked because my player of the year wanted to leave to bloody Stoke, kicked up a fuss and got his move. fans and bored angry at little old me and I lose my job. I nurtured this player, I made him what he is today, I am his daddy. I feel let down. Will this pain ever end? This unemployed manager doesn't think it ever will. Blackburn want me as their manager, but as a Burnley fan, I can't bring myself to sign the contract. 7/10 I feel like i've been cheated on.
game-hours: 201.9
review: addictive as always!!!
game-hours: 110.3
review: Love this game especially when I mod the game with the ebola mod and my players get ebola in England so I can't use them for 4years 10/10
game-hours: 33.3
review: great game, better then fifa
game-hours: 59.3
review: Game is great, yeah you will get pissed often, players will run like  but eventually you will realize it is realistic. It gives you so much, interface is amazing but AI sucks. Sometimes ball gets through the players (not in my case! when I shoot they block, when they shoot it goes through me!), players with Mertesacker pace run faster than Bolt but still... it provides amazing experience. It is not really a game you would play all the time, but when you are bored (no hard feelings towards FM addicters). It is overpriced, it is not worth 50, but I bought it on sale for 33 and I am delighted.
game-hours: 105.9
review: Played about 20 hours now. Pretty good, solid engine and also very addictive! Can't stop playing it. Once you get the right tatic, the game turns completely different as you will be winning alot of games. Totally recommend this game. 8/10
game-hours: 505.1
review: The best game ever!
game-hours: 23.0
review: It's my first FM and it's pretty fun.
game-hours: 304.0
review: Much better interface than FM14,Ontop of this the new mocap they put in the game adds a nice layer to the game not present in 14. For veterans of the game series there's just as much tatical depth and choice making as before whereas for begininers there are handy tutoriuls as well as a bountiful amount of fan create gudies and such. I would recommened this game to anybody with time on thier hands
game-hours: 776.6
review: so i used to get pirate versions of this game , i tried the 15 then i decided to buy it. i love the game , the layout , the gameplay , this together with the fmrte and things are fantastic, i will not be playing 14 for a while. buy it!
game-hours: 72.5
review: As someone who is not your typical gamer, i never know what to expect from a game, but i thought i would play this as it is a bit different from the rest of my collection.. I was not dissapointed at all. It took me a little while to get used to all the screens, but as i went along i found myself really getting behind my team, and almost shouting at the screen during matches haha. Very good, and a wicked time killer.
game-hours: 520.0
review: This game takes over my life every time! _
game-hours: 468.3
review: Yes but not for Full price. Like a lot of people I feel that paying every year 50/60 bucks for only few changes is not ok. I did not buy the game at full price.
game-hours: 433.6
review: i have play FM since 2007 and totally fall in love with this game. the last year sega release FM14 which is the worst in my opinion. but they release FM15 and i think its better than the old one, i love the new skin, although the match engine not much better but overall i recomended this game
game-hours: 127.7
review: This game is addictive,if you love soccer and managing a team/country then you should definitely buy this game.
game-hours: 261.4
review: <3
game-hours: 315.2
review: I am a long term fan of this game franchise since the good old Champ Man 2 days, however in recent years I've really struggled with releases - lots of broken features, and a general feeling of new releases being more of an update than a new version. I didn't have high hopes for this year... I'm happy to report that I've been proven wrong. The new UI is great, with the Google style search bar, and easy to navigate to important information on the menu bar on the left. The whole tracksuit / tactical manager profile option is a great feature, and at lower league clubs, you're able to directly involve yourself in the development of players without needing to hire in un-obtainable coaches, but it doesn't feel like a cheat as you need to surround yourself with motivators, tacticians and probably a Director of Football. I'm not sure on some of the new staff role - not really sure what a Head Physio does over and above a normal Physio, but the Chief Scout is great in removing the micro-management of setting scouting assignments, but it would be useful to be able to override his assignments if you need to. Match engine looks good, but still seems to have some bugs - I'm sure my strikers aren't offside half the time it's called, and often find muyself screaming "never" or "1-0 to the referee" at my screen, but that's no diferent from when I'm in the stands on a Saturday :) Overall, this is a good version of the game, and has re-invigorated my love following a couple of years in the wilderness.
game-hours: 151.1
review: Meh. A improvement is a improvement whether it's big or small.
game-hours: 1123.3
review: Havent played in a while while i was wating for the updates, had too many problems with it, but it did play on Win 8, 8.1 Previews, Normal And Pro, Lets See If it works on Windows 10 Pro Tech Preview Build 9926
game-hours: 1123.3
review: Havent played in a while while i was wating for the updates, had too many problems with it, but it did play on Win 8, 8.1 Previews, Normal And Pro, Lets See If it works on Windows 10 Pro Tech Preview Build 9926
game-hours: 100.4
review: Officially 100 hours of this game now. I havn't even played as much as I wanted to but 100 hours is still a remarkable achievement. There are some people with more than a 1000 hours I know, it's crazy. Bust that just sums up how addictive this game is. If you are new to FM it takes a while to get used to the game, everything looks so complicated and time consuming. FM is very time consuming, but that's what makes it so good, you can literally sit there for hours and not even realise it's been 10 hours and you havn't eaten. It took me a while to finish my first season with Arsenal (my supported club) because I was still learning FM. I was new to it this xmas, not the series it's self as I used to play the handheld version up to 2012 then I just stuck to FIFA, but after looking at it for PC I thought I would try it out, like I said before though, the first season is the longest, you know, your learning the game and it's mechanics, but after that you blast through it, in 100 hours I managed to complete 6 seasons, 100 hours seems like alot for 6 hours, maybe it is, but it's a very rewarding game. The game is semi realistic I would say, more realistic than games like FIFA but these are completely different games. Some transfers can be stupid and the agent fees you have to pay are obscene. But this does not take the fun away however does make it frustrating when you realise Rues has a release claus of 20 million but his agent fees are like 10 mil, which does come out of your transfer budget by the way. The tactic creator is spot on, the ability to chnage player roles, pick if they will attack, support or defend and setup individual and team instructions to make sure your players are palying how you want them. With FM I never fully got into training and he good thing is, you can make your assistant take charge of all training and match preperation so you can focus on the more important aspects like transfers and winnig games, if you wish. The match engine is suprisingly better than it looks, I really enjoy it, it gives you the ability to watch the games in 2D if you prefer or don't have the computer to run 3D. But that's no dissapointment, the 2D gives the game some nostalgia of championship manager with the dots moving around the field back in the day, good times. I wish they would add some way to upgrade stadiums and I wish they would have the proper Premier League licenses, besides this the game is excellent, I give it a solid... 10/10.
game-hours: 268.4
review: Apart from the occasional ridiculous injury crisis it's a good game.
game-hours: 197.1
review: good game
game-hours: 321.5
review: Love this game. The only problem is when I spend hours upon hours at a time playing.
game-hours: 91.5
review: Very great game
game-hours: 131.3
review: Football Manager is Football Manager I guess.
game-hours: 1353.8
review: Why there is no badges in russian leage ? why than is player injured during the match , he still can play until the final whistle ? the game is great ! I can play hours .....
game-hours: 36.5
review: Once again Sports interactive have hit the nail on the head.
game-hours: 236.2
review: One of the most addictive games. EVER !
game-hours: 51.6
review: i hope the game include full game packs so we dont donlot to another sites..
game-hours: 533.3
review: one of the best football managers to date, this is because of the new skin and the better more in depth database.
game-hours: 228.3
review: Don't understand why I have to login in to steam servers to play a game i have bought and played numerous times already. So frustrating to not be able to play MY GAME because your servers cannot cope!!!!!
game-hours: 212.7
review: Really GG :D
game-hours: 344.5
review: Juan Mata = 150 Million Mark Odegaard = 2 Million Seems legit
game-hours: 0.8
review: seriously bug after 15 minutes ,, all players in club change :D wow
game-hours: 109.5
review: Top Eleven was my introduction to Football SIm, I really liked the concept but always wanted to do more. Well Football Manager delivers. I always go in thinking, Ill only play one week worth of games, but stick around for hours!! The only complain that I have is the fact the fact that players always want to leave because im not matching their ambition? We just got promoted twice show some loyalty!! Hahaha but thats what happens in real life doesnt it? Highly recommend it to those FIFA players that try to play career mode but its not enough.
game-hours: 752.6
review: I have always been a fan of FM since the days of CM therefore I may sound biased. Good: It's another new version of the FM series that have grown from strength to where they are right now. The fact is that Championship Manager and FIFA Manager are no more in the market shows how strong the monopoly FM has on football management games. Bad: The crash dumps are VERY frequent. So I have to resort to saving the game before every game. (I hope that my save game NEVER get corrupted.) Overall, this is akin to an addiction to crack cocaine. You will just keep buying it every time it comes out. The painful part is that how do you start all over again if you are very deep in your game. (I'm looking at you FM 16.)
game-hours: 29.7
review: fantastic best 1 yet to date 10/10
game-hours: 128.3
review: THIS  IS CRACK. GET SOME HELP.
game-hours: 128.3
review: THIS  IS CRACK. GET SOME HELP.
game-hours: 14.7
review: Good game, much better than FM14
game-hours: 47.7
review: terribly unrealistic
game-hours: 345.4
review: Certainly one of the more difficult games in the series, but easy enough to master after a while. I've always been a fan of the Championship Manager/Football Manager games, and I can't see that changing any time soon.
game-hours: 68.7
review: this is a true greate game
game-hours: 152.0
review: Football Manager 2015 is a great game for anyone who loves football (soccer), and this simulation game has been great.
game-hours: 635.2
review: The best Football Manager yet. Just expect regular injury crises.
game-hours: 11.1
review: It has beautiful match engiene, some glitches but overall its fun to play. The scorelines do seem to be unrealistic at times but I love how everything has unfolded beautifully in 2015. You have that thrill playing against the rivals and getting new big name player. I'd love it to be bit harder and have some more tactical and traning settings.
game-hours: 600.3
review: i love this game the people who keep saying its bad dont know how to play the game properly its one of the best in years for me
game-hours: 523.6
review: Every year I can't seem to stop playing Football Manager.
game-hours: 19.8
review: what is happening i wanna die in a hole
game-hours: 419.8
review: Bugged game. Won Premier League with Arsenal. 10/10
game-hours: 5.6
review: This game is awful in my opinion unless you buy all of the DLCs waste of 30 dont make the same mistake I did
game-hours: 512.8
review: heogh
game-hours: 247.3
review: Game was released yesterday - I have 34 hours playing time on record. Wenger calls me names, Mourinho calls me names, Martinez calls me names, my girlfriend calls me names. Best Spreadsheet software to date.
game-hours: 112.4
review: Bought the game today because there was supposed to be a patch to fix the terrible defence and injury problems. I just started my first ever save and I already have 16 players injured. Every time I hit continue I was just waiting to see how long the next injury would be. Also, if you thought this game had any semblance of defensive players actually doing anything other than scoring own goals or watching players walk right passed them you are in the wrong place. I realize this is the beta but the release is in 4 days and I don't see them fixing that many problems with a comlpetely broken game. I'll play it again on release and the next patch but I'm back to FM 2014 (not much better) until then. Will update review upon full release and/or next patch. EDIT: Next game after writing this review I had 3 players injured during the game. This takes my total to 19 injuries before the season even begins. My reserve squad is nothing but loans and more injured players as well. Maybe that's just bad luck but seriously how can this many people be injured long term all at once?!? UPDATE: Upon playing the full release I can officialy say that the defense is still terrible and starting a new save fresh for the release has resulted in 9 injuries before the end of the preseason with Crewe Alexandre. So I am no longer playing the 'beta' and as I guessed the problems have still not been sorted out. Guess I'll just be waiting until they patch more to start again. If I'm going to lose my life to my football manager addiction it won't be to a severely bugged match engine.
game-hours: 306.7
review: I haven't slept in days. I got fired from work, lost my wife and kids, and my house is getting repossessed tomorrow. I did however manage to finish 4th with Spurs in my first season, only to be knocked out of the last round of CL qualifying. 10/10 edit: on a serious note, fix three things please: 1) Too many injuries (Ronaldo got injured three times during my first season at Real. He only played about 8 times during the season) 2) Too many goals. My first team is leaking goals at home against Rayo who are 19th. This happens on a seemingly random basis. 3) Players getting unhappy because they're not getting played. just starting my 2nd season and Varane is unhappy that he's not getting played enough. It's pre-season you !
game-hours: 171.4
review: Game is different than other incarnations in the fact that the ball in the engine is quite bouncy, until it hits the turf. You can't play one formation/tactic as the game goes on in the full mode, or you probably will lose as the AI makes adjustments. I'm currently in the middle of a Hyde coaching run, really enjoying the low level start and the ability to go to caoching courses. Overall, if you want a full in-depth RPG of a management game with the newest players? This is worth it. If you want a game that is already modded, polished, and fully tweaked, FM14 might be a better value. I bought it, I'll play somewhere near 600 hours again this year, so I can't help but recommend it, if you enjoy Strategy/Management/Man Management games. No other game has had me fist pump as hard as when the regen scouted CB Gustavo Ellacopolous scored the winner for Tottenham in the Champions League final. The game is as good as the effort you put in, especially at a lower league team.
game-hours: 312.6
review: This game will make that you will not have life...
game-hours: 5.9
review: i just bought this game, and it does not work, on my MAC, the game looks REALLY old, the screen is black everywhere, every second line, has this black shadow, and when i touch it, it shows. When i remove the mouse, it gets all black again.. anyone, knows how to fix that???
game-hours: 221.7
review: If you have played the others your soon know how addictive these games become, in terms of is it better than 2014? Well at first its not simply because of getting used to the new layout but once you master this then yes all the way. Better player interaction and match engine, and simply more behind the scenes as well to tweak. The staff on this game have been improved and how you utilise them, while still providing a challenging experience. 10/10
game-hours: 549.8
review: GAME IS GREAT.Injuries bit over the top.Lovin game engine.Massive step up
game-hours: 1000.1
review: The Beta version for this game isn't impressive; too many basic and fudemental errors, e.g. can't right click players into positions (have to drag them and it takes ages) and you can't do set piece instructions as the button does completely nothing :( But the game play is far better this year, with similar graphics to FIFA.
game-hours: 323.8
review: just one word "AMAZING"
game-hours: 70.8
review: Great FM Game has some issues which get sorted out soon anyway but its fun as hell
game-hours: 1015.2
review: I only played a little. Seems fun though.
game-hours: 87.6
review: great game the game is more like real and finally get better graphics. But there is some goalkeeper bugs need fix in beta and also the 1 on 1 is hard to score i only see my team score 1 1on1 at 1 season.
game-hours: 77.0
review: I don't know why so many people have been complaining. It feels the same as last years game but with slightly better graphics and a more organized, nicer menu/interface. If you enjoy football, pick it up in the sale!
game-hours: 244.9
review: Regarding a lot of these negeative reviews, I honestly do not know what game people have been playing. The new side bar is a massive improvement to FM's accessability. Each core page is now much easier to access, freeing up space for a large search bar to instantly find any player, cup or competition in the game's database. The new report page is excellent. It is now as clear as it can be what the pros and cons of each player are, making it even easier to scout the perfect player for your team in a given situation. As for the match engine, it keeps getting better and better each year and FM 2015 marks a big step forward with motion capture animations added to the mix. How anyone can play in 2D when the engine quality has improved so dramatically since its implementation is beyond me. FM 2015 is the biggest leap forward in the series for the past 2-3 years.
game-hours: 102.8
review: So far I loved the game, really good and fair enough to play it this year. Graphics really good, teams nice, players awesome and perfect training system in my opinion! Just the best fm till now! Awesome guys, really deserved the 50. My review is 9/10.
game-hours: 210.4
review: This game is very good, it's much better than the previous years, it seems a lot more technical, and your decisions as a manager, have more effect on your team and the game in general, i love the idea of being able to edit your manager stats, attacking, defence ect, it's really good and it's nice to be able to view them and use them in training, if anyone needs a question answered, i'd be happy to help :) Overall, i'll give the game 9/10 - reason being, is that it's only the BETA version, but i can't see there being much changed for the full version in a few days time (7th november) Thank you for yet another, great game!
game-hours: 241.5
review: only complaint for FM15 is ridiculous prices for players tried to buy shaquri from Bayer and they wanted 67 million no way is he worth that 15-20 max ,then tried to buy kovacic from inter and they wanted 51 and Lucas leiva this is ruining the game with stupid prices hope they can sort this out
game-hours: 478.5
review: Cannot play anymore due to "Runtime error"!!!!Heeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeelppppppppppppp!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 260.8
review: Liking it, changes to the game are subtle and things I cant be bothered with like press and training are far too repetitive but in saying that it has it good points, the over feel of the game is good, with the new UI they have made a lot of improvments. A word to the developers, think big, rather than loads of small improvments you guys need to go for a big leap, try and give us regular customers something to get excited about, stadium design or being able to create a club from scratch in the lower leagues of a country and make it a real force over 10 seasons+. But all in all, if your a fan of the series then you'll be happy with this...
game-hours: 779.2
review: Absolutely awesome! The new features are fantastic! Gets me continue playing and playing! Addictive again! Well done SI! If possible, they should add voice commentary in and that will be definitely awesome!
game-hours: 128.3
review: Almost 30 Hours into Beta 15.0.2 The game is perfectly playable right now, but there are some issues with defending, which I'm sure will be patched before launch this friday. If in doubt then wait till the full release and reviews of the patched version before paying up.
game-hours: 209.6
review: 10/10 will ruin life
game-hours: 156.2
review: Love this game, not much difference from last year, and my cons are that im liverpool ,beat bayern munich 4-1 had like 20+ shots , beat chelsea 2-1 had 15+ shots played crystal palce my striker missed two sitters -this stiker has finshing of like 19, losted 3-1 there striker score hatrick with finshing of like 13 makes sence, i had 25+ shots they had 5 , 4 on target
game-hours: 52.1
review: dsdd
game-hours: 288.4
review: loved it
game-hours: 188.4
review: I have loved this game series for years, and preordered the new one, and even though I would reccomend it, it is slightly bizarre... Loads of goals, loads of injuries, loads of yellow/red cards, and sometimes you go on losing streaks that are unrealistic and absolutely impossible to get out of. I finally managed to get ahead in a game and one of my players was sent off so I lost. It sort of seems like they want to make it as difficult as possible. They just need to tone it all down a little bit, and it should be fine. I mean, one player I was against scored 4 in the first half. I mean Liverpol are bad the moment, but I think it is slightly unrealistic for Abel Hernandez to get 4 against me in the Capital One Cup in less tha 45 minutes. Never mind, I can focus on the league. Oh wait, it is impossible to win in it. I'm sure it will improve once the Beta period is over.
game-hours: 606.5
review: Based on beta - Played all Games since day 1 and most have had there issues but then its very hard to wipe out all problems with such a variation of methods. Nothing i would class as gaming breaking occured and any issues with 3d engine can generally be ignored or altered tactics wise to suit. Easily the best and most comprehensive version thus far, much improvement to GUI, scouting etc and requires more patience when lower league. Think all the changes are for the better and enjoying new challenge of working out all the new nuances and mechanics.
game-hours: 167.5
review: Good game!!
game-hours: 604.6
review: I will RECOMMEND that you buy this game, don't listen to all this negative recommendations
game-hours: 189.5
review: The Beautiful game just ot a make over. After Playing the series for a number of years now, I was expecting the same thing. Yet it seems so much improved on things I didn't even know needed improving. 1 example is the "competitions" menu. It shows where you are in the league and cups. The staff are more helpful and I like the introduction to tunnel interviews. The 3D graphics now involve motion capture in them and look much improved. 1 thing that is really noticeable is tweaking a system. Example, my false 9 striker was not getting any goals but I was winning games. I change him to poacher and he gets bucket loads. If you love football and you love the idea of managing your fave team, get this, it's a no brainer.
game-hours: 45.4
review: Pros -New UI (while it may take some getting used to its superior to the old one) -Scourting (much better and more realistic than the old system also great new scouting reports) -Stadium view with banners -Chatting with players board journalists etc improved -New tactics creator much better both vissually and technically Cons -Need some patching -Goalkeepers seems to be completely useless (even the top ones) plus their reactions in 3d game engines reminds me of kidengarden kids tring to goalkeep (they make me wanna go to 2d games again). -The new generic logos for the non lincenced leagues are bad (guess we'll have to wait for workshop to fix)
game-hours: 100.3
review: So far so good. Lots of new features to play with. Couple of downsides so far though; New layout seems more cluttered than before. Stock skin is horrible on the eyes, hoping someone makes a nice clean skin like fm2014 was. Easy on the eyes. Playing as a club with Red as a primary colour if very difficlut to do. As are some of the other colours. Not so bad with White.
game-hours: 272.3
review: Well in my opinion this is by far the best football manager to date. The graphics on the 3d match are really good the gameplay seems alot smoother goalkeepers actually make really good saves. Ive seen alot of people moaning about the BETA version what you all need to understand is the whole point of this is so any problems that do occor you let them no they fix it and to be fair there are a few faults. 1. Theres way to many injuries within pre season. 2. Theres been to many times when the ball is in the box and the strikers or defence dont really do anything about it too many realistic goalscoring chances missed. 3. Ridiculous transfer fees i no in fm14 it was the same but it seems unless you have 40 million to spend on one half decent player then you aint getting a half decent player. Theres a few more things but i reckon the developers will fix all this before the game is actually released so im not worried. Its well worth the money and if your a die hard football manager player then once this little things are fixed youll love it.
game-hours: 441.6
review: I love the series, but this one is a mess so far. There are some good new features in the game, like the new scouting system - makes the game experience even more realistic. I played with Carlisle Utd - a low profile team in England second devision which relegated from 1st devision last season. The initial goal was promotion - the board set a budget of 0 transfer funds and 4-5k wages for additional players. I believe this goal is almost impossible to achieve even for the most hardcore players. I loaned 8 players for free from teams in the premier league and signed few free agents but even with them my team couldn't match most teams in 2nd dev. I am still recommanding the game because I believe SI will fix all issues.
game-hours: 147.5
review: Another great iteration on the Football Manager franchise. Some upgrades and tweaks throughout, although the UI is a little harder to navigate this time around. Matchday engine is upgraded and press conferences feel much more natural.
game-hours: 93.9
review: Good game - honestly, I still prefer the layout/interface from 2014, but I probs just need to get used to it. Crashed on me twice over 3 hours (Mac) which is extremely annoying as I have to replay games (won 3 the first time, it crashed, played the games again and drew 2, lost 1). As a result my macbook nearly went out the window. Get it sorted!!! Also FAAAAAAR too many injuries - most of them being 3weeks+ 4 games into the season and half my team were injured. Although this is only the beta, there are loads of changes that have to be made and hopefully they are fixed when the full game is released. If it stays the same way, chances are I won't have a laptop to play it on for very long.
game-hours: 109.9
review: The game is just awesome! Really good job from sport interactive! I suggest it 100% Careful with crash! I had crash but SEGA helped me ;) Buy this  <3
game-hours: 63.0
review: Although the most challenging of the series so far, more because of the new adaption to the layout and the scouting methods. For me its a big improvement on user interface but the harsh amount of injuries it makes progression a longer task where you have to put mild detail into the smaller things instead of throwing it to your below par AM. I suggest it if you put a good amount of time into the later games but for a newbie 13/14 would be a safer choice in the way of enjoyment of the game and winning things.
game-hours: 162.1
review: Best one yet!
game-hours: 129.7
review: Great game, play the demo and judge for youself. I've only played FM 14 and this and I am enjoying it greatly so far. Ignore the negative reviews and judge for youselves, its a shame the majority of the FM community are moaning .
game-hours: 232.0
review: Its good
game-hours: 170.3
review: best game ever :3
game-hours: 54.9
review: Just as good as every other, there is no better game out there.
game-hours: 71.3
review: injuries are broken, other than that its good :)
game-hours: 119.1
review: good game
game-hours: 659.9
review: Even better than 2014 one. The management style, interface, player search and scouting; these and many other changes makes it awesome.
game-hours: 428.2
review: I FEEL FM 15 TO BE EXCEPTIONAL I BELIEVE THE MATCH ENGINE TO BE VERY MODERN AND THAT THE NEW USER INTERFACE IS REVOLUTIONARY.I PLAYED THE BETA WHICH I FOUND BRILLIANT,BUT THERE WERE SOME PROBS BUT IM GLAD TO SAY THEY HAVE BEEN FIXED FOR THE FULL GAME. I WAS FALLING AWAY FROM FM FOR A BIT DISPITE PLAY EACH OF THE LAST 5 BUT FM15 HAS BROUGHT ME RIGHT BACK TO WHY I FELL IN LOVE WITH FOOTBALL MANAGER
game-hours: 1133.2
review: very much similar to previous iterations...but that's exactly what we are looking for!
game-hours: 294.8
review: I feel this is the best Football Manager out of all the old ones. It is much more fun, with plenty of things to do to improve your team and many difficult decisions you have to make to become successful. Therefore i recommend all of you to buy it if you are interested in Football. But the negative side of this game is that it does not have enough online players willing to play online, it is more fun if you play it with friends! On a side note if you want to join me in Football Manager you can add me, im almost always on steam.
game-hours: 77.9
review: Addictive!!!!
game-hours: 19.3
review: It is a great game to play and the menus look better it is worth the money
game-hours: 385.4
review: Got fired 10 out of 10 saves started 10/10 buy it
game-hours: 170.9
review: I have alway been a fan of football manager, when igo t this game i was dead excited. if there is anyone who enjoys taking control of tactics, training and team talks and is avid football fan then i wojld recomend this game as its enjoyable and challenging at the same time.
game-hours: 10.7
review: Having played many of the footall manager games in the past, I admit I became bored of the same layout, things to do etc.... FM15 is really enjoyable and has re-ignited my love for this genre. I love the way it is no too deep, that it bores the pants of you, but also love it, because it has everything that you need from a FM game. The choices you make both to the media, players alike all have repecussions, and I have to say it is quite realistic with the in match options too. hats off for FM15 for a good game. Only cons I have is the lack of premier league clubs badges and players faces etc, but I suppose that is to do with the licensing laws.......... Would recommend.......now for the league
game-hours: 74.6
review: Football Manager   .    .     .   ,    ,   .  ,   ,   .       .           ,   . Thanks, FM!
game-hours: 1066.1
review: Absolutely amazing game for people that love the tactical side of Football (Soccer). My most played game by a longshot.
game-hours: 65.6
review: :D
game-hours: 212.7
review: Nice game, nice interface, pretty accurate database. I always thought that it was a scissors, paper, rock game and I should just fine the "thing" to win all games but it's not. The thing you do "on the bench" really affects the players on the field. The 3D is indeed pretty bad but for me it doesn't matter because I use 2D. If I wanted a graphical football game I would have chosen Fifa instead. The initial version was full of bugs but now, with the latest updates, it feels good.
game-hours: 52.7
review: Absorbs me everytime !
game-hours: 56.6
review: Calling Football Manager the best management sim out there is always a redundant statement. True as it is, its peerless excellence has chased any significant rivals away. But the biggest task is tempting players away from their carefully built career in the previous game. Sports Interactive know that its games biggest competition remains itself and, as you may tell your team at halftime, they must guard against complacency. FM15s changes tend to contribute to gentle improvement rather than startling disruption, but should do enough to tempt you into starting that managerial journey all over again.
game-hours: 619.1
review: Infinitely better than FIFA. Also I have no life any longer.
game-hours: 201.5
review: adfgarf
game-hours: 74.6
review: Football Manager   .    .     .   ,    ,   .  ,   ,   .       .           ,   . Thanks, FM!
game-hours: 295.6
review: good
game-hours: 47.2
review: 10/10 would manage football again
game-hours: 201.5
review: adfgarf
game-hours: 105.6
review: Look, no game can be perfect. Yes there are some issues with the new interface and match engine, but for a simulator such as this, FM is frankly amazing. Overall, I have to say that Football Manager 2015 is a massive improvement from its 2014 counterpart and would highly recommend it to all Football fanatics. If you are a past FM player and have been dissapointed with past versions, i honestly BEG you to revisit your perspective and try out FM15 (Please..)! It is a big step up from 2014 and is worth the money. 9/10
game-hours: 118.1
review: Awesome
game-hours: 1099.6
review: BETTER EVERY INGOD YEAR
game-hours: 62.5
review: I bought this game expecting to be hired by a real football club however im still waiting this is slower than amazon
game-hours: 1435.6
review: If you generally speaking have an aversion towards people around you, love football in all of its aspects AND need an excuse to disappear behind a PC screen for a couple of days back to back then this is the game for you... Huge improvement compared to FM 2014, which in itself wasn't a bad game either.
game-hours: 38.4
review: Really enjoying the game right now, I like starting with a lower league team and rising them up to the top league. I'm currently playing as Stoke after being offered a job there because I promoted York City to the championship! Loads of possibilities, my only issue is that there should be some FMC features in the normal FM mode apart from that good game.
game-hours: 128.8
review: Excellent game if you like football. Easy to get into... very difficult to master. Be warned..... free time is now a thing of the past and days playing this game will roll over into each other and before you know it, the next one is out!
game-hours: 111.0
review: Great game. Veteran player of Football Manager series and I feel this game lives up to the Football Manager reputation. I got it at Christmas time so missed reported bugs that now mainly seem to be fixed. As ever match engine can be tweaked to make it better but overall Football Manager 2015 will provide many hours of fun.
game-hours: 363.0
review: Another wonderful addition to the Football Manager franchise! I'm an avid fan of the game and truely love this version. Don't be put off by all the negative comments, if you enjoyed playing any of the previous versions, buy this one and just quite simpily expect more details. BRILLIANT purcahase, hours of fun/swearing at your players. May I also reccomend the DVD released along side this game, it was a fantastic insight, I won't spoil it for you though!
game-hours: 769.9
review: Very addicting game, love every minute of it. If you love football, you will love this game. Although this year's version takes some getting used to, I definitely rate it higher than FM14.
game-hours: 167.8
review: 10/10. This game has ruined more of my hours than anything else.. Have been playing Football Manager Games even before Steam ! Absolutely sucks you in. The best part is when the players you scouted and picked up in game for cheap become super stars in real life :)
game-hours: 680.5
review: I like the new updates. Nothing to complain about FM15. The work permit for the Premier League is no longer an issue compared to FM14. I can now sign whoever I want and send them off to a feeder club or let them take up a roster space.
game-hours: 1435.6
review: If you generally speaking have an aversion towards people around you, love football in all of its aspects AND need an excuse to disappear behind a PC screen for a couple of days back to back then this is the game for you... Huge improvement compared to FM 2014, which in itself wasn't a bad game either.
game-hours: 99.9
review: Still the best football simulator game.. After I missed the 2014 series, this 2015 series is a much improvement from 2013 series.. The most improved part is: (1) higher complexity in handling players' contracts and negotiation with other clubs; as well as (2) the improved tactical variety (player's role, etc). While this could be a little bit cumbersome for those who new to this series, I believe the built-in tutorial will be very useful.
game-hours: 128.8
review: Excellent game if you like football. Easy to get into... very difficult to master. Be warned..... free time is now a thing of the past and days playing this game will roll over into each other and before you know it, the next one is out!
game-hours: 531.2
review: For all the people on here complaining about goal bugs etc, they have almost all been fixed. This is clearly the best football manager yet, much more in depth, and yes there are a few flaws, but if you'd care to name me one decent videogame without a few flaws I'd be much abliged to hear. If you are a fan of football management sims, get this game! Its as simple as that ;-)
game-hours: 535.5
review: Good Game like all year :)
game-hours: 27.2
review: I have played this for a whole now. Last time I played FM was FM12. I really like the fact they have two different game modes + if you want to cheat, you dont have to add a third party application. In this time with viruses etc its a great thing to have a thing available that the public wants. It should be free and not a payed add on. If you like FM I can warmly recommend this game. It tuns smoothly, I think its easier to play than earlier verions, the ingame graphics are much better, even on the laptop I'm playing with.
game-hours: 103.4
review: Very good game, best of the fm games. Shame about the premier league not having the licensed badges, but this can be added using steam workshop.Game is more fun when playing online together rather than single player (my opinion) Would definitely recommend
game-hours: 38.4
review: Really enjoying the game right now, I like starting with a lower league team and rising them up to the top league. I'm currently playing as Stoke after being offered a job there because I promoted York City to the championship! Loads of possibilities, my only issue is that there should be some FMC features in the normal FM mode apart from that good game.
game-hours: 412.2
review: Great Game
game-hours: 152.0
review: best football manager in years!!
game-hours: 245.5
review: The dribbles and fouls are so kyooott~!
game-hours: 29.5
review: Great Game
game-hours: 542.5
review: Best one yet! 5 stars
game-hours: 8.7
review: Good.
game-hours: 407.5
review: i hate this game.
game-hours: 213.9
review: First Football Manager that I have ever played, so I can't really tell if previous games were much better/worse. I haven't had any bad experiences with the game. The game runs smooth, no crashes or other error-related situations. Also, the diversity and possibilities within the game are good, in my opinion. I am playing an online mode with a friend of mine, which makes the game even more fun. Never thought I could be so addicted to this game, but wow...it's pretty addictive if I say so.
game-hours: 253.6
review: Yeah its good, buy it.
game-hours: 152.2
review: I cant enable in game community to access the in game editor. Can someone help?
game-hours: 393.0
review: great ganme
game-hours: 119.7
review: Core experience remains the same but an upgraded match engine and a few new features make this a worthwhile addition. Much like it's predecessor, FM2015 is an evolution of the series rather than a revolution. This is both a bad and a good thing. The main differences between 2014 are mainly numerous small things that I will not mention here. I will mention the two things that stand out to me however. 1.) Match Engine: This has been in my opinion, greatly improved. Matches seem to flow better, there are far more moves, goals scored seem mutch more varied and over all it makes it harder to predict the outcome of a move (something I found I could do with previous Match Engines due to having seen the same "move" over and over again). Overall I think this is the best 3D match engine they have released. 2.) Layout: For some reason they have decided to completly change the layout and all the menu's etc. This is still p*ssing me off as the changes seem illogical and now takes me much longer to go to screens than before. I can see no reason for the change apart from for changes sake. It doesn't make things easier or quicker or more intuitive and generally just slows things down as it can take awhile to dig into sub menu after sub menu to look for the page you want. For existing FM2014 fans this may not have enough of a change to warrant a full price purchase but for players of older versions or new players I think the updated Match engine do warrant the game for consideration. Overall I do recommend the game as overall I find the FM series to be excellent, however note there are not a massive amount of changes compared to the last release.
game-hours: 1863.5
review: With last update, i am beging to love the game, with proper graphics it almost like fifa 13 graphics in terms of game play, but still need improvement. the best aspect of this is the scounting aspect, you need to get this games in order to experience what i am talking about.
game-hours: 88.7
review: okk
game-hours: 39.9
review: nice
game-hours: 306.8
review: Graet game! NO DOUBT!!!!!
game-hours: 133.2
review: I've been playing this game for 5 years and I'll always say - Yes to Football Manager and No to other soccer management simulation games. This game have the largest player and stuff's database, salaries and characteristics are close to real and the diversity of tactical changes makes us to think in a new way. With each new step developers doing Football Manager more interesting and better. The only disadvantage was and still is the graphics of 3d matches, but it's not the game's main component. There is no limit to perfection as they say. My mark is 9 out of 10.
game-hours: 250.0
review: I ing hate this game
game-hours: 107.6
review: it is a fun game to play you should get it, it is worth the money i have never played at football maneger before but i will be sure to continue
game-hours: 106.3
review: More of what made the past games great
game-hours: 98.0
review: This is probably the best football manager simulation in the market. The game is deep and also quite difficult if you are brave enough to manage lower tier clubs. SI seem to ix the bugs and there are no game breaking bugs which I have encountered. For the football fanatics out there, this game is highly recommended.
game-hours: 248.5
review: game yang selalu ada di komputer dan laptop.. best game forever..
game-hours: 30.6
review: LOVE LOVE LOVE !
game-hours: 60.0
review: my game keeps playing up, giving the whole game different names, every other day it does this. not impressed.
game-hours: 13.7
review: Football Manager, needs strong rivals, just like a serious football team. While the FM isn't the most innovative and most impressive game around, it's still the best football management title. 8/10 would recommend.
game-hours: 419.7
review: A lot of people over the years have hated certain new installments of Football Manager. However, for an addict who has been playing since the first CM came out everything is as beautiful as it should be every year - UNLESS you play with the 3D graphics on, which is absolutely horrid but then again you can never go wrong with 2D. Of course, there are some bugs during matches and some inequities but when you're a manager you know that life ain't fair. Keep on managing till you cry blood when you score with your underdog team against one of the big guys of football and have that mental  when your months of tactical work pays in the end. The best  that has been changed are the UI, Scouting and the Tactics panel. I absolutely love the new circular star things over the players in the tactics screen. I'm an FM addict so whatever you give me I will play but those of you who feel the same about it will surely love and play this game anyway. We need that fix yo.
game-hours: 67.3
review: Brilliant Game. Yes Injuries are mainly constant but players normally only out for around a week tops(People make it sound like months.) New Patch also has resolved concerns on the bad situation invlolve the defence/goalkeeper. Highly Recommend!
game-hours: 1518.8
review: Really enjoying this game, Although there was lots of injuries when i first started. I feel like the game is a harder and focuses more on man management, for example if your player is unhappy about their contract or the amount of games he's played then he can disrupt the squad unless you sort the problem out. Overall I'm enjoying the game my highlight so far has been managing Man Utd and being 3-0 down at half time against Newcastle at St James's Park before switching to an attacking tactic i created and bringing on James Wilson who scored a hattrick in an incredible 4-3 comeback that included two stoppage time goals.
game-hours: 394.5
review: REVIEW AFTER UPDATE 15.03 The game goes much nicer then the first one after this update, match engine improvement, many bugs been solved though some not fixed yet, but its expected since its still on Beta. Can't wait the full release on November 7, I hope by that time most of the remaining bugs or maybe all the bugs are fixed. I love the side bar panel on this year version, sure need time to get used to it but for me its more simple and nice to see, they put much more detail on feature on this year version too like team talk etc. Many improvement from last year version that I cant write it all but for me its worth to buy it though its still on beta and even more worth to buy after the 15.03 update. Almost 100 hours playtime on two weeks for me that mean this is a game that worth to be in your library if you like to become a football manager.
game-hours: 17.4
review: This game is a must have. I hate soccer in real life, its SO boring to watch and i think its one of the worst sports. However this game is amazing that it makes me like soccer and makes me want to get into it. The realistism of this game from simple stuff like player moral to the more complicated things. If only EA sports could do as good of a job as this company does... (This is WAY better then football manger 2014 FYI)
game-hours: 639.6
review: awesome game !
game-hours: 642.5
review: So far this such a great game just downloaded and it is entirely better then any previous versions. Hands down one of the best football simulations to date.
game-hours: 589.2
review: every year is ing better, best football simulator in the history of humankind hahaha
game-hours: 55.5
review: Addictive. Really addictive. Really really addictive.
game-hours: 816.2
review: Tunnel Interviews............ :D Nothing more needs to be said currently. I'll review further after sleep and sustinence.
game-hours: 129.7
review: Still the best football game available on PC for those who want an in-depth football experience. With an almost endless varity of opinions and possibilities, it is a must for any football fan. 10/10
game-hours: 17.8
review: How can I reccommend this game when I cannot find the EDITORS anywhere on this site?
game-hours: 7.6
review: 1) lack of leagues 2) no option to create your own custom club. It's funny but in FM2012 such option is available. I've just lost my money buying such <censored>.
game-hours: 90.3
review: I was really looking forward to playing football manager 2015 on PC, as I've always experienced only hanheld version. The difference in accuracy and particulars between the two is immediatly noticeable. There are two main modalities: a simplified one (closer to handheld versions) and a full-simulation one (suggested to expert FM gamers). According to me the game in both modalitites is quite difficult, furthermore I'm really concerned with the fact that I can't find a suitable tactic for my team. Manager's functions are completely outstanding, as the give you a wide range of possibilities, and in genereal they seem to be close to reality. In general the game is really entartaining and amazing, with nice 3D graphis, that enhance the whole simulation effect. In general the game is very nice.
game-hours: 442.1
review: Hooked already. Great game, and love most of the changes.
game-hours: 119.5
review: The sidebar is welcome. Generally the screen layouts have been much improved. However the match engine feels like a bit of a backward step, although I understand that it's early days for the motion-capture route their taking. The one thing that drives me mad the most is the sound of ball being kicked; a noise happens every time a player kicks the ball, even if it's a mere tap a foot a head of them. This is most fustrating during intra-squad friendlies when there is no crowd noise to "ease the pain".
game-hours: 440.0
review: LOVING THE BETA CANT WAIT FOR FULL GAME ON THE 7TH
game-hours: 33.9
review: I only recently got this as a prerelease before it comes out on November 7th. I never played any previous FM's and this is certainly very addictive. If you like football you will love this game. I didnt even go with a top dollar team :O
game-hours: 136.7
review: good game but takes 3 minutes at least to save the game ...please fix that
game-hours: 362.3
review: My Players are stuck on international duty and dont return help please
game-hours: 188.1
review: First of, I have to say that I love the FM series, with over 180 hours in Fm2012, near 200 in Fm2013 and near 400 hours in Fm14. I started the game as Manchester United and played my first season being crowned champions I believe I have an idea about the game, so here are some Pros and Cons: --PROS-- The interface (takes a while to get use to) is great Better game engine (animations and such) New ways to transfer players (talking them into it etc.) Scouting makes sense Game created youngsters are good Potential view is better at scouting --CONS-- Its hard to sell players Talking to the chairmen got harder Wonderkids level up in a long time --UPDATE #2-- Since the game came out I changed the review. 9/10
game-hours: 38.3
review: Love the game new to the manager series computer and they help you understand everything and give you tips
game-hours: 159.3
review: Loving the Beta. Love the new interface. Better scouting and training system. Animation is better except the part where players seem to be skating (i don't care). Worth every penny for the fans of the series. If you are new to the series/genre then you may wish to wait out the bug fixing phases.
game-hours: 685.1
review: nice game .. after not playing this game since 2008
game-hours: 11.2
review: While presenting an extremely innovative and immersive experience of the football management appeal, it leaves gamers who are unfamiliar or rookie to the sport in the dark. Though the game is of high appeal to those who are well versed in the world of English football, one could easily advise those who are unfamiliar to steer away; this game is not for novices. This isn't to say that this lack of equality is a detraction from the game itself - quite the opposite - for those seasoned in English football, the game provides a beautiful experience for the hotseat of game management and requires extremely detailed choices for all aspects of the job in order to ensure success both on the field and off.
game-hours: 86.5
review: This game is highly reccommended by me. 100% buy. The game has had a huge improvement from 2014 and the game has come a long way since it first started. 1 huge feature that they have improved is the way your team listen your advice and it can actually make a difference in your. New features making it a more realistic manager simulator. The wide range of players and team availabe and giving you a chance to choose how much of an experienced manager you are. This is a must buy to big Football Manager fans and don't be dragged into it being a copy of last years version. To me it is a huge improvement from 2014. MUST BUY!
game-hours: 164.5
review: Personally I like the game :) Finally I can move from FM13
game-hours: 184.8
review: I rate 8/8. But seriously though this is a great game. For the past two years I've spent WAY too many hours on football manager games and I reckon this won't be any different. Yeah there are some problems, yeah it could be better in some ways. But hey, it's a brilliant game other than these miniscual problems. I fully recommened it to anyone intrested in football as it's a game with so much depth you wouldn't beleive. Pros + Detail/Depth (The database is used by real clubs it's accurate!) Addictive (You just don't get bored) Challenging (It's much more challenging than in recent years) Interactions (It's nice to see much more options in interviews) 3D Match Engine (Yeah it's got it's problems, explained below, but it's still good) New UI Design (The new user interface is so much easier to navigate, give it a couple of hours and you'll never want o go back) Cons - 3D Match Engine (The only reason it's a problem is if your tactics aren't good enough it makes the players make stupid mistakes and can be quite unrealisitic and frustrating. But if it was 2D it wouldn't be as bad just because you can't see the mistakes as much. Just get your tactics right. Match Engine (So hard to defend, so easy to score. Expect LOTS of high scoring games for no reason) Crashes (This has happened 3/4 times since I got it on the 29/10 happens at any time, hope it gets sorted soon. Just set it to save every fortnight and you'll be fine) So overall another great game which I much prefer over the recent games and fully recommend.
game-hours: 123.4
review: Absoutely love the new interface. Only thing I don't like is that there is a large emphasis on scouting this year, much much more so than last year's edition.
game-hours: 186.2
review: Well, after FM 14 I didn't think that m going to buy another fm but i decided to give it another chance. and i m proud of my decision. even in beta its a better game than fm 14. interface is nice and clean with a lot of information. scouting is really good. and match engine is really smooth with motion capture. even in beta this game is the best fm game ever.
game-hours: 266.4
review: Just keeps getting better and better...
game-hours: 91.3
review: good stuff
game-hours: 1.4
review: It has many bug on macbook pro (osx 10.10 yosemite). Ex. every quality of match graphic isn't smooth. Please deverlop for osx 10.10
game-hours: 458.9
review: Its Awesome! As long as SI fixes the known bugs then it will be Legendary!! Hope they keep pro-active and updates often!
game-hours: 266.4
review: Just keeps getting better and better...
game-hours: 1.4
review: It has many bug on macbook pro (osx 10.10 yosemite). Ex. every quality of match graphic isn't smooth. Please deverlop for osx 10.10
game-hours: 734.3
review: Best football management game theres is. Simple as that.
game-hours: 39.0
review: Decent sports sim game, does have the drawbacks of quiet a steep price for what you're getting due to a certian amount of repetitivness. All in all a fun game though and if you're into football and want something different to Fifa 15 a decent buy.
game-hours: 240.6
review: This game is very fun to play, it still has a few bugs but hell, it's still in Beta. Full game release is 7th of November, be sure to get it if you haven't already, because this game is sick!
game-hours: 915.4
review: New UI is very good Seems that there is a lot of matches with too many goals (too easy to score and concede)
game-hours: 253.9
review: It all comes together after years of being a wierd disjointed experience.
game-hours: 104.3
review: Well its obviously much improved from last year FM edition, improved GUI which need sometime to navigate through much improved scouting, etc that was exciting but of course, it can still improve for the upcoming weeks
game-hours: 205.0
review: I purchased this game two days ago while it was in the BETA version and then today clicked to play and had to wait for a download (which i assume would be the fully updated game) and i have found it is exactly the same as the Beta version. I am talking about things like the team badges (prem leauge) in the BETA version they are made up and have seen videos on youtube of people playing FM2015 with the teams having the real and correct badges. Can anyone tell me how this is and where i am going wrong......i have looked for another update for the game with no luck. The spanish teams have their real crests but most other countries do not so i feel steam have robbed me as i cannot find a way to contact them.
game-hours: 161.9
review: match engine not as good asprevious, needs major surgery if it is to succeed
game-hours: 915.4
review: New UI is very good Seems that there is a lot of matches with too many goals (too easy to score and concede)
game-hours: 253.9
review: It all comes together after years of being a wierd disjointed experience.
game-hours: 104.3
review: Well its obviously much improved from last year FM edition, improved GUI which need sometime to navigate through much improved scouting, etc that was exciting but of course, it can still improve for the upcoming weeks
game-hours: 205.0
review: I purchased this game two days ago while it was in the BETA version and then today clicked to play and had to wait for a download (which i assume would be the fully updated game) and i have found it is exactly the same as the Beta version. I am talking about things like the team badges (prem leauge) in the BETA version they are made up and have seen videos on youtube of people playing FM2015 with the teams having the real and correct badges. Can anyone tell me how this is and where i am going wrong......i have looked for another update for the game with no luck. The spanish teams have their real crests but most other countries do not so i feel steam have robbed me as i cannot find a way to contact them.
game-hours: 161.9
review: match engine not as good asprevious, needs major surgery if it is to succeed
game-hours: 84.1
review: great as always
game-hours: 64.1
review: Keepers seem to be really slow at reacting and bad back passes are a reoccurring theme! But overall a solid game.
game-hours: 188.9
review: This is the best FM i've ever played. Some wonderkids really can make a difference despite of their young age. The game machine is getting better.
game-hours: 62.5
review: great game gfx best ever new look is good takes some getting used to but easy to figure out
game-hours: 3.8
review: It's still the classic football manager, but.... the new interface just ins't quite as intuiative as the old. Some good new features but a few bad. Perhaps I need time to get used to it, but I have had to look some things up to work out how to do them. There is definate room for improvement. Not too sure about the role you play as a coach either but that might develop.
game-hours: 521.9
review: I don't know about the negative comments out here, but mine is fine and perfectly run smooth. I love the new match animation, you now can be satisfied when you have player with high technique in your team. Love it!
game-hours: 39.0
review: Decent sports sim game, does have the drawbacks of quiet a steep price for what you're getting due to a certian amount of repetitivness. All in all a fun game though and if you're into football and want something different to Fifa 15 a decent buy.
game-hours: 283.3
review: Buy this game, hire Roy Keane as assistant manager. This game have done something completely new to the series. It has managed to perfectly capture the personality of Roy Keane. I'm so amazed at how everything this game makes him say or do matches reality 100%. The brutality of his tactical advices, his ability to motivate, his no-nonsense way of dealing with reporters. Also, he's a mental coach, so there's the fitful juxtaposition "Roy Keane (Mental)" in every advice tab. I've not had any bugs, and everything is running smoothly! Great game!
game-hours: 87.9
review: The best game out right now. Whether it be conquering the ancient world, colonizing a map or planet, winning a world war, or dominating your fictional baseball league; this simulation/strategy for some reason has always been and continues to be more fun and better. If you aren't a soccer fan yet, it is only because you haven't played this.
game-hours: 110.7
review: I love Football Manager! This 2015 edition is still addictive and I personnaly really like the new UI which is a lot easier to use than the old way (in my opinion). Let's be honest though, if you have already played FM13 or FM14, you are mainly purchasing minor improvements and updated teams with FM15, a bit like the FIFA/PES games.
game-hours: 2033.3
review: The game is quite good. Some new features but why you change things without a reason. Just to change something. What I don't like? 1) Tactics screen. These drop down boxes. Really bad idea. Chaos. 2) New skin and colors. FM2014 had a good skin and colors. Improved from version FM2013. If something is good don't change it just to add something new. 3) I don't use 3D engine but it looks fine. However players still swim or fly on a pitch. Animations still really poor. To SI If you could change these tact screen and add a new skin and normal colors would be great. One more thing SI. I think that after all these years you could get more licences hyyy? If EA can what's the problem? Still worth to buy.
game-hours: 318.3
review: Ezequiel Ponce <3
game-hours: 11.6
review: dam you sega
game-hours: 104.0
review: Real amazing !!!
game-hours: 172.4
review: Amazing as always
game-hours: 323.9
review: Awesome game, I'm a big fan of it.
game-hours: 174.1
review: The game is not perfect, we all know it. The match engine is not perfect, we all know it. Sometimes defender just decided to fall asleep and let the opponent stiker alone and score. Sometimes the opposition goalkeeper becomes a god and saves all that's been thrown at him. There will be frustration, I guarantee it. But we still love this game, because this is Football Manager!!!
game-hours: 497.9
review: Good game, defending is a bit wonky and AI offers and agrees to player swaps way more than in reality.
game-hours: 67.2
review: Great improvement on graphic this year!
game-hours: 333.8
review: Overall the BEST FM gameplay ever !!! i'm hooked on to this FM15
game-hours: 218.3
review: Good game so far..
game-hours: 292.5
review: not sure there are bug or not.. but average booked 4yellow card per match. WTH btw overall still is a good game.
game-hours: 134.4
review: Sound game! If your a fan of the FM series, then your sure to like this game; the game continues to progress each year. Although, there is only slight change, it does make a much more beneficial outcome!
game-hours: 434.8
review: More realistic changes on form of a player tha before, plus closer realism on goals with scrambles and imporved grapics with the ball / players reacting as could really happen. Watch out for transfer problems like transfer listed and work permit problems. Still good stuff, very well researched
game-hours: 681.7
review: The fixes have been excellent, and FM 15 is a fantastic game
game-hours: 67.2
review: Great improvement on graphic this year!
game-hours: 681.7
review: The fixes have been excellent, and FM 15 is a fantastic game
game-hours: 434.8
review: More realistic changes on form of a player tha before, plus closer realism on goals with scrambles and imporved grapics with the ball / players reacting as could really happen. Watch out for transfer problems like transfer listed and work permit problems. Still good stuff, very well researched
game-hours: 287.6
review: great
game-hours: 2482.1
review: I like the game, it'd be nice if steam could take a long walk of a short cliff though as it's ruddy obstructive and annoying when it stops me playing. Stupid software.
game-hours: 329.1
review: Good game, plays well. There aren't too many injuries as some have suggested, nor is it too difficult. With a well devised tactic and a solid training plan, success is very possible. Having said that, there is now a bug that prevents the loading of the game at all. Steam yet again is proving to be an utter abortion of an application. Why on earth I'm compelled to use this third party trash to load my game is completely beyond me.
game-hours: 56.7
review: Great game i played so far the new design is refreshing giving a new hole experience on this amazing saga of conquests!
game-hours: 34.8
review: great game
game-hours: 1908.1
review: This version of football manager is much more realistic in terms of the match engine. People have been saying that scorelines are very large and unrealistic but that has not happened with me. I concede about a goal a match and that is normal. I do not see huge scorelines even in other leagues. There are occassional blowouts like 6-2 or 5-0 but tht happens in real football matches too. I mean so far this season Real Madrid beat Deportivo 8-2 and Sunderland lost to Southampton 8-0 so these blowouts are normal and happen every season. The scouting ystem is way better than in FM 14 and the whole face of FM 15 is revamped and looks so much better. The only complaint I have is sometimes it is hard to fing things. Like how to demote a player to my U-21s or how to search for staff. Other than that its a complete and fun game to play. 8/10
game-hours: 200.3
review: cant seem to get started again after beta version but was good upto that point!
game-hours: 276.2
review: Pros: + The UI Improvement + The scouting is more challenging and not auto reveal skills, much more like real life + The game engine improved Cons: - I play it too much 9/10
game-hours: 94.0
review: Awesome game, love it! Just wish there was more variety in the workshop. the game needs alot of things, like the kits, logos, etc. but still an amazing game to play alone or with friends.
game-hours: 287.6
review: great
game-hours: 2482.1
review: I like the game, it'd be nice if steam could take a long walk of a short cliff though as it's ruddy obstructive and annoying when it stops me playing. Stupid software.
game-hours: 329.1
review: Good game, plays well. There aren't too many injuries as some have suggested, nor is it too difficult. With a well devised tactic and a solid training plan, success is very possible. Having said that, there is now a bug that prevents the loading of the game at all. Steam yet again is proving to be an utter abortion of an application. Why on earth I'm compelled to use this third party trash to load my game is completely beyond me.
game-hours: 56.7
review: Great game i played so far the new design is refreshing giving a new hole experience on this amazing saga of conquests!
game-hours: 34.8
review: great game
game-hours: 1908.1
review: This version of football manager is much more realistic in terms of the match engine. People have been saying that scorelines are very large and unrealistic but that has not happened with me. I concede about a goal a match and that is normal. I do not see huge scorelines even in other leagues. There are occassional blowouts like 6-2 or 5-0 but tht happens in real football matches too. I mean so far this season Real Madrid beat Deportivo 8-2 and Sunderland lost to Southampton 8-0 so these blowouts are normal and happen every season. The scouting ystem is way better than in FM 14 and the whole face of FM 15 is revamped and looks so much better. The only complaint I have is sometimes it is hard to fing things. Like how to demote a player to my U-21s or how to search for staff. Other than that its a complete and fun game to play. 8/10
game-hours: 200.3
review: cant seem to get started again after beta version but was good upto that point!
game-hours: 231.7
review: Its Football Manager
game-hours: 201.2
review: Amazing!
game-hours: 561.4
review: awesome!
game-hours: 524.2
review: THIS GAME IS A MUST BUY!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 229.1
review: love it
game-hours: 196.8
review: perfect
game-hours: 308.2
review: Best.Game.Eva.
game-hours: 82.5
review: great game if this is what you are into, football club simulator basically at its core. when you get into it you keep wanting to see what happens after the next match. wish i had more time to play
game-hours: 482.4
review: I would heavily reccomend this years version of football manager. In my opinon it is quite a bit better than last years version. The bugs in the match engine have been fixed and it plays better than ever. The new UI is nice and slick, very useable and saves me a lot of time. The biggest improvement is the scouting system though, it's much more dynamic and genuinley interesting compared to before.
game-hours: 57.2
review: I recommend this game. I love Football Maneger, and this one it's one of the best. Some bugs of course, but nothing to worry about with.
game-hours: 146.1
review: eu love a potes
game-hours: 257.5
review: While no significant changes since FM2014, it's a worthy improvement, especially with the new UI. Some of the earlier issues have been addressed by the latest updates but still the defensive / crossing aspect of the game engine seems rather flawed. Also the motivational man management of the squad can be rather annoying to deal with, it's just a matter of learning the best responses to the relevant question. Scouting has been much improved (in terms of realism) over recent incarnations of the franchise. Worth buying but not an essential purchase 7/10.
game-hours: 195.7
review: overall very decent, good upgrade to 13, although the game time sideline chat feels like it doesnt have much affect easy to explore, good menu design and new report page with strengths and weaknesses comes in handy
game-hours: 246.3
review: a must for true football passionees ( passionate people )
game-hours: 592.5
review: would defonately recommend to the fellow football fan.
game-hours: 140.4
review: Ive played Football Manager for years and its always slightly tweeked from the previous edition, however FM15 is totally different. Love that you can shout at your players mid half and the choice of what you can say is good. Buying and selling players is harder but it is easier to win matches cos you have more control of your tactics. I'll give it 8.5/10
game-hours: 2.9
review: Database accurate and very fun game.
game-hours: 196.5
review: Really fun and good reallity ,
game-hours: 128.3
review: Baller
game-hours: 223.6
review: It is Ok, I played a little.
game-hours: 358.9
review: A bit overload of goald, but apart from that, amazing game... An definate upgrade from last year!
game-hours: 40.5
review: hbastrhgea
game-hours: 200.0
review: sound
game-hours: 282.4
review: Best game ever!!
game-hours: 129.0
review: fantastic game!!
game-hours: 92.9
review: ff
game-hours: 353.1
review: good stuff BARROW AFC!!!!
game-hours: 283.9
review: Best Football Manager Yet
game-hours: 114.7
review: A+
game-hours: 383.0
review: Tough to find a formation as always but massively addicitve
game-hours: 16.3
review: Can't actually load it for the minute. Will post a proper review when I can!
game-hours: 779.7
review: It's enjoyable.
game-hours: 383.9
review: MiaSanMia, lads! good game overall, it's better than 2014 imo.
game-hours: 499.1
review: Same game as the last couple of years. It's a little better with the newest patch but a lot of things still dont matter. - The teamspeeches dont seem to do anything or you get negative results from it even though the game says you should say that to them. - Clubs controlled by the game buy up all of the best players and then dont even let them play, making it very diffecult for you to create a team that can win big prices. The players how go to those clubs and the after a year are put on the transferlist dont want to move to your club because they are playing at a better club even though they didnt play a single match. - Scouting uses a system where you can see what percentage your knowledge of a player (0-100%) is but there is no option in the scoutingmenu to say 'Scout to a 100%'. And even then at 100% sometimes the players potential still isnt completly scouted. - When asking the board to raise the salarycap for staff members it gets raised by 200 Euro's which isnt nearly enough to get any improvements. - Whenever one of your players get injured during a match its never the games fault. It never gives itself a red or even a yellow card. But you get red cards constantly. - Still cant reload my save during matches. It's an offline single-player game. If I want to reload my save during a match who cares. These are the main problems. And yet its still very addictive, the best football management game out there and I cant stop playing.
game-hours: 524.8
review: They should actually try to make a good 3D so we could watch the games instead of just reading the comments or watching balls vs balls :P and the injuries ... anyway i enjoy 90% of the time playing it so its cool :)
game-hours: 177.8
review: ive already bought the game. but when i go onto steam i cant load the game up. does anyone know what i can do
game-hours: 63.2
review: Good information.
game-hours: 287.7
review: I see all these negative reviews about FM 2015. And I strongly disagree with most of them. First of all yeah there are a decent amount of injuries during a season. I played quite a few seasons and after looking the average amount of injuries that occure both ingame and in real. I must say it has been made quite realistic. The amount of injuries I got a season appear to be just below the average in real. So I must say this is quite good. The amount of own goals has been a big complaint aswell but compare it with the amount the average top team of each league gets it is just a bit more than in real. That is mainly because in real they dont count everything a own goal that has been last touched by a defending player while FM 2015 does. I could go on for a while with ruining people's their complaints but in general this version of FM is better than all of the previous ones. The menu is amazing now and the possibilities are endless.
game-hours: 1019.3
review: Good game better then 14 more tactiacally involved, buy players want too much money and clubs want to much money for a player
game-hours: 322.6
review: I've always been a fan of football manager games, so this review will be a bit biased (when I say "a bit", I mean completely). If you have played the previous FM games and are a fan then I would recommend buying this. you will lose hours and hours of your life playing this. If you haven't played an FM games before and are enthuastic about football management, there's no time better than now to play this. I can't really tell you the difference with FM14 and FM15, apart from an updated database but there apparently some new features.
game-hours: 173.5
review: great game
game-hours: 241.7
review: Its ok .. It can sometimes make you happy.....but alot of times really really angry....I would reccomend it but the most id pay 4 it would be 25$...
game-hours: 148.7
review: Really addictive. With several improvements than last version, good work SI.
game-hours: 397.9
review: New patch, urgently! Change the match engine to make the game playable.
game-hours: 635.3
review: Recommend
game-hours: 944.6
review: I've bought every Football manager game after the big split and a fair few champ man ones before that. Have to say I'm slightly disappointed by this years offering. Very little of interest has been added. Sure more conversations to be had but the quickly boil down to the same six or seven answers your're always giving. The management style is fun but quickly seems pointless and gaining the licenses if little more that a tick box exercise. The engine does look better and although far from perfect the board interaction is more detailed but with the bugs still there. What has to be the most annoying part for me though is the amount of time the game wants you to do basic HR work. From the exciting world or contact negotiations to micro managing every action your apparently half witted staff carry out is long winded. It's made even more annoying by the fact your backroom staff rarely follow you and often the first few weeks at a new club (admittedly usually lower league for me) is spent waiting to get a assistant manager before being able to do anything at your new club. All in all it's more of the same and the updates are enough to keep me interested.I hope that more effort is but into making the game more fun for those of us who like played 10/20 seasons into the future. More interesting press conferences with much more answer variety and maybe the ability to negotiate not just a move for you but your whole backroom staff. It's a begrudging yes vote from me but hopefully with improvements in the future.
game-hours: 135.1
review: I like the new skin, generally a small step forward
game-hours: 68.7
review: Before I start praising this game, a couple of points. 1. I currently have ZERO senior squad injuries (And about 5 in my entire 77 man senior and non-senior squad) 2. I started the game with quite a few high scoring games; but have now reduced this to a series of 2-1s. I cant keep a clean sheet to save my life but Im not set up to do so. I dont know if that counteracts some of the other comments. I would also say that the injuries/ big scores seem to be more probable at the start of the season. Not sure if its related to you being a new manager and your players just coming back from holiday If you are considering playing the franchise for the first time then ask yourself two questions: 1. Do you accept this is a management sim rather than a strategy game? 2. Do you have plenty of hours to spend making a sucession of decisions that you dont really know are having an affect. If you answer Yes to both of the above and have a love of football, then welcome to your second (and unpaid) career!! FM2015 is put, quite simply, the most complete management sim around, and gives the best opportunity to prove that you really know what youre talking about down the pub and how much better you are than your local team's manager. What really sets this game apart is the intransigence of the match engine - you never REALLY know whether your tactics are going to work, making each and every game unpredictable and exciting. What matters in this game is not what you do in each individual match (ignore the fans, they're dumb) but how you fare over a whole season. The random variation in the match engine is quite large, but over time it minimises itself. If you can handle losing games you should have won in return for knowing it wont shaft your overall position, then you and FM2015 should get along just fine. Where it tends to go wrong is if you just cant accept defeat (or a player injury, it would seem). The game is not perfect. For every great thing, there is a little le. For instance, the match highlights can make your team look fluid and genuinely exciting; but then at times your players can just stand their with the ball as the match engines is obviously deciding what to do next. And how many times do I need to see my free kicks sail over the bar? The User Interface is MUCH better than FM2014, but the filters dont always work as you would like them to. The scouting system is intuitive and attractive, but your scouts sometimes say things that arent true. All this les are relatively minor and dont impact on how well you do, but you do sometimes wish that SI would game test a bit more. But overall, and this is the most important thing, I love the game. Im not sure exactly when this turned from a game into a sim; but this year you will have to deal with Financial Fair Play as well as Transfer Windows (If there were two things designed to annoy FM players...) If you think FFP is all part of the 'fun' then go out, buy the game, take time with the closed season, dont expect too much in the first dozen games and just enjoy the superiority complex you get from successfully managing a fake team in a computer game. PS. Its one of those games where the more you know about it, the more fun you'll get. There is tons of stuff out there explaining the tactical side of the game. I would recommend taking the time to read some of it.
game-hours: 99.5
review: Graphics and interface are great, the challenges and the new features are nice too, BUT THE MATCH ENGINE IS STILL AWFUL. PLEASE SPORTS INTERACTIVE FIX THAT MATCH ENGINE WITH DUMB AND BIZARRE PLAYS. I play FM since the first ones and the match engine and A.I. always sucked, it seems that the newer versions keep the same horrible match engine. Anyway, i still recommend the game if you are a football addict.
game-hours: 40.3
review: fantastic
game-hours: 466.9
review: Buy the game! It's deep it's deeper it's the deepest football simulator ever
game-hours: 156.6
review: It's annoying that it gives away some bad goals (rarely though), but apart from that, FM15 is a great game
game-hours: 41.5
review: Bought this game after the December update and regarding the problems many other customers have complained about below I have to say after four full months of the first season I havn't had any problems with crazy amounts of injuries and the match engine is not producing crazy results. Its not a perfect game, I think if the developers spent more time and effort on it then the game could be what it should be in the year 2015 after the 23 years of product development time they've had since I first played CM on my amiga 500 back in the day, Not to get to long winded - In my opinion its the best version I've played yet but it should have been this good in 2001. Pro's - Steam workshop, fast gaming experience relative to previous versions, lots of options, not neccessarily overly complicated, match engine is capable of the beautiful game at times and does manage to elicit strong emotions in me, did I mention steam workshop? Cons - GKs sometimes go mindless for a few seconds in match engine leading to fantasy breaking silly goals this happens maybe once every three games, -Having to always watch the kick offs and final whistle highlights in match engine even if nothing interesting happens, -About once a game in the match engine a pointless highlight will show and last too long even though nothing interesting is happening.
game-hours: 779.7
review: It's enjoyable.
game-hours: 383.9
review: MiaSanMia, lads! good game overall, it's better than 2014 imo.
game-hours: 499.1
review: Same game as the last couple of years. It's a little better with the newest patch but a lot of things still dont matter. - The teamspeeches dont seem to do anything or you get negative results from it even though the game says you should say that to them. - Clubs controlled by the game buy up all of the best players and then dont even let them play, making it very diffecult for you to create a team that can win big prices. The players how go to those clubs and the after a year are put on the transferlist dont want to move to your club because they are playing at a better club even though they didnt play a single match. - Scouting uses a system where you can see what percentage your knowledge of a player (0-100%) is but there is no option in the scoutingmenu to say 'Scout to a 100%'. And even then at 100% sometimes the players potential still isnt completly scouted. - When asking the board to raise the salarycap for staff members it gets raised by 200 Euro's which isnt nearly enough to get any improvements. - Whenever one of your players get injured during a match its never the games fault. It never gives itself a red or even a yellow card. But you get red cards constantly. - Still cant reload my save during matches. It's an offline single-player game. If I want to reload my save during a match who cares. These are the main problems. And yet its still very addictive, the best football management game out there and I cant stop playing.
game-hours: 55.4
review: Me likes. Nice tweaks and updates from previous titles, nothing groundbreaking perhaps but solid update and in my opinion worth the yearly upgrade.
game-hours: 409.8
review: When i try to load my saved game it just comes up with 'cannot load saved game'?
game-hours: 654.7
review: I've owned CM/FM since the early nineties and would reccomend this edition. It's a big improvement on last years edition. Match engine is better than its been for a while. Football Manager Classic has also improved and is a welcome break from the full fat edition, a bit like the CM of old that was fast paced. Biggest con is still the media press conferences, been in the game for a while now and they are complete crap.
game-hours: 543.3
review: Ooohh, guys! I haven't seen enough of 3D match and playing to criticize injuries but tactical window is really awfull. I am playing FM for three years and learned a lot of hints that use but I cannot cast overall team picture, first of all it regarding player roles. Team in tactics window looks like a heap of scrap, I failed to set up player roles through it. New image of correspondece skills and position needs to measure with a scale, it very uninformative. Second, tactics windows on a match. On my 15" display I see only part of player skills when try to find him optimal role. It's very very uncomfortably. Dear developers, please fix it on the next patch but early will be better. Reccomendation is advance. Curse of FM that before third path - game is really different to play. Good luck, we trust in you!
game-hours: 306.2
review: Football Admin Simulator 2015 10/10
game-hours: 480.2
review: If you love to build or put together things - like teams - than avoid this game because IT'S FCKN ADDICTIV!
game-hours: 177.8
review: ive already bought the game. but when i go onto steam i cant load the game up. does anyone know what i can do
game-hours: 63.2
review: Good information.
game-hours: 72.6
review: I approve
game-hours: 614.1
review: can someone please tell me how i download the english league logos?
game-hours: 167.4
review: Much better than recent FM offerings! FM 2015 is the best yet!
game-hours: 63.0
review: Good but boring
game-hours: 365.8
review: Amazing game overall! Sometimes the game is scripted though, like losing to  teams.
game-hours: 116.3
review: so fun
game-hours: 101.0
review: This game, in a word, is *addictive*. I find myself losing hours to this spreadsheet simulator, which to all my better judgement seems to be a random number generator which calculates football scores, completely detatched from the rest of the tactical, managerial business behind the scenes. And yet there is a chance that the tweaks you make to the team that lost 2-1 last time away to Brentford, would transform the team into Chelsea beaters and take you to the FA cup final and win glory for your beloved team. And that emotional empathy this game creates is as close to the real thing as watching a real football match on the TV. Superb.
game-hours: 189.9
review: I found the 2015 version to be so much better than the previous years. Get it.
game-hours: 203.4
review: Multiplayer works flawlessly in my experience playing with 3 friends. Everything outside of the match engine is significantly improved over last year. The match engine is worse than ever with odd goalkeepers, lots of injuries and extremely glitchy gameplay. When playing online it's really funny to see how awful the stadiums, celebrations and general gameplay is and it's still a great RPG. In single player it's considerably more frustrating but it makes for some funny stories and there isn't a better alternative. If you want a realistic football/soccer simulation, this isn't it; it's not even close. However, you really aren't going to do any better and you will still get over 500 hours out of it, if it's your kind of thing.
game-hours: 180.5
review: Everyone that is giving this game bad reviews is clearly just rubbish at it. I've been a hardcore football manager player for years, and this is by far the best yet. Mastered it. Hope all these with rubbish reviews get better at the game before leaving bad reviews :)
game-hours: 269.3
review: Quite different from the earlier versions and will take some time to adapt. Some new fixes, but all in all it feels more or less just like an updated version of FM14 with transfers etc. Would still recommand, unless you have higher expectations to the game.
game-hours: 556.6
review: excellent game!
game-hours: 177.2
review: No problems with the game. Really good setup and layout.
game-hours: 31.9
review: Started with football manager 2013 just out of curiosity (one of the top played games on steam being a soccer management game, lolwut?) since then I've been hooked though, this series continues to be the best management simulation game I've ever experienced, and this year only gets better. Match engine and tactics are far better than in 2014, from what I've experienced so far, and it's a great game overall, like always.
game-hours: 38.6
review: First off, I want to say that I was in two minds about getting this game. Reviews from the fans didn't seem very positive and as this game has a great community and fan following I was quite shocked. the main criticism has been the frequency of injuries. From what I have seen this is not even true! If anything i've seen fewer injuries than in previous versions. I have been looking closely to see this so called injury problem yet i've never seen more than two key players being injuried at one time and not even for very long! It's overall a great and addicting game and my favourite yet if i'm honest. However, the match engine, although improved, is quite poor and freak goalkeeper mistakes don't seem all that freak anymore as they occur quite a few times each season. However i'm pretty sure the match engine isn't much to go by (the commentary sometimes says completely different things to what the match engine shows - e.g player shoots really wide but the commenary claims it was almost in) this isn't much of a problem in all honesty and if you had commentary on only you wouldn't ever notice. The new menu layout is really good in my opinion and finding what I want to do is now much easier and quicker making me actually pay more attention to tactics, training and scouting (which I have often ignored to a large extent in previous games) Overall I'd say this game is great and the series is still going strong. So glad I got this game, I would advise you buy it too!
game-hours: 242.3
review: TOP GAME IN THE WORLD !!! 1111
game-hours: 9.8
review: It's one of the best football games hands down
game-hours: 13.2
review: Good game, but you can't really compare it to other football games like FIFA and PES. This is a very tactical game, and you can easely get fired, but overall a very good football game, Ratings: Graphics - 6/10 - Nice interface and layout, but when you play a match, it isn't as good to look at. Gameplay - 8/10 - Tactical and very good! Mods - 8/10 - Nice amount mods and tweaks to this game, and they are working absolutley fine. Overall - 6.7/10 (Let me know to other things to judge) (I know of the YouTubers FootyManagerTV and StatApp, comment more people!)
game-hours: 181.5
review: Overall, FM15 is a good game. Different from FM14, providing different tactics and new ways of training. There are also some improvements regarding press conferences, they are shorter compared to FM14 and the question variety is greater. Touchline team talks was also a good addition and the overall general layout is technically easier than FM14. Saying that though, if you are an experienced FM player be prepared to take a while to get used some minor details, such as making a player avaliable to the under 21 squad is under the development tab instead of a squad tab. The 3D match engine is slightly better, however sometimes the goalkeepers do not behave like real goalkeepers in the 3D match engine. not diving, sometimes the keeper slides across on his two feet to save a shot instead of diving, other than that it is an improvement. However, the game by default does not have badges or logos or many player faces, you have to download that yourself. The tactics are technically more straight foward, if your new to FM you may find them easier compare to previous FM's. However, if you are experienced it will take a while getting used to the changes. To conclude, I would reccomend the game, however it is not a big improvement to 14 and it may perhaps be better to wait for 16 or wait for more updates, however if you do decide to buy it, it is still worth it.
game-hours: 222.9
review: Absolutely baffled by some of the negative comments about the game. I've not played FM since FM 12 so maybe the minor improvements over the years impress me more than most. I agree that the training is a liitle poor and needs work and I have only played 15 hours but overall I've found the game very good. Its not outstanding like the earlier versions but it is always going to be difficult to develop it so far forward without ruining the gaming or changing it beyond recognition. So far I haven't had any major issues with injuries and the match engine is fine with no silly mistakes and goals from all over the pitch. If you've not played FM for a while like myself then buy it but it appears if you have been buying it year in year out then maybe you need to take a break away from the keyboard, get some fresh air, a bit of sun and come back to it in a year or two. Oh and some places sell the game for 20 which isn't a lot really.
game-hours: 55.5
review: i hate the issue of syc cloud for my save game.. i have been playing on 2 computers and i never get syn for my save file... and do not tell me about setting that click on that little check box. i have done.. hate this problemmmmmmmmmm
game-hours: 186.3
review: There really is NO game on the market that puts you more into the situation of being someone you are not, of giving you the role of a manager, of involving you in the day to day trials and minutia of that job. And, aside from that, this years' version (though weirdly under publicised for some reason) is a comparatively huge leap forward for the franchise and I would reccommend it to anyone - even if you have ZERO interest in football. Hell I'm not even a fan of football myself - it's just that the tactical depth of this game is unsurpassed by ANYTHING else out there. Most importantly for fans of the series the overhaul on the match engine this time has really made games a joy to watch, touchline instructions following advice from your assistant are vastly more intuitive, the tactics editor is finally streamlined AND comprehensive, and the old tool-tips system has been replaced by a novel and extremely usefull "?" help system. It isn't without small faults. The random training injuries this year can seem extreme. Your best player can be out for a season for being injured whilst picking his nose. I know footballers are pansies but come on! Experienced players will find that it takes some adjusting to familiarise yourself with where everything is despite all the help and information now made available. Some of the player interactions, whilst they certainly make things more interesting, just arent that likely - getting totally raged on by one of your players simply because he does not play in every single game can snowball into him deliberately infecting the rest of the team and the board sacking you and, again, I find this a little extreme. Also, the new ability to use social media doesn't work quite the way it should and is heavilly biased toward Google. Despite its many tiny flaws this years version IS far better than any that have gone before. The negative reviews from long term fans are, in my opinion, written by people who do not like change. Regardless of what you think about the series THIS is the best FM game there is. 90%
game-hours: 5.0
review: Oyunun deien mens dnda bi fark yok. Men oynan dahada zorlatrm fakat yinede srklyo.
game-hours: 571.9
review: I have only played this game a little bit, but it's ok.
game-hours: 105.1
review: Football Manager just gets better and better
game-hours: 416.9
review: This game has been a massive improvement on FM 14
game-hours: 122.9
review: Enjoying the new layout, although it's taking a little longer than I expected to adjust. The game does seem to be a bit harder than 2013 and 2014, which is good.
game-hours: 260.0
review: I bought this game a little while after its release and have to say i had some issue initially....I think its very very different from earlier games and that was an initial turn off. BUT Now iam abit more into it i think its wonderful,as addictive and fluid as ever, time to change my underwear as before :)
game-hours: 151.0
review: Good games.
game-hours: 155.0
review: good game, get it
game-hours: 110.1
review: Best FM since 01/02!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 82.9
review: Such an addictive game once you get in to it. Great fun getting a low team into the top league!
game-hours: 589.2
review: I absolutely love this game
game-hours: 408.1
review: Great game
game-hours: 95.1
review: I haven't played since FM13 and I'm happy so far. Very addictive, nice layout and easy setup. Having a lot of trouble in the transfer market so far, but it's still only the first season on it so I'm hoping to figure that out. Would recommend :)
game-hours: 28.9
review: The game definitely has some issues but it is still your bog standard footy manager and I am enjoying it
game-hours: 151.0
review: SICK
game-hours: 28.9
review: The game definitely has some issues but it is still your bog standard footy manager and I am enjoying it
game-hours: 151.0
review: SICK
game-hours: 302.8
review: 10/10
game-hours: 276.2
review: great great game best football manager I have had and I have had 5
game-hours: 347.4
review: I saw rather a lot of negative reviews for this, complaining not enough has changed or been added from previous additions. This is the issue with sports games, we predominantly pay for the transfer window update and a new skin but with the return of the side bar, better player interactions and the weight of your decisions being more important than ever - Football Manager 2015 is just as addictive before and I'm sure I will sink many more hours into this until 2016 version is released, with updated transfers and a new skin.. Ultimately, this is the best thing to sink hours into and with no alternative and it's much better than FIFA for management sims, this is as good as it gets!
game-hours: 213.4
review: Great Game !
game-hours: 251.6
review: Its better than 2014 version.
game-hours: 72.8
review: Reading all the negative reviews of the game I thought I'd come and give my two cents. I've played FM since the 2005 edition and FM15 is my favourite iteration yet. The game makes you feel, now more than ever, like you're in charge of a football team that is composed of individuals, not spreadsheets. Here are the pros and cons I've found so far: =======PROS=========== -Player management has been revamped this year and players behave more realistically than ever. You cannot sign a player on a key player wage, not play him and expect him to be satisfied if you drop him for no reason. Additionally, other players in the squad may side with him and make your position untenable (resulting in you getting sacked for "losing the dressing room"), or on the contrary, complain about you treating him too kindly if you give in to his demands. Players going to the press will also get picked up a lot more and you will be facing insistent and often annoying questions on how you're handling the player in question. This leads me to the next pro: -Improvements to media handling. Anyone who complains about the increase in media occasions from FM14 must not know that you can give over control of media handling to your assistant. Handling the media is a key part of any managerial job and I appreciate the fact that SI have tried to make it feel as real as ever. Having a pesky journo run after me in the tunnel after a  performance, I found myself snapping at him, which shows how effective adding these (rather small) features has been at enhancing the experience of managing a football club. -The match engine is a lot prettier than earlier versions. -The interface, while it takes some getting used to, is great and feels a lot crispier than earlier versions. Small decisions like splitting staff and player searches into the "staff" and "scouting" categories make the game easier to navigate. -Scouting has been vastly improved and it is now easier than ever to make the scouts suit your needs rather than them giving you reports you don't want to see. The option to have them scout leagues for specific player types, such as a replacement for an ageing first team player or a promising youngster, also add to the organic feel of the game. ============CONS=============== -Although the match engine has been tweaked since the release, it still needs a bit of work. Crossing and long shots by players who, given their attributes, really have no business hitting 30 yard screamers 5 times a season still exist although they're being worked on. -Injuries seem to happen in waves, where you'll spend 6 months injury free and then have 5 players get long term injuries in the same week. It's frustrating, but again, the last patch did introduce changes to injury probabilities... It just needs to be tweaked a bit. -Although I enjoy the new interface, the tactics screen absolutely sucks and needs to be changed in future patches. The "star for the players' comfort in that position and circle around it to indicate suitability compared to the rest of the squad" in particular is hideous. if it's that difficult to describe in writing, then it shouldn't be a feature. Those are the major gripes I have on the game. The "losing against promoted teams when you're on a 5 game win streak" may be frustrating, but if you look at real life football that's often what happens, teams who perform well against strong opposition may get complacent and slip up against minnows. The fact of the matter is that if you love football, no game out there will allow you to experience the beautiful game quite like FM15 does. The changes aren't perfect but they're there, and SI has patched issues that the playerbase found with the game, and say what you will about them, they're passionate about football and really care about their game. Which game dew do you know who would go and get written permission from a 15 year old wonderkid's parents just so they could put him in the game and let players see how he turns out? The game is far from perfect but I've put dozens of hours into it so far and have enjoyed every second of it. I can't review FM Classic as I don't touch it, but the fully simulated experience is as close to managing a football club as you'll ever get without going into the profession yourself. 9/10.
game-hours: 200.5
review: I can't even have a possession more than 60% with a possession base tactics? And why is that?
game-hours: 194.8
review: Awesome!
game-hours: 150.6
review: Best Football Manager experience you will ever get. Worth every bit of your money
game-hours: 65.9
review: Most advanced spreadsheet in the world 10/10
game-hours: 525.1
review: Enough of the bad review and thumbs down. This game absolutely briliant, since many people talk about buggies or  i have to tell you that was wrong. The dev really made a great patch, no more injuries, really bad defending keeper/centre back, etc. There's a great tactic made by people who appreciate this game. I used his tactic, got UCL trophy, league champions three peat,etc. That means this game not . You just need patience. 10/10 Best fm game ever!
game-hours: 734.4
review: Football Manager 2015 does feel like a siginificant improvement from 2014 which respectively wasn't that much different from 2013 or 2012. They added more animations when in game which is cool, but I still don't understand how on my save Messi has not won the Ballon'dor for 4 years, he isn't like he is in real life which is strange. Whatever still good, you should buy it probably, or don't like i care.
game-hours: 262.9
review: Aaaamaaazing!
game-hours: 426.0
review: Thank you Sports Interactive for supplying with my latest yearly dosage of stress and sleep deprivation. My goalkeeper could not catch ebola in Sierra Leone and my midfielders do as good a job of controlling the ball as the World Health Organisation controlling the spread of it. Same thing as every year but will still play it because I am hopelessly addicted and socially frustrated. 21/10
game-hours: 914.5
review: oh god, i don have a life now, i am doom stuck to this game,,,,
game-hours: 421.0
review: Better and easier to use UI, better Match engine with more realistic movement. More tactic and role chose
game-hours: 225.4
review: There just weren't enough changes for me. One thing I would've liked to have seen is the ability to practise set pieces. On the last FM I used to concede from corners A LOT. I would've liked the opportunity to set up a defence vs attack scenario and seen how it played out and then tweaked my instructions based on that. Apart from the skin and the tracksuit manager element from what I can see from the BETA is that nothing much has changed. I appreciate that you don't want to mess with the format too much but there is scant reason to get excited about this update.
game-hours: 780.4
review: Where do I begin. I have been trough it all lately. Inevitable injuries to key players, constant leaking goalies, the ridiculous crossing goalies, 7-4 defeats to non-league teams that I should have stomped on and of course some disasterous defending by my players AI. But still I come back to it again and again. Hitting my head against the same bloody brick wall day after another. And for some reason it has worked. I have had couple of saves which have gone fantastically so far. The AI still is kinda  but way better than at launch. New Additions such the sidebar and more in-depth scoutin have taken a another small step towards realism and I feel like the abnoxious pre and after game journalist mlestations are easier to handle. So I am going to give it a recommendation for what it is, but please make the game properly and don't leave it all for beta testers to get trough I had one save on the beta and it was abnoxious and almost unplayable. It might have ruined the game for some players before it even came out.
game-hours: 373.6
review: Nice
game-hours: 177.8
review: Enjoy it a lot. Much better than FM 14. All problem has been fixed.
game-hours: 127.1
review: Told my family, pets, and friends that i would not be renewing their contracts. Got fired. Needs patching 15/10
game-hours: 83.1
review: FM at its best...
game-hours: 21.3
review: as always a briliant game. never fails to impress at all
game-hours: 35.7
review: The best version yet, many great new additions. The tactical side is more realistic and you need to make sure you get everything done properly from fitness, especially in pre-season to training and motiation to tactics or you'll struggle to win. I have completed my first season and did the double. The best new addition though is Australia's FFA Cup.
game-hours: 106.9
review: Only minor changes from last years game, match engine definitly needs fixing as defending is non-existant.Overall though i would still say this is the best football management sim out there.
game-hours: 104.2
review: Currently slightly buggy/crashy but it is still in beta and have upmost faith it will work perfectly within a couple of patches. Once again, a great game with extra features, a definite upgrade from FM 14.
game-hours: 500.9
review: STEAM IS THE WORST PLATFORM I'VE EVER COME ACROSS ON THE INTERNET. ITS CRIMINAL THAT EIDOS MAKE YOU USE IT. I'VE PAID FOR A GAME BUT FOR SOME REASON AM NOT ALLOWED TO USE IT. COMPLETELY USELESS.
game-hours: 2052.9
review: gREAT GAME
game-hours: 139.7
review: Brilliant
game-hours: 560.5
review: awesome game, never fails to impove year in year out
game-hours: 135.5
review: i would recomend to anyone would love football
game-hours: 217.1
review: great game very addictive played the football game for a while now and they only seem to get beeter each time
game-hours: 1282.9
review: Great Scout System.
game-hours: 324.6
review: I am a big fan of the FM franchise and this game is just as good as the others
game-hours: 35.3
review: Its good
game-hours: 82.5
review: first time i've been addicted to football manager since it changed from champ man
game-hours: 275.4
review: EXCELLENT AS ALWAYS!!
game-hours: 120.7
review: Some good additions, little change but they produce a decent game every year.. Was buggy at the start but I'm have no issue now
game-hours: 67.6
review: Pretty good game.
game-hours: 319.1
review: It is really good
game-hours: 349.9
review: Good game to play with friends. Hours of fun for the football fanatic
game-hours: 141.0
review: :D
game-hours: 181.6
review: I NEED HELP ABOUT MY ORDERS ABOUT TRANSFER BUDGET. I BOUGHT WITH CREDIT CARD BUT I DONT KNOW HOW TO LOAD IT. PLEASE HELP ME
game-hours: 287.4
review: this game has stole my life
game-hours: 146.0
review: play
game-hours: 188.0
review: Very good update to a good game
game-hours: 145.5
review: I love this year's Football Manager. Everything is ok for me. I have no problems with Injuries or Matchday Engine. Don't know why other people have problem with it.
game-hours: 1734.0
review: its good
game-hours: 174.6
review: YES THE GAME HAS A BETTER FLOW ABOUT IT THIS YEAR
game-hours: 73.8
review: love it
game-hours: 51.4
review: PERFECT AMAZING GAME
game-hours: 8.2
review: cooooooool!!
game-hours: 419.8
review: great game
game-hours: 81.1
review: I have been a long time player of the Championship Mananer/Football Manager series since the very first game was released and over the last coupld of years I have slowly waned from enjoying the games. But this year, something has reignited the bug in me again and I am loving the grind of taking my teams to glory. I would love to explain what it is in the game that has got me back in love but I can't. I think it is just the little tweaks to certain areas that have done it for me.
game-hours: 147.3
review: Love this game so far. Engine may be a little bit buggy at the moment but I expect them to fix that. Definitely recommend picking it up.
game-hours: 67.6
review: Pretty good game.
game-hours: 319.1
review: It is really good
game-hours: 349.9
review: Good game to play with friends. Hours of fun for the football fanatic
game-hours: 141.0
review: :D
game-hours: 181.6
review: I NEED HELP ABOUT MY ORDERS ABOUT TRANSFER BUDGET. I BOUGHT WITH CREDIT CARD BUT I DONT KNOW HOW TO LOAD IT. PLEASE HELP ME
game-hours: 287.4
review: this game has stole my life
game-hours: 146.0
review: play
game-hours: 188.0
review: Very good update to a good game
game-hours: 254.7
review: The UI takes a lot of getting used to, even if you're a veteran FM player. Even the best players in the world seem to struggle to play properly, for some reason. I don't believe they really went above and beyond with FM15, but it is still an addition to the franchise. It's decent but not leaps and bounds above FM14. If you are just getting into the series, pick it up. If you already own FM14 and want a new challenge, it's pretty good for that too. I would recommend it.
game-hours: 596.7
review: best yet ...
game-hours: 249.0
review: awesome!!!!!1
game-hours: 217.5
review: This is the worst FM of all time. I think the designers should burn in hell.
game-hours: 116.6
review: F
game-hours: 603.5
review: 10/10 Broked My Pc After This! :D
game-hours: 7.0
review: great game its improved alot
game-hours: 232.2
review: the best version yet
game-hours: 164.3
review: While this game brings the level of detail to new levels, it still begs the same of question of, when have you won, when are you at the end, and thus you always end up walking away when you realise there is no natural conclussion.
game-hours: 282.8
review: Amazing game
game-hours: 120.5
review: great game its a must buy for all football fans
game-hours: 52.2
review: quality.
game-hours: 17.0
review: It gets better every year. Very addictive!
game-hours: 271.0
review: Absolutely in love with this game, this is the first football manager i have played and i have no regrets! 100% worth the 34.99 i've played. The gameplay is great, I love how the game is set out, like i said it's the first football manager i've played and it was so easily to learn where everything was and how to use it. I uise an Apple Mac to play this addicting game, and I must say it is extremely quick, i've had no major problems at all, downloaded super fast, i believe it only took a few minutes to actually instal which is awesome as i could'nt wait to get stuck in. However i only have one incy wincy problem which annoys me a little, i don't know if it's just me but it seems after the first season it gets rather difficult to achieve expectations and not get sacked, like i said i don't know if that is just me, i mught just be bad at this game but i'm not too sure. I started my first season with Portsmouth and got promoted to league 1, but the next season they expected me to be promted again to the championship and gave me around 1.4M to spend, realistically i thought this was impossible. I was right. So the next season after that they only gave me 250K so that really wasn't near enough the budget i had in mind, i ended up resigning and joined middlesbrough for a season, i completely flopped and only got a mid table finish (predicted promotion) i got the sack unsuprisingly and then joined Cardiff. They also expected promotion (which i failed) so now i'm on my second season with Cardiff and i've tried so many different tactics and none of them seem to work, im obnly around 10games in but i'm doing so bad. My team is by far the best in the championship yet it doesnt seem to perform. But still like i said i dont know if it's just me or not... Finally, this is probably the best game i've ever invested in (as well as FIFA) even through it gets frustrating at times, you still come back ever day and play a few more games. Very sorry for rambling on but i hope you all find this helpful. If you are lucky enough to have the opportunity to buy this game just like me then GET IT! You won't regret it!!!
game-hours: 546.0
review: One of the best football management sims out there. Actually challenging to get a team to work properly together, a proper simulation game. Also I love it how SI still improve the game, how they listen to peoples complaints about bugs on their forums and actively seek to improve their game. Not all companies would fully support their games for a whole year.
game-hours: 621.1
review: Lovely:)
game-hours: 287.0
review: bEST gAmEE wOUKLd plrASDY AFiNG 19/1
game-hours: 41.8
review: Play first game, get 5 injuries 11/10
game-hours: 57.7
review: i dont understand why so many negative reviews i havent found anything bad this is my first ever time playing any football manager and i found it farely easy to understand the only problem is when they take corners theyt stand there for about 5-10 seconds but then they go back to normal but then its fine for ages. great game
game-hours: 50.2
review: Another great edition of the most complete management game for both on the pitch tactics and off the pitch man management. Steam Workshop just makes this so much better. Buy. Play. Love.
game-hours: 121.7
review: Just one more game... Just one more contract renewal, just one more scout report. Prepare for "just one more" after the previous "just one more" Highly addictive, very user friendly interface, a good guide for newcomers while playing and a great in depth gaming experience, from choosing and making tactics for set pieces, individual sideline orders in game, contract renewals, contracts talks, team meetings and talks and even individual promises if players believe they are not getting enough game time or believe they need rewarding with a new contract. A must play game for any simulator and football genre fan!
game-hours: 412.8
review: Not the best verion of FM but certainly not the worst. Yes there are bugs and irritations but still playable.
game-hours: 122.1
review: great :D
game-hours: 117.9
review: VERY GOOD! VERY FUN! I LIKE IT!
game-hours: 692.1
review: Love this games worldclass!!!
game-hours: 109.7
review: Fantastic game
game-hours: 853.2
review: So i have played FM15 after previously having the 2013 and 2008 versions. When i got my self on the 2013FM i saw a lot of changes between it and 2008. The 2015 hardly brought any changes at all. There are maybe 2 or 3 new speches in team talk, some more advanced conversations with players which are actualy harder to talk to and overal the personal chat has been developed. Yes theres also a 3d game play shown rather than 2d which actualy does not add anything to a manager expirience and in my opinion is nice but unnecesary. There are few minor bugs with the game, theres also a "fair play" requirements to get into european competitons but other than that theres not a lot of new suprises. This is still my favourite football manager game but other than few little changes, updated squads and competition rules this game is preety much the old 2013 manager to me. Its still a good game worth a buy if your upgrading your football manager 6/10. Just because i expected a bit more new features. 10/10 if this is going to be your first one or much older than 2013.
game-hours: 249.7
review: Not sure what all the negative feedback is about, I think this is a good addition to an aready great series. The new player attribute style is alot better than the old 'everything greyed out' of before, the ability to have your team captain help you with player morale issues etc. The match engine has been fine with me and i've logged 54 hours so far.
game-hours: 280.6
review: unreal
game-hours: 247.6
review: This game is like more complicated than the real management of football, and also more enjoyable, although i haven't managed any real team, yet :)
game-hours: 17.7
review: how do i get the real badges and faces????
game-hours: 323.1
review: Rewiew for Badge :)
game-hours: 341.0
review: Just gets better year on year
game-hours: 265.0
review: help me im addicted
game-hours: 588.6
review: u can fire all russians!
game-hours: 136.5
review: xD
game-hours: 582.0
review: Thoroughly enjoyable and easy to get stuck into great game for me.
game-hours: 96.7
review: Waited 'til Christmas to get it cheaper. Don't see what the fuss is about, the game works fine and the UI is more intuitive. I played CM through to FM for over 10 years, although I've been skipping a few since it became FM. All those who complained about injuries and letting it soft goals are just not playing it right. I managed to clear all injuries several times, to a point where my backup/rotational players were complaining that they weren't playing enough games. As for gameplay, I haven't experienced any atrocious situations that a lot of reviews described. Set your tactics and preparations right, get good coaches, manage your players' motivation, and ration your training. You shouldn't encounter silly problems.
game-hours: 156.7
review: If people are terrible at this game they shouldn't be allowed to write reviews for it, which is what 90% of the negative reviews seem to be. Great game, so immersive, and a real challenge when starting at the lower leagues. 10/10
game-hours: 16.5
review: It's like FIFA but take away you controlling the players and you actually have to think on how to win games 10/10
game-hours: 171.5
review: Great new features too add to the classic FM game
game-hours: 92.3
review: Better than previous editions, enjoy!
game-hours: 50.3
review: Most in-depth Manager game, i bought this game reading all the bad reviews and not expecting much but it really is an improvement, if you love managing your team, then this game is for you! :)
game-hours: 156.4
review: very good game tbh but, such a complex tactics.. still using other tactics than my own heheh
game-hours: 167.2
review: excellent game i have far too much time playing this it is just that addicting
game-hours: 291.4
review: If you're into this football then this is the game for you but look for it at a discount as it's quite pricey Otherwise one of the best games I've played in a while
game-hours: 311.5
review: 8/10
game-hours: 479.0
review: Great
game-hours: 164.7
review: Good as usual
game-hours: 563.6
review: Great game, would recommend it. Very addictive, (already played 500+ hours on it)
game-hours: 663.6
review: Stick to FM2014
game-hours: 259.2
review: I would 100% recormend this game to anyone that likes gamemodes like career mode on FIFA 15 but football manager goes into fare more depth and more teams and player even though the graphic arn't great the game makes it back with many fetures that they offer. This year It is made easyer to navigate the menu. The best new feature is when setting up a new carear you change your past history from a no body to a ex-world class player.
game-hours: 60.5
review: Bikin jadwal tidur rusak!
game-hours: 507.0
review: people should learn the game before crying about it... if the way you used to do things dont work maybe its time to do it differently instead of crying about it. i like it, im happy with it. new scouting system is awesome
game-hours: 115.7
review: Really not enjoying it so far. Way too many injuries, my players went on international breaks and at least 8 of them came back injured. And some of the ratings seem pretty ridiculous to me, nemanja matic is rated the same if not lower as john obi mikel?
game-hours: 186.8
review: awesome
game-hours: 40.9
review: Excellent game!
game-hours: 380.0
review: Quite a few glitches but thats because i'm playing the Alpha version. Looks like its going to be another succesful instalment to the series!
game-hours: 345.9
review: Excellent Game!
game-hours: 0.2
review: Awesome game as always, Football Manager '15 is the best FM so far , keep it up :D! Any old FM fan should get this !
game-hours: 25.5
review: I've only put in about 20 hours (not much considering it's the FM series) in the beta so far, but I just feel that I have to counter these complaints about the game engine being worse. For the first time since FM09, I feel that the game engine has improved from last year. I'm not experiencing these "random" results at all, and the goals that are scored are can almost everytime be traced to a tactical flaw or strength, as opposed to FM14 where that percentage would've been about 50. I'm not experiencing this whole thing with vast amounts of goals being scored/conceded either, nor the comeback issue people have been reporting. I feel like these issues sound like typical beta issues (remember, it is a beta you've been playing) that will be resolved quickly, but will see. Either way, I'm good. Corners have been improved, where tactics and player attributes actually make a difference for once, and it is now finally possible to score on free kicks and longshots again (it was of course possible before - but not even the best players in the world would even be close to a realistically decent conversion rate).
game-hours: 394.6
review: I have to disagree with the majority of reviews. I have played the franchise for years also and i am loving this edition. May be it is because i have just brought it and it has been updated but everything including the match engine have been drastically improved. The injurys are nothing out of the ordanary and i am playing with Arsenal. Goals per game are very realistic, and i have had only 2 big wins out of 10 games yet i have lost only 1 friendly and the charity sheild against city which ended 2-0. What ever the other reviews said negitivly about this game i have seen none of so far, and to think i almost took note of what people where saying and almost never brought it and i am so glad i did. cdkeys sold it for 20.91 and it was well worth it already. Didnt think i liked the dark skin and i was disappointed that it was the only one but after trying a few of the custom light skins i soon went back and love the original dark skin now. My one critic so far is the pitchs look slighly blocky and not smooth enough.
game-hours: 843.5
review: Brilliant.
game-hours: 684.7
review: Best Football Manager ever!
game-hours: 74.0
review: This game has single handedly ruined my life. I love it!!
game-hours: 96.8
review: love Football Manager since the CM series. too bad i can not use my steam wallet for in game purchase this time. keep give me error code 1
game-hours: 226.3
review: Can anyone tell me how play on iPad? I've downloaded the game to PC but want it on iPad aswel/instead
game-hours: 38.2
review: fairly simple to game to play my son loves it
game-hours: 46.2
review: good
game-hours: 1050.6
review: the game is fine when you can get on it i got the bata code whick keeps crashing and now ive got the disk wont let me play it saying i need to buy the game which is in its steam thats  every year get nothing but  take my money then  me around really not happy and dont think im guna ever buy this game again
game-hours: 0.9
review: Good game :D !
game-hours: 224.6
review: yes i do recommned this game, yes it needs a lot of work, and got back to the old style as not big fan of the side bar, it is a pain to buy players offered arsenal 150m for gibbs and they said know im like WHAAATTTTTTT apprently its not a good offer dw i wasnt gonna spend that much i was just annoyed because 36mil wasnt good enough so pretty much taking the piss, match engine is fast but very poor at same time, its they just improve what they got and stop adding new fetures in an till its compleatly right i think SI will go down if they dont make it bettter
game-hours: 523.8
review: This game deserves the nobel prize! Well, it should deserves a big awards of some sort. The main reason is because of its compelling nature, no one will be able to hop off the FM15 train once they have set foot in. As a big football fan, it is an honour that i get to play and experience one of the most intricated and dedicated football simulation ever. So please if you are ever wondering what to do on a wet and stormy tuesday night, the best solution is to immerse yourself into what is known as FM15.
game-hours: 174.5
review: Why is every single injury in this game for me a sports hernia (out for 4-5 weeks). I am 4 seasons in on a save and in the BPL and i have had no injurys that lasted for more than 3 months but at any given time my goalkeeper and at least 2 of my first team players are out with a sports hernia. Other than that good game.
game-hours: 148.7
review: This game is just amazing ! if you fan of football then buy this. you will like this : )
game-hours: 350.9
review: The Best football Manager game since FM11. ALL HAIL FM DEVELOPERS :D
game-hours: 125.5
review: Fantastic Game. I have never been great at football manager since 2010 but I have had a brilliant season 1, which I will now play plenty more.
game-hours: 348.2
review: goty
game-hours: 443.6
review: 11/10
game-hours: 717.8
review: It's good. Everyone complaining that it's the same game, that's the case every year. I don't know why some people want or expect an entirely different game, personally I would be upset if they drastically changed things. Pros: -New and improved graphics and animations -Requires real tactical planning, simply throwing top players out there without careful strategic planning will result in losses -Improved, more streamlined interface (except for the tactics screen for some reason they made it worse and you have to click more stuff) -Improved scouting and player potential system -Improved training options -It's M F ing football manager Cons: -Tactics screen is worse now -Some early bugs (will be fixed in the coming months most likely) -Too many goals are scored from set pieces -Some wonky things with the match engine, players kick balls directly in to players in front of them way too often, and the ball will ping-pong off of players randomly too much in the box
game-hours: 498.4
review: minor change, but still fun. So many bad review, it's $30, what do you expect guys?
game-hours: 79.6
review: Good, honest, clean fun.
game-hours: 113.4
review: this game...
game-hours: 28.1
review: Good fun but addictive!
game-hours: 19.3
review: sickest football manager game
game-hours: 363.4
review: I have absolutely no regret for buying this game! Although it is quite difficult to start with for some people, it takes considerable time to delve deeply enough into this game before you can get the hang of it BUT THE REWARDS ARE FAR MORE THAN YOU CAN EXPECT! As for me I totally love this game and I would encourage every football fan to try it and give it a fair shot. You won't be disappointed in most cases!
game-hours: 255.4
review: DONT BUY IT!!!!!!!! YOU WILL GET ADDICTED!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 503.8
review: Wonderful, as always.. We Love FM!
game-hours: 311.4
review: THE BEST FANTASY GAME SOCCER I EVER PLAY !!!!!!!!
game-hours: 107.0
review: Early cross is very easy to score. Just fix it
game-hours: 286.9
review: save game is too late
game-hours: 642.0
review: great
game-hours: 168.5
review: is the best
game-hours: 122.4
review: great game
game-hours: 59.9
review: hey any1 know how i can get the real badges for the prem teams its a joke that it doesnt have them. cheers
game-hours: 271.9
review: It is now much easier to score goal, good chance in player mood swing. Otherwise pretty much the same as previous installment.
game-hours: 41.2
review: Fantastic game. Goes into incredible detail. This game is the definition of addicting cannot stop playing. A must have for any soccer/football fan
game-hours: 157.2
review: Even better than some of older ones in the series! New layout takes time to get used to but all other new features changes the game for the better
game-hours: 120.3
review: AMIZING
game-hours: 103.3
review: (Y)
game-hours: 363.4
review: I have absolutely no regret for buying this game! Although it is quite difficult to start with for some people, it takes considerable time to delve deeply enough into this game before you can get the hang of it BUT THE REWARDS ARE FAR MORE THAN YOU CAN EXPECT! As for me I totally love this game and I would encourage every football fan to try it and give it a fair shot. You won't be disappointed in most cases!
game-hours: 571.1
review: My Relationship status has expired
game-hours: 334.4
review: havent played much yet but good so far
game-hours: 84.4
review: brilliant except for crezting onlin games
game-hours: 591.8
review: Absolutely love this game, andforthose tothose who want realism from a simulation game, get a grip people, first and foremost its a game....it aint supposed to imitate the real thing to perfection!
game-hours: 46.8
review: This is Football Manager and that's it... By reading this quote you should know this game is amazing. If you love football and you are looking for a real life football simulator this is the game for you... Super realistic the players play like they do in real life. Get ready for adiction
game-hours: 92.4
review: I quite like this games and i play it lots although im quite bad but my excuse is that i do it or the banter.
game-hours: 358.9
review: As always, my next year gonna be wasted on this game.
game-hours: 517.3
review: Very enjoyable
game-hours: 1521.5
review: great game
game-hours: 396.3
review: Absolutely love it.
game-hours: 173.4
review: I signed Carlos Fierro and he hasn't scored more than 20 goals in a season. This game breaking bug has left Everton in mid-table. Games are supposed to provide an escape from reality.
game-hours: 234.9
review: I'm starting to see player stats, opposition instructions, and transfer budgets in my dream, but I can't stop playing. Must stare at more spreadsheets. SEND HELP.
game-hours: 236.4
review: I'm Everton FC, I have bought the game expecting it to be better than last year. The most fustrating parts about last year's game was the poor quality of crossing and almost no through balls behind the defence from the midfield to striker. This year the crossing has improved a lot and works well. However, this is the only way I can score and it is getting boring. I've tried "pump ball into box" which only affects the defenders and makes them hoof it. This game just cant seem to make through passes for the striker. Dissapointing.
game-hours: 102.5
review: Player asked to leave to play champions league football, i told him i would let him leave if we didnt get champions league for next season, I won the league... He still wanted to leave. 10/10 !
game-hours: 2.7
review: why are thier no real players ?
game-hours: 415.5
review: what is going on i started 2 new games and in both stoke are unbeatable now correct me if im wrong but there not a top 6 club never mind top 3 !!! and what can i say about the defending it is a disgrace my central defenders are probably top goalscorers with all the own goals and top of the asists would be my keeper, all in all a great game but still needs alot of work and theres only 4 days tto go !!! sort it out SI
game-hours: 45.3
review: The graphics is great, it more realistic than fm 2014, the engine is great, a lot of cool stuff and great look. But it still like older fm and not quite change a lot. There are still bugs, the most thing that make me hated is the shots. In a match my team scored 18 but 9 on target and 3 goals when they shot 10, 6 on target and 5 goal. And the second thing is injury why is injury happened a lot and crazy like 6-7 months, 3-5 months, 6-7 weeks. But this game is still cool, I really like this game. If you like football and like manage football club, I recommend you to play this!!! For me this game is 7.5/10
game-hours: 665.9
review: Top (like) xD Recommend
game-hours: 305.4
review: This game is AMAZING, and I know for a fact I am never going to play any other game for a long long time. UI: The new UI is great, even though it comes down to personal preference. Many people don't like the new sidebar, but I persoanlly think it's pretty good. The whole UI is also a lot cleaner. AI: The AI is pretty realistic, even though clubs sometimes make unrealistic demands of players, while they could just say that they aren't interested in selling the player. Other then that, I don't really have any problems with this. Also, some people don't like the scouting of players, but this is just meant to be realistic. You are always free to play Football Manager classic, which doesn't include a lot of the time consuming features, such as team talks and continuous scouting. Match Engine: When people say the match engine is horrible, they do have a point. Horrible, horrible goalkeepers, defenders not knowing how to defend, strikers dribbling right through defenders, and these are only a few of the bad stuff. This normally wouldn't be a problem, but the match result is determined by the match engine as the game continues, so goalkeepers make stupid mistakes like not responding quick enough, and so you lose because of that. This, for me, is pretty much the only bad thing about FM15, even though this is like one of the most important parts. Multiplayer: Now, I don't think anyone else thinks this, but I think FM's multiplayer is horrible. The season goes on without you when some people are on, and it's just messed up and complicated. I haven't played multiplayer much, but this is just my experience from multiplayer. Conclusion: This is a great game, i don't know if people who are already fans of the series need to buy this one, but people just starting with the series should definitely get this. I really hope this helped!
game-hours: 207.0
review: most realistic football game ever and you get to think like a manager like in the real world of football
game-hours: 241.3
review: Day 3, I am sitting here with my curtains closed, my eyes is blood-strained, I begin to channel my inner rage after that through-ball miss. I shout out in the room "DAMMIT SUAREZ" and bang my fist in the table, so my cola spills all over the table. This game is 10/10 really This game WILL consume your time, you might aswell say goodbye to the world as you know it. You won't be seeing your loved ones in a looooong time.
game-hours: 28.8
review: Keeps getting better and better
game-hours: 162.6
review: Nice
game-hours: 32.1
review: All the thumbs down are from bad managers with rubbish tactics.
game-hours: 593.0
review: Norways greatest talent ever Martin degrd are not available
game-hours: 256.5
review: 555+
game-hours: 506.8
review: Generally its a good game, but there is way too many unrealistic results in the game. For an example i played a game where i was Man Utd against Spurs and i won it 10-7. I also think that there is scoring way too many goals by crosses and rebound goals, but i also think that they have improved the game. There is a lot more features in football manager 15. For an example i think that it is great that i can see my own manager skills and i also think that the jobinterviews has gotten a lot better and more realistic. But there is still too many unrealistic things in the match simulator, that i really hope they will improve. From a scale from 1-10 ill give it 6 :-)
game-hours: 787.5
review: Excellent as per, there are small bugs to fix and changes to be made but there always are at this stage of release. I always find the finished article is when they release the large update after the January transfer window. Regardless, definitely worth a purchase.
game-hours: 572.9
review: ive put the beta version on my laptop but now ive purchased the actual game on disc but after i install the game ,it still says this is the beta version on the bottom left of screen , so does this mean my disc hasnt installed or how do i play the disc version
game-hours: 19.5
review: Contrary to a lot of view I recommend FM15. Although I am new to the game itself, I am an avid football fan. So here a quick whats good and whats bad in my opinion. Please remember I'm new to FM and will say what I like from my point of view, regardless of whether it has been in the FM franchise in the past or if It was better on old versions. What's good; -Modern menu system which is easy to navigate -Lot of reposibilites which make gameplay feel realistic. -Ability to assign assistant manager to roles like dealing with training etc. -In Game graphics are exceptable (However dont accept Fifa or PES standard) -Games have felt realistic and in game tactics make a massive difference What's Bad; - I really could not get to grips with the scouting system. On both of my two careers so far I have created a scouting assignment in which no players have been scouted or suggested to me. Nothing at ALL! Maybe I'm the one at fault but that is not my fault as the game didnt explain it properly to me. I have yet to make a single signing yet due to not being able to find an adequate player who meets my scout report. - I have started 2 careers and in both the same transfers were happening. Southampton Bought Jo from CAM and Naughton from Tottenham, and also sold Clyne to Spurs in both careers. As well as Man U buying Vertonghen and Khedira going to Chelsea. I found it annoying because I wanted to see a variation and to be interested in the other signings rather than seeing the same deals happen. -(This maybe like something I havent downloaded or something not sure tbh) I expected players to have faces and also the top division clubs from the BPL to have the official badges but they don't. Overall I would recommend this game because of the potential of reach 3 digits of game time. I will always continue to play this game and am definitely happy to have bought it.
game-hours: 140.1
review: I've played most the football managers over the years and to be fair, this is a big step up from fm14 which was awful, i have actually got into this fm and enjoyed every minute of it. i like the new press and scouting features and can see a difference with the game engine, even if it's small. for everybody saying its awful, just remeber its still a new release, and comparing with last year it's pretty descent. i haven't had the trouble of to many goals from crosses. To me, this game is enjoyable and fun.
game-hours: 112.9
review: So frustating. I don't know what's wrong. I feel like i lost my ability to play this game. I am noob all over again. (been playing since 2001). - My team keep shooting didn't score. The enemy 1 bullet to the heart! And of course i lost the game. - My wing back keep dribbling until byline won't cross, and if he do the crosses hit enemy foot and goes corner kick. frustating. - My goalie is dumb, enemies goalie is all NEUER! unbeatable. I need. or we all need MAJOR FIXES. please. :(
game-hours: 421.2
review: best game ever
game-hours: 545.7
review: The Best Football Manager Simulation In Histroy, Other Games Like Fifa and PES are no where near has good has the FM Series
game-hours: 310.6
review: I love this game very much and its so much better than fifa, i love the realism and there are so many features/ stuff you can do <3 :D !
game-hours: 396.9
review: Best Football Manager So Far!
game-hours: 29.6
review: best football game out there
game-hours: 385.6
review: Much better than 2014. Simple lay out and good fun. A must buy!
game-hours: 704.7
review: fantastic game!
game-hours: 66.5
review: 8/8 m8
game-hours: 71.0
review: .
game-hours: 341.7
review: Agree about the injuries, after two games I have half of my squad injured for at least 3/4 weeks, it needs sorting asap, and as for the layout, it can be confussing at first but once you get used to it, it works well.
game-hours: 435.0
review: i liked very much
game-hours: 163.5
review: good game , its real i playing using manchester united team and half team is injury .................. thanks for the update , now this game so perfect.......... 10/10
game-hours: 747.8
review: ITs good
game-hours: 341.7
review: Agree about the injuries, after two games I have half of my squad injured for at least 3/4 weeks, it needs sorting asap, and as for the layout, it can be confussing at first but once you get used to it, it works well.
game-hours: 435.0
review: i liked very much
game-hours: 163.5
review: good game , its real i playing using manchester united team and half team is injury .................. thanks for the update , now this game so perfect.......... 10/10
game-hours: 445.4
review: i enjoyed this game and being a football manager for my favoriute team preston
game-hours: 94.1
review: Defending is almost non-existent and there are lots of penalties. 10/10
game-hours: 44.6
review: It's awright
game-hours: 69.7
review: Unbeleivable Jeff!
game-hours: 271.5
review: good game
game-hours: 576.2
review: ?
game-hours: 172.5
review: The BEST Game in the World
game-hours: 19.6
review: A GOOD IMPROVMENT ON LAST YEARS
game-hours: 228.5
review: Massive FM fan and this game will be another great one in the list! However, If you enjoyed FM14 you will be dissapionted! Big changes that will take time to adapt to. However I shall put my trust in Miles and Co.
game-hours: 72.6
review: MUCH AMAZE SUCH IMPROVE SERIOUS RECOMMEND!
game-hours: 15.5
review: My Player scrore an Own Goal 10/10
game-hours: 420.5
review: The worst fm EVER!!!!!! Half of my team is injured and the graphics are sooooo bad, I wish I could ask for a refund.... 100% waste of money
game-hours: 91.6
review: I care more about my youth team than I care about my own children. 10/10
game-hours: 122.9
review: I started a season with Man Utd and I have constantly been picking up injuries. I've not once had anywhere near a full strength team and Falcao even got injured for 6 months. It seems I'm picking up two injuries a game. Other than that the game is very good. The scouting in particular has been greatly improved. On previous versions of FM it almost seemed too easy to find amazing players and judge who was going to be the next big thing. Now a lot less players appear when searching for transfers, meaning you'll have to send your scouts out to other leagues and teams to gather information. They've also added the option to scout an individual player for serveral months with more indepth scouting reports. If you're already big into FM and have played previous versions I think it's a big enough update from 14 to be worth purchasing and for those who've never played it, the way that SI have arranged their tabs and generally neatened up and simplified the layout of the game makes FM 15 the most accesible for a while.
game-hours: 165.5
review: can't launch this game... it's alway crash
game-hours: 100.9
review: Simply Awesome!!!!
game-hours: 173.0
review: nicklas bendtner scored a hat trick 10/10
game-hours: 604.4
review: very good :)
game-hours: 165.2
review: As always Football Manager just keeps getting better & better! This Football sim is Awe.... 'wait for it'.... some. AWESOME!
game-hours: 410.1
review: They have truly delievered one of the best FM's games this year. I recommend this game strongly for football fans with wild passion and love for the game, you will not be dissapointed and will instantly love this game. 10/10.
game-hours: 1.5
review: can i be a manager please then thisg ame inviented
game-hours: 8.2
review: Too complicated for beginners... I think Fifa 15 has a better form of "Football Manager"
game-hours: 145.0
review: I choose to play Man Utd. So far all match are good and challenging. Just won against Arsenal and Everton. Not much injury so far.
game-hours: 174.4
review: yeah, it's alright. SEASON UNDEFEATED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 684.6
review: Simple Brilliant!
game-hours: 50.3
review: i love this game since 2003 and this year all changes great so i dont know what u are doing but i will start my carrer right now
game-hours: 273.2
review: you can have even more control over your players during the game
game-hours: 835.4
review: Great game. its getting better from year to year. i will want to see an option of be a player too.
game-hours: 229.4
review: Yea baby
game-hours: 188.8
review: If you try to be K. Rajagopal, play this game. If you try to be Van Gaal, play this game. If you try to be Hasbullah Awang, play this game. If u want to be like Najib Razak, give BR1M. I dont need SEX because FM15 S me all the time.. 9/10 recomended.. buy this game or i will cut your ***k!
game-hours: 471.0
review: Brillant, the same quaility as each of the last 10 editions! The userface is the best they have had, And the match engine is smoother and some of the players movement is much better! Only minor problems is that it seems easier than past editions. But the game is 10/10 as ever.
game-hours: 237.3
review: can someone help me i have just payed for football manager 2015 the belt vertion dose that mean its not the real game what is coming out in november or will it update it self
game-hours: 748.2
review: Football Manager, hn c mt tr chi.
game-hours: 59.0
review: Won the Premier League, Champions League and FA Cup in my first season with Liverpool. Game is a bit too easy...
game-hours: 119.8
review: trying the Beta
game-hours: 657.7
review: Im Managers fan since World Soccer on Atari 65XE and I have solid history with all cm/fm series releases. With all that i can assure you this version of FM is another milestone ( somehow like fm 2008 was ). At the start of Beta/early access the game was a bit buggy and match engine needed a lot of tweeks but yet another time SI and their team step up to the challenge and ACTUALY LISTEN to the community. In last 14 days they hotfixed most of the issues and game is very enjoyable. Surely the most realistc one to date. Cant wait for todays release to play with my friend on multiplayer. If you are series fan you cant miss it. Match engine is fun to watch, game is pretty challenging, and once again you can feel almost like a Harry Redknap or Sam Alardyce standing next to the touchline. My score is 92/100 - if multiplayer will turn out to be bug-free then its 99/100 cheers.
game-hours: 348.1
review: This is the best game ever.
game-hours: 504.3
review: You can't even control your players. I'll buy PES next year
game-hours: 178.7
review: The game has many improvements but untill they sort out the news feed which literally hurt my eyes and stopped me from contiuning due to not being able to read i cannot reccomend this game any more. sorry but the new design looks like its been designed by kids!
game-hours: 205.0
review: I have one word for this review and that word is ... B3A5T
game-hours: 28.5
review: Great game!
game-hours: 137.6
review: cool......fun.....enjoy the game. Bravo SI
game-hours: 260.6
review: downloaded beta version on friday whenever i start the game after 3 to 4 matches play then it crashes done this about 5 times now really fed up now can anyone help
game-hours: 1594.6
review: This is for the Beta Only.. not played on the full game yet... Typical FM Beta... the match gameplay is wild (not other way to explain it) same moves over and over again, no passing, only long balls up top (like watching west ham last season) and to wrap it all up ridiculous/out of this world results i.e. I beat Man city with chelsea 7-1.. then i loose to stoke 5-0 (They played the same formation, not saying it couldnt happen.. but come on.. Really!?!) Like the added feature of being able to persuade a player to talk to you about a transfer/contracts when there not interested and also the player compatancy ratings.. and also like the side bar style menu (yes, i know you could change the settings in FM14) Hope the full game sorts the match gameplay.. time will tell if ive wasted 30 :p
game-hours: 281.7
review: couple things need tweaking, some games it like every shot is a goal, injurys can go from 1 a week to 3 or 4 a game for weeks on end, i like a lot of the new features and new side bar, but also find it hard to find some things , i played this game since before the orignal split of devolpers on the amiga and been a fan ever since the very 1st championship manager and stayed with the devolpers who make football manager since, there is still a few features i would love to see added , but maybe in next years they might get added, but would say for any football fan this is a must , either managing fleetwood town or man city , or some team in india, this game has something for every football fan , bye bye outside and hello football manager :D
game-hours: 1297.1
review: Awesome, Loving the dropdown menus
game-hours: 10.0
review: very good
game-hours: 197.6
review: Love this game and I have loved the games before it, real difference this year and I personally feel like it has improved leaps and bounds!! Well done sega and the FM team!
game-hours: 26.9
review: *Jose Mourinho kidnaps me and drags me to his office* Jose: Tell me about Reus. Why did he join Liverpool? A lot of "loyalty" for a hired player. At least you can talk. Who are you? Magmus: It doesn't matter who we are, what matters is our plan. No-one cared who I was until I signed Reus. Jose: If I signed Reus from you, would you be sacked? Magmus: It would be EXTREMELY PAINFUL. Jose: But you're a good manager? Magmus: FOR YOU! Jose: Was getting caught part of your plan? Magmus: Of course! Jose: So what's the next step in your "master plan"? Magmus: Beating Chelsea in the Champions League final, with NO survivors! 10/10 - Would be kidnapped again.
game-hours: 121.0
review: Same as last year apart from the matches seem to take alot longer to work, also really disappointing that they dont have the license for the BPL the badges feel fake and really grind my gear if you have ever played PRO EVO you will know what i mean with fake badges, decent game tho fun but prefer last years
game-hours: 485.2
review: Best football game on the market. No more need be said
game-hours: 775.1
review: im a addict have been for years and it just keeps getting better and better
game-hours: 197.3
review: My Girlfriend says why this... it I don't have a girlfriend, but I AM a successful and rich manager 1000/10
game-hours: 613.3
review: Prepare yourself for the endless torture of Football Manager. ~ Miles is love. ~Miles is life.
game-hours: 263.6
review: 10/10 Must buy for any football fanatic! Be warned though once you start playing you'll be highy addicted and it could ruin your life
game-hours: 113.8
review: my keeper start dribbling like a striker,ball been steal and score. 10/10
game-hours: 660.9
review: !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 181.9
review: I bought Eden Hazard (As Real Madrid head coach)
game-hours: 341.1
review: .
game-hours: 216.9
review: As Jesus or God or somebody once said, "The Football Manager is my shepherd, I shall not be in want. He makes me feign injury in green pitches, he leads me beside vociferous supporters, he restores my morale. He guides me in paths of tactical righteousness for his name's sake. Even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of relegation, I will fear no referee, for you are with me; your well fitted suit and your piercingly strong jawline, they comfort me." amen.
game-hours: 947.4
review: My game keeps crashing,, can any one help please FM2015 (and other games)
game-hours: 194.1
review: Only negative I can say is in my 3rd season with Man UTD I hit some sort of glitch that meant I couldnt win away from home! Seriously, my home record was; Played 19 won 18 drew 1... Away record; Played 19, won 3, drew, 6, lost 10. I had scores like loosing 2-1 to Brentford (whom had been promoted) leading Arsenal 4-1 with 10 mins to go, to drawing 4-4. Beat City at Old Trafford 5-0 and lost at the Etihad 5-3. The scores throughout that season just seemed very random, no matter what I did. Other than that its very much same old FM (which there is nothing wrong with) already played 71 hours. Trying to catch up on the 600+ hours I played of the last edition haha
game-hours: 30.6
review: Great game
game-hours: 41.6
review: Gotta say the game has heavily improved from release, completely playable and still a great game
game-hours: 369.7
review: YEAAAH
game-hours: 221.2
review: Still not realistic considering what you see on the pitch. But still, the best manager game there is by far.
game-hours: 38.4
review: still find it hard to win games. its like every manager is alex ferguson, right tactic right time. only time i win is if i ownload a tactic (which is pointless) may aswell not play if using other peoples tactics. would love a feature like how hard youwant the game, like begginer to legendery.
game-hours: 308.9
review: Update has been added below! ************************************************************************ November 24 2014: Stay away from the game. Many issues which were solved years ago have come back: - Too many goals from corners - Too many goals from crosses - WAY too many injuries. My last game: 1yellow/red card and 3 serious injuries. ONE ing game. - stupid mistakes from goalkeepers (yes, the passing issue is still there). - very bad user interface in the tactic area. It was much better in FM 2014 - Same tranfer AI issues we saw within FM 2006 or 2007. AI is buying players for too much money. AI teams demand too much money for young talents: 30-40 mio+ - Instant goals from the oppostions: dominate the game, score a goal and watch how yout opponent scores 20 seconds later. - Leading 2 : 0 often leads to a sudden rush of the opponent which results in a 2 : 3 Good things: New scouting area is an improvement. I like the bar on the left, but this has already been in the game years ago. It was removed, now it is back. I made this experiences with a team playing against relegation in the first geman league. Maybe the FM feels better if you play with a team like Barcelona. In total not worth the money for me. It feels like they published a reskinnend version of FM2006. Better wait for some patches and watch the community. ******************************************************************************************************************** UPDATE: 02.12.2014: SI has released 2 Updates. From what I experience now the game has improved and Im currently enjoying it. Big improvement: - stupid mistakes from goalkeepers (yes, the passing issue is still there). Have not seen this any more. Big improvement - Leading 2 : 0 often leads to a sudden rush of the opponent which results in a 2 : 3 The "rush" is still present but normally the AI will score ones and then youll be able to make it 3-1. Or maybe 3-2. Big improvement: - Too many goals from crosses In my opinion the amount of goals after crosses has come to a normal level. But I have also worked on my tactic. Improved: - Too many goals from corners Its has been improved, but I still seem to concede many goals after corners. This could also be an issue of my tactic. Slightly improved: - very bad user interface in the tactic area. It was much better in FM 2014 Player roles are back on the tactic screen, but still a bit complicated. No change: - WAY too many injuries. I still got many injuries. Sometimes it is very annoying BUT the good thing is, that most of the injuries are not serious. It seems like there is a higher chance to get serious injuries during the season breaks. Within the season, I am often faced with injuries during matches but so are normally only minor things. Max 3-4 Weeks. Could be balanced a bit. No Change: - Same tranfer AI issues we saw within FM 2006 or 2007. AI is buying players for too much money. AI teams demand too much money for young talents: 30-40 mio+. AI is releasing too many players for free. This is my biggest complain with the game. The Transfer-AI is still stupid. Apart from the huge amount of money the top AI-Teams are spending, you will also be able to find very good player for free. For example: Bayern is releasing Xherdan Shaqiri for free. In real life they are demanding 25 Million Euro. This means that you will be able to upgrade your team from a mid class club to a european top-team wihtin a couple of seasons. WAY too easy! This was already an issue of previous FM Games. Conclusion: I have improved my tactic to handle the match engine issues. After the updates I was able to set my wing backs from defend to support duties, without getting rushed by the AI. Good thing because you dont feel so helpless anymore and this gives you the opportunity to try more things. Thank god that the issue with leads of 2 - 0 is gone. That was very annoying. Overall I have started enjoying the FM. Scouting is really fun now and makes more sence. The transfer AI should be improved with the next updates, same procedure as every year.....but Im sure the issue with too many good free player will not be solved... also likey every other year in FM history. So I can now recommend the game.....but never preorder it ;-)
game-hours: 292.3
review: Player asked improved contract. Agent doesn't let him enter talks with me. Complains to lockeroom, everybody wants improved contract for him, makes everyone unhappy, next thing I know XLLLX. 10/10
game-hours: 196.1
review: update: too many dramas!!! like most player became upset, 'cause i sold one useless youth player 0_o more complain because someone lack of appearance even their status are not regular, then playing him as starter 3 matches straight, asking for leave, whining to team mates, my team morale down WTF if you like drama more than football, buy this game and also match engine still ridiculous, any opponent can score 2-3 on my team.
game-hours: 194.1
review: Only negative I can say is in my 3rd season with Man UTD I hit some sort of glitch that meant I couldnt win away from home! Seriously, my home record was; Played 19 won 18 drew 1... Away record; Played 19, won 3, drew, 6, lost 10. I had scores like loosing 2-1 to Brentford (whom had been promoted) leading Arsenal 4-1 with 10 mins to go, to drawing 4-4. Beat City at Old Trafford 5-0 and lost at the Etihad 5-3. The scores throughout that season just seemed very random, no matter what I did. Other than that its very much same old FM (which there is nothing wrong with) already played 71 hours. Trying to catch up on the 600+ hours I played of the last edition haha
game-hours: 2.4
review: First match: ribery gets injured. THe rest of the players are on vacation, so I can't play the next match because I only have 10 players. Restart... First match: ribery gets injured. THis game will improve, or people will not buy fm 16. update march 2015 A key first team player was sold without my approval before I played the first training match. update A key first team player was sent on  permanent holiday without my approval.
game-hours: 126.1
review: I recommend this game.
game-hours: 168.2
review: I'm having a love-hate relationship with this version of the game. There's some stuff to love, and a bit more to hate. But here's the main points: Pros: +Switching between two teams when managing a club and country is easier +CONSIDERABLY more realistic +Sidebar, and game in general, is neat. Everything is tidy, easy to look at, easy to find Cons: -The team selection screen is so, so clunky -3D match engine is still awful. I still play on 2D because I cannot deal with the mistakes that will happen on 3D, like defenders passing in to their own net far more regularly than irl
game-hours: 88.9
review: --- Below is my original review, but I have changed it from recommended to not recommended, because even after patching, the game and match-engine is unrealistic; how could the programmers not realise this? I regret buying it and have gone back to FM14.--- This game is definitely not as bad as some of the reviews say, though it does have it's problems. I'd definitely recommend this to fans of the series. Let's go through the pros and cons: Pros: - I like the new UI, I think it's improved on previous titles, with things like scouting/transfers in more logical places - It runs smoother: you no longer have that weird 10 second pause when changing tactics in a match; instead it takes less than 2 seconds. This means you can make lots more changes in the match withou being annoyed by the pause every single time. - I haven't seen the oft mentioned issues with getting lots of injuries; its stayed around the same as previous titles on that front for me. -Player interaction and media interaction are considerably improved Cons: - Weirdly takes longer to save than FM14. Over a minute and a half for me. - The games ARE too high scoring, and this needs to be patched for realism purposes. I just had 5 games that were 6-3, 6-3, 5-3, 0-0 (lol) and 6-3 again... a bit silly... - Goalkeepers are pretty bad, hence the high scores. - It feels like it's harder to play a possession game, but that might be just because I'm Leicester. It's a fun game; I'm definitely glad I bought it. Good for fans of the series; if patched it could be brilliant. They say they've solved the issue of too many FKs going in, but they dont seem to have
game-hours: 213.2
review: I do not like writing about the games I have not completed,but... it's rather hard to complete any FM series game. I have already spent some time with the game and I can say, that FM 2015 is good as always - which means PERFECT. I had some problems to get used to a bit new look of the menus after spending hundreds of hours in the previous edition, but after 5 hours I realized, that it is now even more clear and comfortable. There is no need now to click through three windows to find interesting stats or anything else. The authors added even more tactical features, which make the impression, that you have even greater control of the way the team plays the matches. The graphic got better, though it's the least important part and of course the data base is updated adding thousands of new players, managers and more.. It's impossible to describe this game shortly and there is no sense in writing poems about it. If you have never played any Football Manager game and are at least a bit interested in football, then give it a try. And if you have played, then you probably do not any recommendation.
game-hours: 88.9
review: --- Below is my original review, but I have changed it from recommended to not recommended, because even after patching, the game and match-engine is unrealistic; how could the programmers not realise this? I regret buying it and have gone back to FM14.--- This game is definitely not as bad as some of the reviews say, though it does have it's problems. I'd definitely recommend this to fans of the series. Let's go through the pros and cons: Pros: - I like the new UI, I think it's improved on previous titles, with things like scouting/transfers in more logical places - It runs smoother: you no longer have that weird 10 second pause when changing tactics in a match; instead it takes less than 2 seconds. This means you can make lots more changes in the match withou being annoyed by the pause every single time. - I haven't seen the oft mentioned issues with getting lots of injuries; its stayed around the same as previous titles on that front for me. -Player interaction and media interaction are considerably improved Cons: - Weirdly takes longer to save than FM14. Over a minute and a half for me. - The games ARE too high scoring, and this needs to be patched for realism purposes. I just had 5 games that were 6-3, 6-3, 5-3, 0-0 (lol) and 6-3 again... a bit silly... - Goalkeepers are pretty bad, hence the high scores. - It feels like it's harder to play a possession game, but that might be just because I'm Leicester. It's a fun game; I'm definitely glad I bought it. Good for fans of the series; if patched it could be brilliant. They say they've solved the issue of too many FKs going in, but they dont seem to have
game-hours: 213.2
review: I do not like writing about the games I have not completed,but... it's rather hard to complete any FM series game. I have already spent some time with the game and I can say, that FM 2015 is good as always - which means PERFECT. I had some problems to get used to a bit new look of the menus after spending hundreds of hours in the previous edition, but after 5 hours I realized, that it is now even more clear and comfortable. There is no need now to click through three windows to find interesting stats or anything else. The authors added even more tactical features, which make the impression, that you have even greater control of the way the team plays the matches. The graphic got better, though it's the least important part and of course the data base is updated adding thousands of new players, managers and more.. It's impossible to describe this game shortly and there is no sense in writing poems about it. If you have never played any Football Manager game and are at least a bit interested in football, then give it a try. And if you have played, then you probably do not any recommendation.
game-hours: 2.4
review: First match: ribery gets injured. THe rest of the players are on vacation, so I can't play the next match because I only have 10 players. Restart... First match: ribery gets injured. THis game will improve, or people will not buy fm 16. update march 2015 A key first team player was sold without my approval before I played the first training match. update A key first team player was sent on  permanent holiday without my approval.
game-hours: 126.1
review: I recommend this game.
game-hours: 168.2
review: I'm having a love-hate relationship with this version of the game. There's some stuff to love, and a bit more to hate. But here's the main points: Pros: +Switching between two teams when managing a club and country is easier +CONSIDERABLY more realistic +Sidebar, and game in general, is neat. Everything is tidy, easy to look at, easy to find Cons: -The team selection screen is so, so clunky -3D match engine is still awful. I still play on 2D because I cannot deal with the mistakes that will happen on 3D, like defenders passing in to their own net far more regularly than irl
game-hours: 150.1
review: Arsenal won the league and Liverpool won the Champions in the same year. 10/10 for realism
game-hours: 325.5
review: great game!!!!
game-hours: 47.2
review: 10/10
game-hours: 124.8
review: A brilliant game.
game-hours: 394.7
review: Ungodly addictive, would sim another season again 10/10.
game-hours: 325.5
review: great game!!!!
game-hours: 10.8
review: Very in-depth and accurate.
game-hours: 127.9
review: brilliant game just need some people to do online with now who can say they play between 5-6 and then not come back on for about 2 weeks -_-
