game-hours: 27.8
review: Game of the year simulator. If you're thinking about buying a game and you don't have GTA5 you basically need this game. BEWARE you need a pretty fast computer to keep up, the game is cheap in comparison to what you might need to spend to get it running but I can play it on a Radeon HD 5870 1GB without much fuss so the fact that it can run on 2009 hardware is pretty impressive. No complaints in the optimization department. I must say, the PC options are fantastic. There is a LOT of tweaking to do, especially in regards to the controller and keyboard settings in addition to the expansive performance tweaks. My favorite part is having a keyboard and mouse and gamepad in front of me and when the game gets to an intense shooting part I can put down my controller and use the keyboard/mouse and start shooting without having to go to a settings menu and change anything. It just works. It's perfect. The gameplay itself needs no introduction. You can do pretty much anything. Even online play is pretty good, first time I played two guys were in an airplane and nosedived right into me while on foot and everyone died. 10/10
game-hours: 48.8
review: I can taste the console peasants' tears
game-hours: 56.0
review: This review took me almost 2 years to write and was delayed 3 times.
game-hours: 59.7
review: I walked 2 minutes in the rain.. and i actually get wet.. 10/10
game-hours: 3.8
review: first thing i did was turned model detail all the way up and went to strip club 69/69
game-hours: 22.5
review: PS3 & XBOX360 Thanks for Alpha Testing. Xbox One & PS4 Thanks for Beta Testing.
game-hours: 19.0
review: Rockstar told us the PC-version would be the ultimate version and they were right. I just love this game, the heists, the missions.. everything! 10/10 and it's running smooth. :) Pros: Beautiful graphics and city 3 character switch Smooth gameplay Hours of fun GTA online. Cons: Rockstar social club integration itself. Taking a long time to load sometimes.
game-hours: 66.6
review: Well it is finally here and they were not lying when they said the were optimising it. THEY OPTIMISED IT GREAT! Even if your PC meets minium requirements you can still run the game at 45-50 maybe 60 FPS.
game-hours: 75.8
review: Well, I played GTA V before on PS3 and I loved every moment of it, I played it allot on PS3, about 75 hours on story mode and 80 hours on multiplayer. It's not much but as I said, I liked it a lot. So... the moment we have been waiting for! Grand Theft Auto V on PC! I bought it again for PC because I want get the best experience that this game can give and play with my best friends that have only PC. I have GTX 780 Ti and it runs well on it, decent fps. Story mode is great and characters are even better (like in every R* games). In this game, we will have 3 main character: [A bit of spoilers] Michael De Santa; a retired bank robber, who, after making a deal with the FIB, moves alongside his family to Los Santos, where they live in a nice mansion. Franklin Clinton; a young man who dreams of becoming big-time in Los Santos, in a world where the glory days of street gangs has long passed. He works as a repo man for a car dealership, but his ambition makes him tired of the job. Trevor Phillips; is a mentally unstable guy and bank robber. A former military pilot, he based himself in Sandy Shores, where he founded "Trevor Philips Enterprises", which mainly deals with weapons and drugs. (He's my favourite character). Grand Theft Auto: Online Multiplayer with a lot of stuff to do (if it works). Game Modes: Free Mode - my favourite thing to do in this game! Deathmatch Race (including standard, GTA and Rally modes) Capture Survival Hold Contend Raid Parachuting You can have fun killing civilians or just chill and ride your car around beautiful places (what I like to do). Heists are additional GTA: Online missions that you can complete with your friends or with random people. It's really cool and a lot of fun, you will probably enjoy it! So the conclusion is that you must have this if you're a PC gamer, as this game has almost everything (killing to racing). The verdict is a "Must have" game that you will enjoy playing alone or with friends. As I said thousands of times, it is fun and epic! Enjoy and have fun!
game-hours: 61.4
review: Goodbye life...
game-hours: 64.8
review: *About to go to sleep* *Lets just do one more heist/ job and then got to sleep* .... *Completes job/heists* *how bout one more time* *completes job/heists* *maybe i can do one last one...* *cycle continues*  its 7am... 11/10
game-hours: 45.4
review: i was happier when this game launched than when my first born child was born
game-hours: 37.0
review: Rockstar shows one more time how to build a masterpiece. GTA V is not perfect but has everything you'll ever dream in a sandbox game. San Andreas is gorgeous and full of life, Trevor, Michael and Franklin are a trio full of charisma and the game simply raises the bar in so many aspects. It's worth your money, it's worth your time.
game-hours: 20.0
review: I was chasing a cat around the city... she got hit by a train... and survived... i got hit by a car... and died. 10/10 would chase the cat again and die. Anyways.. this game works.. even on my potato laptop. I like it.
game-hours: 66.7
review: I have a problem. My social life is now my second life.... Well NVM back to GTA..
game-hours: 55.0
review: its like skyrim with cars and guns
game-hours: 96.0
review: Hype paid off. Haven't touched any other game since release (April 13th).
game-hours: 72.2
review: April 14, day when I quit my job, April 14, day when GTA 5 was released for real xD April 14, day when I stop having xXx <3 with my wife, couse game have so much thrill ! Ok now about review : Grand Theft Auto V is a spectacular third person free roaming game which does well in portraying everyone's guilty pleasures, whether that is slaughtering innocents, exploding cop cars with RPGs, murdering hookers or taking a trip to the local strip club. Grand Theft Auto has always been amongst the greatest free-roam shooters of all time, and it continues that legacy here with GTA V. The online experience and racing have been greatly improved and the story features three playable protagonists rather than the traditional one. In the story of Grand Theft Auto V, you play as three very different characters, with three different, distinctive personalities. First is Michael, a retiree from the illegitimate business of bank robbing and a family man with tons of family problems. Next is the young blood, Franklin. Straight outta the hood and looking to make a living without having to look over his shoulder every step of the way. Lastly is Trevor, the truly psychotic man with no regards for human life. Everyone that plays GTA V instinctively chooses a favorite character, whether it is Michael, because you want to see him get his family back on track, Franklin, because you want to see him create a future for himself, or Trevor, because you too enjoy killing drunken rednecks. Regardless you must play as all three, and the greatest feature that separates the campaign of Grand Theft Auto V from all others is the bank heists. Plan and execute heists, whether you choose stealthy or an all out blood bath, choose your crew which ultimately decides the payout you receive from each heist and enjoy every detail and heist you can. The story is well worth the price of buying the game, but it comes with an added bonus. GTA Online. Although GTA Online had a rocky start with several issues, it is for the most part fixed today, and a very fun experience to play with friends. In the beginning their were terrible servers, problems involving created characters being deleted and now the mission payouts being much lower than early release, and replaying them pays out even less. Along with most others, I am still awaiting for heists in multiplayer, which very well may never come, but regardless GTA Online is still fun. You still have the ability to run around and kill others, as well as civilians, but instead of that simplicity, you can now customize your character, his vehicles, and even where he lives. You earn money through online missions and other methods that helps you pay for newer vehicles, apartments, weapons and clothes. You create your own character and literally choose his skills, which you can later improve. Grand Theft Auto always has great replay value, gamers still play San Andreas and GTA IV, and of course, several thousand still play GTA V. After the story is over, you can always free roam, and when you get tired of wandering aimlessly, the multiplayer is great to play for long periods of time. Gain satisfaction improving your vehicles and purchasing a high end apartment. I only have one little note about this game, NOT FOR KIDS. Seriously, if you are even the least bit immature, or offended by violence, language or sexual content, please do not buy this game, and don't buy it for kids either. A great game but it's worth waiting for, especially if it will traumatize you, or turn you from innocent, into a kid that spews foul language. Overall a masterpiece. Rating 9.6/10 Visual Rating: 10/10 Audio Rating: 10/10 Story Rating: 10/10 Playability Rating: 10/10 Replay Value: 9.5/10 Multiplayer: 8/10 Written by Golden members ; Epic Gunner and ZemunBRE Please do subscribe if you liked this review there will be more to come ;)
game-hours: 19.8
review: This version of the game serves as a glorious testament to the incredible power of the PC Master Race.
game-hours: 15.9
review: Played it for a few hours on PC. I have to say I definitely prefer it on the PC over the console version, it seems to run much smoother, looks nicer, the controls are easy, driving is definitely a HUGE improvement compared to GTA IV where that was just awful all together. Rockstar definitely proved me wrong, after the amount of rage I went through on GTA IV and how much of a crappy PC port it was along with all the buggy video editor errors, all of that seems to be fixed in GTA V PC with a tidier video editor and less buggy overall. Oh and no more GFWL! YES! Well done, Rockstar. Definitely worth buying.
game-hours: 132.2
review: This is one of those games that nail that sweetspot of RP [Roleplaying] and the perfected multiplayer that is in GTA V. Personally in these games I go for that and its typically hard for me to find games that are like this that my friends and I enjoy playing. GTA before [so GTA IV] hit the perfect spot of relying on the community of mods to keep it interesting and multiplayer which was fantastic. I think in these kind of reviews it's important to mention its predecessors and judge them to see exactly how far they have come. GTA IV was fantastic but abit buggy alot of glitches to be exploited and kinda fell short in that RP aspect as I saw it. Pros: -Alot more to do in the terms of Role Playing and in terms of multiplayer alot more for the player to strive for which is a key aspect in keeping a player immersed and infactuated with a game alot of the reason why Skyrim and such are still so played - The multiplayer is done really well no ports or anything to have a server just for you and your friends to screw around in - Roleplaying has that optional feature that it isnt necessary to have rely on like in Skyrim. There is that feeling that you can have it with friends aswell the game is what you make of it and I LOVE IT - The asthetics are supremely adjustable more than alot, even most games have out there and helps catch the eye that just give you that itchy finger for screenshots - Friends, if you have any this is a game that can just be played for screwing around in a sandbox feel and keep the game anticipating which most games don't do - The game literally is just for  and laughs there are some many things in this game that just make fun of other things in media which keep the game hilarious and fun to play - The story mode is well done but not alot of replay value and is fun just for a story mode with good characters and voice acting that aren't heard in every single game you play like troy baker as the main voice actor helps make it diverse - Online and Singleplayer are easy to switch to and from with easy access to players etc. - The ingame recording is a nice and good feature to have that makes the game feel a complete package which helps complete that 60$ feeling to a game such as this - PC Master Race> Console Beta Testing Cons: - Public servers suck like public restrooms when you enter one you non-stop get killed and robbed, etc. and it seems that no matter what when you leave an activity you automatically enter one unless you set it to make your own private server - When you are in a public server when someone talks in it it goes across all the server there should be some limiting proximity to this because it is just plain mic spam when someone is talking. - The damage system for cars is kind of short cars give way super fast unless you buy armor for it [in about like 100 levels] which sucks and gives the feeling of buying cars just plain dumb - Killing in the game is a bit realistic and a bit stupid a combonation of both which could be easily fixed when you shoot at someone they take about awhole round in anywhere but the head - Cop are extremely accurate and actually do stuff which is good in the sense never do something bad or the cops will come eat you, but its done in away that if you do something like run over a headlight they chase you. This drags away from the initial feel of GTA in my opinion - The  LOADING there are so many loading screens that take awhile to through even with the game optimzation - The game is the most demanding game I've played ever which makes it hard to have fun and not worry about your fps the whole time and that sucks major cohoanez (i run a 970 and still get 42 fps and some points) - Game invites there are so many of them and that little DING that you get when you are playing sucks  cause its so damn frequent and sucks, i know there is the setting to pretty much turn it off but you can't from my experience when playing with friends With all of these pros they do outweigh the cons in the game in away that yes if you look closely at the game every second you will notice but otherwise if you play the game normally you won't most of the time. This all being said i find the game to still be fun with and without friends hours and hours of gameplay in and will proly delve hundreds upons thousands of hours in the game with friends, mods, and gameplay enjoyment. With so much to do and work toward it keeps the game perfect. This is a perfect game that was worth the wait and everything is lovely and asthetic as a hot girl in the sun.
game-hours: 28.1
review: I couldn't enjoy this game on a console, but maybe it's even better because I was familiarized for the first time with GTA V on PC. The game is well optimized and polished, didn't notice many bugs yet, the graphics are stunning, even at medium settings. The gameplay is way more developed in comparison to GTA IV and the story is promising to be very interesting. I don't regret any cent I spent for this game. Totally worth it.
game-hours: 17.2
review: boobies in 1080p at > 60 fps
game-hours: 121.2
review: It has been out for 4 days... I have already wasted my life 10/10 -IGN
game-hours: 39.7
review: Another amazing Grand Theft Auto game. Ive been sticking with grand theft auto for 13 years or so now. Still remember the day i ran to the store to get GTA III for my ps2 in early 2003. Ive played all of them and now, including this one. Even tho for some its just a game, for me. Its become a tiny part of my past. Not to sound like a obessed gamer of some kind lol. Its just, if you follow a games developement for so long it becomes something special. Good old Grand Theft Auto :) 100/10
game-hours: 26.9
review: Franklin : Hey babe! Girl : Yeah... whatever! the biech died! 10/10
game-hours: 59.8
review: Amazing Game  Take a dog out for a walk, play tennis, be a taxi driver and shareholder. I enjoy it so much. The story was great and funny in most of it =) make me keep following it. Also the world look nice and beautiful, a lot of activities to do and a lot of thing that waiting us to find out ;) Not a single problem I found. Everything went fine for me. I loved and enjoy all of it.
game-hours: 131.0
review: 1st headache caused from staring at monitor without blinking for mutltiple hours. 2nd headache from dehydration. Am prepared for hundreds more headaches. Someone please help me.
game-hours: 17.7
review: I play this at 720p, 24hz, and the lowest settings for the most cinematic experience.
game-hours: 4.6
review: People who use xbox controllers get kicked from lobbys 10/10 Would use keyboard and mouse again.
game-hours: 16.9
review: At least it runs well on my PC. Game itself is good. Looks a lot better than it does on my nephews PS4. Unlike the GTA4, at least this one is not horribly optimized. This review would have been a positive had not a certain petty even occured. The moderators of this game are trolls. They ruined my perfect steam account with several bans. I was locked out of steam for a few days pending ban. I wrote a petty post stating "Too bad P!r*t3s are enjoying the game while we are just stuck with a preload." That comment resulted in ban. Then I got in more trouble for contesting it resulting in a temporary lock out of my steam account. Forget about steam support. They don't answer calls, and the ticket is a week old. Maybe I should not have wrote it, but I don't think it was worthy of a ban of any sort. Bottom line don't even say the word P!r*t3 or any other related word in any way. Not even in the old definition before we had internet. You could say a racial slur, and nothing will happen to you, you say p*r*cy and bann. Seriously though is steam becoming as evil as EA? PS. They keep deleting this review. So my truth must be getting to them. I keep rewording more carefully.
game-hours: 42.8
review: We all know (or should know) that this game is excellent and probably the best GTA of the series. So lets skip that! The forum is litterally filled with questions about if the game runs well without having a high end rig, so lets talk about that. I personally was worried as well about if I could run this game as I have a graphics card that doesn't even meet the minimum requirements, but I took the (expensive) gamble anyway. I was pleasantly surprised to see that the game ran fine right from the start! I could even go beyond the recommended settings and still have a very smooth and stable fps. So If you have a desktop similar or better then mine you should definitely be able to play the game! i5-3350p (@ 3.10GHz) 6 GB ram Geforce GT-620 (2GB) 720p
game-hours: 20.2
review: If you have friends, this is a great game to play with them. If you don't have any friends, this is a great game to play alone. If you don't have the game to play, get the money for it. If you don't have Nice PC to play, get the money for it. If you don't have the money for it, get a job. If you don't have a job, rob the bank. If you get arrested robbing the bank, at least you tried.
game-hours: 4.1
review: Steam and Rockstar Support have been about as useful as a 5 year old girl with Polio in a boxing match. >Bought the game >Activated through social club >Asks for the activation code AGAIN >Rejects code because I already activated it to get to this screen >Ignored by Rockstar support for 48 hours while I cry and eat ice-cream >Use self refund key and get full refund into steam wallet >Use wallet money to re-buy the game in order to get working key >Play for 4 hours on awful servers with raging itallians >Get kicked from a mission for putting on Maroon 5 on the radio >Sign in to steam this morning >Steam has taken away GTA (appears in library but says 'purchase' instead of 'play' >Taken away the self-refund option too >Am currently crying and eating ice-cream again while Steam Support also ignores me -999/10 Took my money and stole my game - what even is this Gabe you evil little man (I understand this is not a review of the game, but I feel the service and problems encountered getting help from both the retailer (Steam) and developer (Rockstar) should be explained here as these are problems that YOU, a potential buyer, could end up dealing with too. This also goes as a warning to users planning on using Steams 'self-refund' ability - DO NOT INSTANTLY RE-PURCHASE, give it a good 24hours before re-purchasing to avoid my problem.
game-hours: 61.4
review: Game is awesome. Simple as. So much to do. So beautiful. An insta-purchase that will keep me busy for many hours to come.
game-hours: 38.2
review: Found a plane, and struggled with the PC controls. Crashed into a building. 9/11. Crashed a beach buggy into a park. Was offered a hit of Marijuana and ended up shooting aliens with a minigun. 10/11. Went online in the most ridiculous game of capture the flag ever, which ended in a giant pile of at least 50 cars in an intersection trying to steal evidence. 11/11. Tried to say hello to a guy in online and immediately got shot in the face. 12/11, GOTY.
game-hours: 58.8
review: Someone smashed me with a plane and screamed Allahu Akbar 10/10
game-hours: 34.7
review: I miss bowling with Roman T^T
game-hours: 112.4
review: absolutely love it, haven't played a good tennis game for the pc in a while!
game-hours: 12.4
review: People ran over me like im nothing and its true
game-hours: 45.2
review: I miss bowling nights with Roman. 10/10
game-hours: 28.6
review: 60 fps or higher does a brutal difference, now it has exclusive pc content such as Rockstar Editor and a great community overlay. You can also notice a HUGE difference between ps4 or xbox one on graphics, rockstar did a great job. If you're thinking about owning this game, you should do it right now! As our friend, Gaben, would say; - Worth the wait. Good job Rockstar, I'm 100% amused. Filthy , aka carlos
game-hours: 54.2
review: No kids like on console versions. 10/10
game-hours: 77.7
review: it has strippers 100/100
game-hours: 14.8
review: Runs really smooth and graphics look very nice! (running on a GTX970) If you've been waiting for the PC release its definitely worth it. If you played it for the console, graphics will be night and day :). Graphics: 9/10 Compatibility: 9/10 Multiplayer: 9/10 Editor: 10/10 (make your own movies!) Chop: 10/10 (Chop does what Chop does best :) ) Other notes: you can max out most of settings then lower down the shadows and still maintain about 60-70fps which is pretty good :)
game-hours: 28.4
review: Steps to playing GTAV: Play with friends -> Have fun -> Kill them for no reason Have no friends? -> Make some -> Kill them for no reason Would shot people, have cops chase me across the city, get blown up and die all for 50 bucks 69/10
game-hours: 99.0
review: I've been playing this game since day 1 when it came out, for 4 days straight, everyday for aprox 18 hours. In less than 3 days I finished the main missions and most of the optional side missions (game completion at 75%), without stealing more than 3 cars/vehicles in total (in the stats I have Trevor with one police car stolen and Michael with one FireTruck and a Taxi stolen, Franklin didn't steal no nothing). I also played on the side Online in that game time and reached a Rank over 20, it's great fun with or without friends. It feels like this game is a drug that stole my life...but I don't regret a thing. Things I really enjoyed and you should probably do too: The game, despite it's large size, it's amazingly optimized with many graphic options to tweak. I have exactly the minimum requirements and I can run it, sure I had to turn every fancy pc enchanting option off and it looks like the graphics on the old-gen consoles, but I am happy, it works with +30fps. The missions are really captivating, the money spending system feels more challenging (because you have a lot to spend it on, to invest it, to simly lose it). You get to meet many interesting sidecharacters and the overall voiceacting is really good. Besides the actual story and the many twists in the missions, they have quite a replay value due to their minichallenges for each of them (like 'finish in the required time', 'complete it in a certain order' etc.) if you are a completionist. The car handleing, amazing, the gave up the GTA IV 'simulator' like driving and brought back the arcade like car handling from the older ones, where you can rotate in the air or do some nice stunts. The world is really immersing, each NPC with it's small story, with their interactions etc. It's a living world filled with living people, animals and moments...and with Internet, Radio and Cable TV! I can't quite say there is a lot of choice based tasks, but there is a really decent number of those, most of them involving planning or the interaction choice, but as long as you have imagination there will always be a choice. It's great that we have animals, you can kill them, you can play/interact with them, you can even become them at a certain point (hidden easter egg). Most of the people are avereage aged, from 20-60 or so, I kinda wished we also had the extrems like children or quite old people...sure it would probablly create some controversy, but it would make give the game an even more real feeling. And I could enumerate so many more...but now I have to get back to the game.
game-hours: 41.5
review: This game ruined my life. After traveling far across the city of Los Santos in search of a car that would help me appear more appealing to the ladies, I found a Truffade Adder sitting on the side of the road and took it as my own. I then proceeded to flaunt my newly found ride in and around the pier. Soon enough a young blonde woman (who I can only presume loved me for my car) called me over to her and offered to make my night. I believed that we were going to go out bonding at a coffee shop and talk about our feelings, but before I knew it she was  my . Little did I know I had been led under the influence of the earthly equivalent of a siren, known by many as a street hooker. I now have an irrational fear of fish nets, red heels, and anything pertaining to leopard print. I miss the fishing trips with my family. I miss being able to take my son to the exotic plains of Africa on a leopard hunting expedition. My life is over. I can not go on living in this way. I do not want to go on living in this way. Every day I wake up wishing I hadn't. Someone please put me out of this hell. I will do anything. Please... 11/10
game-hours: 56.8
review: GTA V on PC is finally here (which was delayed for 1 year, 6 months, 28 days), but it can easily be forgiven. Because the content is already awesome and it's technically stunning. It feels like a new Los Santos. There is no open world game that can match that. And the Rockstar Editor offers such an easy access and so many possibilities in terms of clips/movies creation that we can only be sure that the pleasure will last for a long, long time. The game is well optimized for pc as well. Excellent work Rockstar!
game-hours: 10.9
review: The best GTA, ever! - good optimization - good graphic - very detailed
game-hours: 77.0
review: AWESOME! -
game-hours: 12.0
review: Port, done right.
game-hours: 30.9
review: Thanks for beta testing filthy console peasants! #TheGloriousPCMasterRace #Kappa #JK #WhySoSerious #Inb4Butthurt
game-hours: 24.0
review: Gameplay: 8/10 The game is good, the graphics are well polished but still has a little of stuttering that can be fixed in the next patch. Optimization is ok, not too much as Max Payne 3 but still is good in these days.
game-hours: 34.6
review: For the first time in the series, characters now have a set of eight skills that they can grow over time. Stamina, strength, stealth, and lung capacity are joined by a meter for their special abilities. These impact how long you can run and swim, of course, but also impact how well you handle recoil, climbing speed, take-off and landing in planes and helicopters, and so much more. If you want to bump up your flying skills, logic follows that you head to flight school. Similarly if youd like to have a bit more stamina, then riding bikes, triathlons, tennis, golf and other physical activities will help with that. Other than specialty skills, simply doing more of something makes you better at it  practice makes perfect. This is not an arbitrary add, but one with real. Also Graphically, Grand Theft Auto V makes the respectable presentation of its predecessor look pretty bland in comparison. What a difference five and a half years makes! Gone is the drab and depressing color scheme, giving players all the bright faux-California sun they can stand. Having lived in Los Angeles, many places in the world of Los Santos, San Andreas are familiar. The city itself is teeming with life, and I dont just mean random pedestrians and cars roaming around. People go about their daily lives: traffic backs up, downtown is busy, Vinewood is full of shopping and mansions, Vespucci Beach has people skating and lifting weights, Blaine County is far more rural with rednecks and pink flamingos, and wind turbines spin in the distance like the real-world San Gorgonio Pass Wind Farm. The whole place feels organic, looks the part, and is more like a living world than ever before.
game-hours: 57.5
review: No more need for friends, family, or pets. My virtual life has finally gone sentient. Farewell outernet, you sucked anyway.
game-hours: 43.7
review: 10/10 Review This is the third time buying this game bought it first on PS3 and 2nd time bought it on PS4 and know bought it on PC! This game is so fun! it was easy to install and has really good graphics! Absolutely amazing game and plays even better on PC! #console 60 FPS all Ultra Setting i7 4790k 2k GTX 980s SC 16 gb ram
game-hours: 23.1
review: REAL BOSS GAME
game-hours: 73.3
review: While the PC version of this outstanding game is new, it's been out long enough on consoles that I don't need to go into every single thing about the game so I'll just sum up what I personally like, (ALOT) and don't like (Not too much). Likes: -The Environment An insane amount of detail has been paid to recreating parts of L.A. (L.S.) to near perfection. Having been to the actual city several times, I could easily recognize landmarks and accurate streets while in game. The Viper Roorm, Ripley's Believe It or Not museum, The Scientology Center are all here plus lots more albeit renamed but the structures remain the same. When the sun sets and rises, all of the lighting is accurate and at times, absolutley beautiful especially when the light rays are breaking around Mt. Chiliad and when storms roll through the desert or in the cities, it's some of the best weather FX I've seen in a game because it feels real. Roads gradually get wetter the more it rains and lightning illuminates everything when it crashes. It truly feels like a living world. -The Satire What I feel is one of the strongest points of the game is how it shows no mercy towards the vapid lifestyle that's so prevalent in L.A. across all social classes. The rich are just as shallow as the poor in their life goals and in a very cathartic and some would say sadistic way, it's never been more fun to mow down socialite trash in the hills or go on a rampage down in the ghetto. The signage and radio commercials are also perfect, knocking everything from politics to the video game industry itself. This can keep a person driving around just looking at billboards and movie posters and listening to the varied radio stations. -The Characters There are many who dislike the characters, especially Trevor and I can see why but I liked them because of how they played off of one another. Michael, the would be retiree who's juggling family problems. Franklin, a young man growing up in the hood, doing what needs to be done but also having some kind of conscience and a want to get out of his current lifestyle. Trevor, the manic fiend throws all caution to the wind and is the vulgar but free spirit, taking pride in his insanity but also has some insightful moments along the journey. None of the characters generate any real kind of sympathy but they're all believable and kept me wanting to play to see how things end up for each of them. The voice actors do an A+ job in bringing them and the secondary characters to life. -The First Person Mode Not only is this one of the best 3rd person games ever made, it's also one of the best FPS's in years. Being able to take in the entirety of the world and action through the eyes of each character really brings the world to life and the shooting is super smooth in both 3rd and 1st person modes. -The Radio Stations There's nothing like blasting through neighboorhoods or driving off cliffs while rocking "We Built This City" by Starship or "Heartbeat" by Don Johnson. If you like pop, rock, country, rap, trance or even talk radio, there's something here for anyone to like. Dislikes: -The Police They seem overly aggresive and I don't know if that's a play on the LAPD or not but there have been time that I've simply pointed a gun at someone and got swarmed by 4 cop cars in less than 5 seconds. Also while in a car, I've been clear of their field of view with no chopper in the air and parked in the most secluded hiding spot I could find only to have them pinpoint my location and jump the walls to get me. -The Storefronts I just wish there were more of them that could be entered and explored but I also know how much of a challenge this would be in an already huge world. I'd be happy if they would have an arcade somewhere with a few playable classic games. -The Sub and the Helicopter For me, the sub missions are the biggest weakness in story mode. The model looks cool but is just dull and not much fun to drive and thankfully main missions with it are few. The helicopter, while fun, could have the controls refined a bit more to make it more fluid especially when trying to pinpoint certain targets. Thankfully Rockstar is fairly lenient when it comes to this. -Real Time Destruction Again, like the storefronts, I know how much it would take to have this throughout the world and we'd probably be lucky to get 10-30 frames per second with Phys-X cranked up but it would be a sight to behold bringing down one of the contruction sites or collapsing an overpass at will. Something about shooting a rocket at a building and only leaving scuff marks really removes me from the game in those moments. -Extra Activities Given the sun and sand vibe of L.S.(L.A.), I wish that you could surf and skateboard. Seeing a skateshop as well as a skatepark and half pipes and only being able to ride them with a bmx bike left me slightly gnashing my teeth. That's not to say they couldn't add these things in a dlc pack, (fingers crossed) but I just find theior absence strange and overlooked. Those nitpicks aside, this is still one of the best games I've played in a very long time and, with so much to do, I'll be playing it for the rest of the year and beyond and smiling the whole time. Overall Score: 9 out of 10
game-hours: 13.7
review: Well, what can I say? Grand Theft Auto IIIII is another installation for the Infamous GTA franchise developed by Rockstar. First impression was immensively outstanding. The ability to immerse yourself in the online multiplayer is extremely corporeal. This has everything that I could ever possibly want from a video game, and delivers ten fold. There is simply not enough time in the day to spend playing Grand Theft Auto Five Online. It is pretty enjoyable. Kind of wish I pre-ordered, but that is pointless considering it is easy to accumulate cash, if you're not wasting it on tattoo's, cheap suits, or car mods after you complete each and every job, which, in my case, I have a bad habit of indulging in all of the above. To make a long story short, it's fun. There could be a few improvements, but you know how the old saying goes... You wish in one hand, and poop in the other; which one fills up first?
game-hours: 87.4
review: 4 days, 73 hours, know what it means?
game-hours: 23.6
review: My first playing Gta V on the first task. I accidentally killed guard -> mission failed I tried killing/running enemies -> dead Driving by car -> got stuck Racing the car -> lost on the last place Running againts girl -> lost Swiming -> drowned Flying by plane -> damaged Yoging -> hurting Helicopter landing on the ground -> damaged Oh man, I love this game.
game-hours: 39.6
review: It's definitely worth buying this game. The game is great, theres a lot of activities, I encountered only 1-2 bugs. The game is perfect. 10/10 But the MP side has more bugs, but the game is playable. 9/10
game-hours: 4.8
review: So I haven't played any GTA since GTA 2 (1997), and that has been one of my favorite games from my teenage years. I skipped GTA 3 and 4 mainly because I didn't care for the change from 2D top down to 3D third person. However seeing the Total Biscuit review for the game convinced me to give this game a try. Honestly, I'm blown away in regards to how good this game actually is. The attention to detail and the grand scale of the world is really amazing. I have only a few hours in so far, but I am completely sold by how good the game actually is, and look forward to playing it for many hours more.
game-hours: 22.3
review: Imma let you finish but GTA V is one the best ports of all time... ONE OF THE BEST PORTS OF ALL TIME!! It was totally worth the wait for a better version after playing it on PS3. There's a huge jump in terms of visuals. Besides, custom soundtracks, mods, first person mode, better graphics, smoother frame rates, higher resolution, more music and of course, the best thing ever; the amazing director mode. I love you Rockstar!!!! 10000 OUT OF 10!
game-hours: 21.0
review: I became a cat and managed to float above the ground. 10/10
game-hours: 78.7
review: It still has some technical issues, nonetheless the game itself is perfect! It runs smooth generally but there are occasional crashes and glitches.
game-hours: 32.0
review: 70% Of my play time is loading screen...
game-hours: 89.3
review: This game rocks so much that I wanna be straight again. 10/10
game-hours: 57.8
review: i read on kotaku that its better than civilization 5 with the brave new world expansion pack
game-hours: 70.7
review: Was doing a heist with friends. Two friends start beating up a car, other friend gets pissed and launches a rocket at them and kills them both. Mission failed. 10/10 would reccomend.
game-hours: 88.1
review: 10    10
game-hours: 45.9
review: I was waiting this game for a years! Finally, when I've bought it in January, I got extra gift GTA San Andreas + 1.000.000$ in cash for Online, and 500.000$ in cash for Offline mode. The best game ever, they can say what they want, but this game is absolutely the best. Works perfectly on Quad-Core 3.4 GHz, 8GB RAM and 1GB DDR5 PCI-E 3.0 graphics. :)
game-hours: 80.1
review: 9.9/10 only needs higher fov slider
game-hours: 37.4
review: best game ever! would buy again! :yay:
game-hours: 77.1
review: PC      FOVFOVMOD
game-hours: 28.7
review: It should be the best game of the year ... Thanks R*
game-hours: 67.7
review: Thanks for Beta testing console pesents!
game-hours: 47.3
review: While playing online with friends, "Hey guys, lets play some missions to level up." 3 Hours later while jumping off a building into a pool by the beach, I say, "Weren't we going to do missions?" "Yeah..." Continues jumping into the pool.
game-hours: 68.2
review: i wanna thank all the console players for water cooling my PC with their tears. 10\10
game-hours: 49.2
review: it's grand theft auto five why won't you buy it?
game-hours: 21.9
review: The game only works for about half the people that bought it. WAIT FOR A PATCH.
game-hours: 18.1
review: it's....amazing...
game-hours: 65.0
review: Literally better than you could ever imagine! A way better than how I expected it to be. I'm proud of you Rockstar!
game-hours: 12.0
review: I never felt more like a hood n*gga in my entire life! 11/10!
game-hours: 25.7
review: Took a picture of pile of  10/10
game-hours: 66.8
review: First day, played 18 hours straight. RIP Life.
game-hours: 22.9
review: great sandbox game, works fine on older PCs and laptops, patch fixed all my problems with game
game-hours: 43.6
review: Thanks for beta testing console players. #PCMASTERRACE etc.
game-hours: 55.4
review: 4 hours on Single Player and 4 on Multiplayer so far. Fantastic entry into the GTA series. Stable performance (Normal settings) with an Nvidia 560, though planning to upgrade to shorten loading times. Gameplay and controls are top notch, GTA IV's floaty character controls and sloppy, boat-like slippery driving are gone. Controls have been well made for both keyboard and controller alike (Logitech F710), though flying is a bit rough on the keyboard. Only issues I notice are: Loading times (again, old video card), CPU dependent, with a rather nasty CPU intensive spike whenever one is viewing a cutscene or in an interior (i5 2500K SB 3.30GHz) An odd issue where the game minimized whenever I attempted to use full screen mode (This was after 8 solid hours of gameplay)
game-hours: 35.6
review: Amazing game!! So glad I waited for this ultimate version!!! I'm getting very smooth 45-60 FPS at 1080P with FX-8320, 16 GB, GTX750Ti EDIT: Forgot to mention - I'm running all settings at High or Very High - game looks amazing and runs great on my system!
game-hours: 31.9
review: Amazing Game! Characters,Gameplay,Atmosphere and everything is PERFECT!!! 10/10
game-hours: 114.4
review: 10/10 would kills dat ballas ers
game-hours: 46.6
review: i fangirled so hard when this came out. 10/10 would again
game-hours: 55.5
review: Amazing port to PC i run solid 60fps on Ultra , I've only played online so i cant speak for the campaign but if its like the console campaign then its glorious. easily one of the funniest games ive played with friends. oh btw Strip club Tiittys realistic af ,thats all you need to know.
game-hours: 57.9
review: Yes.
game-hours: 77.7
review: It's an amazing game yet it needs some patching. Once in every two or three hours I (and my friends) are heaving a memory leak and game freezes (like 0.1 fps) until restart. I am using a laptop with two videocards so each time I start launcher it crashes unless I turn one of videocards off while it loads. It is rather annoying. Optimization itself is pretty fine, I wasn't sure that my laptop will handle this game but it does. And speaking about actual game aside of these memory leaks and various issues with starting up the game - its grate. I had little faith in GTA series after IV being a boring trash, but GTAV learned on the mistakes of the previous chapter. Characters are more original and charismatic. Unlike in GTAIV where you had to do 5 missions between every "story" mission, each task in GTAV makes sense and does not feel boring at all. Downsides in GTA Online: Dozens of glitches and bugs that are both annoying and even game breaking. But what is most important (and frustrating) is loading times and amount of these said loading times. After almost every action you have to stare at the loading screen (from 15 to 60 seconds). Example 1 (Remember, like I said - each loading is bout 30 seconds): Join online -> loading -> failed to connect -> loading -> Join online -> loading -> Joined, but friends are in another "world" -> First option: Join friends -> loading -> A lot of players in here, do you want to wait in Queue? -> No -> Loading Second option: Join friends -> Do you want to wait in queue? -> Ok, fine! -> Loading -> You spawn in some game world that is different from your first one, for a duration of queue -> Loading -> Joined friends Example 2 Join heist -> loading -> joined heist, lobby leader is starting the heist in 10 seconds -> one of party members left the lobby -> disconnecting -> loading Example 3: Join random heist/job -> loading -> You don't want to do that particualr thing -> leave -> loading
game-hours: 40.9
review: Rockstar fix your ing game, The stuttering in this game is ridiculous, the way the textures are streamed is ed up, after 20-30 mins the game just starts eating more and more ram to the point that it starts using the page file memory instead.... There obviously a memory leaking issue, and alot of people are having the same problem no matter the brand or how powerful the rig is. based on multiple users configurations, I can safely without a doubt that your game is not optimized properly. 3 delays for more optimization my , release a patch that can fix this memory leak, after that then I might recommend this game, but for now. hurry up with a proper fixing patch.
game-hours: 34.7
review: i figured the game might actually work on launch day.. or the day after..
game-hours: 17.4
review: - Proud owner of large fedora collection and meme expert. But for real its ok.
game-hours: 27.1
review: Roman DLC Inc. ;) Also includes bowling.
game-hours: 41.9
review: Best game ever! 11/10
game-hours: 37.6
review: hello
game-hours: 2.8
review: it continues to crash. very upset so far.
game-hours: 43.9
review: Unpacking Simulator 2015
game-hours: 17.3
review: A great port
game-hours: 46.6
review: ~LF a girlfriend, message me details+hobbies. ~Best game of its genre no doubt. If you enjoyed the other GTAs then this is a MUST GET (even tho its been out for a while now on Console) BUT NOW ITS ON PC!!!! BRING IN THE MODS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ~PS: GTA4 was kinda dumb except for it's graphics and next gen physics and stuff for it's time (in other words it didn't really have much content/things to do but storyline and such). GTA5 is that but on ROIDS and FULL OF THINGS TO DOOOO!
game-hours: 59.3
review: Developer Rockstar did a great job with Grand Theft Auto V for PC. The game runs smooth like butter and reaches an average of over 60 frames per second. I can't recommend this game more, go get it!
game-hours: 40.1
review: Great game so far. some performce issues even though I have a good PC but only when I enter new places. Hope that get's fixed and this is by far the best game that has come out 2015 on PC.
game-hours: 55.5
review: BEST GAME EVER !!! I do not have words to describe how chicly this game 11\10
game-hours: 37.8
review: You can't play online without having someone blow up your car... then screaming in their microphone "OOOOOOOOOHHHHHHH KIDD GET REKT M8 YOUR SO BAD *swear words* mom comes in saying WHAT THE HECK DID YOU SAY and that kid says HAVE TO GO SORRY *friend*! *hangs up and leaves* and im like what the heck. also sticky bombs... sticky bombs
game-hours: 35.9
review: most of my hours are from loading not playing 11/10
game-hours: 17.3
review: screw all 4.000 people that vote negative to this game :) go and play mario then idiots u dont deserve to look at this game
game-hours: 82.4
review: 10/10/10/10! What an amazing game. It was amazing on the PS4 when I played it, and I'm so glad I bought it for the PC as well. I bought a new computer rig for it, and I play at 1080p nearly Max settings all and get a smooth 60 FPS! What an improvement from GTA 4! I really do hope they release some fun DLCs, but I am also excited about seeing Mods in the game! Do you like cars, planes, helicopters, pure.. mayhem? GTA 5 is for you! It is the ultimate amalgamation of FUN! Anything can happen in this game.. Anything.. Don't miss out!!
game-hours: 46.8
review: Roman is sad in Liberty City. He wants to come and play. 10/10 (No bowling with Roman)
game-hours: 17.0
review: gr8 m8 i r8 8/8
game-hours: 29.1
review: Its Gta :D Can only be good ^^
game-hours: 77.3
review: Great game with an amazing singleplayer storyline which is long and fun to play. There are many side missions and things you can do if you ever get bored of the main missions. You can fly planes, drive boats or just go around doing whatever you want. The multiplayer is so fun and there are so many challenges and different missions/heists that you can do with your friends or anyone you want. There is so much to unlock and so many different vehicles to customize. You can buy houses, vehicles, planes, boats and so much more. The heists which were only introduced recently are fun, challenging and great to do with friends. I would recommend this game to anyone especially if you have played the previous GTAs this game brings together aspects from every game which you will notice. The map features things like Grove Street and Mt Chiliad from SA and other GTA games. Overall this game is very fun and great to play with friends or alone and I would recommend it to anyone.
game-hours: 63.9
review: Well since 17/04/2015 I was have pain in the  loading the game for 1 ing hour even it was horrible I just crashed and crashed over and over again and on graphics only thing that I can see is squares its like ing: Minecraft 2 as party buuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuut its kinda fun to play if you play with your close friends you have so much fun without doing exactly nothing just sitting even when we come to phone or tv's they are actually animations and shows just like real life (but serously watch out watching these when I was exactly doing nothing but watching suddenly a woman voice sayed windmills kills birds and we shouldnt save energy and bla bla bla when I hear this I was like wtf then how solar panels KILLS the birds. if a 6 years girl/boy hear this he probaly turn into those who dont care about forests and the world so please I know its kinda funny you some of you think but serously dont even think about this) well another thing we can say is its kinda too much unrealastic beacuse of the FPS for sure and I dont even care about 60 gb I cant even say something but some of you say even 10 gb is too much how we gonna download 60 gb oww?! well  you then we are not in a world that tech is too further if its easy to fit a game like gta 5 in 1 gb go and make your own  game second of all game is the best game ever we can count: graphics (if you have great computer that can carry on gta 5), game modes and many many more. but you know people just can die from 1 single pistol shot no matter what (Im not counting those who has great strengh and does sports all the time they can die with 3-4 shots even if they are not wearing and armor but in this game you just fist fight each other and they just die from sprint and hit (like you ran and punch them in the face they just die not even 5% blood comes out and they just die from pain or what) and when we come to guns if you are away from them like 10m just shot over 5 times! they wont die (civils) they have and invisble armor or what when we come to cops they die from 3 bullets on headshot and over 13 times with body shot now wow even a real life cop can die from a 5 shots (if they are wearing great armor). now for the biggest thing of all for me: graphics : 7/10 shoting : 10/10 characters (single): 1/10 Lester (why I even counting him): 10/10 multiplayer IN A SERVER WITH TROLL PLAYERS : 1/1000000000000000000000000000000 ( NO) friends server : 9/10 freaking characters on multi : 8/10 easter eggs : 6/10 (I didnt like those easter eggs much missions : 1/10 heists (much more better atleast has a adrenaline) : 10/10 62/90 (not counting multi  that) game is play-able for me
game-hours: 30.1
review: I'm not sure with all these other people with bugs, but it runs great for me! And it's very fun and beautiful looking. The only "bug", so to speak, was that it crashed once. But so far, this is good!
game-hours: 83.7
review: the cops ran me over, gave me a three star wanted level, then ran over me again 10/10 police brutality
game-hours: 84.8
review: 11/10 would unpack again!
game-hours: 49.9
review: buy it when the devs fix their social club. if they ever do that.....
game-hours: 17.9
review: It's working REALLY well for my system, I'm loving the amazing graphics and features, this is by far the best GTA I've played so far. Well done Rockstar!
game-hours: 13.0
review: after playing the console version this really enforces that pc is superior. the graphics are amazing and its just so much better with higher framerates. 10/10 i skipped homework to play. now... time to start that powerpoint
game-hours: 66.7
review: One of the most detailed game I've ever seen. Worth it's money and time spent in waiting. The true successor of Grand Theft Auto series, now with even more detailed story. Storytelling, graphics, activities, everything is perfect here. But Grand Theft Auto: Online is still crap, sorry. No heists can make me stay in 30-player world where other 29 are barely intelligent kids. And missions/races are boring as hell too.
game-hours: 43.7
review: it is very good i bomb people in gta
game-hours: 39.9
review: +Well optimized +great graphics -Rockstar Social Club -Beta was only available on consoles 10/11 would wait 2 years again
game-hours: 105.4
review: You know you want it. You know you need it. Buy it!
game-hours: 27.9
review: 10/10 I finally found a game that made my wildest desire to come true... Kicking a ing cat in the face and then stomp his little head till I get tired.
game-hours: 46.6
review: That dog smelled something and stopped following my orders ! WTH ! This city has more opportunities than in Liberty City. Lots of love, Rockstar.
game-hours: 51.7
review: Game is just stunning, a masterpiece, just gonna keep playing the shetz out of it. Well, I fixed my game at first, it was stuck on Social Club loading after logged successfuly. Maybe that's cuz my system name has a symbol -> . ... Here's how I did it: If your username contains non-english or normal characters, then first create an empty folder wherever you want (for example: C:\NewFolder). Then, right click on your "C:\Users\USERNAME\Documents" folder, select "properties", and change its location to the new folder that you just created. The computer will then ask if you want to move all the files, say yes. After that, try running the game and it should work. Update: Now that a patch was released and a new Social Club, I can play just fine with everything back to normal.
game-hours: 32.2
review: Amazing so far. Great sequel to the series and finally on PC. Running on a GTX 760 at 1440p. 4k looks nice, but FPS drops to below 30. Buttery smooth @ 1440p. Radio is very entertaining. The map has definitely changed alot since San Andreas, but there are still some areas that are very close and reminicent of the older game. Cars handle alot better than GTA IV. Switching between characters isn't as bad as I thought it would be. I'm also a big fan of how the map is not locked down from the beginning such as all the other GTA games. First thing I did after the prologue was boost a car, drive to the airport and grabbed the first plane I found and cruised around the map (dat turbulence). Love this game so far. Only played online for a few minutes and hit rank 3. Lots of potential and really looking forward to continuing this game. 10/10.
game-hours: 29.9
review: Amazing and addictive game of all time. Better clean up your jobs before even thinking of playing this, because, once you're on it, you will be playing this till your  hurts.
game-hours: 9.6
review: The wait was totally worth it. I found my definition of the word "perfect" in this game.
game-hours: 40.5
review: BEST GAME EVER!
game-hours: 74.5
review: rockstar made me hype for this game three times they made me hype for the last gen launch and in the end it was ing awesome they made me hype for the current gen launch and in the end it was ing awesome and now they made me hype for the pc launch and yes it's ing awesome
game-hours: 24.5
review: Behold GTA V on PC. All hail GabeN. All hail the PC Master Race. Jokes aside, plays at a beastly 60 fps on 4k resolution with 2 overclocked GTX 980s so I'm glad that it is optimised well for how nice the game looks. (Just turn off AA, at that resolution you don't need it at all :3). As for online capabilities, much better than the torm that was launch on the PeasantStation 3 and Xbox #360noscope since you can actually play GTA Online without disconnecting 24/7 (All hail PC Master Race). *Good on Rockstar for not pulling another GTA IV on PC
game-hours: 83.9
review: This game is the best game I've EVER played in my whole life, in the day lunch I was like a kid in christmas eve, GTA V Is love, GTA V is life.
game-hours: 36.4
review: 20/10 why gta 5 is the best 1 The graphics 2 The map 3 Multiplayer 4 Invest money in storymode 5 do activites :D
game-hours: 36.4
review: 20/10 why gta 5 is the best 1 The graphics 2 The map 3 Multiplayer 4 Invest money in storymode 5 do activites :D
game-hours: 59.7
review: >Go about my day, hype for GTAV >Setup countdown for hypness >Clock strikes 7:00, nothing happens >Restarts Steam >Download Begins >Hypeness intensified >Download begins to stutter >Finishes an hour later >Hypeness begins >Already linked my key to my SC Account >Load Up GTA:V >Have to insert Social Club Account again >Enter Username instead of email >Signs into old Yahoo account instead of Gmail >Click Launch >CD Key in use > is this  >Logout, log back in >Steam Account is linked to another account >Attempt to unlink accounts >Steam Permanently linked >Google problem >Same problem in Max Payne >Make ticket with same information >Wait 6 hours, no reply >Message on Twitter >Reply "Will be reviewed Shortly" aftet second attempt, twenty minutes after >Sixteen hours later, already went to sleep >No reply >Call Customer Service, "The s going on?" >I setup the ticket with the proper account >Hangs up >Six hours later >Nothing done, call back >Didn't get the information to verify you >Gives information provided from first ticket; told it's a simple fix >Waits another nine hours >Calls back furious "Outrageous to wait 24 hours for a simple fix" >Guy starts stuttering, looks for way out >Says hold on >Few seconds later, he regained composure >Will contact someone who can >Problem still not fixed 18/10 would Rockstar Customer Support again >Contact Customer Support one more time >Get intelligent person >Does everything within five minutes >Playing the game and watching Semi Trucks become battering rams against every car Despite my own  up, game is worth it. Runs like a charm.
game-hours: 43.8
review: Ran over civies in a truck in first-person while listening to Backstreet Boys on the radio. 11/10 would want it that way
game-hours: 18.0
review: I never owned a console to play GTAV when it first came out. So far this game has been awesome. There is nothing i dont like about it. I foresee me playing this game alot. Its too dang fun.
game-hours: 5.0
review: it's fine
game-hours: 11.3
review: Awesome game!
game-hours: 53.4
review: Killed a dog with a cat watching 10/10
game-hours: 70.1
review: If you have your graphics driver updated to the latest version (no serioulsy nvidia has actually released a driver update specifically for GTA just before it was released) and the settings at a level your computer can handle then you're in for a fun ride of stealing stuff, injecting marijuanas and really messed up stuff. NOT for prude or squeamish people at all. PC version is optomised really well which is really rare for a huge game of this caliber and it even includes settings for future graphics cards and I get a smooth 60fps at all times. That's until you start playing GTA online, then you start getting conectivity issues and joining your friends or trying to make a private session is a nightmare. But you're still likely to have an great/10 time with the online mode just dont be a complete  to the other players and they wont start beating your  down for being said . That's untill you get to the online heists, then you'll start praying for patches to save you from the crashes and the bugs that can never let you win a mission sometimes and the automatic mission failures for the game disconnecting another team member and the freezing of the screen thats sometimes fixed by pressing alt+enter twice but not really and the prison heist thats an absolute long boring drawl that builts itself up as a squeaking mission but is just rambo guns blazing at the end without telling you and leaving one of your teammates with a  pistol in the middle of a high security prison and the even worse connectivity issues and the issues where enemies can spontaniously go invisible and Jesus Christ I just wanted to have fun. Fun is dead ;~;
game-hours: 62.8
review: this is better than some league of legends or cs go ! Must buy this game. multiplayer is the best ! 10/10 btw got this game because i selled cs go knife :p
game-hours: 52.2
review: 9/11 You get to shoot black people
game-hours: 25.8
review: Es GTAV, but on PC. 10/10 would wait again
game-hours: 63.0
review: Awesome game!!! A MUST BUY!!
game-hours: 36.2
review: This game looks amazing, it feels amazing,it has just so many pros. I played GTA 5 on the Xbox 360, then i transfered to PC (Because PC is life) and when i saw GTA was coming out for PC i didnt actually intend on buying it. BUT then they did the smartest thing ever by implementing character transfer. They made a troal of 400$ from me and my frined because we all bought it twice lol. Good job rockstar ;)
game-hours: 24.1
review: After waiting for 2 years, I finally don't have to go outside anymore.
game-hours: 69.3
review: Bye, bye social life
game-hours: 16.5
review: Make a ing steam workshop.
game-hours: 34.4
review: I have played the game on both PS3 and PS4 and so far Steam experience is the most adorable. Game runs extremely smooth on my rig and the visuals are totally worth the delays game had during the development journey. If you are a fan of the serie or haven't heard of Grand Theft Auto ever, this is game you should buy if you are capable of running it. One of the best Steam releases during 2015.
game-hours: 20.1
review: Easily the best version of Grand Theft Auto that has ever been made yet! PC Master race!!!
game-hours: 24.4
review: I don't think anyone needs any introduction to this game so i will just comment on the port. The game runs perfectly at 60+ fps with all high settings with my Gtx 970 Sli. the new feature of having your own custom radio station that plays your music is a really great feature, just put your music files or shortcuts (both work) in the User Music folder found usually at C:\Users\Your username\Documents\Rockstar Games\GTA V\User Music. after putting the files just perform a quick scan in the in-game audio options and you are ready. my only gripe with this game is that it will be tied to your Social Club account and in case you lose the account then you won't be able to play the game anymore.
game-hours: 64.9
review: The best game i see on my life rockstar i love you <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 =D
game-hours: 50.2
review: (((( (V) )))) Don't mind me I'm just freaking high (((( (V) ))))
game-hours: 24.0
review: THIS SUCKS! Please tell me WHY I have to log in to several sites just to play a game? Please tell me WHY I my CD key wont work after Rockstar accepted it as being ok? WHY doesn't Rockstar have a 24 hour phone line? I should have known better than to buy ANYTHING from Rockstar. NEVER AGAIN! It has taken me 1.5 hours to get to this point and I still haven't been able to find a simple "PLAY" button! I paid 60 bucks for a game - where is the play button? I want to play the game! Not join a damn club. I dont care about selfies and stupid clubs. I want to play the game. F U Rockstar!
game-hours: 112.7
review: 11/10 Best a simulator
game-hours: 95.3
review: The BEST part of the Grand Theft Auto Series so far. Well done, R*!
game-hours: 30.6
review: One of the best game you can every buy! If EA gets there hands on it then it is the end of the world! Im so gona miss roman asking to go bowling... He was my only friend.... (othen than the street light that kept falling on my head, and not to mention the swing in the parks.) 10 out of 10 would go bowling again!
game-hours: 23.8
review: First impressions of GTAV are very positive for me personally. I played the game for about 300 hours on PS3 so I went in knowing what to expect for the most part but I was nervous of Rockstars past reputation of PC ports. Needless to say this one feels very well done, there are still places where you notice controller priority most noteably the menus,UI, and aerial controls but most of this can either be learned realitively quickly or altered in key customization. Overall the game runs extremely smoothly, I have a higher end PC so it's hard for me to grasp optimization issues but I will say I can run on max settings with a 3 gig GTX 780 and a i5 4670k. There has been the odd burp or glitch while playing with friends which did become an issue through some missions, one time a friend wouldn't load in another time a friend crashed but it's hard to say what targetted this and if it is a common issue. I can say for myself I have not once crashed or had any sort of game breaking bug. Overall my experience has been extremely positive, online works great, single player is fun, quite simply it feels like a Rockstar game and one that is finally a decent port to PC. I highly recommend this game if you enjoy the GTA series, this is definitely the best game Rockstar has ever produced.
game-hours: 40.8
review: Really nice done graphics and details. The gameplay feels awesome. You're gonna learn fluent american dialect with all the profanity in the English. 11/10 would steal a random car form the road and break it again!
game-hours: 51.2
review: 10/10 would play all day.
game-hours: 54.6
review: Beautiful graphics, great optimization. Haven't stopped having fun. Worth the money.
game-hours: 21.2
review: Been playing GTA 5/online from the Xbox 360 to Xbone and now PC, with my GTX 970, its great with Very high settings and can transfer your character to the PC even tho you transfer from last to next gen. better controllers with the mouse and keyboard and 60 FPS without any lay, I do recommend this game. Just make sure your PC can handle it, would check on "can you run it" and make sure your drivers are up to date.
game-hours: 36.9
review: This game is absolutely gorgeous on PC. No major problems running the game besides a few minor frame drops here and there. Played on 360, and Ps4, but neither of them compare to this. It felt longer waiting for this game to come out, but now that it's finally here we can all relax and enjoy this beautiful masterpiece. There's no more to be said, time to go back to killing pedestrians and drooling over the new San Andreas. If you love the GTA series, then you need this game ASAP. 10/10
game-hours: 50.9
review: I Always hated Country Music. But after playing this game i fell in love with it. Rabel Radio FTW. 10/10 game.
game-hours: 51.3
review: ran over a biker and his friend followed me for 3 miles just to flip me off 10/10
game-hours: 67.0
review: It was worth the weight
game-hours: 16.1
review: Finally an optimized GTA for PC. The campaign itself is worth $70. Make sure to get the latest drivers from AMD/NVIDIA.
game-hours: 72.5
review: 10  10
game-hours: 30.6
review: Best Game Ever!
game-hours: 68.5
review: Just about ing amazing. Perfectly optimized. Runs great.
game-hours: 65.6
review: BEST GAME!
game-hours: 52.3
review: Best Game EVER 10/10 I Love It
game-hours: 52.5
review: .!     .
game-hours: 55.9
review: rip xbox kids =((((((((
game-hours: 55.0
review: so sick man, will play a lot
game-hours: 78.9
review: Usually games get worse with sequels. Rockstar seems to not be affected by this.
game-hours: 68.6
review: Couldn't find any bowling places :(
game-hours: 23.1
review: The best version. Thanks to beta testers with consoles.
game-hours: 60.6
review: "Sorry, your computer does not meet the minimum specifications required to run this product." Says Can You RUN It. Ran it smoothly,Played it smoothly, I did. HAH!
game-hours: 39.1
review: My rig :-GTX 780 -Intel i7 4770k -16 GB of Corsair RAM My PC isn't the best but isn't the worst either.I've tryed running the game with Nvidia Geforce recommended settings and it always gave me the error ''err_gfx_d3d_init''.We have all have waited for God knows how much time, and still when it finally launched...you can't play because apparently Rockstar Games ''didn't have enough time'' to tweak the game.I hope they will fix it soon but until then the game gets a big thumb down from me. :|
game-hours: 43.4
review: I was supposed to be studying this period. Then this came out. Jokes on you,responsibilities.
game-hours: 19.7
review: Man this awesome. I already had excepted that I had to play this game on low-medium settings on my "gaming" laptop. But this game runs smooth as f!#$ on pretty much high settings. Just once in a while, while driving it gets stuttery, because of loading I guess and probably my rigs fault. This is surely the best GTA version out there. Seems like I will have to call in sick for the next few months :D
game-hours: 38.2
review: Smooth like plane into towers 911/10 Nah, but for real, really good ing port. Runs smooth as butter.
game-hours: 30.5
review: No more delays or any stupid bs, just endless hours of picking up hookers and playing golf. GTA V is filled with things to do that will keep you entertained for well over 1000+ hours and is without a doubt worth the 39.99. As long as you like Open World, Multi and Single player, First/Third person shooter games that involves driving, flying and shooting then this is the game for you!
game-hours: 24.5
review: Bring out your inner thug ..GTA 5 for the PC was well worth the wait !!
game-hours: 15.0
review: Buy this instead of mortal kombat x. Just trust me.
game-hours: 45.4
review: yes
game-hours: 63.1
review: rip my life -- This game is: 10% Luck 20% Skill 15% Concentrated Power of Will 5% Pleasure 50% Pain and 100% Reason to Purchase the Game.
game-hours: 41.4
review: GAME OF THE YEAR!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 36.5
review: I wasn't sure if it will be a good VERSION(not port), because of the delays, and R*'s past in PC games, but hell, I got one of the PC game(By PC Game, I mean optimization) in the last 2 years! GTA V is full of Graphical options with free key rebind, but without GTA games' best element, Mods :(. The story is interesting and long(After 22hours I am still not done with it!), while some missions are boring, but the graphics, the optimization, and the voice acting are all awesome. The controls are great, but the Helicopters' are not realy, but I don't care about it. The game got lot of mini games(Tennis, Golf, Cycle reaces, running races etc), with a huge variety of cars, and car customization items, and a good amount of customizable weapons. The Online is also good, but sometimes realy unfair due to the character transfer from Consoles, and I had to fight in a TDM as a lv. 5 character against some lv. 50-60 guys, and that was unfair. Online got a bad sport system, what is not the best at this point, because I don't wanted to become one, but I realy wanted to leve the match, because it was full of, well idiots. Heists and other game modes are awesome, just like the character customization. Sadly in Single player, the amount of clothes and hair styles are low, so I hope soon we will get more from modders, if they find a way to mod the game. Pros.: -Story -Gameplay -Optimization -Characters -Lenght -Content -Voice acting -Online Cons.: -Low amount of clothes and hair styles -No mod support Final: 9.5 Love it, and you should buy it!
game-hours: 56.9
review: rip me lyf
game-hours: 52.6
review: Amazing game with a lot of different things to do.
game-hours: 12.8
review: Can't play because I can't change which Social club account is linked to my steam account
game-hours: 52.6
review: I will never see the sun ever again.
game-hours: 8.6
review: Very good game ;)
game-hours: 21.7
review: Gotta love a game that crashes all the time :/ It's one of the best games on pc atm I find, but that only when it actually runs. I'm running this on a good machine with sli and everything, but no dice. I've dropped the settings too but nothing, it will still occasionally crash. Hope theres a fix soon. Atm I cannot recommend this game.
game-hours: 37.9
review: It took my life
game-hours: 0.3
review: It's A-OK. Wasn't too happy when I found that my product key was ALREADY IN USE so I had to buy it AGAIN. Love you too, Rockstar Games.
game-hours: 47.5
review: Killed my SA:MP roleplay server on launch day. 10/10.
game-hours: 81.1
review: [?/10] Review for what ? dafuq did you expect ? just buy it. best game Series in human history.
game-hours: 67.1
review: After almost 2 years finally comes to PC. Huge open world filled with brutality and prostitution with amazing story and awesome soundtrack this is Grand Theft Auto V. Single Player is OK but best thing is ONLINE! ONLINE will give you a lot of fun especially if you play with your friends. Race, Deathmatch, Survival, Capture you can do a lot in ONLINE but for my best thing is Heists. The Heists to need communication and cooperation with your friends. Your team can die only one time so you must concentrate and have some skill. I like this style of playing. This game is also well optimized. I would recommend this game for all. 10/10* ____________________________________________________ DELAY SIMULATOR!
game-hours: 54.1
review: Still can't even play this game... I pressed 'Play' but nothing happens.
game-hours: 33.0
review: First of all, i want to thank to console peasantry for the beta test. now lets talk to the point, after a long wait, couple of delays, that turned me into sick person, finally we got this piece of art. Truly optimized for PC, almost free from bugs and huge improvement from previous GTA, No GFWL but still the SC. Nothing to add about the gameplay, you probably know what is about.
game-hours: 60.8
review: This game is a huge upragde of the console version. But it also got a few downsides. Pros: Faster Loading screen Better graphics Good standard controls Millions of hours in playtime until you get tired Heists which you can replay Races Apartments Good flying controls Almost bug free And i could do this forever.. Cons: Bad community (Shooting everyone) A little harder in heists Not really much bad stuff. Its worth the 60 euro.. Just.. buy it damnit!
game-hours: 1.1
review: NOTEBOOK USERS TAKE NOTE! GTA V does not support Enduro(AMD) or Optimus(Nvidia). This means that you won't be able to play the game with your dedicated gpus, only your integrated Intel gpu will work. If you try to launch the game with your amd or nvidia gpu i'll crash right away. Looks like R* never heard of gaming notebooks before, maybe they should've delayed it a third time... !!!Update for Nvidia users!!! Seems like the issue has been fixed for Nvidia users. AMD users are currently still unable to run it on their dedicated AMD gpu though.
game-hours: 20.0
review: Thank you rockstar for making this game not launch in many of our computers with saying that not responding or other problems we were all waiting for this game and from begining day it says not responding or even not launching thanks for that!!! never get game with pre order you will regret it
game-hours: 50.9
review: 11/10 would get stuck at launcher again
game-hours: 20.2
review: I miss Roman.
game-hours: 89.8
review: Runs, looks and plays like a dream
game-hours: 49.9
review: There is no roman here 11/10
game-hours: 54.3
review: The best pre-order decision i ever made !
game-hours: 9.9
review: This is a huge upgrade from the console version. The graphics are sharper and the 60 FPS makes it so much smoother to play.
game-hours: 8.7
review: is it optimized? yes does it run at 60fps? yes does mouse and keyboard work well with it? yes does it look good? yes Does it look better then console version? yes i played it on xbox one earlier today and i notice the difference in some areas moreso then others does it look 10x better then console does it look better overall indeed it does. did rockstar have enough servers to make gta 5 playable online at launch? no (kinda didnt surprise me anyways) was it worth the wait for the pc version if you already owned a xbox one or ps4 version? thats up for debate im undecided i dont write reviews often games cause i suck at writing them anyways, if you havent owned gta 5 its a must have to own especially on pc. if you dont have a very good gaming pc but already own a xbox one and or ps4 but are thinking about trying the pc version you can if you want but it wont be worth it in my opinion. benchmarks will follow specs: i5 4670k 3.4ghx oc to 4.4 ghz 16gb of corsair ddr3 1600mhz gtx 970 g1 gamining edition anyways theres the most important specs i maxxed out the game at 1080p using very high and ultra settings when possible with 8x msaa then theres the option of 4xmsaa with txaa i tried both the second option used a little less gpu ram and looked same as first option in my opinion and ran the benchmark mimumum fps was 26 max was 60 (vsync was on) and it uses 3764mb of the 4096 mb of availible video ram mind you thats everything up even in advanced settings so heres the wrap up 60fps nice its very well optimized mouse and keyboard are great and work good even for driving its a definite graphical improvement sometimes more noticeable then others but dont expect it to be mind blowing difference if you played ps4 or xbox one overall 9/10 (hype made it lose one point same with gta online not working)(which was partially expected) disclaimer i am candian and trevor doesnt represent canadians LOL! ps this is my opinion your milage with the game may vary edited:: alot of people are having widespread issues with game not working from what i heard people that have it threw steam are having no issues for the most part people who got it threw rockstar warehouse are having issues for the most part so i hope there issues get fixed and whoever buys it doesnt have those issues just a warning
game-hours: 40.6
review: i poop in mn broek zo good
game-hours: 18.0
review: Absolutely my favorite game EVER!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 36.4
review: I have been waiting for 2 years and it was really worth it. The graphics are amazing, the game is amazingly optimized for AMD and Nvidia GPUs after the Update. My favorite game, love it!
game-hours: 9.3
review: the dogs started shagging cmon
game-hours: 5.9
review: really like it but i have a few problems - the amount of time it takes to download is way to much and its a bum :\ the social club screen crashes for me alot and i almost cant play but i really enjoy it its epic, chaotic and i play it in 4K Ultra Settings and it looks A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!!! if you should buy it - yes :D buy it now - no, wait for the server loads to decrease and then wait for a sale ill rate it 9.5/10 because of the a bit anoying launch :\ enjoy the game :D
game-hours: 32.6
review: 10/10. Just perfect.
game-hours: 37.6
review: Havent had this much fun in sandbox title since i first played GTA San andreas (about 10 years ago). Looks nice, plays nice, its masterpiece. Only gripe i still cant get over is lack of San Fierro and Las Venturas, but hey, its still great game Oh and it runs waaaaaaaaaaay more smoother than GTA IV. Funny- newer game runs smoother than older one. Shows how far Rockstar's PC versions have come i guess
game-hours: 50.3
review: So as well you all know GTA has always been a good game but the Pros: Linking your steam account to the sony account Online works now Good Graphics from what I've seen so far Heists work Cons: I have to spam launch the game to get it to work it takes forever to launch sometimes it won't even launch at all it's crashes a lot as well
game-hours: 24.4
review: Wait to get it. Game controls are messy and even with my GEForce gtx 970 the game still lags graphically. Crashed twice on the repo michael's son's car mission. Let the creators fix alot of the bugs first before you get it, otherwise the game is no different than consoles
game-hours: 19.0
review: I've already played this game on console so the hours played are not correct... With that said. The game is way different from console. I mean... it is the same game. but it feels and plays much better. I max out the game and rarely get below 60 fps. if I ever do i get like 55 fps... not a big deal. So Rockstar did a great job porting the game. It seems people are having issues logging in to the social club. I never had that problem. My friend did though. His steam name had a dot at the end (name.). Once he removed that dot he was able to log in. It has something to do with the social club not working with certain symbols. The game: The story is crazy and filled with even crazier people. The longer you get through the game the more fun it becomes. I love the characters though I think rockstar did a much better job in Red Dead Redemption when it comes to personalities. The world is filled with stuff to do so you will never be bored. If you somehow get bored there's always the multiplayer. I've not tried it yet on pc... but I can say the console version had a ton of variety in community made maps and game modes. I am sure the creativity of the pc gamers will outdo what has already been done.
game-hours: 34.1
review: Best game ever! Great port!
game-hours: 38.2
review: 10
game-hours: 61.0
review: Speachless!
game-hours: 48.0
review: WOW. 10\10
game-hours: 34.8
review: After two years in development, it really was worth the wait.
game-hours: 41.9
review: Gr8 Game M8, Steam shouldnt  itself too often
game-hours: 49.6
review: No words can describe the beauty of this game, worth the wait for PC gamers. Game runs very smoothly :) First person mode looks amazing. Car controls are bit weird but you get used to it. 9.9/10
game-hours: 0.1
review: )
game-hours: 49.6
review: back in my mid 40's I had what any normal person has... a midlife crisis. I had an urge for adrenaline that I just couldn't get. I tried joining a triathlon, that didn't end well with my heart condition. I tried smoking weed for the first time but nothing really happened and my whole house smelled like pizza, I tried being extremely racist to black people in order for them to assault me but the only thing that happened was that they dismissed me as crazy and continued on with their day. One time, I remember, I even tried cocaine but to no avail. I simply wanted a rush, an experience, something that would send my heart racing (yet not overboard). I wanted adrenaline. On a fine summer evening, I walked to the grocery store to buy a pack of cigs when out of the corner of my eye I see a man in a mask with a gun. He tells us all to get down on the ground or he will shoot us and skin our family alive. So, naturally, we all got on the grown and complied with our captor. My heart was racing, I couldn't believe this was actually happening! I went for my phone to call the police but he saw me and kept me in his crosshair for a good 15 minutes while his friend cleared the register. After collecting all the money, they were making their way out when suddenly a cop turns the corner of the door and aims his pistol at one of the robbers. He yells "Freeze er!" and the robbers stopped in their tracks. The cop told the robbers to drop their weapons and they did so. The cop then yelled "Holy  he is resisting!" the criminal then started to say "but, I alread..." when the cop layed down the criminals life. The other criminal stood their shocked and frightened at his fallen comrad when the cop says "Now its your turn, bite the counter!" which, in my opinion, was an odd request. The criminal listened to the officer of the law and put his teeth around the edge of the counter. The hero & hunk of a police officer then said "Say goodnight, er!" and proceded to stomp the black mans head in. I was so amazed by what I had just witnessed all I could do was start a slow clap, everyone in the store was screaming and yelling in amazement at the officers fine work. It was the rush I needed, it was amazing and I highly reccomend the experience.
game-hours: 31.7
review: 10/10 Hoo boy, where do I begin +PC exclusive features, like Director Mode, Custom radio station etc. +A great game improved even further. Greater graphics, people density, gameplay, almost everything improved +Great humor +GREAT and fun gameplay +Beautiful graphics +It's GTA V, need I say more? -Some bugs and optimization needs to be improved/fixed -Missing features from previous games, like no crouching (WTF?)
game-hours: 34.3
review: Why buy a console now?
game-hours: 96.7
review: Great game with AMAZING optimization!!! i highly recommend this to ANYONE however there are people with some crashes other than that this is a really really good port with lots of options for you and amazing graphics! Dont buy it if you have a Craptop , Laptops cant start the game because of the intel hd intergrated stuff
game-hours: 48.2
review: My new life. 10/10
game-hours: 86.2
review: This is the best game ever made in the history of the entire planet
game-hours: 50.9
review: LOCURA KDOSAKDOPAS WTF
game-hours: 70.5
review: The only game I've bought in 3 years that was worth the money, and I have almost 400 games. Buy it. Now. Seriously.
game-hours: 35.3
review: Why i just have 1.000.000 in bank?? pre order said 1.500.000 ??
game-hours: 58.3
review: Never been so excited for a THIRD release of a game, but... OOH MY GAAWD! Just Jawdropping! And The Editor, wow, this is gonna be awesome for years to come! GTAIV here I leave you!
game-hours: 58.7
review: It's just amazing to be playing it on PC :D
game-hours: 16.2
review: Way better than the Xbone version, smoother, faster, better.
game-hours: 37.9
review: playing pizza eating gta
game-hours: 30.2
review: This game isn't really in a genre because it hits so many. So the way I am going to review this is 0-10 in multiple sections. After I will go into more detail for specific things. Graphics: 10/10. Driving Physics: 9/10 Shooting: 9.7/10 Player dialoge and realism: 10/10 Story: 10/10 Enviorment realism: 10/10 Car Customization: 8.6/10 Player Customization: 9.5/10 Car choice/amount of vehicles: 10/10 There are hundreds of other things I could rate this game on but it would take too long and their are a few more things I would like to talk about. First off, the thing that actually impressed me most about this game is the little things. For instance, I was playing as franklin and was going along the highway on a bike and noticed this fluttering around his sholders. At first I thought its was bad refresh rate, but then I realised its his shirt fluttering in the wind. Holy **** that's awesome that they included stuff like that. The list goes on about little things, but their are a few cons. The only cons I could really find is crashing issues. Now this is different person to person. It's not my system either because I have a very powerful computer. It's just launch bugs which every game has. It almost makes me giddy thinking about all the bugs their gonna be fixing in the next couple months. Other than that this game is a must for any game enthusiest. Thats my 2 cents. Hope this helped.
game-hours: 34.8
review: After two years in development, it really was worth the wait.
game-hours: 41.9
review: Gr8 Game M8, Steam shouldnt  itself too often
game-hours: 34.1
review: Best game ever! Great port!
game-hours: 34.3
review: Why buy a console now?
game-hours: 89.8
review: Runs, looks and plays like a dream
game-hours: 54.3
review: The best pre-order decision i ever made !
game-hours: 49.9
review: There is no roman here 11/10
game-hours: 32.6
review: 10/10. Just perfect.
game-hours: 50.9
review: 11/10 would get stuck at launcher again
game-hours: 37.6
review: Havent had this much fun in sandbox title since i first played GTA San andreas (about 10 years ago). Looks nice, plays nice, its masterpiece. Only gripe i still cant get over is lack of San Fierro and Las Venturas, but hey, its still great game Oh and it runs waaaaaaaaaaay more smoother than GTA IV. Funny- newer game runs smoother than older one. Shows how far Rockstar's PC versions have come i guess
game-hours: 48.0
review: WOW. 10\10
game-hours: 9.3
review: the dogs started shagging cmon
game-hours: 18.0
review: Absolutely my favorite game EVER!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 36.4
review: I have been waiting for 2 years and it was really worth it. The graphics are amazing, the game is amazingly optimized for AMD and Nvidia GPUs after the Update. My favorite game, love it!
game-hours: 8.7
review: is it optimized? yes does it run at 60fps? yes does mouse and keyboard work well with it? yes does it look good? yes Does it look better then console version? yes i played it on xbox one earlier today and i notice the difference in some areas moreso then others does it look 10x better then console does it look better overall indeed it does. did rockstar have enough servers to make gta 5 playable online at launch? no (kinda didnt surprise me anyways) was it worth the wait for the pc version if you already owned a xbox one or ps4 version? thats up for debate im undecided i dont write reviews often games cause i suck at writing them anyways, if you havent owned gta 5 its a must have to own especially on pc. if you dont have a very good gaming pc but already own a xbox one and or ps4 but are thinking about trying the pc version you can if you want but it wont be worth it in my opinion. benchmarks will follow specs: i5 4670k 3.4ghx oc to 4.4 ghz 16gb of corsair ddr3 1600mhz gtx 970 g1 gamining edition anyways theres the most important specs i maxxed out the game at 1080p using very high and ultra settings when possible with 8x msaa then theres the option of 4xmsaa with txaa i tried both the second option used a little less gpu ram and looked same as first option in my opinion and ran the benchmark mimumum fps was 26 max was 60 (vsync was on) and it uses 3764mb of the 4096 mb of availible video ram mind you thats everything up even in advanced settings so heres the wrap up 60fps nice its very well optimized mouse and keyboard are great and work good even for driving its a definite graphical improvement sometimes more noticeable then others but dont expect it to be mind blowing difference if you played ps4 or xbox one overall 9/10 (hype made it lose one point same with gta online not working)(which was partially expected) disclaimer i am candian and trevor doesnt represent canadians LOL! ps this is my opinion your milage with the game may vary edited:: alot of people are having widespread issues with game not working from what i heard people that have it threw steam are having no issues for the most part people who got it threw rockstar warehouse are having issues for the most part so i hope there issues get fixed and whoever buys it doesnt have those issues just a warning
game-hours: 5.9
review: really like it but i have a few problems - the amount of time it takes to download is way to much and its a bum :\ the social club screen crashes for me alot and i almost cant play but i really enjoy it its epic, chaotic and i play it in 4K Ultra Settings and it looks A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!!! if you should buy it - yes :D buy it now - no, wait for the server loads to decrease and then wait for a sale ill rate it 9.5/10 because of the a bit anoying launch :\ enjoy the game :D
game-hours: 40.6
review: i poop in mn broek zo good
game-hours: 38.2
review: Is amazing.
game-hours: 58.0
review: I didn't like Chicago anyways.
game-hours: 32.1
review: From the second I stepped onto the streets of Los Santos, counting every pebble in the pavement, to the second a feral dog ran up and slammed my head into said pavement, watching as blood spilt out of my now fractured skull, I knew it was a match made in heaven. Make sure to listen to the hit of 2015: UNO DOS TRES CUATRO BEEPBEEPBEEPBEEPBEEPBEEPBEEP
game-hours: 30.2
review: This game isn't really in a genre because it hits so many. So the way I am going to review this is 0-10 in multiple sections. After I will go into more detail for specific things. Graphics: 10/10. Driving Physics: 9/10 Shooting: 9.7/10 Player dialoge and realism: 10/10 Story: 10/10 Enviorment realism: 10/10 Car Customization: 8.6/10 Player Customization: 9.5/10 Car choice/amount of vehicles: 10/10 There are hundreds of other things I could rate this game on but it would take too long and their are a few more things I would like to talk about. First off, the thing that actually impressed me most about this game is the little things. For instance, I was playing as franklin and was going along the highway on a bike and noticed this fluttering around his sholders. At first I thought its was bad refresh rate, but then I realised its his shirt fluttering in the wind. Holy **** that's awesome that they included stuff like that. The list goes on about little things, but their are a few cons. The only cons I could really find is crashing issues. Now this is different person to person. It's not my system either because I have a very powerful computer. It's just launch bugs which every game has. It almost makes me giddy thinking about all the bugs their gonna be fixing in the next couple months. Other than that this game is a must for any game enthusiest. Thats my 2 cents. Hope this helped.
game-hours: 31.4
review: It's the strangest thing, I've explored the area from top to bottom, but I can't seem to find San Fierro or Las Venturas... ...Not only that, but the gangs that I genocided about 20 years ago, the Vagos and the Ballas, have some how come back... Other than that, great experience, preloaded 60 gb in about 5 hours, took 1 hour to download the 210mb decrypter and another 2 hours and 60 gb to unpack the game. Would preload again.
game-hours: 36.7
review: This game is insanly fun to play, Especially the online!
game-hours: 39.8
review: totally worth the wait, this game is amazing but still some bugs here and there but it's real fun. AND GLORIOUS 60 FPS
game-hours: 43.3
review: got 60% on science test q:^)
game-hours: 53.0
review: 10/10 would buy again
game-hours: 59.1
review: WOW, JUST WOW. In just a day I have gotten around 12 hours in game, Ive started online and I am up to the planning for the first heist. What Ive noticed: Positive: - Very good optimisation ( a dev that isnt so mean to AMD users for once <3 ) - The anti-aliasing is just beautiful - I have noticed that things at a distance get blurred/fogged; this makes it look so rich, so instead of seeing rough textures, it gets softened off ( In a differant way to anti-aliasing, i think. ) Bad: - After pre-loading I had to do a 220mb download, however it took 45 minutes to actually install and decrypt the file - During my livestream, I had a glitch where in climbed over a ledge during an early mission, only to find myself catapulted 400m into the air, then fail the mission from dying - The steering sensitivity on a keyboard doesnt seem to have the ability to be adjusted - During the day when I wanted to play online, the servers didnt seem to be up and the game kept displaying the message - Cannot connect to the social club servers - Was flying a heli that took me around an hour to find, then during my livestream my brother comes up and presses 'F' on my keyboard :( Thank you for reading, So far I am very impressed. I am very confident I will get my moneys worth out of this game. I may do an update on this review tomorrow after I have played another 12 hours ;) BTW, I have been playing on a pretty stable 50fps on max settings 1080p :D Specs: AMD FX 8350 4GHz 8 Core CPU ( Water Cooled) ) Gigabyte 970a-d3p Radeon R9 270x Direct CU ll Top ( 2GB GDDR5 ) 1TB SATA3 hardrive (6 GB's per second) 8GB Kingston ddr3 1600MHz (2x4gb) 7.1 Audio ( Built into mobo ) Windows 7 Home Premium 64bit
game-hours: 35.0
review: I went into slow mo as a fat dude belly slided across my car windscreen. 11/10 also fo realz i hadz no launch issuez 60+ fps on near ultra settingz yo. no crashez or any shiz like that.
game-hours: 145.1
review: stop wasting your time reading reviews. the answer you came here for is yes.
game-hours: 35.3
review: Apart from waiting an hour for steam to find the encrypted files and move them. And the game crashing 4 times in an hour. And my Entity XF and my Sultan RS (2.5 Million) disapear to never be seen again. And half of my friends unable to go online. And waiting 5 minutes to get into an online session and see everyone in the server get kicked. And trying to fly anything is a death wish because the controls are sh*t. And the 1st person FOV is so small it gives you motion sickness. Apart from that the game is great! Seriously though, the game is x1000 times better than the XBOX 360 copy, and being able to transfer my character from XBOX 360 is amazing. GTA V is probably the biggest PC release for a while and the fact that the servers didn't go down is an achievement far greater the any console could achieve (im not biased to PC, I play on XBOX and PS as well). The graphics and outstanding and my cheap PC can run the game and a stable 59.999 fps shows how hard they worked on this game, I run ArmA III on 30 fps on medium-high and have regular frame drops. The heists so far have been great and i've only experienced a few very comical glitches, the pay is great and really helps to fund your online murdering needs. The story mode is not different from console but the glitches are gone and my only problem is you can't be in 1st person while with a hooker, oh and 4K t*ts.
game-hours: 70.1
review: I was driving through Blaine County on a dirtbike when an Elk suddenly ran across the road. I collided with it at high speed killing both the Elk and I. This Game is good. F*ck Elks.
game-hours: 9.8
review: AMAZING PC Port !! Runs butter smooth @ 1920x1080 on my GTX 970 with almost all the bells and whistles turned on (and it does offer a huge variety of video options). The graphical fidelity is outstanding -esp. for an open world game. I am very happy they didnt dumb it down unlike so many other contemporary PC ports. Beware of the ~ 60 GB download / hard disc space requirement though. The game also seems to be using up almost all of my 4096 MB Video memory. So if you have a mid range pc, I suggest disabling Anti Aliasing and turning the texture quality sliders down a notch to ensure smooth gameplay. I'm not even gonna waste time reviewing the actual gameplay/storyline as this game has been out on consoles for almost 2 years now. But for us PC players it was certainly worth the wait. brb overclocking my GPU so i can crank up the MSAA even more ... #JustMasterRaceThings
game-hours: 74.0
review: Great characters motherf***er, great storytelling motherf***er and great story motherf***er =) It's 10 on 10 motherf***er
game-hours: 32.5
review: GTX 980 i7-4790k 16GB RAM 1600 ASRock Z97M Pro4 Runs great at 60-70FPS so far. GTA V is optimised great, a lot better than most new games that are released today.
game-hours: 36.4
review: Finally! THE PC VERSION IS FINALLY OUT, and IT'S AWESOME! Go guys, get this game, cuz this game is the game that every single PC player should play! For me it's the best game I played at last 3 - 5 years. Thanks ROCKSTAR GAMES Studio for this MASTERPIECE! YOU ROCK!
game-hours: 25.1
review: I've already completed the story and reached level 67 (Online) on Xbox360. What I can tell you now is that the PC is a definate improvement. I'll be updating this review as I see fit but for now here are some reasons you should/shouldn't buy the game: Pros: - Excellent Optimisation. Don't listen to the other guys with "Low FPS" and crashing. - Looks amazing. Like, best graphics i've seen. For real. - Cool story - Fun gameplay - Endless playability - GTA Online is the center of some of my best gaming memories. - Custom radio stations omg - You can plug Xbox wired controllers (Or wireless if you have an adapter) in on the fly. No restarts, no settings, it just happens. Perfect for getting in a car, pushing the USB in and not getting a scratch because you can actually drive the bloody thing. - First Person is pretty cool Cons: - This game is huge. 59.1GB to download. If you can't handle it, don't do it. - Some of the online players are s to say the least - DLC is pretty hefty - Terrible driving without a controller (But what did you expect) - First person, while it is cool, gets old. Don't spend money on the PC version just for the first person feature. Especially if you own it on PS3 or Xbox360 already. You will be dissapointed. - I'll admit, the launch wasn't fantastic.
game-hours: 83.0
review: Amazing game! Decent port, although could use a lot of work on optimizing lower end graphics cards. There have been a couple bugs with online, but not gamebreaking. Definitely recommend, especially if you have some friends to play with!
game-hours: 145.3
review: stop wasting your time reading reviews. the answer you came here for is yes.
game-hours: 35.0
review: I went into slow mo as a fat dude belly slided across my car windscreen. 11/10 also fo realz i hadz no launch issuez 60+ fps on near ultra settingz yo. no crashez or any shiz like that.
game-hours: 36.7
review: This game is insanly fun to play, Especially the online!
game-hours: 35.3
review: Apart from waiting an hour for steam to find the encrypted files and move them. And the game crashing 4 times in an hour. And my Entity XF and my Sultan RS (2.5 Million) disapear to never be seen again. And half of my friends unable to go online. And waiting 5 minutes to get into an online session and see everyone in the server get kicked. And trying to fly anything is a death wish because the controls are sh*t. And the 1st person FOV is so small it gives you motion sickness. Apart from that the game is great! Seriously though, the game is x1000 times better than the XBOX 360 copy, and being able to transfer my character from XBOX 360 is amazing. GTA V is probably the biggest PC release for a while and the fact that the servers didn't go down is an achievement far greater the any console could achieve (im not biased to PC, I play on XBOX and PS as well). The graphics and outstanding and my cheap PC can run the game and a stable 59.999 fps shows how hard they worked on this game, I run ArmA III on 30 fps on medium-high and have regular frame drops. The heists so far have been great and i've only experienced a few very comical glitches, the pay is great and really helps to fund your online murdering needs. The story mode is not different from console but the glitches are gone and my only problem is you can't be in 1st person while with a hooker, oh and 4K t*ts.
game-hours: 43.3
review: got 60% on science test q:^)
game-hours: 53.0
review: 10/10 would buy again
game-hours: 31.4
review: It's the strangest thing, I've explored the area from top to bottom, but I can't seem to find San Fierro or Las Venturas... ...Not only that, but the gangs that I genocided about 20 years ago, the Vagos and the Ballas, have some how come back... Other than that, great experience, preloaded 60 gb in about 5 hours, took 1 hour to download the 210mb decrypter and another 2 hours and 60 gb to unpack the game. Would preload again.
game-hours: 39.8
review: totally worth the wait, this game is amazing but still some bugs here and there but it's real fun. AND GLORIOUS 60 FPS
game-hours: 32.1
review: From the second I stepped onto the streets of Los Santos, counting every pebble in the pavement, to the second a feral dog ran up and slammed my head into said pavement, watching as blood spilt out of my now fractured skull, I knew it was a match made in heaven. Make sure to listen to the hit of 2015: UNO DOS TRES CUATRO BEEPBEEPBEEPBEEPBEEPBEEPBEEP
game-hours: 58.0
review: I didn't like Chicago anyways.
game-hours: 37.9
review: playing pizza eating gta
game-hours: 44.0
review: It's about  time Rockstar!?!?!
game-hours: 68.7
review: Best Game Ever 2015
game-hours: 19.3
review: Grand theft Auto's next installment of the series, or atleast the port for it, is superb. I was one of the people who could not for the life of me wait for this game, yet would be unsure if it would be a good port. After playing 6 hours straight i have to say, even after beating the game twice, it feels like a whole new game. This is the Ultimate version, I highly reccomend it, it runs great and looks amazing. 10/10 would wait again (pls no dont let me wait) PS: Totally worth the having all the DLC's at launch, we aint gotta wait for hiest #PC masterace
game-hours: 46.8
review: This game is what i wanted it to be. The single player is long enough for it to be enjoyable, and the online mode seems to be really good. The heists mode is like an improvement for Payday 2 where there are a couple of bugs not alot though. You should get this game :)
game-hours: 64.3
review: lel
game-hours: 30.9
review: GTA in first person is the most immersive experience i have ever had. I even, stopped a couple of times noticing how real this really seemed. The single player is the samme but hey it was amazing the first time around, and im ready to go at it again. Online felt a bit weird at first, public server to me are really boring, get missions with people driving everywhere like , jumping out of the car, shooting at nothing, not giving a f*** about objectives. So that really cut my immersion and made me think about this online thing but then again found somme good buddies and i play with them for real fun coop heists and stuff. I dont have to tell you how beautiful this game is, i run it at a steady 60 fps with max settings, it runs smooth as ever. NO bugs no crash no nothing simply perfection. Best pre-released purchase i've ever got.
game-hours: 56.5
review: Grabbed a strippers breasticles too much, got thrown out of strip joint head first and beat a bouncer to death... Would honk her hooters again 11/10
game-hours: 56.8
review: Maybe pre-ordering a triple A game isnt so bad after all I haven't tested the story out too much (Just unlocked Michael), but me and my 2 friends spent about 16 hours on release day on GTA Online. let me rephrase that. 16/24=0.66. We spent 2/3 of the day playing this game with small breaks. So ing fun. I play on minimum settings because my Card is old (radeon 7850) but the game looks gorgeous and runs 60fps consistently still.
game-hours: 43.0
review: The sexiest game released on 2015!
game-hours: 54.2
review: 10/10 - beautiful graphics and impressive optimization.
game-hours: 40.4
review: oh baby GTA V, woopdy da doop I`m going to shoot a coop. GG, MLG. Kryzih out
game-hours: 17.6
review: GTAV is a fantastic game on PC, really well optimized, but, does have its issues(which I've listen below) which I hope Rockstar will fix in the future. Issues: Texture/Model Pop-in (There is a workaround by setting the GTAV.exe process in task manager to High Priority) Shadow draw distance issues (only renders high quality shadows at a very low distance.) Some stuttering issues (Workaround as well, at least for Nvidia[dont know about AMD] by setting the max pre-rendered frames to 1 in the Nvidia Control Panel or Nvidia Inspector) Timing out from GTA Online session when Alt-Tabbed or have the Steam Overlay up. Other than the stated issues above, GTAV its amazingly well done, highly recommend! Specs: i5 2500k @ 3.7ghz EVGA GTX 680 2GB 32GB DDR3 RAM
game-hours: 49.1
review: I recommend this game to anyone who loves action and adventures and if your PC is not the best its okay because this game is amazingly optimized for any new gamer out their hope you enjoy this game.
game-hours: 51.3
review: Grand Theft Auto V on PC! A game that was actually worth waiting for because look at the awesome graphics and the smoothness, just amazing! There's so much I have to say about this game. This game has just the perfect story line, setting, location, gameplay, multiplayer, graphics, audio and combat! Grand Theft Auto V has a lot of effort inputted to this and Rockstar has done an amazing job! They've progressed their outstanding techniques, ideas and graphical features from the consoles over here to the PC. Along with that, it's amazing how even with such amazing graphics, you can still run it with a medium end PC! Multiplayer has also played a major role on this game for PC, and it seems as if it improved from the consoles. Less and less bugs have occured for the PC version of GTA V multiplayer and I'm very happy that Rockstar has also looked into the bugs, props up Rockstar! I really have no complaints for the game, because this game is far too amazing for myself and I continue to enjoy playing this game almost everyday. I must give this game a rating of 10/10! Here's my rating rubric listed below: Graphics: 10/10 Gameplay: 10/10 Environment: 10/10 Combat (if any): 10/10 Story: 10/10 Mutliplayer (if any): 10/10 Audio: 10/10 Trailer: 10/10 If you are going to play this game (or going to buy it), I hope you have a very fun time just as I did :)
game-hours: 108.1
review: 1/10 Low Quality Tattoos.
game-hours: 75.4
review: San Andreas with mods - IGN 11/10
game-hours: 33.8
review: lol
game-hours: 51.6
review: This, game is amazing, even if you played the console version(s) i recomend you pickup the PC version. I have had no bugs and its great. 10/10 - Must Buy
game-hours: 32.9
review: Best Grand Theft Auto Ever!! HolyShit. Worth Your Money. XD
game-hours: 27.8
review: It's amazing It's amazing It's amazing Buy it. Now.
game-hours: 109.1
review: Just... Awesome. It's a must-have to play it, even playing the Online version. Visuals are so realistic, I can't believe what it'll be with a mod that enhances it even farther. I would recommend ALL my friends to buy and play this game, it is worth it. This'll be the next Skyrim if mods ever come out, I can't wait for those mods. Best game I've ever played in a really long time. The Storyline of GTA V is awesome and hilarious at the same time. GTA Online is even better when you play with your friends, the downside of this is some players that are in the session, may just come and murder you for no reason. I was able to defend myself back so many times. But due to me just killing random Civilians and hunting down bounties, my Mental State, in statistics, considers me as a psychopath. But I think GTA Online is a better experience, unless it comes down making an archenemy. GTA Online is great when you rank up through missions and heists and people won't be able to mess with you if you're ranked high enough. The game is inexplainable in general. In GTA Online, I just blow stuff up, 360 no-scope Players that tries to kill me, and make Los Santos my World. 11/10.
game-hours: 82.7
review: The GTA is real ! All hail R* !
game-hours: 76.6
review: Passed 5 hours and i still had 66 hours on record Helluva game
game-hours: 54.8
review: Game is just incredible! Story of the game is fantastic. You can SPEND money in proper ways. Car tuning is just amazing. Also I'm impressed with customizable weapons. after compliting story there's more missions to continue playing without getting bored. I recommend everyone, who doesn't own this game. YOU SHOULD BUY THIS GOREOUS GAME!!!
game-hours: 38.6
review: It has some problems but it is nice. Some weeks later the problems are solved. 8/10.
game-hours: 35.8
review: Yes
game-hours: 48.0
review: Worth waiting Worth Price Score : 420 / 10 - IGN
game-hours: 29.9
review: you can steal bikes as a black dude 5/5 recommended
game-hours: 127.0
review: It's finally here! The game that everyone is waiting for! P.S. Rockstar Fix your god damn servers!
game-hours: 39.2
review: I was w8ing 4 dis 2 long . and now its here 12/10
game-hours: 109.1
review: Just... Awesome. It's a must-have to play it, even playing the Online version. Visuals are so realistic, I can't believe what it'll be with a mod that enhances it even farther. I would recommend ALL my friends to buy and play this game, it is worth it. This'll be the next Skyrim if mods ever come out, I can't wait for those mods. Best game I've ever played in a really long time. The Storyline of GTA V is awesome and hilarious at the same time. GTA Online is even better when you play with your friends, the downside of this is some players that are in the session, may just come and murder you for no reason. I was able to defend myself back so many times. But due to me just killing random Civilians and hunting down bounties, my Mental State, in statistics, considers me as a psychopath. But I think GTA Online is a better experience, unless it comes down making an archenemy. GTA Online is great when you rank up through missions and heists and people won't be able to mess with you if you're ranked high enough. The game is inexplainable in general. In GTA Online, I just blow stuff up, 360 no-scope Players that tries to kill me, and make Los Santos my World. 11/10.
game-hours: 51.6
review: This, game is amazing, even if you played the console version(s) i recomend you pickup the PC version. I have had no bugs and its great. 10/10 - Must Buy
game-hours: 34.0
review: lol
game-hours: 35.8
review: Yes
game-hours: 76.6
review: Passed 5 hours and i still had 66 hours on record Helluva game
game-hours: 56.8
review: GTA Five is a game in which you can do things that mimic real life. For instance you can play Tennis, or ride a bike, or drive a car. The game heavily encourages players to partake in a number of criminal activities, such as gang turf wars and robbing convenience stores. However I have found it personally rewarding making my money legally, like winning car and parachute races! No matter what kind of lifestyle you choose, GTA Five has got you covered. 10/10 Avoid this game at all costs if you don't like wonderful things.
game-hours: 48.0
review: Worth waiting Worth Price Score : 420 / 10 - IGN
game-hours: 32.9
review: Best Grand Theft Auto Ever!! HolyShit. Worth Your Money. XD
game-hours: 29.9
review: you can steal bikes as a black dude 5/5 recommended
game-hours: 29.9
review: you can steal bikes as a black dude 5/5 recommended
game-hours: 44.6
review: Works great, the only thing that bothers me are the extremly long loading screens in GTA ONLINE. A fix would be much appreciated!
game-hours: 78.1
review: W U R F
game-hours: 33.6
review: If you bought to this get away from kids who kill you for no reason, you've come to the right place.
game-hours: 31.2
review: This game is a very solid PC port. It runs fantastically, the graphics options are lush and plentiful, and I especially like the way that you can seamlessly switch between keyboard/mouse and gamepad (you can even use both simultaneously). Gameplay wise-- it's the best GTA yet. Be it doing crazy  online with friends, to the amazing singleplayer campaign, you'll certainly put in hours upon hours of gameplay in. Definitely recommend to any/all friends.
game-hours: 20.6
review: THIS IS ALL I HAVE TO SAY: PS3 & XBOX360 Thanks for Alpha Testing. Xbox One & PS4 Thanks for Beta Testing. key: 60fps 1080p BOOBS
game-hours: 35.4
review: Smoked weed and started viewing clowns trying to kill me. Sundenlly got a minigun and shot them. 10/10, would smoke again.
game-hours: 42.6
review: Keep calm And play GTA V....... best game of the year......... love u rockstar <3
game-hours: 62.7
review: I like this game... No I mean I really ing like this game! Actually scratch that, I flippin LOVE THIS GAME! This game was my personal best game of 2013, I put hundreds of hours into the 360 version and now that its on PC I'll probably put another couple hundred and considering that at this time of writing this review the game has been out for only a week and I already have 60 hours scares me for whats to come. Do I need to tell you whats in the game and whats the game is about? pff Why would I? Its flippin GTA!! The game that made a billion dollars in a day! Who doesn't know what this game is? Honestly I would like to know 1 single person that isn't old or been living under a rock that hasn't heard of this game. Anyway getting carried away, point is: this game is a really great game and I would recommend it to anyone that enjoys fun. My only complaint is that I wish there where more interiors (hospitals, Police department, Cluckin bell, night clubs and maybe more than 1 strip club) but thats about it.
game-hours: 27.8
review: It's amazing It's amazing It's amazing Buy it. Now.
game-hours: 62.5
review: I have played the  out of this game on 360 and PS3 (last gen consoles, yes) and let me tell this is a welcome upgrade. Giving MASSIVE props to R*, they have NAILED this PC version :D running at 4K with 35-45 FPS man, like, , that's amazing! On a SINGLE 970M 3GB. LOL. Get this game people! It is worth it!
game-hours: 21.0
review: Loading Simulator 2015
game-hours: 28.5
review: Everything about my passion for the series GTA V I'm on the road somewhere in the desert, asphalt - pink at sunset on my glasses aviators, in his hand - a pistol with a silencer. Life - a complicated thing. In the distance seemed machine, and I know that this movie was going to happen, because the decision has already been taken. Then there will remain only a crime scene may lead a quiet country of radio fired at the car. For fifteen minutes of real time in GTA V has time to occur so interesting that for the whole game cutscene cheaply enough. Got into a fight with the homeless, drenched them with gasoline and set on fire, tried hijack jeep, the dead driver knocked down, the leg stuck in the radiator, the cops, kill, got into the jeep drove off, the gas tank is breached, burn, jump on the asphalt, car explode at a distance. That's all - in two minutes. Now die in traffic accidents - simple (much easier than in GTA IV Summary of the game), and the city all the time you travel with this thought. Crashed on the fly on an opposite - a way to continue in the air, without a car. But this car is almost always possible to turn left Stick - is unrealistic, yes, but not break the rhythm of the game. She eventually became harmonious, not without flaws, but for such a colossus like GTA, - a major achievement. Feeling of continuous action - one of the main objectives in the case of Rockstar GTA V. Narrative job followed without interruption, clinging to one another, which is why the player with the first seconds of narration captured and may go through the game a couple of times looking menu with incredible beauty ambient Tangerine Dream. Game included, and it is itself forward as a film about gangsters, but without the participation of our film is not spinning. *** You can speak at length about how GTA V hits record, earns a billion dollars in the first three days and finally pushes the game in general cultural background. Houser brothers (and after some time we turn on the card) if this transition is felt even before the game, and maybe here and legs grow their sermons. Interestingly another: this is an adult a game based on the boyish emotions, and therein lies its charm. This is partly why GTA can not escape the violence. And this is a very cruel game (not the first, and obviously not the last in Rockstar), childishly cruel game, psychopathic violent. And naturalness of all it looks like a psychopathic character with complaints of severe childhood - nailed to the floor with wooden toys and other fatal trouble. He did not have those memories of the "machine", well, you know, when it is such a great-looking, and it sits a plastic driver: maybe Batman can, Spider-Man, or maybe just the driver. When it was possible to take her hand and go out for an adventure: the carpet turned into an imaginary sun city, like the one from the mysterious film bellied TV. In this fantasy we play, and that fantasy alien - it is for the better. At the end of history show us allegorically statistics in a form of a psychiatrist. The conclusion from the reference, in general, the same - childhood was difficult.
game-hours: 4.8
review: thanx for console players they improved the pc version by your money 10/10
game-hours: 35.7
review: **Coming from an owner of the PS3 version of Grand Theft Auto V. - All the negative reviews are from the people who are just plainly hating. Some people can't run the game but thats the small amount of people. Rockstar has even posted how to fix certain issues for the people who cant run the game. Besides, I'm sure it shall be fixed. - This is NOT a port. It was made seperately! I, myself, dont meet the recommended req. but I can play it smooth like silk. I never go under 30fps the graphics are amazing. The game it self is amazing but the PC version is just the best. Online is much more active and more populated aswell. Buy it.
game-hours: 64.6
review: BEST GAME IN THE WORLD! I CAN PLAY IT 24/7
game-hours: 47.0
review: Noice
game-hours: 1.3
review: Been waiting for the PC version from ages and it's finally here and its runs awesome on 4k with 30+fps...
game-hours: 60.6
review: I am lost for words 10/10
game-hours: 49.6
review: Single player: Read someone elses, it's been said a million times before. Online: Works great....
game-hours: 63.9
review: best game ever a must buy
game-hours: 99.8
review: Within 4 hours I stole some cars, robbed a jewlerry store, ate till I got fat, had sex with a hooker for 100$ threw cash at a stripper asking her if she wanted to dance and screamed "Shake it baby" looked up hentai porn on my phone, smoked pot till  got too real, preceded to get drunk till I couldent feel feelings then ran around in my underwear firing guns at the local law enforcment and old ladies after hitting on them. America Simulator 10/10 -IGN "Would run over and kick various animals in the face again"
game-hours: 42.2
review: Jordan Rutherford's family  eachother daily.
game-hours: 132.4
review: Only played a couple hours, but the graphics are Rockin and the game play is Awsome!
game-hours: 51.4
review: Runs very good on gtx 660 / fx 6300 at high / very high settings Never had problem with starting the game / activating it on rockstar social club, dunno why some people seem to have problems... Anyway i r8 8/8 m8. See you in gta 8
game-hours: 37.6
review: Just pay for this  !
game-hours: 11.1
review: Pretty well optimized. Even my potato computer with a deacent graphics card taped to the side of it can run it at a steady 60 fps
game-hours: 34.2
review: aah so many lags its good but a patch should be released coz while driving a car it hangs alot though i have good specs !!! worth buying but after the patch
game-hours: 69.3
review: Overal rating: 10/10 Good: +Graphics +Optimization +Handling +Customization +GTA Online +Stuff to buy in GTA Online +Heists +Activities +Things to explore +Multiple characters +GTA Video Editor 100 % the best game ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 12.3
review: GOOD!
game-hours: 35.7
review: **Coming from an owner of the PS3 version of Grand Theft Auto V. - All the negative reviews are from the people who are just plainly hating. Some people can't run the game but thats the small amount of people. Rockstar has even posted how to fix certain issues for the people who cant run the game. Besides, I'm sure it shall be fixed. - This is NOT a port. It was made seperately! I, myself, dont meet the recommended req. but I can play it smooth like silk. I never go under 30fps the graphics are amazing. The game it self is amazing but the PC version is just the best. Online is much more active and more populated aswell. Buy it.
game-hours: 64.6
review: BEST GAME IN THE WORLD! I CAN PLAY IT 24/7
game-hours: 60.6
review: I am lost for words 10/10
game-hours: 47.0
review: Noice
game-hours: 1.3
review: Been waiting for the PC version from ages and it's finally here and its runs awesome on 4k with 30+fps...
game-hours: 99.8
review: Within 4 hours I stole some cars, robbed a jewlerry store, ate till I got fat, had sex with a hooker for 100$ threw cash at a stripper asking her if she wanted to dance and screamed "Shake it baby" looked up hentai porn on my phone, smoked pot till  got too real, preceded to get drunk till I couldent feel feelings then ran around in my underwear firing guns at the local law enforcment and old ladies after hitting on them. America Simulator 10/10 -IGN "Would run over and kick various animals in the face again"
game-hours: 42.2
review: Jordan Rutherford's family  eachother daily.
game-hours: 132.4
review: Only played a couple hours, but the graphics are Rockin and the game play is Awsome!
game-hours: 31.3
review: awesome game good graphics i'd love to play this game more :D
game-hours: 33.0
review: So Good 9/10
game-hours: 42.1
review: Played few hours, no calls from Roman.... 10/10
game-hours: 74.9
review: "like skyrim with guns"
game-hours: 27.6
review: "Oh a don't hate me cuz I'm beautiful a, maybe if you got rid of that old yee-hee  haircut you got you'd get some es on yo . Oh better yet maybe taneesha would call your dog  if she ever stop ing with that brain surgeon or lawyer she be ing with....NIIIGGAAHHH" - "WHAT?" 13/10.
game-hours: 43.1
review: Glorious PC master race. Port is amazing and game was worth a 2 years of wait.
game-hours: 49.6
review: Single player: Read someone elses, it's been said a million times before. Online: Works great....
game-hours: 63.9
review: best game ever a must buy
game-hours: 35.8
review: We all know how great GTAV is. The little details Rockstar added really make this game for me. Also my PC was slightly better then the min specs(My graphics card being the min spec, gtx660) and with a little messing around im basically running it on max, i droped shadow quality to normal and it works fine for me. There are a few frame drops evry now and then, but over all it works fine. Great game and it looks beautiful. 10/10 would bang.
game-hours: 61.8
review: Have been waiting for over a year to get this game on PC, ffs Rockstar you let your pc fans down with that move! D: But the game i got after that painful year of waiting is worth every cent of 60 euro pre-purchase!!! I CAN'T STOP PLAYING DIS GAME! <3
game-hours: 34.0
review: This game is honestly amazing, the graphics and the dynamics of it are brilliant! I've seen a fair few reveiws up to now about how the game is just the same as console the versions wich it basically is but it's the fact they've managed to put these graphics onto PC, people don't understand that. So the people who are moaning about it are just beyownd stupid, you have to see the reality of it and how they've put it on PC. Great game with friends, Graphics, Brilliant. Dynamics, Brilliant. Runs as smooth as a baby's . 10/10 Game 100% woth the 40 or whatever currencey you use. 10/10 IGN
game-hours: 40.6
review: This game was really worth the wait! The graphics are insane and it runs super smoothly on my pc which isn't even the best anymore. I didn't come across any problems with installing and playing the game, therefore gj Rockstar^^
game-hours: 46.3
review: Iz k.
game-hours: 37.6
review: To describe GTA 5 (Online) in short would be; the combination of games including Payday, Need for speed, The Crew with the original GTA elements that was in the previous installments. There is a wide variety of things to do from racing to missions to death matches. Golf, Tennis ... Darts. Content updates being free makes it more desirable, although faced with some issues right now, (Server overload, disconnects). GTA 5 Online is worth a shot if you got friends, If your a loner then play single player. Get a crew going, run some heists, buy a car, mod it, race and impress dem hunnies or get the booty at the strip club and/or random chicks walking on the streets.
game-hours: 51.3
review: Been gaming for 30 years and let me say. If you ever get this masterpeice of a game on your computer make sure you get your coffee, soda, or tea before you do. This game would even make Goarge Lucas creme in his pants. This is by far one of the very best games I've ever played in the last 3 years. I'm surprised how good this game is. Rockstar really put a lot of time and work into this game and it shows with the amount of things you can do in the game. The customizations, the outfits, cloths, Aesthetic things you can do with your character and cars. The races, heists, tennis, biking, piloting, DeathMatch, teamdeath match, gang wars, player housing, player garages,  the list goes for on for n ever! Lol. This is way better and more indepth then all the Grand Theft Auto games I've ever played The online aspect is really really well done as well. It's very very rare that I ever find any good games these days because they seem like dumbed down, simplfied, kiddy game crap, but this game is a masterpeice just like Skyrim is. Is it worth what I paid? 70$ Canadian? No, no game is worth that, but it certainly is worth the normal full price of most pc AAA games that are 50 - 60$ If you ever get this game on sale you will be laughing yourself all the way to the bank because this is probably one of the best games ever released this year so far. No joke. If you don't see the beauty in this game then you must need a psychiatrist because this game will be rated highly by angryjoe and all those other reveiwers as well.
game-hours: 15.0
review: 98/100
game-hours: 24.1
review: Easy way to get a job
game-hours: 97.8
review: WHY ARE YOU READING THIS? ING BUY IT !
game-hours: 6.3
review: It's a good game. PC controls are surprisingly not . Good old hooker killing fun. 10/10
game-hours: 59.3
review: The best optimized game i've ever played. This is not a port from console version this is a whole new game. Why are you still waiting buy this  and ruin your life.
game-hours: 36.2
review: Worth the wait.
game-hours: 49.6
review: Love this game <3 optimization 11/10 just perfect! game atmosphere 11/10, general rating 11/10 more than perfect
game-hours: 24.1
review: Easy way to get a job
game-hours: 97.8
review: WHY ARE YOU READING THIS? ING BUY IT !
game-hours: 6.3
review: It's a good game. PC controls are surprisingly not . Good old hooker killing fun. 10/10
game-hours: 36.2
review: Worth the wait.
game-hours: 46.6
review: The Metacritic score basically sums it up.
game-hours: 32.1
review: Tell me a good thing that this game teaches you, i dont even feel the hero that saved the day or anything, all i can do is killing civilians and steel and crash everything, and at the end of the day i really feel stressful, i am not trying to be boring but this my experience, and there is a different between a violence game and a game that install violence in your actions and corrupted ideas. For now i am sorry , but i feel the game is so filthy and it even teach me the most wrong english of all time. HOWEVER the online playing is better i really like racing with other friends and everything work fine and smooth, the game didn't even crash once and it has everything you like, i still remember once we where trying to code another game to include all these features before GTA V came, The game is very customizable and i can't find anything that it doesn't include. YES buy it, you will like it but dont get too crazy about it, just remember that life has more valuable and your career is more beautiful than the image of this stupid crap game, it is very hard that i gave it yes but dude, i am telling you the developers didn't miss anything.
game-hours: 40.9
review: Loaded up the game onto multiplayer, loaded, loaded, loaded, loaded, found a lobby with friends, drove around with them doing all the shenanigans most players get up to on GTA, then everyone "left" the lobby. I was then disconnected and sent to single player where I got to then listen to Michael's persaonl life problems. Pause. go to GTA online, loading, loading, loading. Rince repeat. I think the game will be fun once Rockstar fixes these server issues a select number of us have to endure. but till then i wouldnt recommend the game for multiplayer.
game-hours: 31.0
review: Amazing game. Requires a high end PC to reach full graphic potential, but even with most stuff turned to Normal, or Very High it looks great. Game play is even better than on the ps3. 10/10
game-hours: 22.0
review: Amazing game as expected. Looking forward to IronMan MOD.
game-hours: 21.5
review: The wait was more than worth it. Definitely buy this game, regardless of whether you have it on potato gen or not.
game-hours: 75.3
review: I don't even know where to start, this game is a huge improvement from GTA IV. There is so much to do in this game that you can't get bored. I was playing on PS3 and PS4 before this, and I can say this is worth the wait. The hype was real before the game was released and still is even after the release. I was waiting for PC version since 2011. If you are a console gamer, there is nothing to argue, you can't beat the PC version, 60FPS Max Graphics no problem on any modern PC. 3 playable characters - Michael, Franklin and Trevor. The idea of 3 playable characters was really smart, I can't imagine GTA V without that. I do not want to say anything about the story, PLAY IT ! Everyone who is reading this - BUY THE GAME AND SUPPORT R* !!! If you ever get bored you should try Rockstar Editor as well as Director Mode, it's hard but worth the while. You can't just explain this game in words. Good job Rockstar Games ! 10/10
game-hours: 25.9
review: Mygosh, best game of 2015, and it is optimizated right from its release! Ten outta ten.
game-hours: 32.8
review: This game very very very good!
game-hours: 12.1
review: >No Steam Trading Cards WORST ING GAME EVER, 0/10 GET YOUR  TOGETHER ROCKSTARA
game-hours: 40.6
review: Not had one issue with this game and the max settings are not too demanding! you know what GTA is you don't need to be told! Yes its worth getting on pc!
game-hours: 59.3
review: Awesomely Fun Really well done port, getting 60fps at veryhigh - maxed on a GTX 760 and I5 4690 Rockstar have finally managed to make a game worthy of PC.
game-hours: 51.7
review: Huh,Grand Theft Auto V on PC. In all seriousness,I always expected this would happen,but for it to be this good? Nah. I wanted to write a joke review,I really did want to,but this game deserves more. Having never played the console version,this was a real novelty for me,but no one can hold it against it for that because of some new things. Those new things are: 60 frames-per-second 4k resolution And the Rockstar editor. In 60fps this game feels really fluid,much more than in any of the consoles,but you already could've guessed that from the trailers R* posted. I don't have a 4k rig,but I visited a friend that has one and it looks APSOLUTELY STUNNING.No joke,even though its all caps ;). And I haven't got around to playing with the editoer,but when the right time comes,I'll do that. All in all,some will prefer to buy this on sale,but in my honest opinion anyone who can afford this game at $60 it is a very good investment.
game-hours: 17.4
review: The fact that you don't have to listen to Roman asking you to go bowling every few minutes should already be a good sign. Provided that you have a decent enough computer, you should be able to run it quite nicely. When the graphics are turned all the way up the game can really look amazing. The controls can be a little wonky, but you're free to re-bind them to whatever key you want. (Caps lock was the characters' special ability button which was super annoying to reach) but in terms of how it runs on PC, I haven't seen many glitches which is a really nice comparison to their 2008 release of GTA IV.
game-hours: 71.1
review: Rockstar stepped up their game and fixed just about every bug in the game before the Grand Theft Auto V release, which ultimately leads to an amazing game! At the moment the controls in the menu on the keyboard and mouse are a little funky, but I got use to it. Overall, this game is by far one of the best Grand Theft Auto games, if not the best game I have ever played.
game-hours: 53.7
review: People say the online part of the game is boring considering the story mode. Let me say you this, after completing the prologue, i thought i wanted to check the online mode a bit and maybe create a charater just for fun. Now i can't leave online mode! It's great. Even the "worse" part of the game is incredibly fun and addictive. Man, this is going to be a long ride... Regarding to the performance; I know that the game kind of buggy on some systems but i have faith in Rockstar that they will fix it eventually (maybe not in a fast way, though). It's running on my system beautifully. Even i don't have a high-end rig and playing with "ok" graphic settings, it's a nice game to look at. I can probably continue this for pages so i'm just gonna leave it like this...You get the idea anyways...
game-hours: 118.5
review: Perfectly optimized for PC. Well worth the wait and well worth the full price.
game-hours: 61.6
review: Everything runs fine, high / very high settings, 4x MSAA 1080p@50/60fps with occasional drops below on an almost three years old GTX680 with 4GB GDDR5. I had one crash so far, but nobodies perfect and the game saves constantly.
game-hours: 72.5
review: REVIEW IN PROGRESS: So far in my experience on XBOX this game easily wins 9/10 because of how fun it is. Many bugs are easy to ignore. However having any amount of lag can  up your experience when being the passenger of a car because the car, like hydraulics, humps the ground. I feel the same on PC. PC includes better giraffics and better gameplay (IMO) and its not fun unless you got friends to play with. The only con is that you REALLY need a good PC otherwise you get 30 FPS max. tl:dr 9/10
game-hours: 30.3
review: You dont need me to tell you how good this game is, but i can say that the PC version is the best version of the game with its extensive array of settings. fully bindable keys ,ability to have own radio station of your favourite songs and ofcourse the ability to transfer old characters from previous versions 10/10 buy this if you can run it
game-hours: 16.0
review: Hell, I could be going on a heist with my buddies right now, but I'm too focused on chasing cats and hitting them. WTF.
game-hours: 37.5
review: I accidently killed a cat and cried for 2 hours. 10/10
game-hours: 102.2
review: 100% of the negative reviews on this game are people who need to either update drivers or not play on a toaster circa 2007. This game (not a port) runs MUCH better than GTAIV ever did.
game-hours: 25.7
review: Collect swags Enjoy 1080p, 60+ fps master race Profit ++
game-hours: 60.6
review: Everything you expected and more, the game has really lived up to the hype it created. Tons of fun with friends and a whole lot to do!
game-hours: 10.5
review: suprisingly its not that bad except the gta online china men community
game-hours: 61.6
review: Everything runs fine, high / very high settings, 4x MSAA 1080p@50/60fps with occasional drops below on an almost three years old GTX680 with 4GB GDDR5. I had one crash so far, but nobodies perfect and the game saves constantly.
game-hours: 72.5
review: REVIEW IN PROGRESS: So far in my experience on XBOX this game easily wins 9/10 because of how fun it is. Many bugs are easy to ignore. However having any amount of lag can  up your experience when being the passenger of a car because the car, like hydraulics, humps the ground. I feel the same on PC. PC includes better giraffics and better gameplay (IMO) and its not fun unless you got friends to play with. The only con is that you REALLY need a good PC otherwise you get 30 FPS max. tl:dr 9/10
game-hours: 60.6
review: Everything you expected and more, the game has really lived up to the hype it created. Tons of fun with friends and a whole lot to do!
game-hours: 53.7
review: People say the online part of the game is boring considering the story mode. Let me say you this, after completing the prologue, i thought i wanted to check the online mode a bit and maybe create a charater just for fun. Now i can't leave online mode! It's great. Even the "worse" part of the game is incredibly fun and addictive. Man, this is going to be a long ride... Regarding to the performance; I know that the game kind of buggy on some systems but i have faith in Rockstar that they will fix it eventually (maybe not in a fast way, though). It's running on my system beautifully. Even i don't have a high-end rig and playing with "ok" graphic settings, it's a nice game to look at. I can probably continue this for pages so i'm just gonna leave it like this...You get the idea anyways...
game-hours: 30.3
review: You dont need me to tell you how good this game is, but i can say that the PC version is the best version of the game with its extensive array of settings. fully bindable keys ,ability to have own radio station of your favourite songs and ofcourse the ability to transfer old characters from previous versions 10/10 buy this if you can run it
game-hours: 16.0
review: Hell, I could be going on a heist with my buddies right now, but I'm too focused on chasing cats and hitting them. WTF.
game-hours: 37.9
review: Well, what can I say about GTA V. The graphics- every one moans on about graphics, and I would like to put this as plainly as possible. On what was a medium rig when I bought it in January 2014, I can run the game at medium texture detail- this does look better than GTA V on the PissPoor, and the XBONE presumably has no better. The aesthetics are good, but Watch Dogs was better even before the patches that got the E3 bloom working. Some games go for more realistic, but if you have seen a car in GTA V, you will know they went for SHINY. Not alienating, just could have been better. The singleplayer- This is the same as the consoles, so nothing new to those who have played or seen it. I find it boring, I don't like the character development, I find the writing as polished as my last turd. Some people like it, simple minded or easily amused people, or those who don't take games too seriously. This is too subjective to settle in a paragraph. The multiplayer- Unfortunately, Rockstar took the Activision aproach of 'EVERYONE LOVES MULTIPLAYER! PUT ALL OF THE MONEY INTO IT' and while it is amazing, it is bittersweet. The singleplayer suffered from lacking what I liked about GTA San Andreas, which is hard to put into words, but the multiplayer can be endless fun if you have the right amount of friends. Unfortunately, my group of friends is 5 strong and everything is based around multiples of 2, unless you are going for records on races. To settle this, as I implied earlier I take games quite seriously. So I killed one of them* over it. The missions are well thought out, but I can see myself playing NerdCubed's missions for 90% of the time when the custom missions are fixed. Controls- My friend told me that the way that driving was programmed, it would be near impossible without a controller, from what he had read prior to release, but I use a keyboard and mouse for everything. Aiming is not overpowered, as with a controller, aim assist means one only has to tap the left trigger to have a headshot lined up from the otherside of one of the deathmatch arenas. Because of this, you don't get queued with controller users if you are on a keyboard and mouse, luckily. Flying a helicopter is designed to be awkward. Expecting it to be similar to Just Cause 2, the grand master of open world third person shooters until JC3 is released, I was horrifically shocked. But I still found using the numpad and WASD to be better than controller, and mouse is only good if precision isn't required. Overall- I love this game, but there are so many things I would change if I made it, but that is the basic economic problem. It isn't possible to satisfy all human wants. So I leave this game with a reluctantly high, 9/11.* *distasteful joke
game-hours: 78.2
review: 12/10 That's it.
game-hours: 21.6
review: THIS GAME AMAZING !*!*!*!*!*!*!*!* thx rock*!
game-hours: 44.1
review: Finally after many years, GTA V has come out on the PC. And how is it? Great. At first seeing how the GTA IV port was, I had my doubts about this, but after 2 years, and 3 delays, we get a great port which I can run at well over 80 fps on very high settings on my rig (Amd 6300FX at 3.8GHz, 8GB of ram, and a GTX 760. This game looks great and runs very much the same, and if you want a great experience, then get this game. The only reason you wouldn't is because of the hefty cost of CAD$70, but if you get that amount of money, then get it. This was well worth the wait.
game-hours: 58.3
review: Console peasants will go mad and hate you forever when they notice they were just beta testers for the PC version.
game-hours: 35.3
review: I don't know what to say, because this is exactly what I wanted. I've happily clocked over 300hrs of GTA V on console, and I'm happy to clock at least double that time on PC. Everything about the PC version of GTA V is a straight upgrade from any of the console versions. If you like Grand Theft Auto games, this is a must have. EDIT: Good god why did Rockstar decide to release this game in the midst of final exams?
game-hours: 63.5
review: I've played a ton of the PS3 and PS4 versions before PC, so consider this a sort-of comparison thing if you're thinking about switching. If you're new to GTA V then you might want to look at other reviews because this might not help you so much, I haven't touched the singleplayer game beyond the mandatory prologue before getting straight into Online. The key reasons I wanted GTA V PC even though I've already played it a lot were: graphics, controls and so I could play with PC-playing friends. The configurability of the graphics is pretty crazy, there are a lot of options here - it's not like the average port where you're lucky if you can change the resolution. The game properly supports multi (I've tested triple 1080p) monitor setups, as in they've actually put some thought into how it'll look so you don't get any crazy GUI mess like you do in other games, it even fades the peripheral monitors in and out if it needs to. I've got a fairly ok rig, an i5 2500K and a GTX 680, and it runs great at 1080p but obviously it's nowhere near the max settings but it still looks a lot better than the console versions. There is the odd hiccup in the frame rate but on the whole it is a night and day difference coming from even the PS4 version. I haven't seen any particularly alarming bugs or artifacts, either, maybe the odd LOD transition that takes longer than it should (even though it's running from an SSD) but nothing you wouldn't expect, really. The default keyboard controls are awful, they use pretty much the entire keyboard - even the numpad! The default flying controls are WASD for throttle and rudder, num 2468 for pitch and roll and the mouse does the camera... I don't have three hands. Admittedly it's not all that common to need the camera but I'm going to eventually try to come up with a better configuration for all that. It would be nice if you could turn off camera auto-center for vehicles but I don't think you can. There are other weird things, too, like cycling prev/next weapon in vehicles; mouse wheel up or tab to go to the next weapon, or [ to go to the previous. What? So that's left hand or mouse for next weapon, take your hand off the mouse and look for the [ key that no one ever uses in games to avoid having to cycle all the way back around to the weapon before the one you were on. Still, you can remap that, so that's ok. Lack of analogue control over vehicles is a big deal, offroading is terrible because you just wheelspin all the time, it could really do with a 'slow' modifier (maybe it has one, I didn't spend much time looking at the car control binds). I'm not sure about directinput controller support, it definitely supports 360 controllers though so you could have one on your lap to switch to for vehicles. However, for all that's bad about the keyboard and mouse controls, it has one massive, massive plus: mouse aim. This is the biggest game changer for me, I can actually hit stuff with my first shot when firing from vehicles now and the marksman rifle is actually useful! I think it would be worth hacking some sort of one-handed driving controller together just to be able to use a mouse to aim while I drive, it's so good. I might even use first person mode for more than just messing around now. Finally, being able to play with friends. It seems like almost everyone I regularly talk to has now bought GTA V and everyone else is on the fence but holding off because it's expensive, so for now at least there's no shortage of people to join. The Social Club crews feature means I can be a member of a variety of different, er, social clubs (i.e. a group of IRL friends, a group of one gaming site, a group of another, etc.) and play with anyone from any of them at any time without much trouble, except I did have one problem last night in that the in-game friends list was saying a friend I was talking to was offline... But that's also ok, because the game supports the Steam "join game" feature, and you can also invite people through the Rockstar Social Club overlay. There's also in-game voice chat with push to talk (no more being assaulted by people breathing down their mics or coughing!) but it wasn't working when I tried it three hours after the launch, and global/team text chat in addition to text messages - communicating is therefore much easier, which is extremely handy in a game where communication during jobs is so important. Yes, Online still has the long load times and flaky servers the console versions have, but you can massively reduce the wait by installing the game on an SSD so there's that at least. Otherwise, the game is pretty much the same; same cars, same guns, same map, etc. Snapmatic does have a meme text feature now and there is of course the replay editor, but I haven't touched that yet and I don't know if I will, apparently the buffer isn't very long. Oh, and there's the custom radio station which I haven't set up yet. That'll be handy, I was getting a bit sick of Can't Hardly Stand It.
game-hours: 21.3
review: Someone bangs your wife, try to ruin his life, get ruined yourself. Try to make your life settle, ruin it even more. Try to calm using yoga, s up life more. Deal drugs, get money, happy life. Ship weapons, again money happy life. Become an assassin, get money, get hugh house, get high end bikes. Steal cars, kill your boss and upgrade to an high end thug. Do good, get bad. DO bad, get good. Life in GTA V. Because  karma, karma is for .
game-hours: 44.9
review: Best Ever, fully optimized peice of masterpeices. GTX 670, i5 cpu, 60 frames per second on very high setting, even when going 500mb over my video memory.
game-hours: 129.6
review: If u wanna play open world come here nega :) 12/10 this game very awesome just play and forgot everything enjoy....
game-hours: 68.7
review: Grand Theft Auto V is probably the first "Early Access" product that was only available for consoles, but never on Steam. Now after 2 years... The waiting is over. It's finally finished. Was it worth the wait? Definitely!
game-hours: 59.6
review: Funciona perfecto con Windows. No pide mucho hardware. Muy Adictivo. Cientos de opciones de customizacin. Es la mejor versin de gta hasta ahora. 10/10
game-hours: 1.8
review: Tried to steal a motocross, hitted the driver with car but he didnt fell, instead he turned around and started pointing middle finger for me and because of that he drove to wall and died. Glad that the motocross didnt broke. Best. Game. Ever.
game-hours: 40.4
review: If I had to be angry at Rockstar for 1.5 years each time to wait for an UNBELIEVABLY amazing spectacle like this, I'd do it over and over again. 10/10.
game-hours: 10.0
review: Shot up a strip club with a friend in glorious 1080p @ 60FPS This is what I've been waiting for
game-hours: 14.8
review: Game looks great and runs great. I dont know who the main character is...or if there even is one. I started off as some white guy....somewhere along the lines I became black. I fully suspect and look forward to becoming asian but hope driving performance wont degrade. Maybe I will even swap gender. Gameplay is fun so far. Best gta I have played. Have not tried Online. So far I have learned to steal cars using a tow truck. Run over aliens. Understand car flight physixs. And am trying to learn my way around the massive map. Optimization is amazing. I have 3 1080p monitors and get 60fps on high settings. I was not expecting this at all. Single gtx 780.
game-hours: 59.8
review: only 2 hours in it, makes me wannt to skip sleeping xD Runs great, feels great, expectations - met and surpassed! GG
game-hours: 53.6
review: Finally come to PC, how can you not play this game. Run smooth and well optimized 10/10
game-hours: 62.3
review: 60 frames per second makes me wet
game-hours: 39.8
review: Fun game, looks good, runs well, great voice acting and soundtrack. Only 3 problems with it so far: 1- Game is Hyper-Unintuitive. I had less difficulty learning to program with the Unix VI editor than I did trying to do very simple things in this game, like figure out what the hell "Passive Mode" is or how to disable it. Hell, I couldn't even find out how to leave GTA Online, and I had to force it closed with task manager :/ 2- PVP in Free Roam is extremely shallow. Get MG, get fast car, spray from car. If not, get spammed from car, die. Shame, if you had to actually aim to shoot from a car in third person this game would be a much more fun and skillful pvp experience. 3- Dear god, the law enforcement system in GTA online is atrocious. You would think that offing someone in a dark alley with a suppressed pistol would reduce your chances of being discovered, but apparently big brother sees all in Los Santos, and the nation's entire police force will dispatch endless troops from your anal sphincter. WHY EVEN HAVE A SUPPRESSOR WHEN YOU HAVE RADAR ALWAYS ON AND COPS SEE EVERYTHING? JUST REMOVE IT FROM THE GAME ROCKSTAR, STOP MISLEADING PEOPLE.
game-hours: 44.9
review: The game itself is exactly as it appeared in the PS4 and Xbox One version, I'm happy to say that even running on a now fairly dated system with a 560Ti that the game runs like a dream. Highly recommended, brilliant port of a fantastic game.
game-hours: 39.3
review: 100/100
game-hours: 52.5
review: GTA V PC Version is well optimized. better than any other games I've played. Ubisoft can learn alot from Rockstar Games..
game-hours: 43.0
review: 18 months and we got it on PC. Was it worth waiting? Hell yeah it was!! Huge city full of life, just living its life around you; long story mode with amazing, ehm... story. And then comes ONLINE with hundreds of activities and missions to do with your friends or random thugs. Its just pure amazing and fun experience in huge open world gangster sandbox worth every cent, would buy even if it would cost more. 10/10 would recommend, best game ever, why the hell I am not playing now...
game-hours: 44.5
review: SICK.
game-hours: 46.0
review: 11/10 best game ever made
game-hours: 41.7
review: Finally...
game-hours: 4.5
review: The game is the best! couldn't ask for more!
game-hours: 64.0
review: 11111111111/10
game-hours: 33.6
review: Allah blessed this game!
game-hours: 5.6
review: Tired of watching grass grow? tired of tree simulator? Then this is the game for you. Best 59 GB Loading Screen youll ever see the detail on the loadin bar is mesmorizing in all its High Definition glory. 10/10 would buy again. I almost forgot to note how efficient the cancel button is good thing there isnt a refund button next to it. My brudder tell me it's a good game and he was right loading as far as the eye can see. be careful though if your C:\users\(name) has even a character as foreign as space you might have problems launching this game.And yes those 2.4 hours i played was of that loading screen that never changed. ign gives it a 10/10 but then again ... they have 4k monitors
game-hours: 20.0
review: Killed a bunch of fegits. 10/10
game-hours: 34.8
review: 10/10 Best load simulator
game-hours: 24.6
review: Graphic is 10/10 Getting 60 Rate. Took Half my Hard Drive space and well worth it 60.6 or more gigs for the game.
game-hours: 175.0
review: there's weed
game-hours: 29.7
review: Great game as we all know it by now playing on consoles before (I only played it on 360 just for the sake of finishing it and then waited for PC release.) The game came with some issues for some people such as the username having special characters. However mine is my Microsoft Account with my email in there, it didn't seem to caused any issues in launching the game. I did have some issue launching it at start as I would click on the play button and it would show for couple second on Steam that I'm "in-game" but then it'd go away for no reason. The fix for that I found that you need to manually install the installers from "Installers" and "_CommonRedist" folder if you had an issue like mine where it didn't auto installed it. I am having another issue now the game crashing, it only crashed twice so far in my almost 2hr of game play but still is annoying. I am hoping for it to be working fine with couple updates. So once you're past that and can launch the game successfully. It's a gorgeous looking one to say the least in my opinion, PC port is better than Max Payne 3 for me. I'm playing it on 4K with 50-60 fps constantly in closed locaitons or while fighting and 45-50 while driving at everything max on 970 SLI setup. It's doing rather well and you'll get steady FPS with something like this setup. All in all .. the game is totally worth it's price, I didn't like these launch issues that I had which were minor but the game crashing and saying "GTA V has stopped working" is making me mad to say the least and others are still facing some other issues. Maybe .. wait a while until they fix it, at least they're not UbiSoft and I have high hopes from Rockstar to fix their mistakes. Launch issues aside, game is very well optimized and well worth the price.
game-hours: 12.8
review: Best GTA ever made. Done right and actually very well optimized, even on middle-end PC. ps: launch day/night was expected way more than christmas/newyear! pps: R*, bring us RDR, pls ^^
game-hours: 75.9
review: I pre-ordered Grand Theft Auto V back in 2013 for the Xbox 360 and I pre-ordered it for the PC this year and I don't regret buying it. I played the console version of this game, and it was incredible, loved the storyline, the features, the online mode, everything, even though I hate playing on consoles. I played it few minutes after the game release, a long with my buddy I was the first few thousands to launch this game. I played the game, it's incredible! Go buy it, do it. Exploring San Andreas in 60 frames per second in high resolution feels wonderful. What, you're still reading? What are you doing here? Go buy the game!
game-hours: 15.5
review: Oh. My. God. Why was this even on consoles? Honestly if you thought the game was good on the 360 or ps4 you're gonna love this . Holy hell, like R*, way to make me think your game is  for two and a half years before showing me the truth of this masterpiece.
game-hours: 52.0
review: it was worth the wait
game-hours: 38.2
review: The song that was playing when I got into the first car was "Smoke Weed Everyday" 420/10
game-hours: 89.1
review: Bought a pink machinegun and went home with a stripper within the first 30min 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 20.6
review: Goodbye Papa & Mama. 11/10
game-hours: 9.7
review: Gud gaem.
game-hours: 47.7
review: On launch the first person mode of this game is unplayable becuase the fov is locked to 60, and on top of that there is horrible mouse lag, no matter what mouse input setting you use. Rockstar, it took you 2 years to make this game, and still managed to  it up. I am never going to preorder a game ever becuase of this.
game-hours: 1.4
review: I have more than the recommended system requirements and the game crashes and crashes and crashes AND Guess WHAT! It Crashes
game-hours: 112.8
review: Such an awesome game, If you dont have it, get it RIGHT NOW!
game-hours: 73.0
review: I've played GTA 5 from the console release, to the next gen release. Now finally and most importantly, I have begun to play the PC release. The differences were subtle from console to console but to go from that to the PC, those differences are now striking. With almost every graphical option any PC gamer would hope for and a framerate to boot, what is old is new again. Whether you are a new comer or an old one, this installment of '5' will no doubt impress.
game-hours: 11.9
review: its like gta v but on pc. 9/11
game-hours: 25.9
review: This game looked so good I had to change my underwear
game-hours: 32.9
review: Game won't even launch. gj Rockstar. ::Update:: Finally got it to work. Turns out I just had to set GTAVLauncher.exe to run in compatibility mode for Windows 8. I'm still going to give this game a negative review, at least until Rockstar fixes most of the problems people are having. I don't recommend buying the game until then, unless you want to spend 10+ hours trying to get the game to start.
game-hours: 5.5
review: Would pre-purchase again. 500,000$ = 12500 strip dance Heres a link to the strip club
game-hours: 32.0
review: This game is in full color. I'm not even kidding, not just the base colors but every combination of color you would expect. We're talking everything from Dark Slate Gray to Hot Pink folks. As if color wasn't enough, these geniuses found a way to include sound, like a LOT of sounds. Ever wanted to hear a footstep? The sound of glass bottle nudged by someone walking by? Now you can hear it all! Color and sound, this would be enough to make any game a winner but they didn't stop there. This game uses the alphabet AND numbers. That's right, every letter your used to seeing in upper and lower case, numbers, and even punctuation. The amount of type in this game is stunning and you'll spend all day reading to your hearts content. I think its pretty clear that we have the building blocks for an amazing game here so expect to be blown away by the experience.
game-hours: 74.4
review: It was worth the weight. See what I did there? Now you're gonna play this game for a few more years. :DDDDDDD
game-hours: 35.0
review: Have the game delayed numerous times to straighten out bugs only to not be able to play the game on day one because of numerous bugs.
game-hours: 21.2
review: Do you see that? Two hours. I didn't play those two hours. I tried to fix the ing mess that Rockstar Social Club made. I can't even enjoy an offline session because of the  DRM. YOU DONE ED IT UP
game-hours: 163.3
review: Do you really need me to give you a review for GTA V? I masturbate to this game now on PC.
game-hours: 126.3
review: gg
game-hours: 36.6
review: after 22 hrs on this game : got this cons and pros :) pros : + good stories + in a + so many funny moments + good for play with your groups of friend cons : - soooo long on loading when connected to gta v - random game crash and finally : 9/10 game of this yearr !! update : - wanna playing tank vs mode ? - wanna playing jet vs mode ? - wanna playing escort mode ? - wanna race another people ? - wanna kill people in head with heavy sniper ? - wanna run your friend with your car / motorcycle ? if you wanna do what i listed above, so you must have this game in your library !!
game-hours: 95.8
review: As of right now, I am completely locked out of the game. The Launcher stops working before it even has a chance to load up. Workarounds have not worked. Do not purchase this game until all of the issues have been cleared up by Rockstar.
game-hours: 47.8
review: I just want to thank the console peasants for ironing out the wrinkles; Job well done! P.S. Man it's good to be on PC.
game-hours: 9.5
review: Allow us to change Social club accounts in game why make the game stick to one account.
game-hours: 12.6
review: A complete shambles from Rockstar games. You would expect a lot more from Rockstar. I thought they would have planned for success for this title on the PC, but instead we are left with thousands of people being unable to play the game. My particular case is due to Rockstar having force linked my steam account that is linked to an incorrect social club account. I created a brand new account because I was having trouble retrieving my old social club details and was given a warning that if I tick the box, that there will be no return. I decided to wait and try to gather my old details. I got my old details, yay! But, guess what!? I DIDN'T EVEN CLICK THE BOX and it has been linked to the wrong account... "Clap, clap, clap" Sarcasm? You're god damn right. Well done to whomever came up with the perma link steam CD key idea... Pffft, I think you should at least receive a written warning from your employer. Now give me my 39.99 back so I can buy another copy and moan about it all again. P.S. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME GUYS, they have completely screwed around with the background infrastructure and you will lose your 39.99... Technically fraud, as you aren't receving anything useable...
game-hours: 0.5
review: No I don't recommend this game. I am quite certain I would, but the game refuses to launch. Am I suprised a Rockstar game doesn't work on launch? No. Not even slightly. Every time I launch the game it opens the game launcher, seemingly required in every new game, because clearly launching from steam doesn't distinguish it is a valid game. It goes through about ten seconds of attempting to 'activate' my copy of the game, and then proceeds to fail. The great part is, not even the launcher works. Every time I click the 'Retry' button, the launcher closes. Then I have to reopen the game yet again, go through the samn damn process, and watch it fail again. I am seriously one step away from refunding this game and saying  you Rockstar. I loved this game on console...too bad the PC version DELAYED 3 TIMES doesn't work. EDIT: Seriously how do I get this refunded. I'm not having this
game-hours: 10.5
review: I can currently not recommend buying it - There are heaps of problems, at the moment GTA V seems like a game that has been released way to soon. Amongst others: 1. Launcher issue - You will need to create a Windows local admin account if you are having a useraccount name with certain characters. (This is the case for almost everyone who has windows 8/10 as you usually have the "@" due to the Microsoft account). 2. More launcher issues - Beside this there are various problems for people with different AVs, Dual graphic card settings, etc. 3. Performance - It is a hit and miss. Once you finally can get into it..It works... Next time it is so slow it does crash windows as it has an massive issue with memory spill. It is playable, yes. Some people do get lucky and have a machine where it does work..and the game itself is as good as you have seen it on the consoles a year ago. But...Some if not most players experience problems.... And this is unacceptable. UPDATE: Wow, it is even getting worse. On one of my three machines the game could be loaded -although with massive performance problems that occured randomly-. Well. The last patch was installed yesterday, after that it worked as well. Now it does not start on either of the three machines. Congratulations Rockstar - After almost 18 years that I've played your games for countless hours it is the first time I am seriously disappointed. It seems this is yet another game pushed out early due to pressure from shareholders and marketing. I will wait for another 3 days before I will apply for a refund from steam.
game-hours: 1.2
review: Masterpiece creation! Game of the Year 2015 clearly,on par with hits such as Assassins Creed Unity  !   2015 ,      Assassins Creed Unity
game-hours: 9.7
review: very fun game
game-hours: 11.5
review: 10/10
game-hours: 11.1
review: Fun, 60FPS. Tons of content
game-hours: 28.0
review: BEST ONLINE !
game-hours: 33.1
review: Went to a strip club and spend all the cash from the preorder 10/10
game-hours: 75.5
review: Works great and have very good graphics, i really enjoy this game
game-hours: 81.9
review: Finally fixed the "GTA V Launcher stopped working" Nvidia Driver error, and by far. This game was made for the PC, give it some time to work out the problems.
game-hours: 52.6
review: Have to say ive been waiting for this to come to pc for ages and im not disapointed i feel that the additional content and FPS mashup theyve done is well executed the way the game looks is just beutiful right down to the make moddle and serial number on the rifles in the first person view is very nice Multiplayer community is a little more respectful about kos i mean there are a few but i feel that the ability to drive past your fellow players without them pulling a gun on you right away like on consol in nice ive had a few good firefights that have left my heart raceing dont get me wrong but this is only enhanced with the FPS option. made me feel like i was actualy there there is the issues of loss of frame rate and occationaly connection issues but im sure those will be worked out soon (hopeing) there devs are usualy on the ball when things arrise to do with the game issues side of things but hey what goes for consol dosent always go for pc so so far im impressed if they keep developing the multiplayer i dont see why people wont buy the game just for the multiplayer alone Single player is again long plenty to do and alot of side stories to do as well as the other random stuff that goes down infront of you i had a guy drive up and loose his wheel right infront of me the sad thing is he broke my winsheild with his wheel :V so like any respectful british person with a nice attitude i got out and kindly introduced him to my fists and beat him up and stole his wallet :D
game-hours: 98.4
review: so i took my dog on awalk and watched him hump another dog, then did some meth and smoked some weed that made me trip balls, punched a hooker after getting a handy J, cop saw it so i had to run. and after i lost them i went home and played gtaV. 10/10 should of went with a blow J
game-hours: 27.0
review: Awsum gam! Luv iz! <3
game-hours: 61.4
review: Thanks to console peasants for beta testing 6/5 #pcmasterrace #kappa
game-hours: 47.6
review: Daddy's back es! Well, no actually, colour is back. And fun. That's back too. 10/10
game-hours: 3.7
review: Not recommended unless you have a good computer. I have a modern laptop, and it runs like s***. Other than that tho, the port for PC is AMAZING. I reccommend this for all you good computered-persons-
game-hours: 6.6
review: social club infinite loading EDIT: I fixed it, best game ive ever played. Im gonna donate my life to this game.
game-hours: 76.7
review: nothing better then GTA games! but this is awesome!!!!!
game-hours: 53.0
review: Good job rockstar I love you guys ^^
game-hours: 81.5
review: As a person who has never played GTA before. This is all I could ask for. The controls are great and easy to get used to. So many ways to customize your character from clothing to tatoos to facepaint. You can play alone or with friends online for more fun and points. My only complaint is that there is only one location to play on. Even so this is the golf game PC gamers have been waiting for and deserve. Hole in One/10
game-hours: 38.2
review: ,!!!
game-hours: 67.6
review: Awesome game! I lost my job because all I do is play GTA V. Thumbs up!
game-hours: 63.2
review: Works better, looks better and plays better than I expected. I was able to transfer my online account from PS3 with no problems. Everything is so polished and I didn't spot a single glitch anywhere in the graphics or in the gameplay. The only downside now is the memory-eating graphics options which are suggesting that I should get a job and buy a new GPU. No but really, the freedom over the graphics- and other settings is vast. I love it!
game-hours: 59.8
review: Optimization isn't the best, but it suffices. Don't get this expecting to be able to play on low settings with steady 60 though.
game-hours: 0.9
review: i really hope they fix it,and i cant wait to upgrade my PC and play it
game-hours: 42.5
review: I run out of a truck jump onto a bus from a bridge, I grab my grenade launcher, I fire it into a helicopter then i jump off the bus, I run like a madman for the last copy of Gta V on the release date, I jump onto a train and escape the military. 10/10 would blow up a poodle that would cause the army to come.
game-hours: 89.0
review: Killing Hookers, Stealing Cars and Now Robbing Banks. Best Day Ever
game-hours: 34.4
review: Very impressed by this PC port. Had low expectations for AAA titles, but this didn't let me down
game-hours: 19.2
review: Amazing, amazing and amazing. Best game of the century. Thank you!
game-hours: 15.7
review: ppppppppppeeeeeeeeeeennnnnnnnnniiiiiiiiiiisssssssssssss
game-hours: 35.9
review: 10/10 Never Ending Fun.
game-hours: 28.9
review: One of the best games of the decade. Really fun with a great port. Amazing story and singleplayer mode with a multiplayer mode that is not as good as single player but still REALLY fun and has a lot of depth and things to do. Great port but a lot of people have problems with it. (There are solutions for most of them). R* really did a great job with the port and I was really scared this game wouldn't run on my crap PC. Glad it does! Worth a purchase at full price.
game-hours: 80.9
review: One word says it "Masterpiece"
game-hours: 34.1
review: I remember that I accidently dropped my Xbox 360 with the GTA V disc in it. The disc broke and I couldn't play anymore. So I waited for PC. When I finnaly knew that it will came to april the 14th I was so excited. Just the hype from the Xbox 360 release. I really like this game, the graphics are amazing. It couldn't be better. I will continue to play this game and continue to enjoy it.
game-hours: 26.2
review: Nice
game-hours: 2.4
review: The game runs like a dream super smooth at max settings 4k and 1440p tested will be coming back to play it later as I have other games currently in the middle of finishing.
game-hours: 16.9
review: 10/10
game-hours: 37.8
review: I have an athlon 2 x3 460 cpu, a pallit 450 GTS graphics card and 6gb ram. I am running the game with no problems at all, although i would love to play on max settings. To be honest i expected disappointment cos of all the hype, i mean how could any game live up to that? IT DOES!!!! The definative version of GTA!!! 10/10
game-hours: 38.1
review: excellent 10/10 the GFX and Gameplay seem much smoother and more detailed
game-hours: 19.7
review: Awesome game. Well optimized. A few bugs here and there (specially with some people). For me it worked like a charm, only a bit glitchy in a few missions. Overall awesome game, graphics are top notch. Everyhing else is like GTA V on PS4/XBONE, story/online/haist is just an awesome experience. Glad to see this game well optimized for PC.
game-hours: 29.8
review: Got it working by uninstalling FRAPS and D3D Gear Beautiful graphics, running it close to maximum Sooooo smooth! Character transfer was  easy Great game, buy it.
game-hours: 38.1
review: Grand Theft Loading.
game-hours: 7.1
review: I went to a dog. I clapped the dog. The dog got mad. I dieded. rip in pece 15/10
game-hours: 72.9
review: Game of the year 2015 10000/10
game-hours: 25.5
review: ITS SOOOOO SEXY
game-hours: 35.4
review: BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 48.0
review: its good but if it would let me link my xbox acount to get exclusive content it would be great
game-hours: 17.0
review: 4k resolution is awesome in 60fps - I can only recomended this game ;)
game-hours: 25.5
review: Personally I've had no issues with this game. If you're looking to play with maximum settings you're going to need a 4GB VRAM GPU however with a 2GB card you'll get away with mostly high settings. AMD and NVidia users should download the new drivers which optimise the game as they help a lot!
game-hours: 67.1
review: Daaaaaamn i missed a good GTA game, havent enjoyed a GTA game since San Andreas <3
game-hours: 74.7
review: Sometimes physics might be silly, mior bugs, first person mode is quite disappointing, default controls for keyboard and mouse are not very good, annoying camera, silly crowd shoutouts. Surprisingly decent optimizations and nice graphics, gameplay-wise has GTA flavour. Next step after GTA 4 - certainly. Nextget ? If you say so.
game-hours: 33.5
review: It's a masterpiece, what more could I say?
game-hours: 42.1
review: Runs really smooth, a few choppies cause of CPU usage but other than that its pretty nice, my GPU is a 970.
game-hours: 30.9
review: Spendind the whole time smoking weed. 4/20
game-hours: 7.7
review: i deleted origin so i could have enough space to unpack this game 420/10
game-hours: 17.4
review: awesome
game-hours: 17.8
review: It's good cuz The mobile internet browsing FEELS like browsing the internet
game-hours: 30.2
review: I have been waiting 2 years for the game to come on PC, during that time I have been playing on the Xbox 360 and I was impressed still. Hopefully they will release GTA 6 straight away for the PC in the future
game-hours: 19.3
review: This game 10/10 is better then the console version. The aiming, the community, the experience, just about everything. Definately recommend this game to everyone/anyone wanting a fun online and first person shooter experience.
game-hours: 31.9
review: Dank dank dank
game-hours: 48.1
review: Now I can get a private dance from a stripper in Ultra graphics and 200FPS. Well done Rockstar! #HeilGaben
game-hours: 11.4
review: I now own three copies of this game... Let that sink in... Now go buy at least one, if it isn't worth your money I will personally refund you
game-hours: 19.9
review: All hail the, GLORIOUS MASTER PC RACE!
game-hours: 32.4
review: Disable my graphics card = works but.. gets 1 FPS Enable my graphics card = doesnt work PLEASE ING FIX IT I WUNA PLAY BUT I CANT BECAUSE THIS STUPID NIVIDIA ATI OR WHAT EVER
game-hours: 34.6
review: MODS, MODS EVERYWHERE
game-hours: 45.1
review: It took 2 years to add eyebrows to my online character. 10/10
game-hours: 34.1
review: 1) It's GTA. 2) It's incredibly well optimised. 3) Graphics are immense. 4) Lots of options to customise graphics settings. 5) In addition to single player, GTA Online is pretty damn fun. 6) It runs at 60 fps, LIKE THEY SAID. 7) I want to kick the  out of a 90 year old granny sometimes, this game allows me to do just that.
game-hours: 11.3
review: Runs perfectly fine, smooth as  and I can't put my controller down! Detailed review coming when I've had enough time with the game to be able to write one that does it justice.
game-hours: 58.6
review: Just wanted to say thank you console peasents for testing this game while it was in beta.
game-hours: 38.8
review: you can get stoned on the couch and watch TV all in 4k resolution 420/420 would play again
game-hours: 37.3
review: I had it for the xbox and it was like Jesus and the pc is Zeus
game-hours: 46.2
review: Great game, But if your Badsport On Console and u Transfer your Character, The bad sport Carrys over. It says your Forgiven as you load in, But it still carrys. and the Support SUCKS!!!!!!!
game-hours: 42.7
review: just buy the game
game-hours: 53.4
review: Great game
game-hours: 55.3
review: Played this game for two years on PS3 and have salivated over the thought of how good this game could be if done correctly. My god. It's flawless. This is how you do a port. I never imagined this game running THIS good. I knew it would be better than GTA IV on PC, but I never expected this. I adore this game. In my opinion all it needed on PC was 60fps and 1080p native. We got SO much more. Absolutely the best it could have possibly been. Never drops below 60fps with every single thing i could find maxed out(except MSAA, I'd need another 980 for that lol). We're talking a game and dev that released a notoriously poorly optimized port and mindnumblingly CPU intensive game, and now were maxing even ALL DRAW DISTANCES, OBJECTS, SHADOWS, PEDESTRIANS, and TRAFFIC. Even with all that it STILL maxes out my ing GTX 980! There is NO CPU bottleneck to be found here. Throw all of your doubt about this game out the window, it is ing perfection. If youre interested in the slightest, and have at least the recommended specs, buy this game RIGHT NOW. Just for reference: Gigabyte Z77X-D3H i7-3770K @4.4Ghz 16 GB Corsair Vengeance RAM @1866Mhz MSI GTX 980 Gaming 4GB 250GB Samsung EVO SSD Asus 144hz VG248QE Any questions about this game or its performance feel free to ask.
game-hours: 67.8
review: Yes, yes, yes.
game-hours: 16.6
review: Run great on my EVGA GTX X Titan with 1920x1080p. It is faboulous game and has a really nice HUD Interface. Just like any modern game would have. Graphics are great and the best part is customizing the cars. This game is truely a great game and nothing needs to be added. No bugs or anything yet and still pretty nice for a 2013 game.
game-hours: 8.9
review: very fun
game-hours: 16.9
review: I have bought this game 3 times already. (the fact that i bought it 3 times must mean something) I currently own Grand Theft Auto V for the Xbox 360, Xbox One, and PC. This game is one of the best games i have ever played. It runs amazing my rig. I highly recommend this game. Pros:
game-hours: 83.2
review: My pc met all requirements the only question mark was gpu which is integrated, it will still run and smoothe though rockstar really did a good job with this. I can tell they made full use of the delay times they had, with my integrated graphics card i shouldn't be able to run it but i can. However that will be upgraded today. Was well worth the wait Rockstar great job on making the pc version. PS. which is not a port it was developed with the main game side by side
game-hours: 31.2
review: This game is perfect. It plays like a dream, and its most definitely the definitive version of the game. 10/10 on R* redeeming themselves, this port is perfect.
game-hours: 38.9
review: Grand Theft Auto are one of my favourite game series. GTA V is the best GTA game after San Andreas, which I loved due to it being my childhood game and being the game to bring new things that year and with a huge map and possibilities. I have played this game both on Xbox360 and PC. It's amazing. The storyline is amazing, the graphics are great, the PC port is AWESOME (works smoother than on X360), comparing to GTA IV's port (which was  on PC, very bad performance issues). The Online is great, as long as you don't play to grind it, and have some friends to play it. Anyways, the PC version > Console is that there's some new features, and the files were already opened and modding should be available soon, thus we will see some good mods with no doubt. Truly a game of the year, for 2015 too.
game-hours: 51.5
review: Two years. Two. Was it worth it? Yes. Is it good? Yes. Optimization? Max Payne 3 level of it. Go ahead, spend $60. You won't miss that $60. I promise.
game-hours: 17.2
review: I've waited so long to smoke a joint in FPS perspective and see .
game-hours: 110.0
review: Best Game I Ever Played atm.
game-hours: 42.1
review: hjdfskgfbdhjgfkbdsghfsjgkfsgbhjfkdsgfbdsg
game-hours: 34.2
review: This game is great, but without mods it is kind of the same boring game, if you have previously played it on the consoles but with amazing graphics, compared to the consoles. The best thing about GTA on PC is the mods that will be sure to come out, but as there are none yet the game is still kind of dry. This game is not very well optimised for PC players, as the keyboard and mouse controls are kind of unusual, this isn't saying they are unusable, but if a player has never played PC or GTA on PC before then it takes some getting used to, which is why I recommend playing this game with a controller, unless you are exclusively playing in first person mode.
game-hours: 41.8
review: They actually put work into this. It runs like well, unlike some crappy PC ports *cough*GTA4*cough*
game-hours: 70.2
review: Greatest of great, love this great, great!
game-hours: 37.3
review: This is a much better port than GTA IV, It even plays better than GTAIV on my gtx970, 60 FPS with most settings on very-high in 1080p, this looks very good and is a blast to play after oly a few minutes, it felt like a great GTA!
game-hours: 33.0
review: It's a game
game-hours: 123.6
review: It's fun. Play it.
game-hours: 33.6
review: i like
game-hours: 6.8
review: them graphics op af
game-hours: 4.5
review: stole a car as franklin and the radio was on east coast classics 10/10 not racist at all
game-hours: 32.4
review: Yea sure, this one really needs a review
game-hours: 25.9
review: Game is beautiful. It runs great. Definetly worthed if you are a fan of the series or enjoy open world games. If I go back 3 weeks, knowing what I know. I would still pre-order it.
game-hours: 64.8
review: Best game I've ever played, requires a good rig to get the full experience though.
game-hours: 48.5
review: yup. worth every penny
game-hours: 60.4
review: Great game, worth the wait. Very well optimised in comparison to the previous releases.
game-hours: 40.6
review: enjoy watching my chow having sex with another dog , time to fap <3 p/s : 10/10 would fap again
game-hours: 38.2
review: Well what you gotta do is slap your grandmother in the face your welcome 10/10.
game-hours: 45.4
review: It runs surprisingly well and has yet to ever drop below 30 fps. I generally hang in the 50-60 fps region on high-ultra. I only have an 8230 oc to 4.2 and a r9 270, so you could say this game is very well made, and it has many more updates to come.
game-hours: 30.2
review: The Best of the Best. Great graphics with great gameplay. You will never be bored while playing this game and as a bonus , it grants 100% chance of a mother screaming "Get of the computer!" at you.
game-hours: 83.9
review: No seatbelts litterally unplayable what the  0/10
game-hours: 23.5
review: gr8 b8 m8 wud r8 8 out of 8
game-hours: 51.9
review: Unbelievable. The coders from R* have been porting the game for almost 2 years, but they didn't think about the owners of the modern laptops with 2 GPUs. I'm not even able to launch the game. UPD: I've managed to run the game by disabling my second GPU (and then enabling it), but I hope the devs will fix this as soon as possible. The game is gorgeous, no doubt about that. UPD 2: I should make a HUGE remark. The game optimization is just outstanding. R* did a great job here. Everything's running smoothly on my 3-year-old multimedia laptop with high details in 1080p. Just amazing.
game-hours: 165.0
review: Perfect game !! Awesome :)
game-hours: 5.6
review: Great game, runs like any modern pc game, clearly not a port tons of graphic options and custom settings you can change, graphics look great even on medium so far no problems the GTA we waited for is finally here :D
game-hours: 55.0
review: It's a good port and an AMAZING game
game-hours: 49.1
review: If only our Healthcare was as avalible as GTA V's 10/10 gr8 m8 8/8
game-hours: 14.6
review: Great improvements over the console version and a solid port. Has a lot of crashing issues that will hopefully be patched in the coming weeks. Crashing however leads to you getting black marks if you leave during a GTA Online job. If you're crashing a lot it would be wise to stay away from the match maker until the game is more stable so you don't get put in games with s all the time.
game-hours: 36.6
review: blew up own crew member with homming launcher. 10/10
game-hours: 6.3
review: Started the game and I didn't have a weapon. I stole a bus and got away from the cops. Now I have a weapon.
game-hours: 28.6
review: this game eats system ram for breakfast, i recommend 16gb for this game.(had an issue with stuttering and it turned out to be my 8gb DDR4-others with same specs as I with 16gb have no issues, the game uses around 8-10gb at very high settings) But thats not a big deal really because most games dont use resources as well as this game does. It has got to be the most amazing pc port....... neh, pc game ever optimized. yeah you heard me, PC GAME. the scaling and smoothness was worth the delay, and def huge leaps in looks from its console counterparts. I can not even beleive im saying this, but Rockstar nailed it. Regardless, the story is fun and endulging and exciting, theres LOADS, and i do mean loads of graphics settings to cator to your systems needs. The graphics scaling and resource handling is out of this world!!....This is literally the most my PC's hardware has ever been used!; and efficiently and responsibly as well. The games detail is just out of this world! Walking around the city, every nook and crany is filled with random detail and the roads are just spectacular; makes the city seem so real how used the roads are, and thats just a small part. I am just incredibly mindblown how Rockstar was able to pull this off....now I will be BEGGING for Red Dead even more!!! just to give some facts for a few people maybe wondering, theres no mouse acceleration, the controls are seemless, controller support (if wierdly you want that) is seemlessly there. FOV is decently implemented (not perfect in FPS, but im sure mods will change that), it supports ultra widescreen (most cutscenes were made at 16:9 though). the First person functions perfectly. all controls are customizable. and based on low graphics settings, most peoples systems will probably run it well, and low settings still look pretty decent. oh and NO FRAME RATE CAP! YAY! PROPER ADS! (aim down sights)
game-hours: 35.8
review: very nice.
game-hours: 13.2
review: After 2 years of porting to PC, hopefuly its worth the wait.
game-hours: 65.8
review: LOVE IT !! its just awesome the online with couple of friends and just own the city :) 11/10
game-hours: 19.9
review: Took 3 days to install just so I could play as a rich dude, a  looking guy, and a stoner. Worth/10
game-hours: 89.7
review: Fun :)
game-hours: 46.7
review: Everything about this game is perfect.
game-hours: 44.2
review: Worth the wait.
game-hours: 63.4
review: Hey its GTA what do you expect...
game-hours: 7.4
review: I havent played since xbox 360 and now i love it. Worth your money and time
game-hours: 25.5
review: It took 1 year and 6 months and was delayed 3 times but it was well worth the wait. 1080p @ 60fps with all the settings maxed out looks amazing. 20/10 Jumped off a helicopter without a parachute and lived. Would do again.
game-hours: 17.4
review: awesome game
game-hours: 47.8
review: I was not a gta fan i hated all previous version but this game is awsome!
game-hours: 10.7
review: 10/10 Would Play Again :)
game-hours: 28.0
review: EDIT: I can open it now. Can't even open it. 11/10
game-hours: 35.5
review: B-)
game-hours: 33.8
review: I waited 3 years and now I can kill people in 4K.
game-hours: 75.2
review: Great so stable at launch and very well done
game-hours: 16.1
review: 5*
game-hours: 36.6
review: 10   10
game-hours: 70.6
review: I've been a fan of Grand Theft Auto for many years, solely playing on the Playstation platforms since Vice City Stories. Rockstar has fallen short on PC ports everytime, ESPECIALLY with GTA IV. However, this time around is a different story. Rockstar developed this game partially in parallel with the console versions rather than sloppily porting the game from the console version over to PC. They did a phenomonal job. PERFORMANCE: I have a GTX 970, i5 4690k, and 16gb's of RAM. I am able to max basically all graphical options while achieving a solid 60fps. This excludes high res shadows, extended distance detailing, and whatever else is included in the Advanced Graphics page. These options eat up performance for little value in return. If you have a lower end system that meets minimum specs, you will have no trouble running this game as long as you do not mind turning some settings down. THINGS TO NOTE: - The PC version seamlessly integrates Gamepad play, so you can use your keyboad for shooting and your controller for driving and find no issues switching over while you play. - You can add your own music to a custom radio station which is traditional for PC versions of GTA. I'm glad they carried this over! However, many people are running into performance issues such as texture pop-ins and major framerate decreases when listening to the custom station deemed "Self Radio". I have not ran into any of these issues. All in all, this is, with no contest, the definitive version of Grand Theft Auto V.
game-hours: 15.8
review: I think this game is awesome i had cople of issues now their gone and now i'm playing it all time when i can!
game-hours: 33.3
review: If yopu like horse  in your  then this is the game for you
game-hours: 24.7
review: Epic!!!
game-hours: 82.3
review: Absolutely perfect. GTA Online is such a chaos world and it is really excited. With my GTX 850M and normal setting but the graphic are still more realistic than my city and 45 - 52 fps is just a fantastic expirement.
game-hours: 59.1
review: Spent 2 hours collecting nuclear waste underwater while listening to Mexican pop. 10/10
game-hours: 53.7
review: BEST GAME EVER! I PLAY THIS GAME 14 HOURS! 8 hours for sleep, 14 hours for GTA, 2 hours to eat bro!
game-hours: 15.8
review: For all of you complaining about the game not working on launch day realize this - Its a launch day. That being said, on launch day, a few hours after it had unlocked, I got into single player without a problem, and Social Club was not bothersome. This is hands down the best PC product Rockstar has done, even better than Max Payne 3 (an amazing port by the way) This is not a port, but instead what feels like something that was engineered from the bottom up to be on the leading platform, and its minumin specs even let you play it on a video card thats from the mid 2000s. After playing this on a 360, its just like how I wanted to remember it, now with a great keyboard and mouse control scheme. Most Rockstar Ports measure your performance via the amount of VRAM thats been allocated for your card. To produce a great image on screen, 2GB would be good. For fully maxed out, its best to go for a 4GB card. However, I myself use more than the game says I should, and it runs fine, with the highest texuture settings. A few technical highlights.... -You get raw mouse input for zero mouse acceleration -Borderless window, works well. -Tons of options for shaders, post processing, AA, Anti Aliasing... even grass. -This game supports BOTH AMD and Nvidia exclusive tech. Woot! Is it worth $60? Unless you commit your life to the new Rockstar Editor, the fact stil remains that this is a two year old game, which is now, granted, on the platform of choice. However, I strongly suggest you wait until a sale. (As of writing this, we're looking at about a couple of months away from a steam summer sale, wait then.) It is clear that any delay for this game is completly justified, since the end result is a well oiled product, something that is becoming rare nowadays. Finally, we have a proper Grand Theft Auto game, and it just so happens to be the best one in the series.
game-hours: 37.4
review: 144 > 30 console peasants
game-hours: 49.9
review: GG
game-hours: 21.3
review: FIRST IMPRESSION: See my profile for PC specs. (Please note I have played the game on PS3, PS4, and now this (COMPARISON AT THE BOTTOM) (I also had an issue with launching the game, see below) I will start by saying (see below for game review) I didn't expect to run this game so well, on a laptop with a nVidia GT 650m 2GB. It's a 3 year old card so I didn't feel like I would push the settings up to high. So lets start with graphical. Rockstar really have done well with the minimum requirements, With my laptop an Alienware m14x r2, I was able to have ALL settings on either High, or Normal and the game still looks better than the console version. While they are locked to 30fps I was getting a low of 48 and a high of 64 fps including in the city, in the air, and during rush hour on the highways. NOTE: Couldn't run MSAA as I ran out of video memory (2GB) but AF was at 16x without loss. OK onto the game itself. First off the first impressions when I ran the game. Well. it took me a solid hour to figure out why it wouldn't even load. I had to disable my nVidia card (I use Optimus) then reenable it at the menu screen to get the game to run. Once it had I quickly played through the prologue to get a feel for the controls. I will say I had to look into the button bindings when I couldn't do something I needed to. So memorize those buttons! The Story is what you'd expect from Rockstar, full of drugs, sex and violence, I wouldn't mind playing through again in the beautiful detail. You can play up to 3 characters as they go on a journey to ravish Los Santos of its moneys, dealing with corruption, sexually active tv presenters and Lindsay Lohan clones. GTA 5 was the first GTA game I ever finished and I loved it. There is also plenty to do afterwards. OK onto online. It let me transfer my PS4 character which I transfered from my PS3 with no hassle including the bonus preorder cash. I didn't suffer any lag but maybe that was because I was alone in the server.. Not sure if that is my settings or a server issue. Overall, owning the PS3, PC and PS4 version, the story, online and the graphics LET ALONE STEAM INTEGRATION is enough to force me off the consoles and onto the PC version. COMPARRISON. If you have a PS3/xBox360 and own a PS4/Xbone or PC. Please make the jump to Next Gen or PC, the graphics alone are worth it, but make it a PC version if you want fluid motion with over 40fps+ on a decent system with settings near the max.
game-hours: 46.7
review: 10/10 A console pleb in my skype call got angry at me for having 60+ fps would wait 2 years again
game-hours: 69.6
review: , .                . 10   10  !!
game-hours: 85.8
review: i can die happy now, i have finally played grand theft auto v
game-hours: 25.6
review: Too soon to post a review? No, not at all, because this game's been a year and a half coming and if you honestly haven't played it yet, despite your platform bias, then you really missed out on a great gaming experience. However, for those of you who were craving the experience of a next-generation Grand Theft Auto from the comfort of your own PC, then have I got news for you: Grand Theft Auto V has finally arrived on Steam, fully optimized for the true PC gaming experience. The game looks better than the Xbox One and the Playstation 4, if you can believe it (which you probably can). PC Grand Theft Auto V comes with all of the content released up to this point on the consoles with a few neat additional features. The Rockstar Editor allows you to create your own movies. The game comes with a "FPS camera view" that's surprisingly fully functional (disorienting, though). The game has full controller support, but works just as fine with the Keyboard and Mouse. I personally run the Xbox One controller for driving and flight, Keyboard and Mouse for everything else. Launch-day stability, at least for me, has been pretty good -- I only crashed once in the past six hours I've been playing. I've heard that some folks have been running into issues getting the game pre-loaded, but I had no such issues so I can't really speak on their behalf. I have no problem recommending this game. It's been a long time coming and I know a lot of folks are bitter towards Rockstar for taking their sweet time, but the end-product is worth it. I ran the game on the following rig: i5-4690k @ 3.5 (No overclocking done) ASUS Strix GeForce GTX 970 8 GB DDR3 1600 hz MSI Z97 Gaming 5 Motherboard With MSAA turned off (everything else at maximum) and V-Sync turned on I'm able to achieve fluctuating frames between 55 and 60 frames per second.
game-hours: 43.7
review: little kid simulator scream in chat forcin u to mute vc
game-hours: 88.7
review: It's like playing R21 The Sims, there's nothing not to love about GTA 5.
game-hours: 45.4
review: Yes
game-hours: 19.5
review: Amazing
game-hours: 81.4
review: 10/banana
game-hours: 18.9
review: O jogo est fantstico, grficos lindos, s agradeo aos consoles por testarem as verses Alpha e BETA, valeu mesmo.. pq a verso FINAL est linda nos PCS. Recomendo demais esse jogo, lembrei muito de GTA SAN ANDREAS que  outro excelente jogo..  isso, se curte a franquia GTA, pode comprar que  show esse aqui.. NOTA 10.
game-hours: 8.8
review: AWESOME, THIS GAME IS AWESOME. THE GRAPHICS, EVERYTHING!
game-hours: 17.5
review: How could I possibly give this top one sandbox game a bad comment? Definitely awesome! Rockstar Games postponed this game like three or four times, it might make some people critisize the game itself because of that. I think it totally worth waiting. Good graphic optimization and integrated contents, even including the groundbreaking first person camera view, are not something you could see every day on PC games. Totally worth trying, don't let the price scare you!
game-hours: 37.9
review: The long awaited wait is finally over.... I just want to say, as a decades old GTA fan, I've own every game leading to this. However, due to life changes, I have been forced to limit my expenditure into upgrading my gaming laptop, 2012 Republic of Gamers G74sx. Prior to buying GTA V, I was almost hesitant to withdraw and focus myself elsewhere....but I'm glad I didnt. This game runs FLAWLESSLY at 50-60fps on a 2012 rig. So if you are worried about graphical complications, look no further. Rockstar's optimization is surely a hundreds times better than their attempt at GTA IV for PC.
game-hours: 30.3
review: been playing this on the ps3 and the ps4, but wasnt able to finish the campaign.. i guess you save the best for last? i tell you the pc version is the best! awesome graphics! very well done rockstar! the game is optimized very well!!!
game-hours: 80.2
review: Very smooth and beautiful gameplay running 1080p high settings average 60 fps, best port evah
game-hours: 68.5
review: One of the greatest games ever made just got even better!
game-hours: 35.0
review: cop stole my car. 10/10 would vacation again
game-hours: 47.0
review: Never thought I would say this... I think this was worth the 1 1/2 years we waited for. R* you really pulled through on this one. Game runs like a dream, looks amazing, and (besides some weird mouse sensitivity issues) has little to no bugs. Absolutly worth every penny, even at full price. Now if you don't mind, I'm just going to spend every waking hour I have left in Los Santos for now...
game-hours: 83.8
review: According to the 2010 census China has a population of 1,339,724,852. Apparently they all play GTA Online.
game-hours: 23.4
review: Man this is how the game was meant to be played. Also they brought back the Dukes and Blista if you transfer data from the old consols. Also they brought back the Dodo...as a muthain' sea plane!
game-hours: 80.8
review: Most people got their game running, and a few don't, its maybe on their side not the game, first time I installed it on launch day its smooth and running, maxxed everything out and I AM happy with the result! from 90-120 fps on high and 60-80 fps on ultra/very high, over all I am happy with the game, been playing it since it launched on the 360, money well spent! recommended to all of gamers out there (not for kids tho)
game-hours: 18.5
review: Game is greatly optimized.Runs Fluently 50-60 fps all the time graphics maxed out. Stunning detail the best GTA that was ever made. Rockstar this time you delivreed what you promised and more. Would Buy Again 10/10
game-hours: 15.0
review: Logged in online, spawnkilled and ganked 10/10
game-hours: 1.5
review: GTA plays well @60fps! Now, thats all you need to hear folks!
game-hours: 81.4
review: 10/banana
game-hours: 54.4
review: Great story, great heists, awesome cars. Love this game.
game-hours: 62.1
review: 100% worth it
game-hours: 133.2
review: Awesome game, runs smooth as silk on my EVGA GTX 970 FTW EDITION. Game loads up fairly quiker then on consol. Game never drops below 70-80 frams and stays in around 90-120 on Very High Settings. Driving is awesome, same with the flying, but you need to get used to the flying a bit. All I can say is that it was worth the wait! 10/10 Only down side is that there are a few bugs in the game when doing hiests / missions when you freeze up on one screen. Also I get maybe a few lag spikes ever 5-10 minutes which is no biggy, and can be imporved in future patches!
game-hours: 24.2
review: its gud m8 buy now
game-hours: 23.7
review: It's finally here and I can say it is well worth the wait, the game looks great and runs very well with max settings. Rockstar did a great job on this.
game-hours: 52.7
review: Wonderful !!!!!!!!!!! it worked just fine ! " thank god "
game-hours: 104.2
review: Grand Theft Auto can be said to be one of my favorite games.For this GTA V, for God's sake, brother this game is simply too praised! Game details the deal very good.Details of the extent of almost frenzied do.The wound will heal wounded....Anyway, I can not express it in simple language..Definitely worth your experience~
game-hours: 31.3
review: 10/10 Highlights Drank so much whiskey I died of alcohol posioning. First person is amazing Best Strip club simulator
game-hours: 14.8
review: Best loading simutator 2015! 10/10 - IGN
game-hours: 30.3
review: been playing this on the ps3 and the ps4, but wasnt able to finish the campaign.. i guess you save the best for last? i tell you the pc version is the best! awesome graphics! very well done rockstar! the game is optimized very well!!!
game-hours: 47.4
review: I've spent a lot of money on this game alone for all of the different platforms. Have to say after playing it so far on PC it feels like a new game to me. Vastly improved graphics, audio, gameplay. Much better played on PC. Will be playing this for a long time to come.
game-hours: 29.1
review: A wise man once said GTA causes anxiety problems, huge erections, mood swings, bipolar disorder, loss of life, breakups of relationships, racism, maniacal laughter and deterioration of your sleep habits. Would recommend 10/10
game-hours: 37.3
review: Excellence in one 60 Gig package. Runs at way more than 60fps, I know this because I'm having screen tearing issues. So to fix that, I turned on vSync. It's GPU v-RAM hungry so be sure to have a 4GB GPU if you want to run on max settings. I run high-very high mainly and my CPU is the AMD FX-8350. My GPU is Geforce GTX 760 2GB. It only eats up 1500Megs of my v-RAM with my settings. BUY THE HELL OUT OF THIS GAME! IT REALLY IS EXCELLENT!
game-hours: 14.5
review: Game works for me, looks great, runs great. But here is a little food for thought. For everyone who pre ordered and is ing YOU ARE THE PROBLEM!!! Stop PRE ORDERING!!! This day in age you can follow tons of youtubers whos job it is to give you a review and they could tell you to hold onto your 70$ till this game gets patched. You will  and cry all day and demand your money back but you WONT....it will get patched....and you will end up pre ordering GTA 6 or any other game that offers you a pre order with a **special bundle** you all fuel this kind of shoddy work and guess what?! as long as these companies still get pre order money they are obliged to launch a game on the date they stated instead of doing what they did back in the day and delay the launch/release. I will say from looking at all the reviews negitive and positive this game might not be for everyone just until you can play the game without sorting through files and going through the steps that game devs get paid for. Also for anyone who wants to know I did NOT pre order. To clarify I recommend this game but from 14k of total users who wrote comments it looks as though 20ish% cant play this game without a hassle. So if you like to gamble go for it but dont . You have been warned
game-hours: 28.6
review: Great game, great port. Was there ever any doubt?
game-hours: 27.6
review: This game has everything, and it rusn even better than Gta IV 10/10
game-hours: 29.2
review: My girlfriend dumped me right when GTA V got released, will never stop playing this game again...
game-hours: 10.0
review: Game is very well optimized, even better than GTA 4, it's Max Payne 3 level optimized. Also looks great in 60fps ultra settings, always have a blast playing this w/friends. Recommended.
game-hours: 70.3
review: I'm just happy to be here.
game-hours: 14.8
review: its GTAV! what can i say?? XD
game-hours: 24.1
review: Can't run it too well because of bad PC but it looked great. 10/10
game-hours: 160.2
review: 10/10 almost worth the wait.
game-hours: 19.9
review: Took 3 days to install just so I could play as a rich dude, a  looking guy, and a stoner. Worth/10
game-hours: 6.4
review: Video editor allows me to make 'Cat Stomp Compilations' so this game is a 10/10
game-hours: 89.9
review: Fun :)
game-hours: 88.9
review: It's a masterpiece. I give it a 10/10
game-hours: 92.2
review: Tis' a masterpiece, give it a 0/10, fam.
game-hours: 32.6
review: Great optimization, runs well even on a budget gaming system and looks awesome.
game-hours: 23.9
review: This game is worlds apart from GTA IV PC, this game runs flawlessly on my system (780sli, i5 4670k) at 5760x1080 with everything pretty well maxed out at 60+ fps. Big props to RockStar for giving us perfectly optimized game. 10/10
game-hours: 89.1
review: It's like playing R21 The Sims, there's nothing not to love about GTA 5.
game-hours: 13.2
review: After 2 years of porting to PC, hopefuly its worth the wait.
game-hours: 10.7
review: 10/10 Would Play Again :)
game-hours: 19.5
review: Amazing
game-hours: 60.9
review: Great game, worth the wait. Very well optimised in comparison to the previous releases.
game-hours: 11.7
review: oh, must game guys, must game
game-hours: 66.0
review: Grand Theft Auto: V PC > Real life.
game-hours: 6.1
review: I AM IN LOVE WITH THIS GAME <3
game-hours: 42.7
review: SOOOO GOOOOOOD!
game-hours: 123.6
review: It's fun. Play it.
game-hours: 44.8
review: Yeah.It's a good game...I5+ GT635M can run this game at medium effect...But too many bugs.BUGS.BUGS.
game-hours: 54.2
review: First day back in Los Santos: Smoked weed and shot aliens with a minigun. 11/10
game-hours: 38.2
review: Well what you gotta do is slap your grandmother in the face your welcome 10/10.
game-hours: 40.4
review: Fantasic and emersive game, I just can't stop playing. Not encountered any bugs so far, and it runs very smooth on my comp. GTX 770 and an old i5 proc runs it above 60 FPS with some settings reduced to High.
game-hours: 28.0
review: It worth every penny I spent. 1. I get a Payday 2. I get a NFS 3. I get a stock market simulator 4. I get a TonyHawk game 5. I get a Flight Simulator 6. I get a best onrail shooting game 7. I get a free tennis game 8. Too much more to explore Not to forget it got another free GTA Online
game-hours: 23.6
review: 8/8 would masterbate...
game-hours: 28.7
review: Can take selfies and pictures of cats. 11/10
game-hours: 28.9
review: One of the best games of the decade. Really fun with a great port. Amazing story and singleplayer mode with a multiplayer mode that is not as good as single player but still REALLY fun and has a lot of depth and things to do. Great port but a lot of people have problems with it. (There are solutions for most of them). R* really did a great job with the port and I was really scared this game wouldn't run on my crap PC. Glad it does! Worth a purchase at full price.
game-hours: 34.1
review: I remember that I accidently dropped my Xbox 360 with the GTA V disc in it. The disc broke and I couldn't play anymore. So I waited for PC. When I finnaly knew that it will came to april the 14th I was so excited. Just the hype from the Xbox 360 release. I really like this game, the graphics are amazing. It couldn't be better. I will continue to play this game and continue to enjoy it.
game-hours: 80.9
review: One word says it "Masterpiece"
game-hours: 52.6
review: Have to say ive been waiting for this to come to pc for ages and im not disapointed i feel that the additional content and FPS mashup theyve done is well executed the way the game looks is just beutiful right down to the make moddle and serial number on the rifles in the first person view is very nice Multiplayer community is a little more respectful about kos i mean there are a few but i feel that the ability to drive past your fellow players without them pulling a gun on you right away like on consol in nice ive had a few good firefights that have left my heart raceing dont get me wrong but this is only enhanced with the FPS option. made me feel like i was actualy there there is the issues of loss of frame rate and occationaly connection issues but im sure those will be worked out soon (hopeing) there devs are usualy on the ball when things arrise to do with the game issues side of things but hey what goes for consol dosent always go for pc so so far im impressed if they keep developing the multiplayer i dont see why people wont buy the game just for the multiplayer alone Single player is again long plenty to do and alot of side stories to do as well as the other random stuff that goes down infront of you i had a guy drive up and loose his wheel right infront of me the sad thing is he broke my winsheild with his wheel :V so like any respectful british person with a nice attitude i got out and kindly introduced him to my fists and beat him up and stole his wallet :D
game-hours: 3.7
review: Not recommended unless you have a good computer. I have a modern laptop, and it runs like s***. Other than that tho, the port for PC is AMAZING. I reccommend this for all you good computered-persons-
game-hours: 20.7
review: Great Port to the PC unlike its predecessor GTA IV no bugs or glitches present although it is quite cpu heavy i recommend a 4ghz oc cpu cos thats what ive got and i run at constant 60fps on the highest settings
game-hours: 63.4
review: Hey its GTA what do you expect...
game-hours: 7.4
review: I havent played since xbox 360 and now i love it. Worth your money and time
game-hours: 25.5
review: It took 1 year and 6 months and was delayed 3 times but it was well worth the wait. 1080p @ 60fps with all the settings maxed out looks amazing. 20/10 Jumped off a helicopter without a parachute and lived. Would do again.
game-hours: 17.4
review: awesome game
game-hours: 47.8
review: I was not a gta fan i hated all previous version but this game is awsome!
game-hours: 44.2
review: Worth the wait.
game-hours: 15.2
review: Grand Theft Auto V has never looked better ! Now its even working in OCULUS RIFT DK 2 !!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 32.5
review: Finally this great game is released, and here is my review , Graphics 10/10 - Performance 10/10,I'm enjoying a 45-60 FPS in this game with a gtx 760 2GB and a i5 4670k with no overclocking, the game is simply amazing, im shocked that my pc can run this game with a good performance (with my own customized settings , I did record some of it for guys who have a setup like me, link below, Thanks for the great game Rockstar !
game-hours: 65.8
review: LOVE IT !! its just awesome the online with couple of friends and just own the city :) 11/10
game-hours: 29.5
review: nice one R
game-hours: 11.7
review: Works like a charm even on an older system (i7-2600k, GTX 570, 8gigs of RAM). Though you need really strong hardware to enjoy more-than-a-console type of graphics. Anyway, Rockstar came through with their promise of optimisation. Great game, great PC version. 10/11, would would again. Edit: Quick tip - if you're using the latest nVidia drivers and nVidia GeForce Experience just find the game in your Experience app and click optimize. It did wonders to me. Everything looks so nice and it doesn't drop FPS much if at all.
game-hours: 40.4
review: 10/10 Great Port (or at least seams to be so far) wouldn't revise again.
game-hours: 67.0
review: I hear everywhere that people can't launch this game. People, if you can't even launch the game it's probably because your computer isn't good enough. This game works like a charm, both singleplayer and multiplayer, which comes as a shock because I expected GTA Online to be unstable for a week at least. Never mind that. Game is great, Franklin is black, Michael is best character, end of story.
game-hours: 73.6
review: Bought GTA 5 for the 3rd time, totally worth every penny. Using 4K DSR+Ultra settings on GTX 970 is so awesome, definitely 10/10 <3
game-hours: 11.1
review: HIGHLY ADDICTIVE! Most Detailed game ever!
game-hours: 45.2
review: Its the ultimate version. Runs well on a decent but not bleeding edge PC, as well as my friend's low end PC. Beyond that, its GTA V and its playable, I dont think I need to go much more length than that. All that said, it does have some issues that I assume will be patched. For instance, the AI during missions are generated by the host in online, which is usually fine except when that person has a piece of garbage PC. In that instance the game will drop your framerate to the host's framerate when you get up close, which is horrifying. Beyond that its everything we wanted and probably one of the best looking games I've ever seen. It is well worth the cost, and I wholly recommend it.
game-hours: 38.1
review: Grand Theft Loading.
game-hours: 47.5
review: Amazing! Few MINOR issues at start but now all is good! getting between 60 and 120fps constantly all on VERY high.
game-hours: 62.4
review: Stunning graphics, awesome characters and story. This is the game of the century by far. 9.5/10
game-hours: 25.5
review: I lik it
game-hours: 36.1
review: GTA 5. You've either played it by now, or you have seen someone play it. If you haven't yet, you either have done a great job managing to avoid one of the most popular games for the last few years or you are resilient and have been waiting for the ultimate version to come out on the superior machine. Well, it's finally here. The ultimate edition of GTA 5. 60 FPS, 1080p, and upgraded graphics. This game truly looks incredible. One fear many people had about this version of GTA was whether or not the port was going to be of Max Payne 3 quality or GTA 4 quality. Thankfully it appears to have landed on the Max Payne 3 side of Rockstar quality. There is a lot of hate for GTA, because of the open ended nature of the game. Many do not enjoy the story, or would rather just cause havok in Los Santos. Causing havok is plenty of fun, but can get stale after a while which is why I love the story so much. The story is overflowing with personality, odd characters, likable characters and downright scumbags. There is plenty of variety to keep the story moving and it stays fresh right to the very end. I haven't touched the online yet, but from what I've read it is overall enjoyable and should keep the life of GTA going for a few years. I just need to find out whether Rockstar will allow modding for GTA 5 or not. That will truely determine if GTA 5 is going to have a long lifespan or eventually fade out from people's libraries.
game-hours: 42.9
review: Spent two hours waiting for this be unpacked, while sitting on the hype train, After spending two years waiting for it to be realized. Launched the game had to make a Social Club, the servers were dying because rockstar could not comphrend the superior power of the master race, Finally got to get into the actual game, Pfft Game auto set to 800x600 For the console Peasants alright, spend twenty minutes changing graphics to the Optimal Master Race specs. Game looks great runs smooth. Played through the Intro nice, decided to try to play online, Again Rockstar didn't count the number of slaves from GTA IV online was down. So, whatever game looks nice might as well play the campaign. Two hours later, Try to play online again it actually worked, but glitchy as the console. 100-200 Cars but only in the color black. shoot a car until it explodes. Car Hell. Steal a viper from some kid, sell it go to bed. Spent the entire Launch night wandering around waiting and making mass suicide runs while in Skype call with five other Master Race  riding the hype train all night.
game-hours: 90.4
review: Very well optimized, even for old toaster setups. 1680x1050 with a GTX 660ti and a i7 920 CPU at the stock 2.6ghz has no issues maintaining 50-60fps in every area I've been to so far, most settings medium to high. There was some pretty glaring stutter at the auto graphics settings, but reducing soft shadow quality fixed it. Population density is still nearly maxed out, and the world feels alive because of it. Rockstar was wise to take their time with the PC release, they definitely didn't want a rehash of the GTA 4 release fiasco. So if your specs are greater than mine listed above, you should have no issues running the game at high settings. It's just as fun as it was the day I brought it home on the 360 - Only this time its even better.
game-hours: 11.7
review: Wow... what a game. I pre-loaded this sometime over the weekend waiting for 4/14 but was released a bit earlier on the 13th. I've had this game on all the generations, 360, One, and now PC. Let me tell you something... I honestly looked at the trailers and pictures for the pc and thought "Well, this doesn't look that much differnet for such a delay." Until I pressed play... (I did have the Windows Account Error - Which was an easy fix for me.) The game is just purely stunning and the crisp sounds of engine and rifles. The story line... now that is an amazment that would keep you entertained for days and days! The GTA Online dlcs; some may be bad but then you have massive ones such as GTA Online Heists which is just spectacular. This game could bring hundreds of hours of fun once you really get into it!
game-hours: 27.5
review: We all waited for this.
game-hours: 41.5
review: Best Game Ever i love it :D
game-hours: 41.8
review: even my 3 years old laptop can handle GTA V I3-3110m and GT 630M BEST GAME EVER 11/10 Rockstar again proving that they're way ahead of other game companies!
game-hours: 6.7
review: Went to a friends appartment and watched TV for 2 hours. 10/10 Would watch American TV again
game-hours: 38.9
review: GTA 5 itself is a very fun game and the PC version makes it feel even better
game-hours: 14.7
review: 10/10 Would follow the train again CJ
game-hours: 80.9
review: 3.5 years of waiting finally have paid off! 10/10
game-hours: 89.0
review: This game has to be one of the most handsome looking games to date. The game comes in a very smooth 60fps. It looks like Rockstar has learned from their previous mistake, *cough* cough* gta 4 *cough* and optimized the living hell out of this game. I also did not have problems connecting to online the first day. The only downside to this mode is the freakishly long loading times. Other than that, this game is very good, and if you have a powerful enough computer to run this no problem, then i suggest revisiting Los Santos one more time, in 60fps. It would be worth the money.
game-hours: 10.7
review: Game is good but, can confirm that stripper tetties are still hexgons. i cri evre tim ;_;
game-hours: 36.8
review: If you can't get this game to run do us a solid and just walk into Lake Michigan. Game is great buy it.
game-hours: 60.5
review: The game is well optimized and it was was worth waiting for. The Director Mode is quite fun and is a good reason to buy the game, even if you already bought it before. You can play as characters from the story, pedestrians and even animals. (You can use your online character in single player). Play as any character like the Republican Space Ranger and you can enable cheats, making you feel like a superhero. You'll be able to make some really creative movies with all the options they've given you, an improvement over GTA 4. They've also added a custom radio station as well. This is truly the ultimate version of GTA 5 and I highly recommend it.
game-hours: 13.0
review: Finally some real life graphics compared to ps4
game-hours: 35.8
review: 7/10 because of the workarounds to make it work
game-hours: 39.1
review: TRY LAUNCHING THE GAME WITH INTERNET DISABLED IF IT KEEPS CRASHING! WORKED FOR MY FRIEND!
game-hours: 55.1
review: Well so far so good the game is good i love the way it looks i mean other than the fps drops and trying to get the launcher to stop crashing for almost 2 hours its pretty solid game. I fixed my launcher crash by disabling my anti virus and it loaded and played fine after that. anyways other than those issues i give it a 8/10
game-hours: 50.9
review: Absolutely amazing. Everything is fun from the missions and heists that you do to the fun mini-games that you can play like tennis, darts, parachuting, and racing. What makes this GTA stand out most is its brand online gaming mode which enables players to play a wide variety of different game modes and earn levels and money. It's an incredibly polished game and a huge leap from GTA IV which was also an excellent game. If you're a fan of GTA, you must get this. This is the culminating point of fun and the best sand-box game ever developed thus far.
game-hours: 39.7
review: You don't need mine or anyone else's opinion on why this is the best game that ever was, instead I'll use this space to give you guys some troubleshooting info: Game won't start (Win 7) - Make sure you have Service pack 1 installed (win 7) This fixes most Social Club issues. - Make sure you have the latest drivers. - .Net framework 4.5 is required - Disable Antivirus and Firewall for installation Low FPS with good hardware - Turn of high res shadows - Take PostFX down a notch - Use FXAA only For very high end systems (980, 780ti, 970, 290x etc) - Watch the "memory meter" for Vram, when setting up game, and add about 20-25% to get a real number of vram usage. - Push settings up, one thing I've noticed is game runs much better when pushing the hardware. Happy Gaming
game-hours: 57.1
review: Nice touch for fun gaming, GTA V online, heist, etc like every single roleplay
game-hours: 82.7
review: Game runs great! Really well optimized! GTA Online works flawlessly, I have not had any problems with lag or bugs. The singleplayer story is the same, its interesting and intreaguing. In my 25h of game time (that 25h was all on GTA Online) I have come across 1 bug that has happened 3 times, the bug made it impossible for me to play a mission, it locked the camera on my character's face, restarting the mission fixed it. That bug will probably be fixed in a patch soon. One note about GTA Online though, in my opinion you need friends to play with, otherwise it will be boring, but thats just my opionion. What can I say, GTA V on PC is awsome and you should buy it. Rockstar worked hard on this game and the results are clear. 10/10
game-hours: 72.9
review: Worth the wait. EVERYTHING on highest settings stable @ 60~ fps w/GTX 780 I'm pretty happy with the game, it runs so well. Heists is a lot of fun and is actually pretty hard. Do you like GTA? If yes, BUY IT!
game-hours: 54.9
review: awesome game in the world :)
game-hours: 73.8
review: It's fun playing with mates, tho the loading is too long.
game-hours: 63.2
review: Epic..
game-hours: 32.0
review: Gr8 B8 M8 I R8 8/8 M8 JK Gta is the best game ever had no problems transfering from PS3 If anyone wanna play with me on pc my socialclub id: Rmc4Gaming -Rmc
game-hours: 60.7
review: so many people complain about the RGSC account ? first of all , I'm playing this game since the day one. it takes a long time for unpacking thus files . probably about 30 minutes . but i think the rest of all it's ok so far. ya know .. what's the difference between RGSC and Uplay ??? i knw that feel bro :') ok, so lets talk about the gameplay . I guess rockstar did an incredible job . I regret to pre order watch_dogs but all relieved after I pre-order this one :) ( it's true mate ) I'm using GTX 970 gaming on my cpu. i got 60fps .run smooth , shiny and soft, between 55-60 with set of high - ultra #PcMasterRace :D do not forget to download the latest drivers because it affects the performance of the game this is the perfect game i ever played !!! <3 R* but RGSC kinda sucks :/
game-hours: 30.9
review: Spendind the whole time smoking weed. 4/20
game-hours: 7.7
review: i deleted origin so i could have enough space to unpack this game 420/10
game-hours: 17.8
review: It's good cuz The mobile internet browsing FEELS like browsing the internet
game-hours: 30.2
review: I have been waiting 2 years for the game to come on PC, during that time I have been playing on the Xbox 360 and I was impressed still. Hopefully they will release GTA 6 straight away for the PC in the future
game-hours: 31.9
review: Dank dank dank
game-hours: 48.1
review: Now I can get a private dance from a stripper in Ultra graphics and 200FPS. Well done Rockstar! #HeilGaben
game-hours: 19.3
review: This game 10/10 is better then the console version. The aiming, the community, the experience, just about everything. Definately recommend this game to everyone/anyone wanting a fun online and first person shooter experience.
game-hours: 17.4
review: awesome
game-hours: 149.9
review: my online characters got eyeliner and golden hair when the character transfer finished 10/10
game-hours: 81.4
review: ... Love it way better then console.
game-hours: 87.0
review: Better than fiddling with a pencil for 5 minutes.
game-hours: 39.4
review: I have nothing to say about this perfect game. Well optimized, great environment atmosphere. This game runs perfectly well on my gtx 880m. I don't really encounter launch issue so I don't know why that's even possible, and what's causing it. P.S.: Don't be fooled by the review (by the time of the writing, it's mostly positive [79%]). Grab it when you have money, you won't regret it by paying the game for full price. If you encounter any issue, you can always ask the support guys who's much better than EA.
game-hours: 27.9
review: You can rob convinient stores with your friends, wearing only leapord skin underwear. Do I even need to rate this game?
game-hours: 1.2
review: Masterpiece creation! Game of the Year 2015 clearly,on par with hits such as Assassins Creed Unity  !   2015 ,      Assassins Creed Unity
game-hours: 70.2
review: Greatest of great, love this great, great!
game-hours: 6.3
review: Good game.
game-hours: 59.4
review: 10/10 Finally came to PC!! if you have $60 to buy this game do it! it's so worth
game-hours: 41.1
review: Oh boy,GTA V on the PC The textures,the fps everything so perfect But the best thing about this game is that its actually fun Driving around Los Santos mountains with your friends on an pick up truck Driving around the city while your friends shoot out of the windows killing some noobs Flying a plane across the map with your crew and jumping out to skydive Robbing a bank to get some money to spend on hookers The list goes on and on baby
game-hours: 42.3
review: Awesome, AWESOME game. Paid full price and got a full experience. 10/10, undoubtedly.
game-hours: 40.0
review: Taunted people as Trevor, got whole block after me. 10/10
game-hours: 60.7
review: so many people complain about the RGSC account ? first of all , I'm playing this game since the day one. it takes a long time for unpacking thus files . probably about 30 minutes . but i think the rest of all it's ok so far. ya know .. what's the difference between RGSC and Uplay ??? i knw that feel bro :') ok, so lets talk about the gameplay . I guess rockstar did an incredible job . I regret to pre order watch_dogs but all relieved after I pre-order this one :) ( it's true mate ) I'm using GTX 970 gaming on my cpu. i got 60fps .run smooth , shiny and soft, between 55-60 with set of high - ultra #PcMasterRace :D do not forget to download the latest drivers because it affects the performance of the game this is the perfect game i ever played !!! <3 R* but RGSC kinda sucks :/
game-hours: 27.7
review: Incredible game, even works on fairly low-end pc's and to everyone who can't even start the game, you need to go into devices and printers and deactivate your graphics card and then launch gta, and enable the graphics card as soon as gta is about to begin.
game-hours: 119.2
review: 10/10 literally played for 10 hours non-stop and never once thought to quit...I may have a problem.
game-hours: 71.5
review: 3 words: God bless America!
game-hours: 55.1
review: Well so far so good the game is good i love the way it looks i mean other than the fps drops and trying to get the launcher to stop crashing for almost 2 hours its pretty solid game. I fixed my launcher crash by disabling my anti virus and it loaded and played fine after that. anyways other than those issues i give it a 8/10
game-hours: 50.9
review: Absolutely amazing. Everything is fun from the missions and heists that you do to the fun mini-games that you can play like tennis, darts, parachuting, and racing. What makes this GTA stand out most is its brand online gaming mode which enables players to play a wide variety of different game modes and earn levels and money. It's an incredibly polished game and a huge leap from GTA IV which was also an excellent game. If you're a fan of GTA, you must get this. This is the culminating point of fun and the best sand-box game ever developed thus far.
game-hours: 37.4
review: This is exactly what I've been waiting for, for the past 2 years ever since GTA V was released for console back in 2013. This game is well optimized, feels responsive and runs like butter. I'm currently playing on a 3 year old gaming desktop with a GTX570, 6GB's of RAM and an Intel i7 Quad-Core 960 on a 144hz monitor with V-sync turned on and it's locked and runs constantly on that framerate (with the exception that it dips down a little bit when there's a bit to much happening on the screen at once) Currently running the game on Normal-High and it feels great. The 60FPS+ is exactly what I needed after playing this game on Xbox360/Ps3/Ps4 for so long in 30FPS and sometimes dipping below because it's console y'know :^) GTA V is the ultimate open world game and it feels like the best one yet from Rockstar. GTA IV had it's moments but you reached the limits to the game once you beat the game on a 100%. The fifth installment has it all and it even has GTA Online that expands upon the newly added "Heists" mode that you can do with friends and other cool stuff to do such as jobs, various competetive gamemodes and the Rockstar editor that gives you the ability to craft your own gamemodes and etc. But the best thing about the game for me personally, is the singleplayer. The singleplayer adds a new twist to the storymode giving you the ability to play as 3 characters instead of one, all with their different and unique playstyles. The voice acting, animations and enviroment makes it all pretty immersive and realistic. The satyrical reimaging of modern day California is both hilarious and true at the same time. The best feature Rockstar has added, has to be the "1st person" mode that builds upon traditional FPS controls and at the same time has the same button layout as normal GTA controls. For me, GTA V is probably one of the best games I have ever played. This is the 3rd time I bought it, but it was worth it. I'm really happy with what Rockstar did and I really appreciate the time and effort they put into making and giving us the best GTA experience possible. So please, buy this game, BUY IT! :D
game-hours: 61.7
review: It's Grand Theft Auto V. It's on PC. It looks amazing. Multiplayer has had no issues. Singleplayer has no issues. I've already spent 10+ hours just killing hookers.
game-hours: 103.7
review: Im in the middle in terms of recomending this game, mainly because of these things, one: crashing every 5 minutes because launch bugs, 2: the game is fun, 3: the game's pretty, and i want it to stay pretty without crashing every 5 minutes.
game-hours: 20.2
review: Even though I have only played an hour of this on PC I must say this game is absolutely amazing. I had some scares about if my build could handle the game and I was very surpsrised at how well the game ran. I was able to transfer my old character from xbox 360 to PC, no problems everything was the same. Got the extra money for the pre-purchase. GG Rockstar, thanks for releasing one day early :) Can't wait to play this game and do some heists.
game-hours: 28.4
review: Tatted up like a mexican, mah uh
game-hours: 47.6
review: Best port ever, works so well. Is bloody beautiful. Tons of gameplay to be had in singleplayer or GTA Online. GTA Online has plenty of fun game modes, shooting is awesome with no  AUTO AIM from consoles. It's all manual aim here! Insane game.
game-hours: 36.6
review: blew up own crew member with homming launcher. 10/10
game-hours: 14.6
review: Great improvements over the console version and a solid port. Has a lot of crashing issues that will hopefully be patched in the coming weeks. Crashing however leads to you getting black marks if you leave during a GTA Online job. If you're crashing a lot it would be wise to stay away from the match maker until the game is more stable so you don't get put in games with s all the time.
game-hours: 35.8
review: very nice.
game-hours: 20.3
review: Very Fun 10/10
game-hours: 68.5
review: One of the greatest games ever made just got even better!
game-hours: 80.2
review: Very smooth and beautiful gameplay running 1080p high settings average 60 fps, best port evah
game-hours: 103.9
review: Life Simulator 2015. With this game to simulate my life, i never have to step outside again. 10/10. What does 'irl' mean?
game-hours: 84.8
review: So far it seems perfect for me at least ,game is at max settings everything looks amazing and is runing smooth super happy im not sleeping tonight i havent wanted to play a game the way i want to play this one in a while it feels good hope everyone is enjoying it .
game-hours: 84.8
review: So far it seems perfect for me at least ,game is at max settings everything looks amazing and is runing smooth super happy im not sleeping tonight i havent wanted to play a game the way i want to play this one in a while it feels good hope everyone is enjoying it .
game-hours: 15.8
review: For all of you complaining about the game not working on launch day realize this - Its a launch day. That being said, on launch day, a few hours after it had unlocked, I got into single player without a problem, and Social Club was not bothersome. This is hands down the best PC product Rockstar has done, even better than Max Payne 3 (an amazing port by the way) This is not a port, but instead what feels like something that was engineered from the bottom up to be on the leading platform, and its minumin specs even let you play it on a video card thats from the mid 2000s. After playing this on a 360, its just like how I wanted to remember it, now with a great keyboard and mouse control scheme. Most Rockstar Ports measure your performance via the amount of VRAM thats been allocated for your card. To produce a great image on screen, 2GB would be good. For fully maxed out, its best to go for a 4GB card. However, I myself use more than the game says I should, and it runs fine, with the highest texuture settings. A few technical highlights.... -You get raw mouse input for zero mouse acceleration -Borderless window, works well. -Tons of options for shaders, post processing, AA, Anti Aliasing... even grass. -This game supports BOTH AMD and Nvidia exclusive tech. Woot! Is it worth $60? Unless you commit your life to the new Rockstar Editor, the fact stil remains that this is a two year old game, which is now, granted, on the platform of choice. However, I strongly suggest you wait until a sale. (As of writing this, we're looking at about a couple of months away from a steam summer sale, wait then.) It is clear that any delay for this game is completly justified, since the end result is a well oiled product, something that is becoming rare nowadays. Finally, we have a proper Grand Theft Auto game, and it just so happens to be the best one in the series.
game-hours: 46.7
review: Everything about this game is perfect.
game-hours: 21.3
review: FIRST IMPRESSION: See my profile for PC specs. (Please note I have played the game on PS3, PS4, and now this (COMPARISON AT THE BOTTOM) (I also had an issue with launching the game, see below) I will start by saying (see below for game review) I didn't expect to run this game so well, on a laptop with a nVidia GT 650m 2GB. It's a 3 year old card so I didn't feel like I would push the settings up to high. So lets start with graphical. Rockstar really have done well with the minimum requirements, With my laptop an Alienware m14x r2, I was able to have ALL settings on either High, or Normal and the game still looks better than the console version. While they are locked to 30fps I was getting a low of 48 and a high of 64 fps including in the city, in the air, and during rush hour on the highways. NOTE: Couldn't run MSAA as I ran out of video memory (2GB) but AF was at 16x without loss. OK onto the game itself. First off the first impressions when I ran the game. Well. it took me a solid hour to figure out why it wouldn't even load. I had to disable my nVidia card (I use Optimus) then reenable it at the menu screen to get the game to run. Once it had I quickly played through the prologue to get a feel for the controls. I will say I had to look into the button bindings when I couldn't do something I needed to. So memorize those buttons! The Story is what you'd expect from Rockstar, full of drugs, sex and violence, I wouldn't mind playing through again in the beautiful detail. You can play up to 3 characters as they go on a journey to ravish Los Santos of its moneys, dealing with corruption, sexually active tv presenters and Lindsay Lohan clones. GTA 5 was the first GTA game I ever finished and I loved it. There is also plenty to do afterwards. OK onto online. It let me transfer my PS4 character which I transfered from my PS3 with no hassle including the bonus preorder cash. I didn't suffer any lag but maybe that was because I was alone in the server.. Not sure if that is my settings or a server issue. Overall, owning the PS3, PC and PS4 version, the story, online and the graphics LET ALONE STEAM INTEGRATION is enough to force me off the consoles and onto the PC version. COMPARRISON. If you have a PS3/xBox360 and own a PS4/Xbone or PC. Please make the jump to Next Gen or PC, the graphics alone are worth it, but make it a PC version if you want fluid motion with over 40fps+ on a decent system with settings near the max.
game-hours: 25.6
review: Too soon to post a review? No, not at all, because this game's been a year and a half coming and if you honestly haven't played it yet, despite your platform bias, then you really missed out on a great gaming experience. However, for those of you who were craving the experience of a next-generation Grand Theft Auto from the comfort of your own PC, then have I got news for you: Grand Theft Auto V has finally arrived on Steam, fully optimized for the true PC gaming experience. The game looks better than the Xbox One and the Playstation 4, if you can believe it (which you probably can). PC Grand Theft Auto V comes with all of the content released up to this point on the consoles with a few neat additional features. The Rockstar Editor allows you to create your own movies. The game comes with a "FPS camera view" that's surprisingly fully functional (disorienting, though). The game has full controller support, but works just as fine with the Keyboard and Mouse. I personally run the Xbox One controller for driving and flight, Keyboard and Mouse for everything else. Launch-day stability, at least for me, has been pretty good -- I only crashed once in the past six hours I've been playing. I've heard that some folks have been running into issues getting the game pre-loaded, but I had no such issues so I can't really speak on their behalf. I have no problem recommending this game. It's been a long time coming and I know a lot of folks are bitter towards Rockstar for taking their sweet time, but the end-product is worth it. I ran the game on the following rig: i5-4690k @ 3.5 (No overclocking done) ASUS Strix GeForce GTX 970 8 GB DDR3 1600 hz MSI Z97 Gaming 5 Motherboard With MSAA turned off (everything else at maximum) and V-Sync turned on I'm able to achieve fluctuating frames between 55 and 60 frames per second.
game-hours: 13.3
review: If you have not bought this game yet you should because it is freaking awesome. On my steam account i cannot play at the moment because of some sorta problem but when i played earlier it was amazing!
game-hours: 33.0
review: Best GTA port in years!
game-hours: 30.8
review: Amazing game, worth the 2 year wait! The game runs amazingly smooth, even whilst livestreaming to Twitch (although my OBS settings have to be set to stupidly low). Here are my specs: CPU: AMD FX-4100 3.6GHz Quad Core Processor GPU: XFX AMD HD 7850 2GB Double Dissipation Edition Motherboard: ASRock 960GM/U3S3 RAM: 8GB Crucial 1600MHz RAM SSD: 512GB Crucial MX100 SSD HDD: 1TB Hitatchi 7200RPM HDD So as you can see, my specs aren't worthy of computer-gasms, but they still play this game in full 1080p. The only ONE negative thing i've found is more of a general GTA V thing, not to do with the PC version, but on GTA Online, it feels very unbalanced. there was one player that was killing player after player all the time, and not once he died. The unbalanced thing was more that it spawned us in front of a hospital right round the corner, where he'd come and kill us again. The controls also seem a little odd but that's my opinion, i've never seen a game that has 'E' for the horn. In short, 10/10 no matter the small (opinion-based) negatives.
game-hours: 19.0
review: Waited So Long.... WERF IT!!
game-hours: 39.1
review: TRY LAUNCHING THE GAME WITH INTERNET DISABLED IF IT KEEPS CRASHING! WORKED FOR MY FRIEND!
game-hours: 34.4
review: Yes. I played this on the Xbox 360 on the day it came out. There was no online, so i played the single player, then i realised that the rendering of the game was just awful! Then Online came out, I tryed it, It didin't work at all, When it did it was fun. i would give it a 8/10, But on PC it fixes EVERYTHING. The online PERFECT, the singleplayer PERFECT, the rendering PERFECT. so in short note 0/10 IGN - too much water
game-hours: 24.7
review: Aside from the Issues with installing the game, I give GTA 5, easily, 5/5 IGN, 10/10 Gamespot, 6/6 DemonGaming. Holy crap I think this is one of the best GTA's so far. The optimization is better than I expected with the graphics, and since I waited since the PC version was announced, it's even more legit to me now. See everyone online hopefully :)
game-hours: 14.9
review: One of the best games I've played, graphics and sound are brilliant. Thought I'd be disappointed due to hype but it's a fantastic game, well recommended.
game-hours: 39.7
review: You don't need mine or anyone else's opinion on why this is the best game that ever was, instead I'll use this space to give you guys some troubleshooting info: Game won't start (Win 7) - Make sure you have Service pack 1 installed (win 7) This fixes most Social Club issues. - Make sure you have the latest drivers. - .Net framework 4.5 is required - Disable Antivirus and Firewall for installation Low FPS with good hardware - Turn of high res shadows - Take PostFX down a notch - Use FXAA only For very high end systems (980, 780ti, 970, 290x etc) - Watch the "memory meter" for Vram, when setting up game, and add about 20-25% to get a real number of vram usage. - Push settings up, one thing I've noticed is game runs much better when pushing the hardware. Happy Gaming
game-hours: 57.2
review: Nice touch for fun gaming, GTA V online, heist, etc like every single roleplay
game-hours: 46.3
review: Realy nice game. The graphics are just beautifull. I think to play on high-end you need atleast 8GB Ram, else you could play on 720p. The story mode is as fun as the online mode. There is just a lil problem, when the NAT of your network is set to strict you may not be able to play online, but you can fix that in the router settings I guess. However I highly recommend this game cuz its so fun. So we will soon meet online then huh? ;3 -Biscuit
game-hours: 59.4
review: 10/10 Finally came to PC!! if you have $60 to buy this game do it! it's so worth
game-hours: 38.1
review: It's here on PC now, is it worth it? Yes! Rockstar did a great job with the graphics and the game looks great with lots of attention paid to details and evnironments. They also did a great job with bringing life into the characters. The game runs completely maxed 1920x1080 on my system with full antialiasing (i7 4930K @ 4.5Ghz and a GTX 980 4GB with 32Gb of memory) and I get 50-60 FPS constantly. It's really fun, a big improvement from GTA IV. Driving is a little tough at first, but once you get the hang of it, it's much better than in GTA IV.
game-hours: 57.6
review: Ah, the legend returns to the mastah race! But more seriously, this game has finally arrived on pc with it's fenomenal graphics (some dull textures here and there though) and stunning visuals with 4k support in all it's glory! What i love: just about everything What could be better: Mouse movement feels like it has a delay The gpu usage could have been better as i see some fps drop even if the gpu usage is at 70-80 ish. There is also a frequent happening of cars popping up from the ground, wheels on idle cars stuck half way in the ground.
game-hours: 38.7
review: It's finally here, and it's great.
game-hours: 3.7
review: Here comes again after years of releasing, PC version surely immersive, those funs never end.
game-hours: 40.0
review: Taunted people as Trevor, got whole block after me. 10/10
game-hours: 32.7
review: This is a really good game and i have it for Xbox 360 and PS4 and i can say this is the best edition even if there are a few problems, i am sure they will fix it very soon.
game-hours: 51.6
review: The best version you can play.
game-hours: 13.6
review: An actual proper PC port from Rockstar?? Shocking!
game-hours: 31.3
review: Great Game. There's good graphics even on normal and lots to do. Make sure you update graphics drivers though. I had random force closes before I did.
game-hours: 94.4
review: Becomes a roadkill by insane civilians with panic issues... 10/10 would flip & fly in 1st person again. On serious note i would recommend this game to any GTA fan, even on my  as pc i can play it on around 30 fps (isnt much but i can play it!), there are some issues with session disconnect etc but i assume it's only during the first few days of launch of servers being overloaded and will be fixed soon as we go on, otherwise i haven't encountered any issues yet & would defo recommend it as it's nicely optimized for PC.
game-hours: 6.3
review: Good game.
game-hours: 41.1
review: Oh boy,GTA V on the PC The textures,the fps everything so perfect But the best thing about this game is that its actually fun Driving around Los Santos mountains with your friends on an pick up truck Driving around the city while your friends shoot out of the windows killing some noobs Flying a plane across the map with your crew and jumping out to skydive Robbing a bank to get some money to spend on hookers The list goes on and on baby
game-hours: 42.5
review: Awesome, AWESOME game. Paid full price and got a full experience. 10/10, undoubtedly.
game-hours: 26.1
review: I'm impressed this game still playable on my  pc. Spec: -i3-3240 -GT610 -8GB RAM Settings: -Windowed -800x600 -All normal/off graphic settings -30+ FPS -DX10
game-hours: 87.0
review: Better than fiddling with a pencil for 5 minutes.
game-hours: 39.4
review: I have nothing to say about this perfect game. Well optimized, great environment atmosphere. This game runs perfectly well on my gtx 880m. I don't really encounter launch issue so I don't know why that's even possible, and what's causing it. P.S.: Don't be fooled by the review (by the time of the writing, it's mostly positive [79%]). Grab it when you have money, you won't regret it by paying the game for full price. If you encounter any issue, you can always ask the support guys who's much better than EA.
game-hours: 27.9
review: You can rob convinient stores with your friends, wearing only leapord skin underwear. Do I even need to rate this game?
game-hours: 59.8
review: This is amazingly optimized, and beautiful beyond anything I've seen in an open world game, ever. The hype is real: GET THIS NOW.
game-hours: 10.8
review: hookers in first person??!?! what is this, heaven??
game-hours: 63.5
review: Runs great, looks great - GOTY.
game-hours: 72.8
review: How to ruin your life: 1) Download GTA V 2) Learn how to press buttons on your keyboard to play GTA V 3) Played for hundreds and thousands of hours for that one thing that looks really cool. 4) Congratulations, you now have no life. This method is tried-and-true, I have even tested it on myself that's how sure I was that it would work.
game-hours: 27.3
review: That was worth of wait. Maybe the best and most beautiful openworld game. Story is good, but online is so buggy/laggy. You can play this game like 24/7 without getting depressed.
game-hours: 62.0
review: It's Awesome, thanks rockstar!
game-hours: 60.3
review: Some people are having empty lobby issues or not being able to launch or install, but for me I run perfectly fine, no lag, no empty glitched lobbies, no crashes. (gtx 760 and i7 here) Blew my 1 mil online bonus on muggers and mercenaries and strippers. 11/10 would preorder 5 months in advance again
game-hours: 41.0
review: I'v played both console and PC now and I have to say I'm loving the PC version. Faster game lobby load times. fast overall load times thus far. - (I know some people have had issues with this, however the unfortanate side is not everyone has an up to date system). The level of extended graphical detail options are amazing, especially at 60fps+ I would like to see a FOV setting for first person (Without looking to mods) No issues with online free mode disconecting every so often like I had happen on console. So far an amazing product. Really enjoying it. Thanks Rockstar!
game-hours: 46.6
review: This is truly the best version of the game. No crashes, no bugs, no nothing that is bad (at least for me). And that improved foliage system? It's by far one of the greatest I've ever seen in a game. Although, I still haven't figured out how to aim down the sights/use the scope...
game-hours: 52.1
review: My life is over.
game-hours: 24.0
review: ME SO HORNY
game-hours: 42.3
review: OK! I'll pay 59.99 eur to stay in my chair all day and night! 11/10 would buy again.
game-hours: 83.8
review: According to the 2010 census China has a population of 1,339,724,852. Apparently they all play GTA Online.
game-hours: 23.4
review: Man this is how the game was meant to be played. Also they brought back the Dukes and Blista if you transfer data from the old consols. Also they brought back the Dodo...as a muthain' sea plane!
game-hours: 10.3
review: GAME IS SO FUN AND SO FUN
game-hours: 45.6
review: Amazing game! There's a lot of stuff to do in GTA V. The story is interesting, and there's always the Online when you're finished with the single player missions.
game-hours: 39.1
review: No GFWL, great PC remake/port (w/e you want to call it). Can only complain about some stutter experienced at some points and hopefully it'll get patched (no I don't run GTA V on a potatoe). Happy heisting!
game-hours: 76.7
review: Completed this game on PS3 in 2013 and just got done with the story on PC and I still recommend this game to the fullest. I love it.
game-hours: 58.3
review: "4/10 too many frames per second, needs a better cinematic experience." Said no one ever.
game-hours: 42.1
review: It's awesome! It doesn't run as smoothly as I hoped but hey; that's my fault for not reading the minimum system requiremens. :P
game-hours: 111.3
review: This is the best Open World game ever created! I just love GTA Series <3
game-hours: 96.6
review: Does not work for me, work arounds do not work. Will not update or give a good review untill this is fixed. UPDATE: After learning I have to disable my graphics card and renable it after launch, I got the game working. There are some bugs with random disconnects in heists that are halting my progress, where people re disconnected from the session randomly. There is alo a glitch that makes your character look at itself and you cannot see what your character is doing untill someone kills themselves to restart teh mission. Other than those glitches, The game is good and I enjoy playing it. I have binge played it for a couple days now.
game-hours: 35.4
review: THIS IS A GREAT GAME! IT RUNS ALMOST PERFECTLY FOR PC AND SO FAR I HAVE FOUND NO BUGS! GREAT GAME ROCKSTAR ONE OF THE BEST I HAVE PLAYED RECENTLY!
game-hours: 62.5
review: ******* epic!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 29.0
review: Wonderful game i don't have the right requirements but it works smooth
game-hours: 31.8
review: Sold my Steam inventory for pc components... totally worth it. Sillyness out the way, onto the review. As demanding as the graphics are in terms of performance, it can still hold well on most budget builds around the 180 or so. Would seriously recommend anyone to play this incredible game that has a decent build. Cons Not really a whole lot, it's a really solid port. Rockstar have put a lot of time into releasing it on PC and I'd say it was well worth the wait. Just, the whole needing to be logged into Rockstar Social Club just to be able to play the single player can be a bit of a pain for the casual player. The minimun requirements are a complete lie. Chances are, you will not be able to launch the menu screen without it crashing as well as the in-game video memory calculator. If you have SLI graphics cards at both 2gb, it will tell you that you have about 4gb of video memory, do not trust this and start turning everything to ultra graphics expecting it to run at above 60 fps. That is not how sli works, Rockstar.. But, so far, I've not experienced any crashes relating to gameplay, just be wary, that 4GB of RAM should not be used if you want to have a good experience playing as it tends to stutter in open areas with lots of traffic. 10/10 -IGN
game-hours: 13.5
review: Finally the complete version. Online seems to be running good so far. If u want gta 5 get this all the mods and the extra video creator should make for good times
game-hours: 46.1
review: first time playing on pc was with pesants for 2 months before it got released FIRST FRAKIN group all had mics and we even teamworked all the way through humane raid from the coke the insurgent the harrier and so forth we became the expendables 5 got into the first harrier and all i heard was HIGHWAY TO THE DANGERZONE and so before any of my teammates got off the platform into their jets all aircraft was gone one of our team members even sounded like jet li AND even did a quote EXACTLY like him in the last raid but 10/10 would top gun again!
game-hours: 19.0
review: Absolutely a good "port" even though ita not a port. Game runs beautifully compared to GTA IV, one of the worse ports in history. Runs even faster than gta iv, in my opinion. Must get 10/10
game-hours: 20.8
review: ILY
game-hours: 24.8
review: 20/10 got hookers and strippers
game-hours: 64.7
review: story 10/10 Gameplay 10/10 Onile 8/10 Fix Online PLZ Rockstar<3
game-hours: 38.9
review: This game has so much content it is amazing! The story is brillient and the online is never ending fun with a massive amount of missions and minigames to do, by yourself , with friends, with your crew or just with some randoms over the internet. Little story me and my friend went into the strip club, we had the cops on us, all the strippers ran out and we then chased them for 5 minuets beating the  out of them then being shot in the face by the police. This happened about 3 times..., I ONLY WANTED A DANCE!!
game-hours: 69.7
review: I hit a deer then lost the race. 10/10
game-hours: 80.8
review: Most people got their game running, and a few don't, its maybe on their side not the game, first time I installed it on launch day its smooth and running, maxxed everything out and I AM happy with the result! from 90-120 fps on high and 60-80 fps on ultra/very high, over all I am happy with the game, been playing it since it launched on the 360, money well spent! recommended to all of gamers out there (not for kids tho)
game-hours: 18.5
review: Game is greatly optimized.Runs Fluently 50-60 fps all the time graphics maxed out. Stunning detail the best GTA that was ever made. Rockstar this time you delivreed what you promised and more. Would Buy Again 10/10
game-hours: 28.9
review: Nothing more fun than running over hoes with your SUV. 10/10
game-hours: 27.5
review: It didn't work and I had to disable my graphics card and reenable for it to launch, but I could care less because this is one of the best games I've ever played. Best in class at everything. Smooth as butter, runs better than GTA IV on my computer. Single player is worth it alone. GTA Online is worth it alone.
game-hours: 15.0
review: Logged in online, spawnkilled and ganked 10/10
game-hours: 53.9
review: Very good PC port, 10/10, good job Rockstar.
game-hours: 46.5
review: There's a lot of menu options and you can change the controls, but you CAN"T change the gamepad controls if you're using a wired 360 controller as far as I can tell. Will update if changed. Overall, a kickass game though!! LOOKS beautiful for real.
game-hours: 16.8
review: So wait, Was the console version just a beta?
game-hours: 71.6
review: This game is brilliant, big range to do! I don't think it would be as enjoyable if you weren't with friends or a group of guys, but with the internet these days i can't imagine it being hard to find one!
game-hours: 39.5
review: Haven't crashed, the game works perfectly and its purely awesome!
game-hours: 110.5
review: This is the clearest, smoothest, sharpest, mind boggling piece of eye candy on steam as of 4/14/2015. I would recommend this game to anyone who has the money and the time to work towards an Adder or a Sultan RS. The game play is very soft and very attracting. Within the first five minutes of me playing this game I zoned out of the outside world when I played GTA V Online. This game is amazing on the master race of gaming. The PC! If you play the game long enough I promise you will get your money's worth out of it. It may be expensive but let me tell you that this game is worth every cent.
game-hours: 18.0
review: I honestly can't believe people are throwing hissy fits about their games not working. Since when is everything perfect? Never!!!!!! This game is ing great and it's 100% worth buying. It's literally endless fun and people can go cry by themselves. Yes, they'll need to get their game fixed but why does rockstar need a bad review? They don't because this game is great. People just need to be patient. Yeah the game has bugs.... but you try porting a 32 bit console coded game to x64 with way more advancded graphics with oodles of content. I applaud you rockstar for giving us pc gamers this treat to even be able to play this game on pc. Now your next slayer task is to port red dead redemption :P
game-hours: 0.1
review: It's like that game that the console pesants were testing for us on  tier gaming platforms 10/10
game-hours: 46.5
review: There's a lot of menu options and you can change the controls, but you CAN"T change the gamepad controls if you're using a wired 360 controller as far as I can tell. Will update if changed. Overall, a kickass game though!! LOOKS beautiful for real.
game-hours: 89.5
review: Best Game Ever 10/10 would nofe again
game-hours: 49.6
review: No Windows Live 11/10
game-hours: 80.2
review: Forever waiting for players to join my heist lobby to have them leave after 30 seconds. 11/10, would wait 2 years for PC release again.
game-hours: 16.5
review: Nice Game! But its really exhausting for your pc. You really need a good one. :)
game-hours: 9.7
review: I raced 3 other dudes on a bicycle while giving them the middle finger from the front all the way. 11/10 would get raepd at the end again.
game-hours: 36.3
review: This is one of the most, if not the most optimized PC port I have ever played. It was worth waiting the many delays. Please note that I've already played 50% on the xbone. I got the PC version because it was a bit too hard to control on the xbone. The game runs very well, even though I meet the minimum specs. There are a ton of options that you can control to increase the graphical fidelity. The game even has a monitor to show how much video memory you are using up with the game. I have never seen that before and it's really nice if you have an out-of-date GPU. I'm not going to spoil any of the game for those who haven't played this masterpiece. But what I will say is that it is beautifully done. Pros: -Extensive options menu -Excellent story -Amazing voice acting -Fluid gameplay -Gunplay is really fun and rewarding -Tons of missions and side missions -Plenty of activities like golf and tennis -Characters are well-written -Graphical fidelity is amazing (if you have a good GPU) -Environments are well-detailed -The director mode is an amazing pc-only feature -I can't think of any more. This game is awesome. Go buy it if you can spare the money. Cons: -You need a really powerful GPU to get the most out of this game -Shooting a gun while driving is really difficult. Although that can be changed in the options.
game-hours: 27.4
review: Finaly on PC one of the best games ever !
game-hours: 31.8
review: A really great game. Runs smoothly 60FPS, thats if you have a good enough computer. Overall, a really good game and im really excited for the modding.
game-hours: 39.1
review: No GFWL, great PC remake/port (w/e you want to call it). Can only complain about some stutter experienced at some points and hopefully it'll get patched (no I don't run GTA V on a potatoe). Happy heisting!
game-hours: 24.6
review: What more could you ask for. Thanks for a great game Rockstar!
game-hours: 34.4
review: Worth the wait! Rockstar took their time creating the best version of GTA5 for PC. Well optimized for wide variety of PCs, one of the best looking games on PC. No reason not to pick this one up, especially if you haven't played it on consoles yet.
game-hours: 75.2
review: I put 1000 hours in to it on the Xbox 360 and have already put 57 hours in to it on PC and its only been out 4 days. On 360 it cost 15 and PC it cost 40. 55 for all those hours of playing this great game thats updated around every 1.5 months. Its truly worth buying
game-hours: 71.3
review: Best game! 10/10
game-hours: 25.2
review: You don't really need me to tell you how perfect GTA V is, it's unlike any other video games I've played before. How it bests the PS4 & XB1 version and why it's the ultimate definitive real perfect version of GTA V -1080+p -60+ fps (Smoooth) -TXAA -Nividia Tessalation -Superb optimization -Higher-res Reflection -Beautiful real-time wet & rain simulation :O -More vegetation -More population density -Much, much more population variety -More wild life -Denser traffic -Smarter A.I. really. -Much prettier water quality -Better distance scaling -Soft shadows -MORE FUN in MULTIPLAYER -More particles -Ultra grass detail -Rockstar Editor ! -Higher-res shadow quality than XB1 STRONGER COMMUNITY w/ Steam & !!!!!!! MODS !!!!!!!
game-hours: 66.4
review: Love punching people in the face after a long day.
game-hours: 42.1
review: It's awesome! It doesn't run as smoothly as I hoped but hey; that's my fault for not reading the minimum system requiremens. :P
game-hours: 5.2
review: Tear through the immense open world of Los Santos with a crew of 3 criminals. The engaging story and GTA Online make it one of the best GTAs ever!
game-hours: 46.1
review: first time playing on pc was with pesants for 2 months before it got released FIRST FRAKIN group all had mics and we even teamworked all the way through humane raid from the coke the insurgent the harrier and so forth we became the expendables 5 got into the first harrier and all i heard was HIGHWAY TO THE DANGERZONE and so before any of my teammates got off the platform into their jets all aircraft was gone one of our team members even sounded like jet li AND even did a quote EXACTLY like him in the last raid but 10/10 would top gun again!
game-hours: 46.6
review: This is truly the best version of the game. No crashes, no bugs, no nothing that is bad (at least for me). And that improved foliage system? It's by far one of the greatest I've ever seen in a game. Although, I still haven't figured out how to aim down the sights/use the scope...
game-hours: 52.1
review: My life is over.
game-hours: 96.3
review: give me my reallife back rockstar, help i need sleep
game-hours: 13.5
review: Finally the complete version. Online seems to be running good so far. If u want gta 5 get this all the mods and the extra video creator should make for good times
game-hours: 12.7
review: Rockstar customer support simulator 2015.
game-hours: 68.5
review: Really good game, with my i3-2100 , and GTX 650 Ti Boost, i can run good with smooth settings High-Medium. :)
game-hours: 24.0
review: ME SO HORNY
game-hours: 28.7
review: TL;DR (see bottom paragraphy) The First day of GTA V release on the pc was very smooth, it really showed that during the preperation and delays Rockstar put an effort in polishing and refining the game and refining the optimization from console to personal computers. Rockstar delivered and reaped glory! ^_^ In my opinion GTA V is an arcade game where you can roleplay as anything you want, or you can unfold the singleplayer stories of the three different characters. You can play the game in First Person View! Aside from the story of the singleplayer, you can choose clothing style from different fashions, drive different ground vehicles and boats, fly helicopters and airplanes. Parachute from high elevation. Aswell as owning pets. Ride motorcycles and jet skis. Wield different types of firearms and melee weapons. You can exit a vehicle anytime if not blocked or obtructed due to mission restrictions, allowing you to reinact stunt moves as in action movies etc.. You can play sport games, Race with Npcs, do stunts on airplanes, shoot in gun ranges. You won't have your Cousin Roman calling you to go bowling again. The downside in GTA V is you can't mountaineer, you can't pulverise the ground or any structure in the world, you can't remodel your houses the way you want it to. You can't own pets other than a dog. In Gta V Los Santos you can't travel to Vice City or Liberty City eventhough you can overhear npcs talking about those two locations. You can't own a non-lethal weapon other than the Tazer. No singplayer friends anymore like in GTA IV(4) In GTA V Online the things you can do on GTA V Online Sessions are teaming up with other players around the world and engage in missions ranging from heists to jobs, play different types of game modes like Capture the flag, team deathmatch, etc.. Or start a heist privately with your crew members or friends and cooperate and work together to complete the objectives. You can mute players who are annoying you and especially when they have an open (hot) microphone. You can setup a Crew a group or Clan where you can go challenge another Crew to war and increase in reputation to receive higher notierity public annoucements whenever one of your crew members join a session or server. Receive bonuses by finishing a mission or heist with crew members and overall encouraging players to form crews to complete mission and earn in-game cash. Things to know about in GTA V Online is that you can purchase in-game online credits with real currency, which actually takes out the reward feeling from doing missions or heists because the rewards would mean nothing if you already purchased 8 million in-game online credits anyway. The cons in GTA V online is that there is no private voice chat or direct communication, instead everyone hears what you say in the Online Session world. Aswell as Xbox players and other Console players who play the game have an open (hot) microphone which ruins the mood and everyone can hear their family members yelling and them yelling back at eachother, meanwhile hearing all different noises you just want to avoid hearing while ingame. You can initiate missions without receiving a job or invitation from others on your phone, or walking on glowing areas around the world of Los Santos GTA V. In GTA V online it feels very dangerous and chaotic you never can trust anyone in session whom you don't have as friends, if you don't keep a close watch on your map you might have someone trying to backstab you or assassinate you for no particular reason. Plus the GTA V online community besides outside the game itself makes it hard to make friends outside of missions because its not possible to have private communication with an individual in a server without disturbing everyone unless you call them in the in-game phone. In conclusion the singleplayer mode of the game is very atmospheric and the sea and the trees look great. You can do alot of dangerous things like stunts and other crazy things that you won't risk in real life other than in GTA V. The Online experience is usually enjoyable, however different players around the world may seem to lag depending on their internet connection to the server's location and the stability of their gear that has enough computing power to run the game graphically and mathematically, which also has the vice-versa effect toward their perspective of where you are in the GTA V Los Santos world. All in all a huge step forward from the consoles both graphically and gameplay a greator if not more enjoyable on the pc in FPS mode. Very smooth and enjoyable you can lose alot of hours into both the singpleplayer and online especially if you have nothing to do during the holidays. I recommend this game to anyone who has never played it and anyone returning from the Old GTA titles like Vice City.
game-hours: 22.4
review: rockstar weres all the s i searched every place for them so ican get my online character laid for the first time in pc in ps4 i got to the hood s everywere pc none to be found plz fiz this other than that 10/10
game-hours: 37.0
review: It's literally the best game ever made. The largest physics sandbox ever created, coupled with an incredible story, deep multiplayer component and film quality performances from the actors. I cannot think of a finer game and I've been playing them for over two decades. This is the best selling piece of entertainment for a reason. It raises the bar in every capacity. Optimization is phenomenal as well. Get this game, take your time with it, play it slowly and enjoy the most solid and varied game mechanics we've ever seen in a single package. 10/10. Nothing will take this games crown for a long, long time.
game-hours: 68.5
review: Really good game, with my i3-2100 , and GTX 650 Ti Boost, i can run good with smooth settings High-Medium. :)
game-hours: 24.0
review: ME SO HORNY
game-hours: 28.7
review: TL;DR (see bottom paragraphy) The First day of GTA V release on the pc was very smooth, it really showed that during the preperation and delays Rockstar put an effort in polishing and refining the game and refining the optimization from console to personal computers. Rockstar delivered and reaped glory! ^_^ In my opinion GTA V is an arcade game where you can roleplay as anything you want, or you can unfold the singleplayer stories of the three different characters. You can play the game in First Person View! Aside from the story of the singleplayer, you can choose clothing style from different fashions, drive different ground vehicles and boats, fly helicopters and airplanes. Parachute from high elevation. Aswell as owning pets. Ride motorcycles and jet skis. Wield different types of firearms and melee weapons. You can exit a vehicle anytime if not blocked or obtructed due to mission restrictions, allowing you to reinact stunt moves as in action movies etc.. You can play sport games, Race with Npcs, do stunts on airplanes, shoot in gun ranges. You won't have your Cousin Roman calling you to go bowling again. The downside in GTA V is you can't mountaineer, you can't pulverise the ground or any structure in the world, you can't remodel your houses the way you want it to. You can't own pets other than a dog. In Gta V Los Santos you can't travel to Vice City or Liberty City eventhough you can overhear npcs talking about those two locations. You can't own a non-lethal weapon other than the Tazer. No singplayer friends anymore like in GTA IV(4) In GTA V Online the things you can do on GTA V Online Sessions are teaming up with other players around the world and engage in missions ranging from heists to jobs, play different types of game modes like Capture the flag, team deathmatch, etc.. Or start a heist privately with your crew members or friends and cooperate and work together to complete the objectives. You can mute players who are annoying you and especially when they have an open (hot) microphone. You can setup a Crew a group or Clan where you can go challenge another Crew to war and increase in reputation to receive higher notierity public annoucements whenever one of your crew members join a session or server. Receive bonuses by finishing a mission or heist with crew members and overall encouraging players to form crews to complete mission and earn in-game cash. Things to know about in GTA V Online is that you can purchase in-game online credits with real currency, which actually takes out the reward feeling from doing missions or heists because the rewards would mean nothing if you already purchased 8 million in-game online credits anyway. The cons in GTA V online is that there is no private voice chat or direct communication, instead everyone hears what you say in the Online Session world. Aswell as Xbox players and other Console players who play the game have an open (hot) microphone which ruins the mood and everyone can hear their family members yelling and them yelling back at eachother, meanwhile hearing all different noises you just want to avoid hearing while ingame. You can initiate missions without receiving a job or invitation from others on your phone, or walking on glowing areas around the world of Los Santos GTA V. In GTA V online it feels very dangerous and chaotic you never can trust anyone in session whom you don't have as friends, if you don't keep a close watch on your map you might have someone trying to backstab you or assassinate you for no particular reason. Plus the GTA V online community besides outside the game itself makes it hard to make friends outside of missions because its not possible to have private communication with an individual in a server without disturbing everyone unless you call them in the in-game phone. In conclusion the singleplayer mode of the game is very atmospheric and the sea and the trees look great. You can do alot of dangerous things like stunts and other crazy things that you won't risk in real life other than in GTA V. The Online experience is usually enjoyable, however different players around the world may seem to lag depending on their internet connection to the server's location and the stability of their gear that has enough computing power to run the game graphically and mathematically, which also has the vice-versa effect toward their perspective of where you are in the GTA V Los Santos world. All in all a huge step forward from the consoles both graphically and gameplay a greator if not more enjoyable on the pc in FPS mode. Very smooth and enjoyable you can lose alot of hours into both the singpleplayer and online especially if you have nothing to do during the holidays. I recommend this game to anyone who has never played it and anyone returning from the Old GTA titles like Vice City.
game-hours: 22.4
review: rockstar weres all the s i searched every place for them so ican get my online character laid for the first time in pc in ps4 i got to the hood s everywere pc none to be found plz fiz this other than that 10/10
game-hours: 37.0
review: It's literally the best game ever made. The largest physics sandbox ever created, coupled with an incredible story, deep multiplayer component and film quality performances from the actors. I cannot think of a finer game and I've been playing them for over two decades. This is the best selling piece of entertainment for a reason. It raises the bar in every capacity. Optimization is phenomenal as well. Get this game, take your time with it, play it slowly and enjoy the most solid and varied game mechanics we've ever seen in a single package. 10/10. Nothing will take this games crown for a long, long time.
game-hours: 19.1
review: I flew a helicopter into my friends and made them lose 150k 10/10
game-hours: 16.1
review: Very good! Finally able to play with friends :D I enjoyed Online a lot more on here than on consol. yus
game-hours: 20.6
review: First game I've actually enjoyed the cutscenes in since "The Walkihg Dead Vol 1". Great characters. Beautiful to look at and great fun. Seems massive too.
game-hours: 30.2
review: Pros: Overall a great game for the pc. If you are used to how this game looks on the console, you will be blown away by the graphical improvements and the GTA experience at over 30 frames per second. There are a rediculous amount of settings so you can customize the game to your liking. The controller support is also amazing since GTA V provides a seemless transition from keyboard to controller. I personally use a controller for flying and keyboard and mouse for everything else. The game as a whole seems so smooth, driving especially. Cons: You have to start nitpicking in order to find something about this game that isn't up to par. The obvious for me was the excessive time spent on loading screens. Finding a GTA Online game is a pain since loading screens can sometimes take up a substancial chunk of time. Joining jobs and heists also have the loading screens. In the end, I couldn't recommend this game enough. The game itself is among the funnest I've ever played with the graphical improvements over the console version making it even better! Buy this game and you won't be sorry!
game-hours: 0.6
review: Was I the only one hoping to play Bowling Simulator 2008? Steam Policy = No refunds.
game-hours: 17.1
review: Put the game in first person for the best experience. So emersive I just walked around the city for hours not caring about missions. Played the original version on the 360 and I'm amazed at how much larger the city feels in first person. It's like you're walking around a real city, doesn't feel like just another zone in a video game.
game-hours: 9.1
review: I played GTA 5 for the first time on my PS4 and i was amazed at the quality of the graphics and the quality of the story after finally building my gaming pc and GTA 5 finally being released on PC I thought that the graphics would just improve a little. But I was totally wrong after installing GTA and running it for the first time I could definitely tell the increase in graphics. I would totally recommend you to go and get this game, if you have already played it either on a 360 or the current consoles I would totally recommend getting it again if your PC can handle it of course.
game-hours: 38.9
review: First time I ran this game, I tried the benchmark.. and FAILED. /10 would fail benchmark again
game-hours: 91.6
review: gae sbtwerpbtuipqwenfrkpwenipaerpguiqweripgterip weu8o q io-hfsasdifh asdjlpfhh fjkasdh fjkopawerhguiop awerhsjsdaifh asdjlpfh.Thaterhguiop awerhsjsdaifh asdjlpfh.That is all.
game-hours: 35.6
review: 10/10 RIP social life RIP sunlight RIP school
game-hours: 15.6
review: PC Master Race wins again. This game is literally amazing on PC. You want good graphics? GTAV PC You want some nice fun gameplay? GTA V PC You want a great game? GTA V PC. Once again this game wins, not only for itself but for the master, the PC race. Oh and thank you, thank you very much console peasants for the Beta testing :)
game-hours: 62.4
review: buy it now
game-hours: 28.3
review: Game is awesome. Simple as. So much to do. So beautiful. An insta-purchase that will keep me busy for many hours to come.
game-hours: 40.7
review: Hands down THE best GTA
game-hours: 48.0
review: !!! UPDATED April 18th !!! So, the first patch has arrived just yesterday, and R* successfully patch the bug on GTAVLauncher.exe probs that failed to launch everytime if the GeForce driver is enabled at the first time. JUST ABOUT THE TIME, R*!! Finally!! The R* support might be responsive enough to hear the thing on what users experienced, and patch it real soon. NOTHING comes in my way anymore to not to recommend this game. This is A W E S O M E !!! Go get money, go save, go buy, go ENJOY (oouh, if your RIG is more than enough)... !!! UPDATED !!! To anyone out there who experiencing cant even launch the game, after I read steam account saul, I try to disable the Nvidia GeForce driver first, then press play GTA V, then quick enable the driver before the social club screem gone, then the game FINALLY launch! Oh GOD, so it's the driver and the game. Never thought of it because Nvidia says it's ready for GTA V. Hopes R* and Nvidia release the patch to fix this soon! ORIGINAL REVIEW: I won't reccommended this game until R* fixed the bugs. Oh GOD!! So lucky of you all out there who might still can see an error screen or blank screen or loading or crash. I can't even launch the game, nothing happens on my screen, except my online status changes to in game of GTA V, then a couple next seconds, get back to online again, and saw last time play was today for 1 minute?? in' ridiculous Steam, and GREAT job R*!!! I am very DISAPOINTED to spend my $55 on this game, since January 23rd, delayed, and, pre-load, and !!
game-hours: 55.0
review: It's a good port and an AMAZING game
game-hours: 32.4
review: Don't buy this yet until it goes on sale, and or until Rockstar makes a patch to fix the launching issues. EDIT: Changing my opinion since Rockstar put out a patch and now I can get in.
game-hours: 18.1
review: Graphics are BEAUTIFUL 10/10 Would  again
game-hours: 6.6
review: GTA V - PC An amazing masterpiece perfectly developed to PC. Performance wise itself, it's a majestic creation, the freedom of tweaking any graphical setup is just amazing, the game itself maximizes the potential every single aspect of your GPU & resources, unlike other games that play horribly even when you have an overkill rig, (I'm talking to you CoD AW >.>), GTA offers graphical optimization to it's finest. No problems with launching or first time set ups. If you read the negative reviews, you'll see how it's mostly people complaining about launching problems or whatsoever, ask them about their rigs and you will know their problem, so make sure you MEET THE NECESSARY REQUIREMENTS before you purchase the game, or else you will have a bad time, this is a really spec critical game, and if you have the minimal or recommended sepcs, be sure you know that only applies to low-medium range settings and don't expect to be able to max everything out. Gameplay wise, day 2, so far, the game runs flawlessly, no glitches, no stuttering, no controls or any kind of issue, found. Smooth 60 fps+, environment insanely gorgeous, people & animals look and feel natural, everything is so vivid, movement isn't as sloppy as the consoles versions, random events that happen all over Los Santos just pop out of nowhere, it is definitely worth the upgrade from XB1-PS4. You can feel the huge difference in performance & limitations that consoles had compared to PC, it is a whole new GTA experience. In conclusion: GTA V PC, what GTA V was meant to be, it is definitely the definitive edition and more. 20/10 - I'm happy Rockstar took all the time they needed to make of this game a masterpiece that it should have been in consoles.
game-hours: 27.3
review: Did the countdown from 10 mins before the release and actually started to tear up. Then i manned the  up and played the first mission and almost cryed again. I had to stop because if a game can do that to me, i probably need to get a girlfriend. Oh wait, GTA V is out.... Ain't nobody got no time no more.
game-hours: 13.2
review: Looks amazing when I finally managed to stop it from crashing every 5 minutes. Didn't seem to have any problems from R* Social Club either. Like I said it looks incredible, I can nearly max it out with an AMD R9 270x (make sure you download the updated drivers). Pushing the textures detail up too high seems to make it a bit twitchy but still looks lovely. 10/10 Would develop another stomach ulcer due to stress from figuring out why it kept crashing and thinking I'd just wasted 39.99 on an unplayable 60gb parasite again.
game-hours: 76.7
review: nothing better then GTA games! but this is awesome!!!!!
game-hours: 53.0
review: Good job rockstar I love you guys ^^
game-hours: 11.7
review: Amazing game! Couple glitches but it is still the first week. I bet it will be patched
game-hours: 51.3
review: The single-player story is an exhilarating series of increasingly fun missions. And if you have the muscle to run it at max settings, the visual fidelity is astonishing. Driving through the city at night in a storm, neon signs reflecting in the puddles and on the rain-slicked hood of your car, it almost looks photorealistic. And it all takes place in one of the richest, densest, most skillfully constructed game worlds ever built. The sense of place these details evoke is lightyears ahead of other open-world games. And the fact you can share it with other players makes it all the more exciting. GTA Online is a game in itself, mixing GTAs sandbox chaos with elements of MMORPG. 10/10
game-hours: 84.4
review: >Get's into the heist >Need to steal hydra >Steal it >Turn on the radio >Danger zone >Destroy the jets and get to destination 11/10 enchanced gameplay
game-hours: 8.2
review: Very awesome game grapics are outstanding
game-hours: 67.3
review: Rockstar has did it. They promised a smooth 60 fps (smooth gameplay) + A decent port and they succeeded. I have nothing bad to say about this, I knew the GTA Online servers were going to be unstable after it launched it wasnt a surprise if people thought it was going to be stable... I dont know what to say. + Decent Port + Extremely fun game with friends + First Person Mode is not useless at all, I love it. + I dont know if I will ever stop playing this game
game-hours: 18.4
review: Thank you so much. Launcher stop working has been resolved! And i can play this game without turning off Nvidia first! Thank you so much!
game-hours: 19.8
review: After waiting this long, I can say it's worth playing
game-hours: 47.0
review: No issues whatsoever. Framrate is decent. Could be optimized better I feel, but definitely miles above gta4. If you're not convinced, wait for a sale. Definitely worth it.
game-hours: 95.9
review: Best game i have installed, 24 hours played in 2 days :)
game-hours: 23.9
review: Runs flawlessly for me, seems well optimized.
game-hours: 89.0
review: Killing Hookers, Stealing Cars and Now Robbing Banks. Best Day Ever
game-hours: 57.3
review: I ing love you rockstar
game-hours: 11.6
review: OH MY DAYS. Switching from first person to third person is epic. The graphics are immense and smooth too. Well done Rockstar North, Well done! No wonder you kept putting it back to make it perfect as it actually is! The shooting in first person is as good as any fps out there! Im babbling on but its 2:30 am on release date with work in 5 hours but I can't help it im blown away, seriously blown away!
game-hours: 6.6
review: All I will say is after 60mins for playing...IN CLASS! this will go down as one of the best PC releases of all time!
game-hours: 8.2
review: F*cking awesome, best game released yet.
game-hours: 2.3
review: Gorgeous game if you can set the graphics settings right. For those who have pop-in texture/ building disappearing issue, try to switch MSAA to 8x ( if your computer is capable of ) or turn off FXAA in graphics settings. Running the game on my laptop with GT 845m like a champ. Good work on the optimization Rockstar !!! Brb gonna have a ride lol 11/10
game-hours: 36.3
review: Can someone help me?My GTAV(Online) works,but now when i wanted to play singleplayer,it starts loading and then it crashes.I was on mission prepare for The Merryweather Heist,when Michael is learning how to fly with plane.By the way,game is awesome and it is very good optimized.Best Regards ;)
game-hours: 30.7
review: -Waited (2 years) -Preloaded -Waited (2 weeks) -Updated (2 minutes) -Unpacked (2 hours) Worth the wait! 10/10
game-hours: 19.2
review: Best in series for sure. Lots to explore, lots to do. Possibilities in this game never ends But im having a problem that without disabling the graphic card, i cant run the game. After having run the game, i enable the Graphic card then carry on. This has to be fixed as soon as possible.
game-hours: 53.2
review: This game is so much better than what I was expecting. The Online portion was already working a few hours after the release, it's greatly optimized, and the control scheme is wonderful. The driving and flying is seemless as long as you know all the controls first. This is definetly the ultimate edition of Grand Theft Auto 5 and I don't think I'll stop playing it any time soon.
game-hours: 45.1
review: First person shooter. 3rd person racing. Mass murder. What's not to like? 9.5/10
game-hours: 89.2
review: Really good game . nothing to say :)
game-hours: 67.8
review: Yes, yes, yes.
game-hours: 55.3
review: Played this game for two years on PS3 and have salivated over the thought of how good this game could be if done correctly. My god. It's flawless. This is how you do a port. I never imagined this game running THIS good. I knew it would be better than GTA IV on PC, but I never expected this. I adore this game. In my opinion all it needed on PC was 60fps and 1080p native. We got SO much more. Absolutely the best it could have possibly been. Never drops below 60fps with every single thing i could find maxed out(except MSAA, I'd need another 980 for that lol). We're talking a game and dev that released a notoriously poorly optimized port and mindnumblingly CPU intensive game, and now were maxing even ALL DRAW DISTANCES, OBJECTS, SHADOWS, PEDESTRIANS, and TRAFFIC. Even with all that it STILL maxes out my ing GTX 980! There is NO CPU bottleneck to be found here. Throw all of your doubt about this game out the window, it is ing perfection. If youre interested in the slightest, and have at least the recommended specs, buy this game RIGHT NOW. Just for reference: Gigabyte Z77X-D3H i7-3770K @4.4Ghz 16 GB Corsair Vengeance RAM @1866Mhz MSI GTX 980 Gaming 4GB 250GB Samsung EVO SSD Asus 144hz VG248QE Any questions about this game or its performance feel free to ask.
game-hours: 16.6
review: Run great on my EVGA GTX X Titan with 1920x1080p. It is faboulous game and has a really nice HUD Interface. Just like any modern game would have. Graphics are great and the best part is customizing the cars. This game is truely a great game and nothing needs to be added. No bugs or anything yet and still pretty nice for a 2013 game.
game-hours: 8.9
review: very fun
game-hours: 16.9
review: I have bought this game 3 times already. (the fact that i bought it 3 times must mean something) I currently own Grand Theft Auto V for the Xbox 360, Xbox One, and PC. This game is one of the best games i have ever played. It runs amazing my rig. I highly recommend this game. Pros:
game-hours: 68.4
review: What can i say GREAT GAME. But do not run this game with 4gb of ram...Its a memory eater.
game-hours: 25.2
review: Has better songs on the radio than GTA IV. 10/10
game-hours: 36.1
review: What are you looking at? Just buy it already!
game-hours: 67.3
review: Can kill Hookers in 1080p, 60 fps 10/10
game-hours: 42.7
review: just buy the game
game-hours: 49.0
review: DA POLICE
game-hours: 78.2
review: 10/10 would wait 4 years again
game-hours: 52.0
review: This game has great grapics and the mouse and keyboard controls work very well It has minor optimisation issues but it runs pretty good Very good port -Online actually works at launch for once 8/10
game-hours: 10.3
review: super great game, still with 20fps and huge lags its super much fun
game-hours: 68.5
review: Guns,  and senseless violence. 10/10
game-hours: 62.0
review: It's Awesome, thanks rockstar!
game-hours: 16.7
review: Gr8 m8 8/8 no h8
game-hours: 65.6
review: First game I didn't regret pre-ordering.
game-hours: 95.3
review: 10/10. Easily GOTY Also a great Loading Screen Simulator
game-hours: 21.6
review: I keep it short, I will list the good and bad things about this game; Good: + Open world with a lot of stuff to do. + First person view. + Many options for video and controls etc. + Wide variety of vehicles. Bad: - Too many things force you into cutscenes or scripted events. - No full customization in single player mode. - Long loading times during activities in online mode. - No fluent transition between sandbox play and doing activities, everything will force you into menus and loading screens. - Main story characters switch to their default clothes every time you switch character. - Unreliable system to store vehicles, vehicles might disappear and it's impossible to buy bicycles even when having an empty garage. - Forced to play with story characters you might not like and having to sit trough every degenerate thing they say and do is painful. It could learn a thing or two from the Saints Row games when it comes to customization and fluent game play, But it's still a decent game overall, I would rate it a 7/10.
game-hours: 6.8
review: them graphics op af
game-hours: 4.5
review: stole a car as franklin and the radio was on east coast classics 10/10 not racist at all
game-hours: 32.4
review: Yea sure, this one really needs a review
game-hours: 25.9
review: Game is beautiful. It runs great. Definetly worthed if you are a fan of the series or enjoy open world games. If I go back 3 weeks, knowing what I know. I would still pre-order it.
game-hours: 84.6
review: My pc met all requirements the only question mark was gpu which is integrated, it will still run and smoothe though rockstar really did a good job with this. I can tell they made full use of the delay times they had, with my integrated graphics card i shouldn't be able to run it but i can. However that will be upgraded today. Was well worth the wait Rockstar great job on making the pc version. PS. which is not a port it was developed with the main game side by side
game-hours: 33.8
review: I waited 3 years and now I can kill people in 4K.
game-hours: 31.2
review: This game is perfect. It plays like a dream, and its most definitely the definitive version of the game. 10/10 on R* redeeming themselves, this port is perfect.
game-hours: 28.0
review: EDIT: I can open it now. Can't even open it. 11/10
game-hours: 35.5
review: B-)
game-hours: 8.8
review: AWESOME, THIS GAME IS AWESOME. THE GRAPHICS, EVERYTHING!
game-hours: 48.4
review: -The experience on PC is simply amazing, with my GTX 970 I get an average of 55-65FPS in the cities at High/Ultra (x2 MSAA). -The mouse and keyboard works flawlessly and the gamepad too! (Gamepad for driving, Mouse shooting). -I have a Adata 256GB SSD but my game still take an average of 45 to 60 seconds to fully load the game. -The first Person FOV is horrible, it gives me headaches after a while. -When you die in a Heist, you screen freeze on your characters instead of going in the sky. -Even on a SSD and visibility at MAX, objects/pedestrians and cars still pops out of no where. I recommend this game even if you already have it on Console!
game-hours: 31.6
review: 10/10 would get 30 fps on low settings again #fixyourshit
game-hours: 49.0
review: I shot a black man that was acting hostile towards me, and then the whole hood was out for my blood. 10/10 would try this out in Compton.
game-hours: 38.1
review: Is running like butter at 60 FPS on my GTX 770, at Very High settings. I think Rockstar has finally done it with GTA PC ports. Though it took 2 years, I am glad they made us wait rather than push out a POS. Get it and experience all GTA V has to offer!
game-hours: 3.6
review: It's a really good game. Nice graphics. The graphics amaze me. But I have been getting random FPS drops to the point where the game is unplayable. Is anyone else getting those too or is it just me? I do have a somewhat pretty good computer. But even with the graphics down as low as it can get. I get around 50-70 FPS but random drops to around 20-40 FPS. Maybe it's just me. I don't know. Anyway. Excellent game as always Rockstar. Defiantly worth the wait. The computer is also an AMD? I don't know if that's also a problem.
game-hours: 40.5
review: The PC port for GTA IV was a disaster, so I'm glad that they didn't  this release up! Works perfectly with everything maxed out and you'll stay above 60FPS 99% of the time, atleast with a GTX 980 4GB card! If you're not mentaly handicaped or have parents from hell, then I see no reason for why you haven't gotten this yet... (Hell, you should have gotten it back in 2013, !) Game looks amazing, but the sound effects for the guns are terrible, unfortunatly...
game-hours: 16.6
review: You can't go bowling with Roman. 0/10
game-hours: 42.1
review: It's a great game and it is well optimized for PC. It's crashing every hour or so, though. Please patch.
game-hours: 4.7
review: I am now going to fail all of my exams...
game-hours: 23.8
review: Even though i haven't played this on my account fully i have played it on my mates PC and it is truly the best game iv'e ever played. Would highly recommend! 10/10
game-hours: 91.6
review: Do you recommend this game? I must say Yes for the great game.
game-hours: 29.7
review: Game of the year? Probably once again..:) BTW I recommend to update drivers on your graphic card to avoid FPS drops
game-hours: 16.6
review: Best game on steam!
game-hours: 55.9
review: Kick your own car, cop kills you. 6/5 would kick again.
game-hours: 20.6
review: Why are you reading this when you could be playing GTAV?
game-hours: 51.0
review: Sold my CS:GO Knife and bought this, 10/10 would sell again.
game-hours: 31.2
review: Game looks and plays so much better than the console versions of the game.
game-hours: 43.9
review: The Ultimate Experience!
game-hours: 39.1
review: Great game runs great looks great dont listen to the trolls who talk crap about it they are full of it and dont understand half the graphic settings in the first place
game-hours: 20.0
review: The game is amazing, The optimization is great and over all is just the definitive version of GTA V. I have a video of FPS with GTX 760 and fx-8320 @ 4.2 if your curious about how it runs on a mid range system.
game-hours: 36.4
review: IF I HAD TO CHOOSE BEETWIN THIS GAME AND MY MOTHER I'D CHOOSE THIS GAME EDIT: I'M ORPHAN NOW.
game-hours: 32.0
review: I killed a cat.
game-hours: 10.5
review: Ran over a dog, it died.Cops came for me. Cops/10
game-hours: 116.4
review: Pros: - Runs smooth - Controls don't take much messing around with - Game looks great - Social club integration is so much better than GTA IV - They dropped Games for Windows Live Cons: - Lots of crash bugs - RAM usage can go from 60% to 95% - First heist is buggy - Load times are ridiculously long - Lobbies can sometimes take 5 minutes to enter - Purchased vehicles can disappear - Heist leader has to pay for setup costs, but doesn't get money from completing setups It's a good game but has a lot of problems. 7/10 There is no yes and no recommendation button, $50 would be a more reasonable price.
game-hours: 22.1
review: +++++
game-hours: 67.0
review: It is beautiful.
game-hours: 22.0
review: Even at 15-25 FPS on low settings, I love it. Here's to everyone with crappy PCs who bought the game anyways!
game-hours: 71.1
review: I picked up GTA 5 first on PS3, I gotta say, this one's alot better. There's more cars, More guns, Better textures, Higher framerate, Better shooting, and a tiny eensy weensy bit more mature of a community. Not alot though. Maybe i've just been getting lucky. This is a really great game to let your shiney new high end video cards stretch their legs. At the time of writing this, i have a GTX770, and i usually get 58FPS at high, but have chugging issues on ultra when speeding down a congested highway. Other than that, The game runs fantastic. Controlling the game is a bit odd, especially in first person. You're going to expect it to control like a halflife or any other FPS, but you have to remember you're still controlling a 3d model's animations from a different perspective, so it does take some getting used to. Driving on a keyboard is a chore, but plug in your favorite controller and it's as smooth as silk. Car density is way up. Car variety too. No longer will only mesas spawn till you hike through the woods. Now DLC cars such as the panto, the Alpine look alike, and the Cheetah R spawn. Traffic is now more erratic though. They will constantly juke to stay in your way, and i've had on multiple occasions oncoming dive into my lane across double yellows to hit me. Enemy AI aim seems to of spikes violently too. As of the first week of launch, online is more or less as good if not a little worse than the PS3 version. I had one match where everything was stuttering around, but the others have been alright. There have been some freezing issues. The mod community as of right now is in it's infancy and learning to walk all over again. I do however fear that installing mods in the future will get your online account banned, but only time will tell. So no super super fun mods just yet like we had for GTA 4. All in all, i gotta recommend this game. It
game-hours: 41.1
review: I accidentally put $80,000 spin rims on the first car I got. It was a minivan. 10/10
game-hours: 65.3
review: Best Game all i have to say!
game-hours: 47.5
review: good optimization/great gameplay!
game-hours: 53.8
review: Shot an RPG at a PUG who took flying lessons. 10/10 Charged for animal cruelty
game-hours: 21.1
review: WTF!All is out of control! But don't worry,it's all under our control! Not just a game, it's a real world!
game-hours: 29.5
review: "Thats it this is the best game ever cue the song and dance" -JonTron
game-hours: 58.1
review: this is the best game ever
game-hours: 13.4
review: AWESOME !!!
game-hours: 0.8
review: Very good game!
game-hours: 54.5
review: I Think That I Would Recognize My Own Underwear, Now Give Them Back!
game-hours: 33.8
review: This game is just over over powered! I can finaly go to strip club :D 11|10
game-hours: 45.1
review: I previously owned this game on the Xbox 360 platform, and I have to say is simply, wow. Now, Rockstar has really out done themselves, with a ton of graphical and other technical improvements from the first generation and E3 consoles. With the amazing attention to detail, this game is an amazing all around experience, with thousands of game play material ahead of you. If you are experiencing Grand Theft Auto V for the first time, and are some how on the fence of buying this game, let me just tell you up and front. Scrape up $60, and buy this amazing game. Honestly, I cannot overstate enough, how beautiful this game looks. The water texture, and not to mention the rain and general overall physics of the game. With over a hundred cars and many exciting and unique planes, along with the free DLC's added on, this game will keep you busy for many years to come. Now, let's not forget the story mode. The story mode, quite frankly, is only 69 missions. Now, we you think of it in the context to the previous Grand Theft Auto games, it may seem a little short. When in reality, every mission is carefully crated, and weaves all the characters perfectly into an amazing story line that seems to keep pulling you in deeper as you advance farther along into the story. The heists are amazing, fast paced, adrenaline rushing, and creative (since you get to plan the heists yourself). The only down side to this, (yet I can't blame Rockstar) is how limited your planning can go, into creating your custom heist. With a plan and mostly guided missions and heists, in reality, you have very little decision making to do, (except for the end). With that out of the way, Grand Theft Auto V still tops all of Rockstars previous Grand Theft Auto games. Now on to Grand Theft Auto: Online. Now, personally, I'm not the hugest fan of GTA: O, and I have not invested myself in the online community. Just because I don't play it that much, doesn't take the fact away that GTA: O is well crafted and has a friendly interface and overall setup. You can do anything from playing fun, senseless deathmatches, to planning and executing heists with your friends. Buying apartments and super cars is fulfilling, and satisfying when you look over that skyline of Los Santos. Now, I'm not saying GTA: O will be a joywalk, with level 150's shooting at you with their heavy snipers, blowing up anything they spot. It can be frusturating, but that should even heighten your drive to gain levels and RP, reaching the top of the food chain in Los Santos. This game is amazing, and I there are no major problems or criticisms I have. This game was masterfully crated, and has a well thoughtout map and infrastructure. Yet, the one thing that I really ties the whole game together, is the attention to detail by Rockstar. Every graffti mark, crack, ditch, texture, blade of grass has been strategically placed there, just for your enjoyment. I give this game a 9.7/10, because I want to give Rockstar that 0.3 to improve on, and give them an incentive to make an even better Grand Theft Auto predecessor.
game-hours: 25.9
review: Better than ever.
game-hours: 47.7
review: I usually don't write reviews, but I am writing this for my friends who might see it. This game is a "must buy" - simple as that.
game-hours: 27.9
review: I would sacrifice every alpaca in my farm to play this one more time.
game-hours: 28.8
review: Great games. Nice graphics, awesome gameplay. Online play is really fun. The game has something for everyone no matter what type of gameplay you enjoy.
game-hours: 121.5
review: Fall Damage: The Game
game-hours: 38.0
review: megetbedre
game-hours: 32.3
review: HD BOOBS!!
game-hours: 21.8
review: Simply the best game on this generation. No matter if its on PC or console. Its so much fun to play this game, it never gets boring and you can do everything and anything! Best GTA ever, and probably the best game ever. You just must have it! Theres no better time than this to use the word masterwork: Rockstar did a colossal job creating a huge, visually stunning world chiseled in its finest details, populated by brilliant characters and with highly spectacular and varied gameplay. the city is spectaular and massive it would take solid days to explore, i just cant stress enough how amazing this game is, five years well spent i say
game-hours: 36.4
review: Should of got the disc copy so i could  it
game-hours: 42.6
review: Best game ever!!! 11/10
game-hours: 38.4
review: Watched Chomp hump on some dog at 60FPS 10/10 Worth the 2 year wait
game-hours: 25.5
review: Gr8 game m8 I r8 8/8.
game-hours: 12.3
review: 10/10 would sell butterfly csgo knife again
game-hours: 71.7
review: Worth the weight!
game-hours: 27.1
review: Best game evah!!
game-hours: 52.1
review: good game worth the money
game-hours: 31.7
review: When I first saw that GTA V would come to PCs, I was kind of skeptical, But I bought it anyway. Turns out the graphics are amazing, I also realized how ugly  my Online character was, and the campaign is still just as fun. Oh yeah, and I should mention: no 12 year olds!
game-hours: 43.3
review: Accidentally tripped, head buttet a guy in the nuts while falling, he died, cops shot me. Sandbox at it's best, folks! :D Besides that I have to say that it's just... staggering. The controls are so smooth, so good, so... perfect, you can really tell people actually gave a damn when they were porting this game. This game was definately worth the wait.
game-hours: 122.5
review: GTA 5 Long awaited GTA. It's here for PC. HURRAY. Solo play is great. lots of things to do. Hours of fun. Online play is soso. Threre are some issues, like load times and crashes. Getting kicked after 2min I feal is short for being idle. I have tryed to play the Races but its the same every time. You get the lead and someone knocks you out of the race. Very child like behavior with most players. Vocabulary of most players is "N this and F that". Sometimes the LAG is real. Playing on servers with multy nationals makes aiming difficult because of the ping. I played with my European friend.... unable to hit him do to the net code or ping. idk. Lets talk HEIST. Sometimes the wait is very long to find players. If your fourth person disconnects you can not continue with the Heist. Looks amazing. Even able to play on lower end PC.
game-hours: 21.5
review: Best 60$ loading screen I've ever seen!
game-hours: 17.6
review: This one is up there with the greatest video games I have ever played. There are so many things to do in Los Santos, and so many ways to do them. Every single mechanic in this game is impeccably polished, and feels great. This is the most convincing open world I have ever seen, and really immerses you in a way that no other game has before. The fact that it can run so well on even mid-range hardware blows my mind. This is the one and only game that I would recommend for a $60 price tag - It feels like a steal compared to many other full price games. Pick it up as soon as you can, you need to experience it to believe it.
game-hours: 41.0
review: 33 hours gametime stamping on wildlife. 10/10 poaching sim would stamp again
game-hours: 12.3
review: 10/10 would sell butterfly csgo knife again
game-hours: 28.3
review: Very Very Good Game
game-hours: 31.8
review: Found mac in high end appartment 0/10 Just kidding. Amazing game. Well worth the wait and $60
game-hours: 33.0
review: It's simply awesome! I've played through whole GTA series and I think that the last one is pretty cool. Picture is fine even on mid-range PCs, story is rich and funny sometimes, music is various and well-picked. Online mode is ok, but a bit odd  maybe because of the console-way. But still  highly recommended for everyone and especially for GTA fans!
game-hours: 10.6
review: Dammmmmmmm <3 5/5
game-hours: 27.1
review: Best game evah!!
game-hours: 6.2
review: Watch ESL ONE KATOWICE 2015 on Twitch and get a cobblestone package. I sold it bought GTA V. ing Worth it. 10/10 Would watch CS:GO tournaments.
game-hours: 28.7
review: HOMIE
game-hours: 27.8
review: Playing this game for the Yoga Simulator. Finding my innerself with Fabien LaRouche 10/10
game-hours: 45.3
review: Dad couldn't tell if it was real life or virtual game. 10/10 must buy.
game-hours: 33.7
review: Rock Solid Performance, SP Rocks, MP Even better. BUY IT NOW.
game-hours: 16.4
review: This game is everything I expected it to be! Fantastic story, gameplay, amazing multiplayer and much more! Totally worth the 60$
game-hours: 186.4
review: GTA has been a favorite series of mine since the first game. In those days, it was very convenient for party play-- pop in some cheats and hand off to the next person when you died. Nobody did the missions except if you were the only one playing. This trend continued on into 2 and 3, where multiplayer either did not exist (or on PC, couldn't get it to work easily) or didn't matter. The real first experience with multiplayer I had was Multi Theft Auto for Vice City. From that moment on, the dream of multiplayer GTA meant stupid, impossible feats. San Andreas reached that peak in singleplayer but lacked multiplayer beyond co-op (sad). GTA has many capacities: for GTA V, you have to take the game as two seperate parts delineated on borders of functionality. GTA Online is to a lesser degree, an excellent game; however, the reason one would play GTA Online is because singleplayer, after finishing the story, becomes a dull, boring affair with little of the emergent content present in GTAO. That emergent content, however, is dull, too, once you've become accustomed to it. If you have imagination, GTA (any GTA) can be enjoyable. I will discuss both GTAO and GTA V in each facet to help you determine whether this game is a heap of dog crap or a brilliant, postmodern mockery of sandbox games. First of all, GTAO has microtransactions, and it is stupid. It goes against everything imaginable for a decent company like Rockstar to engage in this nonsense-- microtransactions are a nuisance and a micro-economy of fake money injected into games using your real money. It is unscrupulous and unethical, and I think this personally, that it is a great, albeit evil, business model. GTAO might be preying on stupid, casual, or lazy players who suck at GTA, are 12 and have mom's credit card, or weary, married-too-young males who work a lot and just buy their way to success in P2W games. Still, endorsing a Dave and Buster's style microeconomy of optional pay walls to content is tantamount to encouraging it, even if you plan to gain marginal sales on their Shark Cards (they made a lot of money, actually). GTAO and singelplayer suffer from the same gameplay issues that every GTA eventually runs into; GTAO makes up for lack of minigames and activities by always adding more content over time. As of yet, singleplayer is dead due to no new content injection. A major change to the gameplay is the quality of graphics and the new viewpoint. The first-person view adds immense icing on the cake of new graphical fidelity which puts the game far ahead of any competitor. Even when textures look like runny jpeg slosh, the after-effects and great breadth of options mean that even without texture modding, the game will look fine for quite a while. GTA IV is still getting new leases on life because both games leave a lot of room for personal taste for modders to eventually exploit and manipulate to get more intensive graphics (yet to be seen, but the game just came out). The lowest generation versions (PS3 and 360) were quite bad looking, washy textures and terrible aliasing abounding, but the games still had excellent, visionary quality for that generation's horribly gimped graphical power. It's quite an achievement that even on low settings, the game is functional-- functional is the least I can say for games, since the last big sandbox games I played a lot, Black Flag and Watchdogs, were pretty... pretty . They were functional messes at their best, and glitchy, contorted eppileptic siezures at worst. GTA V on PC still has glitches (though I have had few pop-in issues) and crashing, but it's far more stable than many multi-console port/mish-mash games I've been uncomfortable playing. A major issue I have with these games, that is GTA V's various versions, is that as updates and content have been implemented, there is a major difference between singleplayer and multiplayer driving/handling configurations. Cars go slow or faster depending on the patch, and there's awful discrepencies even in Online alone between the lag you experience: when I do normal missions in full servers on this PC version, I rarely experience floating cars and pop-in. Now, in every Heist-related mission, there is lag, pop-in, invisible cars, and fgloating cars dropping in on me. Consistent with PS3 (my previous generation version), Rockstar expends a lot of energy issuing small one-day patches that clear up exploits and glitches-- but not ones that functionally break the game! No! They focus on exploits and hacking related to people griefing or making money (taking away from their Shark Card revenue) or duplicating cars. This goes hand-in-hand with contentious, still, approaches to "bad sports." I have never even been fully on bad sport lobbies, but I hate that you cannot avoid it. Accidental car destructiuon happens constantly. GTA IV had many of the greater qualities that made fan-created multiplayer (especially SAMP) so much fun: in other words, we need to stop having draconian rules about personal-vehicles. Implement a server list so people can implement rules like "no cops" or "no personal vehicle insurance claims." Being able to ban or give tanks to players outside of missions would be a plus; more control of the lobby-like free mode would make this game immensely better! GTA IV multiplayer was enjoyable, yet I do not want to give up new ideas like persitant weapons or personal vehicles, but insurance and whatnot is so superfluous and pointless that I cannot stand it. I get it, Rockstar! Sticky bombing peoples cars in a game about robbery and murder is a bully behavior (from the guys who made a great game called BULLY). The soundtrack is excellent-- though, a lot of wierdness comes from the ambient soundtrack. I just wish there was a seperate soundbar for just THAT ambient music. The roster of artists is very good, varied, large. One feature I wish would one day be added is updates with new music after launch... a pipedream, I know, but GTAO is being built on a longterm profit and update model. As for the sound effects, they are superb. The game has a quality more like GTA IV, where I don't hear a lot of the sam pedestrian dialogue, but it also falls in line with an overly serious tone the game takes (no quotable dumb pedestrian lines). As for story- and this is my final topic- I can only be brief. There's many elements to the characterizations and the cast that makes the game a compelling GAME, and not some cinematic experience. There are definitely moments where it goes over into that territory but often this is temporary and is pointed out. We are not given characters that fall down under examination or have no criticism from the world beyond police and an antagonist. There is self-deprecation and there is deprecation from these characters' families and friends. As for the preachy, left-wing/right-wing saoccer mom/social justice warrior critiques of this game's treatment of LGBT topics: this game is incredibly fair and kind to everyone involved. Major themes critique the protaganists, their society, and the enemies that motivate the main characters. You're going to feel sorry for things you do. I don't know how this is any less a story about reluctant criminals than the previous: in 3, it's forced revenge to deal with a romantic betrayal. In Vice City, it's forced independence to escape your betrayers. In San Andreas, it's forced everything by everyone, often because of their crimes and weakness. GTA IV was about an immigrant dealing with America, forced to flee his past. Now we have three protaganists fitting these previous games (Franklin and CJ, Michael and Vercetti, Trevor and Claude). In closing, I give it a number out of a number. GTA is still hectic, even if you don't like the HD era. It's a ing parody of its own meaningless, plagiarized movie plots. Online is fine and good, even when it disappoints... you'll still play it. And where's the co-op R*??? WHERE?!
game-hours: 34.8
review: What do you mean you don't have this game yet?
game-hours: 56.8
review: Robbed a grocery store with my dad and some good friends.
game-hours: 18.3
review: (tl;dr: Game is a masterpiece) After 18 months of delay after delay, GTA V is finally here, and I can firmly say that it was worth the wait. The game is the best version to have come out. The game has delivered on everything that was promised and it runs like a dream. Pros: 1. Amazing Gameplay: Gun play is perfect and very fluid. Playing in 1st person mode is incredible, and the mouse aiming is as good as it was Max Payne 3. Driving in the game is fantastic. I use the M/K the whole time, even when driving. Since I play in 1st person mode completely, I find that driving with a keyboard works really well. Plus the cars are heavy and well balanced, so your car doesn't swerve all over the place like some do when you use a keyboard. 2. Optimization: I've put many hours into the game so far, and apart from some early FPS drops, I haven't had any major issues. I run the game almost completely maxed out, with MSAA turned off and advanced graphics turned off. The game offers you up one of the most detailed settings menu I've ever seen. From your standard graphics options, all the way to the number of people that appear on the screen. They took their time and truly did a wonderful job. 3. Story: One of the biggest issues I had with GTA 4 was the boring story and protagonist. Luckily, R* fixed this by adding three playable characters, all with their own unique skills and missions. The game combines the three quite well, so you never feel like is less significant than the other. Even though the game centers around Michaels life and problems, the story very naturally intertwines the other two in there perfectly. 4. GTA Online: I haven't spent much time in this, but from what I've been able to do, it seems pretty good. This is the weakest part of the game imo, but that's mostly because I'm not a big fan of MP. I haven't done the heist yet, but from what I've seen, it seems like it was worth the wait. Cons: 1. Can't think of anything major tbh. Not saying the game is flawless, but there is nothing major that I've come across that I would put as a con. While this game isn't perfect, and I wouldn't put it in my top 5, it is still a masterpiece of a game that will appeal to just about everyone. While the game had a rocky launch, it seems to be running well for almost everyone now. So please don't listen to those people who gave it a negative review on day 1 because they couldn't get on. I understand their pain, but the game runs and plays like a dream, so don't deny yourself this amazing experience just because a few people drew the short straw. For me, this game is a solid 10/10.
game-hours: 4.4
review: cousin lets go bowling lmoa
game-hours: 2.6
review: It's like Zombie Army Trilogy but with cars.
game-hours: 44.2
review: Coming from the PS3 to the Master Race, this is a huge upgrade. This game is a must buy and you'll never regret your choice. This is by far my favorite GTA ever since San Andreas and Vice City!! PROS: -Graphic updates -all past dlc included even the collectors edition exclusive vehicles. -Emmersive story -great characters -First Person Mode works great. -Smooth 60 FPS!! -Huge selection of vehicles. Land and Air!! -Never gets boring -Great online that has you playing countless missions to level up and get money. -GTA Online transfer system works great for all returning players from consoles -Online Heists!!!! CONS: -In GTA Online, it can be hard to get money for everything you want unless you play heists. -More Freaks and Geeks can be added, the ones already in the game are great!
game-hours: 3.6
review: Looks like a great game but crashes everytime i open it, and i do meet the requirments. So annoying to spend money on something that constantly crashes. ANNOYING
game-hours: 81.1
review: Go in son's room Pick up bong Sit down, take a few rips Go downstairs Drop the projector Switch to channel 2 chain smoke cigarettes 10/10 would real life again
game-hours: 21.0
review: Didn't buy this game for the gameplay, bought it for the reggae music. 10/10 would reggae again.
game-hours: 109.4
review: GRAND THEFT AUTO V : Loading And Out
game-hours: 62.7
review: Only problem I've had so far is the memory leak. Works great even with it, though.
game-hours: 10.8
review: Vote for me in 2016
game-hours: 12.2
review: PS3-Check PS4-Check PC-Check I've spent $180 on this game buying it three times, and you know what, it's money well spent. GET. THIS. GAME.
game-hours: 64.1
review: Very good game
game-hours: 29.0
review: UBISOFT has to learn from Rockstar how to optimized games.
game-hours: 29.0
review: UBISOFT has to learn from Rockstar how to optimized games.
game-hours: 20.8
review: good geym
game-hours: 55.3
review: Played 16 hours of it in the first day it came out. So yeah, I recommend it.
game-hours: 92.1
review: Best GTA ever made. :]
game-hours: 66.3
review: I C A N N O T S T O P H A L P P L E A S E (   )
game-hours: 51.8
review: Crashes at launcher itself. Money burnt. Feeling pissed. UPDATE: Read some posts in the discussions page. Found out that the launcher crash is related to nvidia optimus "technology". Have to disable my nvidia gpu before starting the launcher and thereafter enable it again. The game works now and is pretty well optimized (so no complaints there). But the fact that you have to do this stuff everytime you want to play blows. UPDATE 2: Well, A 427 MB update fixed the launcher problem and now I have no problems recommending this game.
game-hours: 41.3
review: This is seriously the best GTA I have ever played. This is the true GTA V experience and this is how the developers wanted the game to be. I really really love this game! 10/10
game-hours: 71.7
review: Worth the weight!
game-hours: 31.7
review: When I first saw that GTA V would come to PCs, I was kind of skeptical, But I bought it anyway. Turns out the graphics are amazing, I also realized how ugly  my Online character was, and the campaign is still just as fun. Oh yeah, and I should mention: no 12 year olds!
game-hours: 43.4
review: Accidentally tripped, head buttet a guy in the nuts while falling, he died, cops shot me. Sandbox at it's best, folks! :D Besides that I have to say that it's just... staggering. The controls are so smooth, so good, so... perfect, you can really tell people actually gave a damn when they were porting this game. This game was definately worth the wait.
game-hours: 42.6
review: I'm never off this game 10/10
game-hours: 43.6
review: Hookers <3 69/69
game-hours: 63.8
review: I got into the GTA series with GTA 3, a very long time ago. It was fun, then VC came out, they improved on it, slightly. It was also fun. Then Rockstar decided to up the duty on the series and released SA. Now that was major fun. You could fly, you could swim, you could dive, you could do so much. And it was a story mode based game, but in a sandbox form. You could go anyplace, do anything. It really changed the way games are made. In my opinion. Rockstar then screwed up with GTA IV, forcing everyone into a world where the game could only be played online. No way to play it offline. They improved the graphic's, but screwed up the game play with such things as plane and heli controls. In that, Rockstar has once again failed. Forcing everyone into the Social Club to be able to play a game they just spent 60 bucks on. The Social Club is the biggest waste that I have seen out of the folks at Rockstar. But really no other real complaints to be said. HOWEVER. Rockstar truly stepped up with the sandbox form of game world, while keeping the story mode like they did in SA. The world is massive, it's a thrill, the graphic's are beyond belief. The game AI seems to have been changed, tweeked and improved. Rockstar added in cats, deer, dogs, even rats running around in Los Santos. And I still keep finding things in the game world that I never thought possible in a game like this. GTA V is one spectacular achievement in game world physic's, game play and with the sandbox enviroment. Rockstar truly has redefined the bar, yet again. Since GTA V unlocked for PC on Steam, I have put in 18 hrs, split between story mode and in the online world. And this is an achievement beyond anything I could have imagined. It behaves much like SA, and that has really drawn me in. But this isn't SA, this is 1,000 times better. I will miss my old SA, But GTA V has drawn me in. I'm hooked.
game-hours: 36.8
review: looks great, works great, is great was not disappointed
game-hours: 23.3
review: Robbed a persons quad bike and he called me a d-i-c-k tickler 10/10 best game ever
game-hours: 40.4
review: One of the greatest games in this decades. One of the few games that made me laugh out loud as well.
game-hours: 16.2
review: Even better Thug Life Simulator than GTA IV! 11/10 Would play again!
game-hours: 68.2
review: It's GTA V. Need i say more? PS. It ruins social live :(
game-hours: 111.3
review: a black cop tased me as Michael. 10/10 rasict gonna race,wait
game-hours: 50.1
review: AAA Masterpiece If you wint to know -Buy this game -Download it -Have Fun
game-hours: 44.8
review: 11/10 - godbye real life ,hello los santos !
game-hours: 15.2
review: One of the best PC games ever released. It is just that good.
game-hours: 28.7
review: Haven't had a single problem, everything runs smooth on 8 GB RAM, i7 4770K@3.5 GHz and MSI R9 280X. The game is well optimized. Unfortunately, I can see that there are many people who can't launch this game because of some problems with Social Club. Hope that it can be fixed soon. We know everything else about this game, so I'll just make a quick conclusion - like I said, I haven't had a single problem, so I definitely recommend this game, especially if you haven't already played it on consoles.
game-hours: 13.0
review: After "playing" GTA IV on PC, I had few expectations for the PC port of this game to even run. Rockstar has really learned something though. I get a constant 45-60 fps on ~high settings with my 750 ti. And the game is great fun, so much to do. 10/10 best $60 I've ever spent (except for cs:go :^))
game-hours: 2.7
review: BEST GAME EVER!!!
game-hours: 21.6
review: GTA V is DA BEST ONLINE BECAUSE PRE-PURCHES MONEY$$$$$$$$$
game-hours: 9.5
review: Once you go FPS , there is no turning back. I had this for my PS3 , I will sell it so I have this here now. The games is still incredible but after Rockstar's new stuff , it's a total killer. Would buy it 10 more times in 10 different times.
game-hours: 7.2
review: Good game
game-hours: 53.9
review: Too too good...can't stop playing!
game-hours: 63.7
review: One does not know true pain until they've downloaded GTA V at 600kb/s. 10/10 Would download ag... nvm I wouldnt
game-hours: 38.2
review: ! JUST PLAY IT, FOR THE SAKE OF HUMANITY WHY ARE YOU EVEN READING REVIEWS?
game-hours: 13.6
review: i highly recommend this game as t is amazing and deserves every good rating ti gets. It has a vast amount of opportunities in online and a very captivating storyline. Even the after game of the single player story mode is great.
game-hours: 80.3
review: Everyone was excited for this game on PC. It's better than those console peasant versions. This version is ................ Amazing. Amazing doesn't even describe it enough. Pros: - Enjoyable gameplay, many things to do online as well as in single player. - Online is really well done, except for the disconnect bug still around. Gang attacks, jobs everywhere, robbing stores, blowing vehicles up like a boss. - Team play is very beneficial, allows you to fight stronger, play quicker, and enjoy the game even more. Also encouraged really well. - Graphics are amazing, fantastic quality all over the game. Cons: - Desync bug online, shows everyone leaving the game all at once. Really really irritating. - Needs an above average computer to run. - You can get banned for blowing peoples vehicles up to often, and yet there is "Passive mode" that makes it so you can't be killed by players. Not to mention there are vehicles almost impossible to kill people in, how are you suppose to defend yourself?
game-hours: 77.1
review: in the stripper club. 1337/69 IGN rated.
game-hours: 62.4
review: Played the game non stop for 15 hours. 10/10 would play for 100 more!!
game-hours: 15.2
review: one of the best GTA'S i've played ! and the port for Pc is a sucess i have to say.
game-hours: 32.0
review: Best Game! :D
game-hours: 23.3
review: If you're reading this you're already going to buy the game, so just do it :D
game-hours: 34.0
review: one word BEAST!
game-hours: 80.7
review: A game by rockstar studios. He is an adventure game with a lot to see. If you are a fan of Grand Theft Auto and you didn't buy it, you made a mistake. All of the old features are there with more, except now the graphics are good, the online is a bit better. New to grand theft auto ?The main point of the game. It is a sandbox, you can get some guns, cars, bombs. You have a huge and super detailed map to play in, almost every city block there are side streets, alleyways with cover, almost every building you can climb onto the roof from the ground level, if not, you can just park a car near one of the ledges to get up. If you are bored a great way to kill time is to see if you can survive the high wanted levels, to do it just find some enemies or police characters, shoot them, you have three stars and now you just have to survive for long enough to get 4 and 5. But, be careful because early in the game you won't have many guns or ammunition, and even if you get some armor, you will die quickly. You will learn fast that to survive a gunfight in GTA you must aim to swiftly kill enemies before they swarm you and always be in cover. "Only show yourself to the enemy you are currently shooting, and only let him see you for as long as it takes you to kill him." - Wise words by unkown authors. For returning player: Old controls - you can still run and jump into enemies to knock them over/stumble. Shotguns still very powerful, computer enemies can kill you in 2 hits so beware. Headshots are instant kill with any weapon. and i think if you even have body armor even the smallest pistol will do it. There is still a purpose for shooting at bodies though because most guns can kill in 5 to 6 shots, as for computer enemies they will take an entire magazine to the chest yes, but you will knock them over, and buy yourself time if you been caught off guard. Blind shooting form cover became much more powerful you can consistently score headshots on far away enemies and you should abuse the opportunity. Remember how even in GTA 3 if you are on a bike doing a wheelie. You want to get over a low wall by hitting the bike against the wall and gliding over. You can still do it. But be careful, on your bike if you go off a huge jump even if you land on both wheels you can die insta unless something breaks your fall. Melee- one of the biggest changes to combat is how melee works. Now melee is very powerful. Attacks against enemies who are not facing you will hit harder. Against computer enemies/pedestrians who are not aware of your presence it will always be a one shot kill even if you have no weapon. Sprinting into an enemy to attack them will trigger a charge attack that takes some extra time but lets you lock onto them from afar and guarantee a hit. Against pedestrians this is almost always a one hit kill, though sometimes cops will survive a knife to the gut, just hit them again as they will be stunned. If you have a firearm of any sort, a melee attack is almost always going to one shot kill, if not it will knock the enemy on the ground not just stumble them back. Also dodging will no longer fail if you already pressed "Space" to dodge but did it at the wrong time, it will still work now, you can even counter because it will break the enemy's attack animations up just the same. So in the melee you have much more options now, but be careful, because bullets travel faster than fists. This said. Grand theft is known for somewhat laggy multiplayer. You will every now and then see someone teleporting around even if you are in their car. It is one of the most complicated games ever guaranteed much more is going on than any other game adventure or not. Expect it respect and just get used to it. I mention it now because, as melee is powerful, you can expect to really get killed in stupid ways by melee in Online just rare. There is really no skill to melee in PvP due to lag and teleports. If you go to the gladiator arena this is my suggestion: gang up vs. enemies, never attempt 1v1 unless you do charge attack from behind, because more are coming, you will get swamped extremely fast because their charge attack will let them teleport on you and you cannot dodge 4 people for long. Spam your dodge (space by default) and counter if you need to. But most importantly. Don't put yourself in a place to get hit in the first place, unless your goal is to soak up hits and focus on dodging blows so your friends can hit them more easily, enemies who are attacking cannot dodge. You don't need to ancitipate attacks to dodge, as I said before, just mash space, you will be fine. But expect to die even if you are being very safe, do not get mad if you do, just keep playing, GTA is a hectic game of killing and dying and don't let those MLG kids fool you, it is OK to lose if you had fun. But especially for melee, you cannot always control your fate. The game decides when a melee strike is going to hit the target as soon as it is launched. Nothing, not even walls or other players will stop the hit. Meaning you are guaranteed to die eventually as someone will lock on All of those things they did not have support for now supported. For example you are now allowed to tab out of the game when you are on multiplayer, it won't kick you anymore, in case you are in need of a guide, or pictures of what that apartment you are buying looks like, where to find that car (some cars seen more in certain areas), etc Not sure about mod support. But you can chose your own spots for deathmatches, define the rules, where the pick-ups are, and place vehicles and AI down. It is simple to download them with Rockstar Gaming's new social club thing. There are some cool maps like rifles vs. racers where rifles are using snipers on top of a floating platform in the sky and the racers need to do stunt jump to try and ram them off the platform or land on it, jump out, and knife them. Both hard to do. It can even be fun in 4v4 but rifles almost always win, with more players it becomes much more difficult to dodge the flying cars as the snipers. Performance - I am on some old hardware, some new. but I am running the game at a good framerate. If you are worried GTA will not run you are probably just guessing, because my friend has an i2 processor and i have i3 now and we are both running the game fine dual core and all. I can even record the game in 60 fps not talking about the action replay either. If you could run GTA IV, you can run this, but better, because it is a more optimized game overall. Same with Max Payne, if you can run it, you can run this. Even the video rendering is quicker, and you get the option for the renderer to do your video in max graphics, in case you are like me, just using budget PC. Videos look great in Rockstar rendered for this reason. New video editor is much more responsive than old one, with many more options. One new thing you can do is add a "score track" what is an easily modifiable song. You can change its intensity, so for one part of your clip you can have slower quieter music, and you can build it up to its max intensity for your most important scenes. You can also now skip to the time of the next beat with the press of a button, so to sync up your video to your music, is much easier. Beware video recorders, if you record in First person you cannot change the camera angle in the editor, it will be locked. The real truth is at this point GTA 4 is a tech demo compared to this game. If you liked the way Red Dead Redemption controlled, then you are in for a treat, the game is just as good. And if you are a real GTA fan you will buy this game as it is all improved. The only reason to not buy it is if you are waiting for a sale as summer is right around the corner. Will Rockstar studios let us do mods in the future, I dont know, but if they add more freedom to the ingame creator tools so far it will almost forgive that little mistake.
game-hours: 39.2
review: Grand theft Auto V Is a really fun and great open world sandbox with really nice graphics and city with a good story and online mode its the ultimate version of gta and it runs really good unlike gta iv on the pc was good job rockstar #pc master race
game-hours: 111.9
review: Robbed a store with a C-4 9.9/10 - IGN
game-hours: 60.1
review: Good game but theres no GFWL so I'm not sure I can recommend. It really brought the experience together in IV.
game-hours: 16.6
review: god
game-hours: 7.0
review: Superb Game in History of GTA best game ever for open world <3
game-hours: 38.4
review: Watched Chomp hump on some dog at 60FPS 10/10 Worth the 2 year wait
game-hours: 25.5
review: Gr8 game m8 I r8 8/8.
game-hours: 9.8
review: The PC version of GTA V is definitely the best version.
game-hours: 45.8
review: +Fun +Trevor +Humor +Dialogue +Weapons +Many ways to die +Customizing cars +Flying helicopters +Use taxi if the mission is far +Running people over -Hospital Fee -Soundtrack is horrible (use your own music only) -Textures -Price -Cars turning into my lane -Flying planes is still  -Scripted intersections and events -Needs 8+ GB of VRAM for ultra and still looks like
game-hours: 21.8
review: My team gets mad at me when i kill myself at the end of heists 10/10
game-hours: 62.0
review: ganda jogo !
game-hours: 20.2
review: HOLY HOLY LORD FINALLY A GAME THAT I CAN PLAY FOR HOURS AND NOT GET BORED that 18 hour wait was so f~~king worth it. thank you Rockstar we luv u
game-hours: 37.9
review: The game itself is absolutely amazing, if you have a good rig you should definitely pick it up. Unfortunately for me it has a lot of stuttering (Mostly in online), but I did remove some of the stuttering by removing the in-game Steam overlay. I have got it to work sometimes where the framerate is 70+ on high (With an i7-2600k, GTX 770 & 8 GB RAM) in singleplayer with barely any stuttering what so ever, but the game has a life of itself that I have no control of. Amazing game that I sadly can't run too well. **Edit 17th of April:** Rockstar released a patch that fixed my game, so all the stuttering is gone and the game works just fine now. Thanks Rockstar! 10/10
game-hours: 9.2
review: 10/10 would press safe mode again! I really enjoy watching friends play a game that I can't play because Rockstar has had the best launch days.
game-hours: 25.3
review: "Do you like dags?" The joke fell on deaf ears. I turned to Corey and exclaimed "There are a lot of different types of dogs in this game." Seriously. Pugs, Rotts, Shepards. I have never played a game that took the time to actually render several different breeds of dogs, rather than a lame color swap. The word immersive is not an adequate description for this game. I played it on PS3 for a few days but my old hands cannot aim on controller, I lost interest quickly. Being able to drive with a controller and swap to a mouse and keyboard setup without touching a menu is genius. The game runs smooth as butter on a mid range system. With an i5-3570k, 16GB and a 680 GTX I can pull 60 fps in mostly very high settings. Nary a stutter or pop-up tree or building in sight. I spent 40 minutes just driving around, obeying the traffic laws, listening to Fernando give me his views on Feminism. I haven't heard the same repetitive crap from the NPC's that seems to plague other open world games, what I like to call the "arrow to the knee" problem. This is the first game in a long time that I feel completely justified in spending sixty dollars on. Here in America, talk is cheap. Even so, buy this game. I like it so much I wasted time writing a small review for you.
game-hours: 13.6
review: well, my childhood comes back with more explicit experience in virtual world,, this such a badass super awesome game i found out throughout these years... WELL DONE, AWESOME JOB ROCKSTARS !!!
game-hours: 24.7
review: It runs like a dream the graphics are a dream it's well optimized and is one of the best PC ports RockStar has done in a long  time! If you own the Xbone and or PS4 version I really don't see a need to pick this up however if you were holding out until the PC version well let me tell you all of your patience paid off.
game-hours: 24.9
review: Got on and waited for Roman to call to go bowling. Now I miss him..
game-hours: 8.0
review: This is a good game, but I find it difficult to play it for many hours due to me already playing on Xbox 360 when it was originally released for the console. It's very similar to the Xbox One, and PS4 release apart from obviously 60 FPS (frames per second) and better graphics. I can tell a difference in the graphics and the game looks incredible and isn't very demanding which is good. The game suffers from a large about of bugs due to the new, and recent release but nothing that can't be fixed. It honestly sucks that we had to wait just under 2 years for the PC port and it's still full of irritating and game breaking bugs which effect the overall game experience. But putting that aside - By the far the best GTA in the series IMO and a good port apart from the bugs. I recommend this game to any GTA fan, and anybody who wants to experience an unrealistic machine gun town 3rd person/1st person shooter.
game-hours: 71.1
review: Give me back my life
game-hours: 28.3
review: Very Very Good Game
game-hours: 92.2
review: Best GTA ever made. :]
game-hours: 55.3
review: Played 16 hours of it in the first day it came out. So yeah, I recommend it.
game-hours: 21.8
review: My team gets mad at me when i kill myself at the end of heists 10/10
game-hours: 45.8
review: +Fun +Trevor +Humor +Dialogue +Weapons +Many ways to die +Customizing cars +Flying helicopters +Use taxi if the mission is far +Running people over -Hospital Fee -Soundtrack is horrible (use your own music only) -Textures -Price -Cars turning into my lane -Flying planes is still  -Scripted intersections and events -Needs 8+ GB of VRAM for ultra and still looks like
game-hours: 62.0
review: ganda jogo !
game-hours: 63.7
review: One does not know true pain until they've downloaded GTA V at 600kb/s. 10/10 Would download ag... nvm I wouldnt
game-hours: 15.1
review: Fantastic. I owned the game on Xbox One and 360 and I thought it would be a waste of money to get on PC. Regardless, I pre-ordered it and took a risk. I would never turn back. I don't have the best PC, GTX 750ti, AMD FX 6300 and 8GB RAM and etc. It runs beautifully, I have it all set to high running a smooth 60 FPS with Textures set to normal. I set everything to Very High and leave textures on normal and I get between 45 to 59 FPS, never drops below. Fantastic game. Looks so amazing on PC and I would recommend to anyone. It was well worth the wait and the added pre-order money doesn't go unnoticed. Only thing I don't like is how we use our Social Club names not steam, and I have my social club name as an old gamertag and I have to wait a year in between changes and it doesn't say how long I have left to wait. Doesn't affect the game in any way whatsoever. Fantastic.
game-hours: 13.3
review: This is a good Free roam game
game-hours: 37.4
review: At the point of this writing, I have put over 32 hours into this game so far, I have only completed about 30-32% of the Single Player and i haven't touched the Multi Player as of yet. The game is so much fun its insane. The music and talk programs grab my attention so much that all I do is ride around on motorcycles and listen to them. They are a few minor issues like random frame drops, but they are more annoying than game breaking. This is a GREAT PORT; I highly recommend buying this game. 8/10. P.S: give my bro Trevor some love too, just like Franklin
game-hours: 72.3
review: This game is okay.
game-hours: 32.0
review: :)
game-hours: 82.6
review: Quite simply, a masterpiece. I have this game for the Xbox One as well as PC, the PC version is the icing on the cake for a superb series. This title is a must-have in your PC collection. It looks beautiful, has a social following vast in numbers and has more playability than any other title out there. Whether you want to squad up and hit the heists, or relax in free-mode getting into all sorts of trouble, the simple and mundane will have you entertained for hours. A++ PC Title of 2015 by a country mile.
game-hours: 64.0
review: thanks for beta testing :^)
game-hours: 53.1
review: Lived up to the hype.
game-hours: 92.9
review: Love it :)
game-hours: 17.5
review: I haven't fully played a grand theft auto game since Vice city. My friends have been raving about Grand theft auto 5 and I was on the fence about it because I outgrew the game and wasn't my cup of tea anymore (I was wrong). I took a chance and bought it and wow I do not regret my purchase one bit! :D The world looks beautiful (granted if you have a decent pc rig to play it), the game mechanics are pretty fluid, missions are creative, and the story is fantastic! I was never really interested in the story much for the past GTA i've played, but this one has gotten me hooked. The characters are very memorable and well developed, you can easily connect with them at all times. I haven't ran into many bugs (yet) in the main story mode. The online experience so far is so-so. The open world and missions that you do are pretty fun against other players. Although it gets really laggy and glitchy often whenever I play with some friends, not sure why this happens, but it does kill the mood a little bit. Overall though, it's decent, but if you're in it for just the online multiplayer portion then I would probably wait a little bit until things get fixed and optimized. Again that's just my experience, I would do a little more research about online experiences from others before purchasing. Honestly, with that little negative asside I could go on and on about how awesome this game is, but that would turn this mini review into a book. If you don't mind the violence, (lots of) swear words, drugs, etc... Then this is a game for you and a must buy :D
game-hours: 65.4
review: Thanks consoles for kickstarting the actual game for us.
game-hours: 2.4
review: best gta since SA
game-hours: 43.4
review: Best PC game ever made. I've been playing games online since Duke Nukem 3d
game-hours: 64.0
review: I got into the GTA series with GTA 3, a very long time ago. It was fun, then VC came out, they improved on it, slightly. It was also fun. Then Rockstar decided to up the duty on the series and released SA. Now that was major fun. You could fly, you could swim, you could dive, you could do so much. And it was a story mode based game, but in a sandbox form. You could go anyplace, do anything. It really changed the way games are made. In my opinion. Rockstar then screwed up with GTA IV, forcing everyone into a world where the game could only be played online. No way to play it offline. They improved the graphic's, but screwed up the game play with such things as plane and heli controls. In that, Rockstar has once again failed. Forcing everyone into the Social Club to be able to play a game they just spent 60 bucks on. The Social Club is the biggest waste that I have seen out of the folks at Rockstar. But really no other real complaints to be said. HOWEVER. Rockstar truly stepped up with the sandbox form of game world, while keeping the story mode like they did in SA. The world is massive, it's a thrill, the graphic's are beyond belief. The game AI seems to have been changed, tweeked and improved. Rockstar added in cats, deer, dogs, even rats running around in Los Santos. And I still keep finding things in the game world that I never thought possible in a game like this. GTA V is one spectacular achievement in game world physic's, game play and with the sandbox enviroment. Rockstar truly has redefined the bar, yet again. Since GTA V unlocked for PC on Steam, I have put in 18 hrs, split between story mode and in the online world. And this is an achievement beyond anything I could have imagined. It behaves much like SA, and that has really drawn me in. But this isn't SA, this is 1,000 times better. I will miss my old SA, But GTA V has drawn me in. I'm hooked.
game-hours: 37.0
review: looks great, works great, is great was not disappointed
game-hours: 23.3
review: Robbed a persons quad bike and he called me a d-i-c-k tickler 10/10 best game ever
game-hours: 40.4
review: One of the greatest games in this decades. One of the few games that made me laugh out loud as well.
game-hours: 129.1
review: Excellent game. There are a lot of content. No one stops for pedistrians, including NPC. So watch out. Flying chopper with mouse & keyboard is awful. Just let some teammate with controller do it.
game-hours: 16.2
review: Even better Thug Life Simulator than GTA IV! 11/10 Would play again!
game-hours: 35.9
review: Fantastic! Absolutly love this game. Been working flawlesly since day one. So happy I can finally play GTA V on PC. My xbox broke a month before it came out, so I never bothered to play it. The wait was worth it! 10/10
game-hours: 71.3
review: This game is fun, but HOLY ING ! CAN YOU FIRE THE DUMB  WHO THOUGHT OF THE WHOLE HACKING MINI GAME.
game-hours: 52.8
review: I cried on the loading screen.
game-hours: 82.7
review: 8/8
game-hours: 34.4
review: Even after this long in the GTA franchise it still feels fresh and new. Great game nonetheless absolutely worth your money. Story is long and there is much to do in online.
game-hours: 129.3
review: Excellent game. There are a lot of content. No one stops for pedistrians, including NPC. So watch out. Flying chopper with mouse & keyboard is awful. Just let some teammate with controller do it.
game-hours: 56.4
review: GTA V is a must own for any PC gamer.. its just that good period 10/10
game-hours: 25.4
review: GOOD
game-hours: 25.6
review: Went to a strip club, got kicked out. Played with the dog instead. "As the great warrior poet Ice Cube once said...if the day does not require an AK, it is good".
game-hours: 58.8
review: it has a lot of guns 12 out of 12
game-hours: 69.1
review: Even though I'm driving along, doing my damn job, and suddenly I'm flying because every single video card in this house can't perform well on this game and my textures keep dropping out, but rockstar would rather fix golf courses. but hey, I can't stop playing and I don't know why.
game-hours: 56.7
review: It has taken me nearly 2 years and 3 delays to write this review. Overall, it is a great game. I want to give a shoutout to the consoles for beta testing.
game-hours: 71.3
review: This game is fun, but HOLY ING ! CAN YOU FIRE THE DUMB  WHO THOUGHT OF THE WHOLE HACKING MINI GAME.
game-hours: 23.5
review: 11/10 would skip exam revision to play again.
game-hours: 101.6
review: Almost exactly 1 week since the game released and i have now clocked 100 hours in the game, so here's my impressions so far. And i have exclusively played online, gonna wait with the story. So Grand Theft Loadi.... Auto Online. +Heists When i read there were gonna be 5 heists, 4 of winch require the full 4 player line-up i was worried you would play them once and that's it, never gonna do them again. But i have played all of them twice and i can see myself play them even more trying to get all the challenges. And the job R* made on the heists are superb, good design, good voice acting from the characters that do talk. +Leveling On my 100hours in online i reached rank 50 and i didn't play jobs or heists all the time, many hours spent just exploring, so you can reach 50 a lot faster if you want. And i think that's a reasonable leveling pace, not to quick so that you unlock everything instantly and not to slow so you lose interest. +Jobs There are a lot of different job types as it's called, game mode in GTA IV. Race, capture, deathmatch and so on. On very neat feature is "On Call", you cue up and joins a lobby but you're not transfered into the job until the host starts. So no waiting in the lobby. The jobs them self is fun and big plus, but is haunted by the next thing, the loading times. +Daily objectives Feels like im playing WoW. The game features 3 daily objectives which will give you cash and RP (XP). Completing them a week in a row will grant you even more cash and RP and a month in a row even more. This is a nice thing to do as they often are fairly easy, like participate in a race. This could also act as a way to get players to log on daily and then think "might as well play some more". -Loading times The loading times in this game are insane, it takes so long to switch from a job back to freemode or the other way around. Also the startup time can be pretty brutal, longest this far is 4minutes, but that could have been the servers being slow. But overall loading times are long, so don't be in a hurry. (-)Glitches Now this will probably differ from person to person so this is just from my experience. There are some glitches that are more game breaking then other. One of them being when you die during a heist or setup to a heist. All you see is a image your character, but you can still see the HUD such as the mini map. This is avoided by someone else in your heist crew committing suicide. Not all get this glitch, only me and 2 other friends get it, but 5 other friend don't get it. (-)Performance Again, this may very and it could be my computer, but i would expect higher performance from my rig. It's most notable when leaving the city to drive out to the desert, the FPS drop to 40-60fps and it feels like I'm on a PS3 or X360. The online is a solid 9/10, high replay value on the heists and hopefully some more will come later on. Glitches, some small and some bigger is what takes of the last point. RIG: i7 2600k 16GB RAM GTX980 SLI 1680x1050 resolution
game-hours: 23.7
review: It's pretty good
game-hours: 65.5
review: its aite
game-hours: 26.8
review: This story starts with a cat, and how curiosity killed it. ... I've enjoyed playing through the GTA V story so far, but the event that stuck with me the next day probably wasn't intended by the scriptwriters. Instead, the fate of one cat set loose many questions. The event in question happens just after taking control of Franklin, before you steal a couple of supercars. A couple of cats are hanging around in the back garden of the property you're about to steal the cars from. As a cat person, I naturally approach the cats to see how they behave and if they could be interacted with. The simple answer was no, Franklin clearly had no intention of touching the cats, and after trying to get close to one of them a few times, the cat got spooked. What I didn't entirely expect were the events that happened next. The cat bolted out of the alleyway, by which point I was busy getting Franklin involved in his caper. However, I was promptly distracted by a soft "thud" and the cursing of a truck driver. Looking up, I saw the truck slowly pulling away, leaving behind a small furry corpse that just moments ago had been at my feet. I didn't have much time to mourn at the time, but looking back on it, I can't help feel some remorse over my involvement in the (virtual) animal's death, nor slightly affected by Franklin's indifference. It makes me wonder, when such a dynamic event occurs, how deep the simulation really goes. I know it's unlikely, but I wonder for a minute if there was a family waiting for that cat to return. Would I start seeing "Missing Cat" signs in the neighbourhood? Was the truck driver emotionally affected by the experience? The answer to these is probably no, but perhaps one day this is something a more deeper simulation will hypothesise. Until then, the memory of the cat I accidentally killed will probably stay with me throughout my playthrough. There's probably some irony that a game that necessarily has you kill hundreds of human beings intentionally, could affect me more by making me complicit in the accidental death of an animal.
game-hours: 3.1
review: Went on the final Humane Lab Raid heist. Accidentally clicked F in helicopter. Fell out. Got kicked by teammates. 10/10
game-hours: 63.0
review: Best $60 video game ive ever purchased
game-hours: 56.9
review: This game is badass!@
game-hours: 46.0
review: I didn't chose the thug life, the thug life chose me. 10/10
game-hours: 36.2
review: If you had the "Grand Theft Auto V Launcher has stopped working bug," a recent patch has fixed it. Game works for me now. Good PC port. If you're hoping for a decent online community though, you won't find it here. People will shoot at you randomly and run over you and call you racial slurs, but you can turn on passive mode to prevent them from doing that. The first two things anyway, they'll still call you racial slurs.
game-hours: 4.8
review: yes
game-hours: 49.0
review: I've played every GTA since the top down Grand Theft way back when. GTAV has to be my favourite of all of them. 2 years ago, I played it on X360, and I didn't hesistate to purchase it again for PC. The PC version is of course the definitive version. It scales excellently to any system components, the graphics are incredibly sharp and beautiful, and the online with first person and mouse/kb support is a must play. All we can hope for is continued support for it from Rockstar. Please don't forget about us R*. I hope we've shown you that we will support you. Now that the game is out, please continue to support us. Fix those bugs, add those DLCs, improve those servers, and we'll let the world know what a great job you've done. Thanks
game-hours: 64.0
review: thanks for beta testing :^)
game-hours: 19.2
review: This game is absolutely incredible. The story mode is just phenomenal for starters, but i dont want to give away any spoilers. After story mode there is still so much to explore. With many different activities and countless hours of things to do, its hard to see you getting bored of this game anytime soon. A+ 5/5 Stars
game-hours: 79.2
review: A Spectacular achievement from Rockstar. 10/10
game-hours: 26.8
review: Well worth the wait. 10/10
game-hours: 30.0
review: Chose death wish and didn't die. 10/10
game-hours: 72.9
review: "Aw n***a don't hate me cause' i'm beautiful n****a" 10/10
game-hours: 72.3
review: This game is okay.
game-hours: 25.0
review: Extremely Entertaining, Excellent Graphics complemented by a seamless user experience. Overall a fantastic game that can be played on both laptops and desktops. With all settings on 'High' and getting 60+ FPS, its a major update from the PS4 version. My verdict is simple : It was worth the wait, the long wait. P.S. Well done Rockstar on this spectacular user experience and graphics you have managed to pull off!
game-hours: 81.9
review: You're bored? Play GTA Online You want to play NFS+BF+CS:GO+SIMS at the same time? Play GTA Online You like chickens? Play GTA Online You like chicks? Play GTA Online (Go to strip club, make her like you, get her number, invite to your apartment) And tons of other Things you can do :) 10/10 - This rating isn't just throw up, i'll edit this review for details later, it's just best game, also comes with free recording software where after stunts that you do you can go back and recap it :).
game-hours: 80.7
review: fgggg
game-hours: 8.9
review: Great, Smashes consoles
game-hours: 35.8
review: Went into a lobby. People being nice in the room asked if we wanted to make an airport party. So 5 of us met up and we drove around, screwed around, and pretty much had a good time. So then we got into a plane and flew to the desert. we jumped and parachuted down. Then we proceeded to dirt bike the desert and into the mountain. Not a single person pulled a gun on me. 10/10
game-hours: 24.7
review: It runs like a dream the graphics are a dream it's well optimized and is one of the best PC ports RockStar has done in a long  time! If you own the Xbone and or PS4 version I really don't see a need to pick this up however if you were holding out until the PC version well let me tell you all of your patience paid off.
game-hours: 24.9
review: Got on and waited for Roman to call to go bowling. Now I miss him..
game-hours: 21.3
review: Awesome port! Very well optimizied. You never have to go bowling with Roman again! Gameplay is so much fun and you can do anything in this game, online multiplayer is the best I have played in years, heist mode is so much fun! A must have for any pc gamer (even if you did not like the other gta games).
game-hours: 21.7
review: Robbed a store, got shot in the back. Came back, shot everybody, and then got killed by cops. 10/10 would rob again
game-hours: 3.1
review: Went on the final Humane Lab Raid heist. Accidentally clicked F in helicopter. Fell out. Got kicked by teammates. 10/10
game-hours: 63.0
review: Best $60 video game ive ever purchased
game-hours: 4.8
review: yes
game-hours: 12.6
review: That moment you barrell roll to a crashing stop escaping from the cops, only to get out and say "OMG this in FN grove street negga". Little GFX mangeling to keep the framerate smooth, but its so good overall, 9.9/10 for GTA FB's , I rekon a 8/10 for the under rock dwellers.
game-hours: 51.6
review: Finally, amazing game! Thanks R*.
game-hours: 24.4
review: This game is making me soooooo wet, im dripping everywhere and I cant stop.my bathroom is already flooded and im still dripping everywhere, somebody help me pls
game-hours: 100.2
review: RIP my life.
game-hours: 25.9
review: Didnt know why rockstar delayed this game 2 ing years
game-hours: 45.3
review: Although this came out after nerly two years after the orignal release, this is hands down the best version of the game I have played. The settings are top notch, it has SLI and Crossfire support day one and is the best optimised game rockstar has ever relased. They say you can run this game 4K@30 Fps with a 760. I play at 3440x1440 with a pair of 780ti in Sli and this game runs at round 75+fps on Ultra settings. Only thing I have to turn down is AA. I highly reccomend this game to anyone who has played the earlier version and to those who havnt yet. 10/10
game-hours: 26.4
review: just shut the  up and buy it
game-hours: 35.8
review: Great game that runs great. 8/8 r8 dis m8
game-hours: 45.3
review: Honestly, even considering the fact that I like many other games far more than the GTA series... GTA 5 PC is probably in the top 5 of best video games ever made. This is a monument to gaming.
game-hours: 7.9
review: Pros: Great port from console, what's not to like? Cons; Loading takes ages, and it crashes 90% of the time. I know Rockstar will get this figured out, but it's still mildly annoying since I bought this game in January.
game-hours: 64.0
review: i ride around with my glizzy
game-hours: 43.0
review: No launch issues, great work with my not so good videocard, no freezes, excellent start, excellent missions, it was worth to wait, simpliest the main ing event of this spring. Thank you Rockstar!
game-hours: 13.8
review: RIP social life.
game-hours: 47.1
review: yea its ok i guess
game-hours: 28.5
review: GTA V - Singleplayer 8/10 Pros *Amazing graphics *Good performance on all machines *Very interesting characters *Huge world with many different areas *Good story that reminds me of many movies including Heat *Varied missions *You can make your own sound track using Self Radio *Directors mode *Heists *Strangers *Planes Cons *You start the game in Canada which is infinitely more interesting than any city in America but then never get to go back there outside of one more mission! *Cognitive dissonace between story and gameplay *Having three characters means that the story is a lot less focused then in GTA IV *Civilians go into the exact same animation and die every time they're shot in anything but the head *Car physics are too light and are overall a downgrade from GTA IV *Cars don't get damaged like they did in GTA IV so again a major downgrade *FOV too low *Sound is way too quiet on Self Radio songs *Shooting is way too arcady in my opinion, there's no recoil, your accuracy is pin point and they sound like BB guns! *For a game set in the same city as GTA: SA there's almost nothing gang related in story nor gameplay GTA - Online 6/10 Pros *Characters from singleplayer gives you missions *Heists Cons *Grindy gameplay *No honor amongst thieves in this game... *Microtransactions *Nothing to do other then race or deatmatch
game-hours: 39.8
review: GTA San Andreea+Need For Speed+GTA IV = GTA V Very smooth game. No bugs, No crashes. Online is a beast The Masterpiece has come to us finaly I would rate this 12/10 monkeyz
game-hours: 27.9
review: Game of the year simple as that.
game-hours: 12.6
review: reeally slick gameplay and so far no issues for me. I would recommend this game as it is amazingly well optimized and looks like some of the best graphics so far in a game. Really chuffed with it, its even better than i thought it would be. great value
game-hours: 58.5
review: best game ever!!
game-hours: 163.7
review: The game just 100/10 lots of fun.
game-hours: 48.1
review: Dogs. 10/10
game-hours: 74.0
review: Drive like an  simulator 10/10 would run over cops again
game-hours: 32.7
review: One of the best Pc Games ever made!!
game-hours: 45.0
review: This game... is freaking AWESOME! You can choose whatever you wanna do - to just  around or do jobs and heist stuff. You will always have an activity around the corner. I totaly recomend this game
game-hours: 30.7
review: but who wants to play GTA V s/he need 4 GB Graphic card for maximum graphic option. I have gtx 760 2 GB and 256 bit. I am playing mid. option which nvidia ex. gives me ideal option. You must play this game because thar are amasing new details and gameplays. enjoy to playing :D
game-hours: 46.9
review: GTA V is good. Buy it now.
game-hours: 71.6
review: While I am still annoyed with Rockstar and their numerous delays, this really is a fantastic game and worth the purchase. Great dialog, great missions, the city is fantastic and the amount of stuff you can do is great and I look forward to trying Online. My only real complaint is First person does not seem worth it. The guns do not work with iron sights and I do not see a distinct advantage to playing FP over 3rd person for much of anything except if you want more realistic POV for driving.
game-hours: 20.8
review: Retired bank robber. Doing Yoga 20/10
game-hours: 56.4
review: Wow, just... wow, I have played this so much on PS4 so I expected to be bored the first day this was realised, This PC version feels completly different compared to the consoles, it almost feels like a whole new GTA game, the graphics are unreal and probably the best graphics I have ever seen in a video game, So easy to run on such high quality, By far the best game av played in years... 10/10 by far. the long painfull wait was woth it!
game-hours: 37.8
review: I stole a guy's pimped as.s car and ran him over for like 10 times and finally died. 10/10
game-hours: 48.1
review: Rockstar finally learned how to optmize a game for PC. Gamewise, I have no complains, as this game runs perfectly on my mid-end system. I also would like to point the attention they gave to detail in this. I.e.: For the first time in all of GTAs, the steering wheel does actually move. That may not sound much, but it is truly a big thing. Things I didn't like were the rearview mirrors on cars being nothing more than a low-quality mirror and the Online having nothing new. I hope this will change in time. Either way, good job on the and its enhancement, Rockstar. Definetely worth my money.
game-hours: 0.5
review: This game is Bae + i play at max settings 60 fps soo smooth and soo sexy tysm bbs
game-hours: 61.1
review: Pros: - 10/10 single player game - GTA Online is great - Save yourself airline ticket to Los Angeles Cons: - Terrible misrepresentation of LA--where muh 6~8-lane rush hour traffic at? - Clearly visible sky. There should be smog. - Too much rain. We ain't in a historic drought for no god damn reason. - Only K-Town has ching-chongs. There should be more places NO SPEAKU ENGRISH.
game-hours: 21.7
review: Great fun with friends in online as well as the impeccable GTAV on its own. It would be a sin to say this isn't the best version of GTAV on the market.
game-hours: 61.3
review: I'm rich, . whoooores/10
game-hours: 75.9
review: Let that be an example to you, Noobisoft...
game-hours: 102.0
review: i spent hour looking at the water..another hour looking at cars.. omfg GTA5 on PC looks too good
game-hours: 38.9
review: fu cking holy sh it gta v holy fu ck it's fu cking gta v man it's fu cking gta mother v. should you buy it? well maybe you should ask yourself are you a sexy  beast? if you are then by all means. but if you're an ugly feget sh!tlord then you can just fu ck straight off. the steam censoring really made this review annoying.
game-hours: 17.8
review: The quality is good, this was worth the wait. the only problem is that i have no idea what to do online
game-hours: 45.2
review: Running the game maxed out on every setting with my decent graphics card (GTX770, 4GB) and crappy / dated processor (AMD FX-4100 @ 3.6 GHz) - it works like a charm, with fps around 50-60. Social club ties to your steam account. I'm not so sure about it all, but in all honesty I don't care too much. It isn't as intrusive as Uplay, but I'm not sure how it will affect offline gameplay. No crashes. At all. No slowdowns either, but I haven't see too much of the game yet. It's been a while since I played GTA V on PS3, so I'm relearning the map and all that stuff. Population density and vehicle density changes are great, with busier streets and all that. Pretty smooth launch, I have to say. Controls suck. They really really suck. When you install the game, expect to spend some time remapping the controls to something more... Flexible. And then faffing with trying to swap weapons under the same category. Took me a few hours to perfect something so basic and simple. Menus etc. are just as bad and blah blah. If Rockstar fixed the menus, controls and what-not, then I would have very few complaints. Anyway, will probably write a more detailed review later, but if you like the GTA series, I'd recommend this game any day. Having played on the PS3 extensively, I'm surprised to find I still enjoy the game, despite repeating all the same missions and so on, on SP that is. Yet to try the online, but looking good nonetheless. P.S. Thanks Hirovard! ;)
game-hours: 78.9
review: I love this game sooooo much, gonna keep putting hours into until my life is wasted. JUST BUY IT! DON'T HESITATE ANYMORE! Also one of the most optimized game ever, not a single crash while I'm playing.
game-hours: 51.4
review: i r8 this 8/8 m80s
game-hours: 2.3
review: Extremely lousy physics and damage mechanics, an AI that apparently uses a brute-force path finding algorithm, unoptimized graphics, unoptimized *whatever* that makes my CPU suck the watts enough to sustain a neighborhood, gliches, weird controls, the most horrible menu ever, lots of bugs, big-launch tragedy... It is a game one simply must play, so yes, I recommend it but be prepared to fight your urges that make you want to run away. Pros: GTA being GTA, first-person view is a hit, story is unchanged which is perfect.
game-hours: 50.3
review: Last time I played GTA 5 it was on the the Playstation 3 and was no were neer as good as the PC version. 24 hours of play time i'd say it's a darn good game. A few graphical bugs but nothing big thats all
game-hours: 90.3
review: Pros: - No Roman Cons: - Lamar 10/10 Would sell CS:GO skins again!
game-hours: 55.4
review: Rockstar has outdone themselves with this port. It may have taken many months. But it was absolutely well worth the wait. If you can, try to get this game to run at it's best in 4k. Beauty in it's purest form. Like naked ladies.
game-hours: 46.0
review: A very fun and entertaining game that you could play for hours. I'm glad I spent the money on this game because it was worth it. I'm able to play it on a 3 year old GPU so thats another good thing. It's well optimized and does not crash, I played the game for 12 hours straight with not one crash. Online is fun and you unlock new things with your level and to level up you can do a bunch of missions. This game will continue to have updates from the developer so it has a long life infront of it.
game-hours: 32.6
review: Didnt crash at launch. Became Charlie Scene. Dominated server. 10/10 would smoke cactus again.
game-hours: 33.3
review: Launch was a bit of a mess, but what do you expect? It's the biggest/most popular game on the market. Preload speeds were fine, decrypting took about an hour which is expected, and I ended up getting my character transfer from 360 to work perfectly. Normally I wouldn't write a review but this game deserves to be at LEAST at very positive. It works fine now. Yeah there will be some bugs, but the overall optimization is fine. Switching from controller to mouse is flawless. This is a port done right. They definitely put the time into this game. Don't listen to any of the negative reviews ing because they couldn't play it the SECOND it came out. PS: also don't listen to anyone saying you have to be online to start the game up. I read those reviews, thought "no way," enabled airplane mode, and watched as it launched in OFFLINE MODE perfectly fine.
game-hours: 45.0
review: >Tried playing heists with 2 friends >1 random s it up by dieing at the last minute 11/10 would match make again
game-hours: 40.3
review: - Preload failed causing a redownload. - Framerate drops - Stuttering - Needs an update to fix major issues. - Social Club is a disaster for the game  The issues metioned above such as framerate drops and stuttering that I was having was fixed. I played around with the Nvidia Control Panel in order to maximise the power use of the GPU and ingame settings I turned off Vsync.  In terms of the preload it kept showing me errors through the unpacking phase causing me to miss the first day of play.  My FPS stayed at a consistant 60 but sometimes saw huge drops reaching as low as 20 for a second.  I highly don't reccommned the game if you have a PC below the recommended requirements.
game-hours: 106.3
review: Sorry it took so long to write this review. It took 1 1/2 years and a lot of delays to type. 69/70
game-hours: 78.9
review: I love this game sooooo much, gonna keep putting hours into until my life is wasted. JUST BUY IT! DON'T HESITATE ANYMORE! Also one of the most optimized game ever, not a single crash while I'm playing.
game-hours: 45.3
review: Honestly, even considering the fact that I like many other games far more than the GTA series... GTA 5 PC is probably in the top 5 of best video games ever made. This is a monument to gaming.
game-hours: 35.8
review: Great game that runs great. 8/8 r8 dis m8
game-hours: 5.4
review: If you need some extra fps, in the form of extra cpu power, after you are in game alt-tab out and end the gta launcher process :D 10/10
game-hours: 22.1
review: Driving is still sh*t
game-hours: 34.6
review: u hav to play dis game m8
game-hours: 22.8
review: I played for six hours straight and couldn't stop laughing while doing so. This game is so much fun.
game-hours: 51.2
review: I think the game was well worth the wait. Rockstar did actually deliver what it told us it was going to deliver us. A smooth GTA playing experience on the PC. And the graphics (even on medium or high) are pretty darn astonishing. I was sitting here earlier today watching the sunset ingame overlooking the city and all I could say was: "this sunset looks darn better than in real life!". If you haven't already, buy the game. Because this is the best GTA we have gotten yet on PC!
game-hours: 15.2
review: Amazing game improvements (this is coming from an owner of the PS4 and PS3 versions of GTAV - yes, both). The only cons are: - No HOTAS support (I really want to be able to map my flight controls for air combat). - Long loading times in Multiplayer (always the case with GTA Online though) - A few minor server instance bugs (really difficult with 2 friends on same server getting into the same missions) - Can't transfer singleplayer saves to PC, even if you download from PS4 and dump them into the savegame folder. Oh well. The biggest improvement is the insane framerate. I'm only running a several-year-old GTX 680 nVidia card and I've maxed out all settings and post-processing effects (except textures due to mem limits) and it runs at 60fps easy. Smoother than any game I've ever played. Period. I also will comment how great it is to play first-person with a mouse and keyboard on GTA for the first time.
game-hours: 35.2
review: Playable at day 1!
game-hours: 14.9
review: Super awesome! Last time i played was on the 360 but this is 200% better. Graphics are so good.
game-hours: 22.8
review: BEST GRAND THEFT AUTO GAME! This game seems to me like a combination of San Andreas and Vice City on very detailed graphics.The world is immersive and the graphics are amazing.The optimization of the game is the best if you put in balance quality of image and frames per second that you have.I recommend it! Good game!
game-hours: 34.6
review: Reality, home, at least it was before GTA V ed everything up.
game-hours: 51.0
review: Best investment ever.
game-hours: 95.8
review: Great Game
game-hours: 26.0
review: It's not like i needed real life.
game-hours: 84.4
review: It's here. And it's amazing.
game-hours: 62.9
review: Amazing!
game-hours: 9.0
review: Glamorous, Glorious, Great! I know Rockstar made us wait a while for this but dam have they done a good job with the port.
game-hours: 22.0
review: Worth to wait,worth to play,worth to buy! very light and optimized games now we must waiting 2 years more for red dead redemption on PC :D
game-hours: 50.1
review: GTA V -The best game of my life! *Runs smooth like silk *Amazing graphics *Fantastic story *Very good multiplayer *Best ever detailed open world with a lot of activities You really feel like in a real world, Los Santos! Best gaming experience ever! Thank You Rockstar Games for such a good game!
game-hours: 38.9
review: fu cking holy sh it gta v holy fu ck it's fu cking gta v man it's fu cking gta mother v. should you buy it? well maybe you should ask yourself are you a sexy  beast? if you are then by all means. but if you're an ugly feget sh!tlord then you can just fu ck straight off. the steam censoring really made this review annoying.
game-hours: 17.8
review: The quality is good, this was worth the wait. the only problem is that i have no idea what to do online
game-hours: 44.5
review: From xbox360 to Pc . GtaV still the look great and make you can play again from beginning
game-hours: 21.7
review: Great fun with friends in online as well as the impeccable GTAV on its own. It would be a sin to say this isn't the best version of GTAV on the market.
game-hours: 61.6
review: I'm rich, . whoooores/10
game-hours: 75.9
review: Let that be an example to you, Noobisoft...
game-hours: 63.0
review: Going to the in game strip club is so real that it saves me money on real life strip clubs. 10/10
game-hours: 61.6
review: I'm rich, . whoooores/10
game-hours: 75.9
review: Let that be an example to you, Noobisoft...
game-hours: 63.0
review: Going to the in game strip club is so real that it saves me money on real life strip clubs. 10/10
game-hours: 75.7
review: It's a magic 65GB that can make you quit your job and divorce with your wife. 11/10
game-hours: 1.6
review: Originally bought this game for $60. Then I had to go out and buy myself a new computer for $1500 because it didn't let me play. Thanks Rockstar. 10/10. Best game ever.
game-hours: 53.7
review: Help me! Sometimes when I was driving, roads under my wheels became transparent! And I had to wait a few seconds to see those roads and buildings! I dont think it's a hardware problem, because my laptop actually meets the need of this game.(Lenovo Y50: Intel Core i5-4200H, GTX860M 2G, 8G RAM, 5400RPM HDD) 860M 2G8GNVIDIA EXPERIENCE40+
game-hours: 39.9
review: You can play flight simulator, need for speed, payday, virtua tennis, call of duty, golf, etc in one game! 20/10!
game-hours: 49.1
review: Worth the money, currently doing the heists on hard with the same team, no deaths for the 10mill bonus which you get onces.
game-hours: 99.8
review: Seems like they really learned from there horrible ported game GTA IV. GTA V looks just amazing and perfectly optimized to run on most pc. 60 FPS is just amazing. Overal an amazing game. If you like the GTA franchise then you will not be dissapointed.
game-hours: 29.6
review: Been waiting for this game ever since the release on PS3 & XBOX 360 and finally It arrives to PC after 2 years and 3 delays. I'm been waiting for this moment forever and now my babe have finally found me. Rockstar is the bomb. 10/10 for not having to ride with my  cousin Roman ever again.
game-hours: 57.8
review: im told i have to choose between male and female for my online character and only males for singleplayer why am i forced to play as only cis scum? ing disgusting and  game overall really good game
game-hours: 31.0
review: if you didn't like it.... you are not human !
game-hours: 24.7
review: Hated GTA IV with a passion. Genuinely hated it. It was Palestine and I was Netanyahu. It was a newly born baby and I was Herod. It was Moby D1ck (not the musician) and I was Captain Ahab. It was the police and I was any reasonably minded human being just going about their business. It was a cat and I was a dog. Don't say the last analogy doesn't work because if you have a dog that likes cats then it is F.G.T and therefore inadmissable as evidence. You are probably F.G.T, too. This game is amazing. It's a banquet and I'm a starving pauper. It's a bared posterior and I am a belt. It's someone who needs strangled and I have very big hands ETC ETC ETC Buy it. Don't be a twit. BUY IT. Should run fine on any medium/high-end gfx cards. I run it at 720p (FOR SHAME) on my GTX970 and I get a steady 60fps with everything up on Ultra/very high (where ultra is not available). Probably going to go and kill myself now, tbh (ingame) 10/10 would review again
game-hours: 62.8
review: What do you think? I really should write a long review here to explain why you need to buy this game? It sucks to wait so long, but its worth the wait, go ahead!!! I give 9.9 out of 10.
game-hours: 27.1
review: Masterpiece.
game-hours: 44.0
review: Who needs real life when you have GTA V on PC? port 10/10 Graphics 10/10 Soundtrack 10/10 Gameplay 10/10 Nothing negative to say at all! Worth the wait! EDIT: I have been playing since 2 hours after the game had been released.. Never had an issue playing besides the occasional restart
game-hours: 51.5
review: ing Amazing.
game-hours: 35.5
review: Pretty good but very graphically intensive
game-hours: 32.3
review: 10/10 would buy again and slap even more hookers. if you meet the requirments then there is no reason not to buy this peice of art
game-hours: 0.5
review: This game is Bae + i play at max settings 60 fps soo smooth and soo sexy tysm bbs
game-hours: 61.1
review: Pros: - 10/10 single player game - GTA Online is great - Save yourself airline ticket to Los Angeles Cons: - Terrible misrepresentation of LA--where muh 6~8-lane rush hour traffic at? - Clearly visible sky. There should be smog. - Too much rain. We ain't in a historic drought for no god damn reason. - Only K-Town has ching-chongs. There should be more places NO SPEAKU ENGRISH.
game-hours: 45.2
review: Running the game maxed out on every setting with my decent graphics card (GTX770, 4GB) and crappy / dated processor (AMD FX-4100 @ 3.6 GHz) - it works like a charm, with fps around 50-60. Social club ties to your steam account. I'm not so sure about it all, but in all honesty I don't care too much. It isn't as intrusive as Uplay, but I'm not sure how it will affect offline gameplay. No crashes. At all. No slowdowns either, but I haven't see too much of the game yet. It's been a while since I played GTA V on PS3, so I'm relearning the map and all that stuff. Population density and vehicle density changes are great, with busier streets and all that. Pretty smooth launch, I have to say. Controls suck. They really really suck. When you install the game, expect to spend some time remapping the controls to something more... Flexible. And then faffing with trying to swap weapons under the same category. Took me a few hours to perfect something so basic and simple. Menus etc. are just as bad and blah blah. If Rockstar fixed the menus, controls and what-not, then I would have very few complaints. Anyway, will probably write a more detailed review later, but if you like the GTA series, I'd recommend this game any day. Having played on the PS3 extensively, I'm surprised to find I still enjoy the game, despite repeating all the same missions and so on, on SP that is. Yet to try the online, but looking good nonetheless. P.S. Thanks Hirovard! ;)
game-hours: 30.6
review: If you love running over hoes with a muscle car. This is your game! Overall: I r8 8/8 m8, its just gr8.. I could masturb8 on this game.
game-hours: 54.2
review: It's Amazing With the blink of an eye you finally see the light It's Amazing When the moment arrives that you know you'll be alright It's Amazing And I'm sayin' a prayer for the desperate hearts tonight Ya. IT'S AMAZING! There's nothing to say. This game is a legend. Everyone should try it. Still not convinced? You're making a mistake. And there who have played more than day. Ya...hi dudes. ^^   ^^ 10/10 Michael sweety
game-hours: 25.1
review: No mods needed to enjoy this game
game-hours: 44.4
review: WHY ARE U READING THE COMMENTS?! JUST BUY THIS GAME ALREADY!
game-hours: 21.9
review: bugO(_)O~
game-hours: 42.9
review: Absolutely Amazing!
game-hours: 40.0
review: Best go to game when you have nothing else to play. 10/10
game-hours: 59.6
review: Best Game ever !
game-hours: 28.0
review: I have been waiting since day one for this to come out and oh boy is this ing worth it! 10/10 would watch chop ing his side
game-hours: 27.9
review: I loved the origional on PS3. This is offically 100x better. With the online community quickly developing and the custom MP clients soon to be released. Which will no doubt lead to RP, DM, Zombie servers among a host of other things. I cannot recommend this game enough.
game-hours: 92.3
review: As long as you know the diference btw real life and a game i recommend this game. 10/10
game-hours: 65.2
review: sick
game-hours: 86.8
review: Seeing I already clocked 50 hours on it i have the right to say THAT THIS GAME IS THE BEST GTA EVER!!!! I feel sad for console people!
game-hours: 43.4
review: Looked at cop, got shot.
game-hours: 41.7
review: Rating 10/10 a little bit buggy, crashes most of the time to desktop. but still recommend it, its fun, at least the 5 minutes that the game actually works Update: Apparently the game works 100% fine with a fresh windows installation.
game-hours: 18.5
review: I recomend only for the first person POV. Players need to stop thinking every multiplayer game has to be like DayZ, which includes killing people 'cause you have the ability to. Higher level and more experienced players get better stuff and use that against newer players. Not Fun.
game-hours: 51.4
review: Definitely the best game last few years. Been waiting on this since first trailer, it was worth. Game looks badass on PC, physix and AI are also perfect. 11/10. Good job Rockstar!
game-hours: 71.1
review: wtf another saints row rip off???
game-hours: 30.0
review: The worst part about this game is that I cannot play Hoxton Breakout.
game-hours: 30.4
review: Very good game. Also i recommend it for player who have bought this game on x360 or ps3
game-hours: 23.8
review: Grand theft Auto Sanandreas first mission as a black man - steal a bike Grand theft Auto 5 First mission as a black man with black friend - steal 2 cars rockstar stepped up the racism :D great job 10/10
game-hours: 66.8
review: amaze game 11/10
game-hours: 59.5
review: After years of waiting we finally got it - The Holy Grail of Self Indulgence. Was this masterpiece worth the second wait? You can absolutely bet on your life. Welcome to Los Santos once again. Michael, Trevor and Franklin have been waiting for you. New vehicles to drive. New missions to explore. New weapons to play with. New properties to buy. New wildlife to discover. New online events, modes and extra content. New overhauled engine improving graphics, textures and world population density. Not to mention a huge menu for graphical optimization, it is truly impressive. If you previously had or have a Rockstar Social Club Account you can transfer all of your previous data into your new game. This is the definitive edition of GTA V and it feels so good to finally play. 15/10
game-hours: 45.3
review: Although this came out after nerly two years after the orignal release, this is hands down the best version of the game I have played. The settings are top notch, it has SLI and Crossfire support day one and is the best optimised game rockstar has ever relased. They say you can run this game 4K@30 Fps with a 760. I play at 3440x1440 with a pair of 780ti in Sli and this game runs at round 75+fps on Ultra settings. Only thing I have to turn down is AA. I highly reccomend this game to anyone who has played the earlier version and to those who havnt yet. 10/10
game-hours: 100.2
review: RIP my life.
game-hours: 52.3
review: I think it's either a hit or miss with this game. Lots of people have been complaining of stuttering, launch crashes, and other issues. Fortunately for me, this game runs butter smooth on my R9 290 FX 8350 rig, which is surprising considering AMD was never amazing with game optimization. However, with GTA 5 I stand corrected. This is one of the most optimized ports I have played. Ever. I get at least 60 fps at 1080p with max settings (Very High). The game looks amazing. And the waves... You have to see the waves. Go to the beach when the sun is about to set and just take pictures of the amazing waves. It's kind of hard to believe that even my hardware can run something so beautiful. The game itself is amazing. This is my first time playing GTA 5, and I am making my way through the story which feels slighly disjointed at times, but the mission design is great. Every mission feels unique in its own way, and I have come to love the characters with their charismatic voice acting and animations. GTA Online brings a new kind of multiplayer to the table. Freeroam in a big city that looks great with tons of things to do WITH other people online or your friends? And CO-OP Heists? Yes please. Not to mention all the side activities you can do like Racing, Team Deathmatch, Tennis and tons more. I give GTA 5 a 10/10. There is well over of 1000+ hours to be enjoyed in the world of GTA, and now that it has come to PC, it has truly reached its true potential on hardware that exceeds well over the console limits. This is a must buy for any gamer and even though the game has already been on for a year and a half, I'd still pay $60 for it. (Then again this is my first time buying GTA 5 and playing it)
game-hours: 49.9
review: Game running smoothly in Max settings, I have no problem installing the game :D, For those people who can't run the game, maybe it's just your computer :P
game-hours: 27.9
review: Game of the year simple as that.
game-hours: 134.4
review: Like Payday without DLC.
game-hours: 118.1
review: Grand Theft Auto Five (GTA V) Release Date : PC - 14/4/2015 - STORY 8.8 - ONLINES 9.5 - DESIGNS 9.5 - GRAPHICS 10 - GAMEPLAY 9.5 - PRESENTATION 10
game-hours: 49.9
review: >Played as Michael >Got run over by a car >Driver was extremely sorry and asked me if I was okay >Played as Franklin >Got run over by a car while riding a motorbike >Driver just keeps on going while ignoring me >Another car drives over my bike and hits me as well >Driver basically says " happens" and moves on >I get sent to hospital 11/10 Would be targeted by racist drivers again (BTW a really good PC version)
game-hours: 20.4
review: Looks Beautiful Fixed a lot of the bugs from console Online Heists? 10/10 brb back to gta 5
game-hours: 29.2
review: bessssttttt
game-hours: 10.6
review: Accidently murdered my friend. 10/10 Would do again.
game-hours: 22.9
review: Needs more guns and explosion stuff
game-hours: 54.0
review: First person I met poured gasoline on my feet and lit me on fire. 10/10 would make friends again
game-hours: 88.4
review: Ended the single player story without any crash. Extremely smooth performance and great optimization. I average around 80+ FPS at 1080p with everything on Ultra (GTX 970 SLI). Looks great too. 10/10. No complaints here
game-hours: 115.7
review: Intel(R) Core(TM) i3-2100 CPU @ 3.10GHz 3.10GHz 6.00 GB RAM 64bit Windows 7 ATI Radeon 3800 HD 512 mb. Game started without crashes and any problems. I have only freezes because requirements are 875 MB and I have only 512 MB. But this optimization is just awesome! (I'm gonna refresh my review soon, how will it works with a new videocard). Ok. I jsut bought Nvidia GT610 1 Gb and now I have 40 FPS at minimal settings (no shadows and 800x600). At minimal (without shadows) with 1024x768 I have 20 FPS. So, hope this would be usefull review. If your game is lagging, try to google how to disable hidden features in settings.xml. Good luck!
game-hours: 20.8
review: Retired bank robber. Doing Yoga 20/10
game-hours: 56.4
review: Wow, just... wow, I have played this so much on PS4 so I expected to be bored the first day this was realised, This PC version feels completly different compared to the consoles, it almost feels like a whole new GTA game, the graphics are unreal and probably the best graphics I have ever seen in a video game, So easy to run on such high quality, By far the best game av played in years... 10/10 by far. the long painfull wait was woth it!
game-hours: 46.0
review: A very fun and entertaining game that you could play for hours. I'm glad I spent the money on this game because it was worth it. I'm able to play it on a 3 year old GPU so thats another good thing. It's well optimized and does not crash, I played the game for 12 hours straight with not one crash. Online is fun and you unlock new things with your level and to level up you can do a bunch of missions. This game will continue to have updates from the developer so it has a long life infront of it.
game-hours: 32.6
review: Didnt crash at launch. Became Charlie Scene. Dominated server. 10/10 would smoke cactus again.
game-hours: 90.3
review: Pros: - No Roman Cons: - Lamar 10/10 Would sell CS:GO skins again!
game-hours: 55.4
review: Rockstar has outdone themselves with this port. It may have taken many months. But it was absolutely well worth the wait. If you can, try to get this game to run at it's best in 4k. Beauty in it's purest form. Like naked ladies.
game-hours: 72.3
review: R* really did a good PC port.
game-hours: 27.7
review: How do I feel about this game after just 2 hours of playtime? Why am I already writing a review? Well, that's how strongly I feel about it at the moment. I'll write something better later, but in the meantime this game has made everything in my library obsolete.
game-hours: 44.4
review: WHY ARE U READING THE COMMENTS?! JUST BUY THIS GAME ALREADY!
game-hours: 43.4
review: Looked at cop, got shot.
game-hours: 26.9
review: Social life over....:'D 11/10 would recoomend
game-hours: 35.0
review: Three words: Master Race Perfection.
game-hours: 31.4
review: This game is more realistic than life. 11/10 would wait 2 years again.
game-hours: 43.1
review: d+
game-hours: 125.4
review: 'Ight boys, the dream is real.
game-hours: 47.7
review: Detroit simulator 12/10
game-hours: 38.0
review: thank you console plebs for beta testing this masterpiece worth the wait 69/69
game-hours: 23.5
review: So far, most of the negative critics are due they cannot run the game, or play it fluently. And this is (hopefully) an issue that will be fixed. However, how many bad critics are due to the game IS bad? Gentlemen, so far I've seen none. And it's for a good damn reason, Bioshock Infinite has a good story (well yes it does)? pfft! The last of us, Game of the decade? pfft! Ladies and horses, we have a game that truly goes into the interest of a gamer, and I'm not referring to a fancy list of needs such as "artistic", "inspiring" or any liberal crap like that. We have a game that along with Mortal Kombat has been the king of controversy, a game that allow us to become mr. Hide. A game that enforce us to torture some  guantanamo-style. A well done game, that allow us to fulfill the basic needs of senseless violence with tons of complete fun. I'm not talking about saints row, I'm not talking about Skyrim, I'm not talking about Hatred, I'm not even talking about Postal. Damn I am talking about mothering GTA5. Many games sells by its name and company legacy, but end up being anual crap like Call of Duty or Assassins Creed. The people in Rockstar, they love us, they don't do crap in any sense of the word. They even take many years and delays (to anger of many) just to polish better the diamond. They even do the sacrifice to put a 2-year beta on Consoles, just to make for us (The PC race) a pure sexual experience. Nevertheless, many could not run it on day one. I could, and I have kind of a crappy PC. (AMD FX6300 at 3.5 GHz, 4Gb DDr3, windows 7m, a cheap gigabyte motherboard and a GeForce GT 640).  I can run it decently. And I can tell that even when I played the game with my Xbox 360. The story is good, you get killed without reason in the multiplayer, tons of stereotypes if our modern society, 1 black, 1 middle aged, 1 sociopath and lots of hookers. Explore a satirical (yet accurate) representation of a rotten modern society, where people is moved like cattle. Politicians and religions throw out  everybody believes. New generations are driving everything to . Technologies are beyond human control and drugs are the the fastest growing market. Huge sandbox map, with tons of random things and extras. A large single player campaign with tons of extra , an immersive role play in the multiplayer (with an actual history development) that makes you feel you are part of the game. Cars, tanks, dogs and drugs, you have it all!
game-hours: 11.9
review: Update: Game is finally functional. In order to get it to work I had to completely reformat my hard drive and do a clean install. I guess that Rockstar can't manage to get through the same compatibility issues that even small indie developers have long since figured out. I'm changing my recommendation because this game is amazing, but I am seriously unhappy about the issues that arose during this whole process. ========================================================================= 5 days and still no fix. Even though the game was purchased through Steam you're redirected to the Rockstar Social club in order to play the game. Whenever social club is launched it crashes before you ever get into game. I've spent a week attempting every voodoo fix people have conjoured up and nothing works. The biggest kicker is that once *just once* I got a little bit further than an immediate crash when I tried loading the game in Steam offline mode, but the Rockstar DRM then indicated that I couldn't log in because I had to log in at least once in online mode before I could get into the offline version ...which is impossible due to the crashes. 5 GD days guys. I understand that this effects a fairly small minority of people, but you would think that with billions of dollars made off this game that you would be able to get people to actually play the @#$% thing within the first week of release. Congrats on out Ubisofting Ubisoft
game-hours: 35.9
review: The wait was worth it.
game-hours: 23.2
review: I'm having so much fun with this one, aside from the occasional screaming insanities at it. the game is beautiful and plays well. flying is a  though.
game-hours: 47.2
review: Not much has to be said about the Grand Theft Auto series, as Rockstar always manages to deliver an outstanding experience. The single-player campaign starts slow and somewhat lackluster, but eventually builds momentum as you're introduced to more exciting personalities and missions. Some of the story elements are oddly written at times and feel a bit off enough to kill the excitement. The second half of the game is pretty on-point with no real complaints. Lots of great dialogue and setpiece moments, as expected. Tons of content here, even if you just do the main story missions... expect 20 hours or more of gameplay just for the main story. GTA Online leaves a lot to be desired. Getting into a game with friends can be a real challenge sometimes. Starting missions and heists causes you and others to connect to a new game instance. The swapping from freeroam to missions and back causes so many loading screens that it gets really obnoxious really quickly. When you go back to freeroam there is no guarantee you're even playing with the same people you were originally. It's a real headache just trying to do a variety of things with friends. Console players are also allowed to transfer their characters over, meaning you could be facing level 100+ people as a person who just started playing for the first time. The online mode should have been done differently, more like how APB handles it. It's a real letdown, but still can be good fun if you enjoy the sandboxing. Overall, it's GTA on PC. It looks great and it runs great. Definitely worth the money.
game-hours: 56.1
review: GTA V finally made its way to PC If you are lucky enough your copy will have downloaded and played fine on the first day which is something PC hasnt gotten much of in recent years (cough cough Watch_Dogs & AC Unity). I am also very pleased as I can actually run this game (on the lowest settings, which just looks like xbox360 version) on my potato of a laptop with the following specs. AMD A6-5350M (Dual Core 2.9ghz turbo to 3.5ghz) APU with Radeon(tm) HD Graphics 8GB RAM AMD Radeon HD 8450G - about 750mb graphics Win 7 I also have a desktop with much better specs which will look much nicer but the fact that my potato laptop cant run it is definitely awesome And last of all, its GTA of cource it is gunna be a sick  game, good job Rockstar
game-hours: 28.7
review: GTA as normal, just better. Not tons of miles better but good enough to be better than IV. Massive open-world, tons of missions, lots of side-bits you can do, the little unofficial personal rampages you can do in this series that make it worth the fun. It's hard to escape police unless you're low-level, which is how it needs to be. Online play is dependent on players but plays well enough. Most shocking is just how damn fast it runs on the same hardware as I played GTA IV on. I was expecting massive drop in speed - it's parallel or even slightly faster, despite being prettier. I have an old mobile nVidia card, so I wasn't expecting that, but I don't think you could get away with a run-of-the-mill business PC with any nVidia card - the first of the 64-bit-only games I've seen and for a reason. But with quad-cores and 8Gb RAM and a half-decent DirectX-10/11 card it's more than playable at full res but it's just a question of what options you have turned on. Haven't seen any popping-in issues but my hard drive is constantly streaming data when I'm playing. Great game, looks great, plays great, tons of freedom, huge world and more vehicles and missions than you can shake a stick at.
game-hours: 51.0
review: Well worth the praise, this is GTA perfected. Unlike its predecessor, this PC version is way better optimized (one of the most optimized games out there so far), and definitely way better looking
game-hours: 28.4
review: Well..Well..Well....nothing much to say! Rockstar did a great job Best optimization and Stunning Graphics! Runs silky smooth on my system able to get 70Fps avg. on High settings!(for system specs. check my profile). Pros: +World is beautiful. +60+fps makes it Awesome. +2015 Game of the year for PC. -No cons yet! Best GTA ever! <3 Love it <3
game-hours: 22.1
review: This game makes me want to become a lesbian. 10/10
game-hours: 11.1
review: a good game.
game-hours: 57.5
review: Put 50 hours in the first few days of it's launch, why don't you own this already?
game-hours: 24.1
review: GTA at it's best. "!!GOTY!!".
game-hours: 98.4
review: BEST GAME EVER MUST BUY THIS !
game-hours: 43.8
review: Ran over a hooker and my car fired up in the air. 10/10 Would play again, fun for the whole family.
game-hours: 35.0
review: Although I reccomend this game, I reccomend you get it later, after some optimization updates have been released. I'm getting FPS drops on lowest quality just driving. I don't think rockstar could have made a worse port to PC. It could be that it's just hot in my room. I don't know, but seriously rockstar. Come on. You had 2 years to make a PC version, and you ed it up with your  optimization. All this aside, GTA V is a great ing game. Note: I've fixed my issue, but people are still having problems with the port. Second note: People on GTA Online don't know how to do the Prison Break.
game-hours: 63.2
review: Grand Theft Auto 5 is an amaz- oh hold on someone left the heist lobby.
game-hours: 25.3
review: I have been playing this game since it's original launch, I went to the midnight release for the 360 and powered through story mode/single player and all it had to offer it for nearly a week. I played online mode the minute it was released, suffering through the crippling server issues that it had. With all of the problems during it's launch aside, I had an amazing experience. I felt this was really the first "next gen" game that I had the chance to play. The PS4 had launched shortly after in November and I awaited its release. Again, I played this game religiously on the PS4 during it's debut. With all of the being said, I pre-ordered this game for the PC (the third time for me) and patiently awaited it's release. Thus far I am having an amazing time. The game is polished, great, fun and runs flawlessly on my setup. The heists are amazing and social club is integrated nicely into the game. My only complaint would be that I wish there would have been a small tutorial or side note stating how to access the social club menu and that friends/crews can be modified only via the social club menu. A note for the people giving it negative reviews; For the people who cannot run this due to your hardware not being able to handle the game. Plain and simple, you should have read the requirements. This game is graphics intensive and requires a PC that can handle it. I personally would not try to run this game on laptop unless I was running an i7 with dedicated video cards. For the people who are complaining about the crappy community. This is GTA. If you are looking for a peaceful hand-holding experience there are many casual and team-oriented games on steam that might suit you better. You can also trigger online solo-play via the single player online options. For the people who simply cannot play this game due to crashes and other things that are beyond your control. I can understand your frustration and hope that the game will be able to be ran for you in the future. It really is a great experience and it would be shame that a rocky launch would sully the potential experience. Thank you Rockstar for another great game in a franchise that has kept me entertained since 2001. (GTA 3)
game-hours: 73.6
review: This is one of the best games I have played!
game-hours: 20.7
review: Un juego que se puede jugar
game-hours: 62.6
review: Highly suprised GTA online is such a good game. Graphics look nice, the sound is really emmersive, and most important, TONS and TONS of different jobs, from arm wrestling to racing with many variations, to bank heists and other sort of jobs, and oh yes, car customization is there, also up to the point where certian things will fit different type of landstyles better then other, character customization that goes pretty deep aswell, and a gigantic open world to explore. God, there is not a single thing i can dislike about GTA V, this is just THE game i have been waiting for, especially the GTA Online.
game-hours: 55.0
review: can fap on land can fap in car can fap in airplanes and helis can fap in boats 10/10 would fap again -
game-hours: 35.7
review: With many good and bad reviews, I though I'd give my two cents. The game itself preforms very well. The game is nicely optimized for good and bad computers. My computer is not very good, and I can still have just as much fun as anyone else. I've had so much fun in my little playtime, that I know that I'll have much more. When people say that the game is not optimized very well, it's because they have a  computer. I was suprised by how nicely the game preforms compared to the quality. 10/10
game-hours: 35.7
review: With many good and bad reviews, I though I'd give my two cents. The game itself preforms very well. The game is nicely optimized for good and bad computers. My computer is not very good, and I can still have just as much fun as anyone else. I've had so much fun in my little playtime, that I know that I'll have much more. When people say that the game is not optimized very well, it's because they have a  computer. I was suprised by how nicely the game preforms compared to the quality. 10/10
game-hours: 56.3
review: The gameplay is fine. It's nothing special and nowhere near best game ever level, but it's fun and works well. The plot is OK too, although not the best I've ever seen. For a port (if it's a port, Rockstar claims it isn't) it's optimized pretty well. Some people have problems and there are some bugs/glitches/bad things that will have to be fixed in the future, but nothing is really bad and worrysome. It's not the best optimized game ever, but it's great if you compare it to the  we've been getting in the last year. Game is pretty solid. Doesn't really shine out in any way, but everything works and it's entertaining. It's nice to see a working game get released for once again.
game-hours: 72.6
review: OMGGG THIS GAME IS AWESOME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 43.8
review: I like it, not because of the game itself, but that it actually works unlike GTA IV.
game-hours: 68.7
review: terbaek !
game-hours: 43.9
review: Just, yes. Yes.
game-hours: 68.5
review: Few minor hiccups at launch like ALL games nowadays, not that big an issue if you know your computer can run the game and know how to set your settings. This game is beautiful and Is one of the best games of the decade.
game-hours: 72.2
review: 10/10 - It's the dream of the PC Gamers, and the definition of FUN.
game-hours: 74.8
review: One day. 17.3 hours. Countless hours on XB360 and XB1. Weeks in Online alone. Must I say any more?
game-hours: 58.9
review: Amazing game! tons of activities to do and great storyline, they just need to fix the glitches of the Online version.
game-hours: 21.1
review: Very solid on PC :)
game-hours: 62.2
review: <3
game-hours: 22.3
review: I really recommend this game to everyone pc version is so much better then console and it was worth waiting for this pc version!!
game-hours: 18.8
review: Finally, rockstar made something that the pc masterrace can be proud of.
game-hours: 109.7
review: ++  ?  ++  steam+1.
game-hours: 53.0
review: Dem this game's good.
game-hours: 81.1
review: cant stop playin 9/11
game-hours: 45.0
review: Um.. If you don't own this game, there is something wrong with you. Something REALLY wrong with you
game-hours: 32.6
review: best dank game 2010. definetly a must dank meme. i rate 2.5/10 = xXdankmemer420Xx - IGN
game-hours: 22.9
review: This is the best game in GTA Series. I think GTA Online is very great and singleplayer is just absolutely interesting. In long term, I think the game would be boring but very very long time :v. 10/10 Sorry for bad grammarino
game-hours: 32.2
review: I saw a cat and punched it and it died :l 10/10
game-hours: 84.7
review: Finally !!! :D
game-hours: 5.4
review: Quite possibly the best PC game I have ever played. Worth every ing penny.
game-hours: 110.4
review: PC  1. 4K 60 fps 2.   PS3/XBOX 360  alpha test  PS4/XBOX ONE  BETA TEST 3. Video Editor         10/10    GTA   GTA 2,GTA3,GTA Vice city,GTA San Andreas,GTA 4, GTAepisodes from liberty city  GTA 5    GTA   GTA 5   GTA San Andreas  ,,,,
game-hours: 51.6
review: Had sex with a hooker then killed her to get my money back 10/10
game-hours: 20.0
review: DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNTIL IT IS FIXED. The game is horribly broken with bugs. Not only are most people that are having issues not able to play the game at all, the gameplay itself is hit or miss. Loadscreens are deathtraps and maybe about 20% of the time I can progress through them without the game just crashing completely.
game-hours: 48.7
review: single player good, but multiplayer look like no one tested this  of  online option.
game-hours: 13.5
review: I own the game now but my review isn't changing. Top kek.
game-hours: 6.0
review: This is officially the platform that GTA V's gameplay was meant for. I was enjoying this game for the time that I played it, and I was enjoying it quite a damn lot. You see, I had this $65 knife from CS:GO. What happened to this knife you ask? I traded it. For this game in particular. I found a guy, he seemed quite nice, but to avoid a scam for the trade, I had him send me the game first. He sent it. I then sent him the knife. Happily ever after right? Wrong. A few days after owning the game (Pre-ordered copy), GTA V is removed from my account due to "purchasing issues". Glitch in the Steam Matrix? Nope. The guy who sent me the game apparently bought the game via paypal and after a while of use, he then recalled/refunded the purchase of the game making me lose $65 in the process. Gotta love spending $65 for 2 days of the best gameplay of your life. All in all, buy this game, please don't get scammed like I did... Don't get scammed out of a $65 knife. Get GTA (T)V
game-hours: 34.2
review: Grand Theft Auto V : : ... (9/10 A+)  ps3  xbox    gta  ps4     ps3  fps    ps4 ps3    ps3   :     social club   win8   documents  (racist )
game-hours: 62.2
review: <3
game-hours: 53.0
review: Dem this game's good.
game-hours: 20.0
review: DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNTIL IT IS FIXED. The game is horribly broken with bugs. Not only are most people that are having issues not able to play the game at all, the gameplay itself is hit or miss. Loadscreens are deathtraps and maybe about 20% of the time I can progress through them without the game just crashing completely.
game-hours: 110.4
review: PC  1. 4K 60 fps 2.   PS3/XBOX 360  alpha test  PS4/XBOX ONE  BETA TEST 3. Video Editor         10/10    GTA   GTA 2,GTA3,GTA Vice city,GTA San Andreas,GTA 4, GTAepisodes from liberty city  GTA 5    GTA   GTA 5   GTA San Andreas  ,,,,
game-hours: 51.6
review: Had sex with a hooker then killed her to get my money back 10/10
game-hours: 26.9
review: Princess Robot Bubblegum in 60fps. watched for the plots.
game-hours: 12.3
review: I spent 20 minutes making my guy look perfect for his mugshot. He blinked on the picture. 11/10
game-hours: 105.0
review: Runs like butter very well made
game-hours: 75.9
review: Best game. 10/10
game-hours: 22.3
review: 10/10 Game.
game-hours: 25.0
review: Absolutly ing amazing! Running this with a GTX 780 and it couldn't be more beautiful!
game-hours: 36.2
review: That wait was worth it, great PC game in every aspect.
game-hours: 8.5
review: First thing that happened was some guy did hand brake drift next to me said 'GET IN' and we chased some dude in a car. He said that guy killed him and we were gonna go get revenge So we followed him, he pulled up next to the dude and I shot him out of the window 10/10 for first online experience
game-hours: 11.1
review: The good - Optimized really good for PC - First person mode works great with PC - Finally back on the PC - No Roman / Bowling The bad - Rockstar social club - First time play issue - Some bugs after first play with interface
game-hours: 54.7
review: Best INSTALLING SIMULATOR EVER!
game-hours: 102.0
review: Dan Houser just smacked me in the face with one of the best ports since FOREVER. It also looks really nice. What a bonus. Thanks Rockstar for giving me my go to game for the next few years. This truly expands dong.
game-hours: 45.9
review: This game is amazing! I'm not going to go into the gameplay or story because you already know how good that is but the first person camera does have an advantage of the last gen consoles. Q)How does the game run? A)The game runs very well even considering my specs aren't up to snuff. Q)What are your specs? A)Currently I have a core 2 quad q9650 3.0ghz Stock speed, 8 gigs of ddr2 800mhz G.Skill memory, a gigabyte g1 gaming gtx970 and my game is running off of kingstons hyperX fury 240gb hdd Q)what kind of framrate do you get? A)On high settings at a resolution somewhere between 1080p and 4k I get anywhere from 40 to 70 frames per second Q)Would you say gta5 is optimized better then gta4? A)Yes I would, this game runs with better framerates while also looking drastically better then gta4 Thank you for your time! Buy this game without hesitation if your pc is similar or better then mine and you will have no issues!!!!
game-hours: 14.1
review: Pretty well optimized update to GTA: San Andreas, I rate it V/V.
game-hours: 5.0
review: Do not play on minimum requirements.
game-hours: 28.5
review: Momma always said don't play GTA... ...Unless it's on PC in 4K at 60 fps.
game-hours: 32.0
review: Yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yesy yaydyysaddddddddddddddddddd
game-hours: 53.2
review: I honestly have no words how great this masterpiece is, R* may have messed about with us in the past, but it sure as  paid off. Thanks for an amazing experience R* 100/10
game-hours: 31.8
review: For once, this is the first PC port I have ever bought for $60 to say that it was well worth the full price. Game runs smoothly and I haven't run into any major glitches so far on launch day. However, if you have a crappy PC, don't expect it to run well whatsoever. I've noticed this with some reviewers complaining that the game had limited video settings and bad lag just because their video card didn't have enough VRAM or their processor wasn't good enough to handle the load. Aside from the Windows User Account Name bug, the game is great. tl;dr: game is shiny and smooth, 5/5 would delay again.
game-hours: 79.8
review: I can see the delays were well worth it. The game runs smoothly on max settings and is well optimised. This is a port well done, my money was well spent.
game-hours: 132.0
review: Full Detailed review : you can do any in thing you want - and with any person as long as he owns the game ----- this game will change GAMES standard forever ATLEAST for me why buy  unpolished game while you can play this Masterpiece with its awesome graphics, gameplay and non-endless content AND i would like to thank Console's filthy peasents for beta testing
game-hours: 19.6
review: Ignore the people who have weird names or bad PCs, this is good.
game-hours: 18.5
review: i guess its worth the wait
game-hours: 51.2
review: Best PC GTA ever! But really, this game looks absolute stunning and runs well even on non top end hardware. Im running a GTX770 and even with the game telling me that its using 2500 out of my 2048mb Vram it runs fantastically smooth. Gameplay with mouse and keyboard is working flawlessly aswell. Story is very well done and the Singleplayer has a high replay value. Online is just a joy to play. ( when the servers work(But i only had 1 disconnect so far)) I'd advise everyone that likes Action Games to buy this amazing piece of software. 10/10 Recommended
game-hours: 35.2
review: To sum it up pretty short, it was well worth the wait and was sure worth buying the game twice, first on 360 then PC. Four hours in on launch night and it is running flawlessly, at well above what GTAV says I should be running it at as well (Memory warning in settings with 2GB GTX770). The first person view is awesome, constant 60+ frames is awesome, the extra detail combined with extended view ranges is awesome. This release is just awesome all around.
game-hours: 93.1
review: Game of the year again and again.
game-hours: 23.3
review: Realy Good Game
game-hours: 22.8
review: THIS GAME IS PURPOSEFULLY MISPELT BRILLANT. I STILL HAVE CAPS TURNED ON DUE TO ME ACTIVATING THE SPECIAL ABILITY FOR EACH CHARACTER WITH THE CAPS BUTTON.
game-hours: 46.2
review: Great ing game even on low settings. 10/10 can allahu akbar my friends all day long.
game-hours: 78.2
review: was gonna withdraw some money in ATM... .....got hit by a rocket is this real life?
game-hours: 23.3
review: great optimizision very additctive with execellent soundtrack!
game-hours: 51.2
review: I actually never wrote a review before, but after playing GTA V I decided to do it :O The game is totally out of concept. The storyline is about family problems, spending time with your children, and chasing after your cheating wife... There are also unnecessary activities like yoga and tennis.. They did even put it in some of the missions, and that made it very boring. The game doesn't give me the feeling that I'm playing GTA, but The Sims '-_- However, the graphics are amazing and the requirements are low. The gameplay is also nice, so I can still recommend it.
game-hours: 66.9
review: An real masterpiece, one of the best games i've ever played, worth every cent, and definitely the ultimate version of the game, highly optimized for PCs. Worth the wait.
game-hours: 26.3
review: It was worth the wait. :)
game-hours: 31.3
review: If you've played Grand Theft Auto V on consoles, then you won't be disappointed. If you haven't, you're in luck because this is indeed the definitive version. In my opinion, Rockstar have done a wonderful job developing the game for PC. It was well worth the wait. The amount of graphical options means you can tweak the game to how you like it, especially if you're limited by hardware. The addition of the Rockstar Editor is just he icing on the cake. You may not be pleased with the price point due to when the game was released, but think of it as a brand new game being released in 2015 (because it's that good).
game-hours: 22.1
review: Arguably the best PC port rockstar has done. It runs surprisingly well.. and I'm on a laptop. Occasional frame drops during cut scenes, but other than that, mostly smooth frame rate. Driving with a mouse and keyboard feels fine and somewhat weighted, minus sports cars. Gamepad recommended for aircraft. The FOV for FPS mode requires a gander at, but I wouldn't recommend it if you are susceptible to nausea or motion sickness. Overall, a solid port, minus low res textures during FPS mode. This is arguably the BEST in the franchise.
game-hours: 32.6
review: GTAV is one of the best games I have ever played. Launch issues have been fixed for me in a recent patch. Runs incredibly well on my GTX 870M. This game is a must-play.
game-hours: 11.7
review: Enjoyed the ability to transition my PS3 game to PC.
game-hours: 49.5
review: Runs perfectly, Performance Depends on your PC so don't complain if you can't handle it. Very few tiny bugs on release, Nothing Gamebreaking. One of my favourite games on steam, Played it when it first came out on PS3 and it's definitely worth buying again, Tons of new features since then and absolutely lots of fun, Will probably end up one of my most played game up with Skyrim as long as they continue to add new features and DLC in the future, Definitely reccomend for full price and wouldn't wait for a sale. 9/10 With 47 Hours spent on multiplayer it does get a little repetetive, For people who just like roaming around killing people in fancy cars and don't really care about much else except having fun then it won't bother you. But for people like me who do lots of missions, races, want the fasters cars and best gear then you would be dissapointed, For me there's not enough cars there's 3 main super cars and once you have the fastest one then there's no challenge to get any other car, Sports/Super cars have no level requirement, The best Shotgun, pistol, and assault rifle have no level requirement, So yeah, If they added atleast 20 new USEFULL vehicles with level requirement, Re balanced and added more weapons, Atleast 2 from each class. And added clothing to the game that not only looks good but effects your character and requires a high level to use, Also more vehicle customization, WHY CANT WE INCREASE THE CAR SPEED AND ONLY THE ACCELERATION. it would make everyones cars different instead of everyone using the adder or zentorno!! So yeah these simple things would make this game the best game we've ever played, We can only hope.
game-hours: 18.7
review: Essentially improves everything GTA IV failed at with much more content and updated: graphics, gameplay mechanics and a huge story.
game-hours: 83.6
review: 10/10 would pre purchase it again .... first game i can say i dont regret to prepurchase
game-hours: 51.6
review: Jimmy was spooked.
game-hours: 99.0
review: Although I've already bought and played Grand Theft Auto V on the Xbox 360; I was always anticipating the release of the PC version, and now that it's here I can definitely say that there have been some major improvements to the game. Aside from all the expected bugs and difficulties on getting into GTA V and GTA Online at launch that many people, including myself, have been experiencing; this has definitely got to be the best instalment of the Grand Theft Auto franchise yet. I have nothing but high expectations for future updates, releases and most importantly - mods that can be legally applied to the game without breaching any terms of service. As long as Rockstar acknowledges and allows them first, of course. All in all - Grand Theft Auto V is a game that's worth buying as there's pretty much a slice of everything for everyone. Don't like doing missions? There's racing. Don't like racing? Do stunt runs. No stunts? Then there's matchmaking. Not to mention that the map is fairly large and offers many sights to see and places to explore. Perfect for the adventurous types. And if all else fails; you can easily walk into ammunation, stock up on weapons and ammo and go out on a murder spree... In a tank... Escorted by two armoured trucks, two fighter jets, a buzzard helicopter and a school bus full of murderous savages. Just don't be alarmed if you experience any bugs. As I said - they're to be expected at launch and will most likely all be patched up before you know it. I had to install the game twice in order for it to run perfectly fine, due to a faulty installation from pre-loading the game which caused roads, buildings and vehicles to vanish and reappear. Why am I even reviewing this? Grand Theft Auto is and always has been a great series. Stop looking in the comments for pros and cons and just go ahead and grab it, play it for yourself and enjoy all that it has to offer. Your steam library just isn't complete without it.
game-hours: 30.0
review: the good game pc 2015
game-hours: 60.7
review: Rockstar managed to make this a great port, so it's a no-brainer whether to get it or nah. 11/10
game-hours: 43.7
review: The only thing better than this game is Katy Perry's booty! <3
game-hours: 31.3
review: If you've played Grand Theft Auto V on consoles, then you won't be disappointed. If you haven't, you're in luck because this is indeed the definitive version. In my opinion, Rockstar have done a wonderful job developing the game for PC. It was well worth the wait. The amount of graphical options means you can tweak the game to how you like it, especially if you're limited by hardware. The addition of the Rockstar Editor is just he icing on the cake. You may not be pleased with the price point due to when the game was released, but think of it as a brand new game being released in 2015 (because it's that good).
game-hours: 22.1
review: Arguably the best PC port rockstar has done. It runs surprisingly well.. and I'm on a laptop. Occasional frame drops during cut scenes, but other than that, mostly smooth frame rate. Driving with a mouse and keyboard feels fine and somewhat weighted, minus sports cars. Gamepad recommended for aircraft. The FOV for FPS mode requires a gander at, but I wouldn't recommend it if you are susceptible to nausea or motion sickness. Overall, a solid port, minus low res textures during FPS mode. This is arguably the BEST in the franchise.
game-hours: 32.6
review: GTAV is one of the best games I have ever played. Launch issues have been fixed for me in a recent patch. Runs incredibly well on my GTX 870M. This game is a must-play.
game-hours: 11.7
review: Enjoyed the ability to transition my PS3 game to PC.
game-hours: 18.7
review: Essentially improves everything GTA IV failed at with much more content and updated: graphics, gameplay mechanics and a huge story.
game-hours: 11.1
review: The good - Optimized really good for PC - First person mode works great with PC - Finally back on the PC - No Roman / Bowling The bad - Rockstar social club - First time play issue - Some bugs after first play with interface
game-hours: 105.0
review: Runs like butter very well made
game-hours: 25.0
review: Absolutly ing amazing! Running this with a GTX 780 and it couldn't be more beautiful!
game-hours: 36.2
review: That wait was worth it, great PC game in every aspect.
game-hours: 12.3
review: I spent 20 minutes making my guy look perfect for his mugshot. He blinked on the picture. 11/10
game-hours: 54.7
review: Best INSTALLING SIMULATOR EVER!
game-hours: 79.8
review: I can see the delays were well worth it. The game runs smoothly on max settings and is well optimised. This is a port well done, my money was well spent.
game-hours: 21.6
review: It's a bit expensive and its glitchy and buggy same as in Playstation 3 and Xbox 360.. Anyway it's a fun game but the glitches need to be fixed really soon!
game-hours: 32.2
review: Amazing! It a lot better on pc than console
game-hours: 67.9
review: This game is fantastic, but I think everyone already knows that: Pro's: -Great open multiplayer world. -Awesome story line (Even though I havent gotten far) -Game runs very smoothly -Good customization -You dont have to go bowling with Roman Cons: It has a few bugs, like your screen sometimes freezes right after a mission. Several of my friends has that bug, but no bif deal. 10/10, its that amazing and totally worth waiting for. Thanks for beta-testing it for us, console peasants.
game-hours: 23.7
review: best game ever
game-hours: 29.8
review: Wing mirrors don't work 1/10
game-hours: 58.6
review: I've been waiting this game for a long time.. since the day one, the PS3 and X360 era, i've never played this game, because i'm sure one day this game will come to PC. and that day finally come.. - from performance review, to be honest, i'm very satisfied with this game, it's optimized to run in PC. not like WD, lol. but there's only one major issue, stuttering, but that issue often come out when you're using graphic setting that exceeded limit of your graphic card. i'm using GTX 670 and 8GB Ram and i can run this game in very high setting with MSAA turned off (i know, the staircase effect is very imminent lol) it's steady @45-60, but i'll always turn Vsnyc off, and i'm getting highest FPS @85. - story review: it's unique, 3 playable main character, each have their own mission and part, and own uniqueness.. Michael with his charisma and mastermind planning, Franklin with his loyalty and spirit, and Finally Trevor with his Unpredictable Capabilities. i will not spoil anything about the plot, but it's useless i guess you guys already know, huh? - Gameplay: i think this is a very complete open world experience, you can use 1st person camera, it feels like you're playing far cry game, you can customize your car and participate in a street race like in that EA game (you know what), you can run and gun or run and punch every single person in the game, you really have access to any place in the game, the movement animation is awesome, flip flop is really flop, lol.. gun play gameplay is very engaging, driving mechanic feels simplified not like GTA IV and i like it, there's so many things to do like golf, tennis, shooting range, or just driving around. i have no complain about the gameplay. but i'm not to satisfied with the wanted system, maybe it's because in gta without cheat you can get bullied by the cop easily, and the second thing is, there is no 6 star wanted level.. i miss being chased by National Guard.. lol -Control:i'm using keyboard and mouse, and it feels flawless.. every single function is customizable, and i'm not having a problem to get to use to.. but sometimes, it feels like the mouse responsiveness is not that responsive, idk maybe it's just my imagination.. :) -Sound: it's good, but not too awesome.. maybe if the gun sound is more maximized, it will be awesome.. the ambience too, not too stand out. the voice acting makes the story more interesting, like watching a movie. -Graphic: i think this GTAV PC edition will make WatchDogs Cry, lol. but i'm noticing it doesn't matter if you crank up the population density setting, the population isn't too improved, not so many. but then i never played GTAV on Last gen console before so idk the difference. shadow and AO is look so good, the lighting awwww it's ing perfect, the glory of GTA V is on the lighting system lol.. the weather effect, it's top notch. vehicle damage system is amazing, it's a joy to play this game on 1080p @60 fps, i'm curious what will be like when play this game on 4k Resolution? :) - Online Multiplayer: this is the masterpiece of Rockstar, the GTAO is the ultimate experience from playing GTA V, it's where all the fun are. it's a whole diferrent world in GTAO, it's anarchy. but it's fun, trust nobody, shoot first ask question never kinda thing. the more you have friend that play this game, the more you enjoy you play the game. it's just very fun and all the good things are here.. safehouse, customization, plane, tank,etc... Overall: - it satisfied me - Long await finally end, thank you - stuttering problem - no 6 star wanted level - sound is average - good story - make me losing my real life - make me hard to sleep - Online is very, very, very, very engaging and addicting. - NOT a waste of money if you haven't own and play this game before - GOOD Optimization for PC. - Eye Candy Graphic - Nice narrative and dialogue, the voice acting makes the story more interesting, like watching a movie. 10/10 for me.. thanks R*
game-hours: 12.0
review: With all the disappointing and and  Triple A games lately I was worried when I pre ordered GTA V but i don't regret it now. The Shaders are great, the textures are nice and the game play is great. The Driving is a bit hard to get use to but everything else is great. The Characters are interesting and I am actually excited to finish the Main Story of this game which hasn't happened since Sleeping Dogs. The Game Runs great and I could easily max it out and run it stably in full glorious 1080p @ 60fps and the best part is that I will never have to go bowling with Nico again.
game-hours: 2.5
review: GTA6 PC
game-hours: 29.8
review: Wing mirrors don't work 1/10
game-hours: 58.6
review: I've been waiting this game for a long time.. since the day one, the PS3 and X360 era, i've never played this game, because i'm sure one day this game will come to PC. and that day finally come.. - from performance review, to be honest, i'm very satisfied with this game, it's optimized to run in PC. not like WD, lol. but there's only one major issue, stuttering, but that issue often come out when you're using graphic setting that exceeded limit of your graphic card. i'm using GTX 670 and 8GB Ram and i can run this game in very high setting with MSAA turned off (i know, the staircase effect is very imminent lol) it's steady @45-60, but i'll always turn Vsnyc off, and i'm getting highest FPS @85. - story review: it's unique, 3 playable main character, each have their own mission and part, and own uniqueness.. Michael with his charisma and mastermind planning, Franklin with his loyalty and spirit, and Finally Trevor with his Unpredictable Capabilities. i will not spoil anything about the plot, but it's useless i guess you guys already know, huh? - Gameplay: i think this is a very complete open world experience, you can use 1st person camera, it feels like you're playing far cry game, you can customize your car and participate in a street race like in that EA game (you know what), you can run and gun or run and punch every single person in the game, you really have access to any place in the game, the movement animation is awesome, flip flop is really flop, lol.. gun play gameplay is very engaging, driving mechanic feels simplified not like GTA IV and i like it, there's so many things to do like golf, tennis, shooting range, or just driving around. i have no complain about the gameplay. but i'm not to satisfied with the wanted system, maybe it's because in gta without cheat you can get bullied by the cop easily, and the second thing is, there is no 6 star wanted level.. i miss being chased by National Guard.. lol -Control:i'm using keyboard and mouse, and it feels flawless.. every single function is customizable, and i'm not having a problem to get to use to.. but sometimes, it feels like the mouse responsiveness is not that responsive, idk maybe it's just my imagination.. :) -Sound: it's good, but not too awesome.. maybe if the gun sound is more maximized, it will be awesome.. the ambience too, not too stand out. the voice acting makes the story more interesting, like watching a movie. -Graphic: i think this GTAV PC edition will make WatchDogs Cry, lol. but i'm noticing it doesn't matter if you crank up the population density setting, the population isn't too improved, not so many. but then i never played GTAV on Last gen console before so idk the difference. shadow and AO is look so good, the lighting awwww it's ing perfect, the glory of GTA V is on the lighting system lol.. the weather effect, it's top notch. vehicle damage system is amazing, it's a joy to play this game on 1080p @60 fps, i'm curious what will be like when play this game on 4k Resolution? :) - Online Multiplayer: this is the masterpiece of Rockstar, the GTAO is the ultimate experience from playing GTA V, it's where all the fun are. it's a whole diferrent world in GTAO, it's anarchy. but it's fun, trust nobody, shoot first ask question never kinda thing. the more you have friend that play this game, the more you enjoy you play the game. it's just very fun and all the good things are here.. safehouse, customization, plane, tank,etc... Overall: - it satisfied me - Long await finally end, thank you - stuttering problem - no 6 star wanted level - sound is average - good story - make me losing my real life - make me hard to sleep - Online is very, very, very, very engaging and addicting. - NOT a waste of money if you haven't own and play this game before - GOOD Optimization for PC. - Eye Candy Graphic - Nice narrative and dialogue, the voice acting makes the story more interesting, like watching a movie. 10/10 for me.. thanks R*
game-hours: 2.5
review: GTA6 PC
game-hours: 36.2
review: GTA V is probably the prettiest, funnest and most action-packed game ever made. The Heist missions alone are absolutely unbelievable and a great mode for co-op oriented players. Graphics are very optimized and scale well. Play with friends and you won't regret your purchase.
game-hours: 28.2
review: I paid 60 dollars for somthing that doesnt even run....
game-hours: 74.3
review: God I ing hate this game, completely lost all social connections because of it. Just kidding, I never had a social life to begin with. Now seriously, I have a fairly old computer. Asus GH73, the specs aren't very good but gta is so well optimized, I run at a constant 60fps. It's amazing. There are a few random crashes, for instance, I was in First-Person and my mate punched me, instant crash. Some random crashes such as that will occur, but nonetheless it is definietly worth the time and money that is required in a game like this. I rate a 9/10. Once the patches fix all the bugs (if that's possible) it'll be a solid 10/10. Rockstar done did good.
game-hours: 22.0
review: played 13 hours straight no breaks at launch. this is rockstars best work, a fantastic pc port, and heres hoping future rockstar games on pc will be as optimized and polished as this. this serves as a fine example of pc ports done correctly. well worth the wait.
game-hours: 80.9
review: Goodbye Hanoi, i'm coming to Los Santos !!!
game-hours: 57.6
review: So was the PC version worth a buy...so far i bought a pad, I got Stoned, and Drunk, also looked in a few peoples backyards with a telescpoe i dont need!! This games still a 10 outta 10 and probly best copy yet, which i can only compare to ps3 and ps4!!
game-hours: 20.9
review: Best money I have ever spent
game-hours: 35.8
review: Shut up and buy it.
game-hours: 53.5
review: Why are you reading revieuws. Scroll back up and click "add to cart".
game-hours: 38.7
review: -Played GTAV on 360, so I'm expecting online to be faulty here as well -prepurchase in February -get dank copy of San Andreas and some in-game cash to blow on strippers -release date gets pushed back two times -proceed to wait out the inevitable  that will occur -finally download game -mysteriously have no problem doing so -get into campaign -haven't cried this much out of joy since my first child was born -beat tutorial in 4 minutes because not a scrub -try online -not suprised to see that it is down -fool around on the first mission with Franklin -beat it -goes back home -gf dumps me, so I naturally follow her -she gets in taxi -smug grin on her face and everything -I see this -I follow taxi to first intersection -kick car until driver gets out -box out driver, ex gf gets out of car -ohnoyoudont.jpg -run her down -proceed to bash her face in with monster fists -laugh as she falls to the ground -she doesn't get up after fifth punch -lol.jpg -coppers are now at the scene -punch shotgun cop in the face -pick up shotgun and proceed to pepper him and his comrade with his own shotgun -3starred.png -find smart car lookalike -get in -drive at 50 mph away from cops -go into Los Santos River -pull an Italian Job and lose all the cops -mfw i get out of my car and get hit by a semi and die -mfw i get out of the hospital and hulk smash the first lady i see 10/10 would kill ex gf and cops again Oh and the graphics are okay as well
game-hours: 48.5
review: Why would you even read any reviews. Just buy it.
game-hours: 33.4
review: ,     !   ,    "   ,   ".   ,    Rock Star     ,  UBISOFT ,        !    322/10 !
game-hours: 133.3
review: GTAV is finally here! Whatever took so long, it was worth the wait! It runs very well on newer rigs, the gameplay is gritty and satisfying, the dialogue is well written and performaed, the online has not had issues and are very stable, the graphics are beyond astounding, but the best of all is easily the atmosphere. Everything feels so rich, even more apparent while online. Joining up with a few friends just to freeroam and do random missions is where its at. Heists, skydiving, bicycling up mountains, collecting bounties, jet races, customizing cars, shooting random civilians, trying to ditch the cops, putting bounties on your own friends and watching people try to kill them, jet skiing, survival mode, monster trucking around crushing everything, shooting range competitions, trying to sell hot cars, it goes on and on!
game-hours: 51.3
review: So it looks like R* learned from GTA IV and managed to succesfully launch the biggest game ever. I had 0 errors while instaling and 0 after. For me, the game runs as smooth as it can. (You can check my HW in my profile and my native settings are very high) [I preordered and I am fully satisfied] Thank you R* 5 stars out of 5 ;)
game-hours: 36.9
review: 1. Bought an apartment 2 Got drunk and high 3. watched princess robot bubblegum all day 10/10 just like real life would life again.
game-hours: 33.8
review: Even though I was never really a hardcore fan of the series I must admit playing this Online with friends is  fun.
game-hours: 7.6
review: It is everthing you would expect had you played the last gen or next gen except it comes with graphics than once jaw dropped you on your xbox 360 now is being tickled my the devil down in china. basically get the game and play it. even with my integrated intel hd graphics of sh*tness i can still play the game at lowest settings and 1280*720p at roughly 15-20fps so give it a shot.
game-hours: 77.8
review: Absolutely amazing. GTA V is so well optimized, it's actually hard to believe. I'm playing on a GTX 760, set the settings to 1080p high and runs like a hot knife through butter (constant 60+). This is a prime example of how to do a PC port right.
game-hours: 55.2
review: It's freaking awesome and very well optimised.
game-hours: 78.9
review: I'm having an low end rig and the game runs really smooth. Indeed, I use the lowest settings and a quite low resolution, but I don't mind. The PC version is the best version indeed!
game-hours: 51.8
review: I still remember the never evers.
game-hours: 20.1
review: well worth the wait. everything on max settings and the game is 60fps. i 100% this game on 360. i will max this one too. just looking at all the eye candy put into this game. well done rockstar
game-hours: 44.9
review: My Quest has been simple. To gain every strippers mobile number. Would question life decisions leading to these moments again. 11/10.
game-hours: 18.5
review: I expected this to be like PAYDAY 2... very disappointed. 11/10
game-hours: 101.8
review: Worth the wait. EVERYTHING on highest settings stable @ 60~ fps w/GTX 780 I'm pretty happy with the game, it runs so well. Heists is a lot of fun and is actually pretty hard. Do you like GTA? If yes, BUY IT!
game-hours: 54.3
review: You know what people say, patience is a virtue? I understand it now.
game-hours: 45.7
review: Firstly I have been waiting for this game since console release, and swore to only play it on PC as I'm not a console fan. I pre-ordered the game in January with much anticipation and excitement. Although the game was pushed back a couple times due to technical issues, I didn't mind as I wanted GTA V to run correctly on my system, I mean who wants a broken game? Secondly, as soon as I launched the game when it became live, I fell in love with it, it is all I had hoped for and I'm incredibly impressed with the way it has been optimized. Unfortunately, nothing is ever perfect and neither is this game. Day 2 after release and I can no longer continue with the game, as it crashes with every mission I begin, now as disappointing as this is, I'm not angry like a lot of people are, you need to allow the game a couple of weeks to allow Rockstar to iron out the game breaking bugs. Even though I haven't played as much storyline as I had hoped at this point, I highly recommend it to any Rockstar Fanboy/Fangirl, as it is one of the best games I have played in a very long time, visually and performance wise. Well done Rockstar on an amazing game!
game-hours: 38.5
review: If the Workshop is available for mods that will be more awesome!!
game-hours: 14.1
review: Took about 45 minutes to decrypt the game once the release time hit. And here we go again, another time devouring game. So far so good, no issues running the game and getting started. Runs great on a 3770k with Nvidia 770 GTX SLI @ 2560 x 1440 with Asus Rog SWIFT G-Sync. Not a fan of making a Rockstar account and finding my name taken by someone years ago. This Rockstar DRM Requirement is encumbersome and shouldn't be a requirement for Steam Version. Pro-Tip install this on a SSD, will make installation much faster and gameplay much better. Will update when I experience and discover more, but so far lots of fun.
game-hours: 15.3
review: PLUSES: + It is just GTA + Amazing graphics as real + Interesting missions + Driving is more real than other GTAs + First person and interior camera
game-hours: 42.4
review: What a launch !! And the game is AMAZING-immersive storyline-great graphics(0ptimisation is SUPER).All I can say is WOW!! A teriffic job by Rockstar Games.I have to give it two thumbs WAY up !!
game-hours: 77.3
review: -  -     -     -     -    -            -       :)
game-hours: 19.9
review: i was worried i wouldnt be able to run this on my 4 way SLI titan X cause thats hard pushed to play minecraft at a stable 30 FPS so i bought it and i rate 100/10 for graphics there just a bit better then Minecraft graphics
game-hours: 53.7
review: Break laws, acquire currency.
game-hours: 15.0
review: Expensive game that won't launch, had it downloaded 4/13 after the release at 7pm EST and the issue that many other players are having, has not been patched since rockstars big bonus.
game-hours: 50.8
review: 10/10 Amazing port, great perfomance, great gameplay & in other words a master piece.
game-hours: 8.7
review: Crashing at the same point in the story every time now. Takes 10 minutes to reach that point even to test if it will crash again. It does....Such a shame. Makes it unplayable.
game-hours: 2.2
review: key already activated and account locked -1/10
game-hours: 40.3
review: Ok, not much I can say about GTA V at this time since this is the first time that I've ever placed it as I don't own a console and have been staying away from spoilers as best I could while I patiently waited for them to finally confirm and release to PC. Frankly though, there's not much I need to say since most of us already know what GTA is, so I'll just give a break down of what I think about the game so far on my rig. So first of all I am running an i5 3570K Processor at stock with turbo enabled, along with a GTX 760 video card with 2 gigs vram and 8 gigs of installed RAM. I must say to Rockstar, excellent job on optimising this game for PC, but the graphics to me were overhyped. Graphics are nice at 1080p, but when I compare the graphics of GTA V PC to Watch_Dogs PC with similar settings I must give Watch_Dogs the win for this one in terms of graphics, but Watch_Dogs was not optimised so that might explain why they dumbed down GTA V's graphics. The presentation of this game is as top notch as expected and the first few minutes I've been playing I am really feeling this game. The driving is OK, but takes some getting used to. So far these are my ratings for the game and might change as I keep playing and experimenting: Graphics - 8/10 Sound - 10/10 Gameplay - 9/10
game-hours: 100.9
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 50.8
review: Awesome game! worth the wait
game-hours: 30.7
review: 10/10 the delays were good cuz they gave us this amazing game 1000 hrs + incoming
game-hours: 76.8
review: 10/10           180
game-hours: 110.3
review: This game is what I was waiting for. Extremely worth the wait, hella fun. MUST. BUY.
game-hours: 79.6
review: +1
game-hours: 3.2
review: look to be a good game, but it can't see my graphic card, so it can't run in more then 800x600
game-hours: 22.2
review: Good single, absolutely horrible online and community. SA > V.
game-hours: 40.7
review: Stunning visuals, flawless performance, and some of the most immersive animations I've seen in a game. Highly recommended.
game-hours: 90.2
review: Would I recommend this?  yes I would! I played a lot of it on the PS3, and having seen the differences so far in the PC version, I gotta say Rockstar smashed this out of the park! Worth the 39.99 asking price? You're damned right, buddy. Side note: having played 3+ hours so far, I've had no problems in story mode or GTA Online. Both ran smoothly.
game-hours: 76.2
review: PS3 & XBOX360 Thanks for Alpha Testing. Xbox One & PS4 Thanks for Beta Testing.
game-hours: 10.2
review: Joined server went 2 friends house drank wiskey blue screened 69/10 would drink wiskey again
game-hours: 48.9
review: UTTER CRAP
game-hours: 23.4
review: The hype is real!
game-hours: 70.3
review: social club log in
game-hours: 2.2
review: Best login screen slimulator, can't even go online. PC Master Race 10/10
game-hours: 3.0
review: Melted my PC into liquid meth 11/10
game-hours: 36.7
review: ~Mixed Review~ (So has to get a thumbs down) -The Good- 1. Game looks good 2. The TPS elements aren't bad 3. Has the general GTA feel. -The Bad- 1. Driving is often sloppy due to "character "skillz."" - Pretty huge component of a GTA game could have just left this stat out altogether. Car handling would have been ample enough. 2. Characters fit typified stereotypes. -The Ugly- (Everything below, I would consider PRETTY ING BASIC DESIGN ELEMENTS FOR GAMES) 1. No Defaults for user preference settings (e.g. Racing - NO RADIO STATION) - it doesn't even care to remember your previous settings. 2. Automatically defaults you into populated lobbies after a job. If I wanted to be in a populated server I WOULD HAVE SELECTED IT FROM THE START! 3. Single Player: Required DRM (Is this still working out for anyone? Apart from steam.) 4. Friendlist is less than intuitive. While I get they want you to manage things with your phone. It would make sense to have those options that don't tie directly to YOUR CHARACTER but your account in the game over menu. (Your element is in the wrong spot!) A good compromise would to have it in both locations. Hows about integrating it with already existing systems, I dunno like friends on steam. >.> 5. Pay2Win... How about Um... NO? 6. Grind RANK along with cash hurray. Other  -PC Launch, Online problems you do pre-sales for a reason. Yes to pad your wallet with fat stacks of paper. However, it is also a good way for you to gauge launch day server load
game-hours: 3.2
review: this game does not work and alot of my friends are getting made and having the same porblom
game-hours: 5.8
review: Just like the realese on Xbox360 and P3, absolute sh*t. I can't even launch the game, on steam it sayes that i'm playing it but nothing opens. And all the ''fixes'' doesn't help sh*t. You would think that after 1 or 2 years (Who counts anymore) that Rockstar would have ironed out all the bugs and glitches, but the haven't. GG Rockstar #PleaseRealeseUnbrokenGamesNextTime.
game-hours: 29.8
review: Well, social club crashes on start. Can't play the game. Tried all of the fixes, nothing worked. Great game. 10/10 jk.
game-hours: 40.5
review: It took me 12 hours just top be able to get 5 minutes in game to post this.Game doesn't start i click play and the spinning wheel of death pops up and nothing happens -should of made a pre lunch day beta for people who pre ordered to get rid of this problem before it was officially launched -should of tested GTAV's compatibility with multiple computers
game-hours: 73.9
review: I can even fap to this, 10/10
game-hours: 16.2
review: Too many starting bugs. Has been a real pain...still is.
game-hours: 0.9
review: altough i played it on the ps3. and it was a very good game on that platform. after a day i haven been able to get the game to start. yesterday i made a rockstar support ticked nothing heard of it. i find it sad because on the ps3 it was a titan of a game. on the pc i expected even more. so im sad that this happened i can't recommend it now form my point of view. but when i can get it to work. i think it would be one of the best free roam pc games right now on the pc. so right know i cant recomment it sadly. because of technical problems. when those problems are solved. and will not arise for new players. based on my expirience form the ps3 version i would definetly recomend this game. just not the pc version right know sorry
game-hours: 92.4
review: So far really dissapointed, Lots of lag and freezing,without these lags and freezes game runs like a charm so they did something good there but still for me its unplayable due to these freezes and lags , I even tried it on low settings but same issue( my rig is above recommended ) and ofcourse the cloud servers have issues saving progress once in a while ( before fanbois cry this has nothing to do with my rig ;) ). And today for some reason my garage got bugged and I lost 2 of my expensive cars which were fully upgraded ( I am a returning player from xbox 360 ) and now each time I put a car there it gets duplicated but the duplicated one does nto really exist but still takes up the garage slot to park a car. If you want to play the game without issues and problems, stay away from it for 1 month and then try, hopefully rockstar has solved these issues.
game-hours: 52.4
review: I dont always write a review for a game, but when i do, the game is not even stating :(
game-hours: 72.2
review: I just flew a plane into a building. 9/11 would play again
game-hours: 36.7
review: GTA Means ( Greater Technology Area )
game-hours: 44.5
review: This review is coming soon! 10/10
game-hours: 38.5
review: You've all read way more than your fair share of reviews on GTA 5, as if it's even needed. But my comment goes to the 3.700 haters. I really don't see how anyone can have a negative review about this game. It's the most perfect game, the best of the series, and the most perfect Edition of it. It's a sad sight to see how people can be unfair for no particular reason. Reflects more about themselves than anything else.
game-hours: 6.5
review: Downloaded 70GB of game Decrypted game Unpacked game Launched game Game crashed twice because of low memory problems Goes and buys another 8 gb of RAM Can't because Canada Computers closes at 7:30 PM Buys tomorrow Installs RAM Launches game Graphics driver crashes Launches again ??? Profit! 11/10 would run out of RAM again
game-hours: 29.3
review: Took 5 hours to download, another hour to unpack, then the social club bugged out and wouldnt let me create an account great b8 11/10
game-hours: 59.0
review: Loads of crashing whenever playing online, like loads of other players. Guess the delays were for nothing.
game-hours: 16.6
review: Damn son, where'd you find this? 10/10 -IGN
game-hours: 78.2
review: STEAL A CAR IN 60FPS DRIVE A CAR IN 60FPS KILL A GUY IN 60FPS SWIM IN 60FPS SHOOT IN 60FPS FIRST PERSON IN 60FPS WALK IN 60FPS FALL IN 60FPS FLY IN 60FPS PARACHUTE IN 60FPS SMOKE WEED IN 60FPS BE A REDNECK IN 60FPS GO TO A STRIPCLUB IN 60FPS LOSE ALL YOUR MONEY IN 60FPS LAUGH AT CONSOLE IN 60FPS
game-hours: 98.6
review: Grand Theft Auto V is an open world, action-adventure video game developed by Rockstar North and published by Rockstar Games. Set within the fictional state of San Andreas (based around Southern California), the single-player story follows three criminals and their efforts to commit heists while under pressure from the government agency. The open world design lets players freely roam San Andreas, which includes open countryside and the fictional city of Los Santos (based on Los Angeles). The game is played from either third-person or first-person view, and its world is navigated on foot or by vehicle. You control the three lead protagonists throughout the single-player mode switching between them both during and outside of missions. The story is centred on the heist sequences, many of the missions involve shooting and driving gameplay. Outside of missions, you can freely roam the big open world. Mostly composed of the San Andreas open countryside area and fictional city of Los Santos, the world of Grand Theft Auto V is much larger in area than earlier entries in the series. The single-player mode lets players control three characters: Michael De Santa, Trevor Philips and Franklin Clinton criminals whose stories interconnect as they complete missions. You can use melee attacks, firearms and explosives to fight enemies, and may run, jump, swim or use vehicles to navigate the world. Throughout single-player, you may switch between the protagonists at will by using directional compass on the HUD. The game may switch between the characters automatically in single-player missions to complete the objectives. A character's compass avatar will flash red if is in danger and needs help, and flash white if he has a advantage. Overall I give GTA V a 9/10 stars it is a huge improvement to it's predecessor. I absolutely recommend you get this game because I am just absolutely without single doubt sure that Grand Theft Auto V will not disappoint you in anyway at all!.
game-hours: 0.3
review: If you can not log into the Social Club account that is linked to Steam you can not activate this game. Rockstar Support won't help you. If you have this issue and buy this game, you won't be able to play.
game-hours: 0.3
review: If you can not log into the Social Club account that is linked to Steam you can not activate this game. Rockstar Support won't help you. If you have this issue and buy this game, you won't be able to play.
game-hours: 8.9
review: I really love how I dropped sixty dollars on this game and downloaded the whole 59 gigabytes for days and at the end of the day when I launch this game I have to log in to the ing Rockstar Social Club. Yes that's right, you drop cash on this and the entire game is stored locally on your disk and you need to get an authentication from Rockstar to launch it. No offline mode. There isn't even a hash of your last log in which would serve as authentication. Great game but this ubsurdity ruins it.
game-hours: 40.7
review: Rockstar- The new Ubisoft
game-hours: 71.3
review: I waited and waited for this to release on the PC. When the X360 and PS3 versions were out on the shelves, the voices in my head screamed out, "NO! THAT IS NOT THE PROPER EXPERIENCE, YOU MUST WAIT!" and with that I waited... A year later, the "Next-Gen" experience released on the "Next-Gen" consoles, and when I started thinking maybe this is what I should go for, the voices came back, kicking and yelling and hollering "NO! DO NOT GIVE IN! YOU MUST BE PATIENT!". Again, I obeyed them... When it was possible to pre-purchase said game on steam, the voices had calmed down, and only one of them was talking.."Now is the time, you know what must be done." ..they were right...I moved my mouse as fast as possible to add the game to my cart and make the purchase. It was over before I could even fully comprehend what came over me. Had I made the right decision to pre-purchase? What if it's GTA IV all over again? Launch day at last, everything preloaded and ready, waiting for the game to unpack. The voices now seemed to be at 200% volume, barking away the same two words repeatedly "IT'S HERE!". Finally, I'm in the game. Everything is running smoothly, there are so many options and settings...so many choices. The Frames Per Second were too high, oh so too high to be true. I played for hours and hours, not encountering any bugs, any glitches, even after that magnificent day passed, I still cannot find any major bugs. It's like they all crawled away and made refugee in EA's next big title. If time travel was made possible. I would go back in time and pre-purchase this game all over again, and again, and again. I would never once regret it.
game-hours: 4.6
review: not working, couldnt start at all..
game-hours: 154.3
review: This game is optimized AMAZINGLY well. I can max out easily at 1080p with steady 60 FPS. I've got a 7970 6GB Ghz Edition with a 4670k. Now, I will say that ALL of my friends with AMD are running this game with absolutely no issues at all, however, my friends with NVidia are having issues. So if you're one of these kids with NVidia running around crying that the game is bad, wait until NVidia releases some proper drivers first, then see how it runs for you. 10/10 MUST BUY
game-hours: 41.1
review: Sadly laptop gamers still can't play and no one from Rockstar has given any signs of knowldge about the problem.
game-hours: 16.9
review: My experience so far: 50% Playing 50% Loading
game-hours: 58.3
review: a
game-hours: 73.4
review: This indie gem created by up-and-coming developer Rockstars Interactive has received mixed reviews, but I'm here to tell you not to listen to the unwashed masses. GTA V has you play as three characters: Miguel, Frankie and Tevor. Starting as Trevor, the goal is to roam the city to steal as much cars as possible (hence the games name - Grand Theft Auto). As you get better at stealing cars you unlock Miguel and Franklin and their respective criminal activities (child slave trafficing and explosives smuggling). The game takes a dark turn towards the end where you must streamline your child trafficing methods to be able to compete with the Chinese, meaning cramping them in smaller spaces and giving them worse and worse conditions. A real eye opener to the people unaware of these real issues you and I as world citizens face today. The games message does however get a bit hamfisted toward the end where you spend an entire mission beating the living  out of Asian children to heart tugging music (I disabled the music in the audio options but it plays in this section regardless). You can't skip this part, but I get why the game has such a high age restriction after getting maximum score on the mission. Great game, but it's pretty graphic so take the age restriction seriously.
game-hours: 85.0
review: An old man named R* f*cked me for over 4 month, and the lolipop he gave me has laxative in it. It's been 2 days and I'm still sh*tting blood out off my @ss. I think I should appologize to R* because I got an AMD graphics card on my gaming laptop. "I'm so sorry that I used AMD card, I am the 'minority', lol." I heard NVIDIA user also experience the same problem, but luckly they can still play. I understand R* is just too good to test their game on laptop graphics cards like AMD and NVIDIA even though they asked for another 2 month. I counted at least 8 kinds of problem that can happen to you when you simply try to start the game. I don't know if it's because their genius team never thought about run the game on laptop or they just don't want to fix the problems. Just what kind of machine do R* use to test game before they have the courage to release it, now I see why they need to delay the release date. I think R* still need a few century to release this game on PC. It's not their fault, it's just players not patient enough and pushed them too hard :D God I wish I can play GAT5 when I am still alive.
game-hours: 25.3
review: When i launch the game, its says I'm playing then nothing happens and I'm suddenly not playing. No word from Rockstar about a patch and none of the community fixes worked for me. I wouldn't purchase GTA V until Rockstar makes an official statement. Although, from what I've seen on streams the game looks and runs great but the launch issues overshadow the good.
game-hours: 0.2
review: Not good.. Can't play.. Activation code already used after paying for this game.. unhappy.
game-hours: 22.7
review: First of all, I love the GTA series and after seeing people play, it looks amazing, IF I COULD PLAY IT. There are so many people unable to open and play the game, that you start thinking "have Rockstar even tested if the game could start?" My "Windows user Account only have letter a-z A-Z and 0-9, so I don't have that problem. I click "play", it loads for a few seconds, then stops, and nothing else happens. Bugs like that should be tested for and fixed BEFORE release. Have been wasteing HOURS, trying to fix it, nothing works. So untill I get to try the game, it gets a thumb down from me.
game-hours: 0.2
review: Cant even get the game to start up......
game-hours: 67.9
review: Best n1gga simulator!!! Drugs,money,prostitues,heists,thugs. All you can have in one game!!!
game-hours: 20.0
review: Been trying to play since launch. Get a launcher crash every time. GG 10/10
game-hours: 69.2
review: WHO'S THE MASTER PLATFORM NOW? !
game-hours: 5.8
review: FIX THIS GAME!!! I can't load the luncher... :-(
game-hours: 25.7
review: 9.5 hours of pure crashing launcher epicness. Do not buy till it gets patched. Crash reason: mov dword ptr [0], 0 GG Rockstar.
game-hours: 50.0
review: Great optimization so far! Run on Nvidia settings with a GTX 970 and constantly get 60-90fps. Very High settings. 12 hours+ and only a few crashes.
game-hours: 40.4
review: This game is  right now. I cant run this game with my display adapter enabled so the game runs like . I get around 6 fps when Im finally able to get past the half and hour loading screens.
game-hours: 11.1
review: i need unlink my steam account from socialclub account, it's told me you must talking the customer support WTF it's only unlink not hacking my account. i told him before 29 hour ago i'm very angry customer support is very Primitive
game-hours: 28.1
review: It's really great, pay alot of money, wait for 2 days on the installation. Get really excited and think about what you gonna do when you finally can play. First problem, launcher wont start. Okay, look things up. Fix it, NEXT problem, the social network or whatever its called tells me that it wont find any Windows media player installed on my computer, WHEN i have it, and use it everyday for movies and music. Okay, once again, i look things up to find a cure to this curse! Then i do everything that guides, fixforums, tips/trixes tells me to do. Still wont work. I have no clue if it will be fixed, but one thing for sure, why the  in heavens way do you need WINDOWS MEDIA PLAYER to actually play? Thats just absurd, i loved the game on console, i really wanted to play it on PC, but this just makes me really dissapointed. I know my computer is old, but i can play Titanfall without problems, and thats one hell of a game for sure. So my conclusion of this so far. NOT happy at all. If it wont come any updates soon and fix this problem, i want my money back, full refund. Over and out my fellow gamer-lads.
game-hours: 27.1
review: (WARNING**** CHANGE OF HEART )UPDATE: AFTER FIRST PATCH THIS GAME HAS BEEN PERFORMING ALOT BETTER. MY LOVE FOR ROCKSTAR IS UNMATCHED. THE DEVS ARE ON TOP OF THE COMMUNITIES ISSUES. RECOMMEND THIS TITLE TO ALL.. ....(ORIGINAL REVIEW).. ** FOR THE PEOPLE THAT ARE HAVING PROBLEMS STARTING THIS ON LAPTOPS, DISABLE YOUR ANTI-VIRUS.. ALL OF THEM. (UNPLUG ANY CONTROLLERS, OR ELSE YOUR SYSTEM WILL CRASH) NOW FOR MY REVIEW LOVE THE GAME, GRAPHICS ARE EYE-POPPING, GAMEPLAY IS PHENOMINAL. WHEN EXITING THE GAME THROUGH THE ONLINE (SETTINGS) OPTION, MY DESKTOP CRASHED (TWICE). THE SECONG TIME I EXITED MY PC NEVER RECOVERED FROM THAT CRASH. IM RESOLVING THE ISSUE AS IM TYPING (SYSTEM RESTORING). IM NOT TOO UPSET BECAUSE ALL OF MY DATA IS BACKED-UP. JUST WORRIED THAT THIS GAME IS UNPLAYABLE CURRENTLY.
game-hours: 5.2
review: you rockstar and your social club account
game-hours: 15.8
review: when I start the game launcher doesn't work just loading I have been wait 1.5 hours but game is not loading please help me
game-hours: 53.2
review: Game has fat cats 10/10
game-hours: 5.4
review: So far so good, spent 92 minutes 'playing' GTA 5, by playing if that includees staring at a loading screen then I'm currently having a grand old time.
game-hours: 35.6
review: Decides to release 0.1 GB update at release *Hell freezes over as hundreds of thousands of players all try to download it at once* 10/10 would again wait 1 hr to download 200 MB *But on serious note, amazing game, if you are yet to play GTA V, it is an absolute must if your computer can handle it, 1 hr in and already hooked AND ALSO, no Auto-Aim AT ALL(For Mouse & Keyboard) already makes it better than the console counterpart.
game-hours: 39.1
review: Great game. The loadings could be quicker though.
game-hours: 46.5
review: Fantastic game, but random FPS drops
game-hours: 19.2
review: GTA V is possibly my favourite ever game to be on pc. Not only is it a massive improvment to the console versions, its also a great port unlike GTA IV (errrghcghcg) Recommended Game to anyone who enjoys open world :)
game-hours: 112.4
review: Very very best game but session always full. Y_Y
game-hours: 42.1
review: im going to play this game for like my all life
game-hours: 23.2
review: No bowling in this game 10/10
game-hours: 44.4
review: Runs faster than a hooker with a death threat
game-hours: 52.4
review: Tried to figure out how the keys work (how to punch etc.) and accidentally killed a cat by punching it 11/10
game-hours: 21.9
review: The best game ever Finaly is on PC :DD
game-hours: 85.9
review: 8/8 Would stab some random guy again!
game-hours: 27.0
review: it runs maxed on my laptop, im sold
game-hours: 46.3
review: spine stomped a body builder to death and the rest fled like french people good game
game-hours: 35.6
review: One of the cleanest PC ports I've seen in a while. Gotta love that 60fps.
game-hours: 43.0
review: This review for GTA V for PC has been delayed for release until May 28th. I apologize for the inconvience
game-hours: 57.1
review: My life is over. Goodbye real world.
game-hours: 31.7
review: I Can't Stop play GTA V 10/10
game-hours: 36.6
review: better than i thought gettin good fps
game-hours: 15.1
review: I never have to go out with Roman again!
game-hours: 74.5
review: just got real
game-hours: 63.3
review: "Suspect is traveling at 50 mph.... in a.. blimp..." 11/10
game-hours: 71.7
review: It's like GTA V, but better.
game-hours: 40.3
review: Great port runs so smoothly on my outdated set up. Ignore all the reviews complaining about  on the first day... no game has had a perfect release.
game-hours: 33.0
review: it's a good time to be a pc gamer <3
game-hours: 43.0
review: Best game ever. Played it on Xbox 360 and Xbox One but PC version is on another level, it runs sooo smooth. Thanks Rockstar for letting me transfer my online progress from 360 to One and now from One to PC. Strong buy recommendation.
game-hours: 57.0
review: This isnt a review. just a statement. This game is awesome!!!
game-hours: 76.1
review: Best game series ever.
game-hours: 56.9
review: This game is very fun, I really cannot be asked to come up with more because I'd need an eternity.
game-hours: 74.7
review: I tried to move over to a wall on the building to climb over, but instead I turned and leapt off the roof. 10/10, would learn control system again
game-hours: 120.6
review: Went into first person and looked down. Better boobs than my own. :-(
game-hours: 37.8
review: worth the weight
game-hours: 61.7
review: It's GTA 5! PS3/XBox360 Alpha Testers PS4/XBoxOne Beta Testers PC (Master Race) Finished Product
game-hours: 34.4
review: Initial impressions of the port after a few hours gameplay. I have an i7 4770 and GTX 780. I have almost everything maxed at Ultra or Very High apart from Nvidia Shadows and High Definition Shadows. The game runs between 40fps at it's occasional lowest and 80 fps at its highest. It levels most of the time at around 50-60fps. Considering the leaps and bounds in graphic fidelity compared to even the current gen versions on consoles which ran at 30fps, I am very happy with how the game performs. As for the quality of the game, well the 4 hours I've played so far seem very good and is a promising start. I've seen some having issues with Social Club login which they need to fix and for some reason Steam overlay hides a crucial button during activation in Social Club which makes no sense but apart from that I had zero issues and logs in all the time before the first splash screen appears for me. Update 12 hours in: Frame rates take a massive nose dive once reaching the country and moving from the city. Turning the Grass to Very High from Ultra can claw some frames back but I'm willing to play with the sub 30fps due to how nice it all looks. The game is still great and the mission variety has begun to open up now, including my first raid which was brilliant, made difficult by the fact I took an inexperienced hacker who alerted the cops before I was done. So far my favourite GTA since Vice City.
game-hours: 31.9
review: GTA - V, Good game for those who like open-free roaming sandbox games, however do NOT trust all the reviews saying this game is bug free. At first (I mostly play online) there were no bugs AT ALL until I hit level 8. Then it started as you can see in the list below: - Upon death camera would freeze on the death screen preventing you from seeing where you were going after you respawn. - Heist sequencing bugs out and cutscenes play in the wrong order. - Random disconnections due to an unknown error on the server. - Game CRASHES due to Rockstar games social club errors. Pros: - Open gameplay and TONS of activities to do. - Lots of ingame content. - Game looks beautiful and runs smoothly (well optimised). - Controles are good, however flight might take abit of getting used to. Cons: - Game can feel like a grind to unlock more stuff and earn money. - After you complete all the activities a few times the game can feel boring. - Initial loading takes a LONG time, I've had to sit and wait for the game to load for about 1-2 mins (and that is with an I7-4790k, 16GB RAM at 1600mhz and a GTX 780 TI 3GB). - Ingame loading takes a long time, about 30 secs to 1 min. - People will randomly leave your server in mass waves, leaving you on your own. - Transition from loading to playing is cool at first, but the entire thing takes up 5-10 seconds and becomes monotonous after awhile. MY recommendation: If you enjoyed previous GTA's then I would recommend you wait till around May-June 2015 to buy this game so that most of the bugs are fixed. If you did not enjoy previous GTA's so much then I would recommend that you wait for the game to go on sale.
game-hours: 33.7
review: It was 60 dollars for a 60 GB game, the way I see it 1 dollar per GB is pretty good for the fun i am getting out of this
game-hours: 75.7
review: I can feel me life fading before my eyes...
game-hours: 11.0
review: Chop s another dog and i said: ''Man, that`s a dude, Chop. Man, you`ll  anything.'' 10/10
game-hours: 24.5
review: Let's start this review off by saying that I'm playing the game on a HP Pavillion HPE pre-built computer, which is the pinnacle of outdated rigs. My Geforce GTX 550 Ti wasn't made for this, not at all. I've been running the game in a borderless 4:3 window with most graphics settings on normal (which is the lowest setting) to keep the game stable around 30 fps. Here's the deal though; I've been having an absolutely great time playing the game regardless. The controls are great and the game looks very good, even on the lowest settings. I've already played through the story before on console, so I've been spending most of my time in GTA Online, which does have the occasional connection problems. Problems which are likely attributed to the high load on the Rockstar servers. All in all, the PC version definitely has issues. However, the PC version is definitely better than the console versions were and is one of the best (if not the best) AAA games released so far in 2015. Of course, opinions may vary and the best way to find out would be playing it yourself. PS: loading screens.
game-hours: 90.7
review: No more "NIKOOO ,lets go bowling" 10/10
game-hours: 29.3
review: Super Optimized and Great fun!
game-hours: 53.9
review: The hype was real. The hype was satisfied 11/10 would download 60GB again
game-hours: 35.6
review: Pros: Its GTA, do whatever you please Makes you feel super baller in a game Campaign story is great First person TOTALLY feels like a new game Cons: Its rockstar, always cons with rockstar.
game-hours: 26.6
review: Enjoyed this on my xBox 360, but being PC Master Race, I obviously couldn't wait to play this on my PC. Runs perfectly on my i7 920, 8gb DD3, R9 290. Great game, you'll love it.
game-hours: 30.1
review: 12/10
game-hours: 55.2
review: It's amazing. 10x better than being played on the console.
game-hours: 7.6
review: Can anybody tell me how to change language?
game-hours: 75.6
review: This is my life now.
game-hours: 38.6
review: Amazing game 10/10 would run over dirty peons again.
game-hours: 24.3
review: Best game ever 1820374987/1820374987
game-hours: 24.6
review: Havne't played too much but oh man is it just as fun as I remembered. Game runs really well and it looks gorgeous. If you haven't played it before you're really missing out on an awesome story and an awesome world na that's not even taking into account the online mode which adds so much more.
game-hours: 6.1
review: Very well optimisation ! ( BUT you have to activate vSync, unless, lot of tearing ) Great work from Rockstar Games ! About gameplay and game... GTA V !!!! BUY IT NOW !!!
game-hours: 47.6
review: my pants and tears of happiness when finally played after several try outs. 100 Franklins out of 10 Chops.
game-hours: 24.4
review: I dont do a lot of review but to be honest, BUY THIS GAME, I bought it on every consoles (Xbox 360, One) And I bought it on PC, Killed a cat, don't feel bad at all 10/10
game-hours: 15.4
review: If you have a relatively modern PC (meaning build date of at least 2008, which is usually really pushing it) then you'll run this no problem. The installation/launch errors are few and far between and if you're capable of reading and troubleshooting then it's no issue. The game runs terrificly with 100+ FPS (I prefer limiting it to 60) on my computer with a GTX 960, i5-4670K 3.4GHz, and 8GB of RAM. 100x better than the console version, thanks for the beta test peasants.
game-hours: 13.8
review: I LOVE YOU!!! ONLINE
game-hours: 72.5
review: I LOOOOVEE ITTT!!! LOOOOVEEEE ITTT! WHO NEEDS SOCIAL LIFE ANYWAY!
game-hours: 0.4
review: 8/8 M8 BEST GAEM I NEVER PLAYED
game-hours: 33.0
review: Worth waiting
game-hours: 2.1
review: roads dissapearing, game temp freezing... well i dont have a good gaming pc. If you're reading this and question your pc's capabilities, I advise you to immediately forget about buying this game (unless you're sure you can run this) Have a good day, enjoy reading the other reviews.
game-hours: 44.0
review: Goodbye, Roman! No more bowling for you! I'm crying of joy
game-hours: 67.4
review: After years as a beta tester on console.......PC version is finally here!! -9.5/10 worth the wait
game-hours: 54.3
review: OMG! SO AWESUM!
game-hours: 18.8
review: ,       !
game-hours: 34.5
review: GTAV - Master race edition.
game-hours: 26.6
review: Its GTAV ... on PC ... whit 60 FPS ... 11/10 Woud play again
game-hours: 55.9
review: yes yes yes yes
game-hours: 43.7
review: Yes.
game-hours: 10.4
review: When i load the game, it all loads fine until the launch pannel comes up. right before the game opens the launcher crashes. the game is unplayable
game-hours: 67.7
review: it aight
game-hours: 37.7
review: Awesome as always! Rockstars dont dissapoint
game-hours: 29.0
review: 8/8 m8
game-hours: 38.8
review: Best game if the year
game-hours: 52.9
review: Still takes 10 hours to load... But well worth getting PC MASTER RACE
game-hours: 49.3
review: REALLY WORTH MY CASH. The port is totally good, much better than GTAIV. Graphics are awesome, everything is awesome on this game. Just get this game already! After all the delays, Rockstar regained my happiness!
game-hours: 26.3
review: this game is perfect !! You must buy game and joy !!
game-hours: 31.1
review: Most gaming companies, especially Ubisoft and EA, should take a lesson from Rockstar on how proper optimization is done on PC games. Very well executed RS! The delays really paid off and after a very long time I feel I got my money's worth. What other company, nowadays, releases a game with such demanding graphics, which from day-one are fully optimized? Which company spends actual time to release a polished product and values its quality first and foremost, instead of following the "fast and easy money" tactic? RS took its lesson from the GTA IV clusterf@ck on release day and delivered a premium quality product. I run GTA V with everything on Ultra at a constant capped 60FPS. Finally a company that respects its customers and the Glorious PC Gaming Master Race.
game-hours: 28.6
review: It freaking GTA!
game-hours: 44.8
review: Did a finger to a bunch of gang members in groove street. The whole hood just killed me on the spot. 11/10
game-hours: 21.6
review: Chillin around, found a cat. Kick it, punch it, it died. I feel guilty. Crying till die. I die. Cat Killin Simulator 2015, 10/10.
game-hours: 75.5
review: 10/10
game-hours: 81.9
review: one of the best gta games So far :)
game-hours: 70.6
review: Played roughly 200 hours when it launched on the Xbox 360, loved it, and now it's finally back in it's definitive edition and all them console peasants be like "ay bruh thas some nice graphics u got ther" and we be like "well you know, just some normal pc master race thing, nothing special." But yeah honestly, it's impressive, and having a good pc like I do makes it even better, it runs great with everything maxed out *cough*unlike GTA IV*cough* and the time we waited to have it on PC was definitely worth it. Some people are having some hardware issues, but you know, it's pretty normal with games on day one nowadays. I'm currently experiencing some horrible mouse acceleration and FPS drops in the menu, but this will get fixed eventually. Bottom line : If you haven't played it on console yet, buy it, if you played it on the Xbox 360, buy it, if you have XBONE/PS4... well, theres no real reason to buy except for the slightly better graphics so unless you have a potato, go for it if you have the money and the power to run it at 60FPS High/Ultra.
game-hours: 16.7
review: Preordered and preloaded, didn't have any issue starting up and running the game. Plays smoothly, the controls feel right. Recommended!
game-hours: 46.3
review: Get this game with a bunch of friends, and have a blast.
game-hours: 12.3
review: Awesome Game! Very good port from Console to PC.
game-hours: 26.3
review: Log into GTA Online - Someone Places a 9000 bounty on my head- Next thing I know the entire server is after me- 10/10 Would Kill Them All Again *One Man Army*
game-hours: 34.5
review: Awsome.
game-hours: 81.1
review: Havent slept yet O_O
game-hours: 3.1
review: 3 Hours still on "Loading"
game-hours: 18.6
review: crapgame refuse to start biggest joke ever
game-hours: 63.6
review: well i downloaded the game three times on two computers and nothing works, none of my steam games will open and im done with steam and gta 5 im about to ask for my money back both computers running windows 7 64-bit
game-hours: 42.4
review: This is the funniest game ever, period.
game-hours: 45.8
review: Amazingly optimized piece of software.
game-hours: 31.9
review: Stealing Cars In GTA: *Steals a expensive car* Yess this is so epic! *Sees 1 scratch on the car*' GOD DAMMIT GABEN!
game-hours: 28.7
review: Must must must must must must must must must must BUY! Great game overall, I have had no problems starting or launching the game ever. I am not sure why some people are having problems. But if you were like me, and wanted the game but had no money, sell all your csgo skins, trust me its worth it! 10/10 gaben would approve!
game-hours: 31.7
review: Managed to get married and divorced during decoding. 11/10 WOULD PRELOAD AGAIN!
game-hours: 18.2
review: To keep it really short and simple, It was definitely worth the wait for the PC version of GTA V. It runs like a dream and looks just as nice as ir runs. PCMR FTW!
game-hours: 48.7
review: About the most fun you can get from a game and it's superb really, graphics and music keep you going all the way through and the epic missions that are by far the best.
game-hours: 72.2
review: This game is gud
game-hours: 54.1
review: Wow, GTA V...It's here, the PC master race finally gets their hands on GTA V. This game, on ANY platform, is SPECTACULAR, probably one of Rockstars best works. Here are some pros and cons of this game. I'll only be looking at the singleplayer side of the game for now, might update Online in later. PROS ~ Great NPC variety Amazing graphics and open world So many activities 3 Different playable characters Memorable characters Customisation - So much of it! A long, long story, taking me around 20 hrs, without doing side missions But, with every good game, there are the cons CONS ~ Need a reasonably good rig to run this game A few glitches here and there (Glitches will be updated later in the year) Rockstar Social has it's problems (Haven't encountered any personally) Price maybe could be a tad reduced considering this game has been out for 2 years now Keyboard controls are not the best (I tried playing with mouse and keyboard, couldn't get used to it so switched to Xbox One controller) So, all in all, in my experience, I defiantly spent my money well, and this games selling point is probably Online, so if you have any friends who play this, defiantly pick it up. If not, I'd still get it just for the experience. And remember to check if your computer can run this game, Pretty sure around 48% people didn't reach minimum requirements for this game. I give this game a 8/10.
game-hours: 39.9
review: Rockstar support is amazing, They supported me all my Items back and made me feel like a Loyal Client, Thank you Rockstar and the great Lady who supported me Keosha_M Is the best!
game-hours: 164.2
review: amazing open world with unlimited things to do : ]
game-hours: 94.9
review: Best open world, period. GTA V is absolutely fantastic and the acting is incredible. GTA Online is worth the 69.99 alone. in' work of art.
game-hours: 52.7
review: What the actual  is up with swimming underwater in this game? This is literally the first time I have ever had to look up how to swim, even as a child to teach me to swim my mother just threw me in a pool and I picked it up in about 3 seconds. Could they really have just not made WASD work like normal on the X axis then made Shift and control move you on the Y? The  did they make shift forward for?
game-hours: 9.0
review: I've never banked more hours in a video game ever. Prior to the PC release, I had invested in both the 360 and Xbox One versions and have well over 1,200 hours spread across both platforms. The only negative thus far in this release has been how hard it pushes some PCs. However, this should get fixed, and don't let those negative reviews sway you!
game-hours: 39.2
review: Bought it Downloaded 50% Realised I have a laptop Regrets everything Downloads 100% Plays Chanes graphics to 768p Goes complete  Changes to 1080P Runs smooth AF 100% worth it
game-hours: 111.7
review: This is a musthave for any gamer by all means. the game has one outstanding storyline along with it's comedy. the multiplayer is even fantastic and full of a large number of things to do with your friends. this is one of the best games of 2015.
game-hours: 88.2
review: so much better than console i mean its not withoutt its bugs but im having a blast online with my gaming community as well as single player in first person
game-hours: 40.7
review: Summary: -Game is good fun and in greater quality than ever seen before in a GTA game. - Steering wheel and flight stick is not supported though which is a shame. - people got problems making their laptop gpu running the game. GTA is GTA, you run around blow up stuff, doing missions, climbing the ranks and making cash. The game has got crazy characters and during the game you get to play as different characters with different lives. despite this during game they will meet and work together to achieve their goals. When you arent doing missions, there is also tons of activities you can do. My overall impression is that GTA 5 is just a little bit different in terms of features, compared to GTA 5, but it still feels way more fun and overall higher quality.
game-hours: 72.4
review: It is quiet amazing that this game runs so smoothly considering its level of detail and beautiful graphics. All developers need to take a lesson from rockstar. This is gaming at it's finest.
game-hours: 26.3
review: Seriusly.What can I say about Grand Theft Auto ? You guys know better than me.I can say,better than others Do not forget uptade your drivers.
game-hours: 26.3
review: Seriusly.What can I say about Grand Theft Auto ? You guys know better than me.I can say,better than others Do not forget uptade your drivers.
game-hours: 13.7
review: it's okay.
game-hours: 31.8
review: I have just started playing this game and OMFG! There are just no words to do justice for this game, mindblowing! Gobsmacked each freaking second i am playing this game. The details are beyond anything i have seen in the GTA series or any game for that matter, an amazing improvement. Tuning the game to your likings with a ton of options makes it run perfectly on a great many systems. The game is beyond real, what can i say? 200/100 points This Q has had his jaw dropping on the floor every turn he makes. The game starts with a bang and continues on to become even more amazing each mission you take on... When you first break into that crib and see the details they put into creating the environment of the house, you go OMG!! The suspense of actually walking in that awesome house with a near real family inside it and stealing that car, noticing that you got a passenger in the backseat that holds a gun to your head while driving the car to that crooked shop... WTF!? The game takes you on this unbelievable ride, you would swear you are playing in a movie. Seriously, this is beyond anything i have seen before! This game breathes atmospherics. You have to experiance it to believe it, but it is truly out there! Rockstar games? Godlike!! Now excuse me while i play some more of what has to be the best GTA game ever...
game-hours: 19.1
review: Getting this game to launch was a ! Waited 3 days for a patch! then the game works! The gameplay is still awesome though! 4/5 because of the Launch Errors and Crashes!
game-hours: 14.7
review: This game is great! Pros: Great Visuals First Person Really nice shooting mechanics Cons: Quite  flying controls (Heli/Plane) People walk up to you and shoot you in Online (Community Problem) 60 Gigabytes.
game-hours: 107.7
review: its simple, The best Game =)
game-hours: 18.5
review: The graphics are amazing, the game play is amazing but the only problem is... Grand Theft Loading V!
game-hours: 33.7
review: Very good game,graphic is very good
game-hours: 67.8
review: BEST GAME EVER !
game-hours: 47.3
review: Friendly for normal PC 10/10 Online servers so bad, Loading too long, stuck at loading screen. IF YOU WANT BETTER ONLINE TRY PSN OR XBOX LIVE SERVERS, NOT PC SERVERS!
game-hours: 67.8
review: BEST GAME EVER !
game-hours: 47.3
review: Friendly for normal PC 10/10 Online servers so bad, Loading too long, stuck at loading screen. IF YOU WANT BETTER ONLINE TRY PSN OR XBOX LIVE SERVERS, NOT PC SERVERS!
game-hours: 37.4
review: walk up in the strip club find the tranny with the biggest bazingas get a private show moan through your mic to make the tranny love you ignore other players demeaning comments this is gta v
game-hours: 15.9
review: I put 100 hours into this on PS3, plus another 15 on PS4 and this feels like I'm really playing it for the first time. If you've never played it before you need to drop what you're doing and play this immediately. If you've played it before and you have a PC that's powerful enough to run it at 60fps, go for it. Just know that content-wise, with the exception of the Rockstar Editor suite, this is identical to the previous versions.
game-hours: 40.6
review: I've just played about 3 hours now on pc and played a lot more on ps3 and I can totally recommend this game to anyone ! Everyone has to experience this masterpiece. On pc graphics are amazing as well as the optimization, rockstar didn't forget us pc guys this time !! EDIT: It seems that a lot of people can't run the game yet, so right now it would be smarter to wait and see if the problems with the game that people have are fixed and only then buy it. P.S let's take a moment of silents to our pc brothers and sister who can't play it yet because of admin accounts problem and other stuff. They have waited so long and still can't play it. Please rockstar fix. (let's hope I'll edit this after they have fixed that)
game-hours: 25.8
review: The greatest port in the history of ports. Really fun game, solid story telling, and really great online.
game-hours: 54.7
review: Illuminati confirmed! 11/10
game-hours: 26.3
review: rockstar games > the others
game-hours: 15.9
review: I thought the cat was dead. I stepped on him.... now he's dead. Dead Cat / Dead Cat
game-hours: 20.9
review: still not working at all
game-hours: 10.5
review: So worth the wait. This game does not feel like a port at all. It appears to be very well optimized and runs maxed out 40-60 FPS on my R9 290 + 4ghz 1100T @ 1920x1080. With some basic keybinding adjustments and a multi button mouse, the game feels like its made for KB/Mouse. I never played it on console and am only a couple/few missions in but it plays sooooooooo smoothly and the characters and dialogue so far are absolutely hilarious. Music, cars, controls, everything is awesome. Everything you could want out of a GTA game + so much more. Buy it, that's all that needs to be said.
game-hours: 18.4
review: Couldn't wait for this to come on and now that its out I can say it is worth it. Running the game on maxed settings is bliss and the controls for the mouse and keyboard are league better than using a controller. Even though I have played GTA 5 across 2 generations of consoles and clocked over 200 hours on it i can say without a doubt that the PC is the true version. Rockstar have made an amazing port to the PC. Went straight into online with no problems and a full game straight away. Cant wait to play it more and with friends when they have downloaded it.
game-hours: 53.5
review: Once upon a time in a realm called "the internet", not so far away yet so secluded, there was a mad king. And the mad king used to be a peasant. That is why he's been discriminating any other monarchs and lords who called themselves "the masterrace". It's been a while and, after a lot of pressure, the king announced equality amongst ALL his people. All the peasants who laughed at the masterrace shook in fear, hearing that the already superior lords would get the only thing that made them unique. But it was only a tease, the masterrace, prepearing for a feast got destroyed economically by the king, who tricked them into paying for equality, but denied them the service afterwards. The masterrace, in it's glory, wasn't fased though, they survived the backstab and continued on living, waiting for the promised, sweet, equality to happen. And then after years of anticipation, the mad old king once again promised equality. This time it seemed more reasonable and the mad king even offered a reward for every lord that would support the king's campaign into achieving equality. And so it happened, thousands upon thousands of members of the masterrace payed the king. Yet the king, who managed to decieve the lords, postponed equality once again. The masterrace, now furious, felt exploited, like a cheap . Every lord in "the steaming lands of a star made out of rock" prepared for a riot. And after months of preparation, days before the attack, there it was again. The ultimate tease, equality right beneath the masterrace's palm, like eve's forbidden fruit. So tempting that riots were called to stop because of the hypnotizing countdown. And there it was. The peasants fear, the masterrace's glory. The edict. The only thing that could make countries go to war and declare peace. GTA V, the declaration of equality. The mad's kind fetish that used to be a way to play around with lords like lab mice. Equality ... to be honest though,  console peasants, pc masterrace for the win!
game-hours: 50.6
review: XBOX 360,PS 3/Alpha XBOX ONE,PS 4/Beta PC/FULL It's all what do you need know about GTA series
game-hours: 62.4
review: It's GTA V. Also a good port light on DRM compared to GTA IV.
game-hours: 57.7
review: Rockstar more than made up for GTA IV with this awesome port. Everything works exactly as expected, and I have a stable 60 fps with a GTX 970 on very high! Awesome!
game-hours: 62.7
review: Very much recommended if you want a non-stop fun time for PC. After a year and a half of console privledge, it has come to the PC! If you don't know about this game by now, you've probably been living under a rock.
game-hours: 74.8
review: Short and sweet review. Answers to questions you may have: -Yes, you can transfer a character from another console onto GTA V PC. You will even have the option to change the character's appearance with a slightly more in-depth creator -The graphics are stellar and there are a ton of options you can tinker with -Gamepads are fully supported -Loading times are drastically shorter compared to consoles -GTA Online achievements and progression carries over with your character as well, but NOT campaign progression Unbelievably, contrary to most games that are newly released, there were no issues with online multiplayer that I found. Played with my friend, it was smooth as silk. The game runs like a dream, and I haven't hit any major glitches or bugs that broke the game. This is an excellent port of an excellent game. Well worth the wait
game-hours: 56.4
review: perfection
game-hours: 57.6
review: Works incredibly well, both for offline and online.
game-hours: 67.0
review: 10/10 RIP ORIGIN
game-hours: 33.7
review: It was 60 dollars for a 60 GB game, the way I see it 1 dollar per GB is pretty good for the fun i am getting out of this
game-hours: 73.0
review: I LOOOOVEE ITTT!!! LOOOOVEEEE ITTT! WHO NEEDS SOCIAL LIFE ANYWAY!
game-hours: 0.4
review: 8/8 M8 BEST GAEM I NEVER PLAYED
game-hours: 49.2
review: Bye every other game in my library, see you next year!
game-hours: 43.7
review: Yes.
game-hours: 34.4
review: Initial impressions of the port after a few hours gameplay. I have an i7 4770 and GTX 780. I have almost everything maxed at Ultra or Very High apart from Nvidia Shadows and High Definition Shadows. The game runs between 40fps at it's occasional lowest and 80 fps at its highest. It levels most of the time at around 50-60fps. Considering the leaps and bounds in graphic fidelity compared to even the current gen versions on consoles which ran at 30fps, I am very happy with how the game performs. As for the quality of the game, well the 4 hours I've played so far seem very good and is a promising start. I've seen some having issues with Social Club login which they need to fix and for some reason Steam overlay hides a crucial button during activation in Social Club which makes no sense but apart from that I had zero issues and logs in all the time before the first splash screen appears for me. Update 12 hours in: Frame rates take a massive nose dive once reaching the country and moving from the city. Turning the Grass to Very High from Ultra can claw some frames back but I'm willing to play with the sub 30fps due to how nice it all looks. The game is still great and the mission variety has begun to open up now, including my first raid which was brilliant, made difficult by the fact I took an inexperienced hacker who alerted the cops before I was done. So far my favourite GTA since Vice City.
game-hours: 31.9
review: GTA - V, Good game for those who like open-free roaming sandbox games, however do NOT trust all the reviews saying this game is bug free. At first (I mostly play online) there were no bugs AT ALL until I hit level 8. Then it started as you can see in the list below: - Upon death camera would freeze on the death screen preventing you from seeing where you were going after you respawn. - Heist sequencing bugs out and cutscenes play in the wrong order. - Random disconnections due to an unknown error on the server. - Game CRASHES due to Rockstar games social club errors. Pros: - Open gameplay and TONS of activities to do. - Lots of ingame content. - Game looks beautiful and runs smoothly (well optimised). - Controles are good, however flight might take abit of getting used to. Cons: - Game can feel like a grind to unlock more stuff and earn money. - After you complete all the activities a few times the game can feel boring. - Initial loading takes a LONG time, I've had to sit and wait for the game to load for about 1-2 mins (and that is with an I7-4790k, 16GB RAM at 1600mhz and a GTX 780 TI 3GB). - Ingame loading takes a long time, about 30 secs to 1 min. - People will randomly leave your server in mass waves, leaving you on your own. - Transition from loading to playing is cool at first, but the entire thing takes up 5-10 seconds and becomes monotonous after awhile. MY recommendation: If you enjoyed previous GTA's then I would recommend you wait till around May-June 2015 to buy this game so that most of the bugs are fixed. If you did not enjoy previous GTA's so much then I would recommend that you wait for the game to go on sale.
game-hours: 39.4
review: A game that will no doubt provide incredibly memorable experiences from Trying for an hour to get a sailboat over a bridge with a cargo bob to get it out of a lake only to find there's a second bridge down the line, to going through Hell to steal a motorcycle from the Lost but then finding out you can't keep their version of that motorcylce, to spending hours driving back and forth to get a car you want to spawn then seeing it all the damn time after you finally have it. Despite the uncountable moments of blind rage this game has given me, it's truly an amazing game with something to offer for everyone, so get it dammit!
game-hours: 29.5
review: I'm running this game on an ASUS G751 laptop with a 970m with a mix of very high/high settings and it looks and runs great! For me, at the time of this review, windows borderless does seem to cause jitter so keep that in mind if you want to use that setting.
game-hours: 26.0
review: The worth was more than the wait. ^^
game-hours: 23.0
review: I can only wish that people would have tried to fix their problems before leaving bad reviews... The fact is, GTA V is, perhaps, one of the greatest modern games to come to the PC. The defining next-gen title, if you ask me. But it's prestige and merit has been drowned by individuals leaving negative reviews because of the game's rough start, which is why I come out of the woodworks to leave this review. The fact is, since I played this game on Xbox 360, I was captivated by the plot. Something so masterful and elegant had never been seen before in the video gaming world at the time, and even at the game's release on the PC nearly two years later, it remains amongst the top tier titles. This game runs wonderfully on hardware that it normally wouldn't be able. This is because Rockstar has pulled off an incredible feat and showed the rest of the gaming world what a PC port SHOULD look like. People insult Rockstar and say that they don't care, yet they have delivered a beacon of hope to those of us who have been observing a disappointing lack of care on behalf of developers when it comes to moving games from consoles to PCs. This game is a must have. The plot, the gameplay, the dialogue, the online mode - it's all blissful. This is one that will continue to get hours from me for a long time into the future, just like Red Dead Redemption did, and all other past GTA games. If you're having a problem with the game, I guarantee you that there is a solution out there. Look before you leave a negative review! Be thankful, PC gamers, because we have received something of exceeding rare quality - a game that plays and feels like it was built just for PC in spite of being a port from the consoles.
game-hours: 77.2
review: Fun, Optimized, Brilliant when you will be able to connect to friends 100% of the time
game-hours: 3.1
review: 10 / 10 never have to bowl with roman again -IGN
game-hours: 58.3
review: I have been playing it since it came out on PS3 and have pretty good experince... 10/10 would waste my time again.
game-hours: 52.7
review: Best Game 2015
game-hours: 14.2
review: it is buggy as hell wait a month to buy it when the bugs are fixed but still a nice game
game-hours: 12.8
review: 3rd time I bought it, was it worth as much as I've shelled out? I guess If you havent played it I highly recommend it and if you have played it I highly recommend it.
game-hours: 30.4
review: Finally got this game and I was not dissapointed!Rockstar always takes open world sandbox games to the next level and I was just blown away by this game:)
game-hours: 30.9
review: Thank you to the Xbox and Playstation gamers for Beta testing GTA V. After 2 years of the Beta the full game has been realesed
game-hours: 57.0
review: I've waited over a year for this......bought this 3 times.....360 ps4 and PC......worth it.
game-hours: 66.5
review: 10/10
game-hours: 45.8
review: Only bought it so I can see the all-new advanced yoga ball
game-hours: 9.2
review: good stuff. 100+ fps
game-hours: 73.7
review: The dogs are nice (   )/(   )
game-hours: 79.5
review: absolutely mind blowing and beautiful ... Best Game ever..
game-hours: 25.7
review: I have had no issues at all! Runs way better than it should be!
game-hours: 47.0
review: Murdered my first hooker and took a classy photo of her bleeding on the pavement. 11/10 I will kill again.
game-hours: 66.6
review: owh yeah,this game make me play a whole day 10/10
game-hours: 12.4
review: very very fun game got it on ps3 ps4 and pc
game-hours: 45.6
review: It's just amazing. It got delayed a few times but it's great.
game-hours: 32.1
review: Finally..
game-hours: 30.8
review: yes, there are launch issues yes, there are settings issues yes, there are bugs and a lot of crashes IT'S THE PC LAUNCH DAY OF GTA V give it a week and RockStar will completely fix everything best GTA to date, no doubt, graphics look amazing even on lowest settings and everything runs perfectly for me there go my GCSEs
game-hours: 32.2
review: They did a realy great job with the optimization. I get 45-60 fps with my GTX780 with everything very high at 1080p FXAA. However quite a lot of people having issues launching the game especially if you have laptop with optimus. Better wait till Rockstar fixes it.
game-hours: 4.8
review: Waited for the PC version for eighteen months - only played the intro but the game is gorgeous on max settings and runs very smoothly. Disregarding the 60 GB download, I don't get the technical issues people are having. Stop using toasters and ridiculous Windows user names.
game-hours: 30.9
review: The wait is over... GTA V is the game ive been waiting for the most and is possibly the best game ive played in a long long long time Few errors When ALT+Tab game crashes or wont load back up when ALT+Tab again Random FPS drops in certain areas this is probabbly my PC Pros Graphics are INSANE The Gameplay is INSANE The story is INSANE Everything is INSANE Yes i have played this on diffrent consoles before PC these pc players aint loyal 69/69 Would play Fat women with RPG again.
game-hours: 26.6
review: Its GTA Fool.... 10/10
game-hours: 100.8
review: This is in' greasy.
game-hours: 51.1
review: Rammed jet into a skyscraper. 9/11 would attempt again.
game-hours: 91.9
review: GTA I - II and V. These are have PC versions. Others have console ports. Thank you Rockstar, for made a GTA game for PC.
game-hours: 50.3
review: 'Knock Knock Nig ga!' 'Ah ni gga sup?' 'Why do you like GTA V ni gga?' 'Cause your bit ch as s's in there NIG GA'
game-hours: 19.9
review: Maxed out @ 2560x1080 with GTX 780Ti PC Port done properly. Worth the wait.
game-hours: 48.7
review: Got ran over by a firetruck on rodeo drive 10/10
game-hours: 81.3
review: GTAV.exe is awesome and show Rockstar's promises to us, very well optimization, but this game took cpu and memory resources a lot. GTAVlauncher.exe in normal RGSC version is fine, every pc can launch it up. BUT GTAVlauncher.exe in steam version is a crap, laptop with NVIDIA optmus or ATI GPU has tons of issues in it... so... I still give yes, because NVIDIA optimus still get a way to play this game and enjoy it... but to be honest what's ruin this game's pc version is not the game, is the launcher... what a shame...
game-hours: 55.2
review: Best Game In The World :)
game-hours: 58.4
review: Review delayed until August 14th.
game-hours: 46.7
review: Why are you reading reviews and not playing this?
game-hours: 13.9
review: LAUNCHER PROBLEM - SOLVED! I had problem with launcher (crash just after log in to social) Ive just reinstal my win7 and left much more space for instalation (90GB before, 300 GB now)Now game working perfectly! The problem was I think that before when I left 90 GB for instalation I just forget that GTAV Instal will weigh 60GB but complytly I did not think that game after downloads must unpack and instal and download another paches when Ive seen few erroers and monits about "no enough Space on Your Disc" so I think you have to leave minimum 130 GBor even more. After Instalation game weigh 60 GB . Enjoy !!! Dla wszystkich ktrzy maj problem z Launcherem ktry wywala do windy,zaraz po zalogowaniu do social club, crashowa itp, itd , mi pomoga reinstalacja systemu i ponowne zassanie gry z ta tylko rnica e zrobiem zamiast 90 GB wolnego miejsca na dysku a 300 bo podczas instalacji wyskakiway mi bedy o braku miejsca na dysku itd. Gra teraz chodzi a mio. pzdr.
game-hours: 58.0
review: Just Perfect in every way! 10/10
game-hours: 90.9
review: I started building a new PC back in 2012. It was for this game. I had previously had a nVidia 9800GT 1GB card that had lasted me for ages...but I couldn't play GTA4 on max graphics. :( THe new computer was going to be buily exclusively to play GTA 5 on ultra settings and anything else for that matter...but that was also a long time ago. Its funny how 3 years later, 2 generations of Intel Processors, 2 generations of Video cards, ultraHD/4K resolution monitors and DDR4 memory to name a few have come out since 2012 yet my X79 i7 3930K OC 4.2@GHz TITAN SLIx2 16GB ram setup was built. I can proudly announce that I can max it out on 2560x1440 and even tho it cant hold a constant 60 FPS...Its awesome beyond belief. There is nothing more beautiful than the sun glaring through early morning city fog, with the silloutes of trees flickering in your eye as your looking for somewhere open at 6am to hold up! The only thing I dislike about it would be that...ummm...naah I got nothin, other than the fact it had a few issues with the benchmark which has been quickly resolved by Rockstar...this games perfect! Ill conclude that YES I would recommend this game, hell, I'd glady annoy the  out of my mates to get it if I so have to do so haha.
game-hours: 19.1
review: gud game
game-hours: 13.1
review: 60 FPS GTA is so much better than 30 FPS console. Single player is fun and online is even better. Joining sessions doesn't take 5 minutes like console. Windowed fullscreen is buggy for FPS so have to play on fullscreen to ghet max settings for my rig.
game-hours: 53.0
review: Successful launch is successful! What are you still waiting for! BUY THIS GAME!
game-hours: 52.7
review: GTA V is a game that we have waited two years for to be ported and was it worth it? I can tell you hell yes with the additional graphics improvements made to the game along with the 60 frames the game feels a lot more smoother and richer visually essentially they have taken their time with this port and if you was to ask me would I buy it again I would say yes, yes and yes. Along with the improvements being made to the games visuals we also have the online where 30 players can be on the same server including two spectators. You will also be able to import your character from the previous versions of GTA rather "Inferior" versions of GTA into the PC port. Personally with the time I have spent on it so far it feels and looks like a different game with me having played the 360, Xbox One and now PC versions of the game. and if you are contemplating on whether you should get this game then I would strongly recommend that you do as you will not regret it at all. Finally in terms of hardware requirements I feel that Rockstar have done what most publishers haven't. They have considered everyone who cannot afford a high end system and with that in mind their minimum specifications are not very demanding the only demanding aspect of this game will be its 4K resolutions. And the game is generally one of the best ports that I have ever played on PC.
game-hours: 33.3
review: GTA V is finally on the pc and many people are loving it. and so am i, if you bearly meet the requirements for this game, its going to lag at some points of the game, esspically in first person mode, if your driving super high speed, most likely your going to hit a texture popped tree that you didnt see 10 feet away until the last second. this reminds me of the good ol days in gta iv. now i dont need to say much on how great this game is because everyone already knows. the only problem i have with it is the fact i cant connect to online mode for some reason, could be a day one glitch or the servers coughing a lung, but hopefully they have it fixed soon, after all, its the main reason why i got gta v
game-hours: 19.2
review: Excellent port! After GTA IV, I was concerned this port would be rubbish as well. So far, gameplay has been buttery smooth with no hiccups. I get 60 fps with little to no drops at high settings at 2560x1080. Loading times to get into game are loooong, but with an SSD that time would probably be decreased. I haven't had any issues at all logging onto GTA online at all. My specs for reference: i5-4690k @ 4.4GHz, 2x GTX 770s @ 1200 MHz, 16GB RAM, Windows 8.1 Pro, and game is running off of WD Black 7200 RPM HDD.
game-hours: 6.1
review: Very well optimisation ! ( BUT you have to activate vSync, unless, lot of tearing ) Great work from Rockstar Games ! About gameplay and game... GTA V !!!! BUY IT NOW !!!
game-hours: 64.2
review: "Suspect is traveling at 50 mph.... in a.. blimp..." 11/10
game-hours: 24.3
review: Best game ever 1820374987/1820374987
game-hours: 24.6
review: Havne't played too much but oh man is it just as fun as I remembered. Game runs really well and it looks gorgeous. If you haven't played it before you're really missing out on an awesome story and an awesome world na that's not even taking into account the online mode which adds so much more.
game-hours: 111.9
review: Rockstar really hit the mark with this release. We all know it's a good game from the previous releases but the performance and optomization are excellent from the PC release. Game runs like butter with every setting maxed on a 770 4Gb. That's pretty damn impressive for a game that looks this good. What surprised me more is that Online worked (nearly) flawlessly from the moment of release. As soon as the game onlocked myself and 6 friends jumped on and played for several hours with zero connectivety problems. There was an issue of traffic spawning inside of eachother and making the game lag a little bit it was minor and we only encountered it a few times. 9/10 release. Would recommend.
game-hours: 24.7
review: Its basically a corporate conglomeration of sub-transient particles that reconsider their constituents in a particular manner
game-hours: 40.7
review: all we had to do was follow the damn boat franklin
game-hours: 11.6
review: 2 years, 3 delays, one day downloading, 1 hour decripting.. but you know that was all worth it when you steal your first car in only 5 minutes. 10/10 GOTYGOTY inbound. Would scream to the world "GTA V CONSOLE PEASANTS" again.
game-hours: 13.8
review: Disabled passive mode because i was bored of ghosting around. 10 seconds later got my car blown up. 10/10 Best Community ever!
game-hours: 23.9
review: epic game
game-hours: 35.7
review: Killed a cat by falling on it 10/10
game-hours: 126.3
review: almost perfect still has small bugs
game-hours: 46.0
review: I've only played this game 10 hrs and ill tell you what, the fluctuations in my lower region are ever increasing for this game. I'm like chop with his bone. "Like skyrim with hillbillys" 10/10 IGN
game-hours: 25.3
review: Really impressed, flawless graphics and optimization!
game-hours: 39.6
review: GTA V WHY DID YOU COME OUT EXACTLY WHEN I HAVE EXAMS NOW EVERY WEEK
game-hours: 41.8
review: 98/100 Great pc optimization. Stunning graphics. No need end level graphic cards. also with gtx970 in 2560x1440 60+fps at full options.
game-hours: 16.4
review: I don't know if I can run ultra, but fantastic looking game on high. The game is smooth, looks great and is a huge improvement from the consoles. Good buy, you wont regret it!
game-hours: 27.0
review: it runs maxed on my laptop, im sold
game-hours: 46.3
review: spine stomped a body builder to death and the rest fled like french people good game
game-hours: 35.6
review: One of the cleanest PC ports I've seen in a while. Gotta love that 60fps.
game-hours: 84.1
review: Best non-real life simulator ever!
game-hours: 53.3
review: Great game, the more people the better. Hopefully, rockstar will patch the game regularly and continue to improve on the performance so that i stop seeing dips in frame rates.
game-hours: 16.7
review: One of the greates games ever made. Played it for the first time today. 10/10!
game-hours: 39.4
review: A game that will no doubt provide incredibly memorable experiences from Trying for an hour to get a sailboat over a bridge with a cargo bob to get it out of a lake only to find there's a second bridge down the line, to going through Hell to steal a motorcycle from the Lost but then finding out you can't keep their version of that motorcylce, to spending hours driving back and forth to get a car you want to spawn then seeing it all the damn time after you finally have it. Despite the uncountable moments of blind rage this game has given me, it's truly an amazing game with something to offer for everyone, so get it dammit!
game-hours: 29.5
review: I'm running this game on an ASUS G751 laptop with a 970m with a mix of very high/high settings and it looks and runs great! For me, at the time of this review, windows borderless does seem to cause jitter so keep that in mind if you want to use that setting.
game-hours: 68.1
review: One of the best ports. Initially I had some freeze-up issues that were fixed with a simple restart. Ever since then, it's been running like a dream at high-very high settings. Specs AMD FX6350 (About what you need to have an enjoyable experience) nVidia GTX 660 (Runs everything at 30-60 FPS at 1920 with AA off) 8gb 1600mhz RAM (If the game starts to get choppy, clear your RAM/restart computer) 7200 RPM HDD (The game uses some streaming data so make sure its on a decent hard drive ie not an external one) 10/10 Port. Not only does it run well, they gave us many features from the start that the peasents didn't get. Also, the first person mode is awesome, I was very surprised at this. 7/10 Story. Trevor knocks off three points.  killed Jonny 10/10 Gameplay. Gunplay is somewhere between Max Payne 3 and GTA IV. Lots of extra things to do. Driving feels better than IV. 9/10 Game.
game-hours: 25.6
review: yes but it crashes too much
game-hours: 25.4
review: looks good. i dont thinck their is anything wrong,
game-hours: 35.2
review: I actually wrote this review 2 years ago, but after multiple delays i have been able to release it. 10/10 would wait another 2 years again
game-hours: 47.6
review: Worth every second of wait entailed, the polish and performance is mind boggling
game-hours: 40.4
review: Now that I have my GTA 5 on PC with realer than real-world graphics, I can go to a strip club instead of subscribing to Porn Hub for HD pornography. 69/69
game-hours: 66.7
review: 10/10 lots of fun
game-hours: 3.6
review: Definetly much better then Watch_Dogs. This atmosphere of 90-s aka Max Payne with snow and old police cars in the pro-logue made me to decide that this game is going to be exciting. Already recommending as it's a very interesting title
game-hours: 82.5
review: All these negative reviews are people complaining that they can't run the highest settings on their laptop or some  with social club. Man it really doesn't take a genius to figure either of these things out. It runs fine on my computer. Social club works fine. It's a huge open world so I didn't expect to be able to handle the absolute highest settings but the game still looks phenomenal without them. And it's the most fun I've in a GTA game to this day. My only complaint is the first person FOV but someone's already made a mod for that.
game-hours: 56.9
review: This game is very fun, I really cannot be asked to come up with more because I'd need an eternity.
game-hours: 75.7
review: I tried to move over to a wall on the building to climb over, but instead I turned and leapt off the roof. 10/10, would learn control system again
game-hours: 121.6
review: Went into first person and looked down. Better boobs than my own. :-(
game-hours: 37.8
review: worth the weight
game-hours: 28.0
review: It works well. It looks well. It plays well. Would reccomend.
game-hours: 107.0
review: GTX 760 almost running on max with 60 fps+ Game is so smooth and no crashing at all. unlike gta 4 my computer is not blowing up. strippers in HD, Found a Vacca somehow, then lost it cuz mission killed someone and took a snapshot then sent it to him. 10/10
game-hours: 5.9
review: First PC Impression : The game is solid it's great I wish i had a better computer to experience online and everything else but other then that it runs as expected but even better :D
game-hours: 14.4
review: Aside from the mouse sensitivity being tied to the framerate (makes the 1st person view seem awkward and unnatural), which I assume will eventually be patched, it is a really solid "port." I experienced no issues whatsoever getting the game to launch or run, and despite my low playing time as of this writing (~5 hours), no crashes. i7-4790k @ 4 GHz/GTX 970 on very high settings / high shadows / no MSAA gets me ~70-90 FPS @ 1080p with occasional dips into the 50s during high intensity action. Online character transfer from PS3 worked on launch day except I had to go to the barber and change my eyebrows and remove lipstick; and I retained my vehicles as well. The Bad: 100% SP progress did not transfer :-/
game-hours: 34.7
review: So worth the wait, the game is really great!
game-hours: 35.8
review: It's GTA 5 on PC. 60 Glorious frames per second.
game-hours: 33.2
review: Awesome Game, Worth the 2 yr wait.
game-hours: 67.8
review: A fairly good port for a fantastic game. First of all, I know everyone in the 'Master Race' with a  PC is going to thumb this down because it didn't work on their rig. Congratulations, R* will give even less of a damn and will either not port their game to PC or do a terrible job. This port is actually decent, it just needs some more polish. Port wise there's alot of graphics options to tweak and balance out. Sadly there still needs to be some more work done here as shadows, MSAA and grass totally kill performance. Grass on High is fields of lush green grass, grass on normal is the same as grass being turned off... Really? No middle ground? PC controls work well enough, controller works better as is to be expected of a 3rd person game from console. A fix that is needed is in MP when you press T and type in chat, the keys still do player actions....such as JUMPING OUT OF A PLANE! So type "well done guys, great effort" while flying a plane has you jump out and fail the mission.... bravo. GTA Online is much more stable than the Last Gen and Current Gen console releases. Yes, there's lag. This isn't TF2 on dedicated servers, think of it like an MMO. CONCLUSION. Fairly competent port, lots of effort was put into it. A really fantastic game, truly an epic and one of the best for it's generation. But thumb down anyway if the game didn't work for you and you haven't even played more than an hour.
game-hours: 30.8
review: So far, its amazing, there has only been one bug fix update and I am waiting on some more to come out before I give my final opinion. I am currently experiencing big frame drops about every 20 seconds and it gets worse as I play. Oh crap, the game just crashed, thats also something to remember. Anyways, the game is still GTA V but with better graphics and new PC only tools. I do reccomend this game as updates are coming soon to fix the bugs, one at a time.
game-hours: 54.9
review: Definetly the best GTA!!!! It is like the enhanced and High Definition version of San Andreas. Lots of things to do, excellent story mode, excellent characters.... Awesome game!!!! A Must Have!!!!!
game-hours: 47.1
review: It's an amazing game, and there is no questioning that, rockstar has managed to both build up and cut off bits of the old crappy GTAIV and got into this game an amount of vehicles that would put to shame games that focus ONLY ON CARS, they have an amazingly detailed world to the point where I don't think we will be able to meet again untill the next GTA game, it doesn't matter how hard you look for things that miss in this game, from the amazingly live feeling city, to people randomly picking the phone out of their pockets, to getting it back in their pockets and getting a cig out, to dropping the cig and stepping on it, AND THE CIG WILL STAY ON THE GROUND and even to big trucks having time tables for the delivery they were supposed to make before you shot the driver in the face and stole his truck you monster. Anyway, this game is AMAZING and you should totally get it, if you bought one of it's 4 other releases I would reccomend waiting for it to get to $40 before buying.
game-hours: 55.0
review: Why do you even read this? Just buy it.
game-hours: 46.7
review: very gud : ^)
game-hours: 43.6
review: Loading simulator
game-hours: 10.8
review: gta4    .            . ,  . 8   . Grand Theft Auto V
game-hours: 41.5
review: I played the game for a wile got tired took a nap with the game running. I woke up to a gunfight in the front yard 10/10 would nap again.
game-hours: 39.1
review: 100x better than console versions. Excellent game, can't stop playing. On the PS4 and PS3 I played an hour then got bored, but with the PC version there's so much more things to do and see, and everything just looks amazing. The Rockstar Editor is great, except it exports the videos as a .VID file, which nothing I download or use seems to play/recognize. I tried QuickTime, VLC, Windows Media Player, and a few more. 9/10
game-hours: 43.8
review: After prelaoding it and letting it unpack went to sleep. Woke up a an hout early so that I could try out the game and not have a hectic morning before leaving for work................5 hrs later me thinking  work lets keep playing. Did not go to work for 2 days and put in about 20 hrs during those 2 days 2015/10 will skip work again and to be really honest this is the first GTA I have played and it absolutely held my attention from the first moment I launched the game its that good. Did not have any launch problems and got a sold 60 fps nealry all the time. It shows the amount of time they have put into the port with all the plethora of options available to the PC gamers.Not a single crash occurred during the 43 hours of gameplay between me and my roommate (yes we are pretty cheap and share a single copy of the game xD ).And to all the detractors out there you need to understand that when a million copies are sold not all will work on day one and atleast 20 percent of the purchaser base wont be able to play it. Buy this game its an absolute delight you wont regret it a single bit and it will also show that PC ports can be an absolute delight if done right (yes im talking to you ubisoft you suck and someone should wipe you out of the face of this earth) Anyways to conclude BUY THIS U WONT REGRET IT
game-hours: 47.4
review: If you don't have this game yet, I feel bad for you. It's so much fun, I can't even put it into words. I mean, sure, it does crash every once in a while, but that'll hopefully be patched soon. Then again, it is really rare and it's barely a problem. Again, if you don't have this game yet, you are missing out on a lot. BUY THIS GAME.
game-hours: 19.9
review: Soooo much attention to detail. Truly beautiful. They went well above and beyond. Complaints: Controls while swimming and flying don't work or work strangely. Can't figure out if its my mechanical keyboard or just... i dont know but its odd. Complaint #2. Completely freezes randomly forcing restart. CTRL+ALT+Del brings up nothing. ALT+TAB, nothing, CTRL+SHIFT+ESC, nothing. Attempted Win+R "Taskkill /f /im GTA5.exe" with no luck (might be a typo on my end) Supposedly due to GTX 970's issue with 3.5gb memory. With all that being said still 10/10.
game-hours: 15.2
review: In-game newscaster blame video game for violence on the rise. 10/10 would hear again.
game-hours: 80.4
review: As for the main game, not much to say other than it's pretty damn good. Personally, on Online, I'd say it's more of a 'meh', implying you don't have alarge group of friends willing to play with you whenever, however I do enjoy seeing other people's reactions to the spazzing garage door on The Fleeca Hiest.Also when it comes to upgrading your personal vehicles, I don't enjoy the fact that you *have* to win X amount of races in first place to unlock anything that actually upgrades the car and itsn't purely cosmetic, not so great if you're like me and not good at racing against other people, to put it more simply, I have my money, let me use it. 8/10
game-hours: 26.4
review: I had the volume turned up on my speakers when Chop started barking, needless to say I think my dog made a new friend. 11/10
game-hours: 20.9
review: the best game ever !!!
game-hours: 53.1
review: Runs great, looks great, plays great. What's not to love about it?
game-hours: 26.0
review: Thank you Console Peasants for beta testing Gta 5 for us. Amazing on pc, 60 fps makes this way better then console and actually playable. Rockstar did a amazing job optimizing this game for PC and they learned a lesson from GTA IV port for pc that was HORRIABLE.
game-hours: 24.0
review: gta 5 is an amazing game we should all know this.but the real question is if its a good port(its not realy a port but still)the answer is yes aside from a few bugs i have ran in to like the humorous line glitch for characters online to frustrating glitch were i freeze durring heists but all my concerns can be patched out so i would recommend :)
game-hours: 51.6
review: 10/10
game-hours: 52.0
review: nice one
game-hours: 44.3
review: This is the best game i ever played. If u wonder if u PC is good enough. Don't worry. I have a bad Pc and even i can paly it witouth problems. JUst buy the game and have some fun. Their are a few glitches but it's not that kinda deal. the most ones are already fixed. I have been driving over players. I went to the strip club. I had a glitch that a hooker was stuck in my car(not complaining about that Rockstar btw) and i have so much fun playing this game! I waited 2 years now and it's finaly here, Just buy it :D
game-hours: 79.9
review: I haven't come out of my room for 75 hours.
game-hours: 30.2
review: It's GTA V. Need I say more?
game-hours: 42.3
review: 50/10, flawless, beautiful graphics, spectacular open-world visuals with hugely impressive render-distance with low specification requirements, awesome online gameplay, a seemingly heavy weight game that is suprisingly light weight, highly entertaining and incredibly enjoyable gameplay. This game has everything you'll ever need. Except for zombies, but forget that - zombie games are old and lame, I mean c'mon how original >>>"let's all get a buzz like little girls by looking at scary faces and pooing our pants"... errr no it's not scary it's just sad and gay, haha just joking, it is my personal opinion though. The most scary thing in this planet is chin-chin (search FilthyFrank on YouTube). I'm more than happy in the online trolling sandbox world of infinite-possibilities that is GTA 5. (+ it installed fine for me with no problems)
game-hours: 65.3
review: worth delay and runs smooth in my wooden pc farewell dota
game-hours: 39.9
review: the control and UI is , still a fun game.
game-hours: 12.6
review: AWSOME BUY IT NOW
game-hours: 66.9
review: Noice
game-hours: 13.2
review: yes
game-hours: 113.7
review: The bee's knees. 11/10
game-hours: 18.4
review: awesome game .. must buy :)
game-hours: 47.3
review: I LOVE GTA
game-hours: 4.2
review: AMAZING GAME
game-hours: 64.3
review: So i went online. So i found a tank. So i saw the tank was shotting at me. So i died. 10/10 IGN. tank are op.
game-hours: 8.9
review: The game is so much better on PC. PC for life!
game-hours: 36.5
review: GREATEST GAME EVER! JIB
game-hours: 11.4
review: Crashed a plane ten times trying to learn the controls 14/10 would fail at barrel rolls again
game-hours: 40.0
review: crashes alot, but good game
game-hours: 16.1
review: My GPU is a potato, but it still runs this. 10/10
game-hours: 28.2
review: Unoptimized.
game-hours: 90.4
review: WHERE IS THE BOWLING R* ? ? ?
game-hours: 43.4
review: 10 / 10 street thug simulator. Bicycle controls are garbage though.
game-hours: 48.7
review: best ing open world game
game-hours: 84.5
review: This game is like sending vegetables through my hormones via
game-hours: 34.2
review: It's good to be back in Los Santos... And this time it's even better!
game-hours: 24.7
review: Its ok.
game-hours: 27.0
review: Game is fun
game-hours: 5.9
review: Great game I have own all the GTA back from PS1 to 3 and Xbox360 to PC. I have to say this one is the far best one they ever made and well thought out. The PC I have might blow the System Requirements. I would recomand a SSD hard drive over a mechanical hard drive so you won't get the loading and make the game little shuttering while playing hardcore max graphic setting or reaching other parts of the map in game. I have a 780 GTX TI for a video card and I already maxed out on the video ram of 3GB. If you are a hardcore graphic user and want the best of the best picture and graphic quality and want the max setting. I would recomand 770 or 970 or better as above 4GB. Sli help to reduce the shuttering as far screen resolution. I played on 1920x1080 on a 24 inch montior and I already maxxed out on my video ram on one card. I wanted to maxed the game out..But I couldn't becasue of the video memory. You can over ride it and play at maxx setting but it will start to used your system ram and will start to jutter or shuttering and not a smoothable playable frame rate and mouse will have a delay of moving around slowly on movments and action game play if cops get crowded or to many people and things going in the game it shutters. But if you got a 2800 and above DDR3 or DDR4 or 3200 above DDR4 system you might get little better frame rate when useing over ride of video rams. If anything like useing as virtual machine going on the back ground or something running in the back ground it start do slow down and not very playable smooth playable frame rate it shurtters around feeling like something sluggest and can't move around very good. I wish I had a black titan or something that got a bigger video ram and faster as 7.0 Gbps then you are good to go. Online is fun but scared already someone making auto aims already. I can tell a few players was little to good. But that is part of life right? It a cool game. Here my Computer Intel Xeon 1650 V3 at 3.6Ghz 6 core DDR4 2400 ECC Reg ram 64GB X99 Chipset Nvidia 780 GTX Ti SLI overclock to 954 Mhz no boost and memory 1866 Mhz x 4 = 7464 Mhz 6TB SSD 6 x 1 TB Sumsung 840 Pro RAID 0 1200 PSU Air cooled no water cooled
game-hours: 36.3
review: The best GTA so far in my opinion.
game-hours: 26.3
review: Killed two Men and stole a motorbike just to return a stolen wallet to a women. Had nearly $500 dollars deducted for my good deed. Yes, you can play this game as a good guy. I'm basically Batman. 10/10 Ben Afflecks
game-hours: 40.4
review: Worth waiting an extra two years for.
game-hours: 89.1
review: Ghetto character + Bandana = $50,000 64 Impala = $125,000 Mac10 = $75,000 Feeling of doing driveby shootings on every player on the map = Priceless. Best Thug Trainer Simulator - IGN. Quick shout-out to Console for the BETA testing!
game-hours: 38.6
review: end of my life 10/10
game-hours: 34.4
review: Game releases. Play online. Online actually works. Cars spawning in eachother. Explosions. NPCs running in fear from said explosions. Cops shooting innocent civilians running away from cars spawning into eachother's explosions. Guy shoots and kills me with a sniper while cops continue to shoot civilians. 11/10 would move to Los Santos again.
game-hours: 68.0
review: Many questioned if Rockstar would be up to the task with this release, given how GTA IV turned out. I am happy to report that Rockstar nailed it. Yes, there were launch day issues, but what game doesn't have those? EDIT: Okay, lets take this a bit more seriously. If you've watched TB's Port Report on GTA V then you already know what to expect as far as options go, so anything I say would be redundent. If you haven't watched that video, go do so. Gameplay wise, running on my rig (i5-4670, 8GB DDR3, R9 270X) and the settings mostly on normal/high I get 60fps 90% of the time. Again, as TB said in his video there are times when the FPS drops to 40 in large areas because of everything that's loading. This has yet to cause problems when on heists or jobs, so I generally ignore it. As far as controls go, usualy with this type of game I'll use a controller as driving with the keyboard is often hampered by shoddy controls. Thankfully that doesn't seem to be the case here, as I have no issue driving with the keyboard outside of how long the camera takes to recenter when the mouse moves, so I drive in 1st person (which is honestly kinda fun). There's a level of detail here that is really impressive to behold. Get into a car in 1st person mode and hit that gas. The tac and spedo needles move. Change the radio station and most will show which station you're on and sometimes what song is playing. If I have one gripe it's one that I've had with games like GTA for years now and that's how it handles the music. I'm all for all those stations and GabeN knows I take full advantage when a game lets me use my own music collection in place of whatever they provide. But we've had smart phones for years now and many people use them as music players either with apps like Spotify or just putting their own music on them, so why not take advantage of that? Put in a small animation of the player puting on headphones and just let the phone be the radio/music player. Other than that the game is a gem. Being able to switch between the main game and GTA Online at will without needing to exit is perfect (although the load times are annoying).
game-hours: 50.3
review: 11/10 would sell csgo skins again
game-hours: 49.4
review: Here Is a List of reasons why this game is 11/10 1.Amazing Port 2.Didnt crash at launch 3.Didnt make me cry cause the game was broken 4.Looks ing beautiful! 5.Just an all around amazing ing game
game-hours: 6.1
review: It's like call of duty with planes
game-hours: 38.3
review: And my social life is now gone...
game-hours: 50.2
review: Finally! I wait this moment for too long. One of the best day of my life 100/10
game-hours: 37.9
review: Compensating with lost sleep in reality by going to sleep in game. 10/10
game-hours: 34.5
review: GTA V! WOW Just WOW, The Movements are just amazing so diffrent then the PS4,XBOX ONE and the older once! And One Again 60 FU4KING FPS! 10/10 -IGN Buy that!
game-hours: 75.4
review: Like Skyrim with thieves
game-hours: 52.3
review: Absolutely fantastic work by Rockstar. Completely justifies the 2 year wait for PC. Optimization is amazingly well done (FPS doesnt ever drop under 50 on High/Very High set up + AA 16+MSA etc on a i5 2nd Gen & GTX 760 2GB RAM). Port is also very smooth, aiming is great and fluid and so is driving. Do I need to say more?
game-hours: 120.4
review: sexytime japanese horseraddish
game-hours: 57.8
review: Is this for real? The optimization is unbelievable!! OUTSTANDING OPTIMIZATION!!! Finally, a long awaited game in its definitive edition! Thank you very much for this, Rockstar. I hope I'm not dreaming xD 10/10
game-hours: 16.6
review: A game that runs good (for the most part) at launch what black magic is this ??????
game-hours: 45.7
review: 10/10
game-hours: 34.4
review: Downloaded The Game and Imediatly started punching everyone. 11/10 Would Punch Again
game-hours: 67.8
review: GTA V is a better port than GTA IV. It runs smoother despite the fact it uses newer tech. I've never played the console versions so I can't compare it to those -- though it's pretty obvious that the PC version runs and looks much, much better -- however, it's one of the better AAA releases of late. I recommend using a beefy cpu and gpu to fully enjoy the PC version. I'm running it on an i7 4470K Haswell and a 770 GTX which allows me to run everything on "Very High" except for Textures that are set to "High" with a stable 60 fps (higher w/ V-Sync disabled). You can squeeze by with an older card but you'll be missing out on the full scope of graphical improvements in this release. I'm still playing the Story Mode and haven't bothered with GTA Online yet, so I cannot comment on its functionality, but Story Mode is running fine. No crashes or stutters or any other game breaking issues. My only gripes seem to be in game design, and it's a little petty of me, I'll admit. I don't like the cops in this game, they're too invasive and it feels like a lot of the chases are more tiresome than exciting. Losing the cops in this isn't as fun as in previous titles. Also, it feels like they pick up on every little crime you commit and that's a bit of a change from the other games. Unrelated but just as annoying, the phone in this one is absolute trash unlike the one in GTA IV. GTA IV's phone was quick and intuitive. Whereas in GTA V, I'm annoyed with how much time I spend trying to find different things in my phone when I'm busy driving or doing a mission. It seems like they're just too busy satirizing Apple's iPhone when they should have made a functional phone for us to use. Perhaps I shall adjust. So that's all. Concluding, I'd like to just say that Rockstar has improved so much in this latest release. It seems like they have learned from GTA IV and listened to their fans quite a lot when it comes to developing a port for PC. Aside from that, the gameplay & story remains pretty flawless and loyal to the GTA-feel that we're accustomed to, with the exception of annoyingly clairvoyant police and a couple of petty gripes of my own. Still, it's definitely a better port and worth giving a go.
game-hours: 48.1
review: Maybe the best computer game ever made, for any system. You certainly could argue it. I've played all the GTAs, each one right at release and again and again repeatedly over the years, and I've been a huge fan since the very first top down GTA way back when, and this is still the best GTA ever. It's so good it's almost literally unbelievable. The PC port is clearly the best version of V, with an almost surreal amount of refinement, graphics options, control tweaks, full Surround/Eyefinity support that even includes HUD movement to prevent bezel interference, and the much lauded and stunningly amazing First Person Mode. The open world is alive and constantly in motion, the game is absolutely beautiful, the dialog is sharp and accurate, and the amount of content is gigantic bordering on ridiculous. The minigames are better than, or at least very comparable to, the full game titles that inspired them, and there's so many! The game does require a very powerful system to appreciate fully, but since when is that a negative? I'm extremely pleased that Rockstar pushed the envelope of what was possible, because the results speak for themselves. With the review system (specs below) I get steady 30fps through most every type of scene and location in the game, and that's with everything maxed out and vsync ON, except for FXAA instead of MSAA, and no reflection MSAA. Everything else totally maxed out and still 30fps @ 6040x1080. I think that at least merits a o_0, don't you? It's not a bad port at all, it's just got very high hardware requirements and people expect too much out of their old rigs. I've only played the game 13 hours so far (a drop in the bucket considering how endless the game is) but the adventures I've had already were so insane and numerous that I can barely recount them all. Spontaneous Burt Reynolds two wheeled flat spinning pistol blazing police chases. Rush hour fender benders that resulted in multiple (hilarious) vehicular manslaughters. Moody train rides across the countryside. Fistfights with angry winos. Giving anyone and everyone The Finger. The first jewely store heist that by itself makes Payday 2 look like an insulting pile of crap. And these are just the first few bites of a massive, 27 course, impeccably prepared banquet of video gaming destruction. So many developers getting lazy and greedy these days, but like Elzar the Neptunian Master Chef, Rockstar keep kicking it up another notch. BAM! Best 60 bucks I've ever spent on entertainment. I will play this masterpiece 300 hours or more... by next weekend. Truly GOTY, and one of the best video games of all time. For once, you can believe the hype. Review system: i2500k @ 4ghz, ASUS STRIX GTX 980 @ 6040x1080 bezel corrected, 16gb DDR3 1600, Intel 730 SSD, HTOMEGA Striker 7.1, Win7 x64
game-hours: 25.5
review: worth every cent i spent on this game
game-hours: 60.6
review: you can punt cats
game-hours: 75.0
review: Pissed off some high level player on online mode, he proceeded to hunt me in an armoured truck and put bounties on my head. Killed him several times and laughed while he raged. 11/10 would murder him again.
game-hours: 38.6
review: this is the best game ever
game-hours: 37.4
review: Hit me Hit me Hit me Hit me Hit me Hit me Hit me Hit me Hit me Hit me Hit me Hit me Hit me with those laser beams. PewPewPewPewPewPewPewPewPewPewPewPewPewPewPewPewPewPew .... PewPewPew It's GTAV for PC. Why the hell haven't you bought this game yet?
game-hours: 83.8
review: The American Dream. Maximum Game.
game-hours: 76.0
review: Grand Theft Auto V is a meticulously crafted open-world sandbox title by Rockstar Games. The constant delays and hype of the PC version was laid to rest when it finally saw its release on the 14th of April. As for the review, I shall be brief so as to be as less time consuming as possible. GTA V offers vibrant visuals, a modern yet enjoyable plot consisting of a mixture of reality and satire. It also offers replayability due to its vast counterpart; GTA Online and a living, breathing environment in the streets of Los Santos and Blaine County. Aside from the main plot, the game maintains its entertainment standard by offering its players with a variety of tasks, missions, random quests and activities. PC users that may not be as up to date can also try this as the game itself is optimized in a way to deliver utmost performance while maintaining its graphical fidelity. I must say, this is pretty much the only AAA game that deserves a praise in the recent scenario as minimal bugs have been found and those discovered are being eliminated by Rockstar. As said before, I've been brief - very brief in fact. It doesn't matter as to what kind of games you like. This is a must buy and shall remain one for years to come. 10/10 indeed.
game-hours: 31.6
review: I was thinking "hey imma play GTAV until like 10PM or so" start playing for a little bit, thought I played a good amount for the night, I was starting to get a littie tired. I check the clock and it said 4:00 AM. GG 10/10 IGN
game-hours: 65.3
review: Despite a few rare bugs with the graphics and physics, this is a very enjoyable game. Singleplayer is solid and the multiplayer is fun for the mostpart, though it's not exactly open to users to play with.
game-hours: 24.4
review: great gasme
game-hours: 56.6
review: 20/10
game-hours: 70.3
review: It's alright I guess.
game-hours: 44.4
review: Yes.
game-hours: 28.9
review: What is with it always entering windowed mode and going to the lowest resolution.....
game-hours: 15.1
review: I want to make love with this game!
game-hours: 41.8
review: The singleplayers is real nice, but the multiplayer is in my opion a bit boring.
game-hours: 15.1
review: I want to make love with this game!
game-hours: 41.8
review: The singleplayers is real nice, but the multiplayer is in my opion a bit boring.
game-hours: 22.5
review: fantastic seriously
game-hours: 33.4
review: i want refund!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 14.9
review: I really like chasing people with knives. Oh and GTA on PC is pretty fun too.
game-hours: 29.1
review: This game is amazing, the graphics are outstanding and very realistic. The game has a lot of play value and online is not that buggy or glichy! i highly recommend the game. 10/10 P.S Rockstar please make modable
game-hours: 54.7
review: This is the game we were promised when the PS3/Xbawks versions came out. Heists give everyone a reason and a way to get wealthy, the FPS is acceptable for the PC master race, and the graphics have potential which exceed most mid range rig's capabilities. Have not tried online for PC yet but here's hoping the community is slightly less.... aggressively stupid.... then the PS3's was/is.
game-hours: 2.4
review: Really great game, my pc can't handle it too well, but it will be fixed probably. I rate it a 9/10 - Wolf Gaming Reviewers
game-hours: 28.3
review: great game, 10/10 would wait two years again. this game runs mostly off your graphics card ram so if youre wondering how to allocate more to it, you cant.
game-hours: 53.8
review: I HATE THIS GAME IT'S TOO GOOD! I use to have a life but now I don't :-| This game is so good IT'S BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAD D-:
game-hours: 56.5
review: Awesome! nice optimization!
game-hours: 70.6
review: melhor jogo da steam.
game-hours: 46.9
review: this game is awesome
game-hours: 53.2
review: The game of year 2015!
game-hours: 19.6
review: Playing this game for the first time. After completing the Prolouge/Beginning missions I (as Franklin) first walked up to some people and pressed a button that let me talk to them, I said hi, and they said hi and some other  back to me. Then, I press it again, Franklin goes, " How's it hanging homie?" And they say hi back again, then I get hit in the back of the head by a different pedestrian that must have been offended by my tone of voice. I stood up and beat the  out of him and stole his money. The other guys I was talking to didn't like that I murdered that guy, and started fighting me... soon the streets were filled with bodies of my victims. Then, the police came. I ran to my backyard, having no weapons, and hid behind a fence... they soon stopped looking for me and I walked away, thinking I should get a haircut. As I walked in I said hi to some people outside while entering the hair saloon and a cutscene played, while it played I could see the person I said hi to trying to get inside the saloon. After it was over introducing that store, the guy walked through the door and hit me in the face, offended by me saying hi before a cutscene. The hair saloon closed and I had to go outside and walk around the world and do some missions before I was finally able to get my small afro and beard... "Bullets and fists may break my bones, but words will always start it." <---- GTA V in a nutshell so far. 666/10 I get why people say this is the best game ever made, it is. Also I have way too much money then I know what to do with (I preordered it before March 31st).
game-hours: 48.7
review: best ing open world game
game-hours: 40.4
review: Worth waiting an extra two years for.
game-hours: 89.1
review: Ghetto character + Bandana = $50,000 64 Impala = $125,000 Mac10 = $75,000 Feeling of doing driveby shootings on every player on the map = Priceless. Best Thug Trainer Simulator - IGN. Quick shout-out to Console for the BETA testing!
game-hours: 19.9
review: The Dialouge will give you cancer.
game-hours: 53.8
review: strip clubs have chicks with nipples that are way too big. other than that an ez 8/8 also u get to see trevors balls.
game-hours: 36.1
review: Not bad.
game-hours: 48.5
review: Best GTA so far and probably one of the best games out there. Rockstar have done themselves proud.
game-hours: 57.0
review: Same  I do in real life, but in higher resolution.
game-hours: 17.5
review: Small issues with settings, not staying full screen after changes or doing other odd CTD things. But they're nothing you can't expect at launch. Awesome graphics, even if I had to turn down the graphics settings (GTX 770 but system memory). Everyone I know playing this on PC isn't having issues, and that's really what matters, the game, story and multiplayer are already more than enough for $60. edit1-OH GOD, THAT INTERFACE. It's new, and a port, so I'll give it time. obligatory; playingwithfriendshasneverbeenthisfunandeasy
game-hours: 45.6
review: 11/10 Remove Razer Cortex AKA Razer game booster to launch the game
game-hours: 17.5
review: omg best game O.o
game-hours: 9.1
review: I saw cats. That's good enough for 11/10 kittens. Meow :3
game-hours: 31.3
review: Great port, great game.
game-hours: 26.8
review: First thing I did was go into first person mode. 10/10 waited 2 years and 3 delays to play in first person and shoot assault rifles and not be playing Cod of Battlefield.
game-hours: 79.4
review: Runs on HD6850 with almost 60FPS Medium Settings Full HD
game-hours: 18.2
review: To keep it really short and simple, It was definitely worth the wait for the PC version of GTA V. It runs like a dream and looks just as nice as ir runs. PCMR FTW!
game-hours: 48.7
review: About the most fun you can get from a game and it's superb really, graphics and music keep you going all the way through and the epic missions that are by far the best.
game-hours: 73.6
review: This game is gud
game-hours: 54.1
review: Wow, GTA V...It's here, the PC master race finally gets their hands on GTA V. This game, on ANY platform, is SPECTACULAR, probably one of Rockstars best works. Here are some pros and cons of this game. I'll only be looking at the singleplayer side of the game for now, might update Online in later. PROS ~ Great NPC variety Amazing graphics and open world So many activities 3 Different playable characters Memorable characters Customisation - So much of it! A long, long story, taking me around 20 hrs, without doing side missions But, with every good game, there are the cons CONS ~ Need a reasonably good rig to run this game A few glitches here and there (Glitches will be updated later in the year) Rockstar Social has it's problems (Haven't encountered any personally) Price maybe could be a tad reduced considering this game has been out for 2 years now Keyboard controls are not the best (I tried playing with mouse and keyboard, couldn't get used to it so switched to Xbox One controller) So, all in all, in my experience, I defiantly spent my money well, and this games selling point is probably Online, so if you have any friends who play this, defiantly pick it up. If not, I'd still get it just for the experience. And remember to check if your computer can run this game, Pretty sure around 48% people didn't reach minimum requirements for this game. I give this game a 8/10.
game-hours: 39.9
review: Rockstar support is amazing, They supported me all my Items back and made me feel like a Loyal Client, Thank you Rockstar and the great Lady who supported me Keosha_M Is the best!
game-hours: 164.4
review: amazing open world with unlimited things to do : ]
game-hours: 94.9
review: Best open world, period. GTA V is absolutely fantastic and the acting is incredible. GTA Online is worth the 69.99 alone. in' work of art.
game-hours: 52.7
review: What the actual  is up with swimming underwater in this game? This is literally the first time I have ever had to look up how to swim, even as a child to teach me to swim my mother just threw me in a pool and I picked it up in about 3 seconds. Could they really have just not made WASD work like normal on the X axis then made Shift and control move you on the Y? The  did they make shift forward for?
game-hours: 9.0
review: I've never banked more hours in a video game ever. Prior to the PC release, I had invested in both the 360 and Xbox One versions and have well over 1,200 hours spread across both platforms. The only negative thus far in this release has been how hard it pushes some PCs. However, this should get fixed, and don't let those negative reviews sway you!
game-hours: 39.2
review: Bought it Downloaded 50% Realised I have a laptop Regrets everything Downloads 100% Plays Chanes graphics to 768p Goes complete  Changes to 1080P Runs smooth AF 100% worth it
game-hours: 45.0
review: i never feel so dramatic after finishing a download + installing for a game before, to many journey i through it. worth your time, money, just trust me it isnt bad at all like negative reviewers out there 9/10
game-hours: 14.2
review: 60 fps on max setting great preformance overall just had a minor problem when installing the game took about an hour and a half just to install 200 mb's for some reason but nothing too bad AND MODS ARE GONNA BE ING AMAZING
game-hours: 30.8
review: Just curious if anyone is having issues loading up GTA V Online? It's working great single player wise but I keep getting disconnected from the online version.
game-hours: 48.8
review: 10/10
game-hours: 56.6
review: I can't get enough of this game. I originally bought it on PS3 and didn't hesitate to buy it for PC. Do yourself a favor and get it! The singleplayer and the online modes are both unique and truly great experiences. Prepare to be immersed in the most feature rich and detailed GTA world ever created. Everything from the characters, to the setting, and the atmosphere is absolutely breathtaking. 9/10 Definitely buy.
game-hours: 24.3
review: My new fap material.
game-hours: 18.8
review: Great cat stomping simulator. 10/10
game-hours: 26.7
review: Like Skyrim, with cars, guns and Trevor. Totally worth the wait. 14/4
game-hours: 64.1
review: GREAT GAME! ITS DEF A MUST GET!
game-hours: 44.5
review: Respect is everything. Yes Rockstar respects gamers. Wonderfull graphics, fluid gaming, great story, first person shooter!!! 9.8/10 (I have already played the PS version)
game-hours: 15.7
review: Truly a masterpiece! I'm delighted to see that Rockstar has moved on from the bowling simulator days! 100.5/10
game-hours: 24.2
review: this game is a masterpiece.
game-hours: 19.8
review: The game is good, runs well and looks amazing, the only bad things are that the defult controls are a little fiddly and the rockstar games social club adding an extra layer of DRM isnt great, but other than that is good!
game-hours: 40.5
review: The game is the AMAZINg GTA 5, but on PC everything is better. every thing i dont even need to explain. I f you love playing with freinds or a awesome campain you will be very happy. It is very well optimized and was ported very well Any negitive reviews are not about the game but cause of the massive player base the first day, people have had connection issius. 10/10 IGN
game-hours: 38.9
review: Best rockstar port ever.
game-hours: 67.6
review: Rockstar have done a very good job on this i had played the ps3 version when it came out at the time and the online was terrible at 1st kept losing character progress and getting disconnected constantly and having to wait for over a week just for it to be stable i had just giving up on it and decided to get it on pc for the full experiance hoping they learnt there lesson this time and they surely have it does not dissapoint.The next day after launch i was able to play online flawless havent had a single problem which i was pretty impressed by going by past experiance and how many people flood the servers Storyline 9/10 Its awesome i think its safe to say trevor is the best character in the whole gta franchise Online 10/10 Having a blast with this so much to do in this and thats without mods
game-hours: 60.4
review: GG steam servers. Good port. Just make sure your computer can handle it before purchasing, instead of going into the negative review section and blaming rockstar because your computer was built during the Bush adminstration.
game-hours: 32.6
review: Was it worth the wait? Yes. Is it optimized? Yes. Are the controls nice? Somewhat. Grand Theft Auto V is greatly optimized. I currently have a GTX 660 and an AMD FX-4300 at 3.8 GHz. I can play the game at high settings 1080p at 60 fps. That's how good it is. I have yet to figure out Self Radio, but I will figure that out tomorrow. There were slight multiplayer issues at launch, but that's to be expected. After about an hour they were quickly solved and I had no issues afterwards. All in all, a very solid launch. Much better than the 360/PS3 launch, and the PS4/XB1 launch. I played about 3 hours with my friends on multiplayer, doing impromptu races and exploring all the new graphics settings and new items. It was incredibly fun. We have yet to do heists, but I cannot wait! If you liked Grand Theft Auto V on the previous or next gen consoles, I highly recommend the PC version, the ultimate version.
game-hours: 51.3
review: yes fun
game-hours: 8.9
review: Glorious. Glorious indeed. Well worth the wait. Runs liks a dream on my very modest (though conservatively over-clocked) i72700k / GTX580 / 8GB, so if you had any doubts as to whether this would run or not on your own 'non-gaming' PC, even modest rigs do the trick, and it really does look increadible. An amazingly immersive experience that lives up to the hype.
game-hours: 8.9
review: Glorious. Glorious indeed. Well worth the wait. Runs liks a dream on my very modest (though conservatively over-clocked) i72700k / GTX580 / 8GB, so if you had any doubts as to whether this would run or not on your own 'non-gaming' PC, even modest rigs do the trick, and it really does look increadible. An amazingly immersive experience that lives up to the hype.
game-hours: 17.4
review: Having played hundreds of hours of this game, the PC version is just that much better that it feels like a whole new game entirely. 10/10
game-hours: 57.6
review: Amazing. The game is greatly optimized , runs on mixed high/very high at 40-60 (avg 51) at 1080p on my 750 ti.
game-hours: 40.9
review: good game, worth my money! 100/10, you should buy it, and get crazy
game-hours: 33.2
review: WORTH THE WAIT! Online works good, Graphics are amazing, & FPS Keyboard + Mouse flow is amazing! PC release really nailed it so far, been playing for 12 hours straight since launch! Looking forward to making lots of great content with GTA V and its Editor! 420/10
game-hours: 74.5
review: 14 hours in, I'm enjoying the game. Main characters are strangely likable and interesting. Gameplay is more or less like IV, but smoother in some respects and missions where you can switch between characters become a lot of fun. The "special abilities" do seem just a tad overpowered at times though. "port" seems good. I'm not running it quite maxed out and have the occasional frame rate hiccough in certain circumstances, but it isn't anywhere near bad enough to say it's not a good "port". If anything, it could do with the settings menu being less annoying to navigate. The intro movies could also do with being skippable after first launch, they get very annoying when playing with settings that require a reboot. I have experienced a consistant bug with the benchmark going crazy and failing a mission halfway through (It seems to start a new story mode at the same time or something) (PC gamer had the same issue), which made setting up a bit more of a hassle than it needed to be.
game-hours: 57.5
review: Game of the year! No lags, runs great, completely opposite from GTA IV. Game devs did a great job to optimize this game, the only minus is social club, though i didnt had to go through 7 rings of hell, what i had to make when i bough GTA IV. I am not disappointed in fact that i have chose to buy GTA V, instead of BF hardline. Thank you Rockstar for another great game from you, even though it came out after 2 years on pc.
game-hours: 57.1
review: My life is over. Goodbye real world.
game-hours: 33.4
review: I Can't Stop play GTA V 10/10
game-hours: 37.6
review: better than i thought gettin good fps
game-hours: 40.4
review: F*ckin' A! -nuff said
game-hours: 35.1
review: good but where the hell is my money that i was supposed to get i only see 500k for frank and 100k for trevor
game-hours: 35.0
review: Great Game
game-hours: 20.3
review: i landed on top of a pug in my car :VVVVVVVV
game-hours: 19.9
review: The Dialouge will give you cancer.
game-hours: 39.0
review: Franklin And Lamar thought me how to talk on the streets Dawsgs.
game-hours: 52.1
review: A game about banging hookers and driving over civilians, and you cant even swear online. 10/10
game-hours: 33.5
review: It's an ok game nothing special and overated when compared to GTA 4. It is worth the current price.
game-hours: 70.6
review: melhor jogo da steam.
game-hours: 46.9
review: this game is awesome
game-hours: 19.6
review: Playing this game for the first time. After completing the Prolouge/Beginning missions I (as Franklin) first walked up to some people and pressed a button that let me talk to them, I said hi, and they said hi and some other  back to me. Then, I press it again, Franklin goes, " How's it hanging homie?" And they say hi back again, then I get hit in the back of the head by a different pedestrian that must have been offended by my tone of voice. I stood up and beat the  out of him and stole his money. The other guys I was talking to didn't like that I murdered that guy, and started fighting me... soon the streets were filled with bodies of my victims. Then, the police came. I ran to my backyard, having no weapons, and hid behind a fence... they soon stopped looking for me and I walked away, thinking I should get a haircut. As I walked in I said hi to some people outside while entering the hair saloon and a cutscene played, while it played I could see the person I said hi to trying to get inside the saloon. After it was over introducing that store, the guy walked through the door and hit me in the face, offended by me saying hi before a cutscene. The hair saloon closed and I had to go outside and walk around the world and do some missions before I was finally able to get my small afro and beard... "Bullets and fists may break my bones, but words will always start it." <---- GTA V in a nutshell so far. 666/10 I get why people say this is the best game ever made, it is. Also I have way too much money then I know what to do with (I preordered it before March 31st).
game-hours: 15.6
review: While i was frustrated with Rockstar at first for delaying this game for so long. Everything was forgiven when i powered it up. It has been optimized extremely well for pc, even with my outdated gtx 660 i can run it on medium - high settings and it looks great! I havent had any crashes or annoying bugs (so far) , so all i can say is, well done rockstar.
game-hours: 56.5
review: Awesome! nice optimization!
game-hours: 43.8
review: I think dis game needs review sow.. Game is very bad it doesn't even work on my $200 laptop wow thats really sucking very bad
game-hours: 24.5
review: YES!
game-hours: 30.2
review: Best criminal simulator of 2015 for the PC. 10/10
game-hours: 34.6
review: Got attacked by a bunch of 12 year olds shouting 'allahu akbar', they chased me a persuaded me to join them. We then blew up loads of . 10/10 would allhu akbar again
game-hours: 12.0
review: First GTA game for me. I satyed away from this brand b/c from what I had seen it wasnt my type of game. Drive around and punch people in the face shoot a hooker. Well if the other games are like GTA5 I probly missed out. This game is so much more then that. Its an open world game with a great story (so far about 15 Hours in), and plently to see and do. The amount of detail is just amazing. Ohh and if you feel like it you can puch people in the face! 9.5
game-hours: 39.0
review: My all time favourite game!
game-hours: 10.3
review: It's Grand Theft Auto 5, only with more features, better looking graphics and awesome optimization. Sort of like the opposite of GTA IV's port, you won't have much problem running this game and at a pretty solid 60fps too (or more if possible). The story is still one of the best ones written for a video game in my opinion and the world is so alive that it feels real (especially when playing in first person mode). This is being called the definitive version of GTA V for a reason. It's worth throwing down the full price even right now, even if you bought the game once or even twice, it's just that good.
game-hours: 36.9
review: *Just driving around the city *A man gets robbed on the street *I step in and try to retrieve his money *Robbers have guns *We shoot at each other *The victim gets killed in the process *I kill the robbers and keep the cash - easy money! 9/10
game-hours: 40.0
review: crashes alot, but good game
game-hours: 16.1
review: My GPU is a potato, but it still runs this. 10/10
game-hours: 28.2
review: Unoptimized.
game-hours: 91.0
review: WHERE IS THE BOWLING R* ? ? ?
game-hours: 43.4
review: 10 / 10 street thug simulator. Bicycle controls are garbage though.
game-hours: 58.6
review: You can listen to Gorillaz while driving around. 10/10 Would wait again.
game-hours: 53.6
review: Day 3 of launch: I've adapted to sleeping during respawn times and loading screens, every few hours my mom slides a piece of bread and an icecube under my bedroom door. Since day one, I've called in "sick" to work, my boss wishes me well and has no suspicion of my absense. Little does he know, I'm murdering hookers at every corner of the city and stealing military jets to destroy any other player who crosses my path. My friends text me for plans, I tell them I'm busy doing jobs for a man named Lester. They think nothing of my excuse while I'm robbing banks and gas stations just to spend my earnings at the nearby strip club. I'm beginning to accept my new life here in Los Santos, the graphics are better than real life anyways.
game-hours: 16.0
review: Amazing :D really nice job RockStar but only problem is my gta online player has lines all over him :o
game-hours: 31.3
review: This review took me almost 2 years to write and was delayed 3 times. 10/10
game-hours: 39.5
review: Best game in the world,i love this game :*
game-hours: 40.2
review: Why don't you already own this game?
game-hours: 57.1
review: While it wasn't released in a fast manner (got it to download after about an hour and a half), it still made the deadline before midnight. GTA V is one of Rockstar's best games. The story we should all know by now, it's been out for about 2 years. The online is great, aside from the heists having a few broken sections (frozen screens, and during the first part of the flecca heist it breaks). Over all, 8/10.
game-hours: 84.5
review: This game is like sending vegetables through my hormones via
game-hours: 34.2
review: It's good to be back in Los Santos... And this time it's even better!
game-hours: 24.7
review: Its ok.
game-hours: 27.0
review: Game is fun
game-hours: 5.9
review: Great game I have own all the GTA back from PS1 to 3 and Xbox360 to PC. I have to say this one is the far best one they ever made and well thought out. The PC I have might blow the System Requirements. I would recomand a SSD hard drive over a mechanical hard drive so you won't get the loading and make the game little shuttering while playing hardcore max graphic setting or reaching other parts of the map in game. I have a 780 GTX TI for a video card and I already maxed out on the video ram of 3GB. If you are a hardcore graphic user and want the best of the best picture and graphic quality and want the max setting. I would recomand 770 or 970 or better as above 4GB. Sli help to reduce the shuttering as far screen resolution. I played on 1920x1080 on a 24 inch montior and I already maxxed out on my video ram on one card. I wanted to maxed the game out..But I couldn't becasue of the video memory. You can over ride it and play at maxx setting but it will start to used your system ram and will start to jutter or shuttering and not a smoothable playable frame rate and mouse will have a delay of moving around slowly on movments and action game play if cops get crowded or to many people and things going in the game it shutters. But if you got a 2800 and above DDR3 or DDR4 or 3200 above DDR4 system you might get little better frame rate when useing over ride of video rams. If anything like useing as virtual machine going on the back ground or something running in the back ground it start do slow down and not very playable smooth playable frame rate it shurtters around feeling like something sluggest and can't move around very good. I wish I had a black titan or something that got a bigger video ram and faster as 7.0 Gbps then you are good to go. Online is fun but scared already someone making auto aims already. I can tell a few players was little to good. But that is part of life right? It a cool game. Here my Computer Intel Xeon 1650 V3 at 3.6Ghz 6 core DDR4 2400 ECC Reg ram 64GB X99 Chipset Nvidia 780 GTX Ti SLI overclock to 954 Mhz no boost and memory 1866 Mhz x 4 = 7464 Mhz 6TB SSD 6 x 1 TB Sumsung 840 Pro RAID 0 1200 PSU Air cooled no water cooled
game-hours: 36.4
review: The best GTA so far in my opinion.
game-hours: 26.3
review: Killed two Men and stole a motorbike just to return a stolen wallet to a women. Had nearly $500 dollars deducted for my good deed. Yes, you can play this game as a good guy. I'm basically Batman. 10/10 Ben Afflecks
game-hours: 33.1
review: Selfie Simulator 2015 10/10
game-hours: 30.1
review: I like it a lot m8. Trust me izz good
game-hours: 7.7
review: Good game Great Gameplay Overpriced for coming out a year later on pc. Bought it anyway.
game-hours: 83.3
review: It's ok.
game-hours: 55.6
review: First of all i would like to say thank you to console gamers for the beta and alpha testing The one title that always stands up to the hype. No disappointments except for, the obvious situation why it came 2 years late and tremendous loading times in online when let's say i join a job which is full or host quits or whatever happens and instead of only starting to load when criterias are met i wait around 30s for loading and then get an error msg and get dropped back to(hopefully) where i was
game-hours: 46.3
review: GOTY (Game of The Year), GOTD (Game of The Decade), GOTC (Game of The Century), GOTU (Game of The Universe) , GOTW (Game of The World), GOTL (Game of The Life)! IT'S MODOA CJ GTA HELL YEAH ! COME ON CJ MODOAH!
game-hours: 9.7
review: Its alright
game-hours: 36.9
review: MOM, DAD... YOU ARE NOT GOING TO SEE ME FOR A COUPLE OF YEARS... IM MOVING OUT WITH THE LOVE OF MY LIFE- GTA V...
game-hours: 60.1
review: Well... it's not even a question. Buy it. The only reason you wouldn't have that game, is because of your low  specs!
game-hours: 45.3
review: Looking for negative reviews of GTA V?! Go home, you're drunk!
game-hours: 69.9
review: game is broken at lanch online keeps crashing major lag issues, single player grapthic issues dont buy untill they fix
game-hours: 10.1
review: Had this game on the 360 great game was happy it's out for the PC as the graphics on it are amazing it's a big download but it's worth the wait for it!
game-hours: 17.9
review: You know everything already.
game-hours: 21.1
review: i donwload it i was playing about 2 hours then i had a job and after 3 hours i wanted to play again and i had problem Failed to Start Game (Missing Executable) any 1 help?
game-hours: 40.9
review: Pre ordered GTA 5 at the second it came out.Finaly launch the game I say  single player go into online have half a million spend it in 5 min YA!!!Tryed to buy shark cards my socila club store is not working i find a website Rockstar warehouse going to buy my slef 16 mill. IDk what to spend it on And i finished the first heist and now i cant do another one because no 1 wants to join. THE BEST GAME EVER Results u can spend any amout of in game cash in 5 mins to 10 max sing in the shower and every one can hear u Ur charecter never uses a toilet And every one calls u italina or mexica LOVE THIS GAME !!!!
game-hours: 27.6
review: 10/10 - Must buy, worth every penny. I imagine I'm going to accumulate a high gametime with this game.
game-hours: 20.0
review: great port with loads of settings and at 1080p on a computer with a gtx 970, i5-4690k and 16gb of ram the menu is choppy but the game runs perfectly
game-hours: 36.5
review: I was playing gta: online the other day, then i killed some random guy and i had only pistol ammo. After that he killed me with his scoped rifle couple times, i got angry at him. Then i went to ammu-nation and spent over 30,000$ on marksman sniper rifle, extended clip, ammo and body armor. Then i killed him once and drove off, after all that, i did not have enough money to buy a turbo for my car. gg 10/10 - would shoot a random guy again.
game-hours: 65.9
review: 10/10
game-hours: 186.1
review: trees.
game-hours: 7.7
review: Good game Great Gameplay Overpriced for coming out a year later on pc. Bought it anyway.
game-hours: 36.9
review: MOM, DAD... YOU ARE NOT GOING TO SEE ME FOR A COUPLE OF YEARS... IM MOVING OUT WITH THE LOVE OF MY LIFE- GTA V...
game-hours: 10.1
review: Had this game on the 360 great game was happy it's out for the PC as the graphics on it are amazing it's a big download but it's worth the wait for it!
game-hours: 45.3
review: Looking for negative reviews of GTA V?! Go home, you're drunk!
game-hours: 69.9
review: game is broken at lanch online keeps crashing major lag issues, single player grapthic issues dont buy untill they fix
game-hours: 60.1
review: Well... it's not even a question. Buy it. The only reason you wouldn't have that game, is because of your low  specs!
game-hours: 27.6
review: 10/10 - Must buy, worth every penny. I imagine I'm going to accumulate a high gametime with this game.
game-hours: 36.5
review: I was playing gta: online the other day, then i killed some random guy and i had only pistol ammo. After that he killed me with his scoped rifle couple times, i got angry at him. Then i went to ammu-nation and spent over 30,000$ on marksman sniper rifle, extended clip, ammo and body armor. Then i killed him once and drove off, after all that, i did not have enough money to buy a turbo for my car. gg 10/10 - would shoot a random guy again.
game-hours: 20.0
review: great port with loads of settings and at 1080p on a computer with a gtx 970, i5-4690k and 16gb of ram the menu is choppy but the game runs perfectly
game-hours: 21.3
review: Got it for GTA Online. No problems from start. And it's been great.
game-hours: 22.0
review: Excellent game. 10/10.
game-hours: 40.5
review: PAYDAY 2 + BATTLEFIELD 3 + NEED FOR SPEED: MOST WANTED (2005) = REAL LIFE SIMULATOR A.K.A. GTA V 1337/10
game-hours: 41.9
review: It is fantastic. Open world experience is awesome, tons of vehicles to try out, nice weapons...... BUT It takes FOREVER to load.....
game-hours: 29.8
review: They should have added a bowling place.
game-hours: 64.8
review: keep an eye out for your life, it could easily be stolen by this game
game-hours: 68.2
review: Grand Theft Auto V is a prime example of Rockstar creating a living, breathing world for players to drive, shoot and explore. The world of San Andreas is alive and that improves the immersion and attention to detail. The biggest problem with GTA V is that online is tacked on, and many reviews especially negative reviews are based on the Online components and not the main story. Plus GTA V does have issues especially related to stuttering, for the most part these can be fixed with a little bit of research but occasionally will re-appear until Rockstar fixes these issues. Story Mode Graphics // 9 Sound // 9 Gameplay // 10 ++ Fun + Exploration + Missions are varied and interesting + Excellent characters//Voice actors did a good job + Activites like darts and tennis are fun -- Bugs and crashes -- Helicopter controls are awful The story is great and quite believable focusing around several people this time, all from different backgrounds and each have there own missions, each character is voice acted to perfection, my personal favorite is Trevor who is so hilarious with his crazy antics. Graphics have been improved signficantly as you would expect with a current generation game, and everything runs nice and smooth when the GTA isn't suffering from the stutter bug, This issue seems to be either a driver issue or related to steam overlay - and effects both story and online modes making the game unplayable. Online Mode ++ Co-op missions are fun with other players ++ Personal character customization + Many different clothing and weapon choices + Free DLC --- Hackers ruin the experience when encountered -- Long loading times -- Too many trolls on freeroam cussin' over voicechat -- Some missions are poorly designed - Cost of some items/cars are exceptionally expensive - Repetive GTA Online really needs to be considered seperate from GTA V story mode and as such, really needs a seperate review. For the most part GTA O is fun, but it does have many issues, which all reduce the overall experience. One of the few problems for me personally, is that there isn't enough Co-oP modes and missions, because the main focus is PvP based. I would personally like a couple more Co-operative modes, Heists was supposed to address this but they have their own problems, mostly requiring private crews to run them, as they are more involved and casual players/pick up groups have a hard time. One of the biggest issues with GTA Online though, is hackers. I've personally seen several already, from level 8000 players, to invinicible players in Team Deathmatch. These heavily ruin the online experience.
game-hours: 0.6
review: Utter ! If you have a laptop that runs Intel API with AMD GPU, DO NOT BUY! GTA V will not run on intel CPU and AMD GPU on laptops at the moment, Rockstar refuses to answer the thousands of people waiting for a fix, and it does not look like the fix is coming any time soon.
game-hours: 62.0
review: Very good game, but in my case it crashes ALOT!
game-hours: 54.8
review: The game is great, yes. I do love this game and I have played it a total of 300h on Online. But after 2 years I feel like it should not have any glitches and that sorta stuff, but it does have. Then theres Rockstar support, it takes a week for them to answer and to find out the answer is a pre-writed one and it doesn't really help you I still do recommend it if you haven't played it as it is one of my favourite games but there are just too many glitches and problems online especially with heists!
game-hours: 53.8
review: No Imponte Dukes on pc, "Next Gen" exclusive cars 0/10  game
game-hours: 13.0
review: Running 120 FPS High Graphics with 4GB(RAM) Thank you Rockstar !!!!
game-hours: 68.2
review: Grand Theft Auto V is a prime example of Rockstar creating a living, breathing world for players to drive, shoot and explore. The world of San Andreas is alive and that improves the immersion and attention to detail. The biggest problem with GTA V is that online is tacked on, and many reviews especially negative reviews are based on the Online components and not the main story. Plus GTA V does have issues especially related to stuttering, for the most part these can be fixed with a little bit of research but occasionally will re-appear until Rockstar fixes these issues. Story Mode Graphics // 9 Sound // 9 Gameplay // 10 ++ Fun + Exploration + Missions are varied and interesting + Excellent characters//Voice actors did a good job + Activites like darts and tennis are fun -- Bugs and crashes -- Helicopter controls are awful The story is great and quite believable focusing around several people this time, all from different backgrounds and each have there own missions, each character is voice acted to perfection, my personal favorite is Trevor who is so hilarious with his crazy antics. Graphics have been improved signficantly as you would expect with a current generation game, and everything runs nice and smooth when the GTA isn't suffering from the stutter bug, This issue seems to be either a driver issue or related to steam overlay - and effects both story and online modes making the game unplayable. Online Mode ++ Co-op missions are fun with other players ++ Personal character customization + Many different clothing and weapon choices + Free DLC --- Hackers ruin the experience when encountered -- Long loading times -- Too many trolls on freeroam cussin' over voicechat -- Some missions are poorly designed - Cost of some items/cars are exceptionally expensive - Repetive GTA Online really needs to be considered seperate from GTA V story mode and as such, really needs a seperate review. For the most part GTA O is fun, but it does have many issues, which all reduce the overall experience. One of the few problems for me personally, is that there isn't enough Co-oP modes and missions, because the main focus is PvP based. I would personally like a couple more Co-operative modes, Heists was supposed to address this but they have their own problems, mostly requiring private crews to run them, as they are more involved and casual players/pick up groups have a hard time. One of the biggest issues with GTA Online though, is hackers. I've personally seen several already, from level 8000 players, to invinicible players in Team Deathmatch. These heavily ruin the online experience.
game-hours: 33.2
review: As of writing this it has been over a day since the launch and I still haven't even gotten to launch the damn game because it is broken and rockstar have done nothing to fix it. Even if the game is the best game ever it will be soured by the abysmal launch it had. 0/10-For gameplay(Unplayable) 0/10-For Graphics(Unplayable) 0/10-For Characters(Unplayable) -99999999'/10-Rockstar support 10/10-My Salty attitude
game-hours: 45.7
review: you rockstar
game-hours: 3.6
review: I'd love to describe what I liked about this game, but I really can't since it's been more than two days and I can't even play the stupid thing past "Grand Theft Auto V has exited unexpectedly...." Rockstar has completely ignored my help ticket and hasn't even released a statement acknowledging that they recognize the issue, let alone are working to fix it. I've tried every reasonable and crackpot fix to be found short of fully reformatting and reinstalling my OS--which I'm unwilling to do to play a single game. Worse yet, these are all user-generated fixes because, and I can only assume this is true, Rockstar is too busy pointing at a bunch of suckers (i.e. their customers) and dying of laughter (read: choking on our money) to take ten minutes to draft a form post. It's not as if I'm the only one with this problem: given the number of complaints and help requests I've seen on reddit, Rockstar support forums and around the various "fix" websites I'm reasonably sure a fair number of gamers are experiencing the same exact issue. I'm going to let it reinstall a third time overnight, but I'm leaning heavily towards asking for a refund. Out of ten friends (including me) on steam who have this game, I'm the only one with this issue, but if you ask me a 1-in-10 chance of not having your game work is too high.
game-hours: 30.2
review: Best game in PC gaming history! 10000000/10!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 27.0
review: Baught the game for 100$AUD rediculous spent the entire weekend wasting 60GB of internet played it for one day and the next day it broke and I refuse to redownload it. Waste of money last time I buy a game for over 20$.
game-hours: 34.8
review: This game is complete ! After 4 months of Rockstar pushing back the release date, they finally released it and it has so many problems with it. For first off, I can't even play the game because it won't even load when I hit play! Get your game together
game-hours: 1.2
review: Install the game Ready to play Rockstar say:put the code I put the code and says Code already Used Now i am like Seriously Bro -_- Report Valve Report Rockstar
game-hours: 44.8
review: Right so this wont be a review of the content of the game but whether or not to buy it in its current state since we all know the game  rainbows anyway. I am not reccomending this game on the PC for the sole purpose of it having optimization issues I call it the stutter essentially whenever I run the game It could run fine for 30-mins or 1 minutes or for an hour its completly random but then the game has these stuttering fits almost like trying to start up a brocken down car and it works for 10 minutes at a time. Just for anybody who is looking at this and about to type well maybe its your computer specs these are my specs- gtx660ti 8gb ram i5-2310 and 5981mb left for page file use. My setup is almost identical to that of the reccomended specs on the front page of the game if that doesn't give you warning whistles you might want to consolt your local cautious pharmasist. The stutter problem gets worse the more you play I have also searched it up online and it seems alot of players are having the same issue don't buy this game right now use your head like I didn't and wait until the game is more polished I say 5 or six patches have a good day everyone.
game-hours: 118.7
review: In spite of everything, is the best game today. 7/10 I like the fact of being able to smoke cigarette, hit a bong and drink alcohol, if and when I want. Managing three protagonists, sucks, this causes the player does not identify himself as the protagonist and main character. Unlock things only near the end of game has no sense, after all, when the game ends you don't need anything, things are necessary only during the game. In the story mode can't customizing the character sucks. Rockstar needs to improve on the faces of the characters. The online character customization sucks and is very limited, customization of vehicles is also very limited. Lack the full nudity of hookers in private dances. In some cases is required the perfection and extreme precision of movements, this is extremely hard or near impossible with keyboard and mouse. The drivability of the helicopters sucks with keyboard. The loss of focus introduced by rockstar in games nowadays, drivability of the helicopters and drivability of military aircraft in online races and in online flight school, makes me angry. Was an absurd show the toughest guy of the GTA series Johnny Klebtz as a crybaby and a weakling and show the leadership of The Lost and Damned as weaklings and cowards, this contradicts totally the episodes from liberty city. PS: This game is not for casual players. Fun fact: You can choose Niko Bellic as your father for online game.
game-hours: 52.6
review: absolutely 0 issues with the game. No crashing, no lag, no stuttering, solid performance and so on. It's an awesome game.
game-hours: 40.9
review: 10/10 for stable launch alone
game-hours: 64.1
review: Due to consistent crashes, issues that break the game, horrid rockstar support, and the fact that your entire garage and character can just disappear and rockstar won't say a thing, I would highly reccommend not buying this game until they publically fix these issues.
game-hours: 57.1
review: Game destroyed my main PC 10/10
game-hours: 1.8
review: Because Rockstar is so concerned about pirates playing their game it's made it so that even though I've bought the game I can't play it. Their support is very very limited and staff members don't get back to you. If they're going to have online authentication there should be 24/7 chat support to help with any issue. Edit - Just found out that a bunch of their accounts got hacked. Yay for leaked passwords and emails. Now my account is locked out. Yay I just paid $60 for a game I can't play.
game-hours: 2.3
review: Man I'd love to be able to play this game, but, it seems like AAA game DEVs can't put out a title for the PC without it being ed for nearly a month. I, like a lot of other people have been dealing with crashing, constantly. Hell, I have only been able to play this game for 5 minutes before it crashed and blue screened my computer. If you are looking to buy this game now, don't, wait at least two months and allow it to be patched then get it.
game-hours: 18.5
review: It's pretty good. All it needs now is the Princess Elsa stripper mod from GTA IV and it'll be a solid 10/10
game-hours: 36.2
review: You all know its good :)
game-hours: 1.4
review: fitst i press play on steam gta 5 and then i enter the social club and then i enter my user and it says to get linked , i get linked anthen what it dosent give me nothing where i can use the cd key and stufff
game-hours: 0.6
review: Utter ! If you have a laptop that runs Intel API with AMD GPU, DO NOT BUY! GTA V will not run on intel CPU and AMD GPU on laptops at the moment, Rockstar refuses to answer the thousands of people waiting for a fix, and it does not look like the fix is coming any time soon.
game-hours: 74.8
review: i know the weak point of my Computer and its my 1gb AMD card. but even on "minimum" seetings, Wich is all "normal" settings i get maybe 25 minute of Smooth Game time before the frame rate just  itself. Near the verge of Crashing down to 10 frames a second, Reqomended is a AMD 7850 2gb my card is a AMD 7770 1gb, id ing things only 1 gen behind and a gb of V ram would Last more then 20 minutes and my friend gets even less game time 5 minutes with a 2gb 650 TI Nvidia before it crashes. this game is poorly optimized or it ing hates every Card thats not SLI GTX 980's or R9 290x's even Total Biscut with his dual 980's has frame rate issues. R* ing fix this
game-hours: 1.0
review: Wait for it to go on sale, maybe R* would actually fix it by then. But then again thats hoping too much since they delayed it 6 months in the first place to make sure everything worked "right"
game-hours: 8.2
review: the game is great lots of fun and so much to do but who ever made controls for pc i hope to god they are found dead in a ditch covered in cigarette burns next to who ever made the pc ui this game could have been much better if you gave away free controller with evey pc copy well lets face it the game is very good but massively over priced
game-hours: 62.0
review: It's Aight ~
game-hours: 42.0
review: Online mode is nothing but getting killed repeatedly by people who don't want you to enjoy online mode, or waiting in load screens for instanced missions/heists. Most content is limited by level, weakening the experience as you get slaughtered by those who have unlocked high-level guns, armored cars, gunships, and tanks. Story mode is linear, simplistic, and repetitive. Characters lack depth, and one in particular is simply offensive. Overall, vehicular and gun play is clunky, and you can tell this is ported from a console. The game looks great and it runs well, but it better after a year and a half of development on what was already a finished product.
game-hours: 12.7
review: can call stripers to your house online 1/1 IGN would rate again
game-hours: 40.3
review: Wait until they fix the numerous online issues. -Crashes -Server Dc's -Instability -Loading Screen connection issues Fantastic game and amazing to play with Friends but can't honestly Recommend this game if your looking for the multiplayer experience. If your looking to this game for its single player experience however, go right ahead, but bear in mind the numerous problems that the online experience currently has
game-hours: 25.9
review: GTA V was my most craved game of 2015. Every delay even further made me want it more and ensured me Rockstar was going to give us a fully-optimised product here. Yeah, this game works for a lot of people, hence the dominant recommended reviews, but for me: no. This game crashes all the flippin time. I'm running an R9 290, i5 w/ 16GB RAM. I'm above rec. specs and this game crashes like there is no tomorrow, even after it's 2 updates. I don't have all of the graphic settings turned on and many of them are lower than the highest setting available and it'll still crash like crazy. Sometimes it crashes after 10 min of play, sometimes 1 hr. Sometimes driving, sometimes walking, sometimes in a mission, sometimes just standing there. I have found, however, that the lower the graphical settings are the less the game crashes. But man the lowest settings look almost worse than the PS3/360 version of the game. I don't have a $1,200 computer to deal with that. It's just not worth it. Please, Rockstar, patch this puppy up. I can't enjoy it. Don't ditch us.
game-hours: 18.5
review: It's pretty good. All it needs now is the Princess Elsa stripper mod from GTA IV and it'll be a solid 10/10
game-hours: 40.9
review: 10/10 for stable launch alone
game-hours: 64.1
review: Due to consistent crashes, issues that break the game, horrid rockstar support, and the fact that your entire garage and character can just disappear and rockstar won't say a thing, I would highly reccommend not buying this game until they publically fix these issues.
game-hours: 1.8
review: Because Rockstar is so concerned about pirates playing their game it's made it so that even though I've bought the game I can't play it. Their support is very very limited and staff members don't get back to you. If they're going to have online authentication there should be 24/7 chat support to help with any issue. Edit - Just found out that a bunch of their accounts got hacked. Yay for leaked passwords and emails. Now my account is locked out. Yay I just paid $60 for a game I can't play.
game-hours: 2.3
review: Man I'd love to be able to play this game, but, it seems like AAA game DEVs can't put out a title for the PC without it being ed for nearly a month. I, like a lot of other people have been dealing with crashing, constantly. Hell, I have only been able to play this game for 5 minutes before it crashed and blue screened my computer. If you are looking to buy this game now, don't, wait at least two months and allow it to be patched then get it.
game-hours: 0.2
review: You had your chance
game-hours: 0.9
review: -5/10 this is such a fail, I had bought this in febuary expecting all this hype and how good it was on ps3 to live up to it... then it 'relesed'. Having the rockstar social hub thing as a mandatory for both multiplayer and single is 1t as most people can't play because of it and they relesed a more broken pice of crap then grass sim or goat sim but hey, want to stare and a scocial hub loading? be my guest pay 40 for this 'game'..... I stand by this even when it's fixed as they should of gitten gud and had bata testors or somthing
game-hours: 0.5
review: Its been 6 days since i cannot play due to Steam being linked to another Rockstar account; Support never replied me back so i wasted 49.99$.
game-hours: 2.1
review: shelled out 60 dollars for this game and it wont even play no matter what i do and heaven forbid there be a live person to talk to. I am now out 60 bucks for a game i cant even play.
game-hours: 53.4
review: Don't buy it yet. Too many bugs: crashes infinite loading screen etc. Wait till its on sale and has been patched properly.
game-hours: 45.9
review: what the actual  is wrong with the Devs, still no fix for launcher crash, tried everything, this is great game but your bringing down the vibe. pull you fingers out of your asses and fix the ING GAME. 8/10 story, 8/10 multiplayer.
game-hours: 53.4
review: Don't buy it yet. Too many bugs: crashes infinite loading screen etc. Wait till its on sale and has been patched properly.
game-hours: 7.2
review: It is fun to play it but after weeks it gets too boring... Still agood game to play with friends and kill time
game-hours: 0.3
review: Console s be making horrible reviews for PC. Because they don't even know how to use Social Club or make it work perfectly LOL I laugh at these console peasants because they are horrible, some even think "it's the game" When their PC itself has horrible specs and they still blame the game, Blame yourself , stop making  reviews about the game if you PC can't handle the game for , I ran the game just fine, and social club works smoothly, you're either dreaming or idk what, Either way, don't listen to console peasants in the negative reviews, GTA V PC works perfectly, only those who has horrible  PC can't run for , and they blame the game instead of their virus filled PC. If anything, You're the one to blame..
game-hours: 40.4
review: ily
game-hours: 20.5
review: The ultimate sandbox game of 2013, 2014 now on the PC.
game-hours: 63.4
review: Loading Simulator 2015
game-hours: 27.0
review: Baught the game for 100$AUD rediculous spent the entire weekend wasting 60GB of internet played it for one day and the next day it broke and I refuse to redownload it. Waste of money last time I buy a game for over 20$.
game-hours: 34.8
review: This game is complete ! After 4 months of Rockstar pushing back the release date, they finally released it and it has so many problems with it. For first off, I can't even play the game because it won't even load when I hit play! Get your game together
game-hours: 1.2
review: Install the game Ready to play Rockstar say:put the code I put the code and says Code already Used Now i am like Seriously Bro -_- Report Valve Report Rockstar
game-hours: 44.8
review: Right so this wont be a review of the content of the game but whether or not to buy it in its current state since we all know the game  rainbows anyway. I am not reccomending this game on the PC for the sole purpose of it having optimization issues I call it the stutter essentially whenever I run the game It could run fine for 30-mins or 1 minutes or for an hour its completly random but then the game has these stuttering fits almost like trying to start up a brocken down car and it works for 10 minutes at a time. Just for anybody who is looking at this and about to type well maybe its your computer specs these are my specs- gtx660ti 8gb ram i5-2310 and 5981mb left for page file use. My setup is almost identical to that of the reccomended specs on the front page of the game if that doesn't give you warning whistles you might want to consolt your local cautious pharmasist. The stutter problem gets worse the more you play I have also searched it up online and it seems alot of players are having the same issue don't buy this game right now use your head like I didn't and wait until the game is more polished I say 5 or six patches have a good day everyone.
game-hours: 62.3
review: Game is extremely buggy. Audio gets choppy randomly, visual glitches on certain weather effects and time of day, camera randomly gets stuck on last team standing, game crashes after a while on a certain pilot school mission. I highly suggest waiting to purchase until they start patching.
game-hours: 27.4
review: Tons of content in this game. You could spend hours of time exploring the detailed Los Santos or you could invest in the fully functional mini games. You could EVEN (once again) spend hours just watching (very funny) TV stations. The campaign is excellent with only a few bad missions. I played this back on the PS3 and recall it taking me more than 40 hours just to do the main missions. A very cynical parody/exaggeration of modern life and culture. Taking the game literally you will easily get offended, but the game essentially channels the style of a Tarantino film. If you have played the game before then you know it is worth replaying. Never played? This game comes with my full recommendation.
game-hours: 77.2
review: You're all disgusting psychopaths.
game-hours: 8.3
review: Edit: Stutter lag returns when loading large/new areas or opening doors to stores. Altering any model/environment causes huge freeze lag. For example, I run at perfect fps, punch someone with a hat, and then freeze for 3 seconds while the game calculates how to handle separating the hat from the avatar. GG. Opening doors in stores, I see black voids where the environment has not loaded in yet and then the game freezes. I swerve into a gas station to dodge someone trying to run into me into a gas station. Game freezes for 3 seconds to calculate making the gas station explode to kill me. GG. Game's still as boring as ever as free roam player vs player kill on sight and mini games. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Opinion heavily influenced by poor optimization issues causing clunky input delay and fps lag after several minutes of gameplay (FPS is perfect when game is first started). This machine is just above RECOMMENDED specs based on "Can You Run It". People with only minimum requirements met should not consider this game. Stutter lag problems. lots of people have them. You can google it or youtube it and see how much of a headache you'll have. Have to jump through hoops to maybe work for you. Not actually much to do online unless you're messing with your friends or other people. But then again, I've been spending most of my time trying to fix the fps stuttering. Working to try to fix it for myself, but recommended specs (according to Can You Run It) resulted in crappy performance...so be wary. At this point cannot recommend, might change the review if any fix actually works. Edit: Stutter lag problems fixed by adding GTA launcher, GTA executable to nvidia control panel and following some guide online to reduce usage of the launcher and maximizing usage for GTA executable through that control panel. Also deleted process WMPNetworkSvc since GTA 5 supports custom music; (WMP might be expanded out as Windows Media Player) may be named slightly differently like mine was. Also run GTA from a batch file from a guide on fixing GTA 5 pc stuttering fixes on youtube. It reduces priorities on other rockstar applications that launch and maximizes priority on GTA game itself. All of these had slight improvements to performance until it was fixed. Now runs at steady FPS at full speed in a car, plane, and boat. I did not have NvStreamSvc that some ppl had stutter lag from. Edit: This is my first experience with the GTA series and the game type in general. Joining a gametype outside of free roam more than halves steady fps. Don't see the attraction with a lot of mini games and free roam killing outside of messing with other people or playing with friends. Unless grinding stats and money GTA is your thing... Almost no anonymous player to player interaction other than killing each other on sight and grinding missions in complete silence. The best part about the game are the funny moments when the game glitches or someone does some dumb stuff with their characters. I'd rather watch funny youtube videos of this game rather than play it myself. Edit: Heavy steady FPS drop after several minutes to an hour of gameplay and stutter lag starts returning though never as bad as before I made tweaks (unplayable then). I bought into the hype. You should only get this game if you like these types of games. Definitely not guaranteed to be fun for more hours than any other decent game on steam espcially if you're playing this without friends. Pros: -Game's funny. <--- main point of everyone's 1-line reviews. -Haven't met anyone using illegal programs to enhance their gameplay. Cons: -Not optimized for many systems. -May require you to spend several hours outside of game to fix issues (such as stuttering). -GTA 5 online is composed of only mini games and Free Roam Killing. -Free roam doesn't reward you with anything at all compared to the missions and mini games. -No decent anonymous player to player interaction --+Players play in silence during mini games to grind exp and money. --+People always kill each other on sight as far as I've seen as the only other player interaction. -Character clothing customization is very limited. --+Same/similar model shirts/pants/shoes, different colors/picture designs to create the illusion of high variety of customization. -No weapon customization aside from making clip size bigger and slapping on a silencer for the most part. -Sometimes get placed into empty lobbies when there are private lobbies available if we want to play with only friends causing people to go through at least 2 long loading screens to find a populated lobby (not guaranteed to be placed into a populated one when choosing to search for another lobby). -Long loading times are long when going back into free roam. -The funny moments are rare and very short lived. -Overhyped and let down by what's available and the way the player interaction is set up. -Costs 60 dollars. -Game's too similar to the free failed game APB online (without the cheaters). Will only give this game another try if I see any attempts at fixing these poor optimization issues. Or if a friend wants to play. Haven't been this bored in a hyped game since Divinity: Original Sin.
game-hours: 70.4
review: This  is bork
game-hours: 24.4
review: When I try to shoot out of a vehicle when on a mission the game crashes. When I try to switch characters when on a mission the game crashes. So basically I am now stuck and cannot progress past any mission which requires you to switch characters. I use both the Controller and Keyboard & mouse. Pls patch. (Edit) found a fix for this, thanks to Mechman.
game-hours: 2.9
review: Great game. Already enjoyed it on the PS3, but it simply won't launch on my computer - despite great specs. Alleged fixes and workarounds didn't help either. Seems to be an issue with Social Club and obviously there are thousands of other players, who suffer from the exact same problem. Almost 3 days have passed and there hasn't even been a single statement issued by Rockstar. Insolence level: Ubisoft/10 (Review will be edited as soon as Rockstar get their s**t together.)
game-hours: 47.4
review: crashes evertime u finish the first hesit setup after droping lecster off at your crip sort it out steam or give me a full refund its not working same old story with steam crash blank screen crash my pc should easily handle this game
game-hours: 12.8
review: Had fun with what little I was able to play the online mode. Not going to recommend this game due to its poor support and time wasted by me troubleshooting unknown errors that did not lead to being able to play this game. Downloaded the game, was fast 59gigs~. 1 to 1-1/2 hrs tops Installed and started the game. No issues at first through the story requirement portion. Once I obtained access to online play, the entire game has gone belly up. Upon starting the game: 14x it's not made it past the loading screens, 10x it's crashed mid game, 18x it's crashed randomly. Ive tried everything from rechecking my drivers are current, Automatically manage paging file size adjustment, DX10/DX10.1 toggling msaa, setting all gfx settings to the very lowest, R* create a second user profile with basic characters, restarts, and closing the launcher once the game is open. I run a i3 4630 3.6GHz, 8gb ram, r9 270x... Which are all above the mark for running this game. I suggest steering clear overall due to R* poor release of this game.
game-hours: 2.0
review: Honestly, I was so excited at first when the Pre-Order for GTA V went up, I purchased it in a heartbeat. And I jumped on as soon as I could to get it. The campaign is kind of glitchy, and online is absolute . I can't even get past the tutorial without my computer crashing. How long has it been since it came out for Xbox? A year and a half? I would have rather waited longer for a game that actually works than what I've gotten now. If you're thinking of buying it, wait for the fixes first.
game-hours: 51.2
review: BEST GAME EVER ITS WORTE 60$ BUT THERE IS SOME FIXS THAT STEAM NEED TO TO. 9/10
game-hours: 62.9
review: *Me shopping in the clothes store online* *Random spanish guy talking on mic* *Other random guy on mic* - "Shut the  up you ing spic." *Me laughing for about 5 minutes straight like an idiot.* God, I ing love this game.
game-hours: 25.3
review: When i launch the game, its says I'm playing then nothing happens and I'm suddenly not playing. No word from Rockstar about a patch and none of the community fixes worked for me. I wouldn't purchase GTA V until Rockstar makes an official statement. Although, from what I've seen on streams the game looks and runs great but the launch issues overshadow the good.
game-hours: 59.0
review: Loads of crashing whenever playing online, like loads of other players. Guess the delays were for nothing.
game-hours: 41.5
review: Loaded up the game onto multiplayer, loaded, loaded, loaded, loaded, found a lobby with friends, drove around with them doing all the shenanigans most players get up to on GTA, then everyone "left" the lobby. I was then disconnected and sent to single player where I got to then listen to Michael's persaonl life problems. Pause. go to GTA online, loading, loading, loading. Rince repeat. I think the game will be fun once Rockstar fixes these server issues a select number of us have to endure. but till then i wouldnt recommend the game for multiplayer.
game-hours: 7.8
review: Review for GTA V Online from programmer and game designer perspective. - GTA V Online feels just as crappy as a singleplayer with simple networking slapped on top of it. Nothing technically amazing with a sloppy game design. - Loading screen and lobby waiting problems are much worse than in Left4Dead2. - Your are forced to connect to "open world" and spawn in it every time you want to join a lobby, what takes a lot of time. - There is no "open world", but only separate world instances with only up to 32 players. - Bad community. Everybody loves steamrolling noobs who don't know about "Enter Passive mode" button. Why it isn't enabled by default for new players ? - Learning curve, you will need somebody to hold your hand when you just start playing. - Barely achieves high fps and playable game smoothness on notebooks with GT 750m videocard. Verdict: Kinda nice game to play when you've got nothing else to do. But I do not recommend playing it online alone without friends. If you are buying it just for Online features - it's not worth the money.
game-hours: 36.0
review: worth every cent of those cs skins i've sold for it! :)) I really really love this game, basically you can do anything, even going to the " ladys " :)) like in real life, you just need money! Online is awesome also! I can play counter strike if i want ... or i can race and feel like playing nfs ! :) what else do you want from a game ? + a cool story line .... definetly would buy it again and again! 100/10 :D thanks rockstar! best game this year :)
game-hours: 21.2
review: Killing hookers is fun.
game-hours: 7.4
review: I was thinking that you will need to have a better PC , but when I bought it my mind changed. The game requires not too much and not too a lot of your memory and speed etc etc. Buy the game you will be very happy , many heists , interseting things.
game-hours: 1.8
review: Been a week since the launch. Still can't play it [SCUI LOAD FAILED]. No reply from the support team. Rock Star sure knows how to ruin its reputation
game-hours: 51.2
review: The game overall is good BUT My game stutters like crazy. The 1.01 patch was supposed to fix this, but only made it worse and entirely unplayable as of 4/20/2015. This is unacceptable from Rockstar since alot of people have been having this issue. There is no fix for the stuttering as of yet. GTAV uses alot of CPU and Ram for some reason. Rockstar support hasn't responded when i put my problem in on the 15th of April. This issue isn't due to my system due to the fact that I get more than 70fps when I don't stutter. I've tried running at the lowest setting, but it changes nothing. Rockstar needs to fix the bugs that this game causes for people, it is just unaccpetable.
game-hours: 55.6
review: This game has serious potential, but it was deliberately  upon by Rockstar. The quality of the port is mostly good, unlike GTA IV, but unfortunately thats all they did right. Rockstar intentionally made online mode a grind-fest that rivals some of the worst MMO's. They intentionally bottlenecked your income so that you would buy in-game currency from the Rockstar Store. For most players, if you do not buy in-game currency, you will never obtain even 10% of what is offered online. So essentially I paid 60 dollars to experience 10% of online mode. At this point they expect you to pay extra money to experience the remaning 90%. Many of the vehicles are overpowered as well, and inaccessible unless you play the game everyday like a job, or cave in and pay money to Rockstar. That is unacceptable. Pay2Win is something you expect from garbage-tier free-to-play games, not a 60 dollar "AAA" title. One of the cars is even bullet-proof, AND you can shoot out of it! It makes zero sense, players can actually shoot through the armor-plating while remaining invulnerable to bullets. This means you have to spend even more money on explosives to take them out. Now heres the kicker. You spent ~1500 for one sticky bomb, and assuming you land it on their car during a fight, you have to pay 7 GRAND TO REIMBURSE THE PLAYER FOR THEIR CAR! So if some  is driving up to you and shooting you in free-roam for no reason, you have to pay extra money to dispose of them, and it costs them nothing. This is a ing joke. If you absolutely must buy this game because you want to experience Single Player, which is the only good part of the game, wait for a sale. Also, DO NOT spend money on the micro transactions and reward Rockstar for their . Gaming is being ruined because gamers support this kind of . I regret buying the game for sure, live and learn I guess.
game-hours: 8.9
review: I really love how I dropped sixty dollars on this game and downloaded the whole 59 gigabytes for days and at the end of the day when I launch this game I have to log in to the ing Rockstar Social Club. Yes that's right, you drop cash on this and the entire game is stored locally on your disk and you need to get an authentication from Rockstar to launch it. No offline mode. There isn't even a hash of your last log in which would serve as authentication. Great game but this ubsurdity ruins it.
game-hours: 59.3
review: Bought this game for myself and 2 friends. 420/69 I r8 8/8 m8
game-hours: 2.9
review: this game is ing gay i pay 70$ for it and i cant play its been a week
game-hours: 1.3
review: Bought a game I can't even play -10/10
game-hours: 42.9
review: First of all I sant to clarify that I haven't played the game because I've got all the imaginable errors that a game could have. It seems that the game wasn't tested on laptops with two GPU (Brilliant Rockstar) and there is a BIG problem with linking and unlinking Steam-Social Club accounts. The customer service it's just awful and unacceptable. Say again: This is not a review about the game, it's about the company, the port and the errors nightmare.
game-hours: 26.7
review: If you are planning to play this offline single player because of inconsistant web acces, or, for whatever reason DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.. an internet connection is required to start single player offline.
game-hours: 87.4
review: Well, what can I say, I looked forward to this one, I really did. It wasn't to play the game in 4k, and I dont care THAT much for 60 fps, but being a person who does not and refuses to ever own a console, I just really felt like playing in a map that isn't Liberty City. But hey, guess around 3 years of waiting just wasn't enough to secure a stable launch for all people who bought the game, like myself, who preloaded and is now experiencing a crash on the Social Club Launcher. Great, was bad enough that my account got charged twice for this game for no apparent reason, but to have the game not even work on launch? Well I mean I'd expect that from EA, not Rockstar, even if I could just play offline for the time being, that'd be great. You'd think that logging into a different account service wouldn't be nessecary for an offline mode but hey, whatever you gotta do rockstar. I'm going to sleep now, and if I wake up and this issue is not fixed, it'd probably be the last time I buy any game before the reviews are in, and if any review that comes out for a game in the future is liek the one I'm typing now, then I'd suggest you be damn sure not to make that game. 0.7/10 ~ Too Much "Grand Theft Auto V Launcher has Stopped Working"
game-hours: 28.0
review: Not recommended untill this 2 year in "development" "masterpiece" works.
game-hours: 27.7
review: PS4 And Xbone guys, i smell the jealousy in the air of our glorious and superior version of GTA
game-hours: 1.3
review: The game simply won't run. It's a bugs nightmare. Even if you do manage to make it run, it will probably crash many times.
game-hours: 12.7
review: I do not recommend this game for mulitiple reasons that I have experienced. The first problem that I had to deal with was the game kept crashing before I even got in, but after looking on youtube for help I solved the problem. So I get to the game and play single player. First mission runs smooth for 5 min then goes to al hell. The lag was real. I decided " Hey why not try online." I have a friend who also got this game. Turns out you cant play with friends unless you use you social club account to find them. Joining their game throught steam just sends you both to random servers. So we finally got into the online game and It hit me like a train full of rhinos. There was nothing to do! There are tons of boring tedious tasks or you could buy a house and watch fake T.V. (the anime show was.... Interesting) You can drive around and kill civilians but, there is little to make your own fun with. There are enviroment related things to do, the only fun mission like things are the heists. Which you need a group of friend s all together at the same time to enjoy. In conclusion unless the bugs are fixed and the content is updated then I would not buy. Thank you for reading my thought and remember that these are my opinions.
game-hours: 78.2
review: Still doesnt work after almost 3 days.  support
game-hours: 16.8
review: Does not run. The DRM included (Social Club) crashes. None of the fixes offered by Rockstar help. Rockstar has not been responding to their trouble tickets / requires a Social Club account to keep track of the tickets [let me text you the location of your phone]. Rockstar has not acknowledged this issue for the entire first week despite legions of people pleading for a fix / answer. Don't waste your money until they get it fixed
game-hours: 70.6
review: Game is broken. The amount of bugs and manual fixes required to play 15 mins just to have it crash when system specs are 16GB ram, 750 HDD and 250 SSD with a NVIDIA 780 are just dumb... Expected better after waiting 1.5 years for a game to come out on this platform.
game-hours: 28.2
review: How can you pospone a game for so long and release it with so obvious crashes? You're not winning my review back when it's fixed.
game-hours: 1.2
review: Game launched 4 days ago and still unable to play. Launcher crashes before game even starts, and game support consists of faulty report forms where you cant make tickets within the PC category, and making tickets with blank category takes 2 days to get an unhelpful answer saying "the latest patch should've fixed it, if not, uninstall latest patch and reapply it" only it hasn't fixed my issue, and noone knows how to uninstall a patch on steam and reapply, unless you want to re-download 60GB of game content.. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME YET. Wait for Rockstar Games to iron out the bugs that seem to infest all new releases these days
game-hours: 5.6
review: A solid port, not much better than console version but run smoothly ... as long as you dont mind Rockstar's ing social club. Nothing more exhilarating than twisting your thumbs while staring at the loading screen for hours since the game cant load past SC's authen check. On gameplay: Single is ok, as expected of a GTA game. Multi is okayish but somewhat misleading. The famous open world GTA is known for is no more than a glorified lobby, every match brings you to a separate match instance. Nothing new since the game is already 2 years old but if you are like me who didnt bother reading up on the game before purchasing, its something to reconsider. TL;DR: tic tin th ng mua, crack m i cho c vic. update: third day in, and the game still refuses to load past the initial loading screen. This pile of shiet is officially the worst purchase in my collection after Rome II total war. If you can, dont buy it, but pirate it. A port is still a ing port.
game-hours: 4.7
review: How do I refund this game?
game-hours: 4.7
review: How do I refund this game?
game-hours: 38.9
review: As of now the game does not work for me.
game-hours: 26.3
review: So I actually bought Social Club instead of the game.
game-hours: 38.7
review: Unable to play. I anticipated this game for a long time and as soon as I get it, it doesnt work. I launch social club and the loading symbol shows. After about 5 seconds it goes away and I'm left with an inresponsive Social club launcher with the GTA5 cover art on it. I payed 60 dollars for an unpayable game.  you, Rockstar.
game-hours: 9.2
review: So basically i paid 60 euro for an error msg. Or i am in a paralell universe where this is an Ubisoft game...
game-hours: 56.3
review: eww Social Club
game-hours: 59.3
review: Im running the game with a GTX970, AMD FX-8350 Eight-Core Processor with 8 gigs of RAM.. and this game crashes out after a couple minutes of playing even if I set it to the games "SAFE MODE" which puts the graphics as low as they can go, or at least looks that way, looked like I was playing a Playstation 1 game and I'm still crashing because "Im running low on memory". Everytime I get hyped about this game I get kicked down.
game-hours: 20.9
review: Rockstar can go  themselves. 14hours of troubleshooting. 2 years of waiting.
game-hours: 106.1
review: Has tons of issues and for many thousands of people, myself included, it is completely non functional. (This is NOT due to the Windows Account error Steam mentions). This is another case of a single player game requiring login. Servers don't work, you can't play single player OR online. Game keeps crashing and won't launch the launcher. Rockstar may have improved framerate but the game is still broken. Don't buy yet.
game-hours: 35.1
review: Rockstar can suck my , absolutely no support for those who cannot play the game because of their  perma link to steam accounts... so if you bought the game on a different account not activated to steam rockstar will take outs its big willy and shuv it down your throat and make you wait 1 month to answer a ticket that will probably not help. Because giving the power of unlinking your steam account to the customer is too much to handle and would give them a god complex.  YOU, ruined my day/week.
game-hours: 35.1
review: Rockstar can suck my , absolutely no support for those who cannot play the game because of their  perma link to steam accounts... so if you bought the game on a different account not activated to steam rockstar will take outs its big willy and shuv it down your throat and make you wait 1 month to answer a ticket that will probably not help. Because giving the power of unlinking your steam account to the customer is too much to handle and would give them a god complex.  YOU, ruined my day/week.
game-hours: 34.8
review: THIS GAME!
game-hours: 4.6
review: BEST CRASH (STOPPED WORKING) simulator ever. 11/10 - would CRASH again. i was waiting for king 2 Years .. then thats what happend... *waiting for the new patch* WP Rockstar.
game-hours: 0.2
review: Two days (Or two years) trying to get this working and nothing. No username issue, missing .exe files, won't launch at all. Get it in the Steam Summer Sale and then wait another 6 months for it to be worth it. But, hey, at least it'll be a half price wait.
game-hours: 27.2
review: Game does not launch!!
game-hours: 25.7
review: . Terrible launch.
game-hours: 44.7
review: I'll leave this negative until I get a fix. Doesn't start my game, just keep pressing retry button and nothing happens.
game-hours: 6.2
review: Usless crap, huge premiere and NOTHING IS WORKING!!!
game-hours: 65.8
review: GTA Online has terrible consistancy errors and terribly  networking problems that cause both PVP and Coop to be extremely unrealible, glitchy, and downright unfun to play due to the inconsistancy between damage to you, damage to enemies, vehicles materializing infront of you, or taking instantly teleporting 90 degree turns. The single player is "Ok", Nothing spectacular, But the multiplayer, The one thing that rockstar should have learned how to do by now considering max payne 3's online was a complete ing joke, and GTA 4's online was fairly ok and fun.
game-hours: 2.4
review: Horrible, horrible port. I meet recommended requirements (except the 8GB ram part - I have 4GB), and the game is barely playable. Scratch that, after the prologue it's unplayable, with all its stutters and graphical glitches, even on minimum settings. I can't recommend the game as it is (day one), and it's beyond me how Rockstar managed to release such a crappy product, even after all the delays.
game-hours: 2.4
review: Horrible, horrible port. I meet recommended requirements (except the 8GB ram part - I have 4GB), and the game is barely playable. Scratch that, after the prologue it's unplayable, with all its stutters and graphical glitches, even on minimum settings. I can't recommend the game as it is (day one), and it's beyond me how Rockstar managed to release such a crappy product, even after all the delays.
game-hours: 48.5
review: wtf the game dont work how tf do i rate it lol
game-hours: 40.5
review: This game is like hiring a homeless man to take your children and drown them while you lather yourself in cement. Doesnt work dont buy.
game-hours: 74.7
review: Cann't even launch into the game. 0/10. F**k the Social Club.  Don't buy this sh*t. If you want to play it , buy an Xone or PS4, or just wait for the crack.
game-hours: 42.9
review: i can't play, stuck at launcher. i see my task manager. after i click play game, the launcher came out, and seconds later it disappear and the game didn't start. please help
game-hours: 18.2
review: Not sure if the world simply not existing after an hour of loading, freezing when I go too fast, freezing for no reason and floating cats is my computer's fault or Rockstar releasing a mess of a game.
game-hours: 63.2
review: BAD GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! TOO MANY BUGS & ALWAYS CRASH WASTE ALL NIGHT IN ROB 3 BECAUSE GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK GAME STOP WORK
game-hours: 50.7
review: Main Contain Cussing and Peanuts (I am eatting chocloate almonds atm) I have like 4hrs on record for this game, on PC. Now its not what you think, these were not 4 hours of joy of the game or hate for the game, but frustration for this game's choice of using Social Club to launch the god damn game. Asking rockstar for support has left me at a wait of 2 days leading onto 3 days, running into an error many other people are getting which is "Social Club UI has stopped working" listing that it was an "appcrash" and "FIXES" said that i needed Windows service pack 1 to get the game to work WELL MAYBE ALL THESE OTHER GAMES WITH ERRORS I'VE HAD BEFORE NEED SERVICE PACK 1 FOR VISTA NO  I NEED SERVICE PACK 1 FOR WINDOWS 7, WHY WOULD I NOT HAVE IT TO BEGIN WITH! EVERY ING GAME REQUIRED WINDOWS SERVICE PACK 1 TO FIX IT. So I went ahead to reinstall windows 7 service pack 1 and GTA V and social club and steam and rebooted my computer and un-installed everything again and manually installed the game again and did the service pack thing again and re-installed windows and tried every single possible "error fix" there was to do from rockstar support. THE GAME STILL TELLS ME AS SOON AS I CLICK PLAY ING "SOCIAL CLUB UI HAS STOPPED WORKING" AND THEN IT TAUNTS ME WITH THIS ING LOADING AND THIS GOD DAMN CIRCLE THAT HAS LITTERALLY SPUN ON MY COMPUTER SCREEN FOR 4 ING HOURS 4 ING HOURS NOT 3.9 not 4.1 BUT 4 ING HOURS I'VE BOUGHT THIS GAME WEEKS AGO WAITED FOR THE DELAYS AND DELAYS AND DELAYS FOR THIS GAME TO TELL ME THAT SOCIAL CLUB UI HAS STOPPED WORKING AND THAT MEANS THIS GAME I BOUGHT IS BASICALLY DEEMED USELESS UNTIL ROCKSTAR DECIDES THAT THE PEOPLE WITH THIS ING ERROR ARE PAYING ING CUSTOMERS THAT JUST WANT TO PLAY THE GAME INSTEAD OF LISTEN TO THEIR ING FRIENDS PLAY AND ASK ME TO "HURRY THE  UP AND FIX YOUR GAME SO WE CAN PLAY" AND ALSO WATCH THE INTERNET EXPLODE ABOUT HOW NICE THIS GAME IS ON MAXED OUT GRAPHICS AND SEE THESE STREAMERS ENJOY THIS ING GAME AND HEAR "WOW THIS GAME LOOKS AMAZING" "OMG WHY DID WE STOP PLAYING THIS GAME ITS SOO GOOD" WELL I WANT TO ING ENJOY THIS  TOO! WHY CAN'T I ENJOY THIS ING AWESOME GAME ROCKSTAR? WHY? INSTEAD I HAVE ING SOCIAL CLUB TELLING ME THAT THE UI HAS STOPPED WORKING SO I CAN'T PLAY THIS ING GAME AND WILL PROBABLY HAVE TO WAIT A WHOLE WEEK OF THIS ING HYPE FOR ROCKSTAR TO REALISE THERE ARE STILL PEOPLE OUT THERE THAT WANT TO PLAY THIS ING GAME BUT CAN'T BECAUSE WE HAVE THE SAME ING ERROR THAT IS POSSIBLY THE LAST KNOWN ING ERROR THAT ISN'T FIXED OR GIVEN A FIX BUT THERE ARE REPLYING AND FIXING PEOPLE WITH A SIMPLE PROBLEM LIKE "Hey make sure your internet is turned on before you download from steam, maybe then your game will work." WELL THERE ARE MORE IMPORTANT MATTERS THAT SOCIAL CLUB NEEDS TO BE FIXED IS RIGHT OFF THE ING BAT JUST MINUTES BEFORE RELEASE YOU HAVE AN ANNOUNCEMENT THAT SOCIAL CLUB MAY HAVE ED UP AND YOU HAVE TO CHECK THAT YOU HAVE NO SPECIAL CHARACTERS USED IN YOUR NAMING OF YOUR FILES ON YOUR COMPUTER. THATS A ING CLUE THAT SOCIAL CLUB IS ING TRASH AND EITHER NEEDS TO BE REDONE TO ACTUALLY WORK OR JUST SCRAPPED AND JUST USE STEAM OR ING DO THE SAME CRAP AS BATTLELOG AT LEAST THAT  WORKS FOR EVERYONE THAT CAN USE ANYTHING EXCEPT ING INTERNET EXPLORER. Other than that negative review, great game streamers and youtubers make it seem really nice and good hoping i can play THE ING GAME SOON. ING MOTHER .
game-hours: 23.9
review: If you have not bought this game yet dont buy it atleast for the new few weeks, as once again rockstar have Fu**ed up the launch. I hope this one comes back to bight them in the .
game-hours: 15.0
review: loading simulator
game-hours: 71.6
review: Game keeps crashing and there is no fix yet. I tried everything but nothing works. What a waste...
game-hours: 13.3
review: i dont have any strange characters in my windows name and the ing games still doesnt run!! what the !!!
game-hours: 10.6
review: Can't even start the game without it crashing. If I don't have it as my main window it will run but as soon as I switch to it, crash.
game-hours: 28.0
review: Two years and no way to enable my 360 controller fail
game-hours: 1.6
review: Press play, spinning circle, it says im in game, net moment, im not. cant get it to work. Wow rockstar, all those delays for 'polishing' sure were worth it. go  yourselves
game-hours: 32.6
review: i think i would like this game but when i try to open it steam says im playing it for 10 seconds then nothing happens i waited so long for nothing to happen thanks rock star
game-hours: 12.4
review: this game is suck, i cant even start it . it's wasting my time and my money!! fk r star
game-hours: 62.7
review: For laptop player don't buy the game until they fix the issues!! always have to disable my dedicated graphic card for access the game, then enable it back, and where is my pre order bonus? until now the game has been play few missions, i still can't claim the bonus. Always crash out from the online mode, i can't even running more than twenty minute in the online mode. please fix it!!
game-hours: 1.4
review: I have more than the recommended system requirements and the game crashes and crashes and crashes AND Guess WHAT! It Crashes
game-hours: 6.9
review: THE worst for trying to log in. The game wants a social account log in then it wants the account to be linked to another account (windows, facebook, psn etc.). then after you get it figured out it tells you that the game cannot be accessed. On top of it all you need to do this to play offline. No playing any of it if you are not logged in. Honestly Rockstar it shouldn't be this difficult. The people that suffer are the ones that pay for your games and the ones that want to pirate it will figure out a work around. They just will, they are smarter than you because theres more of them. Please stop penalyzing your paying customers.
game-hours: 23.4
review: Look, the game is great and all. But how is it that everyone else has a solution to their problems while Im stuck here with a game that doesn't load? The launcher for f'n sake works well, but when it comes to loading the main game, it does nothing but sit there no window popping up, only my cpu increasing in about 10%, and after a minute it tells me the game exited abruptly, would you like to safe mode? IVE TRIED IT ALL, IT DOES NOT HELP!
game-hours: 12.7
review: THIS STUPID GAME SAIS IN THE LUCNCHER LOADING LIKE AN HALF-HOUR NAD MY FRIENDS IT DONESNT DO THIS
game-hours: 41.3
review: Almost 24 Hours in and still no fix for most people. I'm sure it's a great game to play just like it was on Xbox 360, but alas I waited almost two years for a proper PC release and this is what we get? Sixty bucks to wait for someone to fix a ING launcher bug. It hasn't even gotten past the splash screen for some desktop users. Yes I've read of all the temporary  fixes but for what? We shouldn't have to fiddle around and ghetto rig files just to get this game to work that Rockstar has been developing for five years. Hats off to your  up. I'm pissed until you guys fix this game. I wouldn't recommend buying this because more than likely you'll have some sort of error causing your game to be unplayable. Cheers to those enjoying the game.
game-hours: 13.1
review: Well , let's see. Oh yeah wouldn't load. Game won't play, what's not to like.
game-hours: 59.4
review: It's a amazing game, lots of things to do and very fun to play :D but don't get it until its fixed first pc (i3 dual core g3258, evga gtx 760 2gb): - stuttering on a gtx 760 (on all settings, this is not the gpu's fault) - textures loading slow, feels like you're driving in air - 30 minutes to load into the game second pc (i5, asus gtx 750ti 2gb): - 30 minutes to load into the game laptop (i7, GT 720m) - doesn't even start
game-hours: 33.9
review: day 1 of playing :- graphics looks ok , was expecting better though , 3 missions in and can't get any further due to being too hard to control , need 2 extra fingers :/
game-hours: 11.6
review: this is ing  i waited all to-ing-day for a game to download that i cant even god damn launch. If this isnt fixed today im getting a refund. Rockstar you are the iest production company ever.
game-hours: 9.6
review: Bought the game hoping to play the PC version like everybody else. Every 10 mins into the game and it crashes and this has been occuring over a few hours STRAIGHT. Waited months for this PC version of the game to be released and all they can give is something that crashes every 10 minutes. GTA V is a great game but what is the use if you can't play it properly? Royal disaster. Thanks for giving such a great gaming experience for our money.
game-hours: 45.3
review: Way too many glitches to release this game. Would have been happier if they took a little bit more time and made the game actually work correctly. I will change this review to positive when they fix all the problems with GTA Online.
game-hours: 12.8
review: Great game with lots to do, lovely graphics however the performance is less than satisfactory. My graphics card is fairly decent and runs everything on high and most things on ultra yet even though the graphics arent better than some games out now, the FPS doesnt stay at 60 and theres drops by about 15 frames for no obvious reason. Not pleased
game-hours: 33.9
review: day 1 of playing :- graphics looks ok , was expecting better though , 3 missions in and can't get any further due to being too hard to control , need 2 extra fingers :/
game-hours: 38.9
review: This game is so incredibly broken, it blows my mind. The amount of troubleshooting that had to be done, just to RUN the game and the amount needed to keep the game RUNNING, is too much. I have a notebook that's more than capable of running this game and it's not my fault that it isn't working. IT'S BROKEN!
game-hours: 44.0
review: ! A week has passed the game still does not work on many laptops AMD. These  probably never correct their mistakes
game-hours: 0.8
review: SERIOUSLY CANT EVEN PLAY THE GAME I MEAN MY LAUNCHER WORKS AND EVERYTHING BUT ONCE I GOT IN ALL I SEE IS BLACK SCREEN AND THEN IT SAID GTA 5 NOT RESPONDING ROCKSTAR PLS FIX THIS FRICKING PROBLEM
game-hours: 39.5
review: Right now, there's a reasonable chance you wont be able to launch the game, or you'll be like me and you'll have to find an unreasonable workaround. In order to play, I have to turn off my NVIDIA card, launch the game, and then turn my graphics card back on. Wait until it's on sale and has been patched.
game-hours: 1.2
review: I actually got this game to work everytime ,but it's just where I felt like the gameplay was flawed for atleast me I actually got bored of both online and single-player, but luckily I could get a refund so that's good.
game-hours: 20.4
review: GTA V on PC is the uncompromising version of the game. Worth the wait in my opinion. Currently running on i7-3770k + gtx970, running 60fps + on pretty much everything high (2x MXAA + NVIDIA TXAA). Does support 144hz. Unpacking took longer than downloading the game itself, will unpack again! (300Mbps down / 20 up) Don't waste your time on consoles, here's the real version of the game. Thanks for beta testing console users. Your move console.
game-hours: 39.0
review: I stole a car, in san andreas I stole a bike. 11/10 would upgrade again.
game-hours: 44.5
review: Where to start? I have about 17.4 hours on record according to this sheet, but a good eight hours were from being AFK while I tried to Google workarounds for the disabled friend joining feature in the online section of GTA 5. Apparently this is a bug that has been rampantly reported since the console release of GTA 5, but no solution or patch has been implemented. I find this to be troubling, in unison with the reported 'special character' bug that prevents PC players from being able to sign in. What's more, preloading the game by removing 60 GB of data from my SSD, only to find out that I needed to remove another 60 GB of data just to download 358 MB of deencryption. Why are these bugs even here? This should have been fixed months, maybe a year ago. To me, it suggests Rock Star's QA review over the last few years has failed at conceptualising the fundamental aspect of gaming -- consistency and stability. You can make a beautiful game, but when I can't play with my friends, or I can't play at all, the aesthetic aspects of GTA 5 is no longer a pleasure -- it is a detriment. Rockstar had more than enough time to fix these problems, and they never did. As far as I am concerned, until these bugs are fixed, I have no reason to release a positive review.
game-hours: 19.4
review: I was waiting for 2 days to install it... And now when i finally installed it, It won't even load up :O Wasted 60$. This game is .
game-hours: 28.4
review: Of all the problems to have, having the game instantly fail to launch is probably one of the worst ones, and I don't know how you couldn't fix it, considering  is something that's happened to various other PC titles. Not even mad, just sad at this point.
game-hours: 37.4
review: i cant plaaaaaaaaaaay
game-hours: 81.0
review: Servers didn't crash on launch 11/10
game-hours: 0.6
review: I still cant get past the launcher... glad its working for everyone else though!
game-hours: 0.6
review: now, if only i could run the game. you should only buy this once a patch comes out
game-hours: 3.6
review: As of now, have fun playing this on a laptop. Some people crash on the social club screen when they launch the game. If you're lucky to get past that, your dedicated graphics card won't start the game up, but your intel graphics will. and that runs at less than 20 fps (surprisingly)
game-hours: 0.2
review: Better than sex!
game-hours: 42.6
review: Social Club is a ing nightmare.
game-hours: 12.9
review: Bought a game that i cant play. Ez revIew
game-hours: 20.0
review: at this time, multi-player is a complete unplayable mess for me, i have more time spent looking at loading-screens than having fun. -going to your desktop and returning to game doesn't work -after a time the loading screen is stuck at a multiplayer lobby (note that the screen is moving in panoramic mode so my computer isn't freezed due to hardware limits) -connecting a xbox-pad and keyboard at the same time can cause unintended inputs really disapointed at this moment, I hoped for an exelent port upon release after 2 brief delays. Note: I will edit this review, up until a fixed patch is released
game-hours: 54.9
review: What is this pisswasser? San Andreas and IV was ported from console to pc in ~6 months, this one in 1year and 3 months.. And then you don't provide the DLC from the console versions? Way to serve the PC supporters a warm bottle of pisswasser. I can't recall a game that's been this much of a disappointment as this. Money down the sewer.
game-hours: 131.9
review: Does it work on my chrome book?
game-hours: 1.8
review: Simply broken and won't start. Unless I disable my graphics card. Well done, Rockstar. Best money wasting simulator 2015. EDIT: After finally being able to get into the game after a recent patch, now I can say..  THIS GAME! From the bottom of my heart, I'm more disappointed and pissed off then ever. It's  and so overrated. Not even being close to worth the price - especially considering all the problems. I want a refund and now. This is not a bad game. But not worth the price tag and not even close to 10/10, or even 9/10. It's a 7.5/10 at most.
game-hours: 59.9
review: Ehh, its ok... The work they've done is great and is easily worth the game cost alone. However, craftsmanship aside, this is a bit better than GTA4 technically speaking, but not better than GTA3: San Andreas immersion/story-wise. - Its a bit of a cheap gimic for game makers to "let" users create their own content (movie mode). That was a novel idea back when minecraft came out... now its just lazy. - The missions feel cobbled together and the character switching requirement/feature causes immersion loss. - Main characters are as deep as a kiddy pool, and supporting characters are mostly just annoying and not lovable. + Trevor, however, was really well done! + Graphics, controls, cars, city, diversity, engine, optimization are all cinima grade awesome. All in all, its fun to screw around GTA2 style, but at $260-ish million development budget... they could have done considerably better. Rockstar, if you're listening and think i should shut up or put up... deal... I'll help you build GTA6 :)
game-hours: 3.5
review: Paying $80 just for seeing the game crashes all the time
game-hours: 25.6
review: This has got to be one of the biggest shams of all time. The online features that GTA V have are horrible. Servers are always empty, when you have finally gotten a server with people you've already waited through hours of load screens. Once you finally get a 4th person for a heist you load the session and one person leaves so you automatically fail. This  is just horrible for a game releasing in the year 2015. I mean you can't even always play on the same team as a crew member. If I'm playing team deathmatch I don't want to have to play against my friend.
game-hours: 5.3
review: I don't know what the  rockstar doing ? AMD card can not play still today ! please respect people who used AMD, suck.
game-hours: 60.2
review: What is the point of pre-ordering a game if I cant play when it comes out? I sure like to make some sort of recomendation saying its good or ba. But if I cant even go in, then I cant really do that now, can I?
game-hours: 23.6
review: Game is just like the consoles version. I cannot comment on the graphics since the only way i can get it to launch is by turning off my graphics card. The game has numerous issues, "inside and outside" which is to be expected with any "new" release...."Wait! . . . didn't this thing come out 2 years ago?" Can i recommend buying it at this time? - No, not in the slightest.... I could stomach these issues with a new title, and heck I could even handle a bad port, but not a AAA game thats had this much time to get its act together. You have only a small chance of it even starting or being compatible with your rig... But if you do buy, the forums offer a hundred different things you can try to work around Rockstarts/Nvidia/Windows "whoever we are blaming this hour" compatability issues. Heck you cant even use the iFruit app, it's not coded for the PC version yet. "But the game reminds you every 5 minutes to download it" Buying this game now and the only hookers you will be wanting to kill are the people at Rockstar that published this fiasco
game-hours: 13.0
review: Total disregard with the players. Spent 24 hours after launch and yet Rockstar even made a statement. Not recommend for you who are reading this analysis can purchase the game and can not play it . And just remember : I bought the pre sale ....
game-hours: 32.7
review: I fapped after 2 years !! Will fap again.. 69/10
game-hours: 21.6
review: waited one year..... paid full price..... pre loaded it....... deleted half my steam library to have space for it...... and it doset f.uucking work...... go to hell rock star
game-hours: 14.9
review: when i start the game it loades a few seconds then says gta v has stopped working i can play but if i DISABLE the graphics rockstar you really disappointed me please fix
game-hours: 15.8
review: wont even freaking start waste of $60
game-hours: 36.8
review: This is not even finished. Random fps drops on i7 quad, gtx 980. Then sometimes get stuck in failed screen and death screen in multiplayer heists. Then when i quit, it says im a bad sport. Please test your game before selling it, though you already had
game-hours: 63.4
review: I'll make this  very fast and simple: They STILL didn't patch the game! (unbelieveable, The Forest releases a hotfix within 2 days after every update) I am running the game on a laptop with these specs: Processor: Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-3610QM CPU @ 2.30GHz (8 CPUs), ~2.3GHz Memory: 8192MB RAM Available OS Memory: 8080MB RAM Page File: 3529MB used, 12627MB available Windows Dir: C:\Windows DirectX Version: DirectX 11 NVIDIA GeForce GTX 675M Running with 30 - 50FPS with max draw distance, max density and medium graphics. That means; this game is PERFECTLY optimized! The gameplay is very smooth, though the climbing in GTA V is very flawed, and you can't make most jumps a child by the age of 12 would be able to do - this bothers me a lot, unfortunately. The action in this game compensates it though. First person views needs a few fixes such as the field of view in cars. Regarding GTA Online; you can't even choose to host your own game without the risk of joining another game where somebody else is host (very flawed matchmaking system). I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS GAME ONCE THEY HAVE PATCHED IT, BUT AS IT IS NOW - I CAN NOT RECOMMEND YOU TO BUY IT, UNLESS YOU KNOW HOW TO FIX THE GAME. -I will press "Recommend game" once the patches are out.
game-hours: 20.9
review: still not working at all
game-hours: 38.4
review: The Launcher crashes when I start
game-hours: 60.0
review: A W E S O M E
game-hours: 38.6
review: Grand Theft Auto V The long awaited game. Rating 10/10 Optimization: I Can run it on my 80 $ Gpu i bought 3 years ago . 10/10 Sound : Guns sound like guns , Music sound like music 10/10 Graphics : Fantastic just amazing on the level of details in the world #Puppies,#Cats 10/10 Replayability : You could easily replay the same game up to 2 times (1 Third Person , 1 First Person) 10/10 Story : The Story starts pretty smoothly and explain it self really good 10/10 10/10
game-hours: 9.8
review: In its current state, graphical cliches create lag within your machine.
game-hours: 21.5
review: It worked great! For about 2 hours. Then I could only play SP in offline mode or it would crash... Now, that doesn't even work. That refund option is looking might tempting now.
game-hours: 1.8
review: If you have AMD/Intel video cards on your laptop - don't buy this game!
game-hours: 3.5
review: I have a great system yet I get FPS drops every 10-15 seconds (60-90 then drops to 9-20). Changing the graphics setting doesn't affect it. GTA 4 never worked properly on my computer and now this one doesn't either. Waste of money!
game-hours: 42.2
review: In general it's a good game but if you are playing online there are small bugs which are annoying and enough to warrant not purchasing this until it ends up on steam summer sale, by this time the tutorial bug and other issues should be fixed. SP is great
game-hours: 78.8
review: GG IT FINALLY RELEASED I SKIPPED MY SLEEP 11/10
game-hours: 114.7
review: Crashes immediately after launching it, way to go guys. Tried reinstalling, 12 hours later..same thing. Wasted time and money.
game-hours: 21.7
review: For the most part, this game is great. Its everything a pc gamer wants from a game. Great storyline, fantastic graphics, 60 fps, you name it. But there is one thing that is so serverly aggravating that it is preventing me from giving this a good review. It's the fact that every single time i try to join GTA online, it forces me to sign into to Social Club. Dosen't sound bad, right? Well, the issue is, every single time I try to log in nothing happens. Absolutly nothing. In fact, when I sign in, it actually logs me OUT of the game, forcing me to restart my game. I cannot join online because when I sign in it sits on the sign in screen and does, as I mentioned before, ABSOLUTLY NOTHING. It dosen't look like its trying to sign in, it dosen't look like its trying to do anything at all. So now my friend and I cannot play online together, which is a HUGE shame considering how everything else about this port is amazing. Its almost as if I can only play 50% of the game, because gta online is such a huge part of the game. Hopefully, Rockstar Games will fix this issue. If that is to happen, I will change my review for sure.
game-hours: 1.0
review: this game and  rockstar. Installed the game and ran it, and I get "Grand Theft Auto V has closed unexpectedly". Contacted Rockstar and researched solutions online, and the game will not start.  er
game-hours: 48.1
review: It's GTA V. Yes, that's how I'm going to recommend you buy it ASAP.
game-hours: 9.1
review: Crashing at the same point in the story every time now. Takes 10 minutes to reach that point even to test if it will crash again. It does....Such a shame. Makes it unplayable.
game-hours: 64.1
review: Game is very good, sadly I spent many hours trying to fix  for their broken launch where they could've released it a week or 2 earlier as "early access" and have most of the negative reviews titled as early access reviews. Idiots
game-hours: 22.4
review: ROCK star cant reastart any gmails to a new on so i cant play anymore why rockstar why + i cant join any sesong on gta v online its go to the offline when i do that so i cant play ;(
game-hours: 10.3
review: just look at hrs on record..... nuf said
game-hours: 3.6
review: TMD2060(60G
game-hours: 27.7
review: :(
game-hours: 0.2
review: +=+=+=+=++=++++READ+=+=+=+=+=+ If you steam share You ARENT ABLE TO PLAY "CODE IS IN USE" And wont give you a seperate code for the game. The Gameplay i heard was really good but some issues. You should buy it if your not steam sharing or has it steam shared. Review: Yes And No.
game-hours: 1.6
review: Can't even start the damn game. what the hell Fix this soon!
game-hours: 53.2
review: damn after all this waiting, now im finally able to play gta 5 with mouse and keyboard!!
game-hours: 30.8
review: So far so good. The game works and looks great on ultra settings. So far I have been having a blast!
game-hours: 30.8
review: So far so good. The game works and looks great on ultra settings. So far I have been having a blast!
game-hours: 74.4
review: >be me >be old enough >play gta v online >doing a job >attract cops >4 stars >finally lose sight >1 heli spawns in front of me, another behind me >2 police cars coming from other directions >get spotted >instakilled >curl up in a ball and cry self to sleep >end up in the 20th circle of hell >become a furrybronyweeaboo >shake hands with the devil >think 9/11 is funny >supports feminists >make a premium account on club penguin >become hardcore christian >become pewdiepie fan >wake up
game-hours: 34.9
review: Very long loading times, lot of crahes - "no" so far.
game-hours: 68.2
review: my set up: gtx 960 asus x99 pro 32GB ddr4 ram San Disk 480GB SSD Intel i7 5820K @ 3.30 Ghz With this kinda set up i would think my computer should be able to handle the game. buutttt NO, i join multiplayer and 15 mins into the session i crash, with the wonderful "gta v stopped working" window. 10/10
game-hours: 9.7
review: Game is not working. Support doesn't respond. I could get refund only in 7 days. Excellent.
game-hours: 82.6
review: -Issues joining friends online from time-to-time -If you die during a heist, spend the next 10 minutes tying to fix the frozen screen! -Terrible Nvidia surround, the cutscenes only work on 1 display. -When In-game, the display on the side monitors is extremely streched and ugly -Semi-frequent crashes during Singleplayer; I blame this on the resolution -Driving any form of vehicle on a keyboard is terrible, GTA IV was much better! -Settings, Normal, high, very high?? No.. Low, Medium, High! Get it right! ... -Good game however definately a let-down for a year and 1/2 longer wait!
game-hours: 7.6
review: For a long time now i have been waiting for this game to come out and now that it has i am very displeased. Starting the game, my game crashes and fails to work. Only once did my game load but it loaded with terrible grapghics.(not on safe mode) Soon after it loaded it crashed again. Atleast the first few times it crashed, it actually got me through the social club sequence, now when i start the game it takes me to the social club app and everything goes white. So, as anyone would i closed the application. Of course though when i tried to start again it said "Failed to launch, app is already running." This statment was false, so i proceded on to the Rockstar Games Support website. Their methods were smart and most likely usefull to other people but not me. I sware i have tried everything and almost come to a conclusion that my computer just isnt capable. This lead me to buying an Nvidia geforce graphics card, and downloading the drivers. If you have read this whole thing so far, you already know this was a complete waste of time. Now that i have wasted lots of time and money i am able to make a statement that i do not recomend this game for laptop users like myself, it is very displeasing and if anyone knows what im dealing with i would very much appriciat support and help with this time nagging issue. As for right now though, no i do not reccomend this game for graphical errors and bugs. I am very sorry for those who do not like this statement, but until i can get my game working, my statement remains the same and once again would appriciate some support. Also before i end this, i would like to say that since i did prepurchase this game, i am very upset to notice that for the small time frame i was able to play in, my extra dlc money that i should have gotton was not in my game. In conclusion, i have been able to state many valid and strong reasons why i do not reccomend this game because of the struggle i have expierienced, but do remeber i only dont recomend this game to laptop users.(not counting alienware)
game-hours: 63.1
review: no gfwl, actually well optimized good
game-hours: 46.5
review: Just buy it.
game-hours: 6.8
review: Loyal player of GTA series and as a ex console palyer i played GTA5 to death but the Max Payne 3 crew must of been outdated with rockstar saying they ported GTA5 to PC with the launch problem list being so long after the 2 delays it took to "polish" with my specs listed on my profile i get lag spikes when driving even on low settings with the latest drivers meaning the game has issues with some gpus! One of the i need to wait for the next patch games in your steam libary. Oh one more thing the DLC favours consoles still with rockstar :L
game-hours: 57.3
review: Buy it if you want to lost your real life.
game-hours: 9.1
review: Game crashes on startup. Do not buy if you play on a laptop with AMD Enduro tech!
game-hours: 0.4
review: im not having problems except low fps because of my end, so gg
game-hours: 11.5
review: Worth the wait ty for beta test console users :D
game-hours: 48.0
review: 1080p, 60FPS. I'd like to thank all console players for beta-testing GTA V! 10/10
game-hours: 60.0
review: Edit: The problems appear to be already fixed for me on the first day^^ Well, that was fast.
game-hours: 8.4
review: + Graphic could actually be better, but still all over the place, considering that the world is so big + Realistic characters: They are not "normal" persons for sure, but it never feels like Rockstar is forcing the characters to develop their behaviour + Very interesting stories which are very well integrated into the gameplay and the environment: During the missions the player has to interact with the world a lot, but i never feels much scripted like in other games; also the gameplay has a lot of variety + A smoothly and naturally acting world that takes place at the east coast of the USA + Great humour: Although the game can be quiet brutal or radical at some point (-see Trevors behaviour ^^ ), it actually made me laugh a lot of times and surprised me with creative ideas for missions etc. + A lot of radio stations presenting nearly all kind of music directions + A lot of things to do apart the missions: Even just the tennis mini game is better than some other games out there ^^ + Revised wanted system: The police and the whole system now work better, although you could also argument that the car chases now take too long and that the police shoots too good, but even then I still find the new system better than in older gtas + New "skills" and such for your character: Basically you can have some sort of "bullet time" for shooting but also for driving - last thing makes driving so much easier for people like me who shoot better than they drive ^^ + More content such as cloths, cars etc. than ever before + Way friendlier placed save points + A lot of settings to modify the controls etc. - However I would like to have the older weapon circle system, the new one seems to be not that optimal for pc
game-hours: 1.7
review: same old GTA bs, nothing but hype and a bit nicer graphics. It plays perfect on my system. Save your money kids or just buy there older games on sale. I am in no way impressed with GTA5, same horse with new shoes...
game-hours: 31.5
review: Encountered game breaking glitch were police would shoot me. I am a white character so I dont understand what is happening. Rockstar please fix your game. Other than that its a great port gets my but hole puckered.
game-hours: 33.4
review: The best part about the game is unpacking the Steam files...and oh,of course,It's awesome,marvellous and everything in between
game-hours: 33.4
review: The best part about the game is unpacking the Steam files...and oh,of course,It's awesome,marvellous and everything in between
game-hours: 28.8
review: I think that it is extremely sad for these giant AAA games to come out in such terrible condition, this should not be normal. The fact that I have to disable my video card to get the game to launch then reenable it is extremely sad. Once I get in game the singleplayer is fantastic, however when I go online public lobbies are great and so are the jobs, however once I leave or quit a job I get stuck on a loading screen and the screen freezes while I get the same sound looped over again, whether it is a seagull or a gentle breeze. Its very annoying and the fact that as of the time I am writing this review RockStar has not even issued a statement is extremely dissappointing,I will hopefully be able to change my review for this game once it is patched. I would recommend waiting to get this game until it is patched, until then I cannot give it a positive review.
game-hours: 82.3
review: This may be a bit bias but this is literally the best game on steam/PC. I love this game and I was super hyped for it. It exceeded my excpectations. Besides the annoying preloading encrypting thing that alot of the negative reviews are talking about it is awesome (Also the encrypting problem is volvo not R* , geniuses) Although I love it this game is not for everyone. I will not say go buy it or anything. If you want it buy it if not don't, you will miss out on one of the best game in a long time. Like video games as a whole long. Also if you don't buy it it is ok because there are millions of others to play with. Lawl kek.
game-hours: 25.4
review: its bad.
game-hours: 23.4
review: Fix.This.Game.
game-hours: 1.3
review: ing  I cant play the ing game because I didnt knew I already had an account and I activated the cd key on the new account now I cant connect to the game with my new account and play this game  you rockstar
game-hours: 1.0
review: A social club account just to play a game ? F no!! I want my $ back and Rock star can go to hell. Dame thing wont even launch. WTF
game-hours: 46.2
review: I love the detail put into the game, from the characters, to the missions, and even the little things like stockmarket changes due to the missions you complete in-game. I would recommended it for what I mentioned above, but I still have big problems like everyone else. When I started the benchmark, it loaded the very first mission and the benchmark scene at the same time randomly switching between the two. I get massive fps drops randomly (down to 9fps typically), from walking down the street, to driving a car at moderate speed. I've even gotten some graphical glitches from time to time, for example a rectangular line of light appearing around my character, and it even not loading an entire area it spawns my character in making them fall through the ground. As well as other things. So like others I wont be currently recommended it. Edit: Also I thought I should mention that the money promised in-game for people who pre-ordered is only given to Franklin.
game-hours: 13.8
review: First it won't launch into the launcher. So I disable my Nvidia video card (!) and it does. Then the game crashes on the first screen. I assume that's the menu screen. I play many alpha/early launch games that cost a fraction of this, and rarely have issues. I think there should be a big disclaimer before puchasing that says, "GAME IN PRE-ALPHA"
game-hours: 1.8
review: From what I experienced in the short time I was actually able to get this game to run(probably around a half hour total), I would rate this game 9/10. Unfortunately this launch was a huge disappointment as 95% of the time the game refuses to even run, and the few times it did, crashes resulted randomly or even as a result of clicking on a different window and then clicking back on the game screen. I have opened a ticket with Rockstar support and tried all of the "fixes" they and other people have recommended but nothing has worked. Funny how they delayed the release again and again "to ensure that the game is as polished as possible, and to make certain that both Heists and the GTA Online experience are ready to roll out on day one for PC." Well guess what Rockstar? The game doesn't even run for a lot of us. I'm sure eventually this problem will be fixed on your end and then I'll be able to forgive you but until then, I just want to warn anyone who's thinking about spending their hard earned money on this game that there is a significant chance the game won't even run, and so I would recommend waiting until Rockstar has fixed this issue.
game-hours: 0.9
review: Gta V has finally made to Pc. Its fantastic and obviously the definitive version. But I wouldnt know that because the game's launcher doesnt even start. Also rockstar has mentioned any problems even though it has been 3 days. 10/10 great port- Ign
game-hours: 35.7
review: "GTA 5 is the worst game in the seires, " states obama. kim jong un comments " its prasing 9/11" ISIS is currently rallying to get it removed from steam
game-hours: 13.6
review: You know whats funny? I have 7 mins of gameplay and I havent even played the ing game. The game never ing launches.  you Rockstar you money hungry es. Burn in a fire.
game-hours: 61.1
review: That game is simply AWESOME ! You need to buy it. STAY FROSTY !
game-hours: 0.5
review: I tried everything possible to play, even though they released a patch, I still can't ing play it. I keep getting the usual  from the Social Club (code 16)... R* support has been useless so far. Thanks, I mean really ?.. 60 for "hours of fun". J'ai test toute les possibilits afin de jouer, mme aprs le patch, je ne peux toujours pas jouer  ce  de jeu. Le social club n'arrte pas de m'afficher la  usuel (code 16). Les conseils de la part de R* ont t inutiles jusqu' prsent... Srieusement... 60 pour a ?
game-hours: 21.0
review: GTA V AND THERE BUGS! i downloaded cracked version much more faster!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 33.2
review: Bought the game, downloaded the game, launched the installer, waited for 30 minutes including watching the resource monitor, nothing happened, 59,99 EUR for 3 hrs of my time to waste. You decide if your time is worth the money or not, this is not an actual game - only a corrupt installer.
game-hours: 18.5
review: 8/8 best loading screen simulator since skyrim.
game-hours: 25.1
review: Good Port. Was it worth waiting 2 years, Yes. Would you play it on console, No. What do you rate, 8/8. Easy and Smooth
game-hours: 20.5
review: Created my GTO character, went and bought a pig mask, robbed a store with an ammoless pistol, store clerk noticed gun was empty and shot me several times until I collapsed, then I went home and played GTA, and it was pretty great. 9.986/10
game-hours: 32.9
review: cops shot the black man walking down the street! 11/10 much realism Runs perfectly, good feel and very smooth, worth the money !
game-hours: 11.8
review: "kxzhjdbnghjzghjgsefhigjuijuhsDEFiuh seufhiouhse f" This is how you will feel whilst playing this game!
game-hours: 27.7
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 73.6
review: Graphically? Honestly I don't think it is much better than GTAIV with Ice-Enhance mods. I played it with minimum settings and besides a lot of jaggies from no AA it looked really good. I cranked up my GTX680 and tuned it for about an hour and honestly I didn't see a huge difference than stock minimal settings. It's really apparent that a lot of the detail was put into the textures. Not so much shaders. Which is really obvious by the amount of V-RAM textures take and how little ultra shaders take. Newer game newer hardware where is the oomph? Compared to GTAIV with Ice-Enhance shaders? Its just the texture detail. We've seen this level of detail already in GTAIV. The DX11 feature set along with Nvidia specific features offer a lot for a developer to play with. Tesselation is one of the coolest things that DX11 offers. Yet it is near non existent in GTAV. You can turn it on but I have yet to find where it is being used properly. Shaders are neat and can offer a graphical wizardry that 3D modeling can't. A great example is in Valves Left 4 Dead 2 in the swamp map where the water is pooling and reflecting while on fire. It's a really cleaver piece of code to create this effect that couldn't be done any other way. I think the explosions in this game are pretty lack luster for me. Very few particles came out of a tanker truck I crash into in the benchmark test. They live and die unrealistically and have the trajectory of a firework not a tanker truck explosion. I am glad I was able to play for 9 hours before my game keeps freezing at an exact point leaving me stuck in the story and not able to move forward. But I am not looking forward to the weeks of tech support email I now have to endure. This is really typical of Rockstar for anyone that has been playing their PC games for the last decade or so. If you are one of the millions that cannot play a game you have been waiting almost 2 years to play you know the grief. Rockstar games have great character and story. Yet they really lack in the technical department. They are always buggy ports of console games. I wish for once they would start with 3 separate codebases (Xbox, PS3, PC)and hire good programmers. They've had 2 years to do this? What's the excuse? We could go one by one and talk about all the shaders and I really don't see anything here that wasn't as good if not better in Ice-Enhance Mod. In their defense I will add that the anisotropy of the cars is very good. It always feels metallic as it should. Good job using shaderlab guys?
game-hours: 46.0
review: until they fix the crashing issues this game isnt worth getting
game-hours: 43.8
review: Will probably change when ever game starts working. Launch was terrible, Rockstar support is nonexistant and only seem to be helping with mismatched Keys/Social Club. I'm one day from refunding this BS..
game-hours: 0.6
review: NOT WORKING :( ITS CRASHING WHEN I OPEN THE LANCHER PLZ FIX THE PROPLEM :(
game-hours: 79.7
review: ,     1)    2   ,   200  2)    6 ,     , ,   ,     ,        3)  ,     documents,   2         ,    ,
game-hours: 51.1
review: You can manuever cars in air 10/10
game-hours: 29.4
review: -heard shooting -found cops shooting at gangsters while they return fire -I named the cops Bob and Joey -Joey got shot and fell on the ground -Joey tried to shoot at them but shot at his cop car instead -Bob got shot and killed -Joey got up and kept shooting -Joey got shot and fell down again -Joey got up and kept shooting -Joey got shot and fell down -joey got up and kept shooting -Joey got shot and finally died -I screamed "NO JOEY, IVE KNOWN YOU FOR A 30 SECONDS AND IVE ALREADY LOST YOU" in real life -started crying -realized my soul was lost with Joey -Realized where my life has gone -Got up to get a drink -sat down -rethought life decisions 10/10 would rethink life decisions again
game-hours: 13.8
review: First it won't launch into the launcher. So I disable my Nvidia video card (!) and it does. Then the game crashes on the first screen. I assume that's the menu screen. I play many alpha/early launch games that cost a fraction of this, and rarely have issues. I think there should be a big disclaimer before puchasing that says, "GAME IN PRE-ALPHA"
game-hours: 1.8
review: From what I experienced in the short time I was actually able to get this game to run(probably around a half hour total), I would rate this game 9/10. Unfortunately this launch was a huge disappointment as 95% of the time the game refuses to even run, and the few times it did, crashes resulted randomly or even as a result of clicking on a different window and then clicking back on the game screen. I have opened a ticket with Rockstar support and tried all of the "fixes" they and other people have recommended but nothing has worked. Funny how they delayed the release again and again "to ensure that the game is as polished as possible, and to make certain that both Heists and the GTA Online experience are ready to roll out on day one for PC." Well guess what Rockstar? The game doesn't even run for a lot of us. I'm sure eventually this problem will be fixed on your end and then I'll be able to forgive you but until then, I just want to warn anyone who's thinking about spending their hard earned money on this game that there is a significant chance the game won't even run, and so I would recommend waiting until Rockstar has fixed this issue.
game-hours: 0.9
review: Gta V has finally made to Pc. Its fantastic and obviously the definitive version. But I wouldnt know that because the game's launcher doesnt even start. Also rockstar has mentioned any problems even though it has been 3 days. 10/10 great port- Ign
game-hours: 35.7
review: "GTA 5 is the worst game in the seires, " states obama. kim jong un comments " its prasing 9/11" ISIS is currently rallying to get it removed from steam
game-hours: 21.0
review: GTA V AND THERE BUGS! i downloaded cracked version much more faster!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 41.2
review: Story mode review PROS +Fantastic characters +Huge gameworld filled with things to do and see +Very customizable +Tons of side missions +20 hours long of just main story +Excellent gameplay CONS -Story is hit or miss ESPECIALLY the ending. -Player choice is almost non-existent. The only times you ever get to choose are before heists. -Heists blow . Usually 30 minutes of prep time OR MORE for uninspired, infinetly respawning enemy shooting gallaries. -Missions are never emotionally satisfying. Mixed Side characters have little to no effect on the main story. Controls on KB&M are ehh. Game is really easy. 7/10 Multiplayer review Pros +Custom characters +Leveling system is very rewarding +Apartments and vehicles give you a good reason to take part in a ton of different jobs. +There are a lot of ing jobs. Like. So ing many. +Free roam is fun as . Cons -Lag is pretty common. -Insane loading time. 9/10 PORT REPORT I'll start by saying this port is NOT as good as many people have made it out to be. My specs are well above the recommended and my FPS goes from 30-60 on a mix of normal and high settings. There are a TON of options to fiddle with and you can customize all of your controls.
game-hours: 34.6
review: I get online a have been booted off fail intiazation says if it presists redownload the game i did twice nothing happend still does it
game-hours: 20.4
review: Game crashing 10 times the first one and a half hours
game-hours: 35.4
review: It's  as of April 15, 2015. GTAO won't let me join my friends through Steam, and is VERY laggy. Sometimes Alt+Tabbing in to the game will give you a black screen that can't be fixed through Cntrl+Alt+Dlt OR MULTIPLE RESTARTS. UPDATE: Well a bunch of  decided that the because the game works for *them* it works for evreyone. If you've just stumbled upon this review, it's being downvoted because I actually pointed out flaws the game has, and some  got butthurt.
game-hours: 34.1
review: 10/10
game-hours: 35.4
review: It's  as of April 15, 2015. GTAO won't let me join my friends through Steam, and is VERY laggy. Sometimes Alt+Tabbing in to the game will give you a black screen that can't be fixed through Cntrl+Alt+Dlt OR MULTIPLE RESTARTS. UPDATE: Well a bunch of  decided that the because the game works for *them* it works for evreyone. If you've just stumbled upon this review, it's being downvoted because I actually pointed out flaws the game has, and some  got butthurt.
game-hours: 20.4
review: Game crashing 10 times the first one and a half hours
game-hours: 34.6
review: I get online a have been booted off fail intiazation says if it presists redownload the game i did twice nothing happend still does it
game-hours: 41.2
review: Story mode review PROS +Fantastic characters +Huge gameworld filled with things to do and see +Very customizable +Tons of side missions +20 hours long of just main story +Excellent gameplay CONS -Story is hit or miss ESPECIALLY the ending. -Player choice is almost non-existent. The only times you ever get to choose are before heists. -Heists blow . Usually 30 minutes of prep time OR MORE for uninspired, infinetly respawning enemy shooting gallaries. -Missions are never emotionally satisfying. Mixed Side characters have little to no effect on the main story. Controls on KB&M are ehh. Game is really easy. 7/10 Multiplayer review Pros +Custom characters +Leveling system is very rewarding +Apartments and vehicles give you a good reason to take part in a ton of different jobs. +There are a lot of ing jobs. Like. So ing many. +Free roam is fun as . Cons -Lag is pretty common. -Insane loading time. 9/10 PORT REPORT I'll start by saying this port is NOT as good as many people have made it out to be. My specs are well above the recommended and my FPS goes from 30-60 on a mix of normal and high settings. There are a TON of options to fiddle with and you can customize all of your controls.
game-hours: 72.0
review: The perfect edition of GTA.
game-hours: 18.0
review: Perpare for the steam reviews to be full of "my game runs at 60 fps ultra settings 4k thx 4 beta testing consul fegs" comments instead of actual helpful reviews.
game-hours: 21.5
review: What can I say? I've bought been tricked into buying this game 3 times now, by Rockstar. Yet I find it just as enjoyable, again and again. Want a good story with interesting characters and a bit of above-average humour? GTA V is your game! Want to just mess around and blow  up? GTA V is your game! Want fun online wiht lots of customization and fun gameplay? GTA V is your game! Then again... I'm a sucker that bought this game on three different occasions for three different platforms, so you probably shouldn't trust me and my views on this game...
game-hours: 105.7
review: I love it!
game-hours: 66.9
review: f****** awesome game, i'm about to take the test at next week, but who cares ? This blockbuster must be played when it released !!!!
game-hours: 35.1
review: I would like to sincerely thank all the console peasants for their amazing job beta testing this game for us. Thank you! Now go test Battlefront 3 for us!
game-hours: 3.2
review: piece of
game-hours: 52.4
review: Yes.
game-hours: 1.2
review: this game sucks.....this game crash when you play online ...and this sucks...and the steam is deleting the review ... 60 60
game-hours: 53.0
review: Does this really need explaining? It's arguably game of the year 10/10
game-hours: 17.9
review: I cannot even play it because im stuck at Rockstar Games Social Club loading... tried to update drivers and all, verified game, but still it doesnt work.
game-hours: 35.9
review: GTA 5  Steam                     =(
game-hours: 49.5
review: Do not buy this game. unfinished crashes and over 14 min loading i have a gtx 760 and a i7 and the best internett conection on the market and still it takes so long to join. Most players you meat are fagot  and they suck in heists
game-hours: 21.7
review: LOADING.................................................................
game-hours: 69.0
review: err_gfx_d3d_init
game-hours: 38.9
review: Take forever and a day to re-release this on PC, and still have it be the most unstable pos to date...
game-hours: 38.9
review: Take forever and a day to re-release this on PC, and still have it be the most unstable pos to date...
game-hours: 110.8
review: Thank you Rockstar. The game is great and runs butter smooth so far. bout ing time.
game-hours: 68.4
review: Awesome game, a bit hard to find friends for heists, but not a problem. Great game overall really fun.
game-hours: 27.3
review: The only game I have that makes me realise that I need an(other) even better GPU.
game-hours: 53.2
review: The game is simply awesome, the most creative sandbox game you could find on steam. You will get hours and hours with gameplay time, and the port/parallel is awesome. I run the game at steady 60fps with a 780. You can enjoy the game alone or have mega fun with friends in online!
game-hours: 58.9
review: Amazing Game
game-hours: 2.0
review: I became Master of PC programming after Grand Theft Auto V exited unexpectedly. 10/10
game-hours: 1.1
review: Game is unplayable until Rockstar patches it. Save your money until then.
game-hours: 1.7
review: I paid 60 bucks for a game that crashes every 5 minutes, it would be a good game if it worked.
game-hours: 25.0
review: Would not reccomend this game to any1 on pc, the game is a joke and the online is ing broken. How many months was this game delayed and it still doesn't work what a shame i spent $70 on this
game-hours: 33.6
review: Works  great m8 the servers are a bit laggy tho sometimes
game-hours: 0.2
review: Gamesharing is enabled in Steam but blocked by the Rockstar DRM. If your friends want to demo it they will have a gigantic download followed by the total inability to play the game. WTF Rockstar?
game-hours: 16.0
review: Meh
game-hours: 1.3
review: The game didn't run well on my laptop. I bought this game and I am sure that my computer is good enough to run it, but the game didn't even open successfully. A good game should consider all the conditions that its players may have. Hopefully, Rockstar can update some patches to fix it;Otherwise, this game suck.
game-hours: 14.5
review: This is the best ersion of GTA V. If your rig can handle it, you're in for a treat. It runs very smoothly.
game-hours: 21.0
review: Pros: 1st Person View, 4k Los Santos, Trevor Cons: I have to go to work tomorrow
game-hours: 22.5
review: Had this gaem on ps3 for realease date, i was really happy. Got the game fr pc on release date, i was even more happer. This game is realy really raelly good and you must get if you wish to live :D:D i r8 8/8 m8 dont h8 or r u 2 l8
game-hours: 36.4
review: UHHHHHHHHHHMAAAAAAAAAZZZZZINNNNNNGGGGGGGGG!!! PC Master Race... that is all.
game-hours: 72.0
review: BEST GAME EVER MADE !!!!
game-hours: 78.6
review: I killed 16 people because I didn't have enough money to ride the rollercoaster. 10/10 game
game-hours: 50.3
review: This is all assuming you manage to launch the game of course. This is a good game that you should get on console, not this horrid PC version Pros: -First Person -Got to take part in the greatest heist of all. Rockstar taking my money. Cons: -Cutscenes don't trigger in first person causing the game to enter an endless loop untill you reload your game. When I met Simmeon for the first time he just outstretches his arms for a hug and thats it. The game shutdowns as I can't give him a hug or interact with anything in the game. #Left a Brother hanging -The game lags when moving at high or medium speeds. Go above 50 miles per hour and the game will lag untill you find yourself in the middle of the street, thrown from your vehicle and about to be run over by cop car. I had to run in DirectX 10 just to play and even that lagged. Its fine if you want a walking simulator though or don't drive vehicles of any kind. -Online Tutorial. Not a tutorial. It just makes you join a race match which doesn't matter if you win, lose, stop the car to take a  or crash the vehicle. Doesn't tell you any controls or features and makes you sit through very long cutscenes that of course glitch out and enter an endless loop. So you try and make a new character but the game instanly crashes when you press edit character. "Do you want some cheese." Lamar enters his car and drives away then comes back to ask over and over. Before asking that however he claims some people are just too clingy. Yes I would like some damn cheese Lamar!
game-hours: 29.7
review: Could you Rockstar guys please stop counting the money you have got from us and solve the switchable graphics problem? That makes the game experience like !
game-hours: 0.4
review: WONT LOAD ON TO MY PC. SEEMS TO BE LOTS OF TECHNICAL ISSUES WITH IT AT THE MOMENT
game-hours: 35.3
review: Crashes on startup, I can't play the game to write a proper review.
game-hours: 43.9
review: Game is fun as a sandbox game and a singleplayer game, the rest is tedious as hell. not worth the high price
game-hours: 37.4
review: Do not buy this game just yet it has way too many issues getting started ! To see just a small list of isssues right now search for GTA V PC Gamer Fix
game-hours: 0.1
review: wasted 59.99 on a game that has a bug at relaese and didnt even run on my PC,in all i blame my shet computer,if i could play this id give it a 10/10 ign but nope this pc sucks
game-hours: 10.9
review: Should have delayed it again, still buggy as .
game-hours: 76.6
review: NICE PORT my i3-4150 + r9 270 can handle it
game-hours: 8.0
review: At first I didn't get the hype of Grand Theft Auto Online. Then I headshotted some dude on his way to a heist with his crew, and I heard over voice chat "That b*tch killed *blankblank*! Kill that motherf*cker!!" Then I led them on a street chase through the city, and I remembered the 5 D's of Dodgeball: Dodge, Duck, Dip, Dive, and Dodge. Then I went off of a ramp and landed in a river. Shortly afterwards, they shot me dead as I tried to escape. I get GTA Online now.
game-hours: 30.4
review: Great game, great work RockStars, a must buy. 10/10 Runnig the game smoothly with normal settings in almost every aspect: CPU - Core i5- 760 (2.8 GHz) Graphics Card - Asus nvidia GTS450 TOP (1 Gb) RAM - 12 Gbs, DDR3, 1600MHz Board - Asus Maximus III Gene (No overclock) Forgot to mention: Average FPS: 90 FPS go from 70 to 120, but normaly stay close to 90
game-hours: 75.6
review: I sold my Butterfly () Vanilla to get this game. Riperino Butterflyno It was worth it (   )
game-hours: 15.8
review: I was running from a dog, tried hopping a fence but fell over it and the dog killed me through the fence 10/10
game-hours: 46.2
review: + The graphics are amazing + The game runs well on most of the systems and it is well optimized + The controls are comfortable + Easy to switch from Single player to Multi-player + The Rockstar Editor + No problem with shooting or driving while using a keyboard and a mouse + THE COPS ARE ING DANGEROUS - First-person FOV needs to be bigger - Long loading times in GTA Online - Sometimes GTA Online crashes - Sometimes all players randomly disconnect in GTA online - Really annoying when people randomly start talking through microphones in GTA Online and you can't mute them Is this game worth 60 euro? In my opinion yes, after all the delays it runs well, but some bugs need to be fixed and the performence, in general, in Grand Theft Auto V Online needs to be improved. Hopefully a patch in a week or so will fix the problems. I will update later on.
game-hours: 24.5
review: *insert mods here*
game-hours: 40.5
review: This game has totally destroyed my social life as of playing this... Every time I finnish a mission, I'm like "One more, then I'll sleep." 8 missions later I'm keeling over my keyboard writing this review and wondering how I'm not dead by now. Soooooo f**cking good. Plays really nice on PC and looks great. This game gives me more of a reason than ever, to be a proud member of the PC MASTER RACE, and I havent even played online yet! 10/10 Rockstar you took your sweet  time making this but boy am I glad you guys (and gals, gender equality) did.
game-hours: 46.6
review: Bye Life
game-hours: 48.3
review: GTA 5 Online worked on launch day. 10/10
game-hours: 132.7
review: This is Your Very Best in GTA series - Game Rating : 10/10 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Installation Complete... Warning : Real Life Suspended. Damn, i want this car. Another heist preparation.Damn, i want this tank. 5 whiskey shots makes your day. Shoot him down mate! Shoot! Damn, i want this house. Warning : Real Life Suspended. What? Well,  you too. Im going to change my cloth. Need sport shoes. What? That's is sticky bomb, not sport shoes, you stupid mother er! 18+ Wacked cops! Get in car! Get your  in car now mate! .... Go! Go! Go! Warning : You slept 6 hours total in last 72 hours. Your Real Life is still suspended. ...
game-hours: 70.4
review: RockStar just knows how to turn me on
game-hours: 28.8
review: I'd reccomend this game because well, it is a fantastic game but right now the game runs awful after around 20-30 minutes and even faster than that if you are driving. Edit: Now I can't even load into the game, it just has an infinite loading screen..
game-hours: 52.7
review: Yes.
game-hours: 24.0
review: This game is amazing. The graphics are beutiful and the game mechanics run smoothly. Defintely well worth what i paid for it. I recomend this game to anyone who anyone who enjoys robbery games such as PayDay 2.
game-hours: 61.3
review: A woman asked for my help getting back a stolen wallet. I agreed to assist only to be led into a back alley and cornered by 5 armed guys who killed me. She said she was sorry though, as they started shooting. 10/10 would help again.
game-hours: 16.0
review: This is the third time I've bought this damn game and I am still in love with it, the 60fps alone makes this worth buying, then when you think about the mods that are coming you would be a fool not to buy this game. As for any problems with the game, I've only encountered a few bugs but no crashes or issues with rockstar service, gta online logs in faster then on the consoles from my experience.
game-hours: 28.7
review: It's Gta, just buy it already.
game-hours: 18.8
review: Buy the holy heck out of this. Totally worth the wait. 11/10
game-hours: 39.3
review: First day had a few hickups as you would expect. But really came together and is rockin. Love this game
game-hours: 32.9
review: Awesome game, way better than the console versions.
game-hours: 39.8
review: this is the best video game since sliced bread. this is the best bread since that toast i ate at waffle house last week. sometimes you are the cop, but this time.. you ARE the gun.
game-hours: 28.7
review: It's Gta, just buy it already.
game-hours: 18.8
review: Buy the holy heck out of this. Totally worth the wait. 11/10
game-hours: 39.3
review: First day had a few hickups as you would expect. But really came together and is rockin. Love this game
game-hours: 32.9
review: Awesome game, way better than the console versions.
game-hours: 39.8
review: this is the best video game since sliced bread. this is the best bread since that toast i ate at waffle house last week. sometimes you are the cop, but this time.. you ARE the gun.
game-hours: 45.7
review: PRAISE GABEN IT IS HERE 2 YEARS OF WAITING AND IT WAS WORTH IT 10/10 PC MASTER RACE CONFIRMED
game-hours: 46.2
review: it has a Stripclub. 10/10 What more do you need?
game-hours: 52.2
review: This is the GTA game I have been waiting for since San Andreas. It delivers everything missing from GTA4 and so much more. 10/10
game-hours: 41.3
review: Been waiting along time for this game. Big fan of the series since the original game. Not completed it yet but its definitely a thumbs up from me. The game is missing the line of orange people to run over, lol, unless I haven't found them yet.
game-hours: 124.9
review: This is the ultimate action movie to possess on PC.... I played the  out of this on the consoles and I'll be playing the  out of this on here.... You have the insane gunplay from almost any action movie ever made.... The vehicle play can look like something ripped out of Mad Max combined with Fast and Furious.... You have an epic world to cause all sorts of mayhem.... There is always something to do.... you will not get bored playing this.... Just when you thought you've seen everything the insanity hits a whole new level..... I'm just talking about the online portion.... Single-player is basically the tutorial to the much more in-depth online mode.... As good as the story is you'll spend most of your time ing around in the open-world with other players or doing co-op missions and now heists.... The console versions were basically the beta to the god-tier that this game is... 10/10 ing buy it already XD
game-hours: 99.0
review: Oh my god, it was worth the wait! I'll admit to being a GTA fanboy (played almost all since GTA 1) but for good reason. In my mind, this is by far the best sandbox game in the world! It combines so many different kinds of games (shooting, driving, flying, exploring, sports, rpg etc) but it combines them seemlessly, so seemlessly that it doesn't seem strange to be shooting helicopters out of the sky at one moment, then five minutes later find yourself playing tennis! The plot is amazing, the humour hilarious (though I do have a bit of a sick sense of humour myself, so maybe that's not something to recommend!) and the action fast-paced. I upgraded my computer in advance of this game (got a GTX 960 G1 2Gb) so I was able to play with maximum detail, fps and resolution, and oh my giddy aunt does it look good! I want to invite all my friends over to show off how good it looks, but then it would mean stopping the game to open the door and let them in (and that's not a sacrifice I'm prepared to make yet.) I haven't played the online version yet, but I played a lot of MTA back in the day (if you haven't heard of Multi Theft Auto then google it now and see what you missed out on!) so I have both high hopes and expectations. However, if the single player is anything to go by, I will not be disappointed. In short, this is a game you must own. If the $60 price tag is too much, wait until a flash sale and get it then. Just get it!
game-hours: 16.5
review: starts online mode. get hit by truck that was chased. 11/10 would waste again.
game-hours: 66.0
review: Didn't buy it yet? - Well? - The hell are you waiting for? - A sale? - This ain't that type of game you wait for sale. This game is simply amazing. Endless possibilities for so many situations. Story mode is excellent. 10/10 Online mode is excellent. 10/10 You'll have stuff to do for hours on end! Perhaps weeks, months, years... And to those who give a negative review because they can't launch the game yet or stuff like that... CHILL! You know they are working on a fix and it will come. When that day comes, so will you!
game-hours: 61.7
review: 3gud5me
game-hours: 43.0
review: Nico Bellic can be the father of your character. 10/10 would block Roman again
game-hours: 1.9
review: Well, i guess it is like all the rest of the GTA games SP atleast, and if you like the other games you will like this... Me however i have tried the MP and it is beyond S**T IMO, im glad a friend of mine bought it for me, becouse i would not put a cent of it in to this game, not even 2 hours in it and im fed up with it already.
game-hours: 79.1
review: Bought to play GTA Online as i already finished story on PS3 a year ago. Well. May be i didn't get smth, BUT. To much boring grinding. I heard that there were challenges as a good income source, but they were removed and now you doomed to do dozens of boring missions for $20k max while your friends desperately trying to connect to your game session so you can go and finish second heist already. Yeap. Constant problems with social club. Get your  together Rockstar.
game-hours: 25.5
review: pretty impressive. played every port of gta5 and this is without a doubt the best one. had a few issues at the start but once you get past the intro it runs just fine.
game-hours: 22.7
review: The port for this game is down right amazing. Running on an i5-3570k with a gtx 660 ti I am able to get a smooth 60 fps with medium-high settings. Obviously the best way to play this masterpiece.
game-hours: 74.0
review: Grand Theft Auto is the best and fastest selling game of all time. That is actual fact. This game has broken world records for a reason. Those parts aside let me give you my experience with the game. I played the original GTA V on Xbox 360 the day it came out, and followed up playing GTA Online when it was released later. Both games (might as well be two seperate games) are fantastic. The Story mode is rich with excellent dialogue and amazing characters, you never know what you will hear next or what might happen. This is a game of satire, if satire is something you are not a fan of or hate crude and vulgur humor this game will never sit well with you. If you are okay with satire prepare for it to be cranked up to 11 as this is the biggest amount of satirical humor you can find. No one is safe from Rockstars plethora of jokes and jabs. The actual game play itself is beyond solid, compared to the original GTA IV made on the same engine 7 years ago, this game stands tall. The driving is a tiny bit arcady but it is much more realistic and responsive than the sluggish and oil slicked tires of GTA IV driving. Shooting is much more solid as well, targets snap to much more fluidly with more precise control on where you wish to aim as opposed to GTA IVs snap and  dragging of the reticule back to the center of mass. Flying is also solid and even much better than it has ever been before, vehicles feel like they have weight to them while flying and take realistic damage. Specific parts of vehicles or aircraft can be targeted to cause precision damage, such as shooting off the rotors of helicopters or taking out the engine of a jet. Speaking of flying, there is turbulence now that is reduced by your flying skill which gives incentive to level it as well as enjoy the more responsive flying style, planes can even stall if they fly straight up. Customization in this game is huge, each character can wear a vast array of clothing and haircut or tattoo options and every vehicle can be customized with unique colors. Compared to GTA IV it's laughable how drastic the difference. In GTA IV you couldn't even customize cars, you could get their color changed but it would be randomized what color you got so you had to repeat the process needless and there was nothing else. That's it. GTA V has options a plenty, from performance enchancing to many cosmetic changes as well as protective such as armor and bulletproof tires. Overall Single Player for GTA V is an amazing experience, and with the new first person mode, replaying the campaign and just using FPM is an entirely different experience. GTA Online is vast environment with so much content that I can't even cover everything I want to say about it here, if you are truly interested in GTA Online go check out my guide 'Duo Vandal's Ultimate Guide to GTA Online' on the Guide section and give it a rating if you enjoyed it. I've been playing GTA Online to this day since 2013 and it's the best Online experience you can have.
game-hours: 24.4
review: After a long much awaited delay... I can't say that I'm in any way dissapointed. This game is all that i would hoped it would be, it runs on lower end pcs as well as looking great on high end pcs. Its a all around good purchase for everybody around the pc gaming community. I am so glad that rockstar stepped up to the plate and made this game live up to the hype aside from some early download issues which are to be expected with the amount of people hitting their servers at one time. All around I can say that this game is completely worth full price(at least for a pc only gamer) and it won't dissapoint!
game-hours: 45.2
review: Best game so far imo. Works very well GPU: MSI GF GTX750 2GB GDDR5 CPU: AMD FX-SERIES FX-6300 PSU: CORSAIR ATX 2.4 CS MODULAR 550W RAM: 8GB HDD: WESTERN DIGITAL SE 1TB 7200RPM SATA3 128MB Motherboard: ASUS M5A78L-M/USB3
game-hours: 75.2
review: Makes the console versions look like the waiting room of my local centrelink
game-hours: 27.4
review: Finally at last,GTA V has finally come to PC,i gotta say,this is a much more improved port than GTA IV,but however,i did notice some things that are not right and rockstar may need to fix them and also some things are kinda weird for me. here are some pros/cons for this port Pros GTA V PC port Awesome 1080p support (i'm currently using this) Graphics improved from console (at least from my eyes it is) very good optimized (with the 3.50 driver from Nvidia) Rockstar Editor is very unique and cool (exclusive to this PC port only) Looks beautiful from my monitor looking at Los Santos being alive Mods (There are no mods out yet,but this will be one of the main reasons of why this port is so succuseful) Cons Some unoptimized areas (sometimes when i got to some areas such as open plain desert,my fps will drop but when i go back to city,it's back to 60 fps,rockstar please fix/improve this asap and also i use a ASUS GTX 970 and when i set up the graphics,i've only used like around 2.0-3.3 GB of VRAM and also by the time i set up the graphics options,the bar was green which i think it meant it was stable and optimized but apparently it completely didn't. ) Kinda weird controls for helicopter/plane (not really a bad thing,but it's just feel unfamilar,i can't remember any PC games that have this controls,you use the number pad to drive forward?,i'm not familiar with it,but i will have to master this controls and get familiar with the controls,so not really a game breaker or will lose verdict points) So yeah,that's all at the moment,i feel playing this port,it's a excellent port,possibly the best GTA game port ever. Well done Rockstar,you earned yourself a very well made cookie for your efforts put into this port. :) Final Verdict 10/10 for being the best port.
game-hours: 73.6
review: Works like a charm not a single issue yet 10/10
game-hours: 42.4
review: good game!!!
game-hours: 122.4
review: Decrypting took 30 mins or something, but once it was done... I swear to god playing 12 hrs non stop since release not a single frame drop/crash or a single bug yet and i played 12 hrs non stop online not a single issue yet.. Thanks console peasents for beta testing.. Thanks R* for making this masterpiece. 11/10 will play again Now allow me to die in peace i am awake 17 hrs. :D
game-hours: 68.7
review: you steal cars and stuff
game-hours: 26.4
review: very good game and fun !!
game-hours: 29.1
review: My thanks to all the XBOX360/PS3 Alpha and XBOXOne/PS4 Beta testers for the final ultimate PC version after 2 years ! Works fine for me and Hello Mods...
game-hours: 29.1
review: My thanks to all the XBOX360/PS3 Alpha and XBOXOne/PS4 Beta testers for the final ultimate PC version after 2 years ! Works fine for me and Hello Mods...
game-hours: 6.9
review: This game is amazing. The world of Los Santos is huge to the point that I wish they created easy fast travel spots akin to "Assassin's Creed". There is so much to do, complete with three different endings, characters you love to hate, gorgeous scenery, cars that actually handle well (unlike previous GTA games), and a great storyline; and believe it or not Rockstar finally broke their mold because one of the endings....well, I'll let you find out. When I hear people talk about how they were turned off by GTA 4 and don't think GTA 5 will be any better, I ask them to reconsider. There are some big differences between the two. Whereas GTA 4 took itself a bit too seriously and tried to be dark and gritty, GTA 5 takes a much more lighthearted approach. It's much brighter; the landscape is amazing from sterile, industrial areas to gorgeous mountain peaks; the story has a much lighter tone; and the characters are much more dynamic than ol' Nico Bellic. Sure, the action sequences can get really intense, but in general GTA 5 doesn't have so much drama to weigh it down. And you don't have an annoying cousin calling you every 5 minutes to go bowling. (That alone is a major improvement.) The graphics in the PC version are insanely good and highly customizable. Just about every function that you can imagine can be tweaked so that you can get the perfect combination of quality and framerate. Just be warned that some of the settings require a restart of the game. But when it comes to the graphics quality between the PC version and the PS3/XB360 version, there is no comparison. Another big turn off to GTA 4 is that driving is horrendous. It truly feels like you're driving a go-cart on an icy road even when the roads are clean and dry. Rockstar fine-tuned the driving in GTA 5 so that it's much more responsive and significantly easier than its predecessor. (It's still not as easy as in other games like Saints Row 3, but it's a significant improvement to GTA 4.) The game also allows for seamless switching between keyboard/mouse, which I prefer for gunplay scenes, and controller, which I prefer for driving and flying. If there are any negatives, I would say that the biggest is that if you're a gold medal hunter, the game gives you no clue of what's required in a mission until the mission is over, effectively forcing you into replaying the mission. Some of the missions are very long and convoluted, so this seems like a really big jerk move on Rockstar's part. Additionally, there doesn't seem to be any kind of cloud save function, at least not yet. I tried first playing this in 3D on my 3DTV and playend through a few missions. I then tried it on my main PC and, even though both are connected to Rockstar Social Club, I had to start from the beginning. I thought that Rockstar was going to implement cloud saving, but either I misread or it's currently down. Speaking of 3D.... If your PC is connected to a 3D TV/monitor or you don't mind red/blue anaglyph, you seriously need to play this in 3D! Rockstar built stereoscopic 3D into the game! If you crank the NVIDIA 3D depth to max and you increase the 3D convergence in the game's graphics setting -- HO. LEE. S**T. And anyone with a modern NVIDIA card can play in red/blue anaglyph. Their drivers can convert just about any Direct X game on the fly. I've played it so far in both regular 3D mode on my 3DTV and in anaglyph red/blue on my main PC. The 3D mode is stellar, even in red/blue. If you have any of those crappy, paper glasses around, I recommend that you give it a try! Fair warning, though: you need to go through a few steps to really get it to work properly. I can give the exact steps in the comments below if anyone wants them. I understand that GTA 4 might have soured the GTA franchise for a lot of people, but I urge you to give GTA 5 a chance. While it has some similarities, it really is a different game in many ways, and it deserves your attention.
game-hours: 64.8
review: Fourth time buying this game, and i still don't regret it.
game-hours: 48.6
review: No games for windows live 11/10 would rage again
game-hours: 49.1
review: Don't be fooled. My 1.2 hours played were me trying to sign in to my social club account. 10/10 would get locked out of account again. (In all seriousness it really is a good game as long as you know for sure what your log in is.)
game-hours: 86.1
review: Chased by the cops. Jumped off a bridge. Landed in a yacht with 3 bimbo blondes partying. 11/10 would wait again
game-hours: 27.8
review: Such a good game, its a shame rockstar treat the PC community like pure . Games been out a year and a half on other platforms and they have the audacity to delay the PC release 3 times and still charge full price. A well made game but really rockstar have let themselfs down on their only good franchise. (Yeah i said it RDR sucks dong)
game-hours: 49.0
review: Why are you even reading the reviews ?
game-hours: 0.1
review: cant even launch the game everytime i press play it dosent even launch 10/10
game-hours: 123.9
review: Absolutly Yes!
game-hours: 39.0
review: I really love this game. BUT IT IS CRASHING ALL THE TIME AND THE STUPID DRM IS NOT WORKING CONSISTANTLYIN CHINA So much for the delays. FIX THIS rockstar and i will recomend this game.
game-hours: 24.9
review: *insert mods here*
game-hours: 1.9
review: Well, i guess it is like all the rest of the GTA games SP atleast, and if you like the other games you will like this... Me however i have tried the MP and it is beyond S**T IMO, im glad a friend of mine bought it for me, becouse i would not put a cent of it in to this game, not even 2 hours in it and im fed up with it already.
game-hours: 79.1
review: Bought to play GTA Online as i already finished story on PS3 a year ago. Well. May be i didn't get smth, BUT. To much boring grinding. I heard that there were challenges as a good income source, but they were removed and now you doomed to do dozens of boring missions for $20k max while your friends desperately trying to connect to your game session so you can go and finish second heist already. Yeap. Constant problems with social club. Get your  together Rockstar.
game-hours: 48.3
review: GTA 5 Online worked on launch day. 10/10
game-hours: 40.5
review: This game has totally destroyed my social life as of playing this... Every time I finnish a mission, I'm like "One more, then I'll sleep." 8 missions later I'm keeling over my keyboard writing this review and wondering how I'm not dead by now. Soooooo f**cking good. Plays really nice on PC and looks great. This game gives me more of a reason than ever, to be a proud member of the PC MASTER RACE, and I havent even played online yet! 10/10 Rockstar you took your sweet  time making this but boy am I glad you guys (and gals, gender equality) did.
game-hours: 70.4
review: RockStar just knows how to turn me on
game-hours: 46.6
review: Bye Life
game-hours: 17.6
review: Might be the best game I've played yet. Port is well done as well. Getting 80 fps on high on a gtx 760 2gb on high settings 1080p.
game-hours: 98.2
review: Es la  gorra!!!
game-hours: 71.5
review: Smoothest game launch in a very long time. Other than a few glitches here-and-there in the online mode, it's amazingly fun.
game-hours: 98.2
review: Es la  gorra!!!
game-hours: 16.2
review: 2 hour long, unskippable multiplayer tutorial and impossible flying controls made a really bad first impression. Also, controller users have a horribly unfair advantage against keyboard users when it comes to racing. Waited 5 months longer than I wanted to to get disapointment. *Edit: Looks like the fanboys are disliking. Oh well, I have a right to an opinion
game-hours: 0.5
review: GG, can't get pass the UI. They really GTA my money this time.
game-hours: 50.4
review: Delay Simulator 2013.
game-hours: 12.6
review: This  is full of Loading screens, absolutely 0 logic at all. You enter a job, you get kicked, you waste like 3204598235901233401294531285239149123493125682359123491294 seconds of your ING LIFE.  THIS GAME.
game-hours: 4.4
review: Aboely the worst game i have ever played. too hard and barely works .
game-hours: 5.5
review: I bought this game for the online mainly.I've never been able to get into a game and it's annoying.I demand a refund!
game-hours: 82.8
review: On online the mic helps speed stuff up and you dont have to aim every time you want to shoot!
game-hours: 2.5
review: So, all that has happend to me in this game is constant crashes even though I have enough space to play this game and the fact that my character for GTA Online now looks like an idiot with stripes all over his body! So I create a new one and the same problem came up. If I were you, I'd wait 'til they ACTUALLY fix this game... Meanwhile I'm going back to bowling with Roman.
game-hours: 4.3
review: Does not work with laptops with AMD+Intel switchable graphics.
game-hours: 31.7
review: actually, i really like this game and all of the feature but, i really really hate the bug issue where rockstar cant fix it when i update gta v, this game always crash at the intro i change this review if the bug fixed by Rockstar
game-hours: 56.6
review: Online game is more waiting of loading than playing...
game-hours: 82.2
review: This game is so buggy it's not even funny. 1. GTA Online doesn't work AT ALL. 2. Steam still says I'm playing it an hour after I quit it, and guess what? I can't launch it because it's "already running" 3. Rockstar offers no support for ANY of these issues and neither does Valve. 4. So many other people are experiencing these same issues, so don't hate me saying "Oh your comp must be  I'm a dumbass"
game-hours: 4.0
review: Why it is not working on imac?
game-hours: 18.1
review: love the game but still having crash issues after 20 mins, still need fix. will ran up once fixed
game-hours: 13.7
review: So yeah i cant write a review becouse for some reason this game is crashing for me in mid gameplay or wen the game is lainching and it gets stuck on the loading screen i wish i can have fun on pc online but with this crashes i just cant write something possitive about the game and im not the only one with this issue others are having the same problem as me and my PC is for gaming im this is what im runing with NVIDIA GeForce GTX 760 iNSTALL physical memory Ram 8.00GB Processor Intel Core i5-4670K and evrything windows graphys crad is all up to date but idont know why is crashing all the time i order another stick of 8.00gb to make it up to 16gb to see if it improves if it does ill write a possitive review and i have ask rockstar for help with this issue and nothing no respond back and they have come up with the stupidest updates that dont solve the problem for people that have the same issue as me.
game-hours: 42.8
review: It's GTA, nuff said.
game-hours: 0.5
review: Launcher crashes on startup; 26 hours of troubleshooting solves nothing. This really should've been solved in the 2 year delayed release. Disappointed.
game-hours: 42.8
review: Very good game. I rate 9/11 would  hookers again
game-hours: 88.9
review: So ing fun! I recommend this game... i dont reccomend it if u want a life. :)
game-hours: 0.9
review: when i go to start the game it crashes everytime peice of ...
game-hours: 59.1
review: Great game!
game-hours: 13.9
review: Love this game,Seriously its great...If it works. How hard is it to get a game right on launch after its been delayed for what,3 months now? Seriously dissappointed. Cannot even launch it without crashing.
game-hours: 96.7
review: This game is awesome. Runs amazing on high graphics with a Nvidia GTX 970 & i7-4790K. I've been playing for 2 days straight. Either doing jobs, or doing free roam, the game is fantastically smooth. Online play is incredibly fun. The load screens do take a while, especially if you do back to back missions. If you sit in free roam all day, you'll never see a load screen. Game pad + Mouse/Keyboard is seamless. You can switch between the two any time without any hassle. This game is everything you want in a GTA game.
game-hours: 35.8
review: Great game! Even though Rockstar pushed it back three times it's worth it.
game-hours: 73.8
review: Never had a dog so loyal. 1O/1O.
game-hours: 45.7
review: all i can suggest is do not buy this game now wait 6 months the game us currently unplayable for a lot of people there is an issue that comes up for most people where after playing a few minutes the game will have a dramatic frame rate drop and then eventually become unplyable all together no matter what settings Rockstar knows this is happening but they are simply refusing to patch it yet they are focusing on the stupid windows installer thing when this issue is bigger in my opinon
game-hours: 17.6
review: Game does not start - says my product key is being used, no answers from Rockstar Games. Unsatisfied customer. Cant recommend a game after all this wait and it does not work. Bad or NON customer service to solve this issue. Thanks for nothing.
game-hours: 32.7
review: Got hacked, no response from Rockstar Support 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 65.8
review: A "must have" game! Aside from all the bugs, making it feel like early access, it's super awesome.
game-hours: 36.5
review: Met a little kid running from the cops, convinced him to get in my car and get away from them. Drove it into a gas station and jumped out then thrusted over his body
game-hours: 46.2
review: After a long wait and many delays, Grand Theft Auto V has finally arrived onto Steam. It's a great game that you can mess around on, wreak havoc, break laws, obey laws, buy stuff, shoot stuff, blow stuff up, drive stuff, fly stuff, play with friends, and many, many, MANY more features. The graphics are amazing, and I especially like the motion blur added to the PC version. Those with low FPS (20 - 30) will be glad that motion blur is a thing. The gameplay is fantastic. I can't recommend another game as good as this one. The controls feel right, the movement feels right, everything feels right. The texturing is very detailed and so are the many small things in this game. Not a single thing is left unpolished in all of San Andreas. Why are you still reading this review? Go buy the game already. It's worth the $60.
game-hours: 3.3
review: Boring.
game-hours: 38.7
review: Just BEST game
game-hours: 61.5
review: It's The Sims with guns. 420/10
game-hours: 50.2
review: PCR*R*R*R*29.9
game-hours: 45.2
review: Thanks Obama.
game-hours: 90.9
review: Works Smooth, People crying that the game has bugs, stop whining
game-hours: 20.3
review: meh...
game-hours: 8.1
review: Max fov is about 70, maybe 80, even with the slider. KB Control scheme is poorly concieved, poorly executed - inintuitive binds (eg num 5 and 8 for aircraft pitch? ...). Third party drm. Graphically profficient, pretty at times, even well optimized. Shaders basically the same as all previous versions with some nice extra shiny bits here and there. Detailed world. For two years work this just plain isn't good enough; just for a port. It would have been nice if rockstar put some thought into the PC UX. Tolerated bad ports all this year, all last year. This mediocrity studios get away with is becoming so tiresome.
game-hours: 3.1
review: CAN'T PLAY
game-hours: 4.6
review: Well i have a gaming laptop and sadly to say this game doesnt work. i am of the many users who has an Intel/AMD GPU. I've tried the temp fixes listed on the several websites including ROCKSTAR still no good. I hope they fix nad make a patch soon. For now since i can even play it; its a NO.
game-hours: 2.1
review: BLUE SCREEN
game-hours: 20.5
review: awesome killed a cat 11/10
game-hours: 52.7
review: GTA... duh !
game-hours: 44.2
review: OlO VV
game-hours: 26.0
review: Stuntin tynk
game-hours: 20.2
review: I killed a hooker... 10/10
game-hours: 48.0
review: This much gameplay in one day, don't ask me how. 10/10
game-hours: 89.6
review: yea good game not bad
game-hours: 28.8
review: Best game so far I've played in my life, fancy graphics and an awesome storymode.
game-hours: 98.4
review: GOTY i wait this game so long and now i wait RSC Loading ...................
game-hours: 31.5
review: Best ing game ever.
game-hours: 9.4
review: worth the weight 10/10
game-hours: 25.7
review: 4/14/15 After needing more settings tinkering than i would like, i finally have it running properly, and its a nice game. The 4K looks fantastic! 4/13/15 BUGS BUGS BUGS cant start properly, always have to start in safe mode because it zooms in to the top left corner of my screen if it starts normally
game-hours: 77.0
review: Running out of RAM Simulator 10/10
game-hours: 34.7
review: BEST GAME EVER 11/10 IGN
game-hours: 22.3
review: You have been waiting for 19 months? Well, here the good new, you'll have to wait only few more months to get this game's bugs are fixed.
game-hours: 49.0
review: The story is great, the graphics look amazing and the multiplayer is even better. What else do you need from a game?
game-hours: 25.6
review: This game is incredibly realistic. I banged five hookers in one night without condoms and got seven STDs and two of them are now pregnant. 10/10 will bang again.
game-hours: 31.2
review: I waited so long for this game...and i was always wondering if it would even be worth it or if the game would suck...i was wrong, the game looks amazing, its fast, 60fps looks great and joining games is amazingly fast :D i would rate 10/10 would bang all hookers again.
game-hours: 19.6
review: Best game!
game-hours: 14.2
review: GTAV, "Yeah meet my son Far Cry, he has much to learn. Battlefield and Call of Duty are adopted, I don't let them roam around. Call of duty likes to copy his friends alot, Titanfall told me to tell him stop. Destiny comes to play with them, he's always running away from his father Halo.....he's racist by the way, green supremacist. Oh yeah I also have 3 brothers, Saints Row and Watch Dogs.....sleeping dogs is adopted, he's Chinese. Saints row was cool until he started doing drugs, he suddenly changed and ed up everything. Watch dogs is nerdy and really isn't fun to hang out with, he sounds fun....but no he isn't. What about your family? I make mine a 10/10."
game-hours: 1.7
review: This would be great, I only I could launch the ing game.
game-hours: 15.3
review: This game has kept and kept crashing. I can't get any real solid run time on it. NOW, after the update, the game crashed and I received 2 different errors. The part that really pissed me off is that I got frustrated and opened CSGO right after, and now MY CSGO is an unplayable blackscreen with stuttering valve intro sounds playing in the background. This game is doing some serious damage to my files.
game-hours: 60.9
review: they forced us to wait long for what? still buggy as hell, missions disapeared, can't play online so what was the point to buy this game?
game-hours: 40.3
review: I bought this to play GTA Online on PC. Well constant server problems due to Rockstar made that impossible. The issue is not on my end and there is several thousands reporting the same issue. So to warn you all if you are buying this with the expectations to play online forget about it. Rockstar will never fix the network issue which have been around on PS3/4 and Xbox since launch (almost 2 years) For the people who did the same mistake as me and bought it, you actually have a option to ask for a full refund from steam regardless how many days ago you bought it. Grab the opportunity while you still have it!
game-hours: 98.6
review: Game doesn't work ;(
game-hours: 78.7
review: Everything you could ever want in a game!
game-hours: 9.3
review: I can't understand how they can do such a huge screw up on the first day. Launch is not working for Windows 8 PCs. What the f**k did they test this game on beore releasing it?
game-hours: 18.4
review: Amazing.
game-hours: 42.9
review: 10/10
game-hours: 17.8
review: YES is good
game-hours: 120.3
review: My body wasn't ready enough.
game-hours: 44.4
review: Beware, fun times are ahead...
game-hours: 59.9
review: First act was killing a cat on accident. It was fascinating. 10/10 would kill again. Found new calling as psychopath.
game-hours: 73.0
review: Robed a shop got a 2 star got attacked by civilanians then stol a jet jumped at 200ft in the air pachuted down and ramdom guy kicks me whiles on floor and then I die. IGN 9/10 Not call of duty.
game-hours: 47.0
review: 8/8 At least ther's less  players as console version.
game-hours: 28.3
review: 3 days on the game and i already found 3 game breaking bugs, and i don't even finished the main campaign yet because the bugs force me to restarting my progress. get ur  together R*
game-hours: 56.6
review: Love this game so far!
game-hours: 33.0
review: Ran well on my PC (25 fps) with a low end graphics card. It still looked good. I can't wait to pick up my higher end card and see how awesome it is. Need to go to work and had to fight calling in sick today.
game-hours: 9.6
review: Meh.
game-hours: 30.0
review: .  , ,  , ,         .
game-hours: 11.9
review: fix it bruh. you know whats wrong
game-hours: 14.4
review: this game sux
game-hours: 16.3
review: if you like skyrim and you are racist by calling everyone the n-word, 10/10 must buy
game-hours: 16.0
review: I have seen many negative reviews about the game not starting properly. This personally hasn't happened to me. I would totally reccomend this game, but only if you reach almost the max requirements for playing. That is the only way to completely experience the game. I have a EVGA GTX 970, AMD Vishura 6-core, and 8 gigs of ram, and this game runs at a perfect and beautiful 60 FPS on Ultra graphics and half V-Sync. The only time that I experience any kind of lag is in some cut senes, and it doesn't dramatically bring down the FPS. Here is a pros and cons list of what I have experienced from the game thus far: Pros: -The game's graphics are absoutly breath taking -The diolouge is excellent -The story is great -The foliage is an extreme upgrade from the ps3 and xbox 360 versions -CATS AND DOGS -MORE VEHICLES -MORE WEAPONS!! -The music also seems to be more modernized (as in music from 2014 and 2015) -The driving is smooth Cons: -Download takes ages (but I guess that's what you'd expect from such a large game) -People have stated problems with starting the game I hope this review has been helpful. I have owned the ps3 version of the game, and I have to say that this is a major upgrade from the systems. If you have a beefy computer and a good sound system, I'd expect for someone to get countless hours of gameplay on this game. I TOTALLY RECOMMEND IT :D :D :D
game-hours: 38.0
review: First person 11/9
game-hours: 22.9
review: Life Simulator.
game-hours: 58.1
review: I cannot play that the computer shows that the solution has problem
game-hours: 37.9
review: San Andreas is back in this fantastic installment to the Grand Theft Auto series. I was actually surprised how realistic and beautiful the game turned out to be. First-person mode makes GTA V feel like a completely different game. NPC artificial intelligence and interaction had improved dramatically. The plenty of graphical options will make any PC enthusist cream in their pants as Tessellation, Advanced Shadows, TXAA, 4K Textures and a lot more are available with supreme hardware optimization. Animals, bikes, aircraft, side-missions, immersive atmosphere and ambient enviornments make Story Mode surreal, as GTA Online provides the most in-depth experience ever seen within the series. Aside from some buggy custom keyboard bindings which may or may not be fixed, Rockstar has definitely redeemed themselves within the PC community. Overall Rating: 10 of 10
game-hours: 43.4
review: Three days! None patch to fix launcher problem! Do not buy steam version! Buy the retail version and do not use steam to play it, you will not have any problem with launcher!
game-hours: 8.1
review: Social Club....What more can you say. No support to fix it and its a game that simply won't run. A broken game is what you will recieve. No way to improve the issue currently even after following their support website.
game-hours: 77.5
review: Patience Simulator 2015
game-hours: 17.3
review: port constantly crashes.  you rockstar
game-hours: 1.8
review: FASDA
game-hours: 25.3
review: cool game would buy 5 million times but i dont need that many copies
game-hours: 51.6
review: better than console version. pc master race.
game-hours: 47.9
review: 11/10 Pucking perfect.
game-hours: 42.8
review: Smooth Like Silk.....All Settings Very High or Ultra, even in Advanced, running on an EVGA 780 Classified! Constant 40-50 fps.......anyone who thinks thats low because its not 60 fps has no concept of what these numbers actually mean! Oh by the way, still rocking an i7-920 from 2009 clocked at 3.8ghz......still as powerfull if not more than most current CPU's! Most people with crash problems and poor game performance on cards like a GTX 970, is just that, Their Problem!!! Learn your HW, and learn how it all works. Don't take it out on the developer just because you run McAfee/Norton along with itunes and skype and chrome and 300 other apps all at once, then try to load a game and it runs like . Rockstar, Amazing Job! Can't wait for Red Dead on PC!
game-hours: 0.8
review: ! 10    10
game-hours: 54.0
review: Great game having lots of fun online m80's!
game-hours: 87.1
review: a dat  dope.
game-hours: 70.2
review: Runs perfect for me, well optimized game I'm impressed.
game-hours: 79.1
review: GAME OF THE YEAR !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 7.4
review: What can I say about GTA 5 that hasn't already been said? It's one of, if not the, greatest games of all time, and it even more deserves such a title on PC. Aside from the crap launch it had, I can't recommend this game enough. Best $60 you'll ever spend (at least at the time of writing this review).
game-hours: 20.9
review: This game is so amazing! Buy it right now!
game-hours: 2.6
review: We've waited a long time for this and is finally here an definitely worth the wait. GTA V hands down game of the year with amazing 4K visuals running at 60FPS if your PC setup supports it. Definitely a MUST have game for any GTA fan or fan or open world gaming.
game-hours: 19.7
review: went into a movie theater. watched the wierdest movie with subliminal messaging, an illuminati brainwashing tool... would watch again, and again, 10/10
game-hours: 53.6
review: Don't know what to buy in steam and you don't have this game???? buy it!!
game-hours: 44.1
review: Love this game since it was released on PS3 It's like San Andreas but more graphical
game-hours: 60.4
review: Yes.
game-hours: 10.3
review: Bought this game to play online with my friends, and do missions etc. But online doesn't even work. You can have an online character and you can start missions but if you have anyone in your friends list you cannot play with them or get in the same game. Rockstar has even patched it already and you still cannot connect to friends or crew members. You will join and there will be 4 people in your lobby max but they will soon leave your game for one reason or another. Basically because you are losing conenction to them.
game-hours: 17.0
review: Best crash simulator ever (on laptop) edit: patch fixed crashing problem 10/10 would wait 7 years again
game-hours: 52.8
review: ive already spent 59 hours playing, the most thrilling expiriance in a tpfps, i need more crackcain before i OD and cant play no more, please, call this number to donate 1-800-MORECRACK-PLS
game-hours: 31.2
review: GAME IS GOOD. I WAS VERY INTERSTED IN THE ROCKSTAR EDITOR BUT NOW NOT SO MUCH. MADE A VIDEO. SPENT 4 HRS. ON IT AND THE DAMN THING WONT UPLOAD TO YOUTUBE OR THE SOCIAL CLUB. IDK IF I WILL EVER MAKE ANOTHER DUE TO THE ISSUES.
game-hours: 24.4
review: lag spikes all the time
game-hours: 0.3
review: Disappointment simulator 2015 Game doesn't load.
game-hours: 103.7
review: Went to visit CJ's old place. Accidentally bumped into a gang banger near Grove St. Was chased down, beat up, and shot down by everyone on the court. It was beautiful and glorious in 4k 60fps. Went to pick up Michael and Trevor in my Purple, slammed Peyote. Went back for payback . Came through screaming, "Ballas N!*$!@$". Battle ensued. Became a three way orgy with LS PD. We all died. Man.... eff the popos. 10/10 would do it again!
game-hours: 44.6
review: Can't go bowling 1/10 IGN - RIP Roman 2k15erino
game-hours: 81.5
review: Amazing! i have a AMD FX-6300 OC@4.3Ghz, 12gbs ram,GTX 650TI and i can run this game with some stuff on high and most on normal at over 100 fps sp and mp at 1360x768 I LOVE THIS GAME
game-hours: 55.8
review: Idiots putting negative review cause they cant play. Wait to play the game and THEN REVIEW. Idiots. Review the game not the poor release which happens with most games.
game-hours: 0.8
review: This frickin game, I can't play it at all! Whenever I try playing, it'll take me to the Rockstar Social Club launcher and it will say "Unable to access Rockstar servers. Activation of GTA V requires an internet connection and click Retry, or click Cancel to quit." I'm connected to my internet and it doesn't work. Buy this game when they have the bugs fixed because clearly they ed up somewhere.
game-hours: 73.4
review: Its .
game-hours: 8.1
review: Updated yesterday then NVIDIA gpu could working, however AMD mobility cards keeping unuseful. If we wanna run GTA5, unless we disable AMD card or setting in CCC. Could you fix this? We have waited for 4 days. PSHave updated driver. AMD graphics card's driver is 15.4 beta. Not good English for me.
game-hours: 0.1
review: Why the  did I think pre-ordering this would be a good idea? I tried getting through the social club login screen but I forgot my password. So, I reset it, confirmed the email, and typed in my username and password. *You're account is locked due to multiple failed password entries*.....
game-hours: 5.5
review: Can't get past loading screen....-.-
game-hours: 41.2
review: I have a laptop with intel + amd video cards. I am unable to get the game to work as it should after trying all available fixes that I could find via forums and support pages. At this point I would like to pursue a refund.
game-hours: 13.0
review: Runs as smooth as butter on my GTX 570, even on high graphics. Still looks better than PS4 even though my machine is not a beast.
game-hours: 13.0
review: Runs as smooth as butter on my GTX 570, even on high graphics. Still looks better than PS4 even though my machine is not a beast.
game-hours: 65.6
review: SOOOO GOOOOD
game-hours: 57.2
review: ggwp rockstargames
game-hours: 17.4
review: Game won't progress past the "loading story mode" screen. The tips cycle, and so do the pictures, but the game never actually loads. Can play GTA online, but not story mode.
game-hours: 1.5
review: Freezes on launch. Support ticket being ignored. Brand freaking new 980 video card. Thanks Rockstar!
game-hours: 19.6
review: great game, great version for pc everything great, just buy it to ensure we get gta 6 good job rockstar
game-hours: 45.5
review: Why I Cann Buy
game-hours: 52.6
review: FUN AS HELL, Much better than console version! The port has to be one of the best i've ever seen! 10/10 HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
game-hours: 0.2
review: Wait till they fix the game before you buy.Even alot topend pc having problems.But will buy as soon as it is fixed.Got my refund!
game-hours: 34.6
review: Brilliant, Brilliant! This game perfomance fantastic even on low end hardware Thank you Rockstars for porting the game from the get go. Graphically this game surpases any next gen console, only if Watch Dogs had looked like this and perfomed this well.
game-hours: 49.3
review: I avoided playing or watching anything about the game on the consoles and just waited for the PC release. So happy I did. They got everything about this game right. PC port is nearly perfect. This is what a PC game should be. Game of the year without question. I was annoyed when they delayed the game twice, but if this is the final result then more games should be delayed. I've had it crash twice but I have overclock SLI setup so it may be my computers fault not the game. I have GTX670 SLI and get over 60FPS at 1600p with everything at high or very high (except textures at normal as 2gb vram is not enough, it will run with high textures, but you can see the stuttering as it constantly swaps the frame buffer from system ram). One thing I did notice is that SLI scaling is not as good as it could be. One spot I tested I got 52fps with one card but only 63fps with both. I did find that turning on MSAA 2X with one card killed my FPS but with both cards it only took 2fps hit. What I found the best in terms of visuals and performance is to run the game at 2560*1600 and use NVIDIA downsampling to 1920*1200. This gives a much sharper picture with less performance hit that using 1200p and MSAA. Different setups may have different results. Hopefully a driver update can squeeze out some more SLI performance. Can't say enough good things about this game though. Everything that I didn't like about GTAIV is fixed and improved. Some of the best writing and voice acting I've ever seen. Haven't tried online yet so I can't comment. Like I said this is what a game should be and a game like this is why we buy high end PC and not crappy consoles. As others have said thanks for the consoles for beta testing for us. Buy this game and show developers why PC is the best platform for games.
game-hours: 11.3
review: Broken, only managed to play prologue before it refused to load anything at all. Biggest waste of money ever.
game-hours: 36.3
review: WAY BETTER THAN ON THE XBOX 360!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 18.4
review: do you want to play GTA V? well go buy 10 different PC's and theres a slight chance it might work on one of them
game-hours: 16.6
review: Just buy it
game-hours: 26.4
review: This port is great !!!!! I played it with GTX650Ti all high and got 3-170 fps All the girls in strip club is suck Keep talking about your "master race" thou
game-hours: 15.9
review: what can i do?? the game is not openig. always loading - loading. i have Win 8,1
game-hours: 100.0
review: After 2 days of playing GTA V, it's such a realistic Los Angeles replica. But there is a Big Defect!!! There is no Lowrider Car customization!!? No Hydralic available and no custom lowrider paint job(which exsist in San Andreas). And also, The Declasse Voodo(Chevy Impala) only comes with a rusted version, no clean car available, so dissapointed!
game-hours: 117.0
review: good game, stop the text wall reviews.
game-hours: 43.2
review: The most dissapointing game I've ever played. Wow this is ing terrible. Remember when we all thought GTA 4 took itself to seriously? Remember when we thought it's story was overblown, it's gameplay was janky, it's characters lackluster and it's lack of fun? Well rockstar has done it again. And this time, it's WORSE. So let's start with free roam. You can't free roam. Why? here's why. Because the player is weak. In GTA 5 the ammount of bullets it takes to blow out a car's tires is decreased, and the duribility of the cars is decreased. It's also harder to obtain cars. So, if you, like me, wanted to walk out side, cap some dumb prick, steal his ride, and go on a 20 minute joyride with sirens and gunshots as your soundtrack, you can't because the cops will shoot out your tires and your car will become worthless quite fast. The cops themselves have also had a major () buff, increasing their dammage and accuracy. A cop will now be able to headshot you (And it is ALLWAYS a headshot) for an instant kill from any range, at any speed, within their car. You can be doing 70 on the highway in a stollen NOOSE van and be instantly felled by a default first responder Your player is weak in terms of duribility too. You have half the health you had in GTA 4, which was half that it was in GTA 3... If this keeps up, by GTA 6 a fart will kill us. And, as mentioned before, the cops are DEADLY accurate, so you can literally walk outside, steal a car, and be dead within 6 seconds. I'm serious. Your weapons are largely useless. Ammo is less plentiful, has a lower cap, is more expensive, and your guns are weaker than they used to be... So while that cop will insta kill you, you'll be hosing down his cruiser with a machine gun and not score any hits. Also, if you decide to go with a motorcycle, you will fall off. And once you fall off, your character takes about 2 millenia to get up. So you get zerg rushed by 60 cops and killed within 4 seconds. Now for story. The story is... Bad. Trevor is completely unlikeable, Franklin is bacically a cardboard cutout and michael, while the best of the characters, is a  sucker of the finest degree. You'll play througout the entire story constantly thinking "why can't I just ing shoot this guy/why can't I just ing do this job/ why can't my character do anything except swallow police ." The reason is because rockstar can't ing write well. The story is a complete mess and I will NOT write any further about it because it makes my head hurt. ..Which isn't even getting into the glitches. In short, this game can only be saved by the modding communtiy. The only way which I could EVER reccomend this game is if rockstar were to seriously buff the player, put the game on sale, and provide regenerating health. Then it would finally become fun. Until then all I can say is Nexus community, GTA garage, the guys who did the SA multiplayer mod, ing SOMEONE save this , I paid 60 bucks and got NOTHING for it.
game-hours: 42.3
review: Very good game i love it
game-hours: 32.8
review: ** WARNING: Review based SOLELY upon Story-Mode Performance ** I've been waiting for PC release since it launched on consoles sans the First-Person view/mod. I can say with 100% confidence after only playing the story for about 10 hours that it was worth every ing bit of waiting those two years for this to release on PC - in EVERY SINGLE REGARD. Buttery smooth 60fps @ 1080p with everything cranked sky high except AA (FXAA enabled; MSAA & TXAA disabled.) Even when I start blowing  up the FPS doesn't drop below 45-50. This is, hands down, Rockstar's masterpiece. GTA V runs better on my PC than ANY other GTA before it. I've waited so long for this.. and I've yet to be disappointed! Still can't believe it. 10/10 My PC Specs: AMD 8350 @ 4.5GHz 16GB 2133MHz RAM 480GB Intel SSD EVGA 780ti SC
game-hours: 115.1
review: It's like having a second life!
game-hours: 45.3
review: Radeon HD 7850 i5 3570k Windows 7U Works perfectly, the best game ever.
game-hours: 23.0
review: ey i got rekt in it when i punched a colored man in the face
game-hours: 108.9
review: I think its one of the best games of this year. Great Work !
game-hours: 77.5
review: Great game on pc however it would be much better if rockstar would just find a way to allow modding in singleplayer without it affecting online because mods for the gta games on pc is what made gta alot more fun to play overall its a good game has a few crashing issues that need to be worked out but i would recommend this game.
game-hours: 16.5
review: My favorite part about the PC release of the game is that they make it crash every 30 minutes.
game-hours: 2.0
review: my game wont launch and i wanna know why
game-hours: 29.6
review: Godly graphics even with my not so top notch pc. Really Rate this game. 21/10 xD
game-hours: 5.6
review: SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO many issues with the lauching i redownloaded 2 times then it worked when i got to single player it was fine then when to play online i got to play for 10 -15 before it crashed and never let me on after that
game-hours: 49.3
review: Garbage ing game. I've never seen a more piece  game in my life. I would rather drag my balls through 10 miles of glass and sand than play this garbage  piece of .
game-hours: 32.7
review: Best game everrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
game-hours: 89.9
review: how much time does the social club luncher to finish loading?
game-hours: 32.1
review: So I have been playing for a couple of hours and I can only say this. The console versions was beta tests for the pc version. This game is gourgios works perfectly performance wise and only takes a few tweeks to make the fps view mode work perfectly! If you liked san andreas and have not played a gta game since then this should be your next gta game :)
game-hours: 26.7
review: Most optimized game I've ever played. It feels like I'm playing video games for the first time again. Literally walking around staring at textures because it looks that great.
game-hours: 28.1
review: Should have waited for the end of the semester to install... goodbye grades.
game-hours: 61.8
review: It is the greatest game ever.(Untill GTA 6) Good story A lot of cars Big city FPS mode Weapon customize Multiplayer New update Nice detail. It is still worth every dollar.
game-hours: 42.9
review: This game is the reason why I'm failing school. Rockstar y u do dis
game-hours: 36.5
review: very good game with perfect graphics and story.highly recommended.but need update for low end graphic cards!! just like GTA IV.... NEED PATCH
game-hours: 63.0
review: i realy wont to play it but it dont Work;( its Sayes GTA V stoped Working Somone Help me please
game-hours: 82.5
review: I can go to strip clubs and watch boobs bounce over my face in Full HD PC Master Race Quality. 11/10 - A true masterpiece
game-hours: 13.7
review: Finally, GTA V is here. First stop: Strip Club. Anyway, nice storyline and no crashes (at least, not yet). The prologue is very awesome - straight into the action. Mechanics are fine. Expensive game, but at least it's fun.
game-hours: 40.1
review: Should have brought a poet.... 10/10 My god it's beautiful and beyond expectations.
game-hours: 11.4
review: please rockstar game please can we have gta 5 avalible on linux
game-hours: 52.1
review: G.O.A.T.
game-hours: 49.8
review: very good game
game-hours: 128.8
review: Not a  port like gta 4
game-hours: 30.1
review: The moment we all have been waiting for ! It's here ! And it runs smooth! 10/10 would wait 2 years again !
game-hours: 33.8
review: Yes.
game-hours: 33.8
review: Yes.
game-hours: 45.8
review: drove fast in sik car 10/10
game-hours: 85.9
review: This Game is Awesome!! 10/10 Masterpiece +Graphics +Port From Console +Gameplay +Sound +Music in Game +Have fun Glitch lol
game-hours: 37.6
review: Best ! 5/5!!!
game-hours: 39.2
review: I would like to thank the console peasants for beta testing this game for us! :)
game-hours: 8.8
review: Good game, good port. But as of day 1, it may not be playable on some systems as its glitchy. Going to wait until they fix it, before playing.
game-hours: 43.2
review: Just amazing game <3 i love it
game-hours: 31.9
review: 15/10
game-hours: 38.1
review: 10/10 would get ran over by a car 15 seconds into online again
game-hours: 37.0
review: If you can go anywhere in-game without the police being called you are a better man than I.
game-hours: 38.1
review: 10/10 would get ran over by a car 15 seconds into online again
game-hours: 37.0
review: If you can go anywhere in-game without the police being called you are a better man than I.
game-hours: 29.7
review: This port isn't . I beta tested, i get full game now. Thanks Rockstar.
game-hours: 42.8
review: Very good game. I rate 9/11 would  hookers again
game-hours: 86.6
review: need to fix the servers hard to play with a group when you can't join them
game-hours: 27.8
review: Nice ing game! 've been waiting for so long! but great!
game-hours: 0.9
review: such a great game to play recomend it to anybody
game-hours: 22.0
review: After making bilions of dollars and all that time to port the game for PC, Rockstar failed to deliver a stable release. I am unable to even start the game simply because someone didn't do their job. This is very dissapointing.
game-hours: 18.4
review: do you want to play GTA V? well go buy 10 different PC's and theres a slight chance it might work on one of them
game-hours: 50.0
review: it has alot of lag spikes, even on the lowest settings even though my pc is kinda nice, getting a constant 80 fps, though when im around people who are shooting me it spikes for some reason. PLZ FIX""!
game-hours: 15.6
review: one of the best ports ive ever played. i owned every version of the game (ps3, ps4 and now pc) and this version is by far the best. not just because of the fact that it looks and runs amazing, but also it just feels right on pc. playing in first person really feels like youre playing a completely different game! all in all, buy it, play it, and love it.
game-hours: 11.3
review: Broken, only managed to play prologue before it refused to load anything at all. Biggest waste of money ever.
game-hours: 49.3
review: I avoided playing or watching anything about the game on the consoles and just waited for the PC release. So happy I did. They got everything about this game right. PC port is nearly perfect. This is what a PC game should be. Game of the year without question. I was annoyed when they delayed the game twice, but if this is the final result then more games should be delayed. I've had it crash twice but I have overclock SLI setup so it may be my computers fault not the game. I have GTX670 SLI and get over 60FPS at 1600p with everything at high or very high (except textures at normal as 2gb vram is not enough, it will run with high textures, but you can see the stuttering as it constantly swaps the frame buffer from system ram). One thing I did notice is that SLI scaling is not as good as it could be. One spot I tested I got 52fps with one card but only 63fps with both. I did find that turning on MSAA 2X with one card killed my FPS but with both cards it only took 2fps hit. What I found the best in terms of visuals and performance is to run the game at 2560*1600 and use NVIDIA downsampling to 1920*1200. This gives a much sharper picture with less performance hit that using 1200p and MSAA. Different setups may have different results. Hopefully a driver update can squeeze out some more SLI performance. Can't say enough good things about this game though. Everything that I didn't like about GTAIV is fixed and improved. Some of the best writing and voice acting I've ever seen. Haven't tried online yet so I can't comment. Like I said this is what a game should be and a game like this is why we buy high end PC and not crappy consoles. As others have said thanks for the consoles for beta testing for us. Buy this game and show developers why PC is the best platform for games.
game-hours: 26.4
review: This port is great !!!!! I played it with GTX650Ti all high and got 3-170 fps All the girls in strip club is suck Keep talking about your "master race" thou
game-hours: 15.9
review: what can i do?? the game is not openig. always loading - loading. i have Win 8,1
game-hours: 100.4
review: After 2 days of playing GTA V, it's such a realistic Los Angeles replica. But there is a Big Defect!!! There is no Lowrider Car customization!!? No Hydralic available and no custom lowrider paint job(which exsist in San Andreas). And also, The Declasse Voodo(Chevy Impala) only comes with a rusted version, no clean car available, so dissapointed!
game-hours: 36.3
review: WAY BETTER THAN ON THE XBOX 360!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 26.4
review: Amazing and even better than I expected!
game-hours: 31.0
review: It's fun and I like it
game-hours: 46.9
review: So far this game is fantastic. The port from console to PC is working flawlessly. Visual detail looks great on high settings, and I have no issues in rendering or visual appearance. This game is a bit of a resource hog, but that was expected from the start. Overall 9.5/10
game-hours: 46.9
review: So far this game is fantastic. The port from console to PC is working flawlessly. Visual detail looks great on high settings, and I have no issues in rendering or visual appearance. This game is a bit of a resource hog, but that was expected from the start. Overall 9.5/10
game-hours: 46.9
review: eat, sleep, get shot by 6 year olds, repeat.
game-hours: 0.1
review: This is literally the most diverse game I have ever played, you literally can do almost anything, its like the most realistic simulation, that acctually simulates anything you might do in everyday life... As well as living a thug lyfe. BUY THIS GAME NOW!!!!!
game-hours: 50.9
review: Bare Boobs at Strip Club 15/10 would kill strippers again.
game-hours: 3.6
review: >punches air outside Simeons garage >BSOD 11/10 would load forever in safe mode, play with glitched distance fog and wait 1 day for preload to complete again
game-hours: 16.3
review: Runs good gg no re
game-hours: 28.1
review: So Far game looks good just need to do some more online
game-hours: 46.3
review: game is fk coll bt cant play WATAFAK rockstar srs
game-hours: 37.8
review: Pretty freakin awesome
game-hours: 153.6
review: No more phone calls from your "buddies" that wants to go bowling
game-hours: 86.2
review: Best GTA ever!
game-hours: 5.7
review: 2.6 hrs on record, seems nice, right? This is exactly how long the time I wasted on trying to enter this freaking game. Rockstar, DAFUQ?
game-hours: 22.8
review: ing joke will not load
game-hours: 15.2
review: 10/10 still the best game ever
game-hours: 54.2
review: simply awesome ... truly is the definitive edition ... and very well optimized runs great on an AMD FX-8350 / 8 Gb ram / AMD 280x with almost everything at very high / high.
game-hours: 24.8
review: K
game-hours: 45.9
review: AMAZING
game-hours: 49.7
review: Seriously who doesnt buy GTAV ? :D
game-hours: 68.1
review: Two years for a PC port and they still release it with the mouse input tied to frame rate for that laggy, crappy port feel. 10/10. Would lag again.
game-hours: 39.0
review: Community is a bunch of asses, but thats to be expected with the Grand Theft Auto Community. The story mode is great though, just a few kinks and glitches to iron out. If you aren't a total , give me an add and LLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLETS PLAY!!
game-hours: 22.2
review: My god its awesome
game-hours: 35.2
review: Grand theft auto is the popular and recomendent game in the world and i very like to play this game and i tell that this game is the best!!!
game-hours: 20.1
review: epic epic epic
game-hours: 32.3
review: Cant even get into the title screen. Great game
game-hours: 24.6
review: this is one of the most fun games ive played in a while!
game-hours: 49.9
review: first day, first (my bad...) impression Soooo. to be honest... i would not call this a review. there. bye. what did i find out in the what would it be? 3 minutes? not much. Driving a car with A and D? not my cup of tea. If you out in time enough you probably will find out what key combination needs to be used where. I am not into controller games and not liking this. It looks kinda cool and probably a lot of people will like it. But for me this is just a xbox or ps whatever flashy game that has weird controls (like left x arrow up lolstick left yada yada) and that translates to me guessing when there is a popup somewhere on screen telling me that... wait what letter? i was still running to find out what i needed to do.) it's me. i know. i'm old, i know. 50 euro through the drain. you know.... If you are into these games... have fun. from my perspective i would not reccomend it. but i guess i am the oddball here. so i changed my vote to yes. second day (i'm a dork. i know) I've been shouting and cursing to get further in the game. I have to do everything 5 times before i understand what to do. (sooo. i'm not good at it.) it is however as beautiful as they say, its almost like a movie. (my wife even wanted to know what movie i was watching. That good does it look for a non-gamer. the gameplay... it's still a mess and obviously geared towards the controller play. It is playable and i am convinced that i can get deeper into the game. so i'm in. i'll keep updating my review during the gameplay.
game-hours: 41.1
review: No longer have to put up with Brucie calling me bro. 10/10 would buy again.
game-hours: 24.4
review: me and my friends stormed a fort filled with naked old people and killed every last one before being persued by the police for an hour 11/10 would definetly recommend
game-hours: 41.3
review: Bought the game twice for Xbox 360, Once for Xbox One, And once for PC 11/10 Would buy this game again
game-hours: 29.9
review: Amazing game you can do evrythin,but loads are to long for everyone
game-hours: 19.4
review: Great optimisation (If you have the latest drivers from AMD and NVIDIA), Great Graphics, Great Storyline, followed up with an excellent Online. Hopefully GTA V should recieve some mods down the road from now, but until then im sure this game will give me 100's of hours of fun. Well worth the asking price.
game-hours: 12.4
review: Very Nice Game!
game-hours: 34.3
review: Disclaimer! * If you let your kid play this you should have them taken away.* Cause its that cool. - Trevor. Are you tired of office PC oooot? Yes? Well then Los Santos is a haven for you! Here at Los Santos we make fun of everyone! Black American culture, White, mexican, poor, rich, entiled, lazy, crazy! It doesn't matter! Why when we settled our great city we took special care to shove your liberal, right wing loving feminist nazi hating self views right where the sun doesn't shine! Here at Los Santos we bring suvival of the fitest back to you! Nature versus Nurture is placed on full display for your high idiotic teen while we tell multi layed adult jokes and provide commentary on what is wrong with the world! :) 9/10 would repo the yellow hummer again. :) Graphics 10 Controls 8 Sound 8 It's a good port fellas. Seriously though Trevor will kill you if he sees your dang 12 year old online.
game-hours: 12.6
review: Optimized VERY well. This just proves that most PC devs don't even try. Obviously because they have a secret deal with GPU manufacturers to optimize badly --> more sold GPUs. This is basically an old game with new skin. But that's some nice looking skin, and runs silky smooth. Some people have had problems like crashes. For me zero crashes. Had a problem with installing though, GTA5 needs 120 GB space to unpack files, even though after it's complete, it's only 60 GB. But the game works fine on (modern) HDD, doesn't need SSD contrary to what many believe. Loading time is not long.
game-hours: 40.3
review: Good game!
game-hours: 16.6
review: Just buy it
game-hours: 3.2
review: okay
game-hours: 96.1
review: AWESOME !!!!!!!! BEST GAME EVER !!!!!
game-hours: 18.8
review: Kicked a cat then shot a hooker and stole her money. Life doesn't get any better! Especially when it looks so good while doing it!
game-hours: 21.9
review: Does not run, no support.
game-hours: 35.0
review: epic
game-hours: 56.3
review: THE BEST <3
game-hours: 27.5
review: Good game.
game-hours: 34.2
review: I CANT SIGN IN THAT SOCIAL CLUB THING, HELP
game-hours: 61.9
review: This must be like what finding jesus feels like.
game-hours: 59.8
review: This game is the best Grand Theft Auto I have ever played. (And one of the best games I have ever played) I Played it on Xbox 36 originally but compared to PC that fealt so stripped down to what it really is and i'm seeing that now. The story isn't the best ever but it has some intresting characters like Trevor, a very well acted out psychopath. The gameplay is great however atleast for me the starter keybinds are a bit wonky. Lot's to do esspecially if you have never played it before and it's your first time playing it ever. The graphics are amazing on almost any graphics level to be honest and it's a pretty stable game. The only issue is that for windows users the game tends to wanna crash and have issues. However Rockstar did say they would eventually fix this issue and so other than that this game is fantastic.
game-hours: 81.9
review: Runs fine on very hight 1080p FX6300 4.5ghz R9 280 OC 8Gb RAM 1333mhz But if u have 4gb, nevermind. The game just can't run on 4Gb. About the game: 10/10. It's GTA, I don't need to explain it.
game-hours: 46.7
review: where is my pre order money ? :'( i have the code but it's already used and i dont get the pre-order money in game? i bought gta V yesterday 14th
game-hours: 61.8
review: Can do Yoga 10/10
game-hours: 26.3
review: Moves like Jagger came up on the radio and I became insane after killing everyone on the server to the rhytm of moves like jagger 10moves/10jagggers Would Listen to the radio again
game-hours: 26.3
review: Moves like Jagger came up on the radio and I became insane after killing everyone on the server to the rhytm of moves like jagger 10moves/10jagggers Would Listen to the radio again
game-hours: 59.0
review: Very nicely ported over to PC, with an extensive list of Graphics options. Can't comment on keyboard and mouse because I spent 20 quid on a controller for games like this a while back and much prefer using it. Make sure your drivers are up to date and don't try and push the options beyond your hardware and you should be fine. Reading some of the wailing and gnashing of teeth at launch I can see why Rockstar aren't that keen on releasing for PC.
game-hours: 24.8
review: THE BEST GAME ON THE BEST PLATFORM INSURES AND SECURES GTA V'S CROWN TO BE THE BEST ENTERTAINMENT SOFTWARE EVER FOR THE NEXT DECADE. Key pros: GRAPHICS Settings (LOTS of options) Realistic Scale Story On PC Would recommend to aliens XD
game-hours: 23.5
review: Having sex in first person mode. 11/10 IGN Would Sex Again
game-hours: 89.1
review: Worth the Wait !
game-hours: 16.0
review: dayum son, where'd you find this? well me myself i just pre-ordered it on steam, AND IT IS EPIIIC!
game-hours: 29.5
review: YAS.
game-hours: 17.7
review: Start a convo with a chinese guy (press E to have a convo and respond to em). Get the cops called on me. Cops come and shoot me to death. 10/10
game-hours: 29.2
review: If you intend to play this game Online, you better have very good internet connection.
game-hours: 38.7
review: I love this game, The graphics OMG the best i came from ps3 to PC and i am loving it i recommend people to buy such a fun game to play you wont regret it. :D
game-hours: 38.7
review: I love this game, The graphics OMG the best i came from ps3 to PC and i am loving it i recommend people to buy such a fun game to play you wont regret it. :D
game-hours: 7.7
review: Glad I don't have Roman ringing me asking me to go bowling. 9/10 Now let me make it rain $3 in the strip club in peace
game-hours: 63.2
review: I preordered this game played the  out of it the day it came out and the next and i have 18 hours on the game in 2 days 10/10 would smack an old lady in the face with a baseball bat again. :))))
game-hours: 39.5
review: Blows the console version away. They cannot do On the Xbox 360 or CrapBox 1 and CrapStation 4 what the PC does for this game. Rockstar! You the man!!!!! For you Console guys who think that is real gaming. Buy a PC cause all you are buying with the Xbox and PlayStation are dumbed down PC's they are not even consoles anymore. Put the thousands you spend in a console and asseseries and buy the real deal.
game-hours: 34.0
review: damn
game-hours: 32.9
review: I love the game, it is a lot more fun than 4 was. Thank you Rockstar!
game-hours: 9.6
review: Meh.
game-hours: 14.4
review: this game sux
game-hours: 10.9
review: It is very good version of very good game. 60 fps and some minor graphic enhancements really make game feel more polished and enjoyable. First mission in 60fps:
game-hours: 20.5
review: Best PC game available 10/10 would wait 6 years again
game-hours: 20.5
review: Best PC game available 10/10 would wait 6 years again
game-hours: 10.2
review: Sweet!
game-hours: 2.3
review: In all the years I use Steam I never was so disappointed by a (faulty) launch. As many others compain too, the game just crashes after the start for me. I get some cryptic message that the game crashed unexpecedly and that I could try again or ... visit the Rockstar support page. No logs, no error codes, no nothing. My account name also doesn't have special characters or anything, all my drivers are uptodate, I don't have any exotic system setups, etc. etc. . Yes all my other games run perfectly. This is simply a terrible exception handling. It has never happened to me before, and I can only advise people to wait with their purchase. It happens for too many people who pre-ordered and pre-downloaded. This needs - once again, typical Rockstar-style - a couple of months of fixing, and then, maybe, I will be able to play the game I bought months ago to finance their early beta.
game-hours: 21.0
review: no funciona quiero mi dinero porfavor steam
game-hours: 47.4
review: Overall the PC version is 110% better than the console versions. I'd recommend it if you enjoyed the game on console and the only issue (not a huge deal) that I have is the flight controls. They're just kinda hard to get used to at first. I went ahead and changed the controls so that the mouse controls the pitch and stuff for the planes and helicopters. Also, I turned the sensitivity for the mouse during flight way down...just gives it an easier feel I think. Murdered A Hooker With A Hatchet 10/10
game-hours: 17.2
review: Great game but im having some serious issues. 1. the game crashes after about..10-20 minutes of playing 2. its totally laggy/unplayable (i just get about 5-10 FPS..sometimes maybe 20) even tho i have the requerements.
game-hours: 76.3
review: More than a great game.. you can spent hours on this game on the Story mode, and on the online with friends? OMG, you going to seat on the computer all day all night Very Great Game. Rockstar,you did a really good job:)
game-hours: 14.9
review: Stuck at "loading story mode". Seems to be no fix as for now... So yhea since so many have problem even playing the game i would not recommend it for now...
game-hours: 56.6
review: 12 hours in one day, my  hurts, my eyes hurts. But I've never had more fun in a virtual world. P.S Hookers drop back your money when you murder them 10/10 would no life again
game-hours: 54.7
review: good example of modern AAA title. Get it and judge for yourself.
game-hours: 119.3
review: If you pre-ordered this, I can sum up so far what i've done with the 500k in two words: Strip club.
game-hours: 21.5
review: This game has inspired me to rob banks and beat up hookers for the rest of my life. 10/10
game-hours: 31.5
review: Going to start with negatives: - No more street food vendors. Wtf R*? - Cars either refuse to react because you are slow or overreact if are going fast. - Killed a streetwalker and medics didnt show up - After WatchDogs and being able to creep on streetwalkers, GTAV streetwalkers are kinda dull and lifeless. Wish they had more ai to them. - Car handling and damage model is . Pros: - The world itself is well done and decently sized. - For a game with the open world scope it looks good. - Seems well optimnised and runs great. - Its GTA. Will update after I play some more.
game-hours: 19.4
review: Very Fun Multyplayer. Extraordinary campign.
game-hours: 75.9
review: Insanely anticipated game and with all the preparations RockStar did the ONLINE feature wasn't working for the first 45-60min, or if it was it let players on slowly in groups ( not to overwhelm servers ). So far haven't had any "GameCrash", but had 2-4 connection with server issues when i played around 12 hours ( THATS FRIGIN AMAZING ). Those who feel salty or unhappy with the purchase Steam and RockStar let you get a full refund becouse of these issues. Compared to some other games the launch of this was working way better, comparing this to WoW expansions, D3 launch/expac, ArcheAge.... and the list continues on. Most of my crew members were in the game and online within 45ish minutes of the moment when game got enabled for us. GJ RockStar.
game-hours: 24.6
review: Amazing port ! My PC just meet the minimum system requirements but still running at 60FPS at medium settings
game-hours: 1.3
review: Rockstar fix your game NOW, tried every fix for being stuck on the social club loading screen, nothing worked. Thanks for the refund, it's in my steam wallet and when you fix this pos maybe I will buy it again.
game-hours: 65.6
review: The game was released 14 hours ago and I have 13.5 hrs on record, need I say more? In all seriousness though; Grand Theft Auto Online alone makes every buck worth it.
game-hours: 26.2
review: Amazing game, Graphics on fleek. People complaining of crashing, cuz ur pc sucks
game-hours: 34.8
review: Rockstar has completely outdone themselves this time around. The game runs great! I get an average of 60 FPS on my HD 7850 2GB OC and i7 2600k. The graphics are a huge improvement as well. I was a little worried about purchasing this game, but I am glad that I did. Keep it up! :)
game-hours: 43.2
review: gay
game-hours: 69.4
review: FIX THE DAMN CRASHES!!!!!
game-hours: 16.7
review: "Best empty session simulator of 2015"  you rockstar felling like an emo who joins the game and everyone leaves...
game-hours: 21.8
review: I STUCK IN THE WAIT SCREEN 3 DAYES
game-hours: 36.2
review: Social club is the biggest crap I have ever seen. Im sorry Rockstar but if your going to put a game on steam, DONT FORCE US TO USE SOMETHING THAT NO ONE WANTS. However if you must oppress us in this way, please use something that works.... It let me play once and gta V is a beautiful game yet the next time I had to sign in again, it refused. Claiming that either my steam was linked to a different account or locking me out due to too many "unsuccessful" (HEAVY SARCASM) log in attempts. I have tried numerous times to log in, change passwords, switch accounts, anything to just play your game, unfortunatly to no avail. I have realized that at this rate it will never work, so thank you for nothing. GTA V is a great game but social club ruins it entirely.
game-hours: 1.4
review: This game is for me, and a lot of other people, a broken and dissapointing experience that only brings frustration with customer support half- at best. Sure Rockstar, you got a few results for a few bugs, but allllll the other ones you are baltantly ignoring, thank you for that. Wish Steam would simply give me a refund for a game where i can only start up the social club before everything goes wrong, but alas, that is only a distant hope at best.
game-hours: 1.4
review: Although it is an amazing game, it requires the worlds beefiest computer. It has no graphics setting for adjustment and is un-playable in current state. Would not reccomend to a friend 4 doritos out of 8 mountain dews
game-hours: 2.7
review: Game won't even run, going to get a refund and buy it on xbox one. If they could atleast put out some info on when we could expect a patch or something but absolutely left in the dark which makes it seem as if they aren't even working on anything otherwise they would mention it somewhere. Save your money until you are 100% sure itll work.
game-hours: 43.4
review: Three days! None patch to fix launcher problem! Do not buy steam version! Buy the retail version and do not use steam to play it, you will not have any problem with launcher!
game-hours: 8.1
review: Social Club....What more can you say. No support to fix it and its a game that simply won't run. A broken game is what you will recieve. No way to improve the issue currently even after following their support website.
game-hours: 76.9
review: well its gta v on pc...say no more
game-hours: 11.0
review: My + & - +Great game overall +Runs well +-Already played through the story multiple times so the story mode is pointless but still fun +-Fun but not so fun to play in online if you dont have any friends who own this game (pls add me if you want to play :D) - FOV in first person should be higher - Little too heavy to run even with some high end pc's Overall rating 14/04/2015 : 8/10
game-hours: 41.3
review: More realistic than real life 10/10
game-hours: 84.4
review: Best Grand Theft Auto game ever! 10/10 100% recommend
game-hours: 22.7
review: The 1st person view :D
game-hours: 109.1
review: runs way smoother than I tought damn on very high settings ~100 fps
game-hours: 6.0
review: I can't even get pass that police car chase 10/10
game-hours: 44.8
review: Aqu4botz Recommended 11.6 hrs on record Posted: 13 April Last year pre-ordering watch dogs was the worst decision. This year pre-ordering GTA V was the best decision. The game floats like a butterfly, stings like a bee, runs so fast even console peasants can`t see.
game-hours: 25.7
review: 4/14/15 After needing more settings tinkering than i would like, i finally have it running properly, and its a nice game. The 4K looks fantastic! 4/13/15 BUGS BUGS BUGS cant start properly, always have to start in safe mode because it zooms in to the top left corner of my screen if it starts normally
game-hours: 21.4
review: .
game-hours: 1.8
review: FASDA
game-hours: 25.3
review: cool game would buy 5 million times but i dont need that many copies
game-hours: 51.6
review: better than console version. pc master race.
game-hours: 44.1
review: Love this game since it was released on PS3 It's like San Andreas but more graphical
game-hours: 3.1
review: CAN'T PLAY
game-hours: 4.6
review: Well i have a gaming laptop and sadly to say this game doesnt work. i am of the many users who has an Intel/AMD GPU. I've tried the temp fixes listed on the several websites including ROCKSTAR still no good. I hope they fix nad make a patch soon. For now since i can even play it; its a NO.
game-hours: 3.3
review: Boring.
game-hours: 45.7
review: all i can suggest is do not buy this game now wait 6 months the game us currently unplayable for a lot of people there is an issue that comes up for most people where after playing a few minutes the game will have a dramatic frame rate drop and then eventually become unplyable all together no matter what settings Rockstar knows this is happening but they are simply refusing to patch it yet they are focusing on the stupid windows installer thing when this issue is bigger in my opinon
game-hours: 75.1
review: Never had a dog so loyal. 1O/1O.
game-hours: 17.6
review: Game does not start - says my product key is being used, no answers from Rockstar Games. Unsatisfied customer. Cant recommend a game after all this wait and it does not work. Bad or NON customer service to solve this issue. Thanks for nothing.
game-hours: 24.4
review: Lag spikes
game-hours: 10.7
review: Runs smooth on my AMD Phenom X2 and Geforce GTX 560. Storyline is great and online has no lag.
game-hours: 6.0
review: Absolutely fantastic optimization. Even with a mid-range gaming laptop, I get 40ish FPS @ 1080p
game-hours: 8.5
review: It's GTA.
game-hours: 22.2
review: Never felt this anxious and hyped for a game in a long while and the best of it all is, is that it was worth the wait and the hype is lived up to. I want to thank my mom for giving birth to me to allow me to experience this great game. I want to thank the console peasants for alpha testing it on Xbox 360 and PS3 and beta testing it on Xbone and PS4. 10/10 would have a sleepless night before a release date again.
game-hours: 29.2
review: This thing is beautiful, I had it on peasent box360.... 1000x better on PC so well optimized and beautiful, only had 1 crashing probelm put i threw out my extra chromosome and I found out how to fix it within 10 minutes and now its fine! :D <3
game-hours: 35.9
review: >Inb4 crash bug >Game launches fine >Laugh at friends with crash bug >Inb4 no multiplayer >No multiplayer >I Cry 10/10 would cry again
game-hours: 1.5
review: Start Game Do the Rockstar launcher login thing Start game Crashes after 2-3 seconds Thanks Rockstar
game-hours: 18.9
review: My profile picture explains everything.. -10/10
game-hours: 22.5
review: ON MY CHEST AND CALL ME NANCY THIS GAME RUNS IN FINE!
game-hours: 117.6
review: good game, stop the text wall reviews.
game-hours: 36.3
review: Welcome to the master race, GTA V
game-hours: 36.4
review: Game is riddled with fuuking glitches and bugs, if i manage to get on it's a good 10minutes worth of play... 22 hours trying to get through loading screen 1 hour total play.
game-hours: 14.5
review: ING VERY FANTASTIC GAME!  -    -  Hi-End  4K 60 FPS  -     -    10/10 ING FASTASTIC!
game-hours: 10.4
review: I pre-ordered 2 months ago, Installed game on the release date, started game, game asked for cd key I used it and it said its already used. I'm not the only one who has this problem, I see loads of people complaining about this on twitter and Rockstar doesn't care.. 10/10 wouldn't waste money again..
game-hours: 0.9
review: Biggest Piece of  ever! paid for it, spend 3 days downloading it as the servers used for preload are just crap and now i cant even play the ing thing. the GTA V launcher crashes every time i try and run it. As i cant even play this game, Rockstar needs to GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK.
game-hours: 37.6
review: Already played on PS3. Appart some "minor" launch bugs everything is nice and looking good. I can't say really good untill i get a new PC ^^ Can't say much about multiplayer. If it becomes like on Consoles you won't have much fun outside friend sessions. 90% griefing. So what else could i say? It's GTA! And now get the  off and play the damn game already!
game-hours: 170.7
review: Gta online experience, one of the first tutorial mission is to rob a convinience store. After robbing it... 6 other players waiting outside and shoot you when you go out. People are jerks 10/10.
game-hours: 55.5
review: I know how a few words don't make a review, but if you really need to know why to buy this game, you really shouldn't.
game-hours: 70.2
review: Woke up in the morning, opened GTA Thought I walked outside 10/10 - My social life is dead
game-hours: 78.7
review: Everything you could ever want in a game!
game-hours: 9.3
review: I can't understand how they can do such a huge screw up on the first day. Launch is not working for Windows 8 PCs. What the f**k did they test this game on beore releasing it?
game-hours: 46.2
review: Great Game Of Awesomeness
game-hours: 98.6
review: Game doesn't work ;(
game-hours: 66.0
review: Killing cats haven't ever been so much fun.
game-hours: 10.6
review: This game is amazing!!. A shame this game costs 40 squids. Should be 20-25 for the delay. Had issues running this on my PC kept crashing ect but i finally fixed it.
game-hours: 1.1
review: THIS GAME IS SO DAMN COOL EVEN MY GRANDMA IS SNATCHING FROM ME. U SHOULD TRY THIS AND LET UR DOGS PLY NIETHER.
game-hours: 51.0
review: more satisfying than dying slowly of mercury poisoning
game-hours: 41.4
review: Good fun but, Crash fest. 5/10
game-hours: 12.7
review: 5 days from launch and still i cant play almost 50% cant play and rockstart is not showing any message of them knowing of the problem or if they are trying to fix it at this point i would not recommend the game cus you have a 50% chance of not being able to play for now i would say i dont recommend it but if they fix all those launch problems so everybody can play i am probably changing my opinion and if the game runs smoothly and they all those who still cant play (including me) lets just hope for a fix soon
game-hours: 68.0
review: ...
game-hours: 40.6
review: No more Roman's cab :(
game-hours: 66.3
review: got the game to launch went into first person started a fightclub got called a ucker 10/10 ign
game-hours: 27.3
review: This game has a nice online mode. Minus the  load times, I really enjoy this grindy game that has nothing but mission grinds and other . I like this game because black people. Rate 1/10 bad load times fix please you rongles.
game-hours: 85.2
review: best gaem ever
game-hours: 65.2
review: 10/10
game-hours: 34.6
review: Just gonna throw this out there you gotta have a pretty beefy comp to run this. But enough about that lets talk about the game. Everyone knows it's great so that enoguh said. If you played this on the prev gen consoles then i would stay say buy it cause playing it in third person makes it feel like a good game. 10/10 would mass murder again
game-hours: 29.8
review: gr8 m8 8/8
game-hours: 38.0
review: Very nice graphics and addictabled game.
game-hours: 62.5
review: robbing banks wish i could do that in real life:(
game-hours: 39.0
review: For anyone who likes the Grand Theft Auto story line this is very diffrent but much the same, this game is very worth buying!
game-hours: 18.0
review: Massacred half a highway, tortured a man in the story, I felt normal. Accidentally stomped a cat, felt horrible for the rest of the day.
game-hours: 36.6
review: You Won't Need To Live Anymore After Buying This Game
game-hours: 113.7
review: Welp, there goes any chance of me stepping outside again. 10/10
game-hours: 33.7
review: buy this
game-hours: 11.6
review: Amazing
game-hours: 15.6
review: This is the first review for me and im sad to say its a bad one. The game looks amazing and seems like it would be fun as hell if i could play it. Every time i join a free roam server I get a flood of messages saying that everyone disconnected. Its really me disconnecting because of some bug. I opened a support ticket with rockstar and they have not replied. Doing some research into this I have found that many people across all platforms are experiencing this. Rockstar made a guide to fix the problem which said to forward some ports and disable your firewall among others things. Well I tried it, and it did nothing. I really hope they fix this but I doubt they will. Because this has been going on for years. I think they are just not worried about the few that are getting this bug because the majority are not. Just goes to show how much of a  company they are. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNTIL THEY COME OUT WITH A PATCH. Or risk wasting 60 ing dollars.
game-hours: 125.6
review: "I Told You I Could Blow a Million Dollars in a Day Simulator" 10/10 Best overall video game ever made. The addition of a first person mode in a true 60fps experience is breathtaking and a MUST-HAVE feature in future GTA games. GTX 970+ recommended for a great 1080p/60fps experience.
game-hours: 9.9
review: BEST GAME EVER!!!!!11
game-hours: 38.4
review: I've waited so long. So so long. I'm so happy. That is all. Thank you.
game-hours: 24.3
review: Had to decrypt it for 2 hours.... 11/10 Would decrypt again.
game-hours: 7.3
review: This game is a . I get don't send all the time..
game-hours: 23.7
review: I've played GTA V on the xbox and was blown away. Once I got it here, however, I will never think about going back to the console for this masterpiece of a game. It runs fantastic; looks amazing; and the 1st pov makes it feel like a completely new game. This is how you port a game. This is how you make a game! It has everything you could possibly want. No point in reviewing the game itself. If you don't know what it is by now, then it obvisouly is not something you'd enjoy. Suffice it to say, this version is THE version to own. It runs on a wide variety of PCs - up and down the spectrum. If you can run it with the settings turned up, wow. You are in for a treat. Shut up and give them your money. You won't regret it.
game-hours: 25.4
review: No social life now. 10/10
game-hours: 63.0
review: After several delays and being constantly fed the idea that Rockstar have been "optimizing" the game, the final release of GTA V should of been amazing. Far from it. Out of the box, there have been serious game-breaking issues, but I was one of the lucky few who managed to avoid both the Windows User snafu, as well as the corrupted preload issue (Hi Steam!). But that's where my luck ended. GTA V isn't optimized at all. It's almost insulting that a 360 would experience less crashing than my PC. Half the times I zoom in from the cityscape (as you do when logging in or switching characters) the game will crash to desktop. Perusing the Rockstar forums, I'm not the only one, and sometimes the issue is 100% replicable on specific missions (Blitz Play). Great jaaaab. Expect to sit through an hour of load times for every 3 hours of play. Other times, especially when online, you'll crash to desktop for simply holding W+D+Right button as you would when you turn a corner while adjusting the camera. "Oh, but I've done that plenty of times!" Yes, and it doesn't happen each time, but when it does, you either suffer a 10-15 second FPS drop to 10 frames or crash to desktop. Not exactly optimized. "Oh but Zooks, you've played 40+ hours! Obviously this hasn't been a real issue..." - bruh, calm your . My longest uninterrupted play session was a sad 2 hours and 15 some minutes. That was probably one of my first online sessions. As I played more and more the game became increasingly unstable. Between the infinite loading screens and the Rockstar social issues, I've taken to avoiding online completely, which isn't helped by the fact that the game will eventually start forcing you to startup in online mode when all you want to do is switch to story! The only advice R* has taken to giving is to verify cache or redownload the game. I think not. I will not waste another day downloading this obscenely large game (60gb, but 120gb to unpack) nor another 2 hours to verify that everything was indeed present just to experience the same issues over and over. I've had enough of this . R* dropped the ing ball as I knew they would. I always expected them to cash out on preorders and abandon the game, and so far, it looks like they've done just that. I wanted this game to work out and with what I've been given, I feel like a fool for investing in it. And before grabbing this game, I recommend reading some actual positive and negative reviews from people who've played more than 10 hours. It's disgusting how many people put their two cents in before the creampie R* has given their bum has dried.
game-hours: 9.0
review: TORE MNG
game-hours: 25.9
review: +1
game-hours: 12.2
review: This is THE perfect game. Let me explain why: - It performs really well from a technical point of view, even on older machines. - The story is enriched with high quality non repetitive action missions with excellent acting and very amusing dialogue. - The characters are fascinating, with unique interesting personalities which makes them very likeable and you can easily relate with them and root for. - The gameplay is highly responsive, the driving mechanics are very satisfying and diverse with different cars. - Has great replayability and an immense, detailed interesting open world to explore. In short, it has everything you ever want in a videogame and if you don't agree with this sentence, you might want to re-evaluate your videogame standards.
game-hours: 30.4
review: really good game 10/10
game-hours: 2.0
review: dont buy this game it's a ing waste of money wont even work what a piece of  wont load ive tried everything and still doesnt work help can i get refunds or somthing or get a different game cos im  myself cos of this
game-hours: 2.0
review: dont buy this game it's a ing waste of money wont even work what a piece of  wont load ive tried everything and still doesnt work help can i get refunds or somthing or get a different game cos im  myself cos of this
game-hours: 53.6
review: i7-4790K R9-270X crossfire 16GB Ram WD HDD black With these spec, the game crashes randomly and non stop. Worst game ever
game-hours: 29.9
review: random frame drops to 15 fps for 20 sek < known issue f*cked up mouse, based on frame rate, 90 fps slow mouse - 40 fps - fast mouse < know issue do not buy <
game-hours: 21.5
review: the HUD is a bit confusing but besides that the game is great(havent play multiplayer no comment yet)
game-hours: 0.6
review: not working
game-hours: 8.8
review: My system specs are well above the base-line. However, my experience running the game has been less than satisfactory. After running the game for about an hour my PC blue screens (I have not experienced this with any other software) and shuts down. The game sometimes opens in windowed mode for some reason - it should automatically open full-screen or give me an obvious option to do so. The game is fun when it works.
game-hours: 23.8
review: "Niko, my cousin, do you want to go bowling?" "Hey Michelle! It's Niko. Listen, do you want to go out?"  that.
game-hours: 25.4
review: i just crashed. again. once they fixed this it should be good.
game-hours: 6.8
review: CAN'T FUUKING LOAD THE LAUNCHER.... WTF?
game-hours: 87.6
review: I saw Trevor's balls.
game-hours: 87.6
review: I saw Trevor's balls.
game-hours: 4.8
review: suck my  fgtssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
game-hours: 35.0
review: It's your cousin, Roman. Would you like to go bowling one last time? :(
game-hours: 29.3
review: Best Game this year ,I'm an AC fan but this is awsome!Go buy it !
game-hours: 19.9
review: The best version of the game by far. 4.6/10
game-hours: 56.8
review: 11/10 I haven't seen the light of day in 72 hours
game-hours: 19.8
review: I feel like i've played this before...
game-hours: 16.4
review: this game and everyone who made it
game-hours: 7.7
review: Impossible to make a new character and get accepted to any missions or keep up with everyone already 50+ AND doing anything at lv 1 with no money = might as well save up to 500$ and killyourself most exciting thing in the game!
game-hours: 10.6
review: This game is amazing!!. A shame this game costs 40 squids. Should be 20-25 for the delay. Had issues running this on my PC kept crashing ect but i finally fixed it.
game-hours: 79.6
review: this very GOOD COOLLLL
game-hours: 27.4
review: awesome
game-hours: 22.6
review: Pros: Excellent Port. Very Well optimized. I'm probably going to enjoy playing it. Cons: No Hidden E3 settings. These should be standard after Watch Dogs popularized it. 9/10 Taking a point away due to the lack of Hidden E3 settings and the rage that would have followed which, could have led to hours of entertainment.
game-hours: 7.7
review: Got my character from ps3 . good old times , got to see my old cars and stuff then gta5 crashes , and aint because of my pc
game-hours: 23.4
review: Get sick looking cars - 10/10. Get all the weapons and guns my heart desires - 10/10. Get all the secrets and easter eggs - 10/10. Get hella rich off of stock market - 10/10. Bang hookers - 0/10 (Don't want them aids). Rob a store - 10/10. Get a car wash like no other car wash game - 10/10. OVERALL - 11/10 would buy again
game-hours: 13.9
review: If you're still sat on the fence, Buy it. Runs nice, good story and great gameplay. Well recommended.
game-hours: 1.1
review: THIS GAME IS SO DAMN COOL EVEN MY GRANDMA IS SNATCHING FROM ME. U SHOULD TRY THIS AND LET UR DOGS PLY NIETHER.
game-hours: 21.5
review: Pros: GTA Cons : ?!?!? profit.
game-hours: 35.0
review: perfect game, i like the resulotions, the settings, everything... perfect game
game-hours: 82.6
review: others people play gta rob bank doing heist i watch tv 10/10
game-hours: 11.6
review: Amazing
game-hours: 15.6
review: This is the first review for me and im sad to say its a bad one. The game looks amazing and seems like it would be fun as hell if i could play it. Every time i join a free roam server I get a flood of messages saying that everyone disconnected. Its really me disconnecting because of some bug. I opened a support ticket with rockstar and they have not replied. Doing some research into this I have found that many people across all platforms are experiencing this. Rockstar made a guide to fix the problem which said to forward some ports and disable your firewall among others things. Well I tried it, and it did nothing. I really hope they fix this but I doubt they will. Because this has been going on for years. I think they are just not worried about the few that are getting this bug because the majority are not. Just goes to show how much of a  company they are. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNTIL THEY COME OUT WITH A PATCH. Or risk wasting 60 ing dollars.
game-hours: 11.8
review: 5 stars....wasted!
game-hours: 60.6
review: So good that i forgot to wank. So i went to the strip club...
game-hours: 39.0
review: For anyone who likes the Grand Theft Auto story line this is very diffrent but much the same, this game is very worth buying!
game-hours: 59.8
review: This game has the WORST graphical settings of any game I have ever played. If I run this game with every setting on minimum, the game lags, has texture pop in 5 feet infront of me (if the textures pop in at all) and looks god awful. If I set all settings to max, then the game lags, has texture pop in five feet infront of me, and looks *slightly* better. The driving controls are beyond obscure, and I actually went back to to an Xbox One controller and performed better than anyone else in my match. Plainly, this game is horribly optimized beyond anyhting I have ever witnessed.
game-hours: 41.4
review: Good fun but, Crash fest. 5/10
game-hours: 12.7
review: 5 days from launch and still i cant play almost 50% cant play and rockstart is not showing any message of them knowing of the problem or if they are trying to fix it at this point i would not recommend the game cus you have a 50% chance of not being able to play for now i would say i dont recommend it but if they fix all those launch problems so everybody can play i am probably changing my opinion and if the game runs smoothly and they all those who still cant play (including me) lets just hope for a fix soon
game-hours: 12.3
review: May be biased because this game is currently unplayable for me... What a shame was really looking forward to this title.
game-hours: 2.9
review: still cannot play becouse of the AMD/Intel Laptop Combo problem R* is disapointing atm I dont recommend the game for those who have this combo i'll change my opinion once i can play
game-hours: 91.1
review: Worth the weight
game-hours: 35.0
review: From the forums: "Friendly reminder of how moderation usually works: (order of events) 1. People make many threads discussing the same topic. 2. Moderators merge all similar threads. 3. Forums maintain some semblance of order. 4. People go into a rambling, confused tirade about free speech (forgetting that this is a private forum) and censorship before hitting the "Post History" link on the right hand side of the page and locating their posts. There are redirects to inform users where the threads were merged to, However. during events (such as release, patches, updates, promotions, etc.) we forego redirects since we would get 2/3rds of the page fill with redirect links. TL;DR. We do not censor posts. Before creating a new thread, check if there is already one discussing your topic. Similar threads get merged." Rockstar's mods are great, sensible people and the only people whining about the game are people who don't understand the rules.
game-hours: 51.0
review: more satisfying than dying slowly of mercury poisoning
game-hours: 75.5
review: i have macbook pro with 8gb ram and i can run gta V on very high
game-hours: 4.8
review: I've gone full butthurt because I can't run it. 0/10
game-hours: 38.6
review: I LOVE THIS GAME . WAITED 4 YEARS TO PLAY IT. R8 888888/8 - It's like Skyrim with guns WITH GUNS!!
game-hours: 86.0
review: dont know why everyone's complaining. if you can't follow BASIC instructions, hell, you just need to press 3 buttons to link your steam account and activate your code, then you probably shouldn't have had access to this game. everything worked for me since day one, gj Rockstar
game-hours: 16.7
review: 10 FPS.    ! 10  10,   !!!
game-hours: 1.2
review: I love how history repeats itself release GTA GTA does not work either faff around or wait for a fix I'm just going to wait, too many times have you f** up rockstar, social club and window live etc is the worst move you ever made GG, see you when it's done
game-hours: 9.9
review: BEST GAME EVER!!!!!11
game-hours: 55.1
review: "Could use some polish on the graphics and optimization. 6.5/10" - IGN
game-hours: 33.7
review: Just give it 5 minunets...10/10
game-hours: 46.9
review: What can I say... it's Grand Theft Auto... love it
game-hours: 21.6
review: If you like the previous couple GTA games, you'll like this one. GTA V is the familiar GTA formula with a lot of additions. Thumbs up!
game-hours: 39.1
review: Outstanding graphics and highly addictive. There is always something to do leading to countless hours of Enjoyment. I would reccomend.
game-hours: 22.7
review: ing love this game :D very well optimised the only bad thing was that R* really took the  taking nearly 2 years to come on to PC! I mean come on i think R* made alot of money from it though most people have baught this game twice or three times now at 35+ but all in all very very amazing game HIGHLY recomend it to anyone the game runs at 60fps all the time at medium settings (1080P) on a bad pc my pc specs: i5 3330 nvidia gtx 640m 512mb vram (i overclock this :P by 30 mhz) 8gb ddr3 ram
game-hours: 46.5
review: Its GTA... One of the smoothest launchs I have witnessed. Brilliant game...
game-hours: 37.0
review: Good port, once the random crashed and fps drops are fixed this is GOTY
game-hours: 33.7
review: Best GTA game to date , hoping a talented person makes a trailer park boys mod!
game-hours: 217.5
review: Seems OK at first glance, I haven't really gotten into it yet.
game-hours: 44.5
review: Running on a GTX 550 ti. Looks pretty great, no lag till 5 hours straight of gameplay. Aside from that the game is ing perfect.
game-hours: 103.4
review: So far I played this game over 50 hours, enjoyed every single moments. Time fly and missions are fun to do.. yes even if I do it again! My pocket is always low in cash, thanks for let me live the HIGH LIFE. Stealing cars for quick money or rob the cashier at 7/11. The heist mission are hard, if you don't play with a good crew. You will never finish it. Find 3 best players with mic, even hard mode seem easier! Totally worth my purchase, looking forward for DLC!!! PS: A lot of people play this game on low setting, it's doesn't make me lag but it's painful to see them in spectator mode.
game-hours: 53.9
review: It takes awhile to load the game, but hey this is a 59GB game man... So far there's only occasional hang for few seconds during my game play, mostly are caused by my Nvidia GT640M 2GB otherwise i will be able to run this game at 25 - 30 FPS This game is absolutely addictive, be prepared for not stepping outside for at least a week
game-hours: 126.0
review: "I Told You I Could Blow a Million Dollars in a Day Simulator" 10/10 Best overall video game ever made. The addition of a first person mode in a true 60fps experience is breathtaking and a MUST-HAVE feature in future GTA games. GTX 970+ recommended for a great 1080p/60fps experience.
game-hours: 2.0
review: Crashes 5 seconds in everytime I try to play.  you Rockstar.
game-hours: 29.5
review: I thought HD versions of games were supposed to come out years later-oh, wait...
game-hours: 46.4
review: Instead of my funny reviews ill make it sweet and simple Buy It Now 10/10
game-hours: 102.8
review: 11/10 best game I've ever played in recent years. Most of all, the company respects their work and their gamers instead of treating them like cashcows.
game-hours: 22.1
review: NC GAME BTW I LOVE IT
game-hours: 29.1
review: Because, why not ?
game-hours: 31.5
review: i tried to play GTA 5 online, that i linked from ps3 and it says unable to initiated the communicate with rockstar.. i need ahelp
game-hours: 1.3
review: The way they decided to start up GTA 5 on a persons' PC os very poor. There are glitches and problems with the start up. I can't even acess my game becasue they couldn't find a decent way to start the game.
game-hours: 74.1
review: As a massive fan of GTA4, I have to rate this game 3/10, there's too much to do, I personally prefer games which have no content in them but still get 10/10 on sites like IGN, this game confuses me as I have options on what to do, this is almost as bad as San Andreas.
game-hours: 19.6
review: I waited too long for this, I made it! At last its finally here. locks myself in room, see you in 2 months ps: the game is more fun for me offline then online for some strange reason.
game-hours: 30.5
review: Did not live up to the hype, and I feel as if this game should cost 30$.
game-hours: 7.8
review: It's GTA V. 9.5/10 It's not on console 100/10
game-hours: 6.4
review: gg
game-hours: 10.0
review: 10/10 worth buying
game-hours: 57.5
review: Rockstar did a great port of GTAV. I really like graphics option in the game. it's detailed and various. WONDERFUL! MUST PLAY! 11/10
game-hours: 106.5
review: I was really mad Rockstar's severe dealy of its realse. But It is really optimized. Though I already played on xbox 360 but PC version is Ulitimate version of GTA V. Good work~!!!
game-hours: 51.1
review: BEST GAME
game-hours: 74.7
review: Just epic ! :D Love this game !
game-hours: 93.9
review: Freaking AWESOME!
game-hours: 10.7
review: Hell to the YEAH !
game-hours: 26.0
review: It's okay, watch dogs is better though.
game-hours: 86.1
review: Love it having a blast
game-hours: 58.4
review: Had no issues the day of launch, it is very well optimized. I can run it at 60 fps with a gtx 770 and everything is on very high or high and looks really good. Using 2500mb of memory for the game but card only has 2gb and still runs fine. Been on for 9 hours so far and still want to play more. This game is amazing.
game-hours: 23.6
review: Really fun. And I get a good framerate on my hd7870 which is a plus, hardly ever drops below 60fps :)
game-hours: 60.4
review: GTA ONLINE STORY W/ FRIENDS: IM DRESSED UP AS JIHADI JOHN FROM ISIS WE GET IN A CAR I HOLD OUT A GRENADE AND SUICIDE BOMB 11/10 MUST BUY
game-hours: 5.0
review: Aside from Day One launch problems, GTA V on PC is all that you dreamed for and more
game-hours: 48.2
review: Grand Theft Auto V. It took Rockstar 17 months to make this port. Was it worth the wait.... YESS! Graphics are amazing, some of the best I've ever seen, and not to mention the options you have to customise the game to your own needs. I've noticed a few glitches in the game, but nothing major, I assume they'll be fixed soon. This game is awesome!
game-hours: 27.5
review: 10/10 peformance is surprisingly good and it looks great. I have looked forward to this since the first trailer for gta 5 was released.
game-hours: 35.5
review: I can sign up to play golf but really just use the clubs to murder innocent golfers. But, if that gets boring I can go online and beat up innocent golfers with friends. 11/10 would "golf" again.
game-hours: 22.3
review: You have been waiting for 19 months? Well, here the good new, you'll have to wait only few more months to get this game's bugs are fixed.
game-hours: 49.0
review: The story is great, the graphics look amazing and the multiplayer is even better. What else do you need from a game?
game-hours: 37.1
review: Service Pack 1 Update Simulator. Nvidia Driver Update Simulator. GPU Disabling/Enabling Simulator. 11/10 Would lose my time trying to make this game work again.
game-hours: 59.1
review: Words fail me when i try to give you a concise and specific discription about this game .I was not sure at first if my PC could run it at an acceptable digree,but the appearence is amazing!! the effort Rockstar made is very much appreciated. still i want to say ,the game is attractive. But never throw the real life away.
game-hours: 87.5
review: I was planning on getting a job, working out, and learning to cook. But instead I got on GTA and did a job, went for a run, and ate snacks. 10/10
game-hours: 53.9
review: Very good game
game-hours: 32.5
review: very fun game too play.
game-hours: 30.8
review: really good game 10/10
game-hours: 8.8
review: Killed a cat, got on a bike, ploughed into the back of a car, hit a lmapost and died 11/10
game-hours: 46.9
review: I selleded my waif to bei des gaym i hav to sai its very gud 9.21/10
game-hours: 16.4
review: You might as well call console GTA V "GTgay V".
game-hours: 23.7
review: I've played GTA V on the xbox and was blown away. Once I got it here, however, I will never think about going back to the console for this masterpiece of a game. It runs fantastic; looks amazing; and the 1st pov makes it feel like a completely new game. This is how you port a game. This is how you make a game! It has everything you could possibly want. No point in reviewing the game itself. If you don't know what it is by now, then it obvisouly is not something you'd enjoy. Suffice it to say, this version is THE version to own. It runs on a wide variety of PCs - up and down the spectrum. If you can run it with the settings turned up, wow. You are in for a treat. Shut up and give them your money. You won't regret it.
game-hours: 19.2
review: This game is graphically outstanding, gameplay wise is just fine. Grand Theft Auto 5 runs very smoothly with my beastly computer and all i can say is that first person with the best graphics on, is like playing a game of Life
game-hours: 25.4
review: No social life now. 10/10
game-hours: 65.7
review: 10/10
game-hours: 27.3
review: This game has a nice online mode. Minus the  load times, I really enjoy this grindy game that has nothing but mission grinds and other . I like this game because black people. Rate 1/10 bad load times fix please you rongles.
game-hours: 63.0
review: After several delays and being constantly fed the idea that Rockstar have been "optimizing" the game, the final release of GTA V should of been amazing. Far from it. Out of the box, there have been serious game-breaking issues, but I was one of the lucky few who managed to avoid both the Windows User snafu, as well as the corrupted preload issue (Hi Steam!). But that's where my luck ended. GTA V isn't optimized at all. It's almost insulting that a 360 would experience less crashing than my PC. Half the times I zoom in from the cityscape (as you do when logging in or switching characters) the game will crash to desktop. Perusing the Rockstar forums, I'm not the only one, and sometimes the issue is 100% replicable on specific missions (Blitz Play). Great jaaaab. Expect to sit through an hour of load times for every 3 hours of play. Other times, especially when online, you'll crash to desktop for simply holding W+D+Right button as you would when you turn a corner while adjusting the camera. "Oh, but I've done that plenty of times!" Yes, and it doesn't happen each time, but when it does, you either suffer a 10-15 second FPS drop to 10 frames or crash to desktop. Not exactly optimized. "Oh but Zooks, you've played 40+ hours! Obviously this hasn't been a real issue..." - bruh, calm your . My longest uninterrupted play session was a sad 2 hours and 15 some minutes. That was probably one of my first online sessions. As I played more and more the game became increasingly unstable. Between the infinite loading screens and the Rockstar social issues, I've taken to avoiding online completely, which isn't helped by the fact that the game will eventually start forcing you to startup in online mode when all you want to do is switch to story! The only advice R* has taken to giving is to verify cache or redownload the game. I think not. I will not waste another day downloading this obscenely large game (60gb, but 120gb to unpack) nor another 2 hours to verify that everything was indeed present just to experience the same issues over and over. I've had enough of this . R* dropped the ing ball as I knew they would. I always expected them to cash out on preorders and abandon the game, and so far, it looks like they've done just that. I wanted this game to work out and with what I've been given, I feel like a fool for investing in it. And before grabbing this game, I recommend reading some actual positive and negative reviews from people who've played more than 10 hours. It's disgusting how many people put their two cents in before the creampie R* has given their bum has dried.
game-hours: 45.8
review: Rockstar did a great port of this game! I agree there were a few mishaps with the servers at launch and such but that happens with most big titles. Game runs smoothly at 60+fps on my 290 without dipping lower than 55.
game-hours: 28.6
review: Got online. Only one other person online. Bought a plane. Crashed it twice. 10/10
game-hours: 39.7
review: awesome
game-hours: 17.6
review: My real life car was wrecked after playing this game. 20/10 -IGN
game-hours: 1.3
review: This Game Took 2 days too install after finaly being able to run it i've never gotten past a Not Responding Screen Unfourtunite Yes Expected Duh! If you Pre-order guys Expect a broken Game thats why They give DLC content. So again Yes i cant wait to play this game but after spending 2 hours im not going to reinstall again instead ill check back every 24hrs till it works i guess haa
game-hours: 56.6
review: Love this game so far!
game-hours: 10.7
review: Its no longer just a game, its a experiance for the soul. I played GTA V on the xbox since it first came out and this is quiet honestly the best experiance i've had with it ever since then, and i've had some great experiances. If you want a game where you can do pretty much anything you want and have it look amazing at the same time then this is a game you dont want to pass up.
game-hours: 59.8
review: 10/10 Would bang again 4 ever m8 -IGN
game-hours: 34.8
review: GTA ONLINE, Hop in online, see quite a number of low level peps, says hi, dey be rude, trys to kill me with pistol, shoots back, says i rude 2 dem, WTF LOGIC?!?!?!
game-hours: 25.7
review: All i have to say is amazing, just amazing.
game-hours: 23.7
review: I would like to thank all the Console gamers who beta-tested for the PC version of GTA V.
game-hours: 36.5
review: Robbed a liquor store and then drove off into the sunset to "Fortunate Sun" playing on the radio. 6/10
game-hours: 93.3
review: Haven't played it much but it is an awful game /s
game-hours: 79.3
review: Cheap Kopatel Online's clone.
game-hours: 16.5
review: I would love to offer a review of this game, if it would even START. Maybe if rockstar got up off their beanbag chairs filled with 100 dollar bills and weed and realized nobody wants to deal with social club, it could be launched using steams perfectly fine overlay, and this whole  issue with social club blanking out would be resolved. But, then again we have to rememebr it's not as if they actually give a  about any of their customers. Review staying negative until i can actually play, which I'm guessing won't happen until wednesday of next week, if I know Rockstar.
game-hours: 57.0
review: Worth the waiting.
game-hours: 54.8
review: Don't buy the game at this point! The game is crashing every 5 min. i7 780Ti
game-hours: 96.6
review: <3
game-hours: 21.7
review: goooddddd
game-hours: 20.0
review: Drive cars, become a pimp, fly planes and have fun with s. 10/10
game-hours: 22.8
review: ERR_GFX_D3D_INIT
game-hours: 19.7
review: With new update is very very good! 60 euro for something good!
game-hours: 6.5
review: its gta 5 so yeah dont know what to say so mlg420noscope 3fast5u
game-hours: 37.9
review: It's GTA alrite, I would do pros and cons, but we all already know them all. Great series, another great game. +fk you thinking I can't write a review right after release
game-hours: 66.3
review: 0/10 Cant go Bowling with my cousin
game-hours: 21.0
review: Having to redo missions because the game crashes randomly or because drawing a weapon while in a vehicle which then causes the game to crash is not fun, not recommended until these issues are fixed.
game-hours: 56.5
review: Amazing smooth game 11/10, U wot m9?! Computer specs: Frequency 1.8 Ghz under minumum requirement, run the game like a beast!! Deal with it, m9!
game-hours: 48.6
review: You know what I'm going to say....
game-hours: 68.3
review: Best game ever created. (period)
game-hours: 21.8
review: This game is worth the $60. It might of taken 2 years but in the end it was all worth it. If you played this on counsil or you like the old games (gta 3, gta san, gta vice, gta 4) I would highly recomend. If you have a realy good computer you will love to graphics/60 fps. If you have a lower computer don't worry the game is realy well optimized. Hope this helped.
game-hours: 24.8
review: I would recommend this game to every1!
game-hours: 21.7
review: Played it on a buddy's ps4, loved it. Finally got my PC copy, love it even more.
game-hours: 34.7
review: Crazy 10/10
game-hours: 38.2
review: Grand Theft Auto 5 is a remastered version of an insanely popular last generation title which has been built from the ground up for current generation consoles and also ground up on a separate build for PC owners. Given the modding community has been enormous for the franchise since the release of open world GTA 3, each release to PC in this franchise really does generate a lot of interest. In this iteration we have Franklin, Michael and Trevor, who live in the region of Los Santos. Though we don't get to go to Liberty City or Vice City, we do get a little bit of time in the state of North Yankton, Canada. Two of the three protagonists have a big job together and generate some history prior to the events of GTA 5, and this leads into the story where Michael encounters his new adopted son Franklin. The story is definitely the most interesting in the series, and it really does run like a dream for PC owners. The story goes for a considerable amount of time, but I played basically all the easily available missions and had it complete in less than 35 hours. There are a few bugs, and the steam forums seem flooded by technological noobs, and there's a serious issue with SLI, but the game really does pay respect to the PC community for the first time from the games developer. The game features an all new angle which allows the player to connect to the protagonist a lot more, and because of the new first person mode, I found myself less obligated to go on rampages and to drive well. In fact, driving is so much easier with this new camera angle. For the first time since GTA3 was released, it really does add a lot of value to the game, but it's not refined like most first person shooter game development companies release - I hope this will be more apparent in the next game in the franchise. We also have a stock market, by which if you aren't familiar with what you can earn by investing in which company in which time, you'll miss out on much of the post-campaign content. The system itself is intriguing, educational and fun. I ended up having all three characters have about 170 million dollars thanks to the stock market, and one of my characters will be earning half a million for every week that passes, so I definitely can't complain. You're able to buy properties, visit bars, strip clubs, play sport, buy weapons, and of course, pick up hookers. The controversy has officially passed for me in that the ability to be able to access the mature content isn't really interesting anymore - even though it's really important to the game. If a gamer is playing only for the mature content and violence, I'm willing to bet that player isn't legally old enough to play the game. I was hoping we would see smarter AI, firetruck missions, ambulance missions, and vigilante missions, and all of those features we saw in San Andreas and Vice City, but I was disappointed. The wanted system is easy to evade and presents no real challenge, there were no additional missions besides taxi missions, and the game is really quite easy. As with my previous points, it doesn't pack a lot of interesting content besides the main campaign and a few extras, but the game veers towards being an online focused game. I applaud this, but I don't at all consider myself a multiplayer player, though it's currently one of the most popular online games in the world.I feel all these things along with proper SLI support are the only things this title is missing, and it's otherwise a complete version of any GTA game. Perhaps for the next title? Having completed this game on Xbox 360 and PC now, I can highly recommend this title to any adult who shares an interested in the franchise, nostalgic or not. The story is totally worth it, and the AAA PC release is beautiful and scalable to many different computer hardware configurations. It's a title that's worth having in your collection. I'm really looking forward to GTA 6, and the possibilities of playing around in an equally beautiful North Yankton, Liberty City or Vice City.
game-hours: 22.8
review: Worth it.
game-hours: 14.2
review: It's GTA V. You should already know if you want it or not. As for the PC version: looks great, runs great, has a ton of options and features. This is a great port. The usual suspects of loudmouths are having problems (this is what happens when you have 1M+ sales in a day) but if you have a modern PC with up-to-date drivers you should be fine. Don't expect to be able to crank everything to max though, there's a lot of options that have a huge perf hit for a relatively minor visual improvement. Be wary of ultra grass and extra high resolution shadows. You crazy people with Titan X SLI should be fine though :P
game-hours: 40.3
review: Fantastic game with loads of opportunity and replayability. Best game of past few years for me.
game-hours: 9.9
review: whatever patch was released killed my performance.. day 1 was playing with everything cranked to the max.. now whatever they have done to the game has killed my performance.. crazy menu UI stuttering same in game stutters whenever trying to pan my camera around.. not sure what they did but id like them to undo it.. and give me back my performance.. until then i wont touch this game
game-hours: 15.6
review: when u guys dicide to fix a game that people bout the day it came out and still cant play i think its a waste of time and money cause still no fix should of stayed on ps3 hacking it cause clearly u dont give a to fix it
game-hours: 77.3
review: Absolutely fantastic. Runs like a dream, and is gorgeous.
game-hours: 27.6
review: Don't rely on Rockstar Support to ever give you any assistance with this game. Due to a stupid design feature you have to log into a Rockstar Social Club account in order to play the game even if you do not want to use any of the on-line features. By their own admission a number of these accounts have been "compromised" (or in plain English hacked) mine being one of them. As this Rockstar account is linked to my Steam account I am now unable to play a game which has cost me nearly 40 UK pounds. Rockstar' Support's answer to my logged requests for assistance ? Absolutley nothing. Thank you so very much Rockstar.
game-hours: 60.2
review: Eh, is k.
game-hours: 34.1
review: I've never had so much fun getting run over, 1.74k/10
game-hours: 3.7
review: exact same as all the other ones. refund please
game-hours: 44.4
review: It took ages to come out and its FULL of bugs . It takes alot of time to connect ( like 10 min , and almost always does not connect ) , and if you be idle for 15 min you have to do all the  again . Do not buy it until the game isnt unplayable
game-hours: 2.2
review: it sucks  i cant get it to ing work at all
game-hours: 15.7
review: It's ok. It's not worth $60 wait for it to go on sale. The driving gets old fast and the online is not that good. The size of the world is impressive and the voice acting is really good.
game-hours: 29.9
review: this game has many issues even though it has been out for consel for like 2 years. I keep having issues with it crashing and not getting me into lobbies. Honestly if you dont have a good computer just get it for the consel becuase that is probably the way to go
game-hours: 84.8
review: I walked past a cop got shot in the face 10/10 would trust the law again.
game-hours: 6.4
review: Ran from cops listening to backstreet boys on the car radio 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 19.3
review: i v\cant cassa usewer
game-hours: 2.0
review: KUP MI
game-hours: 39.7
review: Amazing simply put amazing. GTA4 has nothing on this neither do the wash out dogs. So much to do so much fun to have controls are great story is nice
game-hours: 1.6
review: Its been over a week now, And my Activation key has still not been re sent to me. Very upset. I pre ordered this game to play it, not to sit and watch my friends play it. Grr.
game-hours: 20.1
review: 9999/9999 would buy again and again
game-hours: 97.4
review: I was patient and did not play this game until its release on PC and I have to say it was totally worth it. The optimalization is great, the game does not lag and does not crash. Simply the greates Grand Theft Auto game right after San Andreas of course and Im not speaking about GTA: Online because its just as magnificent and phenomenal as the singleplayer.
game-hours: 4.8
review: Social club failed to load due to an incomplete installation (code 4) Methods given didn't work. 40 people found these methods helpful and 1000 didn't.. thats saying something. Been a whole week now and still not one word about fixing these problems. The customer support is so poor, its hard to believe im experience this from a company that made 1 billon+ off this game.
game-hours: 16.6
review: Hard to give more than streched 3/5. Maybe 5/10? First is the price. 60 for a a year/2 years old game? What the ....... And its not even a new game, its a port of a game from consoles. Second, nothing revolutionary in the game that would be valued 60. Its just GTA. If you played 4 theres nothing new here for you folks. Good stuff? Well yea, very nice graphics, game runs nicely, I had no problems with the game crashes etc. Plenty of new content but its still just a bit upgraded GTA4. All in all, even if its so "hot" game it is not worth 60. Simply wait for sale unless you're GTA die hard fan.
game-hours: 41.0
review: I dont know what im doing..kinda how i feel like in LA. Nice people though. I want to play more of GTA but i just get lost.
game-hours: 12.9
review: The magnitude of the map and just how open the world is for exploration and causing chaos makes the game extremely fun even with no goal or mission at all. The port is very well done and plays well. Controls with kb/m are clunky the first hour or two but you get used to them fast. No regrets for full price on this one, the hype was real.
game-hours: 19.9
review: I hated it initially. I thought it was poorly optimized trash. Then I installed 15.4 Catalyst Beta released specifically for GTAV for AMD Cards and it made all the difference. I'm playing the game 5760x1080 Triple Monitors Eyefinity Crossfire 2x 7950's with a i7-4770K and 16GB or RAM on an SSD. It's now a dream.....Like butter. The 15.4 Beta Driver made all the difference.
game-hours: 78.0
review: no more sunlight inc
game-hours: 70.7
review: I cockblocked my dog by killing another dog. 11/10 IGN
game-hours: 22.7
review: After almost 10 days of trying to fix my GTA V, I finally did it! and the problem? I didn't have Windows Service Pack 1 installed..... I lavh GTA V nao ing 11/10, I want to give it mah bbs jaysus chrest.
game-hours: 68.2
review: With all the push backs for this game, it was worth the wait and pain at the same time. I don't know how the consoles versions look like but let me tell you, the PC version is beyond worth pre-ordering. I love it. It's thee best grand theft auto game ever so far.
game-hours: 55.8
review: The game is giant, full of content, innovation, the storyline is interesting, every mission is interesting, nothing you do feels repetitive, the game easily immerses you into it's world, having 3 characters, to me, feels like Rockstar covered every single point of view that you usually get from GTA protagonists, Franklin for the times of GTA: SA, Michael for every other protagonist, and Trevor for those crazy rampages you used to go on for no reason, just because it's fun to kill people. Currently, GTA: Online is full of annoying bugs and is barely playable, the servers put you in with people all across the world, chinese, australian, which makes playing with them impossible due to lag, and ruins the overall experience, Rockstar has a lot to fix before Online becomes fun, but you can still go ahead and give it a try.
game-hours: 99.3
review: My IMO score: 10/10 Why? Don't have to answer Roman's calls anymore because he isn't in the game. Seriously though here are my points: Story: I haven't played it yet but based on my brother's gameplay,it is really well crafted and very unpredictable except for some parts. There are also a lot of twists in the story.The inclusion of 3 protagonists was also done very good with each of their respective Special Abilities. Cheat codes are fun too! Online: I played about 99% of my time in Online. The community as I expected is SOS or shoot-on-sight kind of players so you don't really have a room for making friends. The real fun comes when you are playing with your friends. The jobs are actually good and make a really stable source of money.Beware though,vehicles are very pricey and it will be a while until you bought your first legitimate vehicle. It will still be longer before you bought your first apartment too! Although they are very expensive, they give you a safe haven from the rampaging players that shoot you down with no remorse. They also give your owned cars a safe place where other players can't blow them up and you have to call the Insurance company to get it back. The most expensive ones looks something that only Iron Man can buy,hell, the Garage already looks like a house. HEISTS: my favourite part of Online. They are cooperative missions that need good teamplay and effective communications. The succeeding heists after the first one are extremely hard without teamwork but it really feels good once you bring home the bacon. It gives you a darn lot of money especially if you are heist leader (I got 200k once). The problem is that most of the players who joins your heists are 1). Noobs who cant do . 2.) People who don't know what to do. 3.) people who Perform their roles poorly and 4.)just incompetent s who sit around  while you and possibly others are getting  by the police. However, when someone you know or trust gets together on one crew, you can have actually fun and it doesn't even feel that you are competing. You also burn through heists quickly and you level up fast. Optimization: Hell, this console port doesn't even feel like it! Truly the PC Master Race has prevailed. The graphics looks very beautiful. The streets and cities are very lively. The effects are truly stunning. All this runs on my decent laptop with the following specifications: GTX 860M(Single) Intel Core i7-4710HQ 2.5Ghz-3.4 16 GB RAM. It runs around 40-60 FPS on Very High settings with no AA and on 1920x1080! There is a little stuttering and screen tearing but it isn't really noticeable and it is just probably my eyes getting damaged from playing GTA V constitently. Well, that's all I could say for this review. This review will be updated as the game also updates on PC
game-hours: 20.1
review: 9999/9999 would buy again and again
game-hours: 39.7
review: Amazing simply put amazing. GTA4 has nothing on this neither do the wash out dogs. So much to do so much fun to have controls are great story is nice
game-hours: 6.6
review: Crashes non-stop for no reason.
game-hours: 45.8
review: Absolument MALADE!
game-hours: 65.1
review: loading screen simulator 2015.
game-hours: 9.9
review: Waiting for this to arrive on the PC was WELL worth the wait. I am running an FX8350, Radeon 290 4GB & 16GB of G. Skill RAM, with all settings completely maxed at 1080p with the exception of Anti-Aliasing at 2x. The game runs very smoothly with no lag once loaded, and no slow downs whatsoever for me. This game looks and runs far better than Watch Dogs ever did. GTA V for the PC is ultimate proof that developers can optimise to run well for both AMD/Intel, Radeon/Geforce cards.
game-hours: 77.8
review: this game is fun but it runs like crap never once have i hit 60 frams andi have over the recomended settings. its more buggy then watch dogs and multiplayer i cant move it lags so much dont buy this unlell its 2200 and there are super computers.,
game-hours: 0.9
review: ok i spent 40 to pre order this game thats fine the date is delayed again, bit annoyed but ok ok 14th of april release can't because of 60gb download 16th of april downloaded ok let's play nothing happens reinstalling 21th of april reinstalled nothing happens rockstar's support crew is non existent and steam can't be bothered to help i think 40 is expensive for something i cant even play
game-hours: 41.6
review: Great Port Great Game Worst Heli/Jet Controls Great Driving Online is laggy Rockstar did good job 8/10
game-hours: 15.1
review: WARNING! DO NOT BUY THIS GAME AT THE MOMENT! WAIT FOR PATCHES! NOT WORTH GETTING A ING BROKEN PIECE OF  RIGHT NOW. Now that I've vented I'll be more detailed. This game is amazing truly is. Some of the best graphics I have seen since Alien Isolation. The damn thunderstorms in this game alone make me cream my pants. However I'm getting crashes every god damn 15-20 minutes of play time. I can not see how after multiple delays this game is still not release ready. I trust Rockstar that they will fix these issues in a good amount of time. But once again this game proves that 1 you should never pre-order a damn game and 2 that the launch of games nowadays means at least 1 month of patching will most likely fix things. Buy the game a month from now when its actually finished. It sucks a lot because I really want to play the story which is the main reason I bought the game I love the storylines in all of the GTA games and this one seems like the best so far. I'll just have to wait a bit longer than I hoped to enjoy this game. Release rating: ing Poor as . Expectation rating: Classic...when its fixed.
game-hours: 21.0
review: Rockstar Games       gta IV            gta IV            pc             !! (      )
game-hours: 69.7
review: It's not a game. It's a masterpiece!
game-hours: 44.1
review: It's best game next to Ducati World Championship.
game-hours: 2.1
review: It's ing Grand Theft Auto V. Need I say more?
game-hours: 28.1
review: AWESOME GAME
game-hours: 43.6
review: .
game-hours: 86.8
review: Pro: Nice Game! Con: Loading like 10 mins for GTA Online
game-hours: 119.0
review: Love it, 10/10 best GTA ever, believe the hype.
game-hours: 39.6
review: f*ckin' awesome
game-hours: 95.8
review: like any other game finish it get bored move on, online is a massive joke lobby times loading times , abuse of every kind from keyboard warriors - unprovoked.... its unplayable unless you have 4 or more freinds online at once and do the heists, but after that then what, it had so much potentional but it fails bad as an mmo save your money your wasting your time
game-hours: 27.9
review: Doesnt Work on my gaming PC. I have tried everything that has been posted. I opened a rockstar support ticket and they have now deleted it - I guess they're too busy sitting on a beach counting their money. Look at the last fix announcement - 22 pages of replies demonstrating Rockstar are just not fixing the issues, and thats just the steam users. I cannot recommned this game until Rockstar can be bothered to fix the game.
game-hours: 11.2
review: Excessive load-time simulator 2015
game-hours: 0.5
review: IN THAI :  Dependency MFREADWRITE.DLL is Missing . Please reinstall the game.   IN ENGLISH: I try to play Grand Theft Auto V after downloading it through Steam, Have the key code and it said: Dependency MFREADWRITE.DLL is missing. Please reinstall the game. and I did not know where to reinstall it at with Steam and they directed me here. Please let me know what to do
game-hours: 18.4
review: GTA Online = Best loading simulator ever would loand again
game-hours: 88.0
review: Good Game Laggs ( I have AMD Raedom 7700 ) Low FPS Low video memory ( no idea how to fix msg me ) I recommend the game, but check first if your computer handle the awesomeness.
game-hours: 53.0
review: I absolutely loved the game on gaystation 3, The only reason why I bought a gaystation was to play GTA V and it was totally worth it (selling it now btw) and now I finally have this masterpiece on my 600 potato. It runs smooth at 30 FPS at high and you dont need a 4000 pc to run this like most console peasants like to exeggrate their stuff. Anyways, 60 is quit high for a game (imo) so if you can wait to buy this, wait for a sale or something. You really want to play this masterpiece to bad? Go ahead and throw 60 at gaben' fat  (jk, I love you <3). My overal rating would be 8.5/10 It just lacks some life, I mean, the city is almost empty and there barely isn't any traffic/pedestrians. Rockstar should take an example from Watch_Dogs, the city if full of life!
game-hours: 67.1
review: 10/10 Would sell csgo skins again
game-hours: 52.6
review: Do I really need to review? Have you really not bought this game yet? Come on, its GTA V... The only reasons you could possibly have for not owning this yet is: -Your computer can't handle it -You can't afford it right now -You realize your internet wouldn't be good enough to run it anyway -You think its "too violent and offensive" -You are waiting for them to get the Online to run smoothly (which for the most part, they have already fixed this, so there is really no need to wait any longer) -Your a whiney , and you can't enjoy things that are fun -This isn't your type of game (you don't like the genre) -Your waiting for it to go on sale -You played it on console and you don't like the idea of replaying games (I had it on 360 as well, but i see no harm in replaying, especially now that they have heists and stuff) ________________________________________________________________________________ If you haven't met any of these reasons I listed, please, enlighten me, why don't you own this game yet? (seriously, leave a comment, I am curious) ________________________________________________________________________________ If you don't like this game, it is not the game that is wrong, it is you. If you meet any of the reasons I listed above for why you don't already own it, then you probably shouldn't buy it, because honestly, this game is not for you. Also, you should not buy it if you are: -Impatient -very critical (gets unproportionally upset about tiny flaws) -easily offended -going to give a negative review because you lose connection to a server every once in a while, on an otherwise NEARLY perfect game (while the game has mainly fixed problems with disconnections, you must understand that with the number of people playing at a time right now, it is to be expected that servers will lag [compare to COD])
game-hours: 15.9
review: I play this game to much. Send help.
game-hours: 18.8
review: (   ) So Good...
game-hours: 78.3
review: I miss bowling.. I miss Roman ;_;....
game-hours: 33.8
review: no roman, no bowling how to win DARTS?! 10/10
game-hours: 31.1
review: AWESOME!!!!!!
game-hours: 32.4
review: great graphics!
game-hours: 19.7
review: Game's fun, well optimized. If it crashes for you, set it to fullscreen and install the latest Nvidia driver.
game-hours: 9.7
review: This game has tons of content. This game has a great story line. This is also the same $#!tty port that is GTA PC. When I read that Rockstar included 1st person I was really excited so I pre-purchased. I don't care about delays btw. What irritates me the most is how every gameplay video I saw made this game look like a jewel for the PC. I guess the real fault is mine for not owning a 4+gig video card rig. I have 2 Nvidia GTX 560s in SLI that run most of my games fairly well. I know, I know, those are not top end 60+fps on Ultra cards on every game. And I'm not saying they are. But GTA4 looks awful on my rig. It looks like all the other "lets just port this quick to PC" games I have played. Low and behold GTA5 was treated the same way, it appeares to me anyway. I always crank up the textures and res on games I play but this game will NOT EVEN ALLOW IT. I have to play within my graphics card allotment of ram=2000mb. I know that GTA5 was developed for PS4 and XboX1 and know what the vram is for those so don't go there. But when you port a game don't make it a "Night Trap" or "Sewer Shark" for Sega CD $#tty @ $$ overlying code reading port. VERY dissapointed with this but it's not going to change so I either play it as is, upgrade my rig, or don't play. Glad we have choices here in America. Hope this review helps anyone. Fugggggggggggggggg.
game-hours: 22.2
review: Most fun i have had in a gam in a while optimised perfectly 10/10
game-hours: 1.0
review: Launcher for Social Club crashes every time, or your money back guaranteed! Thanks Rockstar! :)
game-hours: 12.5
review: I'm sure the game is fun, but besides the blatant oversight on not allowing Windows usernames with non-alphanumeric characters (how is that a thing you can screw up?!) they also blatantly lie about system requirements. I am above the minimum requirements, have no hardware problems at all, and I can not play GTA Online. It straight up hitches/freezes constantly. I get 60 fps all the time, except for the freezes, too. It's extremely obnoxious and beyond what I would consider "unplayable." I'm sure it's a good game, but being unable to play it, I couldn't possibly recommend this game. Disgusting. When I reached out to Rockstar support, I recieved no response. A week has passed with no reply, and I know I am not the only person experiencing this issue. If they can't deliver what they promise, I do not believe this is a game company worth supporting.
game-hours: 99.0
review: Grand Theft Auto 5 has many activities to offer. From racing , robbing , customizing cars , weapons , garages and the player himself. The graphics are amazing , the optimization is perfect. I have no words to say, PC MASTER RACE!
game-hours: 47.3
review: Heists: glorified missions with no variation and no customization bar new hat equiv.
game-hours: 78.9
review: 100000000000000000000000000000/10 not much to say here boys!
game-hours: 70.1
review: Tear through the immense open world of Los Santos with a crew of 3 criminals. The engaging story and GTA Online make it one of the best GTAs ever!
game-hours: 78.9
review: 100000000000000000000000000000/10 not much to say here boys!
game-hours: 70.1
review: Tear through the immense open world of Los Santos with a crew of 3 criminals. The engaging story and GTA Online make it one of the best GTAs ever!
game-hours: 53.0
review: I can play the game while most of you s can't :^) get a better pc nerdos while im enjoying gta5 XDDDDDDD
game-hours: 76.6
review: KO
game-hours: 66.7
review: Took me 50 minutes to decrypt the game to install it. 11/10
game-hours: 73.6
review: gta5 online experience theres a mission called titan job you have to steal the cargo plane and the pilot did the 9/11 he screamed like a terrorist and we all died 9/11 - best game
game-hours: 70.7
review: PC Community Worked toghether to take guy down in Tank.The FPS is good and the online seems to be working fine i just hope they continue to put out DLC updates and Eventualy allow the Pc community to Mod the game and possibly bring the game to its max potential.
game-hours: 16.6
review: in los santos neighbors get no sleep even with anybody competin even po-lice
game-hours: 33.3
review: Single player: Same as always with way better graphics(Loading screens for multi and single player take 10 years) Multiplayer: Was great for the first 20 hours or so, I get on friday morning and it kicks me from the first few servers I join I think it's my internet so I get on later. Same thing for the last 4 days no mater what internet I am on. The servers are complete  and everyone is having problems playing on them, for a AAA game it's servers are complete .
game-hours: 6.6
review: Crashes non-stop for no reason.
game-hours: 14.0
review: BEST GAME EVER! 11/10
game-hours: 61.8
review: Broken
game-hours: 54.0
review: It's great...shut up and buy it already 12/10
game-hours: 34.1
review: yes
game-hours: 57.6
review: Doesn't launch. Just tries to load and then nothing... and with Steam, no money back.
game-hours: 61.1
review: Rockstar seems to be taking a page from Nintendo with this port. The idea that you should only play an hour or so (with breaks inbetween) is strictly enforced by Rockstar, as the game will forcibly shut itself down at regular intervals. Thank you for looking out for the health of your consumers, Rockstar. <3
game-hours: 39.8
review: Goodbye next couple months of my life. FunkMaster Out..
game-hours: 22.5
review: The game is great! Both the campaign and online are good.
game-hours: 7.2
review: complete waste of time... bad port from console. They made absolutely NO effort to ensure playability for the PC. It runs poorly (compared to games of equal qraphical quality) and it takes FOREVER to load. AVOID... or at least wait until its under $10. Not worth a penny more.
game-hours: 57.8
review: ING GREAT!
game-hours: 25.2
review: YOU ROCKSTAR!!! You make us PC gamers wait MONTHS for this beautiful game! All that waiting for graphics that almost NO ONE'S COMPUTERS CAN HANDLE!!! Not only that, but there are soooo many MOTHERING BUGS AND GLITCHES!! I cant play a game for more than 1 hour without it crashing or freezing or just having insanely  glitches! As Trevor always says,"  YOU...  YOU  YOU  YOU  YOOOOOOOOOU. FFFFFUUCCKKKK YYYOOOOOOUUUUUU!!!!!!!!"
game-hours: 23.8
review: dank
game-hours: 44.2
review: What makes a good game? Good graphics? Good story? Good gameplay? Good AI? Good Audio? Good Multiplayer? The list goes on and on for what some people think defines a good game. I'm not here to argue and tell you that you're dumb for thinking graphics make a good game or anything else like that, I'm simply here to tell you how great this game is. This game is by far my most favorite game of all time. No seriously, I have played this game's campaign over 30 times and that's not a joke. I've actually played it over 30 times. I started playing it on Xbox 360 and fell in love with it. (That's where I played it 30+ times) I thought it had amazing graphics, great audio quality, tight gameplay and an amazing story. Now that I have it on PC the 360 version looks like lego. This game is one of the most beutiful games I have ever played and the best part about this game's graphics is that you don't need a $2,000 in order to play it and for it to look not just good but amazing, you don't even need a 4K moniter. This game is pretty easy to run so most of you should have no problem running it. Still not convinced to buy it? How about the story? It's amazing, Rockstar took 3 different Characters with totally different background lives and extremely different personalities and they tied them all into one story flawsly. The story is amazing, you have gun fights, you prepare for heists, you chase people in cars and the whole time it's going on you're doing something that makes sense in the story. No, GTA V doesn't have gangs but this game isn't about gangs as much anymore. GTA V is more centered around hesit and team play but there are still gangs within the game. If you like great audio then once again this game is for you. The car noises, the characters voices, the weapon noises and everything else that makes a noise is just amazing. What about music? You like great music? I do too, This game a variety of different music and about 90% of the artist on here are pure gold. It has tracks with Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar, Queen, Black Flag , Snoop Dogg, NWA and many many more great artist. Whether you're into electronic music or old school rap there's a radio station for you. The only complaint that I have is there's not a heavy metal station but the Punk Rock station sort of makes up for it. The AI is great too, It doesn't feel like there's only 30 different vehicles and only 10 different player models. It feels like the real world. There is so many things to see and do. Now if you are dead set on playing a game just for multiplayer then this game is good for that too. You create your own character and the creation even goes as far to pick your family heritage and stuff. It has a great tutorial to start you into the multiplayer and there are so many things you can do. Missions, Races or just roaming around with friends or new players online. It's a great set up and I highly recomend it. All in all this game is great to play alone or with friends. If you haven't bought it already or if you think you should save your money stop over thinking it. Simply buy this game. It's a great game. I honestly doubt you could just hate it so you're not going to waste $60, you're going to put $60 to great use. I've bought this game twice and I might buy it even more. (Hard Copy and for friends) If I do, I won't regret it.. not one bit. For day one this game has so little bugs that it's amazing. Stop reading reviews and buy this game so you can write one yourself!
game-hours: 2.2
review: Ive just Bought this Game For almost a hundred bucks and 1. Its Taken Me 4 hours to download to 90% Before Restarting and begining From 50%!!! 2. Then after having the game it took another hour to load the first Mission in storymode (Which crashed For no reason halfway through and i had to re-load again and play the mission. 3. i finally got to avatar creator on Online Mode When it repeatedly Crash again. the game then came up with a warning saying the game was curupt and now im Re Downloading it. ive wasted 2 days and 100 bucks. Thx
game-hours: 4.6
review: orcine are gta v si joca online sa imi dea add (decat cu skype)
game-hours: 24.7
review: YAY NEW UPDATE, I CAN PLAY THIS GAME NOW!!! Its an awesome game, there is so many stuff that can happen and you can do anything. This game may be heavy but it is worth the money. I recommend this game.
game-hours: 19.4
review: Most anticipated game of steam just gets first person yet you still can't aim down sight.
game-hours: 25.9
review: Incredible story, acting, characters and atmosphere. ...Yet it's filled with loads of BS like the inabilty to restart missions, Action Replay turning itself off constantly, the inability to view optional mission objectives during the missions... Also there's only like 5 haircuts for each character.
game-hours: 34.6
review: Why did the console gamer cross the road? To render the building. GTA V PC = Epic 9.5/10
game-hours: 69.5
review: Don't you love it how every single day a new issue appears with a video game? Maybe one day it will cause your game to blue screen at start up, maybe it will crash randomly in the middle of the game, maybe the game will just not load when you launch it or maybe your game will stutter from frame rate drops randomly. Also don't you love it how different issues will appear even though you have litterally changed no settings what so ever but some how something different happens with the game every day as if it has mood swings? GTA 5; you're in for one hell of a fustration ride.
game-hours: 78.6
review: loading screen sim 2015
game-hours: 11.4
review: Boobs in solid 60fps... nuff said
game-hours: 11.2
review: best game ever
game-hours: 40.4
review: Was a good game untill yesterdays update
game-hours: 40.3
review: im cool as heck lol the game is good too i guess
game-hours: 43.8
review: Wow... is all i have to say
game-hours: 64.4
review: I take that paper
game-hours: 25.1
review: +Roman's not asking me to go bowling +Looks absolutely gorgeous +So much nicer with a keyboard than with a controller +Running 50fps with a GTX 780 DirectCU II / i5 650 (@3.2GHz) +No startup problems, booted like a charm -Flickering plant textures (Review written on Launch Day, I'm sure this will change) -Launch date pushed back (Come on, R*.) 9.5/10, looks so much nicer than its old-gen counterpart, runs super smoothly even at 50fps. Lost .5 because of flickerplants. I'll edit this in a few weeks.
game-hours: 35.3
review: The online part of the game is a joke. Too often problems with lag and desync causing you to die for no reason. Loading times are really bad. The flow for joining games is utterly . e.g if you try to join a friends game and it fails (e.g. full session) then it goes like this. 1. Start game and load into a random online session (loading times are long so yeah..).. 2. You select the option to try to join a friends game 3. It then disconnects and unloads you from your current game(takes time) 4. It tries to join you friends game and fails. 5. It automatically rejoins the random online game from before (loading times again). 6. You can now access the menus and retry to join a friends game or whatever.. How should it work? Start the game, don't load any online sessions instead show a menu give the option you join a friends game. If you are in a game and want to join a friends game, SEE IF IT IS JOINABLE BEFORE UNLOADING THE CURRENT ONE. It's not rocket science. The heists and sidemissions lobby/invite sessions etc is a disgrace to the world of game development as well. Who thought it was a good idea for matchmaking to have people spamming everyone in the sessesion with "phone messages" about different missions... Story mode is pretty awesome and when the game works it's pretty solid, but to have these online problems after such a delay... geez
game-hours: 15.3
review: BEAUTIFUL!!! Was so worth the wait !!! It's amazing can't believe the DEVELOPING OPTIONS! Remember to SUBSCRIBE to Feanominal Gaming on YouTube
game-hours: 79.1
review: Bought Gta V for the Darts and Tennis , it doesn't dissapoint! 10/10
game-hours: 28.5
review: Most likely will be the best golf & tennis simulation game of 2015.
game-hours: 5.5
review: Eyeballs burned from texture resolutions and 144 FPS. Great job rockstar 10/10 would burn retinas again.
game-hours: 5.5
review: ya
game-hours: 38.0
review: love it. fun to play with freinds and just do what ever you want
game-hours: 17.8
review: GTAV is an overall amazing game. Awesome graphics, and endless things to do. 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 44.3
review: This game to GTA IV is what GTA:SA was to GTAIII. There's a huge amount of stuff to do both online and in single player. It becomes crystal clear that Rockstar weren't just sitting on the game throughout the multiple delays - they were constantly polishing it.
game-hours: 27.1
review: Amazing. A few hundread hours on consoles, allot better grapics especially vs next Gen.
game-hours: 35.8
review: I kicked a Westie in the face. 10/10
game-hours: 42.2
review: It was a tad buggy at release, but they've since patched that. Connection issues? A VPN can clear those right up. GTA5 is one of my top games of all time, but running this on PC full 1080p 60+ FPS makes it a truly remarkable experience worth the wait (and loading times). I couldn't recommend this game more for someone who enjoys racers, shooters, massive online RPGS, or any combination. A++ Rockstar you've done it again.
game-hours: 42.2
review: It was a tad buggy at release, but they've since patched that. Connection issues? A VPN can clear those right up. GTA5 is one of my top games of all time, but running this on PC full 1080p 60+ FPS makes it a truly remarkable experience worth the wait (and loading times). I couldn't recommend this game more for someone who enjoys racers, shooters, massive online RPGS, or any combination. A++ Rockstar you've done it again.
game-hours: 20.1
review: I think its a great port of the console versions and it could only get better from here
game-hours: 12.8
review: Maybe the best GTA game to date. Great port from console, awesome graphics and great fun. Runs a lot smoother than GTA IV on PC.
game-hours: 44.0
review: My #1 game !
game-hours: 43.0
review: This game is an absolute GEM! You need to add this masterpiece to your library.
game-hours: 18.8
review: I realy like the game, apart from major crashes when doinging heists, but this will properly get fixed in a patch
game-hours: 13.5
review: great game ive played it for ages for the short time that it has been out great graphics
game-hours: 41.9
review: just play on 1st person jesus i'm a insane pizzaboy delivering murderers on the blocks
game-hours: 15.1
review: It's GTA! What else do I have to say?
game-hours: 12.9
review: Why its fun: You get to kill things Rob things Fly things Shoot things Yell at people Do missions Rob more things Steal cars Why it isn't fun: DOWNLOAD TAKES A HELLA LONG TIME
game-hours: 40.8
review: steal cars, play golf, steal golfcars etc.
game-hours: 96.3
review: I don't remember the last time I slept 11.2/10 would sleep on keyboard again
game-hours: 38.2
review: Online    8.0/10   Online       100       Online
game-hours: 62.6
review: Joined an online session and got run over by a tank. Respawned and tried to rob a store and the shop keep shot me in the face as I left the store. Listening to people rob stores and sing in the shower over mic at the same time is one of the weirdest things I have ever heard. Game of the year.
game-hours: 72.7
review: Load Simulator 2015 10/10 Would get motion sickness again while flying off a bike in first person and fatal crash to desktop.
game-hours: 27.7
review: What else needs to be said. This is a masterpiece of design and programming which will be talked about for years to come. Rockstar. The clue is in the name. 10/10
game-hours: 22.9
review: One word, beautiful! Definitely the best game on PC so far. Well done R*!
game-hours: 9.4
review: Life Simulator 2015
game-hours: 39.5
review: good game. but i really hate these very long loading... and these sessions. and sometimes a huge lags... singleplayer is perfect.
game-hours: 39.7
review: This is a half thumbs up, for now. online is buggy for me. idk how fast things will be updated or even patched. otherwise fun, its gta. gameplay isnt to bad, wait till the price drops wont be long. dont see people playing this non stop, loose your freakin mind!
game-hours: 9.4
review: Life Simulator 2015
game-hours: 39.5
review: good game. but i really hate these very long loading... and these sessions. and sometimes a huge lags... singleplayer is perfect.
game-hours: 39.7
review: This is a half thumbs up, for now. online is buggy for me. idk how fast things will be updated or even patched. otherwise fun, its gta. gameplay isnt to bad, wait till the price drops wont be long. dont see people playing this non stop, loose your freakin mind!
game-hours: 6.2
review: great game
game-hours: 25.6
review: Highly Recommended. Why? Because it's GTA V and its on PC!!! Nuff said.
game-hours: 34.3
review: Best Game Ever !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 3.2
review: isn't working for shia
game-hours: 21.3
review: Fix the game breaking bugs !!
game-hours: 2.7
review: Rockstar has made no attempted to fix issues with the game's launcher system. CURRENTLY DOES NOT WORK FOR LOTS OF USERS EDIT* After about 3 hours of installing things, going through forums and checking game files the game started to work, though it should've at the beginning. The game is visually stunning even on some lower resolutions and the character switch function, although locked for the tutorials, is super fun to mess with
game-hours: 51.9
review: I started to reenact my own life within this game, It's crazy the resemblance I could match it to perfection getting all the hookers on the corner and not being able to fall 5ft without falling flat on my face! I love the fact that the fat guys on the pavement stop my car at 200mph without these guys in my life I cant remember how many times I would've been caught speeding #FatGuys! I also enjoy the times when everyone attacks you and when your show off your ninja like skills and killem they're ghosts and go all passive, they always back down in real life too since Ill have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and Ive been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and Im the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the hell out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth. You think you can get away with saying "Rekt nerd" to me over the Internet? Think again, As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. Youre frickin dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and thats just with my bare hands, I have 100% Strength skill an am not afraid to use it all on a maggot like you. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps my stealth ability makes me so ninja like the ninjas don't even know they've been ninja'd and when I take the marines Jets they're too scared to even bother chasing after me I will use it all to its full extent to wipe your miserable  off the face of the continent, you little turd. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little clever comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your tongue in or left it wrapped around that big old penguin you're hopping on. But you couldnt, you didnt, and now youre paying the price, you  idiot. You can have miniguns and I will still wipe you from this earth you'll be so dead your soul won't even live on and satan will reject you.
game-hours: 17.8
review: This is simple... until a patch comes that enables me to play the game i pre-ordered, im not recommending this game to anyone... waiting so more than a year for this... i know rockstar was under pressure to release the game but no matter how much pressure they were, they need it to do it when it was REALLY ready...
game-hours: 2.3
review: Let me first put this into perspective: The game itself is extremely good and I would recommend buying this game ON XBOX ONE/360 or PS3/PS4. Do NOT buy the PC port of this game until they do some SERIOUS patching because every single time I tried to play either story mode and GTA Online, the game would cause my PC to crash and go BSOD. I have the latest drivers installed on my PC, my specs are more than enough to run GTA V and yet every time I try to play the game, it crashes and I get a BSOD message. I've tried lowering my graphic settings, running it in windowed mode, using compatability mode, running the game as an administrator, and yet it still crashes and I get the BSOD. I went to Rockstar to see if I could get some help, only to find out that others are experiencing the same thing, they are also having their games crash and lead to a BSOD. "It's one thing if a game freezes and crashes but it is another thing when the game takes my whole computer down with it! This isn't just a game breaking bug, but a possible computer-breaking one!" This guy, CombatDurable in the Rockstar comments section stated perfectly how I felt because this game is causing my entire system to crash and could possibly end up damaging my PC if I continued, so I had no other choice but to ask for a refund. My honest opinion is that you should hold off on purchasing GTA V for the PC until Rockstar patches all of these issues because there is seriously a problem here if GTA V is causing myself and other people's systems to crash and go BSOD.
game-hours: 27.6
review: Social club 0/10
game-hours: 28.9
review: I would make a good review, but im not going to, since rockstar who has used so ing long porting this game and it still s up massively on launch, like holy ! i've been waiting since 2013 to play this ing game and now i have to sit on my  and cry for an entire week while the fedora wearing scrublords fix their ing game, 10/10 pepe approves.
game-hours: 72.2
review: GTAVLauncher not responding
game-hours: 0.3
review: Don't buy this, wait for the next few sales, it doesn't launch and it takes literal days to download.
game-hours: 45.9
review: For a game that has been delay 5 months, and released 18 months from the initial release, having any bugs is utterly unaceptable. Upon launching my game the social club launcher crashes with no error codes. I've tried every "fix" that rockstar and fans have put out, but all to no avail. When this game did initially work for 3 hours, I must admit that it was a fantastic port.
game-hours: 0.3
review: Ehhh at this point, I know folks who've got the game working, but that Social Club POS they force you to use keeps crashing for me.
game-hours: 23.2
review: Multiplayer doesn't work, you might aswell rename this to grand theft loading, I think I spent more time on loading screens than the actual game because the online servers just dont work
game-hours: 16.1
review: soo when i try to launch the game it says the launcher stops working and doesnt let me ing play. HELP ME is there anyone out there that will en help my sorry  im scared loney hurt and no faith left SOS
game-hours: 7.2
review: I'd LIKE to write an honest and thorough review for this game, but I can't. Why, you may ask? Simple, because it doesn't ing work. I bought the game at 8AM this morning and let it install throughout the day. Not only did I have to wait until almost 5PM for the ly huge filesize to finish downloading (59GB), but after going through the process of setting up a rockstar social club account (Which you NEED in order to play the game, because there is no offline mode - the "offline" mode in game still requires an internet connection) and activating the game, it just loaded. And loaded. And loaded. And loaded. And loaded. See where I'm going with this? TL;DR, typical AAA , game never loads, not worth the $60 spent on it.
game-hours: 27.3
review: GTA SA
game-hours: 3.9
review: activation problem... social account problems ... I'm still waiting for play gta v.
game-hours: 13.8
review: THE FOLLOWING IS A PERSONAL PREFERENCE READ THE FOLLOWING WITH A OPEN MINE OR F*CK OFF i have played all versions of the game and the changes between xbox 360/PS3 graphics and Xbox one/PS4 are massive to be honest it is a waste of money if you own a console copy. the graphical changes between current gen console GTA and PC is next to nothing on top of that they have promised many additions on all platforms but it is still not here they promise additions many additions and hold back as proof of this look at the heist DLC it was delayed for a bit over 1 year even the PC version has taken blows like this it was meant to be released in late 2014 here we are in 2015 and it was still getting delayed unless rockstar lifts their game i think this game is in some ways the worst GTA to be released if i had to rate it i must say as much as i am level headed between PC and console i'd say console is like a 8.5/10 and PC in its current state is like 3.5/10 MY OPINION MAY CHANGE WITH ROCKSTARS PROGRESS BUT I AM UNSURE IF THIS IS GOING TO CHANGE MY OPINION
game-hours: 61.7
review: Its midnight. GTA unlocked?!?!?! Nope. -Extra download (takes 20 mins) -UNPACKING (took forever) ~Oh my god i can finally play (1 AM) *Waits a minute* Direct x installs. Done at last!! time to play online with friends. *Chooses online - error message comes up* !!PLAY THE GOD DAMN PROLOGUE BEFORE THE ONLINE!! *plays prologue (finished at 1:30 AM)* ??I can FINALLY play online?!?! Online servers aren't yet online. RIP 10/10 would wait 18 months again
game-hours: 74.0
review: This is a really good game. I've not experience any bugs whatsoever.
game-hours: 10.5
review: i downloaded 60 gigs of ing garbage, i start the game and it says "failed to initialize directx 9" cant even play the game after paying $60!!! (fixed) well, now that i got through that the game wont even get past the gaming club saying there is an error
game-hours: 32.2
review: The game you basically allready know from all the videos from YouTube while waiting to get the PC version. Compareed to the console version (PS3), is a very big improvememt, one more radio station, new songs to the other radio stations, the graphics look awesome, the first person prespective is a bit wierd at first, almost the entire keyborad does something diferent but in general is better than the original release. And it proves that PC is better to play games than consoles (but not all games aply).
game-hours: 25.9
review: Over hype and game crashed only to eat 500k,
game-hours: 15.4
review: I love this game and recommend it to anyone ! Its a nice game if you can look beyond some issues that you might face if you are unlucky.
game-hours: 105.5
review: cd code is already in use so no playing for me
game-hours: 23.3
review: Doesnt work for me, wont launch wont do anything, ive spent the past 2days researching and trying to find out why the  it wont launch and ive tried every single work around possible. Some of them are just bloody ridiculous especially rockstars one of forbidon characters in accound user names. Serious displeased ive payed 40 and rockstar have had 2years to try and sort this out for pc release and they have failed completely. They failed with the console launch and they have failed with the pc launch.... its a shame because its a fantastic game but ive lost all faith in rockstar after this.
game-hours: 34.4
review: The console peasents will never be able to see true 1080p 60 fps glory of the PC MASTERRACE. 8/8 will play again
game-hours: 50.2
review: Don't buy this yet. Not untill Rockstar fixes a game that we've been waiting 2 years for. 3 days still unplayable.  off Social Club.
game-hours: 27.7
review: I bought this game believing i can play it offline, the fact that i need to be connected 24/7 in order to play single-player is outrageous, we wait a year and a half and this is what we get?!?!
game-hours: 3.4
review: Eh... just - no. At this point, the game keeps causing BSODs that I haven't seen in years. My spec is way above the recommended hardware requirements and even if I get it to run for 5min it's always fixed at 30FPS for a few minutes before causing another BSOD.
game-hours: 2.9
review: This is a boring game. It's much more fun to play on my own DarkRP server rather than this piece of crap.
game-hours: 0.4
review: Wont run, crashes on start up, it isnt the windows accoutn problem. RIP.
game-hours: 1.2
review: This is so far the best game for crashing and not working properly. funny enough i get 60 fps but stll crashes.
game-hours: 11.0
review: They delayed it 3 times so it can be perfect. The game crashes at launcher 15/10 IGN
game-hours: 38.5
review: Best game; it was worth the wait. I need a fresh pair of boxers now
game-hours: 17.1
review: LAUNCHER RIDICULO! JOGO BUGADO! SISTEMA DE INICIALIZAO NAO ACEITA AS PLACAS SLI, NEM NADA! UMA @$@$#@... ROCKSTAR GAMES DELETANDO OS TPICOS DO FORUM DE SUPORTE, STEAM NAO DA UM PARECER!!! NO FAZEM FIX PARA SOLUCIONAR! UMA %$%#%#
game-hours: 34.3
review: its GTA what do u expect?
game-hours: 38.9
review: Anyone want to have a bash at letting me play this game... Luncher ''Grand Theft Auto V has exited unexpectedly'.. unable to get any further. Tried all the suggestions supplied by fans. No response from Rockstar.
game-hours: 13.7
review: An awesome online game that's nearly impossible to play thanks to weird issues and a very poorly thought out interface. I'd love to talk about how much fun this game is. Not only do you have the staples of deathmatch, races and missions, but you can even relax and watch some TV with friends, play darts and pool, even play some golf. There is just so much to do that it's hard to imagine getting bored. Infuriated, however, is really easy to imagine. You have this amazing game waiting for you, only to constantly run into weird, impossible to fix issues. Online is finicky, and does not give you any clues as to what's wrong. Want to join a friend? It might not connect, but instead of telling you, it'll throw you into a random server. It might tell you the servers are down even though they're not. There's no easy way to start a job or a mission with friends, you either join someone else's job randomly or, if lucky, actually get to invite your friends. There's no easy way to get this all set up. You get to fight with this while dealing with long load and connection times, only to find out it didn't work or put you into the exact wrong game, or, even better, it throws you right back into single player without asking. On top of that, the mouse drag (even with "raw input" selected) issue make aiming incredibly difficult. If Rockstar can fix these glaring issues, this will easily be one of the top PC games. When you can get the actual game to run, it's a great experience. Until then, though, get ready to spend an infuriating 45 minutes at minimum to play with your friends, and god help you if anything, and I mean ANYTHING, causes you to be disconnected from them (including, but not limited too: joining a mission that only had one slot available, being forced to join a game instead of forming your own, they load faster than you, the list goes on.) If you're planning on buying this in April, I would wait until May or at least look at patch notes.
game-hours: 47.6
review: waited 2 years for a  xbox port with missing textures,  optimization and peasants porting over characters for an unfair advantage 10/10 rockstar
game-hours: 57.4
review: Best. Game. Ever.
game-hours: 46.7
review: best visual novel since sakura angels
game-hours: 0.4
review: Niiiiigggaaaaaaa! -Llamar
game-hours: 1.6
review: >Be me >See dank game >$60.jpg >Buy game >RIP wallet >Download and run game... >Black screens and crashes on start up >ohshit.jpg >Writes  review on steam
game-hours: 46.7
review: FIXED THE GAME BY REINSTALLING WINDOWS LOL!
game-hours: 1.6
review: >Be me >See dank game >$60.jpg >Buy game >RIP wallet >Download and run game... >Black screens and crashes on start up >ohshit.jpg >Writes  review on steam
game-hours: 46.7
review: best visual novel since sakura angels
game-hours: 3.3
review: The Uninstaller doesnt crash. 10/10
game-hours: 13.0
review: Can't recommend this game due to it's terrible state at the moment. To make the game run, I have to disable my nvidia card for the launcher to appear. Then reenable the nvidia card as soon as the launcher is appearing. The game crashes about 50% of the time I try to launch it. Online: Messy interfaces with looong loading times and very unstable at this stage. The game itself, however is great: awesome graphics, fun gameplay, nice atmosphere and interesting characters. This game has a lot of potential and I will probably recommend this game at a later stage if the technical issues are resolved, since playing it is awesome. The game runs smooth(30-50fps) on my laptop (GTX 660M) with 1080p and settings medium/high.
game-hours: 67.2
review: 10/10 would get account locked due to failed sign in attempts again (it lasts for 24 hours by the way)
game-hours: 70.5
review: bought on january 8, worth the wait!!! 11/10
game-hours: 24.6
review: Absolutly Amazing game. Worth the Wait. Launches fine for my computer.
game-hours: 21.0
review: Replay a game thats 2 years old for $59.99.
game-hours: 21.0
review: Shotout the 360/PS3 alpha testers and PS4/XBONE beta testers
game-hours: 7.4
review: Game is currently unplayable for 20 percent of the people who have bought it. Please patch the game rockstar!
game-hours: 27.1
review: When you first come into the story line, you will meet a little kitty in the street corner. I tried to hold that cat and pressed some keys, instead touching the kitty the character I controlled kicked the kitty. And it's dead. Definitely the worst gaming experience in my human life. Yes I AM a kitty lover. Highly not recommended.
game-hours: 1.4
review: Ok, is anyone one else having a problem were every time you open the game, the thing says Grand Theft Auto V has stopped working after about 5 seconds, if anyone knows how to fix please tell me, and untill this is fixed I vote this game down. By the way I have a windows 8.
game-hours: 3.2
review: After waiting for so long for GTA V out, realise that GTA V is not really that fun. Get bored easily
game-hours: 1.6
review: would be good if it worked
game-hours: 2.9
review: More crashes than a destruction derby. 10/10
game-hours: 41.4
review: Pay 60 euros get a good game yes, beautiful graphics. BUT u cant just crouch, or prone.... this is so bad. THEN some people cannot even download it , some other people cant play with friends and get various errors! well all this, after payying 60 euros + waiting a ton of time.  DIZ GAEM! FIX YOUR  ROCKETGAMES!
game-hours: 25.2
review: I can eat P's and Q's in glorious 1080p 60fps now 10/10
game-hours: 25.3
review: "shut da fug up. buy da game. yo  can stay tender for now." - detective nigbone
game-hours: 46.8
review: Wow, just wow. Everything I and everyone else wanted.
game-hours: 27.1
review: If you are intrested in graphics, buy this game, other than that? Gameplay, fun, story? forget it...
game-hours: 7.5
review: Totally worth the wait. Life simulator 2015 XD.
game-hours: 39.8
review: BEST GAME EVER 11/10 ! Amazing story , amazing graphics!
game-hours: 1.6
review: would be good if it worked
game-hours: 27.1
review: When you first come into the story line, you will meet a little kitty in the street corner. I tried to hold that cat and pressed some keys, instead touching the kitty the character I controlled kicked the kitty. And it's dead. Definitely the worst gaming experience in my human life. Yes I AM a kitty lover. Highly not recommended.
game-hours: 46.8
review: Wow, just wow. Everything I and everyone else wanted.
game-hours: 14.8
review: worth the wait! LOL i have 2 final exams tomorrow and i dont even care about them.. wahaha
game-hours: 57.8
review: 3rd time buying this game worth it everytimes. 10/10
game-hours: 38.3
review: BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 55.1
review: Amazing game highly recommand it for open world lovers
game-hours: 15.0
review: not played must of it but atm its Miles better than what it was on ps3. It looks amazing, loving the first person view
game-hours: 36.9
review: Now its time for my new taxi empire!
game-hours: 26.7
review: No more bowling with Roman/10
game-hours: 90.9
review: This is literally the best game of the last 10 years, hands-f'cking down. Other opinions need to apply, you don't know what you are talking about, objectively speaking.
game-hours: 25.3
review: "shut da fug up. buy da game. yo  can stay tender for now." - detective nigbone
game-hours: 21.0
review: 40 FPS on a GTX 970 You've done it again R*
game-hours: 26.7
review: Two day's in my GTA Life: Day 1: Woke up Stole a car Crashed car Stole a bike Fell off bike Went on a ferris wheel Ate a hot dog Stole another car Found a  Gave her $50 Killed her to get $50 back Went to strip club Spent $50 Touched the girls Got thrown out Went back in strip club Got into fist fight with security Went home Slept Day 2: Same as day one Great real life simulator. 11/10
game-hours: 57.5
review: I am giving this game a very low rating because of VALVE'S gift REGION RESTRICTION. I can't play this game at all because I redeemed the game in Thailand and now I'm in Japan so I can't play the game at all. If VALVE NOT rockstar would fix this issue I would delete this rating and replace it with a better one.
game-hours: 69.2
review: My new fav game in the franchise <3
game-hours: 3.2
review: After waiting for so long for GTA V out, realise that GTA V is not really that fun. Get bored easily
game-hours: 3.2
review: After waiting for so long for GTA V out, realise that GTA V is not really that fun. Get bored easily
game-hours: 1.4
review: Ok, is anyone one else having a problem were every time you open the game, the thing says Grand Theft Auto V has stopped working after about 5 seconds, if anyone knows how to fix please tell me, and untill this is fixed I vote this game down. By the way I have a windows 8.
game-hours: 7.4
review: Game is currently unplayable for 20 percent of the people who have bought it. Please patch the game rockstar!
game-hours: 67.8
review: Let me start with the harsh part. Harsh, but most important. In the current state (now little over 30 hours after release), this game is far away from 60 worth. Why? Besides all the problems people had even to install the game (granted some people are to be blamed for their rigs, but the majority of the problems lies on Rockstar) there are so many other things that should not even have been issues. Want to play online with your friends? Forget about it. Most of the time you're in a session alone. You can try and join other sessions but 9 out of 10 times, you'll just be put in a new empty session. Is it a port problem? No. Some times you do get into a session with other people and it's great! Well, right until you try to do a job with your friends. Then the errors begin, friends can't join, you quit the job - aaaaand you're back in an empty session and you cannot join your friends session. Does a restart of the game help? Nope. Ok, so you paid 60 to play this game with your friends, cause come on nobody pays that kind amount for a single player game these days anyway, granted the single player campaign is about 25-30 hours long. What else is there to do? Well you can do quick jobs with complete strangers. Oh and did I mention they had this online issue on XBOX One as well and has had it since release and it is still not fixed? Yes, that is correct. So lets us sum it up. You paid 60 for an online game that doesn't work very well online, which has the same online issues on other platforms that never got fixed? Will it get fixed for PC at least? Probably not. Hopefully, but don't expect it. So in this current state, I advice you not to buy this. And if you do and you get frustrated about the fact, that online play doesn't really work, then I suggest you get the refund Steam are offering. You know when Steam starts offering refunds, then it's bad - really bad! Just don't buy it in current state. It's a waste of your money.
game-hours: 25.1
review: GTA- Unpacking Simulator 2015 10% Luck 20% Skill 15% Of your life downloading the game 5% Pleasure 50% Pain 100% Reason to unpack this game 11/10 Would unpack again
game-hours: 6.0
review: Was playing fine at launch with no issues until I tried to go online. I had my steam and xbox accounts linked to my social club and going online i imported my character. As soon as I did this i could not play. My social club email address and username then changed, and now I cannot even play single player. I've contacted Rockstar support multiple times, most of which I get hung up on as soon as I give ticket number. Worse support i've ever received. I sent them all the required info, Key, username, purchase info, etc and no response. Support says they can't help me and someone will contact me with no ETA (they can't tell me if it will be days or years).
game-hours: 23.6
review: No players in session. Unable to play GTA OL because I'm the only one in the server.
game-hours: 25.2
review: I can eat P's and Q's in glorious 1080p 60fps now 10/10
game-hours: 8.9
review: [CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE][CUT SCENE]
game-hours: 2.9
review: More crashes than a destruction derby. 10/10
game-hours: 50.4
review: Finally, PC players have a well-optimized next gen GTA game. It's much more smoother than I expect. Also it has better online performance than Watchdogs. No major issues for me at release, worth the long wait.
game-hours: 45.6
review: would wait 2 years again, thanks peasents
game-hours: 23.6
review: No players in session. Unable to play GTA OL because I'm the only one in the server.
game-hours: 108.4
review: Pre-TL;DR: Creator Mode has poor controls, gun play is lack-luster at best, no dedicated servers, no solid mod support. If you're looking for a game with a great PC experience... You're looking in the wrong damn place. With Rockstar not being open with mods and a simple port over to the PC, I can personally say that this game is not worth $60. What do I mean by a "simple port"? First, the Creator for the game, the part that allows users to create custom arenas, courses, and etc for the pre-existing game modes is still based for the controller. A majority of the controls are forcefully bound to your keyboard, so if you're looking to move a prop just a smidge up... Good luck. Another thing is the console feeling shooting system. No recoil. Minimal Spread. You can say I'm crying, because I am. I'm crying because someone can rapid fire a semi-auto rifle from a long range and easily land body shots on someone (in this situation, me) who wanted to try and take the extra half a second to aim for the head with the actual bolt action sniper rifle. TL;DR: The Creator is mostly keyboard based, the gun play is lack luster... at best. Now, regarding everything else that's missing from a true PC game... No sign of dedicated servers or any solid mod support. Why would dedicated servers need to be a thing? For modded game types, such as different maps other than Los Santos, a roleplay game mode, added weapons and jets, and etc. that could be enjoyed by a fairly large group of people. The multiplayer is heavily limited to what Rockstar produces for the game. Modding is what makes the PC experience what it is. It's something that consoles won't be able to do for a long time, if ever. Rockstar does not seem to be in support of modding the game multiplayer wise, unless you want to be banned or labeled as a hacker. TL;DR: No dedicated servers, no solid modding support. You can agree with me, disagree with me, but I don't plan on playing the game much anymore unless major changes are made. So don't worry, you won't have to see my crying in game.
game-hours: 26.3
review: Loaded game, linked character, walked out of apartment, got killed by falling exploded aeroplane. 10/10
game-hours: 16.6
review: Today's Review: Grand Theft Auto V I'm gonna start posting my RIG: CPU: Intel Core 2 Duo E8400 (3.00ghz) RAM: 4 GB DDR3 GPU: AMD Radeon HD5450 Sapphire OS: Windows 7 x64 Ultimate Now, the game itself runs at 8 to 22 fps with some drops, stuntering and more serious problem, and even with all those things (the only thing i don't have from the minimum specs to run this game is the cpu, and i have a fairly decent one, pretty old but still). The game have no quality graphics settings and it's set to maximum by default, which blocks you entirely from lowering the graphics to improve perfomance, it's basically the same ps3 version with the first person mode and that's all, pretty much a good game but with some important flaws that it seems that only happened to me. Pros: + Amazing Graphics, an extremely detailed world + Amazing radios as always music and radio are the best, also custom radio to create you're own + GTA Online to do crazy things and heists with friends + Runs on old computers Cons: - Stuntering and fps drops if you don't have a high end computer - Rare case in which i'm driving and the graphics corrupts (can only see the car, the road,trees, buildings textures are missing making me crash into an invisible object or loosing focus) - Rare case in which i have 3 to 5 seconds lag using the keyboard and the mouse instead my xbox 360 controller - Only a few graphic customization options, Vsync and FXAA and resolution, graphics are set on ultra by default I can't give a positive review due the so many problems this game have while, and let me be clear, my GPU IS supported by the game. Metascore: 58/100
game-hours: 19.2
review: Total , don't waste your money.
game-hours: 37.4
review: Lets hope it works.
game-hours: 51.2
review: WTF ???? why social club ? whyy ??? i cant even sign in in this fkcn program. Even games for windows life was better. I spent like 1 hour to register in social club.
game-hours: 44.6
review: Great game but the damage model for vehicles is a huge step back. Compared to GTA IV every car is a tank now as it can take so much damage. Further more it is now impossible to deform a car's roof or it's doors. This is a HUGE malus for me as I loved finding creative ways to demolish my car in GTA IV.
game-hours: 15.9
review: Game stopped working.. Cant login. utter BS launch.
game-hours: 34.9
review: had to sell my cats it was worth it
game-hours: 57.1
review: Dissapointment.
game-hours: 20.2
review: I am not happy with the bug .. still can not solve it ... like purchasing a crashing game
game-hours: 2.0
review: Very disappointed with how this game is running. I preordered in Jan. and when i got it on the 13 it would crash everythime i started it up and it got to the loading screen. Its not my windows name, its not my graphics card. I spent 60$ on this game and if i dont see it working anytime soon i am going to be very upset.
game-hours: 32.5
review: Wont start. "grand theft auto exited unexpectedly" running with AMD card...
game-hours: 39.2
review: Online broken beyond belief, do not buy this piece of
game-hours: 81.6
review: Single player was fine, but online? Cant play at all, great work R*, for not allowing us to play it
game-hours: 34.8
review: I have waited it for a long time.I have to say how excited to play it. GOOD
game-hours: 5.9
review: Don't have to go bowling with my cousin. 10/10 would not bowl again.
game-hours: 7.4
review: its all around better. everything that gta5 was on the othe platforms its just better for pc enough said
game-hours: 40.3
review: I'd never experienced such slow downloading speeds since everybody was downloading iOS 8.... (and I'm on a 100MB connection). Guess servers got pretty busy. Game is awesome, I played the X360 version and have seen the PS4 from a friend, this certainly deserves a bow. Looks stunning (playing it at Very High settings). 60fps it's a thrill. Worth the wait!
game-hours: 69.3
review: 10/10 WOULD BANG.
game-hours: 17.8
review: 10/10 Would spend all day at strip club.
game-hours: 15.3
review: I have a decently good pc with a gtx 780, 3.4 ghz, and 8 gigs of ram. Im driving along hapily with 150 fps and before i know it i have 2 fps. Im using the nvidia optimized settings. Someone please help. I tried everything.
game-hours: 0.4
review: how to install GTAV on pc: 1. buy gtav 2. wait 17 hours forit to download 3. get angry at rockstar 4. buy gmod instead 5. forget about GTAV
game-hours: 8.2
review: Insanely boring just like every other GTA game ever made. I know im the minority here, but I cant suggest this to anyone.
game-hours: 4.0
review: Too laggy 4 Me  this
game-hours: 17.3
review: I attempt to start it up and social club refuses to let me log in and play on offline mode or do anything thing. I've been looking for a way to get a refund and cant.
game-hours: 38.2
review: can't play online...
game-hours: 8.4
review: Bought the game and played for 4 hours. Controls felt unresponsive and awkward, kind of like you're supposed to play with a controller of some sort rather than a keyboard and mouse. - Auto aim feature is a joke; no real reason to competitively try and beat other players when this function is on. - UI is counter intuitive. Again, feels mapped for a console rather than a PC. - Spawn system is . Killed a guy multiple times only to have him spawn 30 seconds away and had to try and kill him again until eventually he blew me away. Gameplay was average, graphics were excellent and the cars looked dope. Save yourself some money and wait the 2-3 weeks before this bad boy gets a special.
game-hours: 18.9
review: 11/10 would download, take 2 hours to try and diagnose the problem but fail and redownload the game again. [EDIT]: Still doesn't work.
game-hours: 39.3
review: Pre-ordered because of all the hype and how great this game is on the consoles. 2 years later, it comes to PC. Does it live up to the hype? Is it as good as everyone has been making it out to be? Well, I couldn't tell you. Day 1 has been full of issues that Rockstar had so much time to fix but never did. I cannot get into the game to tell you how it is. After a 60GB download and additional patches, I still cannot get the game to start.
game-hours: 5.1
review: You can't redeem yourself out of that one, rockstar. Not even with the -on-a-stick edition or whatever it is. Oh, and  you social club.
game-hours: 4.3
review: Well, it's a great game, played it on my Xbox, but THIS PC version sucks . Excuse me, wasted whole day, trying to launch it, still no success.
game-hours: 28.1
review: Cant play, crash at startup. GG Rockstar.
game-hours: 35.0
review: If I actually get into the game my gta online chracter looks like a barcode. But most of the time i get stuck at a loading screen. The same thing is happeneing to my friends like when it came out with 360, you cant get on because of the servers. I understand things like this happens at the delay of big games but its happened before and they delayed it 3 times to fix bugs. The game should be flawless right now. Once all of this gets fixed, it will be a great game.
game-hours: 8.2
review: Well. I might would reccomend it... If I could open it. I have double-no triple checked for my windows account not being affected by the glitch making sure with extra windows-profiles. When I try to enter it simply doesnt open. It says im playing for like 10 seconds then stops. I have all drivers, requirements, etc. I wouldnt reccomend it until a later developement stage.
game-hours: 17.5
review: Buggy to hell for me. I'd crash randomly all the time, or it would freeze and the only way i could get out was to kill my pc. Everytime i start an online event, it would freeze. Please, i cant be the only one that this is happening too. So far, a waste of 60 dollars.
game-hours: 2.8
review: 15 fps on a GTX 980, i5-4210H CPU 2.90GHz, and 8 gb of ram. No this is not a troll. Thanks Rockstar!
game-hours: 59.4
review: Took 3 years to unpack... Worth every missed birthday 11/10
game-hours: 5.3
review: This game crashes my computer to the point where a hard boot doesnt fix it and i have to pull the power cable. Extremely disappointed. This has taken a year to port and it hangs my computer using geforce optimized settings.
game-hours: 29.3
review: Game won't load. The Social Club launcher spits out a random error code and says the Rockstar update servers are down after it finishes downloading the post-preload portion of the game. Then the launcher provides me a link to a site that says Rockstar update servers are working fine. Worst PC game release of all time. No work-arounds work and my rig more than meets the specs. I feel bad for the poor suckers working Rockstar customer service who have to deal with the fallout from their port programmers' garbage code.
game-hours: 51.4
review: WTF ???? why social club ? whyy ??? i cant even sign in in this fkcn program. Even games for windows life was better. I spent like 1 hour to register in social club.
game-hours: 44.6
review: Great game but the damage model for vehicles is a huge step back. Compared to GTA IV every car is a tank now as it can take so much damage. Further more it is now impossible to deform a car's roof or it's doors. This is a HUGE malus for me as I loved finding creative ways to demolish my car in GTA IV.
game-hours: 2.6
review: even if you have a super laptop with ATI card ... you will face a probelm =.= please fix exited unexpectedly!! and i change this :/
game-hours: 17.5
review: Amazing super nice game !!!! the Best of The Best
game-hours: 34.6
review: Favourite game <3 :*
game-hours: 97.7
review: Bugs Bugs everywhere 10/10 would never buy again.
game-hours: 0.4
review: Doesn't not work on my brand new Asus desktop w/ windows 8 and an Nvidia 750 gtx
game-hours: 34.0
review: Any one that thought the servers would be playable on the first day is crazy. there are probly hundreds of thousands of people trying to connect.
game-hours: 86.7
review: The best game Rockstar has ever released, if not - THE best game among all games. The amount of detail GTA V has is beyond words, from graphics to audio to environment words alone cannot explain, you have to experience it to believe it. 10/10 from me, I'll also bow down and take my hat off to Rockstar.
game-hours: 22.7
review: Thankfully, I was able to resolve the problem of being blocked. If any of you face the problem, reset your password on the Social Club website, and log into GTA V. Anyway, this game is a creative triumph. Highly reccomended, and would download and unpack again... XD. Finally, after 1 and a half years, my review is complete(also 3 delays). 11/10
game-hours: 80.4
review: i5 750+r7 260x 2gb = very high/high config haha 5 stars!!
game-hours: 17.0
review: An amazing game. Would recommend 10/10.
game-hours: 3.1
review: 10/10 would bang
game-hours: 45.7
review: 10/10 would load again
game-hours: 207.6
review: 10/10 :3 Game of the year.
game-hours: 44.1
review: This game makes people cry. 9/11
game-hours: 5.7
review: 11/10 Masterpiece
game-hours: 3.3
review: If you liike getting mad all day cause you just spent $70 on a game to play on your only day off this is the game for.Piece of  wont launch ive tried all these ing fixes amd drivers did  cant get past the wanted level when launching love it great game 10/10 would buy again really worth my time
game-hours: 9.6
review: Like Skyrim, only with guns and cars. IGN 9/10
game-hours: 15.1
review: Goodbye social life.
game-hours: 17.6
review: Full of bugs/poorly ported and an incredibly rascist storyline. Would return if I could!
game-hours: 62.7
review: is oke.
game-hours: 25.1
review: Dimlite - Into Vogon Skulls
game-hours: 66.9
review: Amazing game would buy again A++++++++
game-hours: 2.4
review: The game launcher is very glitchy. when i try to load it it shows me the options to retry or safty mode i tried both they kepp bring me back to the launcher plz help
game-hours: 67.0
review: BBVBV
game-hours: 72.0
review: 10/10
game-hours: 70.6
review: list of bugs / issues for me: - cant complete first online heist because the screen gets white and i cant do anything after the preparation, if i wait some minutes it crashes. - after alt+tab the game starts to lag for the whole session stupid design choices: - very long ways when you die - imported characters from the console have a HUGE advantage over you which is unfair. everyone should start from scratch.
game-hours: 12.3
review: bugsocial clubR*
game-hours: 11.2
review: After playing 1.5 hours, I have already gotten 2 s to have sex with Franklin in stolen cars And then proceeded to brutally kill them both and get my money back This is the best porn simulator on the market
game-hours: 27.4
review: I didn't wait through three delays and pay 60 dollars to have the game crash on me.
game-hours: 24.3
review: Goodbye my life.... T_T
game-hours: 45.4
review: what are u waiting for
game-hours: 63.3
review: I ran around killing hundreds of innocent people, and even more police. I then hid in an alley and the police gave up. 11/10
game-hours: 18.1
review: Now from what I have played these are the issues: "recommended settings" GTX 660 "2GB", i have a 770 2gb and i have to put the textures on NORMAL because it physically wont let you run it when it requires more than 2GB, i wouldnt mind a bit of lag but it makes sure you cant do that. Also plane controls, what the crap are they thinking making us use NUMBER KEYS, have you heard of WASD rockstar. A fair chunk of screen tear. The One hour unpacking after the "ready to play" install Other than these things it is a great game 7/10
game-hours: 48.2
review: Ahh, the long awaited GTA V. First off, the port. I cannot express how impressed I am with it. My GPU is barely above minimum requirement and I have to play everything on lowest settings possible with GPU memory maxed out, yet it still runs at a silky smooth 60FPS. Even then, everything looks beautiful, except for a few minor details here and there like a bit pixely shadows or franklin's hairstyle/beard. As for the PC controls, they're plain amazing. You can now walk run and sprint at will which wasnt possible without a controller in GTA IV (you only could walk and sprint) which is done by toggling walk/run with your set Sprint key. You hold the key to actually sprint. The radio stations can be changed both by mouse wheel and by holding a button to bring up the radio station wheel, just like in the consoles. Default keybindings suit my needs well and I think they do alot of other people. Finally, the settings. I don't remember a game which you could customize so well. One can set their First Person field of depth, vehicle camera height, try messing with advanced graphics options and much more. All functions are rebindable with a primary and a secondary keybind. Overall, well worth my money. The port is amazing, the game runs smooth and I had no problems with the game yet. Definitely my favorite PC game for now.
game-hours: 38.4
review: My friend preordered the game for my and separetly for himself but he only got 1 code which was for himself, i got no code for me neither did he.
game-hours: 6.5
review: rockstar and their infinite loading screen for Social Club. Worst Day One launch yet.
game-hours: 43.6
review: Riding a bicycle, forgot to speed up. "Yo ridin like my momma!" Using smartphone on sideroad, dead... 10/10 love the OL community!
game-hours: 44.9
review: Same as GTA 4.. playing online is pathetic.. long loads, spikes, terrible experience.
game-hours: 52.7
review: Best game ever? Best game ever.
game-hours: 24.7
review: Pre-purchased the game. Pre-downloaded to 120gb SSD. On initial startup got a pop-up "running out of disk space" and can't start the game. 0/10 would not download 59gb again at 800kb/sec for 60. update: Was forced to redownload after all in order get the minimum requirement 5 minutes clocked in Steam counter to write up this review.
game-hours: 9.6
review: problem with log in I can not run the length of time
game-hours: 45.6
review: Half of the Playtime is waiting in the Loadingscreens ...
game-hours: 26.0
review: runs great, only problem is theres a little stuttering but should be patched soon. although I wouldnt recommend it if you bought it multiple times already smooth 58-60 fps with most things maxed, r9 295x2
game-hours: 28.4
review: Looks amazing, 60 fps really shines, and super fun to play.
game-hours: 36.2
review: WOW, 60 frames solid, 1080+, hi cap multiplayer-perfectly optimized. MUSTO BUYO!!!10/10
game-hours: 5.9
review: You suck
game-hours: 18.5
review: Piece of  game won't even launch. 0/10. Asking for a refund.
game-hours: 2.3
review: i meet the requirments but it lags like crap and has trouble starting the game up. i lowered all the in game graphics but it didnt help. pls fix and i will recomend the game
game-hours: 9.9
review: , JUST . I SPEND ALL DAY, BUT CANT LAUNCH THIS F*** GAME, BECAUSE I HAVE LAPTOP. FIX THIS. FIX BLYAT. PIDORI EBANIE. YA ZAEBALSYA. MAMKU VASHU DOLBIL V O4KO
game-hours: 28.0
review: frustration simulator 2015
game-hours: 7.5
review: Do not buy this game if you have Nvidia graphics card due to the fact that it wont work this is a rip off-we wait for so long to have the game on pc and i does not even work its a joke screw you rockstar
game-hours: 23.7
review: Simple does not WORK! Looks like back to 360 version it is :'(
game-hours: 29.3
review: It is broken for me right now
game-hours: 12.9
review: The game is good as far as story so far, but can't get very far when it's constantly crashing. ERR_GFX_D3D_INT failure keeps poping up randomly, Usually after pausing the game for a minute then resuming, it will crash. Can't find solution on the internet.
game-hours: 0.5
review: can you not get a refund anymore
game-hours: 17.3
review: best game ever
game-hours: 44.9
review: Same as GTA 4.. playing online is pathetic.. long loads, spikes, terrible experience.
game-hours: 1.6
review: putang ina bobo
game-hours: 46.6
review: awwwwwwwwwwwwwww yeahh
game-hours: 24.7
review: Pre-purchased the game. Pre-downloaded to 120gb SSD. On initial startup got a pop-up "running out of disk space" and can't start the game. 0/10 would not download 59gb again at 800kb/sec for 60. update: Was forced to redownload after all in order get the minimum requirement 5 minutes clocked in Steam counter to write up this review.
game-hours: 52.7
review: Best game ever? Best game ever.
game-hours: 45.6
review: Half of the Playtime is waiting in the Loadingscreens ...
game-hours: 24.2
review: Love the game so far but my only issue is that my i5 4690k cant handle the game :( Might have to upgrade to the i7 4790k... not looking forward to that. But oh well, this game is amazing on PC :D Edit: CPU Heavy Game: Please Advise
game-hours: 69.3
review: If you have a decent gaming PC and don't buy this game. You are ing .
game-hours: 75.6
review: I would recommend this game but i bought a shark card and got no money...
game-hours: 17.8
review: The Game That Crashes Constantly In Multiplayer: The Game
game-hours: 6.5
review: rockstar and their infinite loading screen for Social Club. Worst Day One launch yet.
game-hours: 26.0
review: runs great, only problem is theres a little stuttering but should be patched soon. although I wouldnt recommend it if you bought it multiple times already smooth 58-60 fps with most things maxed, r9 295x2
game-hours: 43.6
review: Riding a bicycle, forgot to speed up. "Yo ridin like my momma!" Using smartphone on sideroad, dead... 10/10 love the OL community!
game-hours: 13.2
review: It's not working. It crashes everytime I launch the game.
game-hours: 67.0
review: BBVBV
game-hours: 9.6
review: Like Skyrim, only with guns and cars. IGN 9/10
game-hours: 15.1
review: Goodbye social life.
game-hours: 48.0
review: Def was worth the wait. It runs very smooth on my comp
game-hours: 20.5
review: Fantastic. :)
game-hours: 0.9
review: Waste of time and money, It asked for my CD Key to unlock GTA V on Social Club. Once unlocked it gave me a GTA setup tool, once my steam account was linked to Social Club it asked for my CD key again to unlock it a second time. Sadly it was already used to unlock it in the first place. This is why PC people Torrent Games... Good thing I got a refund to this crap.
game-hours: 0.4
review: As others have stated, this game is not ready for launch. had to go through the fail launch sequence about 10 times JUST TO WRITE THIS ING REVIEW. I waited two years and payed 60 dollars for a game that doesn't launch. YOU ARE ING ME HERE ROCKSTAR. I TOOK OFF WORK FOR THIS . I DIDN'T EAT LAST WEEK TO PAY FOR THIS . I STOPPED PLAYING LEAGUE TO DOWNLOAD THIS . I'M A ING BRONZIE NOW. LUBE ME UP BEFORE YOU  ME GODDAMMIT. Honestly, I would refund this, but I do want to play. I do want to hang with my friends. I do want to kill some s. I want it all. But I can't. I just can't. This is a great game, but bad rats is more appealing because it ing launches ffs. Wait for the patch. Until then... FML
game-hours: 72.7
review: Infested with bugs.
game-hours: 43.9
review: Grand Theft Auto V has stopped working
game-hours: 27.9
review: Worth the money Pretty cool game Make sure ur laptop\computer canhandle it so yeh
game-hours: 96.7
review: AMAZING GAME! I'll tell you more once i get it to work. UPDATE: Got it working. It is infact amazing and one of the best optimized games i've played <3
game-hours: 1.6
review: Day 5, still haven't played this game. My time played on this game is the time i tried fixing it. No success, A patch came out, lmao still didn't do crap D: Back to PS3 Gta 5 lol atleast that one works!!!!!!!!! and once again  YOU ROCKSTAR!!!!!! UNHELPFUL GREEDY  S ASS HOES!   ES! that'll be all (:
game-hours: 30.3
review: Well, there is much to say about this game. I'ill quickly go over the cons and pros of it. The, there is actually something important we need to discuss. Pros: -Pretty good graphics -Okay story -Dicersity in gameplay -Replay value Cons: -Repetitive online -Microtransactions Now, what I want to discuss is the ethic of this company. Firstly, don't take me as someone anfry about the delays for pc. I played this game on the old gen. Listen up, this game was supposed to be released in spring 2013 and was delayed until september 2013. Then, the online was delayed for two weeks and did not work for the first few days. Heists were also promised in the reveal trailer. But, they were delayed until just now. Rockstart kept making promises of the release of those heist. Those heists were released almost 2 years after the initial release of this game. I leave you on these facts to judge if they are trustworthy.
game-hours: 0.7
review: is this Grand Theft AUTO or Grand Theft Arcade? I purchased this game assuming it's an evolution based on GTA IV, but they removed the realistic driving/crash/deformation physics. It feels like you're playing a Browser racing game. WTH? I am not playing this game until either the developers add an option to switch physics to GTA IV-style, or until a mod has been released.
game-hours: 4.8
review: it does work
game-hours: 56.2
review: Dobra igra. Ko nea, zajebo se.
game-hours: 32.0
review: Two black guys say N*****. A third one says it intermittently. Well optimized Fun First person Lots of options Can run over hookers and take your money back from them.
game-hours: 26.9
review: i like dis one it rly yes
game-hours: 0.3
review: Downloaded it from family share and need a registration code to play 0/10 would not reccommend
game-hours: 19.0
review: Big thumbs down, 97/100 on metacritic? I don't understand how, game currently has significant stability issues and appears to be nothing more than a poor console clone.
game-hours: 4.8
review: i neet the minimum requirements and my game still runs like cow A-S-S
game-hours: 6.8
review: This game was supposed to be well optimized, and it isn't. Fine if you: have a high end GPU or enjoy under 30 fps, lag spikes, mouse issues and bad menus.
game-hours: 24.6
review: GTA Online is frustratingly disappointing. Lag ridden, glitchy and overwhelmingly close to unplayable.
game-hours: 14.6
review: Unplayable. Crashes with bluescreen all the time. 60 on .
game-hours: 48.1
review: All of the negative reviews are people ing about customer service. All customer service is bad, deal with it. It has nothing to do with whether the game is actually good or not.
game-hours: 64.3
review: GRAND THEFT FAILURE oh boy where to start with this one..... STORY MODE single player has an complete lack of criminal activity. story mode exists ONLY for the story and there are almost no sandbox crimes you can commit for cash. cash is obtained by playing the missions and playing the "stock Market" based on those results. the few sandbox crimes that do exist are so few and far between and pay so little there is really no point in doing them (6000 for a security van?). the single player system for storing cars means you dont have enough space to "collect" them and the few that you do collect you are likely to loose in short the single player really is only STORY MODE outside of the main missions and a few side quests which really arnt very good you can chill your bones with yogo or golf or half a hundred other pointless activities. I can only assume R* has done this to force people to play online and removing many of the good features of online from single player is  poor development so they can make even more money from players who already paid AAA prices ONLINE while the GTA online experience is a little better its still screwed up. first thing to notice is the lag and rubber banding you see form people with bad connections especially when they are hosting one of the missions/races/other instanced activities. second is that too much of the content and features are gated behind hiests and races. the fact that R* limit content in such a way to make people play them hints at the poor quality of these activities all in all the online experience is pretty poor too, tho it fixes many of the single player issues and does give a slightly more fun way to make money that the stock market it is almost all done through user hosted sessions which completely ruins the point of a gta online game i live in hope that modders will find a way with this game tho i doubt they can do whats needed to fix the mess rockstar left behind
game-hours: 20.2
review: A car crashed into me cause i did some gunshots so i fly away and land on the street with 1hp. Then an dog attacked me so i died x) Raging simulator 2015. 10/10 would rage again.
game-hours: 40.5
review: well after playing for about 2 days I am done with it ... I tried to play the game and was taking my car to my lockup and got sticky bombed ok thas cool dude wants to start a war I am down.... so i gear up and hop in a ride and drill him going full speed he gets up teleports behind me and guns me down so i respawn and empty an ENTIRE clip into his head and he runs over and butt smacks me to death .... then gets in my personal veichle (set to me only) and drives off my 3 tone PoS because its all i can afford because apparently the only hiest anyone is doing is prison break and I cant compelete any of those with an antique pistol I am all for L2P noob but seriously teleporting? taking a full SMG clip to the head and not taking any damage from an infernus driven at full speed up your a** so in summary full of chaters and not really all that fun if you want it for a 1 player game its nice its GTA and who doesnt love GTA but as far as online goes until they get serious about the hackers dont even bother
game-hours: 32.1
review: gg
game-hours: 12.0
review: Don't buy this, it's a buggy piece of . Completely overhyped, but because Rockstar are Christ everyone forgives them. Avoid until fixed.
game-hours: 17.1
review: awesomeee
game-hours: 30.4
review: good
game-hours: 30.8
review: This game is truly worthy of waiting for the amount of delays, I play put many of hours into this game. I admire Rockstar for their effort putting into this game and i know for sure that this game will live on for many of years with continuation of mods and DLC. This is truly a great port but be ware of the performance for those who using under minium or recommeded, it will eat up all your Vrams and RAM.
game-hours: 65.3
review: Superbly optimized for PC. It's an awesome game, looks beautiful and contains a strip club 10/10 RIP Roman
game-hours: 17.9
review: Bought this game, now 15 hours in im a legitimate a.
game-hours: 17.9
review: Bought this game, now 15 hours in im a legitimate a.
game-hours: 38.0
review: Best game ever made
game-hours: 20.4
review: An amazing game!
game-hours: 43.9
review: Now that this game is out, thank f**k i never have to use a console again. GTA as it should be. Plain and simple. Anyone wanna donate some consoles to the tree house i'm building? they make good walls...
game-hours: 92.9
review: If your looking for a review on this game you've come to the wrong place, but if your looking for an outstanding pie recipe you've come to the right place. Ingredients: 1. 6 tablespoons unsalted butter 2. 1/2 cup white sugar 3. 1/2 cup brown sugar 4. 1/4 cup water 5. 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon 6. 1 pinch salt 7. 5 apples - peeled, cored and sliced 8. 1 pastry for double-crust pie Directions: 1. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). 2. Combine butter, white sugar, brown sugar, water, cinnamon, and salt in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, remove from heat and set aside. 3. Roll out half the pastry to fit a 9-inch pie plate. Place bottom crust in pie plate; pour in apple slices. 4. Roll out top crust into a 10-inch circle. Cut into 8 (1-inch) wide strips with a sharp paring knife or pastry wheel. Weave the pastry strips, one at a time, into a lattice pattern. Fold the ends of the lattice strips under the edge of the bottom crust and crimp to seal. 5. Pour butter-sugar mixture over top of pie, coating the lattice, and allowing any remaining sauce to drizzle through the crust. 6. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and bake until the crust is golden brown, the caramel on the top crust is set, and the apple filling is bubbling, 35 to 40 more minutes. Allow to cool completely before slicing.
game-hours: 82.6
review: MY ARMORED KURUMA IN GTA ONLINE IS GONE!!! Yeah the game is fun but when this  happended I couldn't believe. I went to the flight school and did a lesson there and when I decided to go back to freemode my car was gone. I looked for it in all my 3 garages, and there was no armored kuruma in there. This is not acceptable! I spend + $580k on that thing.
game-hours: 41.9
review: Don't know what about people crashing it works fine for me social club and the game itself. 10/5
game-hours: 16.4
review: For who never played before, great game, awesome singleplayer, blablabla. For whoever played and wanted to go online, this is THE WORST online multiplayer I've had in my life. You have to grind, and grind a lot, 16h of gameplay and I can't afford even a decent apartmant. You lose $ when you die. You won't be deathmatching like max payne 3, I mean, you will, with 3 other players - your session has a max cap of 16 players, there is no global or country mode - lag is constant. If you don't have any friends to play the missions AGAINST THE PC you are ed. Most of online gamers are idiot, will rush into a firefight, die, leave you solo and IF IT'S HEIST MODE, fail the ing mission. And when you leave ANY mission, there is an infinite loading time, like the one for booting the game. Pra quem nunca jogou, timo jogo, singleplayer , blblbl. Pra quem j jogou e queria jogar online,  o PIOR multiplayer online que joguei na vida. Voc tem que grindar, e grindar muito, 16h de jogo e nem um apartamento decente eu tenho. Voc perde o $ quando morre. Voc NO vai conseguir jogar deathmatch como jogava no max payne 3, digo, vai, com 3 outros players - tua sesso tem cap de 16 players, no existe modo global ou do teu pas - lag  constante. Se voc no tiver amigos pra jogar as misses CONTRA O PC, voc t , a maioria do online  imbecil, vai se meter no meio de um tiroteio, morrer, te deixar solo e SE FOR HEIST, falhar a  da misso. E quando vc sai de qualquer misso, tem um loading infinito, tipo de carregar todo o jogo de novo do zero.
game-hours: 10.5
review: Does not work, wasted 40 on this game and nothing works, It doses at first now it stops working, dosent even load up.
game-hours: 71.9
review: i r8 8/8 m8
game-hours: 0.3
review: ing piece of , bought it from a hard made money, and not working, gta v launcher has stopped working... tried doing and the  solution and none worked, don't even bother helping me unless you had EXACLY the same issue/ or you are a steam moderator
game-hours: 29.5
review: My friends jumped out of the chopper and parachuted down while i fell to my death and exploded. 69/10 would be blown to ashes again
game-hours: 5.3
review: If your like me and don't have much time to play games anymore. So when you do get chance to play you want to progress then this game is definitely not for you. I log on trying to get into online heists and for 40 minutes it keeps switching from loading screen to loading screen, Because it seems to invite you to heists that are full so you get more loadiing screens. 40 minutes of loading screens has definitely put me off this game. In my opinion this is worst online game I've ever played. Don't get me wrong its got brill storyline and amazing graphics but for online play its horrible. Wasnt worth the wait at all. Do not buy this game unless you are a kid that has a lot of time on their hands to wait around for these loading screens that you get too much of on this game.
game-hours: 54.1
review: The best roleplaying experience I've ever had. Would recommend to all roleplayers. :candyman: :dfapple:
game-hours: 3.9
review: i whant this game so bad but my parents wont let me have it
game-hours: 43.7
review: dont buy the game. first 40 hours were good BUT THEN: after playing the game i could not even typ well anymore, sometimes my pc just goes on standby and cant go on anymore, and now my pc is really off and cant even start it. gta vice city, and gta san andreas are way better!!! gta 5 ruins your pc. F u rockstar... really!
game-hours: 4.5
review: Am not happy with game.it aint playing for the past 2weeks
game-hours: 21.1
review: I can give this a good review now that I can launch the game
game-hours: 75.4
review: PC version runs flawlessly, looks amazing. Can't complain.
game-hours: 89.9
review: 0/10 Game is one of the best games ive ever played... But the radio tracks dont have a SINGLE Nickelback song So i cant recommend it.
game-hours: 1.9
review: Wait until it has dropped in price and Rockstar as patched it. A lot of people, including me, can't get this to run.
game-hours: 35.6
review: Loading Simulator 2015.... other than that its good and a gorgeous...
game-hours: 33.4
review: super cool
game-hours: 41.4
review: What the actual  do you call these excuses for controls on this game? Why have you not fixed the wanted level system yet? Why are all these stupid- bugs that should have been fixed when the game was released a year and a half ago still happening? You say that you 'rushed' the PC version at first, and we get this ?! This is ridiculous. I loved it at first, and now I regret buying this excuse for a game. Maybe if it was $20 or something like that But no This game was 60 ing dollars, and becoming the worst 60 dollars I've ever spent YES THE GRAPHICS LOOK AWESOME. BUT THE GAME STILL ING SUCKS. You shouldn't even waste your time playing online, it'll only serve you to scream and make you want to throw a knife into every head at Rockstar Games
game-hours: 31.1
review: Poor Roman no one will go bowling with him anymore
game-hours: 15.6
review: I play on a Macbook pro 15 inch(bootcamp), it runs perfectly(60fps) on high settings at 2880x1440. I don't know why people doesn't work on better graphics card, The game never crashed
game-hours: 160.7
review: Its delayed 10/10
game-hours: 25.2
review: -Best optimization. -Epic graphics. -Epic Heist's/jobs. -Worth money. i suggest you purchase it and welcome to Heist World!! Totaly Worth it.
game-hours: 55.8
review: Lots of glitches bugs and crashes. My computer is very able to run the game with a powerful quad core and GTX graphics card it isn't my hardware that is the problem. The game can just run like a potato sometimes. And the online part of the game is terrible unless you like getting spawn killed by people who spent real money to buy the weapons they kill you with 5/10
game-hours: 1.3
review: Can''t start this Social Club at all. Over a week already and no reply. Please do not buy this game.
game-hours: 41.1
review: Save errors, corrupt game files..... not palyable at all..
game-hours: 2.0
review: Wont work with my Radeon HD 7700M series despite it having plenty of power. If I try to use that card to boot the game it wont boot. 2 years of dev time for the port and it cant support a common card. Nice.
game-hours: 28.7
review: At the moment, I do not recommend this game. Multiplayer is bugged for most people. Singleplayer is nice, but multiplayer....
game-hours: 17.3
review: 24 hours of messing wih this game and I am still unable to play. Seeing "GTAV has exited unexpectedly" is driving me up a wall. For those questioning the issue - 416 comments on their support thread with no resolution or input from Rockstar:
game-hours: 29.6
review: Total waste of money. Won't even start. Does simply nothing. It's a very good simulator how to start a game and a very hard one, too. I did not menage to get past the first level...which there is "start the game".
game-hours: 22.6
review: First of all the singleplayer is impressive as hell, it's a great port with no stutter in frame rate, I have a 2 year old PC so it's not the best yet I still get 1080p/60, which is just excelent. But Online is a different story, frame drops, friend list being different on social and steam, hard to join games, even harder playing with friends, a huge amount of lag, both server side and the game itself. And I didn't get my million dollar bonus! I'm sure most online issues will fix themselves over time, when a billion people aren't trying to play at once, but currently the Online experience is lackluster.
game-hours: 38.9
review: Game will not launch Neithier of the work arounds work!!
game-hours: 33.9
review: So hard to play Online..It's keep loading! Please fix it!
game-hours: 18.4
review: After patch, still can't play the game. I keep getting error code 9. I'm so glad I pre-ordered this.
game-hours: 9.2
review: I have been waiting for 2 days to play this game after launch because my installer wont allow me to sign in with social club saying I'm not connected to the internet when I clearly am. I have contacted Rockstar and have had no reply or any help to fix this problem. Complete waste of my money.
game-hours: 10.8
review: After playing it a bit more and trying some of the heists its really not all that fun. Drive here, kill a few guys. Drive back. Drive here, grab something, drive back. Kill a bunch of guys, drive back. May as well call it Grand Theft Auto: Drivin Simulator cause that's all there is in this game. It bored the  out of me between the loading times and the lack luster amount of variety in missions. Do not buy this unless it is on sale, otherwise you are just wasting money and HDD space.
game-hours: 29.6
review: This port is complete  atm when it comes to online, I looked it up and it isn't just me, a lot of people keep ending up in sessions by themselves and when they get into a game full of people it only last like 10 mins before it says everyone has left even though it was really you who got disconnected, most of the time it just says stuff before I'm done joining like "Lost connection to the session" and then it returns me to single player where I have to load everything all over again and try again, I've looked at Rockstar reports on this and they keep saying the same damn thing about doing stuff with your ports, but everyone in the comments says it doesn't help, they are being useless right now and we really need a fix. And the  Rockstar says to do to fix it, we shouldn't have to do that at all, it should be there job. I'm pretty dispointed since this is gamebreaking for me and a lot of other people, if this problem was fixed I would rate this 10/10, but since I can only connect and play 15% of the time I give it 2/10 I would be really greatfull if someone could help me with this issue.
game-hours: 42.4
review: I've seen some horible launches, but this takes the cake. I'm actually impressed how well this crashes my system. Trying to exit the game crashes computer, but forcing it to quit through task manager just asks me if I want to retry playing the game in safe mode. Online character creation is, well, broken too. Occasionally, the game will let me into what I think might be the main menu, but that dosen't always work itself out. I dunno. Overall, I'm really dissapointed. I wasn't expecting the game to be good at launch, but I simply wasn't prepared for this disaster. I really hope this gets fixed soon. For refrence, my computer has a X4 750k, and an XFX R9 290. EDIT: Occasionally, I was able to actually boot into the game, however I was not able to load anything beyond the minimum settings in Dx10, and it averaged 45 FPS. With the new update, it refuses to load correctly, constantly jumping the landing page and always "attempting" to load into Story Mode. This just makes me sad. EDIT 2(4/19/2015): Game now runs, but the framerate is sub-60 FPS, all settings on normal at DX10.
game-hours: 51.3
review: UPDATED AS OF PATCH 1.01 Cant reccomend a game I cant play. Forced to click the steam play button more than I have any other game (I've watched the intro/loading screens more than I ever had to on the 360 (note: im level 144)) Can't pause the game without freezing Cant play online without freezing Cant play single player for more than 40 minutes without freezing Cant load the game without freezing Cant buy the next R* game without freezing SMH, until a patch comes out that resolves this issue, this review will remain. Here is a screenshot of the error
game-hours: 4.4
review: Grand Theft Auto V launcher has stopped working. After a LONG waiting time problems like this shouldn't be a thing. Sorry Rockstars, you are getting the de_vote
game-hours: 33.9
review: Laggy Have a really good gaming computer played game five mins crashed and now the game wont even launch
game-hours: 58.2
review: GTA SAN ANDREAS!  ,CJ, , ! ,! !
game-hours: 50.3
review: Maybe if you enjoy the story, but Online is terrible. Clunky movement system, instant kill headshots (regardless of armor bonuses), broken cars given freely to griefers, and probably hacks all over the place with no anti-cheating resource available.
game-hours: 0.2
review: Install issues are abound and we are told we are at fault because our Windows user name contains characters other than letters or numbers. That is wrong as I only have letters and numbers in my user name. People praise Rockstar but they can't even launch a title successfully. Even the PS3 and 360 version had day one problems. Not recommended until they have this fixed.
game-hours: 51.0
review: doesnt work
game-hours: 0.8
review: Dont waste your money on this piece of garbage. Can't even get my game to go past the rockstar loading screen even on safe mode. Even if one spec on your PC doesn't meet the requirements, you're out of luck. Was excited for this and now im furious. -100/10. Going to be deleting all local content asap unless a soultion is found...
game-hours: 34.3
review: Loading Simulator 2015 and when in you get bugs for days.
game-hours: 28.9
review: clearly not a game that ready for market yet. Its have loots of issues. Had to reinstall windows to get the game to work.. and now that i did update to windows 8.1 the game stop working for me again.. Contacting Rockstar for support its like asking a dead fish where to find sand.. Rockstar is the new EA games when it coms to support.. The game is fun when it works but Rockstar as publisher and support service on this game is what make me not recomend it. Will update this when Rockstar decide to com out with fixes if game works.
game-hours: 6.9
review: This game might be a little prettier than it was 2 years ago, but there is nothing new added that makes it worth paying $60 for a 2 year old game. The online portion of the game is still an awful waste of time. Not to mention for some reason they never got rid of the boring ifruit app which requires you to feed, water, and walk chop. All in all this game is not worth half of what they are asking.
game-hours: 29.4
review: Never have I played an open world game this linear. Honestly the most missplaced money in months! They try to give you a sense of decision making but it all really boils down to the exact same thing. Boring missions that makes it feel like im grinding world of warcraft quests only to get to the "good" part. You get the same feeling as though when you've orderd a pizza and you know the delivery will be here any second, and you're absolutly starving. You're waiting, and waiting but he never comes. Still you're 100% sure he will. And before you know it the game ends. Not only is the story one of the most linear stories I've played since call of duty mw3. But it is repetetive aswell. All of those who have played mobas know the feeling when you're supposed to gather 5 flowers. Yes, these kind of quests sums up this game pretty well. Actionwise is this game slowphased. Cutscenes are continuously breaking the immersion and Rockstar refuses to let you play through ANY EVENTS AT ALL!!!! To give you an example of how things would be: You press "W" for awhile to move to a specific destination where the cutscene is programmed to start. Explotion, your character runs to cover and now you'll have to press "W" for abit longer only to get to the next cutscene. They could have done us all a favor and made a movie out of this instead so that I could have watched it for free. Tossing money down the drain when excpecting a game when really, its just a movie that forces you to reach for the keyboard to continue. The main thing they can sell this game on is the characters. You follow three different characters who are very different from eachother. Rockstar have obviously tried to make their personalities as interesting as possible as though you'd fall in love with one of them and there by also start to like this game. I cant really come up with another explenation to why the singleplayer mode was created at all. On the upside it has alot of modding capabilities and online mode that I still see some potential in. I've been a massive geek of LSRP in SAMP for a long time. And when RP servers will start developing their stuff in GTA V and maby even converting their entire establishments to this new clean engine Id finaly see a purpose for the 50 I tossed in to this game. If you're over 18 and acctualy have experience from the era when games were good Id mark this game with a big red: DO NOT BUY stamp. But, if you're a kid who just found his way to the gaming scene and finds graphics as the most important aspect of a game, then gohead, ask your parents to buy it for you.
game-hours: 84.0
review: UNPACKING SIMULATOR 2015 10/10 IGN
game-hours: 25.5
review: JUST 10/10. CUUUUM
game-hours: 16.7
review: Very fun. Incredibly Gorgeous. Incredibly well optimized. Pushes my dual 780 TI's to the limit, but the graphics maxed out at 1080p60 are amazing.
game-hours: 15.2
review: Fix. This. .
game-hours: 27.7
review: After a long wait, us PC Masterrace folk have finally recieved GTA V. Not only is this a huge screw you to the console players, but this is a great step for us all. Long live the PC Masterrace. In all seriousness GTA V for the PC is great. It's alot more than just a port, it plays perfectly for me and exceedes my expectations. The graphic options make the game really come that much more to life, it plays and looks amazing. If you were on the fence of this being a good port or not like I was, trust me. It's a good port. See you in Los Santos!
game-hours: 25.5
review: JUST 10/10. CUUUUM
game-hours: 16.7
review: Very fun. Incredibly Gorgeous. Incredibly well optimized. Pushes my dual 780 TI's to the limit, but the graphics maxed out at 1080p60 are amazing.
game-hours: 15.2
review: Fix. This. .
game-hours: 27.7
review: After a long wait, us PC Masterrace folk have finally recieved GTA V. Not only is this a huge screw you to the console players, but this is a great step for us all. Long live the PC Masterrace. In all seriousness GTA V for the PC is great. It's alot more than just a port, it plays perfectly for me and exceedes my expectations. The graphic options make the game really come that much more to life, it plays and looks amazing. If you were on the fence of this being a good port or not like I was, trust me. It's a good port. See you in Los Santos!
game-hours: 5.3
review: i type my cd-key on gta 5 rockstar game and when i try to activate now in steam it say cd-key is already in use.
game-hours: 30.9
review: Do not buy this for single player. The gameplay is incredible (as we all know), but there's this glitch where I can't go past 24% (give or take) completion. I've looked up solutions for this and found forum posts from 2 years ago complaining about the same thing. Rockstar's fix is to start a new save file from the begining. I did this, and (after another 6 hours of replaying content) it still didn't work. Single player is unplayable. You'd think that around 2 billion dollars in revenue is enough to fix a glitch, but I guess not.
game-hours: 29.5
review: 10/10 great loading screen artwork, would load again.
game-hours: 42.7
review: Looks and runs much better then GTA IV. No FPS lock and running smooth. So far the wait has been worth it. Great game and Great port.
game-hours: 21.6
review: 11/10 would wait 2 years for console peasants to finish testing alpha build
game-hours: 2.7
review: BEST GAME EVER 11/10
game-hours: 30.9
review: Do not buy this for single player. The gameplay is incredible (as we all know), but there's this glitch where I can't go past 24% (give or take) completion. I've looked up solutions for this and found forum posts from 2 years ago complaining about the same thing. Rockstar's fix is to start a new save file from the begining. I did this, and (after another 6 hours of replaying content) it still didn't work. Single player is unplayable. You'd think that around 2 billion dollars in revenue is enough to fix a glitch, but I guess not.
game-hours: 17.7
review: If you're interested in GTA V only for the singleplayer, read some reviews and decide for yourself if you want to buy this game. But if you're like me and mostly interested in playing online with your friends then I have to caution you against buying this game in the state it currently is in. Online is... a frustrating experience to say the least. It's almost impossible to stay in the same game session as your friends, and joining the same session as your friend after you've been separated can be a sisyphean task, as the game lets you look at the map from above for a few minutes before you get told whether you're getting through or not. If it fails, you get the pleasure of spending a few more minutes loading an empty session just for yourself and then you can do the same thing over again. Sometimes the game will even send you back into singleplayer without any explanation. But you don't have to be in the same session to play together, you might say. You can join a heist and then invite your friends to join, assuming it doesn't fill up before they can get in or the same connection issues that plague the rest of the online experience doesn't pop in like a drunken clown at a birthday party. If you want a game you can play together with your friends online, my suggestion to you would be to buy another game or wait until Rockstar fixes the online portions of this game.
game-hours: 41.8
review: Ultimate selfie simulator 2k15. 10/10
game-hours: 13.5
review: this gay  dick     game
game-hours: 27.1
review: The game is broken on launch. I guess testing wasn't in the budget. Very common, above average setup here. At first the game quit after a few minutes. The first transition cutscene then failed. I then installed Nvidia's update specifically for the game. Started it back up made it to the second cut scene transition before it died again. Kind of sad that this is the product we get after waiting so long.
game-hours: 27.0
review: just finished installing.. been waiting for this.. after configuring the graphics, played on 1080p... pretty much on ULTRA settings... Graphics are WOWWWWW... Lovin the Details.. Lighting... Environment... TOP work Smooth Gameplay... I haven't play the ps3 or ps4 version.. so I have no comparisons.. because i've only been waiting for PC version. yes a LONG WAIT!!.. No Regrets Tho... BTW Here's My Rigs: i7 4790k AMD Radeon R9 290 4GB DDR5 16 GB RAM DDR3 500 GB SSD EVO Samsung 840 10/10 AWESOMENESS!!!!!!!! but again.. this review is coming from a GTA fan... so of coz it'll be 10/10.. :D
game-hours: 9.9
review: 3 weeks waiting and 60$ for "gtavlauncher.exe stopped working"
game-hours: 14.3
review: It's GTA 5.
game-hours: 82.0
review: Yep, the minimum system requirement is NVIDIA 9800 GT 1GB / AMD HD 4870 1GB (DX 10, 10.1, 11). But it won't be able to run at 1080p with 1GB graphic memory, AKA my gtx 560 ti. You need at least 2GB graphic memory for 1080p. Very disappointed.  ---/)  --//  -// --//''/`'_ -/'/--/-/--/\ --('(- ~/'--') \-'--/ -'\'---/ \---| -\--\
game-hours: 27.1
review: I was SO excited for this, like the hype was unreal, and it is good certainly, but unfortunately the game has so many issues right now that it SEVERELY hinders the experience. I have WAY over the suggested settings, and the game is supposedly perfectly optimized for my specs, but the game runs very VERY POORLY, with UNBEARABLE lag spikes that make the game almost unplayable. It is ridiculous it took them THIS long and still both i and my friend with high end PC's can barely run it. Rockstar, get it together, you more or less fixed the console versions and you BETTER fix this.
game-hours: 40.8
review: Well it's a GTA game what did you expect? :P
game-hours: 56.3
review: I have encountered more than one game breaking bug that has existed for years on console versions of this game. Despite many open tickets from countless users, Rockstar has yet to post a single working solution to the problem on either consoles or PCs. This is unacceptable; they've had plenty of time to address this. I'm powerless to hold them accountable. The only thing I can do is post a bad review, so here it is.
game-hours: 1.4
review: 7.8 to much water
game-hours: 66.6
review: oh yeah i can do anything i want surpriseeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
game-hours: 90.6
review: BEST Game EVER ... WORST Company EVER
game-hours: 15.6
review: its like the console versions, except looks better and things load faster. would recommend
game-hours: 22.1
review: g8 game m8 i r8 8/8 dont deb8 this r8 m8, u r already on a bad sl8. no h8
game-hours: 5.9
review: It's GTA - there is no more to say!
game-hours: 34.3
review: Im sure the game is awesome tho its up to 130gbs now..But due to auto lockin accounts n lack of rockstar support im now sitting here 28 hours later with the worlds stupidest support tech. litterally told me to log in and out of the account im locked out of.......
game-hours: 22.1
review: It would be awsome if I just play the damn game.. Rockstar dalayed this game so long and cant even bring the working game after finally releasing it.. I deeply regret that I pre-ordered this
game-hours: 4.2
review: Spent 2 hours trying to insert game key.. Dank
game-hours: 20.5
review: Can't play the game. I have to download Windows media player but I seem to be unable of doing so. I have a very good computer.
game-hours: 18.4
review: Online doesn't ing work...
game-hours: 1.8
review: controls,  interface, if you fail at an objective the game goes out of it's way to start you at the othe end of the city. Even the best vehicles control like they were built by a factory of inbreds imported from the stone age. Frequent lag spikes whenver someone joins or leaves while you sit there wondering why you give a  when they aren't on your friends list. If you want to sit for a round of 'move you f'ker!, oh my god just f'king turn already" and "why would that even cause any lag, what the f?' Then this game is for you. If you don't want to scalp yourself to relieve the rage that will build up when a random lag spike causes you to drift off the side of a bridge then play something else.
game-hours: 30.9
review: So I began play as Franklin and the first thing I did was stomp a cat to death. 10/10 would crush again
game-hours: 17.8
review: GTA V is a huge production with lots of things to do in a big detailed world so don't get me wrong but the game braking bugs(not related to my system) with a lot of fiddeling to get through, the things the game pushes you through without you wanting to, boring minigames, clumsy characters, clumsy menus, characters choosing their own clothes, cars playing random radio channels and no way to trade cash between the characters it's better to wait for a sale. I'm just forcing my way through this now for some value from my cash..
game-hours: 42.6
review: I absolutely hate how every time i play this game it crashes on me and I am NOT talking about the launcher. Every time I complete a mission or rob a store it crashes on me, and yet i still see no fix to this problem. It also crashes randomly.
game-hours: 46.2
review: it keeps crashing i like the launcher tho its 10/10
game-hours: 22.0
review: Having just played this game for a short time on pc, so far i can say i am very pleased with the pc version. The pc version has better graphics, no loading hiccups that plagued the console version and it has smooth performance. Looking forward to beating the game on the pc version and playing on multiplayer. I definitely recommend the pc version over the console version. 10/10
game-hours: 26.7
review: loading simulator 2015 10/10 would load again
game-hours: 24.5
review: Jogo bom mais dando problema atras de problema, agora nem jogar online no posso. Cheio de bugs de conexo, no recomendo comprar ainda, voc vai ficar com dor de cabea, pois at mesmo o site da rockstar essa com problema, pois no suporta o numero de acessos.
game-hours: 54.4
review: Single player is passable, the online is garbage as of me writing this review. Kind of a let down after the wait. Prob wont preorder anymore rockstar games.
game-hours: 4.2
review: Spent 2 hours trying to insert game key.. Dank
game-hours: 12.8
review: Can't play untill now, game keeps saying GTA 5 exited unexpectedly.. tried everything possible on the internet, no fix. buy it later when all bugs are fixed.. lol
game-hours: 1.8
review: controls,  interface, if you fail at an objective the game goes out of it's way to start you at the othe end of the city. Even the best vehicles control like they were built by a factory of inbreds imported from the stone age. Frequent lag spikes whenver someone joins or leaves while you sit there wondering why you give a  when they aren't on your friends list. If you want to sit for a round of 'move you f'ker!, oh my god just f'king turn already" and "why would that even cause any lag, what the f?' Then this game is for you. If you don't want to scalp yourself to relieve the rage that will build up when a random lag spike causes you to drift off the side of a bridge then play something else.
game-hours: 18.4
review: Online doesn't ing work...
game-hours: 72.4
review: Top.
game-hours: 87.3
review: Sky simulator 2015. 11/10. Love this game tho, the port is incredible, few crashes here and there, some server lag, but yeah, Amazing game, GET IT! :)
game-hours: 6.2
review: Just formatted my computer and lose all my date ( story mode ). A newbie mistake for that company.
game-hours: 42.1
review: Well worth the wait!
game-hours: 59.2
review: The fact this game took 2 years and 3 delays and still can't be ready for launch online or offline.. buggy, screen poppy, and sometimes just all around ups.. Get this port off my Computer and off Steam if you can still refund it do it..
game-hours: 16.8
review: Well, where do i start? Its day one of PC launch and it causes a low memory error (probably memory leakage) So I guess this is a repeat of what happened in Assassins Creed Unity. When steam pops a message up on day one launch offering to pay you back until the game is stable....come on man, thats a low blow
game-hours: 15.2
review: Crash after crash after crash after crash and you all know how the rest goes ;-)
game-hours: 36.8
review: I really love this new $60 useless play button!
game-hours: 51.0
review: -10/10 ing trash game wont even launch Good job rockstar
game-hours: 57.7
review: bye
game-hours: 49.9
review: BEST GAME EVER 10\10 !
game-hours: 32.6
review: all good..but in few minute i play keep getting this error (err_gfx_d3d_init)
game-hours: 23.7
review: 8 hours of game play at first launch,would have kept playing but i needed something to eat 10/10
game-hours: 0.7
review: I7 4790K GTX 970 8 Gigs of RAM Game runs at like 15 fps, even at lowest settings.
game-hours: 0.7
review: I7 4790K GTX 970 8 Gigs of RAM Game runs at like 15 fps, even at lowest settings.
game-hours: 62.9
review: I lost my sleep !!!
game-hours: 0.7
review: can't play Having Error !!!
game-hours: 101.1
review: so basicly i lost car's included ma 1.4 mill adder it transformed into a car i droove into my garage ....+ its unsellable and i cant really see how this is playble.... waiting until support thread gives an anwser or fixes this cause its unplayble....
game-hours: 65.1
review: i have had the best exprince with the game launcher! its amazing how the game launcher have changed throught the years!! but ill review the game later on when the launcher lets me play it. Thanks EA for another stable game. :) 11/10 "best launcher i have seen"
game-hours: 50.7
review: GUYS BUY THIS GAME !!! IT WAS WORTH TO WAIT FOR. AWESOME !!! 10/10
game-hours: 29.5
review: Like coment and skrubscribe.
game-hours: 6.1
review: played some in the early morning, school in the morning, decent game still fiddling with graphics, LOVE IT!
game-hours: 65.8
review: cool
game-hours: 36.8
review: Terrible multiplayer, cant join anyone, game crashes randomly and forces you into the campiagn. did not live up to hype
game-hours: 0.9
review: trash
game-hours: 17.4
review: Finished downloading after 3 days straight of not sleeping WASTED 10/10 would download again
game-hours: 4.2
review: game,.
game-hours: 0.7
review: can't play Having Error !!!
game-hours: 29.5
review: Like coment and skrubscribe.
game-hours: 6.1
review: played some in the early morning, school in the morning, decent game still fiddling with graphics, LOVE IT!
game-hours: 50.7
review: GUYS BUY THIS GAME !!! IT WAS WORTH TO WAIT FOR. AWESOME !!! 10/10
game-hours: 36.8
review: I really love this new $60 useless play button!
game-hours: 49.4
review: "If you have not already, do not get this game, it is so broken beyond repair. NEVER FORGET: 4/14/15" Basically, for me, not being able to play the game is a deal breaker. This was a gift or a would demand a refund. I have played this game on ps3 and ps4 and it is a great game, its awesome and wonderful and all these great things. But if you cant play it then its nothing, thanks for wasting my time and money rockstar, btw if your game has been out for two years, and you got da' ballz to demand full price for it still, make sure its working right.
game-hours: 84.8
review: Finally Gta V on pc after a long time. Good job Rockstar Games.
game-hours: 35.5
review: very pretty resolution is stupid
game-hours: 17.4
review: Finished downloading after 3 days straight of not sleeping WASTED 10/10 would download again
game-hours: 84.8
review: Finally Gta V on pc after a long time. Good job Rockstar Games.
game-hours: 33.5
review: Really great game. I launch it and it opens up a computer simulator that looks exactly like my desktop right before I launched GTA V. The only issue im having is getting out of the desktop and into the open world, anyone know how to fix this?
game-hours: 1.1
review: Meh... overrated game i prefer Vice City.
game-hours: 35.7
review: yiss
game-hours: 50.5
review: Runs Great, Fun game, But the only two problems are the control scheme is a little weird and there is slight lag in menus and in windowed mode it tends to open the menu randomly but other than those this game is one of the most fun games ive ever played
game-hours: 73.7
review: Lust Murder.
game-hours: 7.6
review: Must say I'm disappointed... played it for 7 hours... boring as hell... and graphics are pretty bad if you compare them to whole fascination about pimping your graphics settings and 60 gigs installation... Uninstalled...
game-hours: 30.4
review: Love this game!
game-hours: 19.3
review: I spent 73 minutes trying to fix this game, along with 4 hours of reinstalling it twice. We waited 2 years , 10/10 got more then monies worth.
game-hours: 18.2
review: Nothing we havent seen before, poor PC controls.
game-hours: 74.6
review: Shot a cat and alerted the neighborhood. 10/10 recommended
game-hours: 54.5
review: The Best Grand Theft Auto ever made on PC!!! 10/10
game-hours: 36.0
review: 10  10  ,   5  )))
game-hours: 32.4
review: how do i refund this piece of
game-hours: 93.0
review: It's a GTA game
game-hours: 52.7
review: Bought the game, Spent about 13 hours downloading and installing it and nothing but problems. Can't play the game because of the Social Club/Steam linking. Apparently the key Steam gave me is already in use, which is pretty stupid. All in all nothing but problems with Rockstar with any game I get from then, Deffinitely a DO NOT buy. Not worth the hassle. ----------Negative 10000 Rep-----------
game-hours: 134.1
review: Bad game. I wouldn't reccomend this game to my friends.
game-hours: 78.9
review: Best Game ! GTA V is a funny Multiplayer and Singleplayer Game. -------------------------------------------------- - Good PC-Port  - Nice Single-Multiplayer  - Tuning  - Free DLC's  - Good graphics  -------------------------------------------------- - Long loading screen's !!!  -------------------------------------------------- THX Rockstar for PC GTA V <3 10/10 Points
game-hours: 7.0
review: Great graphics and sound but overall story is just kinda boring and heists is almost the same thing everytime.
game-hours: 31.4
review: Chop tried to fetch a grenade... 10/10
game-hours: 49.1
review: Thumbs down until Rockstar releases official modding tools
game-hours: 50.5
review: it ok
game-hours: 1.0
review: my build is better than gtav's so called minimal requirements yet i get no more than 1 frame per second. cliffs this is a fukin scam
game-hours: 32.8
review: Complete lauch failure.
game-hours: 49.7
review: PC Ulitmate experience my ... Buy preorder, download files before premiere. Wait 30 min for decoding files on launch. And then what? You cannot play because R* don't know that some countires use more letters than basic 26. I bought this game, paid for it and still I can't play it. On this position for me it's a scam.
game-hours: 47.5
review: I dont like games
game-hours: 23.4
review: ***Day 4, still no fix. Rockstar, not even a released statement saying anything regaurding this problem...*** A huge  you to about half the community from rockstar. Wait 2 years for the came to come to pc Preload for 7 hours Wait 2 days for it to be released Unpack for about an hour and a half. Launch game, moment I have been waiting for my entire lilfe "Rockstar Social Club has stopped responding" every time on launch Verify integrity Try atleast 7 different "solutions" Nothing helps or fixes it. Been waiting 2 years for GTA V to come to PC, a week for it to be released after preloading it, a statement or a patch to be released for 4 days now, Im done waiting. I actually want a refund for this because it guinenly does not work for me. Im not smack talking or hating on the game, im stating that it doesnt work for me and anyone looking into this game should be wary about if they have AMD hardware, because apparently it does not work with social club UI. I really REALLY wanted to play this on PC because I could run it, but sadly Social Club UI crashing constantly prevents me from enjoying myself with GTA V.
game-hours: 24.7
review: first day up you would expect that rockstar has learned their lesson about server overloads yet masive amounts of people cant get online to or even run the game in the first place
game-hours: 23.4
review: ***Day 4, still no fix. Rockstar, not even a released statement saying anything regaurding this problem...*** A huge  you to about half the community from rockstar. Wait 2 years for the came to come to pc Preload for 7 hours Wait 2 days for it to be released Unpack for about an hour and a half. Launch game, moment I have been waiting for my entire lilfe "Rockstar Social Club has stopped responding" every time on launch Verify integrity Try atleast 7 different "solutions" Nothing helps or fixes it. Been waiting 2 years for GTA V to come to PC, a week for it to be released after preloading it, a statement or a patch to be released for 4 days now, Im done waiting. I actually want a refund for this because it guinenly does not work for me. Im not smack talking or hating on the game, im stating that it doesnt work for me and anyone looking into this game should be wary about if they have AMD hardware, because apparently it does not work with social club UI. I really REALLY wanted to play this on PC because I could run it, but sadly Social Club UI crashing constantly prevents me from enjoying myself with GTA V.
game-hours: 14.7
review: AVOID THIS GAME LIKE A WARM SPOT IN A SWIMMING POOL Please give me the Self Refund Button so I can click it. Where to begin... Purchased this game for the PS3, out 60 bucks, game freezes, no fix tried two copies on 3 PS3's no help from Rockstar. Waited forever with anticipation for its release on PC, preordered, postponed release, waited some more... then the day finally arrived... Oh Joy. Random crashes in single player, constant messages to reboot and reload ( if this continues contact Rockstar Support). Once in it works fine until it decides to dump to a black screen and lock up. Online.... Wow what a poor design, might work for some, but not what I expected from the ads, I cross between CrimeCraft and APB but not as good as either in any area and those games are not great. In a nutshell the City is a Lobby of sorts while you ride around and jack cars and shoot other players for no reason, or you get a call from an NPC for a PVE mission to do something random. Or you can drive to a blue icon on the map and start a mission which for the most part are just weak pvp vs instances... At this point the game becomes a "Load Screen Simulator" which I give a 10/10. Early experience in these games types is that you spend more time in load screens than actually playing a match. Of all that I played so far the worst was "Crooked Cop" it boiled down to 40 cop cars wrecked around a package with members of both teams spawning a block away each time they died and driving strait into the pile of cars... total cluster, the worst game mechanics in a multiplayer game I have experienced to date. On every level... "Come out and Play" really? WTF Rockstar.... why? So to sum it up I have wasted a total of 120 bucks on a game that is not worth playing. I was "lucky" enough to get it installed so no refund for me, or I would be clicking that button. Three installs of Social Club to fix random crashes and the inability to load the online game at all, as well as server drops where I am attempting to play Load "Scream" Simlulator, yes scream, not a typo - that's what we call it, we see the f'n load wheel or birds-eye city view or game tips and we scream.... So server drops, in a session with a friend, all of a sudden a spam of people leaving and I am all by myself, in a session, no friends. I have to close the game down and relaunch and wait... and wait.... only to waist more time trying to find my friend before we launch into load screens to do something stupid, then get so frustrated we quit and go do something else. Could this game be fun, yes, is it, no. Truth is its broken. And before you scream hater, I love the franchise I was with GTA since its inception and have had every title since, but this one has issues plain and simple. I truly feel they should make the refund available to everyone. Please give me the Self Refund Button so I can click it. Rockstar, today a fan has died... I am sure you do not care... but if you do, please return my money.
game-hours: 36.6
review: The game crashes while trying to launch. This problem has been reported by many users now, and it's been just a couple of hours since release. I will get the refund and go buy the retail version. What a disaster.
game-hours: 39.6
review: Review ETA: 04/14/2017, don't worry, I'll delay it an additional three times.
game-hours: 28.8
review: Cant play the game error 1000.50 when loggin in so much for a smooth launch
game-hours: 23.1
review: game keeps crashing
game-hours: 63.8
review: waited for ing ever for this game to release. released finally, and pow cant play the game. 10/10  this.
game-hours: 2.4
review: ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE
game-hours: 49.2
review: Would enjoy it if I could open it.
game-hours: 140.1
review: - It does not start - Steam launches the launcher.exe, which does close after approx 3 sec & nothing else happens. - Tested all that I could think off - 3 different PCs ( 2 desktops, 1 laptop ), tested all the OS available - Tried 5 different launchers that I found all over the internet, tried bunch of system settings, disabled all non essential windows stuff, enabled all crap as well, played with virtual memory, ram drive, ssd, hdd, tried integrated graphics, nvidia graphics, amd graphics, tried downloading via steam, tried downloading via torrent, tried downloading via rockstar social club - Tried different monitors, tried to create countless accounts with tons of settings, tried to disable all non essential hardware, tried launching the game via various launchers ( GF Experience, Cortex ), tried command line, bat file... - Tried to launch the game via WMVare emulated OS, tried to disconnect all USB devices, disabled touchpad, disabled keyboard, tried all the possible options in nvidia panel( did not bother with AMD) Farthest I got: Launcher kept saying loading for 15 minutes, then my mouse started to go slow motion & windows kept doing lot of weird sounds. Well done either Rockstar or Steam. No wonder that people eventually decide to pirate stuff, I mean look at it... With steam its self: I am forced to create a steam library and then have the game in bunch of subfolders, moving the game around is difficult... would it be so much to simply let me choose the path where I would install it without the Steam library ? I believe that all this crap is simply tied up to Anti piracy protection, but face it, 99% of protections attempts have failed and the ONLY people that got punished in the end were / are the ones that decided to pay money for your product... Perhaps this will never be heard by people that this is addressed to, but I will take my mini chance.
game-hours: 140.1
review: - It does not start - Steam launches the launcher.exe, which does close after approx 3 sec & nothing else happens. - Tested all that I could think off - 3 different PCs ( 2 desktops, 1 laptop ), tested all the OS available - Tried 5 different launchers that I found all over the internet, tried bunch of system settings, disabled all non essential windows stuff, enabled all crap as well, played with virtual memory, ram drive, ssd, hdd, tried integrated graphics, nvidia graphics, amd graphics, tried downloading via steam, tried downloading via torrent, tried downloading via rockstar social club - Tried different monitors, tried to create countless accounts with tons of settings, tried to disable all non essential hardware, tried launching the game via various launchers ( GF Experience, Cortex ), tried command line, bat file... - Tried to launch the game via WMVare emulated OS, tried to disconnect all USB devices, disabled touchpad, disabled keyboard, tried all the possible options in nvidia panel( did not bother with AMD) Farthest I got: Launcher kept saying loading for 15 minutes, then my mouse started to go slow motion & windows kept doing lot of weird sounds. Well done either Rockstar or Steam. No wonder that people eventually decide to pirate stuff, I mean look at it... With steam its self: I am forced to create a steam library and then have the game in bunch of subfolders, moving the game around is difficult... would it be so much to simply let me choose the path where I would install it without the Steam library ? I believe that all this crap is simply tied up to Anti piracy protection, but face it, 99% of protections attempts have failed and the ONLY people that got punished in the end were / are the ones that decided to pay money for your product... Perhaps this will never be heard by people that this is addressed to, but I will take my mini chance.
game-hours: 94.6
review: I have reccommended requirements and it literally cannot run worth playing this confuses me especially when I set the settings to low.
game-hours: 0.9
review: So full of  and errors that I got a refund. Not buying this  again until they fix the invalid code issues, laptop mobile issues, launcher issues, update issues, and everything else..
game-hours: 33.3
review: -10/10 still cant play because of RSC crap issues.
game-hours: 88.6
review: the graphics look like the damn ps3, some parts look nice.. but the shadows are very choppy, tree's are glitching out, and i cant use my mouse, it staggers too much, im forced to use the wired xbox controller, and my graphics card fans are screaming in over load anyway.. rockstar ed up, i thought with the amount of delays the pc version had, i thought it would be better without glitches, i guess i was wrong, i think the rockstar team need to learn to create games for the pc first then work on consoles, they did better that way im playing at 60 fps 60 hz cause i cant play any lower other wise the shadows are all choppy and the cars have glitches in the textures
game-hours: 17.5
review: First 10 minutes of playing the game i saw a floating cat. It then meowed at me and floated in the sky 10/10 would watch cat go to heaven again
game-hours: 1.4
review: The game cashes everytime I do a car chase missions. Fix it.
game-hours: 87.4
review: Can't pass the Launcher...
game-hours: 29.7
review: Start to  me off.The game keep telling me :GTA V PC 'exited unexpectedly', click retry below to enter the game again and the same pop up appeared, even in safe mode.
game-hours: 62.0
review: Social club launcher crashes every time. I cannot play a game i bought for 60$ on my birthday. 10/10.
game-hours: 43.5
review: cannot open the fxxx game.cannot log in the Social club.Specially use SAM just 4 fxxx RockSTAR. 0/10
game-hours: 1.0
review: So its been almost 2 days since the releease of the game and i still can't start the game. I contact rockstar support for help and they close my ticket and say my pc isnt up to spec even though A. It is B. I supplied them with a Dxdiag which they did not read and C. I even gave them a frecking Gpuz report to prove it. So in conclusion **** this game and rockstar. :)
game-hours: 21.1
review: "Grand theft auto V has exited unexpectedly" 1 week and still no patch good job tar!
game-hours: 12.0
review: eww
game-hours: 28.9
review: You know how they kept delaying the game to fix bugs? Yeah, well, I haven't seen a single bug in the game so far. Wanna know why? I haven't even been in the game yet!
game-hours: 4.3
review: I can't play this game for longer then 5minutes I get always crash with  ERROR:) waste of 40 pounds.
game-hours: 11.6
review: The game needs more bowling and roman.
game-hours: 15.4
review: Game fails to launch. This is NOT the username bug, the game fails to launch properly. Thousands of people with this issue and no response from Rockstar. I cannot recommend this game.
game-hours: 60.9
review: 1.5 million for purchasing early is a lie..allow me to clarify: if you want the FULL amount.it is a lie..you cannot get 1 million of it unless you PVP!!!!!...PVErs were only given 500k!!!!!....this is a total misrepresentation of what was to be when sold ...if developers/reps will lie this early then game isnt worth it
game-hours: 128.7
review: Play this game in 1st person the best arma 3 ever
game-hours: 1.4
review: THIS GAME IS  IT'S SO ING GLITCHY I CANT EVEN LOG IN I WANT MY ING MONEY BACK  YOU ROCKSTAR
game-hours: 60.3
review: if you planned playing gta5 with keyboard and mouse...no way. mouse handles like , you can mess with the options in the keyboard/mouse settings men, however it won't work- if you don't have a controller the game is unplayable or as best annoying as - rockstar should have known better. hopefully a future patch will level this out. nontheless- best gta-story ever- the mousething is a shame though
game-hours: 19.8
review: works on my machine :^)
game-hours: 53.4
review: 1st mission kills a cat 10/10!
game-hours: 41.1
review: Just after minutes of playing the game, it starts to stutter and reaches a point where the game becomes unplayable, fps can drop down to like 6 frames per second. My specs are enough to run this game at very high settings. Tried everthing i can, using third party softwares, tweaking the game settings, cleaning and re installing drivers, optimizing through geforce experiance, cleaning registeries, defragmenting HDD, and God knows how much sh!t i have done for this game to run smoothly. Not recommended unless Rock$tar patches this sh!t.
game-hours: 62.5
review: 60 dollar for a cant play game, give back my money or fix this ing things now! it keep saying no responding and im not the only one who have this issue, god damn fix it or i wont give a positive review
game-hours: 12.5
review: LOADING LOADING LOADING LOADING play this game if you love to endlessly load a game. this is so godamn annoying, all you do in this game is load. - Get an invite to a heist - join it - LOADING LOADING LOADING - it's full! quit it ! - LOADING LOADING LOADING LOADING LOADING - Get in invite for a mission - Join it, players are using different targeting, would u like to use it? accept - LOADING LOADING LOADING LOADING LOADING - it's ing full would u like to quit - LOADING LOADING LOADING LOADING LOADING - Invite for a setup - join it - players are in an active mission would u like to spectate HELL NO, quit it - LOADING LOADING LOADING LOADING 30 minutes later I've still not done a single ing thing but LOADING!
game-hours: 5.3
review: "My xbox 360 can run this better" 10/10 IGN
game-hours: 14.1
review: Oops? A WHAT OOPS?
game-hours: 2.0
review: lots of issues currently
game-hours: 62.7
review: "Grand Theft Auto V" is a one of a kind. You play as a Michael.
game-hours: 13.2
review: fix bugs pls
game-hours: 39.9
review: problems with the social club ui, payed (again) 60 and no support from rockstar whatsoever. You should wait a few days/weeks until you get this game.
game-hours: 72.1
review: Been waiting a long time for this .looks and plays awesome and it truly challanges my rig.
game-hours: 30.5
review: Grand Theft Auto V launcher has stopped working/10
game-hours: 14.1
review: My review is as simple as this..... I would probably love the game if I was actually able to play it. I get owned when clicking play and nothing happens.... 0/10 - For the time being.
game-hours: 13.0
review: -Cannot kill children 0/10
game-hours: 11.3
review: after tranfuring my ps3 account to the pc and only 10min in online game i lost 20 miljoun because of some ing glitch or hack or somthing all the hard work for nothing back at strat no cash
game-hours: 0.1
review: I just bought the game and it crashed immidiately after I logged in my rockstar account
game-hours: 0.9
review: unable to play 0/10 rockstar refused to refund or communicate
game-hours: 13.2
review: fix bugs pls
game-hours: 9.8
review: Quando precisamos de suporte cade os caras ? palhaada esse suporte da rockstar !!
game-hours: 4.4
review: This game haven't worked since I bought it. If I had the choice I'd rather have my money back ATM.
game-hours: 17.7
review: amzing Graphics have to say i found online very disapointing and frusrating and since the update i cant even get into story mode i didnt wait a year and half for a game that does even work very well
game-hours: 28.0
review: it wont even open 0/8 no h8
game-hours: 0.9
review: unable to play 0/10 rockstar refused to refund or communicate
game-hours: 57.7
review: Modo online: comunidad toxica + 0 actividades + crasheo
game-hours: 80.8
review: It's ing GTA V, buy it right now.
game-hours: 58.1
review: amazing
game-hours: 22.7
review: How the  do I mute people online 0/10 scottish kids are annoying.
game-hours: 76.3
review: Thanks to this game I now know that when the GTA6 trailer for consoles will come out, I will be able to play that game on PC in the next 3 to 5 years. 10/10
game-hours: 24.7
review: Social Club failed to load due to an incomplete installation. Please exit the game and re-install the latest version of the Social Club. 11/10
game-hours: 14.5
review: ...Online Server Down...Oh Great~
game-hours: 21.6
review: No more bowling with Roman 10/10
game-hours: 22.7
review: How the  do I mute people online 0/10 scottish kids are annoying.
game-hours: 36.6
review: Amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 10/10
game-hours: 30.0
review: Went to the gas station, bought all their beer, got drunk and stole a car. After joyriding for a bit I ran over a bunch of nudists and ended up dying in pool. 10/10 would make my way downtown again
game-hours: 2.4
review: so then was GTA V worth the wait? i'm afraid not not only does this look worse on console but the port needs massive work as i can't excuse the fact that may A-10 APU runs worse than a PS4 memory wise because of this the game looks like the worse i have in my steam libary im being 100% serious my copy of XIII runs better and looks better than this. Now then other than that what is there diffrent? im afraid not enough to justify the cost if you are running an APU like me because apprently the video card only has 724mb and that is a pile of crap not only that but i can't change the graphical options because im already over the limit Why should i buy this game? i'm afraid at this point in time there is none unless you can stand 3D graphics that look like an awful version than wolfenstien. You think i'm making this up? im being 100% serious a game from the 1990's looks better than this on the lowest settings it can run And for that and many other stupid idiotic decisions from rockstar i will no longer be giving them another chance on trying to persuade me to buy any of there lazy games again, go ahead rockstar prove me wrong improve your port and i will reconsider this review. however for the time being because this game looks like a game that's one of the first 3D games invented it's a full on no for me if you have an APU don't even think of buying this pile of crap. 1/10 the 1 is for finally being on PC
game-hours: 9.7
review: How do you screw up A GAME LAUNCHER!!!! i cant play cause i cant launch the game, this stuppid APPCRASH BS pops up and there is not fixing it, TRSUT ME. i tried everything. i want to play with my freinds, laugh have fun, and be merry again. !!!!!!!!!!!!FIX THE LAUNCHYER GOD DAMN IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 45.9
review: me like very much me special boy me recommend me good game
game-hours: 45.3
review: This game has given me an absolute ing hate for Mexicans.
game-hours: 20.4
review: Stutters too much to enjoy... I'm sure they'll bring out a patch relatively soon. But until then it's almost unplayable Specs - FX 6300, R9 270, 8gb 2133mhz ram
game-hours: 30.1
review: Works Great!! well made game!!!
game-hours: 12.8
review: 10/10 best luancher crash simulator
game-hours: 58.1
review: amazing
game-hours: 52.9
review: Best port, best version, best game, the wait was worth it
game-hours: 24.0
review: buy it...NOW
game-hours: 11.0
review: qwerty
game-hours: 51.7
review: Really Rockstar? 2 years and 3 delays seemed to have added up to nothing. The game is unplayable for me as as the launcher crashes and I get a message saying "GTA V Launcher has stopped working". It then checks for a solutio to the problem and closes. And it also seems about 25% of ALL people who bought GTA V are experiencing game destroying problems. I have tried reinstalling both the game and Social Club, verifying my cache files, restarting Steam and my computer, and fidddling with my GPU. Nothing worked even the slightest. Rockstar - FIX. THIS. NOW.
game-hours: 50.7
review: gg
game-hours: 59.7
review: Social club is working...i am not being cheeky...honest. It works...hehe...it works......IT DOESNT ING WORK!   !!!!!
game-hours: 8.7
review: Doesn't matter what I say, the second I hit the dislike button this review will only be hated. GTA Online still needs more content, I don't find any enjoyment after the first 2 playthroughs of the single player and 1 hours of online gameplay which would have been way worse without playing with friends, all in all I feel like the Online jobs need more variety and less loading times.
game-hours: 55.7
review: PC MASTER RACE
game-hours: 102.1
review: Game wont launch at all, very very dissapointed, was really looking forward to playing this game.... update didnt fix it
game-hours: 67.5
review: Don't know what's all the hate about. The game is EXTREMELY WELL-OPTIMIZED having no trouble playing it at a steady framerate. PC MASTER RACE!!!
game-hours: 84.0
review: -UPDATE 4/15/15- Turn out I need to disable my NVIDIA Graphic Card at device manager. Why? I don't know. ='..'= -(NOT really IMPORTANT)- Yeah. I've tried pirate version from my Cyber Cafe and compared to what I buy. It's the same! How?? By the way, Rockstar.. You need to prevent those piracy people. I know I am not in a position to say this, but yeah. *I'm gonna get so much hate from this..* -UPDATE END- Delay, delay and now this? Can't even load the game up. Delay making my hype to play kinda decreasing.. then this installation problem.. Well, back to DotA 2 now. Don't even consider this game until it fix or get a 75% discount. Or dare I say this.. But! Pirate version is more stable than this! Some Cyber Cafe in my area already breakthrough the lock encrypt system and I don't even know how! Well, sorry Rockstar! This is the last straw! First GTA IV problem with steam, then Max Payne and another then LA Noire infamous loading screen. Now, fail at launch again? C'mon! I am stepping down from follow any of the games now. I know it's not a big deal for "some" people. But, every times man. Sorry, I'm just.. can't take it anymore. Been waiting this like forever. *Not really an ARGUMENT/IMPORTANT* I play the PS3 version with my friends, it really is good with minor glitches.. But for this launch fail. Nevermind. I step down from ever paying any of Rockstar games full price anymore, I'll just wait for the price to decrease 75 to 80%, if there is any of good games in a distant future. In-game money wasn't even that worth it for pre-order bonus. I know you are trying your best. But wasn't it enough? Delay after delay? Maybe not I guess. What a failure. Can't even be at ease even after paying and downloaded the game. -Not really Important- -Just a minor complaints- Pros: None can't even play the game Cons: -Fail at launch date. -Some Username has to be fix within the character suggested in news. But none work for me. I even restarted a few times now I felt like  person. -Rockstar Club infamous problem "Again". -Some users need to wait for another unofficial delay again. Suggestion for those users in the future: Wait for the price to be 75% or higher off. NOT A JOKE. Been pre-order like crazy for previous released game from Rockstar and then fail at launch. This is kinda 3rd or 4th times. Pirate was more stable.. I guess seeing my nearby Cyber Cafe can launch it with every single games that I preorder without error or any Rockstar Social Club login at launch date. Kinda envy those pirate users. Well, nice knowing you. -END-
game-hours: 44.9
review: Game doesn't open, 10/10.
game-hours: 6.7
review: **** you Rockstar, you guys need to learn how to program. Game launcher crash simulator, would crash again. 11/10 ign
game-hours: 21.6
review: .
game-hours: 16.3
review: where is my refund/10
game-hours: 0.6
review: the key code its not working ?>?>?>??
game-hours: 1.2
review: Yes we all know that this game is good however i cant play for some reason
game-hours: 2.9
review: What makes Rockstar think they are too cool to support dual graphic card switching? It's 2015 and no laptop have dual graphic cards? Which idiot in Rockstar made this decision? We should launch a petition to fire that idiot! I've seen lot of players complaining about the crashing and received no reply at all. For me, the crashing is caused by the dual graphic card becasue I can open it using my integrated graphic card. As soon as I openned the dedicated one it died instantly!!! GG RS!!
game-hours: 32.2
review: worst game ever created
game-hours: 26.9
review: We know for a fact that all we do in GTA is visit dem strip clubs, and have fun with s :) However... It's all better with the PC version. That's right, you show those console peasants who the master race is!
game-hours: 2.5
review: I do not recomend this game for people that do not have a good pc. I have a  HP, and this game wont render. The game also is so laggy. I have this game for ps3 and I love it, don't get me wrong.
game-hours: 52.9
review: Elder Scrolls Online had a better launch. All my friends are fanboying over it though
game-hours: 14.5
review: Cant play after 5 minute
game-hours: 42.0
review: day 1)online broke , to many  trying to get on the servers.
game-hours: 29.5
review: GARBAGE. cant even open the ing game lmao
game-hours: 21.5
review: Crashing Simulator. please fix this
game-hours: 42.0
review: day 1)online broke , to many  trying to get on the servers.
game-hours: 29.5
review: GARBAGE. cant even open the ing game lmao
game-hours: 75.6
review: Servers are not able to be joined. My friends are able to join multiplayer, but it gives me a message asking,"Unable to initialize connection to game servers." What does this even mean? I tried to connect to their support page, nothing about this issue came up. I don't know what to do. Hopefully it will be fixed tomorrow. I will give this a recommendation once I can connect to their game servers.
game-hours: 3.7
review: This game is  because you can't reg a ing Social Club account!
game-hours: 52.9
review: Elder Scrolls Online had a better launch. All my friends are fanboying over it though
game-hours: 48.8
review: Loading screen simulator 2015 Seriously when you're playing online the whole experience is just loading screen after loading screen. Mission failed? Time to load the score board, now we're loading something else. This wouldn't be too bad if the loading screens didn't last 2-3 minutes per screen.
game-hours: 24.2
review: social club errorTT
game-hours: 53.9
review: I have over a month of my life spent in GTA Online prior to this, and I can officially say that the game is perfect! If only my laucher would stop crashing...
game-hours: 0.6
review: Huge disappointment. Out of all the delays with Heist and the "polishing" of GTA V PC just to have some simple login error be the cause of not being able to play a game because of a character in your name is pretty pathetic. I payed 50$ for what? to get a message that says "Socialblade crash"... Its fine ill just unlink my steam account... oh wait! YOU CANT! lol absolute trash. way to go Rockstar. Way to screw your loyal fans who spend their hard earned money on something they cant even play. Kudos.
game-hours: 13.1
review: Why cant I play online?
game-hours: 85.7
review: broke and terrible rockstar should feel bad
game-hours: 28.6
review: 10/10 spent 2 hours unpacking my luggage. Soon I will be done so I can exlopre los santos!
game-hours: 42.0
review: Rockstar and their ing launches....
game-hours: 8.3
review: lol exdi here is a "funy" review pleas gib me 1000000000 likes bc my mom got me a 18 game 4 my bday
game-hours: 30.6
review: First of I do like to game, I really do, but I can't recommend it at all due to the uterly bad engine/servers. Well I couldn't play the game at first, because I had an invalid username, searched for an fix and found the workaround to make a new windows account and play it on there, worked perfectly fine. Then came the patch for fixing the usernameissue, it did fix the usernames... BUT I lost all my story progress. Ok fine, it were only a few hours, nothing I couldn't play again. But today I wanted to play with some friends, we randomly disconnected and then every time I tried to join one of my friends my game froze and crashed. THATS what I call a AAA title aka. THE ULTIMATE EDITION we waited so long for. The long loading times and bad performance just add up to this pile of  that they call "optimised"
game-hours: 16.1
review: worst game ever better to buy it on xbox one or xbox 360 , very bad console port.,
game-hours: 16.0
review: Not as great a game as GTA San Andreas, which has much better writing, mission design, wit, music, and most other things. GTA V is designed more to be a make-your-own-fun game, with the story and missions being more filler-esque. That doesn't appeal to me as much as having the story be the main affair, and made to be awesome. I want to be taken on a detailed and exciting adventure, not just be given the environment for one and have it be up to me to find something interesting to do with it. Minigames and free-roaming doesn't compare to scripted story-telling. GTA V feels like a greatly diminished design from GTA San Andreas. I think that Rockstar needs to shift its priorities, and not expect to get a free pass on its story quality. Also with GTA V, the mission design has the player criss-crossing the map every next mission in the most annoying way. In GTA San Andreas, available missions would develop in an area close to the player. In GTA V, the player has to backtrack long distances between each mission. And the missions in GTA V are bite-sized, largely delivery-type styled. They're often pretty boring. GTA San Andreas' missions are all kinds of different things, and they're pretty well thought out. GTA V is OK - but if someone wants exciting story and missions, GTA San Andreas is a superior source and I recommend GTA San Andreas whole-heartedly. GTA V is pretty mundane in comparison.
game-hours: 10.4
review: Though I installed the lasted patch for this game, the frame drops and texture missing issues still exists. Rockstar must work on to fix the issue.
game-hours: 26.9
review: Still a little buggy around places, some missions  up. Sometimes my screen just goes black and I have to restart. But, it just got released, so I cant blame it..
game-hours: 28.6
review: 10/10 spent 2 hours unpacking my luggage. Soon I will be done so I can exlopre los santos!
game-hours: 22.3
review: In simple way, bad reviews are only from peepz who can play only Solitaire on Windows. I have never problem with this game from when we can start it. Good optimized for old PCs like my. Serious review comming later. Watch less porn and ur PC will be OK.
game-hours: 0.2
review: What a huge piece of wet . After nearly 2 years, I have purchased a game that I can't even play. I click play, and nothing cunting happens. Well ing done. All that time spent making sure the game would work, all those delays to make sure that the users will be happy. What a joke. I'm so happy I payed 45 pounds for this, and used my incredibly slow internet to spend a ing week downloading it. Screw you, you sacks of . I'm pretty sure you're supposed to be able to play games. I feel like I should add that I have tried every possible work around suggested online. Nothing works. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. Update: It has now been almost a week. Nothing. Not a single piece of information from Rockstar on how to make this game work. This is great. I have payed for nothing, and there is nowhere on the internet providing actual answers as to when a fix will be available. Just silence. Thank you so much Rockstar. If you were a person I'd wish a terminal illness on you. Seriously,  you.
game-hours: 112.5
review: Wait a few days to buy this game unless you want to have to deal with all the bugs crashes and all around  that you have to deal with like, Redoing the tutorial 10 times because of game crashes or having max frames then all of a sudden the game crashes due to a fatal error with no number code.
game-hours: 12.1
review: SO according to the recommended hardware, I should be able to run this game smoothly, not the case... With every graphical setting turned to the lowest/off, and the population and traffic bar turned to the lowest, i can barely scrape off of 25-30 frames...... Great Hardware: GPU: AMD Radeon R9 290(4gb of video ram) CPU: AMD FX 6300 6 core processor(3.5ghz) Motherboard: Gigabyte Asus Z97 Pro OS: Windows 8.1 64 bit Storage: 2 TB HDD
game-hours: 9.3
review: Loading simulator 2015. Probably a good game but bad launch.
game-hours: 15.6
review: GTA5 is the first game I've purchased in a very very long time to 100% crash my computer to the point of actually having to turn the thing off. The last game I purchased brand new to do that? GTA4.
game-hours: 0.5
review: It's worse than GTA IV. Horrible game. If you don't play it EXACTLY the way they want you to then you get a "MISSION FAILED" and have to start over. They don't even FRELLING tell you what you can and cannot do!! This has got to get a Worst Game of the Year award for being so horrible.
game-hours: 25.8
review: Its a decent game but it has quite a few problems... -Ive got graphic issues -Rockstar socialclub  is just like windows live games, horrible -Hard to play with friends because of the difficult menu's -Online there is almost no interaction except with your real friends.... -GTA Online is a joke, you can race and DM and  around.... Not much more -Heists are finished within 1 or 2 hours -No MODDING SUPPORT! Yep there is no modding support..... Fun fun fun..... not.
game-hours: 83.6
review: it iz gud and it iz fast
game-hours: 18.3
review: 10/10 Best game ever.
game-hours: 27.7
review: Brilliant
game-hours: 37.3
review: Runs really great, looks really great. It's simply amazing, well worth the wait.
game-hours: 69.4
review: Not Recommeneded till the game is patched up and optimized more. (Major Problems) - Impossible to get past the Yacht Mission (Bugged no matter how many times I've tried, watch Franklin die every time) - GTA Online is unavaliable on the first day, no idea how long it will take to come up - FPS issues, 120fps on max settings in the City, 27 FPS in the desert. (Makes 0 Sense) (Minor) - Graphics not what I expected on the maximum settings for PC, Hopefully someone could make a HD Texture Mod Hopefully these problems will be fixed soon, I probably will not play until next Patch. [EDIT] (PC Specs) Samgsung Evo 256gb SSD (Running Windows) Kingston HyperX SSD 256gb (Running Game) I-7 3770k 4Ghz OC Geforce GTX Titan 16GB RAM Interned Speed (since someone thinks this matters) 160Mbps DL 15Mbps UP
game-hours: 9.5
review: fasza bazdmeg!
game-hours: 26.1
review: More Glitches Than Super Mario 64: Chaos Edition
game-hours: 6.4
review: I don't mind day one problems with games, tbh it's expected. But after waiting a year and a half for the PC version to be released and then be out for a week and still not launch is discraseful.
game-hours: 9.4
review: Online is ! Don't buy this game !
game-hours: 25.8
review: DONT BUY THIS GAME IS ING FULL OF BUGS NOTHING ELSE I BOUGHT IT AND PLAY A HEIST i made it 90 procent and was on the plane to the laning zone and i would make it with my friend then it ING CRASHED in the end i just say u have ing delay this 2-4 times and u cant ing fix a crash bug on like 9 months, im ing dissapointed. just wish i could get my money back
game-hours: 0.7
review: no
game-hours: 26.0
review: I can't recommend this game yet. In fact, if you're on the fence I strongly suggest you wait. The online play is horrible, and here's why: -It takes forever to load initially. -Frequently it fails when you try to join a friend or crew member. -Missions fail to load. Multi-part missions even more frequently fail to load in-between parts. -Whenever you finish a mission or activity (eg golf) it will return you to a world, but not the one your were in. If you were playing the activity with a friend/crew there's a very good chance you will be split up across worlds. -Any time you join a world or activity, or leave an activity it will take forever to load. -Voice chat just doesn't work for some people. -Numerous other glitches, especially things failing to load. If you like constantly jumping around servers (worlds) and the accompanying loading screens this game is for you. Everyone else should wait to see if they can alleviate these problems.
game-hours: 55.3
review: I Skipped class to play this game..... still dosnt work been trying every trouble shoot for 4 hours and still no solution.. i crash right when im in launcher and i have a more then capable pc...... thanks rockstar even battlefield 4s launch didnt have as many bugs as this!
game-hours: 47.5
review: don't buy this game they can't get their  right makes us wait two extra months and they can't even make the lauch work.. I can't even get the game to even come up on my gaming pc and I'm sick of this good job rockstar you screwed us yet again
game-hours: 10.9
review: This is pathetic excuse for a launch of a game. I recommend only buying it when the ing servers actully work. Well another billionare game company managed to  up another launch
game-hours: 8.0
review: WHERE IS THE WORKSHOP INTEGRATION? WTF?
game-hours: 46.7
review: Figured out how to launch it, turns out the driver update SPECIFICALLY made for the game causes the launcher to crash. But forget that, still can't play it. Rockstar's sh*t tier DRM couldn't stop my key from being stolen. Guess ill be staring at the social club screen instead of playing the game. Nice job rockstar, glad to see you have your priorities straight.
game-hours: 55.7
review: F***ing double DRM BS with an unitutative setup, and they couldn't solve that in the month long delay. This is worse than the old series because I have to setup an account link my soical club account to my steam account then god knows what. This is terrible.
game-hours: 86.5
review: PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC 1080P AT 60FPS AAAAAAAAAAAH
game-hours: 1.3
review: cant launch
game-hours: 52.8
review: pc master race nerds.. hope you enjoy your 2 yr old game you paid full price for LMAO
game-hours: 36.0
review: Where do I get my refund?
game-hours: 2.8
review: NEVER EVER
game-hours: 38.3
review: Another rock solid RockStar release .. requires Social Club to play, crashes almost immediately on launch .. yeap .. glad I paid for this . --- Update: The launch of this game was appalling, huge amounts of different causes for crashes, and different bugs causing e.g. incredibly sluggish FPS on default settings. The apparently needed mobile app still doesn't support PC a couple of days after launch. The only official answer I've heard is that if you use anything but a-z, A-Z and 0-9 in your user account name they suggest you create a new user account, which is ridiculous in itself. Some of the other causes for crashes have been solved by the community and e.g. on reddit you can find a decent list of suggestions. However, there still seem to be a lot of people for whom none of the suggested solutions work. I finally managed to get myself into the game, the crashes at launch seemed to have been caused by .. my microphone. Disconnecting my Blue Yeti before launch, got the game to launch and I could reconnect it once I was in the menu without it causing the game to crash again. After managing to get into the game the gameplay turned out to be very good, much more fun than I hoped for, but still leaves room for improvement on the controls side. The controls are incredibly complicated, pretty much every key on the keyboard has some function assigned to it, and the "hints" for using them are briefly flashed at the top left corner the first time you need it, thus it's easy to also miss it and get stuck trying to look for what key is for e.g. going into cover. While the game has a lot of promise, I cannot with good conscience recommend this to anyone until they fix their  .. this might take a month, it might never happen. I'll try and remember to update this if that ever happens.
game-hours: 29.4
review: Rockstar social club
game-hours: 1.1
review: ITS DOESNT EVEN ING WORK I JUST GET THIS ERROR IN THE SOCIAL CLUB Social Club failed to load due to an incomplete installation. Please exit the game and re-install the latest version of the Social Club. then they give me a link and i did all the stuff the link said and it STILL DOESNT ING WORK!!!!!!! ERROR 37 : ROCKSTAR VERSION!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 3.6
review: NOW I am recommending this to people with PC that are built for gaming I tried this on two computers, my Laptop and my Gaming PC. Graphics: Great for "Gaming" PCs, this has possible great graphics/textures on a Great PC. sadly for user on Laptop sorry but you're out of luck until Rockstar wants to update the game. On my PC the map loaded fine, occasional Lag for a sec to reload the map. amazing game for PC On my Laptop, Geez talk about bad...game occasionally crashes when trying to load(in fact crashes more than often) the map will try to reload several times while you driving/moving/looking out for your apartment. see the thing is that they made a game without a "low" or "Very low" setting, maybe take away bushes, gates, certain details that just generally make it to hard for a laptop to work. Gameplay (Story Mode): Overall gameplay of Story mode is great, being able to switch from characters and characters having different abilities, being able to buy cars you love and just mess around. playablity after the story, okay I guess, side missions and stuff to do afterward, still can do whatever you want after the story is finished. that is about it. Gameplay (Online): Great, Fun, Challenging. GTA Online takes the best aspects of the Story mode and puts them into Multiplayer. own garages, cars, tanks, planes, weapons, etc. being able to fully customize vehicles, guns, your character. multiplayer is a struggle though inorder to keep up with certain stuff, such as rent/insurance/ammo/clothing/etc. Overall as a conclusion! PC "Gaming Computer" is the best. Laptop/Lower End PCs is the worst!
game-hours: 6.3
review: Took some time to make this review, had to push it 3 times... <3
game-hours: 79.6
review: Rockstar have done enormous work on GTA 5 on the personal computer. Say thanks to them!
game-hours: 25.2
review: Game not working for laptops with switchable graphics. There is a work around, but it STILL won't work for half the people with this problem.
game-hours: 25.2
review: 10/10 rockstar account locked out again
game-hours: 14.6
review: It is completely absurd that Rockstar still requires you to sign into Social Club to use their games. Absolutely ridiculous. I don't know my password. You know why? Because Social Club is completely useless, and I only ever think of it when I have to look up my password every single god damn time I start a Rockstar game. So I tried the passwords I thought of, and now I'm locked out.  off with this , Rockstar. I don't want to use your ing garbage social service to play your game. I already own it on the PS4, and I guess I'll keep playing it there since I'm already logged in.  you.
game-hours: 49.6
review: I have played for 5 minutes and its amazing
game-hours: 37.5
review: Can't Running this game. My VGA: nVidia GeForce 640M Version driver 350.12. please help me
game-hours: 1.2
review: This game will take a big dump on your computer. For the time being, just stick to console.
game-hours: 72.5
review: PC Master Wait <3
game-hours: 4.3
review: To much controls , is almost completely the same as the ps3 version . And it detects the keyboard wrong from qwerty/azerty.
game-hours: 14.7
review: It works.
game-hours: 1.6
review: mto bom esse jogo so tem um problema como se joga
game-hours: 37.7
review: this is a in joke , kept retrying over and over again but it just wont work , we have been waiting for 2 years to get this . gg rockstar thanks alot.
game-hours: 60.3
review: bang boom pow
game-hours: 60.3
review: bang boom pow
game-hours: 82.8
review: Not sure if my computer sucks or not but I feel that I should be able to run it decently. Super laggy and stutters way tooo much. but again, not sure if it's my pc or the game. (probly just my CPU) Specs. GPU-Radeon R9 285 CPU-AMD Fx 4300 Quad Core 3.8 Ghz 8gb Ram Windows 7 Home Premium 64bit 1tb Hddr So, Is it my comp or the game? Please help.
game-hours: 42.5
review: 10 out of 10. trevor is the best
game-hours: 17.8
review: This is fukken AWESOME game! Please BUY IT! 1337/10
game-hours: 15.7
review: CAUTION! DO NOT BUY! IT WILL RUIN YOUR LIFE!
game-hours: 35.2
review: Shame on you Rockstar..
game-hours: 4.3
review: Been waiting for this for a long time but I have to say that this time it disappointed me. Despite the numerous beautiful 4K screen shots of GTA V that's been released earlier, you might have gotten hyped for this game like me, but after several developemnt delays, the result is that the graphics are not even up to par with Watch dogs, which has been downgraded a lot. Since I've played PS4 version for awhile, it is easy for me to say that the console version looks much better. Maybe I need a better graphics card or cards and a 1440P 144Hz monitor rather than a single GTX 770 GPU and a cheap 1080P 60Hz monitor build to fully immerse myself in this game, but this time, I only wish steam has refund policies because I can't see myself spending hours on this game getting distracted by those jagged lines and mozaic-like textures.
game-hours: 15.8
review: So here I was expecting the game of a decade, then after a 60 GB download, with the anticipation mounting, BAM the thing doesn't get past the decoding/updating screens. I demand a refund for this! It isn't early accses and its one year late. This is outragous! Either fix the damn bugs or dont bother. I want my hard earned money back in my pocket. You've already ruided this customers satisfaction. Don't do it for others. I've tried well over 100 times to launch the game, and tried these 'solutions' to the windows account error to no effect.
game-hours: 0.8
review: Rockstar worse than EA. 10/10 would not waste 59.99 and 3 months of excitement again.
game-hours: 1.6
review: Already had a social club account not linked to my steam acc then used my activation code on that account and finished downloading gta then couldnt sign in with my account that i used my activation key on then i had to create a new account and it linked to my steam and hit check activation code and says its already in use bc of my other acc but i cant sign into social club with that one because it says i need to link my steam acc but wont work
game-hours: 34.3
review: A game I was hyped for, for a very long time! It came out well but im dissapointed after transfering my Gta Online character from Xbox 360 to pc his appearence and traits were completely reset, also not to mention the insanely long amount of time it took to unpacked the game files! I will think about changing my review once my gta online character is fixed. -------------------------------------------------------------------------- UPDATE 4/17/2015 Rockstar has never contacted me back.... My Entitiy XF which i paid real life money for is gone Online is horrible I regret ever buying this game on the Xbox and pc. This was right before i was going to change my dislike to a recommended game... An hour later 4 more cars dissapeared from my garage
game-hours: 26.7
review: ATM this game is an absolute mess. Let me tell you about my Grand Theft Auto V experience. First off I bought the game originally for Ps3 and let me just say the upgrade is absolutly stunning. However, the game is plauged with issues. First off all my drivers/hardware and any other software or internet related item on my computer is working just fine. Its the game. So I join an online game and at first im amazed the graphics looked beautiful and I was suprised that my computer couldnt run maximum graphics options. Not an issue though it still looks far superior to the ps3 version. But then, as i walk down the street everything starts exploding.... no one else is in the game and i realize the cars are spawning into eachother..... No one connected to my game and I tried finding new servers but people were getting disconnected. My brother installed the game and he couldnt even launch it untill he finally after 8 hours of troubleshooting found a fix which is ridiculous. He has to disable his drivers then start GTAV and then enable them again during launch.... like wtf ? Once we FINALLY managed to get in a game together. Mid gameplay it freezes and crashes to desktop.....3 times making me have to restart and join his damn game again each time! NOW I CANT EVEN LAUNCH THE ING GAME!!!! It freezes on the first loading screen So great now i have to trouble shoot again thanks a whole lot for wasting my time AND my money Rockstar I paid $60 for this game not only for pc but on PS3 as well which had its issues believe me. SO IF YOU WERE TO ASK ME DONT BUY THIS GAME UNLESS YOU WANT TO TROUBLESHOOT FOR HOURS! or who knows you might get lucky.....but if you ask me we shouldnt have to gamble paying $60 for a ing video game. IT SHOULD JUST WORK once there is a patch yes this game will be frieking awsome! but as of now its a glitchy piece of  and im so mad that i spent a full $60 instead of waiting for this  to be fixed  YOU ROCKSTAR!!!!!!!
game-hours: 15.8
review: BAD ING GAME IT WONT LOAD WHEN EVER I LOG IN TO ROCKSTAR GAMES AND LINK IT TO MY ING ACCOUNT *does a barrel roll*
game-hours: 7.5
review: BEST GAME EVER !!! BUY NOW !!!
game-hours: 63.4
review: I simply cannot recommend this game right now , the performance are horrible , i'm having extreme Stuttering even with a descent config ( over recommended ) . The game might be good , but something is clearly wrong in the port . So, i will wait for a patch to fix that because i cant play .
game-hours: 42.7
review: YOU
game-hours: 17.7
review: Launcher crashes all over the place for many users. If you submit a ticket to rockstar, they send back a confirmation email containing a link to your ticket. What happens if you click that link? The page doesnt exist. Good to know that this common issue is being resolved. P.S. my Windows username is alphanumeric, thats not the issue
game-hours: 54.5
review: Just horrible, you cannot call Romans taxi at any stage in the entire game.
game-hours: 63.2
review: If I don't see ya, good afternoon, good evening, and good night.
game-hours: 0.6
review: I can't even get the game to run. Several show stopping bugs out there. I would wait to buy this until they fix it and it is actually playable.
game-hours: 34.2
review: Why the hell do you have to have social club when it's so bad? I can't even start the game because it keeps crashing on startup because this social club crap just won't work! What were you guys doing in that one year delay? I thought you were fixing it, polishing it up. This is just terrible!
game-hours: 22.3
review: No no... Its fine. I have wated years to join in the GTA series. But after years and years. I cant ing Launch the game. Thats fine rockstar.
game-hours: 43.8
review: MineCraft Has better graphics
game-hours: 56.3
review: My favorite game I can't play. EDIT: Favorite game I CAN play. 10/10 would unpack again!
game-hours: 30.6
review: horrible garbage, takes nearly 3 years to come out on pc and on first day launch, error all day every day. Thanks ing rockstar thanks.
game-hours: 42.7
review: Needs fixes bad. Mouse lag is insane. I switched to using a PS4 controller for now. Weird bug where in a heist and a player dies the screen just stays on there face. A teammate must commit suicide to fix. 60FPS is possible but you have to really lower the graphics to the point of where it looks awful. Wait for some patches before you buy.
game-hours: 2.8
review: you Rockstar. Fix the damn game so us gamers with laptops can play. Once again,  you you lazy s.
game-hours: 54.6
review: DO NOT BUY THIS GAME Lucky for me, I pre-ordered it and got a refund quickly. It is a broken mess. This is nothing new for Rockstar though.
game-hours: 39.5
review: I rate games on how good my experience has been with it. I refuse to give this game a good review when I can not even play it.
game-hours: 6.4
review: i pre-ordered this a month or more ago and i am an avid fan truely of all the GTA games but 5 is so flippin glitchy its not worth all the trouble..
game-hours: 47.8
review: Social club is
game-hours: 35.8
review: AmazeBalls. 10/10
game-hours: 55.8
review: BEST GAME EVER :DD
game-hours: 46.3
review: Grand Theft Auto V - Story: 9/10 - Gameplay: 10/10 - Graphic: 10/10 Grand Theft Auto Online - Matchmaking: 7/10 - Server Connection: 6/10 - Joining Mission: 4/10 I recommended GTA V but not recommended GTA Online for a while.
game-hours: 81.0
review: the memes are out of control
game-hours: 15.3
review: 10/10 didn't play it but the hype was good
game-hours: 21.2
review: in' fantastic
game-hours: 2.6
review: I hate video games. >tfw no bf
game-hours: 28.4
review: ... dat launch fail. FIrst of all, you are forced to sign up with  Rockstar Social Club, so pesky. Then the  Social Club doesn't work for 1+ days on launch. Then a good amount of people can't play the game without creating a new user profile on their machine. Then many people complain about random crashes, I got some too within a few hours of the game. How the ... how the  can you let things like this happen, ask AAA money for the title and have it postponed numerous times. Would it have been even ier if they launched it on PC earlier? (Maybe you could've had a crash every 5 minutes then.) Exquisite fun for you. Game is good, port is... kinda "optimized". Story is great. Cba to play it, getting put off by annoyances. So. NO!  off with that  Rockstar Social Club. You can do that  on consoles, not on PC.
game-hours: 6.1
review: Don't buy this unless you like wasting money on a game that cannot even be played since Rockstar don't give a damn about fixing it.
game-hours: 6.1
review: Don't buy this unless you like wasting money on a game that cannot even be played since Rockstar don't give a damn about fixing it.
game-hours: 87.2
review: DO NOT BUY. DOES NOT WORK. NO HELP FROM STEAM OR R*. I'd wait for a few days. Not to blow my own trumpet but my rig is sweet, 1000 sweet. There is no way in hell that the game wont load due to my rig. All parties involved have gone quiet. DO NOT BUY! DO NOT BUY! DO NOT BUY! DO NOT BUY! DO NOT BUY! DO NOT BUY! DO NOT BUY! DO NOT BUY!
game-hours: 50.2
review: This is a poor fake. It doesn't work! I want my money back! Don't buy it and Steam please remove this  as fast as you can To everyone: DON'T BUY THIS GAME!!!
game-hours: 44.6
review: GTA V on a 144htz monitor with maxed settings and msaa x2 80-110fps core i7 4790k EVGA GTX 980 superclocked edition 16 gigs ram Acer xb270h monitor 10/10
game-hours: 15.7
review: THIS IS NOT A $60 GAME, THIS IS AN UNFINISHED PIECE OF  THAT DOESN'T WORK RIGHT.
game-hours: 49.4
review: GTA 2 is way better.
game-hours: 15.4
review: Let's all say "Thank You" to the console peasants for testing the game for us.
game-hours: 82.9
review: 10/10 Would play everytime.
game-hours: 0.8
review: CAN'T EVEN OPEN THE DAMM GAME!
game-hours: 8.1
review: WTF ROCKSTAR?! Can not run or load the game at all. Well beyond all system requirements yet everytime i attempt to run the game i get a "please run playgtav.exe error".... This is UNACCEPTABLE!!!! I paid for a pre order, pre loaded, am WAY BEYOND the system requirements yet.... can not play. I expect a full refund for this lack of playability on the first day. Why open the flood gates if you were not yet ready. FIX THIS!!!!!!
game-hours: 28.7
review: It's 3:08 AM, launch day and i am finally playing it, guess who is skipping school tomorrow... Update: Best GTA so far!
game-hours: 3.2
review: 1/10
game-hours: 68.2
review: U DELAY STAR. ING JUICE!!!
game-hours: 82.7
review: Here we go.
game-hours: 1.1
review: Performs terribly without a RIDICULOUSLY expensive rig. Nuff said.
game-hours: 10.7
review: have problem like me? my GTA V code already in use?
game-hours: 8.1
review: Haven't managed to launch it without crashing, but I'm sure it's fun!
game-hours: 23.7
review: !!!1
game-hours: 36.6
review: pretty solid launch!
game-hours: 1.7
review: Cannot play it damn
game-hours: 28.8
review: 11/10 Has it's own porn gif creator.
game-hours: 2.2
review: Wow. Rockstar is just pathetic. Someone stole my code, while I was streaming. Someone just saw my STEAM PREORDER Bonus CD-Key and used it on RSC, so they could activate the game. And they are playing. Apperantly, I can't play the game, without RSC, when I enter it, it says, that the code is used. Good job on the safety, Steam and Rockstar. Good Job. I'm not the only one who lost it, I have full proof, that I bought the game on Games4You.LT and that it is mine, but Rockstar or Steam, can't write back, while doing something else. Just lost 60 euros, which was really hard to get. Good job... *sigh* *sad-face* *cry*
game-hours: 27.3
review: worst game ever for graphics
game-hours: 63.5
review: Took longer unpacking on an SSD than downloading the thing 10/10 would do again
game-hours: 0.4
review: I don't like it because it is too expensive for my country. Our average salary is about 180 euro where some money are for food , clothes and bills. That means we cannot afford this even if we wait months . I hope that one day Lord Gabe Newell will read this review.
game-hours: 73.5
review: Buy this at your own risk. Looks like almost all of the negative reviews are from people who cannot even play the game due to Social Club errors. I'm currently still not able to launch the game after hours trying the possible fixes. Still no response on this issue from Rockstar after more than 1/2 a day. I rarely pre-order and I sure do regret this one.
game-hours: 41.0
review: Dude, this a is so damn good hahahaha!
game-hours: 9.0
review: pretty good game.
game-hours: 25.7
review: Best game ever. Love the graphics of the loading screen. 10/10 would buy again
game-hours: 37.1
review: I literally cannot even play the game. I meet the system requirements, I preloaded and went through the preallocation, download, and unpacking of the additional day 1 stuff. I made a new administative user using the Rockstar approved characters. I updated my NVIDIA graphics card to the new GTA V recommended driver. I installed the latest Rockstar Social Club Version. I verfied the game cashe. I run Steam as an Administator, And Every damn time when I click play or play online my little blue icon turns green for about 45 seconds- Posts that I am in game and then turns blue again. I would love to give the game a good rating but it's kinda hard when I cannot even play the game after spending 3 hours after launch trying to get it to even run.
game-hours: 22.5
review: Saw the game say it finished downloading Thought the game came out a day early for me because I was special Clicked the play button to finish initial start up Wouldn't launch Now I'm special 10/10 Would ride the short bus again.
game-hours: 1.2
review: I hate it! it runs like crap! i want a refund!!!!!
game-hours: 58.7
review: Michael looks like Andy Samberg - 10/10
game-hours: 48.5
review: Game stops working upon start-up... Good thing I pre-loaded for early access. NOT
game-hours: 66.7
review: Solid performace, great stuff. The graphics options were limiting me short of my computer's capabilities, once i disabled the limiter, I was able to set everything on ultra and ran the game perfectly fine.
game-hours: 49.1
review: Online services are down after months of delay on day one!
game-hours: 46.9
review: many  have social club issues but i dont give a sh*t , just suit myself , the game works great , 15/10 P/s: Pls gabe , add GTA V trading card , i want it really bad
game-hours: 28.7
review: It's ing GTA, what else do I need to say?
game-hours: 87.8
review: You meet Franklin, he seels a high-end sports car. A memory seeps to the front of my head about GTA-SA. CJ stole a bike as we met him getting off the plane into a taxi. -10/10 GTA IIV's black character will steal the presidents tank
game-hours: 72.8
review: i'm kidding plz don't kill me :'(
game-hours: 57.3
review: Refunded. I'm sure the game itself is great, but the launch was not. It's not to late to get a refund if it's not working for you.
game-hours: 43.2
review: Haha....well. Overhyped 2k. Graphics are good I guess, however they feel way too similar to GTA IV. The gameplay is very "stiff". It doesn't feel dynamic, like the physics are bad actors. Unconvincing at best. The start of the game, at least, is riddled with crappy cutscenes. I got so bored of them that I didn't bother with missions after the prologue, I just went rogue in the huge sandbox world. I wouldn't recommend it at all at this price, and I will never ever have hopes of a game as good as San Andreas from Rockstar ever again. Thumbs up on the First Person, though. Oh, and the best part? The best graphics and physics are found in the city's cats. Yes, the cats are highly realistic unlike most other parts of this game.
game-hours: 34.1
review: 90% of the playerbase is pure cancer. There are menus within menus within menus and when you want to do something it asks 3 times are you sure. Took me 20 weeks to install. Frame rate issues with an up to date PC. Everyone uses lock-on for a cheap instant kill. As soon as you spawn someone drive-by's and guns your  down. Heists take 50 years to complete. To start a mission you have to host it and invite people, otherwise no one will join. Friends and job invite system is clunky and untraceable. People with low rank have no chance since 98% of everyone who plays is rank 50+. Low ranks cant unlock anything so they have to grind through levels with a crappy pistol against badass merceanaries. Still no red dead redemption PC port. 8/10 - IGN "Would pre-order for 1,000,000 bribes"
game-hours: 9.8
review: keep loading into RS and keep failing
game-hours: 61.6
review: started up but after i got to franklin it crashed tried restarting 5 times continued to crash dont get this untill the bugs are fixed which should have happened in the 3 delays edit: i re installed it and it worked fine for about an hour then crashed and the moment i got into the game after restarting it it crashed within 5 min
game-hours: 60.3
review: +Rep, Good Game, Recommended!
game-hours: 10.9
review: it ok
game-hours: 8.2
review: so, i tried to launch this game for 4 hours now but it just keeps "loading". I dont think that i payed 60$ for a game that is just "loading"
game-hours: 86.7
review: CANT LOAD THE GAME windows 7 GTX 770 i7 2600k 12gb ram
game-hours: 5.9
review: "cannot conect to rockstar servers" Been trying for about half an hour. Restarted everything. I do not reccomend in current state, hopefully they will fix it soon.
game-hours: 16.1
review: i waited for years for this after all theses delays the game is still buggy as hell....not worth the wait and the money
game-hours: 29.5
review: 10/10 would uninstall again! :)
game-hours: 38.3
review: Its a great game if you have a spare PC you dont need for anything else, After install my pc went from 4 seconds upstart to 5 min, impossible to use coz harddisk is in 100% use (and yes i know how swap works and checked it). Also my browser is 100 times slower to use and i need to restart firewall to control it now. My new pc is now acting like a 2001 Pc. This game works like a virus, BUT its a great game dont get me wrong.
game-hours: 33.4
review: .     .
game-hours: 79.7
review: Waited two years for crashing simulator.  off Rockstar. PC "Main Platform".
game-hours: 28.4
review: The game runs at 40 fps and microstutters all the time, even though I meet the recommended specs. Pathetic port. Ridiculous optimization. After 19 months of wait, that is the unfinished piece of garbage Rockstar dares to give us.
game-hours: 57.8
review: Good port and stuff.
game-hours: 52.7
review: NOT WORKING!!!!! GTA5 LAUNCHER HAS STOP WORKING!
game-hours: 94.1
review: GTA V PC MASTER RACE ! FINALLY
game-hours: 18.4
review: AAAAANNNNNNNDDDDDD SURRENDER
game-hours: 44.1
review: I can say with certainty that you'll NEVER EVER finish the pre-allocation, unpacking, decryption and finally play GTA online. Never. Ever.
game-hours: 5.8
review: Had no idea how much left-wing garbage was in this game. I tolerate a hell of a lot, but I watched about 5 minutes of a fake TV show in this game and perused a couple of fake websites in the game, and the entire thing is absolute left-wing satirical trashing of the right. Stephen Colbert may have well been the game's starring character. I can't believe I gave these ers money. Aside from the leftist garbage, the game REQUIRES 125+ gigabytes of free space to complete the installation process. That is outrageous.
game-hours: 9.4
review: A ing boring game.Go  yourselves all Rockstar staff.A game worth not even a cent.Total discrimination against laptops. R
game-hours: 66.8
review: Been waiting for this game for over a year now... and yes this game was worth the wait Gianny!
game-hours: 0.9
review: I've restarted Steam and my PC. My game is already pre-loaded and unpacked, and activated on the Social Club, and when I hit play, it starts the Grand Theft Auto V.exe process, but there's no game running. After 20-30 seconds, it just crashes with the usual "Grand Theft Auto V has stopped working". Social Club prompts me to restart in Safe Mode, which only does the same thing. I didn't pay $60 so I can enjoy *not* playing the game on release day. I would have been better off pirating it instead of buying it legitimately apparently, since then I would have been able to actually play it on release day.
game-hours: 31.8
review: - Can't play - Decrypting require additional 60gb of space (good luck for those with 120GB SSD just for GTA) - Decrypting started 51 minutes ago on SSD - still nothing - Another day one premiere and another steam fail Update; - Decrpyted and... "GTA stopped working" - Nothing work on it - Plenty of people report same bug GG rockstar&steam Update v2; - Day and half after release - still no patch from rockstar, not even a word, you need to do fun things with graphic card to be able to play - No word from rockstar. In meantime they announced iFruit app on PC. How wonderful! Update v3; - Still need to turn off on on graphic card to start game - Still no word from rockstar Verdict;  you, rockstar
game-hours: 32.7
review: Rockstar Social club..... what junk that is... stopped me playing at launch... inexcusable, I have completed the game on a ps3, and its a great title, sadly at the moment the PC version is unplayable :( Further update, Its since been over 10 Hours from Launch and the stupid Social club has linked the wrong account to my steam client... Honestly, close to going for a refund.
game-hours: 74.9
review: loading
game-hours: 12.8
review: So I waited for this since 2011. Been trough all that PS an xBox violence. Finally bought it and installed it. ... Just so the Steam could keep chrashing? Deff' worth it! 11/10 (and I said this by just watching a YT videos)
game-hours: 3.7
review: i cant get past the social club window
game-hours: 96.0
review: WORST GAME 2K15 - The stupid  ONLINE TUT is just complete .
game-hours: 0.8
review: I waited through the entire GTA 5 Console Crash of 2013, dealing with the entire sh**hole show of online. I waited with antisipation for the PC release knowing that I would enjoy it more and save more by using it on my PC over a console. The day came today, where downloading it was crap. Installing it was sh**. Signing in to rockstars "really nessissary" social fart club to gain all my features crashed the game. Having to read that they found a issue on the release day that for some reason leaves the game unplayable because of the admin name (i mean wtf how do you not notice that?) on nearly every PC, that somehow ran past EVERY SINGLE DEV at the production facility. And again having issues merging accounts because my account was locked after 2 (I mean TWO) attempts, and then a reset. I know for sure that at least steam has the right idea by offering a refund. I am only taking it because I don't wanna wait another 6 months for Rockstar to understand their problems and fix them. I will say after another 6 months I will purchase the game again, to get the full set of features I should've recieved on day one. I will say not to buy the game just yet, only so Rockstar can fix their peice of Sh** they call the GTA 5 Experience. See you in six months, make a game that doesn't have such a big mistake you somehow overlooked after seeing all the money glitches on PC that can be avoided easily. Maybe I will torrent the game in a few weeks to see if I should support the company who once again produced a game that failed at launched; just as much as the first time they released im suprised that they somehow skipped the near perfect release of the newer gen systems that went off far better than the older consoles. I don't want to support a company who doesn't learn from their mistakes. Now for the people who actually got the game working I heard it was great. But as a service to me and the other perople who are having issues, please tell them that even though it may work, its not gaurenteed to work for all. Now on the bright side, it is a posssible 60 fps and 4k game that is what the team wanted. And will include heists, as well as all the other included DLC. This makes the game good. The specs to run the game at those quality, is rather lower than what you would nomally think. I also are planning to get the game later because im building a PC that can handle it better than my current labtop that runs most games at a good balance of quality and preformance. The game if it works will not fail to impress anybody but I want to be clear of its current faults. But i cannot forget that it really states: "Notice: Some customers are experiencing issues Installing or Playing GTAV due to a Windows User Account Name error. Click here for details on how to workaround the issue." -WTF who doesn't notice the elefant in the room. I guess th people who built a default PC to test their game. Contraz RoCksTaR you lost a customer who was supported of this game, who waited since day one of pre-purchasing, just to produce te same mistake. Fool me once shame on me, Fool me twice shame on you. I'll be waiting.
game-hours: 235.0
review: I love it GTA V Amazing <3
game-hours: 11.1
review: .   4 .2k   ??? Rockstar   .
game-hours: 0.3
review: In typical GTA fashion, it doesn't work on release. I'm waiting it out tho
game-hours: 56.2
review: + game crashes on online and solo ++
game-hours: 0.4
review: Day one, day fricken one; doesnt work. I would say this is unexpected but that would be a lie considering the issues the xbox version had. My problem with this one is that year+ after a game has been out and you know they know what is required to get this up and running. Countless delays and 4 months sitting on pre-order now its telling me my code doesnt work? The game I have payed full price for not once but twice is telling me moment one of release that my damn cd key doesnt work... BRILLIANT. So now, I have to wait for support to uncrash itself, which is going to easily be a week worth the time. I would ask for a refund right damn now so I can buy it again but it appears that the social club also went ahead and deleted my everything. So overall, pretty much history repeating itself. Buy this game at your own risk. A smart man would wait till they actually get this game fixed you know, after the third ^%$ing time its been released.
game-hours: 39.2
review: "Polish"
game-hours: 83.8
review: Better on pc 10/10!
game-hours: 85.3
review: I WAS BORN FOR THIS MOMENT.
game-hours: 57.9
review: It's just AWESOME!!! We did it we waited.
game-hours: 48.2
review: it's okay unlocking the achievements was pretty hard though
game-hours: 28.2
review: I've been waiting for this to come out so long and now I'm deeply disappointed. Can't even launch the game? Such a shame on you Rockstar. This kind of proves that Rockstar has a bad software engineering department. Shame...
game-hours: 112.7
review: When I finished buying this, it wouldn't even start. This is ridiculous. 3 PC release date push-backs and now this. Rockstar really screwed up with this one.
game-hours: 15.4
review: Its Good. 10/10 IGN WOULD UNPACK THE FULL GAME AGAIN! Dont take this review seriously! I am reinstalling the game again because of that stupid unpack thing.
game-hours: 16.5
review: "Grand Theft Auto Launcher has stopped working". I shouldn't have to disable my Nvidia driver at launch and then re-enable it once the game starts in order to play this game. Windows 8.1 64 bit Intel Core i7-4700MQ CPU @ 2.40GHz 12 GB RAM Nvidia GeForce GTX 770M
game-hours: 30.7
review: crashes after i sign in to social club 0/10 piece of  till further notice
game-hours: 17.3
review: Rockstar games suckers thousands into pre-ordering a completely broken game, nobody is surprised More news at 11
game-hours: 29.4
review: ing pay to win, dont buy this , you need to spend 1000 dollars (REAL MONEY) to get a DECENT car!
game-hours: 27.7
review: doesnt work, fix your stuff rockstar
game-hours: 67.4
review: 10/10 would waste 30 mins of my life to decript the game files again
game-hours: 0.6
review: I was playing campaign in the prologue and when Trevor hits the shutter switch and the door opens, there were no cops, cop cars, or the armored vans usually on the left. I tried and tried and tried and they will not show up. So I pretty much just wasted all my money on it.
game-hours: 41.9
review: ggwp
game-hours: 89.3
review: after so many years she comes to PC!
game-hours: 28.3
review: you Rockstar.
game-hours: 49.2
review: WTF, i can't ing link my Rockstar SC account to Windows Live account. Already 2hrs!
game-hours: 0.7
review: lot lot of problems...i m tryint to solve one of the problems and cant do anything....its just a p!ECE of sh!t
game-hours: 1.0
review: I was so excited to finally be able to play GTA V (as I have no console that can play it). I run a mediumish machine (Skyrim medium-low settings, League of Legends Medium-high settings, MInecraft maximum settings) so I figured I would be able to run this game at medium-low settings and achieve 25-30 fps. This did not happen. I was running minimum settings, everything was popping in and out with extreme pixelization on everything not 5 feet from my character, 15 fps, and a 1-2 second input delay - all of this occuring even during cutscenes. I am extremely dissapointed with how incredibly unoptimized this game is. Also the lack of steam workshop support is incredibly dissapointing. If I could play this game I would definitely want to mod it.
game-hours: 26.9
review: It cost , and doesn't work.
game-hours: 18.3
review: NO WORDS... ABSOLUTELY AWESOME!!!11!1!(one)
game-hours: 1.0
review: I was so excited to finally be able to play GTA V (as I have no console that can play it). I run a mediumish machine (Skyrim medium-low settings, League of Legends Medium-high settings, MInecraft maximum settings) so I figured I would be able to run this game at medium-low settings and achieve 25-30 fps. This did not happen. I was running minimum settings, everything was popping in and out with extreme pixelization on everything not 5 feet from my character, 15 fps, and a 1-2 second input delay - all of this occuring even during cutscenes. I am extremely dissapointed with how incredibly unoptimized this game is. Also the lack of steam workshop support is incredibly dissapointing. If I could play this game I would definitely want to mod it.
game-hours: 26.9
review: It cost , and doesn't work.
game-hours: 18.3
review: NO WORDS... ABSOLUTELY AWESOME!!!11!1!(one)
game-hours: 49.4
review: Bought this game and cant play it. Very very bad! It think the game itself is great, but for that day-1 desaster Rockstar deserves some bad reviews.
game-hours: 19.0
review: I pre-ordered it 2 month ago, w8ed this far, and now it just wont run with my nvidia gpu, just the built-in one and believe me it sucks to play on intel gpu. 1/10 until fixed
game-hours: 70.1
review: Error, entered gta 5 lets me work.
game-hours: 15.5
review: Best 5 minutes of my life. Only took 45 minutes to unpack, but played 5 minutes to write this review, so that's nice. 11/10 would unpack again!
game-hours: 22.5
review: i wana play launch online thye say no online go ofline no mision work
game-hours: 44.5
review: Nice
game-hours: 45.1
review: 11/10 Because its GTA V.
game-hours: 45.1
review: 11/10 Because its GTA V.
game-hours: 4.1
review: YES ROCKSTAR YOU DID IT! MY LAPTOP WITH AMD RADEON GRAPHICS AND INTEL GRAPHICS WON'T START THE GAME FOR LIKE FOREVER! THAT'S WHAT WE'VE BEEN WAITTING FOR!
game-hours: 24.0
review: takes forever to install and begin
game-hours: 25.4
review: Just dont
game-hours: 61.1
review: Tried to run benchmark before starting a new game. What the hell was that...
game-hours: 28.1
review: ITS WATCHDOGS 2
game-hours: 92.6
review: Really fluid! great optimization
game-hours: 17.1
review: cant play at all!!!!!
game-hours: 4.8
review: Good.
game-hours: 76.4
review: BEST GAME EVER 11\10
game-hours: 67.1
review: WTF? it doesnt even 1080p, mouse is draggy af and cannot select anything above 600p without it saying "out of video memory" i did not wait 574 days for this garbage. dont get this game
game-hours: 44.5
review: ya
game-hours: 98.4
review: Overall a very solid game. Tons of stuff to do, with a very large and highly detailed environment. I have nitpicks about some feature that should be added, but in its current state the game is a lot of fun. Probably the most annoying bug? I can think of at the moment is that if you enter a mission with friends from a non-private online match, you won't always be put back together in the same match. Sometimes you will see a few friends, but others will be thrown into a different match. Hopefully R* can fix the game issues at the moment so everyone can enjoy the game (especially those who cannot launch it). My game also was one that wasn't working. I tried every "fix" I could possibly find, and ended up reinstalling Windows. Doing a clean install and installing nothing but the bare minimum to get Steam, GTAV, and Teamspeak3 running - the game actually launched. I really hate that I had to reinstall my OS, and have backups of everything (system image ftw) but this is the only game I have that I couldn't get running.
game-hours: 39.2
review: Awesome such amazing OMG WOW.
game-hours: 30.1
review: Coming from someone who never played before, the game really was a blast. Story was sharp and not too complex, kept me interested to the end, and online mode is proving to keep me interested a good bit. Controls were solid, graphical hiccups were few and far between (and was pretty good looking), game worked with different controllers. The price being full release retail even this long after it came out is the only negative thing I can say.
game-hours: 5.8
review: Wonderful. just wonderful. Had it on PS3 and thought the graphics were amazing then. Now its just so much more polished and clean. Framerates are good. get an average of any where between 40 - 60 more than playable on almost all ultra settings. GET IT YOU NEED THIS GAME
game-hours: 63.3
review: V/V
game-hours: 36.4
review: A Good game however it has its flaws like the FOV in first person is horrible.anyways a great game deffo worth a Buy 9/10
game-hours: 78.3
review: BEX65 Crash over and over, Would love to play a game I have waited this long for while trying to shut up all my friends playing it on console so it was fresh still. Please fix so I may right a real review.
game-hours: 49.4
review: Excellent port, runs very smooth on my PC (except for the odd graphics driver crash which I expect will be fixed soon). I get around 55FPS @ 1440p on my GTX 970 & i7 (4GHz no OC).
game-hours: 35.9
review: lov this game. worht the year wait lol installed right away played right away. so far its an amazing game with no bugs. how often does a pc game come out thats actually optimized for pc these days. never. but his one is. only con is its 60gb lol but not really a con just took forever to download.
game-hours: 36.9
review: I was so pissed when R* released the game for console and we still didn't know if it was coming to PC, or when. I have waited so long to play this game. I told myself I wouldn't pay full price because they made us PC gamers wait so long, but I ended up doing just that and you know what? It is worth every penny. What I like about it! (1) The game actually has a fairly interesting story. I find myself not skipping the cut scenes for the most part. (2) Being able to switch between characters is really cool. (3) FPS!! First person mode is really cool. I like being able to switch when I want (4) Graphics. WOW! The game looks so pretty on my 5820k/GTX980 combo. (5) Smooth. The game feels so smooth at release -unlike Watchdogs which is still a buggy mess. (6) The game will still provide hours of entertainment even after you finish it. Conclusion. It was worth the wait. But, with all of the money they have made, they better hire some more people so that GTA VI gets released on all platforms at the same time, like every other normal company does.
game-hours: 53.9
review: The best game of this Year Just wanna say Thank's for Rockstar make a loot PC gamers Hope happen now And yea keep playing this game for while :D
game-hours: 37.9
review: Runs at a consistent 60 fps with very high textures using my 4gb 770 gtx and an i7 4770k at 1080p. I was a little worried that the PC port would run poorly even on modern hardware like GTA IV, but it seems to be very smooth considering it is a port. The settings claim to require 2300mb of vram so I'd imagine having a graphics card with only 2gb of vram won't be able to run this at max settings simply because of a vram bottleneck. Invest in a 3gb+ graphics card or settle for slightly less than max settings. The game is beautiful at high resolution and high fps. This is a much better experience than my original playthrough on the xbox 360 when it was first released.
game-hours: 61.9
review: Bsta Spel GTA V <3 Har spelat Consol Du Kommer lska Dator <3 <3 <3
game-hours: 23.2
review: Amazing game and graphics
game-hours: 118.6
review: Game is great 9/10. I feel like GTAV plays better on pc then console but i'm used to mouse/keyboard then a controller. Online was a bit scary for the first hour of the release was overloaded with people trying to get on but cleared up and have not had trouble getting online with it since and the character transfer worked fast you are able to bring your ps3/ps4/xbox360/xboxOne GTAV Online character to the GTAV PC version with all cars/items/appartments/rank/money came fine. Socialclub - crazykris012, Add if you want to play sometime.
game-hours: 29.9
review: Amazing game, and a great PC port. Definitely worth the price. I already have it for console and this is just the icing on the cake.
game-hours: 8.7
review: Just bought the game and I have the problem that makes the game unplayble so I made 2 ticket to rockstar support and it have been 2 days and still no respond from them eventhough I kept asking on their twitter to check the ticket and I saw people who post their problem earlier than me get help faster.Good Game,terrible customer support.
game-hours: 78.3
review: Best GTA of all GTA's and very funny with your Teammates in Online Session's! Nice Graphic and no Bug's for a Console Porting Game!
game-hours: 78.3
review: Best GTA of all GTA's and very funny with your Teammates in Online Session's! Nice Graphic and no Bug's for a Console Porting Game!
game-hours: 6.9
review: awesome enough saiudddd
game-hours: 42.5
review: I have a good PC, my fps drops from 100 to 2fps. GTX 980, i5 4760k (4.3ghx) and 8Gb of 2133mhz DDR3. Patch this please.
game-hours: 25.7
review: Brought this game yesterday, I'm sure it's a great game but I have been unable to play it. Everytime I click on the icon I get a steam installation come up for a few seconds and thats it...nothing, GTAV will appear in my processes for a few seconds then disappear. I've tried installing the Social Centre manually and running as Administrator as a recommended fix but this hasn't worked either. Not worth the 40 until it's working correctly after installation for everyone.
game-hours: 14.6
review: Dont buy! its bugged and doesn't start. Stuck att Loading... for ages! A BIG WASTE OF MONEY!!!
game-hours: 6.7
review: Fantastic game, I played it for 6 hours and decided to get the refund for it. The reason? I already owned the PS3 version and decided that $60 wasn't worth the small amount of upgrades in this version, plus my computer can't run it with max graphics. When in about 4 years when it goes on sale for like $10 and I have a better PC, I will defintley buy this again. So if you're someone who already has this on PS3/Xbox 360/PS4/Xbox One then I recommend waiting for a much lower price, but if you've never experiences GTA V before, then buy this, now, don't even wait for a sale, just spend that 60 dollars.
game-hours: 6.8
review: For the way pc gamers had to wait, a launch any less than perfect would be critized. I cant even get past the launcher.
game-hours: 7.9
review: Grand Theft Rockstar has stopped working. Please look on youtube for fix that will annoy you more then a tornado siren drill when trying to watch your favorite tv show. Windows will close your game for you and notify you if a solution is available within 6 months. Thank you.
game-hours: 38.7
review: There's just as much realism as there is giddy fun, just as much performance and optimization as there is jaw-dropping visual fidelity, and just as many dumb jokes as there are impossibly clever bits of writing. If I went to a fancy restaurant that served video games and ordered the priciest thing on the menu, I imagine this is what they'd roll out.
game-hours: 6.4
review: Sick of all these failure to launch the game.
game-hours: 1.4
review: I ing hate the game. I cant run it. IT stops.
game-hours: 31.9
review: its working fine now but i had to deinstall the antivirus program (bullguard)
game-hours: 32.2
review: Didn't buckle into rollercoaster, got trampled by it while a helicopter murdered me. 12/10 stellar.
game-hours: 63.2
review: Game is really amazing. Download was bad, tho, but gameplay is amazing. I like story and graphics. Music is good, First-Person mode, I like it all. But most amazing thing is that I don't need to listen to Roman on going bowling. :P
game-hours: 39.0
review: my key is ed cant play :I its pissing me off.
game-hours: 21.7
review: Game of the Year 2015 <33 Best Game *-*
game-hours: 55.3
review: Everything I have done in my life up to this point has been to prepare my body for this lovely moment. Took 1 hour to get into the game after release but it was worth every single second! 10/10
game-hours: 33.5
review: It's one hell of a ride in a city that's just as beautiful as the city it's based off. Grand Theft Auto, what can I say? I've played all of the GTAs and this is by far the best in the series. Even though it took a very long time for it to be released on the PC, it doesn't matter. It's a wonderful game. The mechanics, the driving. Heck, I could spent most of the time just walking and pressing "E" just to talk to people. It's truly amazing. However, the online is a different thing altogether. There are the occasional dumbasses that ruin your day. Those RDM-ers. Man, you've got to hate those guys. Besides that, playing GTA Online with friends will make it worthwhile. Trust me, what other game allows you to make a chain of tow cars and cause a tow truck tornado? You tell me.
game-hours: 47.8
review: good game but for some reason my game crahsed when i tried to save . Happed only once so far . Also it crashes if i use 2 gpu's but works with 1 .
game-hours: 0.4
review: I can now finally diddle Los Santos with Michael by my side. Oh and I can play GTA V on PC as well.
game-hours: 0.2
review: Game doesn't work. Refunded!
game-hours: 32.0
review: >NEVER >EVER
game-hours: 32.7
review: I simply love this game, that's it.
game-hours: 38.3
review: Didn't have to wait for Heists OR Online. Only took 2 years. 10/10
game-hours: 39.2
review: Short Answer: This game is a must-own. Buy at earliest convienience. Fantastic game, fantastic PC version - highly recommended. Online is great for a laugh with mates, and the singleplayer is one of the best open-world sandboxes I have ever had the pleasure to play around in. Story is great too, shooting is very Max Payne-esque (this is a good thing), driving is fun, exciting and fast, and the attention to detail is incredible, as usual from Rockstar. Either get this game now if you can't wait, or just wait for it to go on sale. Either way, this title is a must own. PC Version Note: My only advice is for you to please make sure your PC is up to spec. A lot of the bad reviews are coming from people have not ensured their rig can handle this game, so before you purchase take a look at the system specs down below and see if you're okay. Other than that, this game runs great on my rig.
game-hours: 28.5
review: Best game ever, but there are some optimization problems, i'm sure RS will fix them soon. Don't think and buy it.
game-hours: 19.7
review: love the game but i can't get the money dlc to work on M & T
game-hours: 85.6
review: amazing
game-hours: 70.9
review: This game is amazing, but you need a good graphics card to get high texture quality. RIP I have a GTX 750 Ti FTW
game-hours: 10.3
review: This game is fantastic, killed a hooker then stole her money. 10/10
game-hours: 71.1
review: This game is amazing, but you need a good graphics card to get high texture quality. RIP I have a GTX 750 Ti FTW
game-hours: 10.3
review: This game is fantastic, killed a hooker then stole her money. 10/10
game-hours: 70.0
review: On a scale of: deepfried bacon wrapped taco cake, to frozen hamburger soup nacho salad, i give this game a.... twice baked glazed macaroni waffle calzone drink.
game-hours: 10.4
review: Finaly first person hitting people in the head with a hammer 10/10
game-hours: 88.4
review: 4K or 1K just WoooW Be ready to be lifeless !!
game-hours: 22.5
review: It's disgusting that such a great product is released with major bugs. I paid for it, and I cannot use it. And as it is already installed, Steam has stolen my money. It's ...
game-hours: 58.4
review: Haven't seen my family since the release. 10/10
game-hours: 52.6
review: Finally on PC <3 Awesome game, if you have the money you should definitely buy it!
game-hours: 46.6
review: Meh......
game-hours: 64.4
review: Can't play this  game because of infinite rockstar social club charging, gonna keep this negative till this ing game works. Edit : So I was able to get on the game after having to tweak some  that I shouldn't have to be doing but oh well, I don't know if Rockstar came up with a patch or anything yet but this really isn't serious at all, they delayed it so many times and for what ? So many people had and still have issues just launching the game, it's a joke... Aside from that, the game is pretty well optimised, i'm running on high and a few setting on very high with a r9 280X OC 3GO and an i5 4690k at around 40-60fps, mostly over 50 though which i'm pretty satisfied about, AMD will probably still come out with another driver to make it even smoother (yeah I guess i'm an optimistic person) Only negative point I can really think about which is pretty ing annoying are the endless loading times on GTA ONLINE, I have the game on a 240go SSD and it's so ing annoying as i'm not patient at all when it comes to video games. All around i'm enjoying this game now that I can actually play it, i'd recommend buying it if you have the recommended config.
game-hours: 64.4
review: Can't play this  game because of infinite rockstar social club charging, gonna keep this negative till this ing game works. Edit : So I was able to get on the game after having to tweak some  that I shouldn't have to be doing but oh well, I don't know if Rockstar came up with a patch or anything yet but this really isn't serious at all, they delayed it so many times and for what ? So many people had and still have issues just launching the game, it's a joke... Aside from that, the game is pretty well optimised, i'm running on high and a few setting on very high with a r9 280X OC 3GO and an i5 4690k at around 40-60fps, mostly over 50 though which i'm pretty satisfied about, AMD will probably still come out with another driver to make it even smoother (yeah I guess i'm an optimistic person) Only negative point I can really think about which is pretty ing annoying are the endless loading times on GTA ONLINE, I have the game on a 240go SSD and it's so ing annoying as i'm not patient at all when it comes to video games. All around i'm enjoying this game now that I can actually play it, i'd recommend buying it if you have the recommended config.
game-hours: 63.7
review: I'm so love this game !!!! | Buy! , you will don't regret !!! 1000....../10
game-hours: 17.6
review: Great game. It runs pretty smooth even on an older rig of mine turned down to normal. Really, the only negitive at the moment is that the game will not stop badgering you to use their damned iFruit mobile app, that you can't bloody do right now as it does not support PC versions of the game.
game-hours: 53.8
review: On se kova.
game-hours: 25.8
review: some nights i find my self hatcheting scores of innocent people of the sidewalks in the lower east side of los santos and everyone i brutally murder has the face of a dirty console peasant. HEIl GABEN.
game-hours: 20.7
review: cant play . so many problems trying to load game. terrible
game-hours: 33.5
review: Cops said "Put your hands up"! I resisted Savage.
game-hours: 68.0
review: ing sick!
game-hours: 57.9
review: I've avoided everything GTA V until this release...22 hours of play and my wife is leaving me. Finally. Thanks Rockstar! I'm truly happy now.
game-hours: 107.7
review: This game is masterpiece !!!!
game-hours: 82.1
review: Running like a dream. I7-2600K @ 4.6Ghz 16GB DDR3-2133 GTX 580 3GB SLI (x2) - April 13 driver Win 8.1 1920x1080, a mix of high / very high settings, dof / tesselation on - 70-80 fps in city, 35-40 in the country - just got there so I'll probably knock a setting down a notch. Game looks gorgeous. If you pushed your settings to their limits in the first area before Trevor, once there in the country, you will see frames drop to handle the extra load (likely vegetation). Don't go overboard on those settings. Bugs I encountered: I haven't done troubleshooting yet to determine the cause: every 5-10 minutes, the map screen / Pause screen pops up 1 or 2x without any keypress. I'm just guessing, if its not my end, maybe some conflict with USB / HID drivers or something. Otherwise, its my keyboard, but the glaring clue to me it might not be is the fact it only happens in GTA V. Edit: I see where there's a setting to disable "pause on loss of focus" or however its worded. Should still be considered a bug that it pauses at least 2 or 3x in rapid succession, having to hit Escape key multiple times, interrupting chases and other events. Yeah.... jus' going to turn that off. Second one: When configuring graphics settings, it reports the VRAM as 6GB, by combining the 3GB of VRAM from each GTX 580, instead of reporting the actual 3GB that's available when using SLI.
game-hours: 7.0
review: Game wont Launch .....
game-hours: 66.1
review: the best game ever
game-hours: 0.6
review: My little brother and I share our libraries between accounts. Unfortunately, you cannot share this game between accounts because R* sucks and you have to have a key code to start the game. It's fun otherwise. I love motorcycles.
game-hours: 34.8
review: Awesome game, awesome graphics, yay. Tha crashes will be fixed dontcha worry. I didnt have a problem anyway. So thats cool. Buy it plz. For meh. Tank u.
game-hours: 12.4
review: Played alot of this on PS4... Even better on PC. Great optimization. That was pretty much the only worry on PC. Millions of reviews have been out... the port is solid. Able to remain above 40 fps always at 1440p maxed out with just a single 290. Much better than anticipated. Even shows you how much VRAM is going to be used as you adjust settings. Great looking game.
game-hours: 31.7
review: One of the best launches I have experienced. The game is very well optimized, and runs extremely well. Once you get past the social club stuff, it's incredible.
game-hours: 37.7
review: holy hell imagine mcdonalds. a fat persons staple. they talk only good things about it but when you try it you see all the junk and a waste of money. gta V is that hamburger.
game-hours: 22.9
review: Rating: Awesome 8/10 GTA 5 as its predecessors its a high profile game, where Rockstar clearly spend lots of time and money to create an ultimate gaming experience. However there is couple goods and bads that i will point out in this review and hopefully you guys can make your own mind wether the game deserves your hard worked $$$ or perhaps its better to spend it somewhere else. I will make couple references to Watch Dogs as comparisment where appropriate. As most of the future GTA 5 PC players most likely played that game which set a really good standard in my opinion when it comes to open world games in this genre. Graphics: 8/10 R* did a great job to create good visual effects. Settings plate with lots of variety of options will leave you speechless. Starting where you can regulate density of cars, pedestrians to even tessalation or antialaising. Anything rain, snow, sunshine looks extremly real and you will be positively blown away. On the downside, even that it is a high quality decent graphics, a much better been already shown in other similar game Watch Dogs in my opinions which frankly require a much powerful rig to run it on high settings than GTA 5. Gameplay: 8/10 The gameplay is very stable and realistic. I used to play a lot Watch Dogs in the past, and Watch Dogs was a very dynamic game, where you literally could go full commando mode, very high paced combat, movements, driving, parkour skills etc. I dont have the same feeling here in GTA 5. As said earlier the game is very realistic, that feels like a time slows down a bit while comparing it to WD. It still maintain the same pace as GTA 4 had, so people who jumped straight from GTA 4 to GTA 5 will feel like at home. But as a GTA fan i certainly found no issues with switching. The combat however looks very simple, i seriously think that R* could use mechanics that were present in Max Payne 3. But then again...who would buy MP3 then... Atmosphere/Story/Feeling/Screenplay: 7/10 I dont quite find myself well in GTA 5 world. Although there is a strong interaction and history between a player and ingame characters, the game lacks some kind of signature touch that were present in for example Alan Wake or Max Payne 2 (both made by Remedy and MP2 with R* partnership) where actually developers created a world that was highly interactive such as stopping by a screen to watch a video, scary music played etc. I really miss that here. But i guess its me. For all others who came purely for action, robbing banks, and ranking up in crime society - it will be a heaven. Music: 10/10 Both in game radio stations, cutscene and ambience music and sounds are great. Huge variety of genres to listen to, R* never failed here. Amazing job. And of course own mp3 radio station. Cant wait for Frag Radio plugin ;) Final thoughts: As a next installment in GTA generation, the game delivers the high quality game which you will enjoy for hours. I hope my review will be me helpful to you to decide wheter you should get the game. But i will say this: That game should be on your bucket list for sure.
game-hours: 64.1
review: Better than the majority of game launches these days, 10/10
game-hours: 27.9
review: graphics are so beautiful that real life sucks now
game-hours: 55.3
review: Best game ever in my 30 years of gaming experiences.
game-hours: 47.9
review: Great PC port imo, Graphics look amazing in ultra. Hope this shows other games how to do a pc port well, and that it can be done well at that.
game-hours: 0.4
review: GR8/8
game-hours: 20.9
review: Now i can go to a stripclub in the age of 16. 10/10
game-hours: 78.0
review: worth buying twice for cats and better graphics.
game-hours: 45.6
review: well worth it, concidering the massive ammounts of mods soon to come out, much better graphics, runs smoother on pc, of course.
game-hours: 25.2
review: i love this game but fix the dam launcher because i hade to a lot of  to get the game to work 7.5/10
game-hours: 7.1
review: Online is grate.
game-hours: 28.0
review: Still can't play the game. I click play, it spins up, Steam says I'm in game, and it just crashes. Don't even get a window or anything. I bought it back in January so don't feel like refunding, just waiting out for a patch I guess? I have a desktop with AMD.
game-hours: 13.9
review: Transfered my character from Playstaion 3, logged in to online, died within a minute to someone in a prius flipping me off. 20/10, The 2015 Skyrim.
game-hours: 23.4
review: All around its about the same as if you played it on xbox. Although they need to fix the crashes. I crash about 2 times and hour basically making missions unplayable. 3 years and multiple delays you'd thought this  would be fixed
game-hours: 53.6
review: worth the weight
game-hours: 48.0
review: (TL; DR at bottom) What is there to say? It's Grand Theft Auto V... on PC. Big shocker, there. What is quite a shocker is just how solid the port is compared to pretty much every other GTA on PC, or many PC ports in general. It's obvious Rockstar wanted to get it right this time, and I think they certainly succeeded, mostly. Any issues I've personally had with it so far stem from it being a new release of a game that's been polished to a near-mirror shine. Things like guard barriers not opening when I approach them or my not being able to get into my Carbonnizare when in first person mode. (Mind you, I found this while on GTA Online, so it may just be an issue with GTA O.) While I'm NOT excusing any overlooked glitches or issues at this rate, it's liable to be fixed in due time, and the issues I've run into have never broken the game... except for... RANDOM CRASHING! Featuring his lovely collegue QUIT TO DESKTOP! I'm not entirely sure what the issue is, but I'm assuming it has something to do with Rockstar still working out how to account for the millions of PC builds running this thing. Sometimes I can play the game for hours on end with no issues, and sometimes it just decides to break itself within thirty minutes. While the save system in the game is good enough to where I've not lost any major progress, I've had to replay a few (smaller) missions, and I expect I'll be really clinching my fist during some of the REALLY long missions. I fully expect Rockstar to fix this issue, but you may want to hold off on purchasing this game for the next month or so just to make sure it's more stable enough to not make you open up your Task Manager just to make the frozen black screen go away. I've not personally run into any install issues due to my Windows User Account Name or anything, but you may want to do a bit of checking up on it before dropping a hefty sum on this game. As for the performance, the multitude of graphics options allow for nearly any gaming PC from the past eight years or so to run it just fine. With myself running a single GTX 980, a 3.5 GHz quad core processor, and 32 GB of DDR3 RAM, I'm able to crank up nearly everything up to maximum, with Tesselation turned down by one and antialiased reflections turned off, at north of 60 FPS. Unless you're running this game on anything but a $3,500+ rig built just last week, you're going to want to turn off all the Advanced Graphics. With my rig, you could certainly run the advanced settings comfortably, if your idea of comfort is around 50 FPS under normal stress. Start adding a lot of traffic, foliage and lighting, and expect it writhe about like that one guy in a plaid shirt who stepped in front of my Sabre. Now I'm not going to talk about the story too much, seeing as there's no point in reiterating what a million people have talked about before, but since this is a review, I'm going to give my (hopefully) short opinion about it. I don't like it as much as GTA IV. There, I said it. That said, it's a better "game" than GTA IV was. It has more to do, more unique stuff to see, and the level of detail is astounding. The thing is, it's important to understand where I'm coming from. I prefer character dramas, the Oscar nominees, the more serious kind of story that GTA IV has. While GTA V has plenty of characters and is so layered with drama you could cut it with a knife, it's the Hollywood style of drama that you'd find in a gangster flick. Something which, by the way, is very much appropriate for the game. It takes place in a fictional Los Angeles counterpart, stars three gangster-types, and has you dealing with high-class gangsters. There's explosions, high-octane antics, and a whole mess of activities in-between. That said, unlike GTA IV, it's not so serious. Yes, it has good writing and everything you expect from GTA, but it doesn't have the bleeding heart that GTA IV's Niko Bellic had. GTA V is about family, but only part of it is. Niko had to deal with his family nearly 24/7. Something which made me personally care a lot about the characters and story. I never really cared about GTA V's story outside of the multitude of situations you get into. The main difference between GTA V and GTA IV is the fact that GTA V is the evolution of the original idea: a story-focused, open world crime sandbox with interesting characters filled with humor, parody and explosions. GTA IV was a deviation from the idea, to lessen the explosions, to lessen the power you gain, to make you feel as lowly and beaten down as possible, and to force you to overcome your problems. Despite GTA V having everything in its favor, I still prefer its older brother. If you're like me and haven't played GTA V yet, be forewarned. Gameplay/mission structure: I'm not going to talk about the heists. Why? Because I don't need to. They're basically a bunch of smaller missions leading up to the long mission, A.K.A. the heist itself. What I'm about to say about the missions in general applies to the heists as well. Compared to GTA IV, GTA V has a much more linear mission structuring with a focus on variety. While the variety is great, you, the player, have very little options as to how you want to take on the missions themselves. The missions in GTA V are VERY objective-oriented. In most cases, you can't move on until someone tells you it's okay to do so. Sounds a lot like previous GTA titles, but it's how it's presented. GTA V is about setpieces, BIG setpieces. Houses being destroyed, walls coming down, massive and impressive explosions. It's also about menial labor, with it forcing the player to participate in an overly long dockworking mission in which you do little to nothing of actual interest and drive a number of slow-moving vehicles from point A to point B and back again two times each. This would be a great novelty if it could be done as either a small job for extra money or if you could flip the script and drop a 10-ton cargo container on a pursuing police car, but you can't. It's not allowed. It's against the rules. GTA IV was more about the mechanics of the game than the rules of the game. It had fewer options, like being unable to raise and lower a forklift arm, (to my knowledge, anyway,) but the missions were often one objective, with the player deciding how to best complete it. If there was a change in plans, it was presented as a surprise challenge rather than simply being part of the ongoing mission. Best examples of player choice are the missions "Liquidize the Assets" and "Flatline." In "Liquidize the Assets," the player must blow up six or eight vans full of contraband. It doesn't say how you should do it, nor does it tell you how to approach the situation. You could stand on the other side of the street with a rifle and pick off the guards, go in head first, soak up the bullets and pray for mercy, or you could observe the buildings, climb up some airvents, take out the sniper, get some free body armor, take the rifle ammo, and start your reign of terror with little to no threat to yourself. In "Flatline," the player can either go roaring into the hospital, guns blazing, and get the job done, or take a look around, find a locker room, disguise themself as a doctor, and a reap the rewards with half the hassle. GTA V, to my knowledge, has none of these things, not even in spirit. TL; DR: So, after all that complaining and comparing, why do I still recommend GTA V? Because most people loved the previous games. Most people still regard GTA: San Andreas as one of the best games ever made. I have never cared much for the older GTA's, and GTA V is just more of the same, but much, much, MUCH prettier. The PC port has a few stability issues and a few little glitches here and there, but it's liable to get fixed in due time. Wait a month if you think you'll run into any issues. HIGHLY recommended as a great video game. I still personally prefer GTA IV, but, then again, I'm completely insane
game-hours: 69.9
review: awesome!! I can do anything in this damn game!!
game-hours: 34.7
review: I'm getting really sick of paying 70 bucks for a game that doesn't ing work....
game-hours: 31.5
review: its Grand Theft Auto V it was made to get 10/10
game-hours: 75.6
review: do you need any other games? yes but this game is alot of games in one, cars, bikes, off road, work machine's. boats, jets and alot of nice weapons, is the online pay for win? nope it's not but you still be a dumb  and use real money on paying for ingame money, 1st person is as awesome as Far Cry 3/4 i will even say better for you use it in many more ways XD all the main charater's are fine and good story i say + you will hear alot of things from the other GTA's even from GTA VC, if you like games or a gamer it's a most have and this game is not a port if you think that :P so BUY IT and i will kill you Online deal? XD
game-hours: 31.8
review: A console classic on PC is an amazing way to lose a few weeks of your life! A must-have for any gamer!
game-hours: 34.6
review: so i bought it from steam. game wouldnt even launch. 0/10
game-hours: 35.5
review: Bowling with Roman removed 0/10
game-hours: 0.1
review: Thank you console people for beta testing our game! XD
game-hours: 85.2
review: I have played this since it came out on first gen, this is by far the best one!!!
game-hours: 11.1
review: Epic :) , epic:) , epic:) , epic :))) , 1000/10 score :))
game-hours: 20.5
review: **
game-hours: 7.9
review: If your mainly interested in the online play then wait for a few patches. If your using ATI gfx card then don't bother till they roll out the patch. BUT if you do get it right now then make sure you are wearing a top hat. It seems the hitbox on the head isn't working when its worn.
game-hours: 46.7
review: How to fix infinity loading after log in social club? I can't play the game!!
game-hours: 34.3
review: 24 hrs, No patch. Have the missing .exe file many have so the game doesnt even load. Avoid.
game-hours: 15.4
review: Buggy as , dont buy untill fixed Simple!
game-hours: 34.0
review: Has cats 9/10
game-hours: 34.0
review: Has cats 9/10
game-hours: 7.1
review: Pretty sick 9/10 The long waited Gta 5 Masterpiece. Only one problem My card can't run this :/ Get a gtx 770 4gigs or higher to run it.
game-hours: 29.1
review: There are a few problems to be Ironed out. I'd prefer to be able to save at any point in the game but waddya gonna do? Graphics are better than just acceptable, They are EXCELLENT! I'm getting 60fps using both of my GTX650TI SLI. It see's all 4096mb of VRAM and the game is using about 3gb total. The cards are running about 80-85C and both fans are HOWLING. I just realize I've been playing this game for about 9 hours today. Not sorry I spent the money!
game-hours: 68.0
review: Even though I have played and enjoyed this game on the PS3, there is no way I can currently recommend it on PC. The game simply does not launch, and there has been no official word from Rockstar about a fix for it. Hopefully I can change my review in the future, but right now I'd avoid buying it and wait for a few patches. _________________________________ Update 15/04/2015 After finally finding a fix thanks to the Steam community (I had to uninstall my antivirus), I can finally recommend this game! Looks incredible, runs smoothly, and plays like a dream. 10/10 would preload, rage about it not working, then find a fix again.
game-hours: 6.6
review: It's OK.
game-hours: 93.3
review: First thing I did was to go to a mountain and see stare at Los Santos that the consoles wouldn't see. So beautiful at night
game-hours: 21.5
review: Its like Grand Theft Auto V but with more Grand Theft Auto V and less Grand Theft Auto V. 10/10 Would Grand Theft Auto V again.
game-hours: 18.2
review: Extremely frustrated, there is a huge community of people including myself who have bought the game and it does not work, start, or function in any manor. By huge I mean 1/3 users. Will never buy a rockstar game again. There are no fixes for AMD users with issues, some fixes for Nvidia users. 0 luck for AMD, no excuses Rockstar.
game-hours: 25.4
review: They added boob physics 11/10
game-hours: 20.9
review: It crashes every minute
game-hours: 14.9
review: Windos 7 Professional 64 bit, Geforce GTX 970 4GB FTW, AMD FX(tm)-8320 Eight Core Processor, 2x8 = 16GB RAM GTA 5 runs really smooth with nearly maxed out video settings. I noticed some of the same bugs that the PS3 and PS4 have on the PC version. I had trouble downloading GTA 5 for my PC since I kept getting a error disk space. I had over 120GB free even though it only recommends having 65GB. While the game was downloading & updating it was using over 100GB space on installing. Once it installed and updated, I still had over 50GB. I recommend this game for any one with high specs & enough memory drive ;D
game-hours: 48.2
review: Yep. This is the best game ever made.
game-hours: 71.8
review: It's pretty good.
game-hours: 16.1
review: Crashes at startup... and while I am sure this is going to be an awesome game, it sucks to be part of the Beta+ rollout while paying the full retail price. Till a patch is issued, I will live vicariously through the many others on here who are in GTA V heaven :)
game-hours: 15.4
review: Solid gameplay, great performance on PC, insanely rich visuals, tons of details and content...this was worth the wait and blows GTA4 out of the water. I daresay it's one of the greatest games in the recent decade. My laptop specs: Win 7 64 bit Gen 3 quad-core i7 2.3GHz 8gb ram Nvidia GT 650m 2gb DDR5 vram 1TB 5400rpm HDD
game-hours: 40.4
review: ing love this game :3 !! awesome !!
game-hours: 62.0
review: Nice family game. Overal rating: 8.5/10 Good: +Graphics. +Heists. +Activities. +Great Story!!! + Varied funny missions(Can talk with dog)/Strangers. +Nice cars. +Incoming mods (gta-mp hope like in SA for 200players on 1 server) !! (i already can see the stunt/drift/real life server!!!!) +GTA Video Editor. Bad: -FOV very low, like a user mod from other GTA. -You have to play 3 characters and not only 1. -You can't get big biceps or be fat. -Only 1 big city and desert not like in SA.. where is my las vegas?! i want to lose some money.... -Still no Casinos. -Too much rain!!. -Can't buy much in SP.
game-hours: 16.7
review: One of the most detailed games I have ever played. Plays at a solid 60 fps on my 750Ti. I have had no issues. I have had a RockStar account for over 6 years so that was not a problem.
game-hours: 31.7
review: Awesome game just love it but i wish if rockstar incresses the sessions players size
game-hours: 30.4
review: Perfect Game - Simple as that.
game-hours: 66.0
review: I didnt get killed the first time I met a player online. 10/10 PC has best community
game-hours: 12.7
review: You forget a thousand things every day, pal. Make sure this is one of 'em. ------------ From Vice City to GTA 5 I can't tell which one I love the most and after all these years, I'm actually glad that GTA 5 does not disappoint me. Despite the social club issue I managed to get over, the game itself is joyful. I run it on my laptop and everything goes smooth and well. The view, be it in city or rural, day or night sunny or rain, is spectacular. Driving is still pretty arcade style like it used to be but the accident is realistic, flight control is a pain in the  but man, this game has so many stuff to explore. GTA 5 does have downshorts but it's nothing compare with its merits. Till now I've played more than 12 hours and I like all 3 characters. Michael is my fav for now but may be Trevor later on. They all have very vivid characteristics and especially Trever, this guy impressed me the most both by behavior and talking. I hope when I finish this game I'll write more.
game-hours: 16.9
review: we need more players in "deathmatch" or other categories. at the most 60+. it would be extremely fun!!! please update this request. especially considering the size of the world
game-hours: 29.6
review: This game is great
game-hours: 53.6
review: Best game so far
game-hours: 22.0
review: I'm not one for singleplayer games, so I can't tell you crap about the campaign. However, online is awesome!! It seems that some things coulda been cheaper...buyt it's still good. There are the occaisional idiots and morons who make the experience unplayable at worst. For the most part I've only run into three people who just are morons who seek attention cause their parents didn't love them enough or maybe they really are mental. (o.O) Get it if you like online games as well as singleplayer..but be warned again...I haven't played campaign so look elsewhere for the singleplayer reviews. sorry! Hope this helps!
game-hours: 12.3
review: VERY GOD WOUDL PALY AGAIN 10/10
game-hours: 98.0
review: $300 for a broken bottle.. 10/10 it useless.
game-hours: 86.9
review: Computer Specs - i7 4790k 16 gigs Kingston HyperX Beast 2400mhz Asus Strix 970 4gb Evga GTX 750 TI SC 2gb Asus Z87-A Corsair 850w Xfi  Champ S/C Asus 8QE 24" 144hz @ 120hz Nvidia 3d vision kit 2 " lightboost activated " Xbox 360 controller + Mouse & Keyboard 60 fps solid with no AA or SS, everything else is highest option available. Performance - I cannot turn AA on beccause my fps will drop below 60 creating noticeable input lag. All in all a pretty decent port. I bought GTA 4, and even in SLI on my old pc that turned out to be a nightmare, playable, but not what I was expecting. I also OC my video card while playing for obvious reasons. Considering everything that is being rendered, and the quality I am very pleased in the performance. I have not tried the 3D, but I assume it would be cool. 12 hours of single player gameplay review - Visually BAD ! When you're racing the street's in the rain, it's probably the nicest looking driving visual's since Dirt 3's release. The reflections, the lighting, everything look's so well done. I read they had a 170 million dollar budget, and I am extremely glad they did not skimp on the visual's. A master piece for the GTA franchise. The story mode is very entertaining. I have unlocked all of the character's, and I appreciate their individual personalities. You have a So Cal gangsta, a retired master theif, and a white trash physcopath crossing path's, forming alliance's, and wrecking havoc around the city. It's Breaking Bad, Good Fella's, Lethal Weapon, Friday, etc all rolled into one. This game was everything I was hoping it would be, and more. Figuring out the method of keeping the quest chain rolling was a little frustrating, but since you have so many other mini quests to do, also the visuals / real world distractions you just get lost in the daily GTA grind. I am no where near finished, but have enjoyed it thus far. Controlls are spot on with the 360 controller connected through a wireless dongle. I switch to mouse and keyboard only when I am in a gun fight, and the 3rd person mouse/keyboard is perfect. I should mention that I use 3rd person view exclusively. Input lag is non existant, I played GTA 5 on ps4 right after, and the ps4 is the definition of annoying input lag. Visuals are on par with 2015 pc graphics. I feel a single 980 might be able to push this game a lot better than the 970. I am only using 3k of my Vram, but if I go any more I can feel the lag. 60 is smooth enough for me to play. You have to keep in mind that a lot of things are being rendered all at once. Radio was pretty good too. Decent selection of music.
game-hours: 17.9
review: Makes real-life look like Minecraft. 42/10
game-hours: 10.4
review: really expecting mods from steamworkshop
game-hours: 38.3
review: So far, Yes it's worth the money. Solid port, my logitech orion spark keyboard even lights up based on which character I use as well as wanted level. Nice touch! Gamepad works nicely and comes in handy if you like it, my only complaint is losing cars after I mod them, and that's really my own fault. 2 thumbs up. p.s. zero time played in multi-player.
game-hours: 49.1
review: Couldn't be happier with the game.
game-hours: 2.2
review: How do i get the refund?  doesn't work, I've tried all the guides.
game-hours: 29.1
review: I wish bowling was in GTA 5, and the ability to put sticky bombs in bowling alleys
game-hours: 71.0
review: my pc was fully updated before installing the game i started the game and it worked perfectly as i was not expecting it to run smoothly the game it self is fun to play there is no good tooltip and hints to help you during ur game play and this is theonly bad thing so far!! what i recommand everyone iis that they turn on the in game subtitle as the dailogs are extreamly good and perfectly made that is the most thing i loved
game-hours: 16.3
review: Goodjob Rockstar :D
game-hours: 0.8
review: took me all darn day yesterday to download just to have a stupid "the rockstar update service is unavailable (code 2) " error with the social club launcher messing up and not being to fully update.. Was P.O.'d cuz was not able to play, got a refund of my $59.99 to my steam wallet.. Gonna wait and see if this problem gets fixed soon, if it doesnt, then that $59.99 will go toward something else and Rockstar can go to H E - double hockey sticks
game-hours: 23.3
review: Runs OK with my ASUS Radeon HD 6850 in 1080p at around 35-60 FPS, though while driving it goes down to about 25-30 FPS. I ordered a new GPU today and I hope it will run a lot better. 11/8 would have gay sex for this game
game-hours: 5.8
review: I ask that anyone interested in buying this game steer clear of it, at least for the moment anyway, the bugs and glitches make playing this admittedly incredible game an experience that has to be soldiered through and not an experience to be enjoyed. In the time I have spent playing this game it has crashed for no reason around ten times now, and the in-game world has continuous dissapearing textures and buildings. At least for the moment stay away from this buggy mess. Game score: 10/10 Ability to play the game score: -10000/10 Please rockstar fix this game, or steam give me a refund.
game-hours: 39.7
review: 9.9/10 would need xbox controllers.
game-hours: 45.1
review: Surprisngly this game handles pretty well, even if you run it on low without updating your drivers. This game is far from a bad port, big improvement form GTA IV.
game-hours: 79.4
review: Finally!! Wating for almost 2 years to play this.
game-hours: 35.0
review: Awsome!
game-hours: 34.1
review: HEY NIKO WANNA GO BOWLING?!?!
game-hours: 18.8
review: If you paint your car chrome it goes faster FACT. Drink Responsibly.
game-hours: 23.6
review: guys, why i can't play gta 5? it says gta 5 launcher has stopped working i've updated my driver, but i still can't even open the app
game-hours: 46.5
review: The Hype was worth it 10/10 (no joke litterally) And you guys don't worry about the port it's great Save money or wait for sale or if you have buy NOW!! Rockstar did a great job on this when it wasn't realesed and they were delaying i was pissed and raged but not i grateful and say thank you Rockstar the delayes was worth it Very recommedning you this game!
game-hours: 125.7
review: I've had no problem with this version of Grand Theft Auto V. Even played some GTA Online day one, when I figured the servers would be lagged to hell. Yes it looks like a handful of people are having problems, so be sure to double check your rig can handle it. But so far I've had no graphical bugs, no server issues, nothing. It's just as enjoyable as it was on the previous two versions and even better at that. 10/10 I'll always be coming back for you Rockstar.
game-hours: 73.2
review: This game looks amazing and runs smooth on max settings at 3440x1440 with a 780Ti.
game-hours: 2.1
review: AMD + INTEL SWITCHABLE GRAPHICS PROBLEMS CAN'T PLAY ON AMD CARD I WANNA REFUND THIS GAME ROCKSTAR WORST COMPANY EVER
game-hours: 35.7
review: Love this game, it was my first gta after many years, last one i played was San andreas, and its mind blowing. best open world game to date.
game-hours: 30.9
review: I've Redownloaded twice and still can't get the game to start. What where they doing with all the extra time they took, because it was not making sure the game worked at launch. 0/10 I've finally got the game to work and its amazing. Graphics are top notch and gamplay is smooth. If I wanted to I could max out settings with MSAA x4 at 30 fps. Now the reason my recommendation has not changed is because I have to create a fliping work around for the game to even start. Something about my Intel graphics and my Gtx 980m making the game think I have two graphics card working at the same time. My only thing, is I should not have to make a work around if Rock Star took so long to publish the game on PC. What where they doing if they where not optimizing at the same time. I would have thought they learnded from GTA 4. Once they fix this then I'll change my review. 6.5/10 Thank you Rock Star You fixed the problem, at least for me. The game launches smoothly with no hicups and does not crash. Now I can enjoy a near perfect masterpiece in the Video Game Industry. Bravo also for the fix just be for the weekend as well. 9.75/10
game-hours: 27.8
review: Sexy game only online
game-hours: 26.4
review: Awesome Game!! The Gameplay is Insane!! A lot of fun Great Story I love the Cars and the Sounds.
game-hours: 128.9
review: Its been a long time coming, but Grand Theft Auto Vs PC debut is a triumph...The Rockstar Editor is endlessly entertaining. The online heists are, with friends, some of the most fun you can have in a multiplayer game. The single-player story is an exhilarating series of increasingly absurd missions. And it all takes place in one of the richest, densest, most atmospheric game worlds ever built. The performance is amazing even for low-end computer can still run this at 30 FPS on low. The graphic are pheonmenal!!! Was delays worth it? YES! It was. 100/100 Best game ever and always will be, every GTA series by far this has won the oscar award, wait did I just say oscar award? Yeah I just did. Buy it now!
game-hours: 48.2
review: I hate hypes. And GTA V for PC have probably been the biggest PC-game hype in recent history. Still, I bought it. And I'm so pleased with the result. The game runs flawlessly on a rig that's somewhere between medium and high-end spec'ed. And the game is fun. Hey, I get to own a virtual Rottweiler. (still missing the Rottweiler-girl I had in RL) A game that lets you have a virtual Rottweiler have to be good, right? I'm not to fond of the switching between characters. I would've liked to have been Michael all through. Then I would probably have replayed it as Trevor. (Ofcourse I would have had a Franklin Character for the dog things too... :-) ) The switching would have worked if it wasn't for the 'forced switches' that occurs. It just makes me feel the game is in control and I'm just an active spectator. So far I've been focusing on story, the few times I've actually tried hanging out with people, they say we can't. So the freeroaming during campaign doesn't work optimally. So with this in mind, why do I still love it? The area, the city, the traffic, the population. I love just driving around (whenever the game doesn't disturbe me) and explore. And best of all, the Online modus seems to really rock. (Except for the douchbag that shot me an hour ago :-p ) Being a SinglePlayer guy, I'm constantly drawn to the Online Modus. Racing, Deathmatching and doing Jobs, beside the exploring and being a complete douchbag (which obviously is an important aspect of this game :). I will recommend this game if you're into GTA. This is the best one yet, and I've played them all. Will I meet you online?
game-hours: 40.7
review: It's fun if you got friends, if you don't then you can at least try to have fun.
game-hours: 54.4
review: Good!
game-hours: 9.4
review: paid a hooker, killed her, adn got my money back. 10/10 would bang again
game-hours: 48.2
review: Keep crashing like an early acess game
game-hours: 52.0
review: The game works fine IF you set it to high priority in task manager though I hear some people still have problems. You should probably look into how well people with your GPU,CPU etc can play the game.
game-hours: 35.5
review: Epic .
game-hours: 43.8
review: >Buy game >Friends have already been playing for a few days now >They want me to do a mission with them >Start mission and get to the very end >Friend hits a rock at 140mph and flies into the air >Kills us both 11/10 would redo the mission again.
game-hours: 55.9
review: Perfect!
game-hours: 71.5
review: 11/10 Seriously. Worth every cent. Don't ask. Buy it. Profit!
game-hours: 106.7
review: Thanks for new update. i think many people can play it now! this game is perfect ! can't miss it
game-hours: 41.8
review: First of all , this game is absolutley amazing . But, there are a few bugs ive found already (I have no clue if its only for me or for everyone) 1. No silencers show when the guns are used in a vehicle and neither is the sound effect correct (both in single player and in multiplayer) 2. In single player , once i boot the game up as michael and i spawn in a restaurant with his wife , the table they sit at seems to spawn twice , one being static and the other dynamic , and the tables start flipping out and flying all around the place - I actually got killed by this bug once ,being clobbered with one of those tables. I also have note about the aircraft controls , Numpad 5 being the " pull nose up" button got me killed a couple of times , ramming into buildings mashing the Numpad 2 key thinking it should lift me up , I suggest it should be switched to Numpad 2 like most games have ( yes I changed it in the key bindings menu , still ) .
game-hours: 38.7
review: This... This is the Grand Theft Auto we have been waiting for my fellow gamers. Ever since I bought this on PS3 I have wondered what it would be like in first-person, and this is ecactly what I expected. Even though I can't run it at it's very best, even with normal settings this game looks and feels amazing. I can only hope that one day I will be able to experience this masterpiece on Ultra settings, maybe even 4k. But for now, I will continue to enjoy this work of art any way possible. I highly recommend this game, especially if you have never played GTA V prior to this PC version. If you're returning as I am from a previous system, welcome home.
game-hours: 23.7
review: Right, so you can disregard a majority of the negative reviews on Steam for GTA V since Rockstar has recently rolled out an update to fix issues related to their launcher, and just go right ahead and click purchase on one of the best (if not THE best) games released. There's a reason that metacritic score is so high... ;)
game-hours: 23.7
review: Right, so you can disregard a majority of the negative reviews on Steam for GTA V since Rockstar has recently rolled out an update to fix issues related to their launcher, and just go right ahead and click purchase on one of the best (if not THE best) games released. There's a reason that metacritic score is so high... ;)
game-hours: 46.6
review: 5/5
game-hours: 42.5
review: GTA FOR PC MO********ER!!!
game-hours: 54.0
review: this game is fuken sick aye
game-hours: 30.2
review: Awesome! And the wait only made it better for me!
game-hours: 42.6
review: 8/10 :D gta san andreas 10/10
game-hours: 54.1
review: Finally it's here <3
game-hours: 49.7
review: ing Amazing Game, the only ing issue is that it just "stops working" for no apparent reason
game-hours: 28.2
review: Work a hard day of towing cars and hustlin, and come home and sit on the couch, light up a joint and watch some cartoons. 420/420
game-hours: 37.1
review: The best PC game. Ever. Sorry Half-Life, you're out. Buy it. Buy it
game-hours: 33.1
review: 10 thefts from 10.
game-hours: 48.3
review: I have a few problems with this game... Story- Great storyline, no problems in my eyes. I love it. Online- Also great, if that's what your into. Graphics- Looks awesome, but shouldn't be as system straining as it is, considering what small porting of the map you're rendering at a time. I have an /okay/ build and get on average 30fps The in game chat is very confusing (also the bound key is poop but you can change it ofc) but you can never tell who is speaking! There is no on screen text telling you who is talking, leading to a lot of confusion and half the time in game, you can't see the persons name over their character. Making friends when you don't know who you're talking to is quite difficult. Now for the big one. half the damn userbase can't start the game, and rockstar is ignoring the issue. I bought the game JUST so I could play with my friends, and they can't even get to the splash screen. At the moment, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.
game-hours: 31.9
review: Well I don't really know how to right good reviews but I can tell you this much, it runs good. With a I5 4670 and GTX 760 I can run this game at all very high settings 1920x1080 at 60 fps.
game-hours: 59.9
review: Epic Game :)
game-hours: 2.7
review: This was a total nightmare! I just want a refund for my purchase at this point. First there was an issue with the social club, now its saying my activation key is already used! Rockstar hasnt responded to my support ticket, and I am at the point to just go back to playing BF Hardline!!!!!!
game-hours: 19.8
review: THis game is just beautiful. Everything looks stunning, especially the water and how the city looks at night. 10/10 THis game is so much fun.
game-hours: 77.0
review: I am having a good time with this Game. I think its much better optimized for pc than GTA IV. I am having some framedrops but I am damn happy to be in Los Santos. My Hardware is a GTX 570 ,a Phenom II X4 965 BE 3,4Ghz and 8GB RAM. Its not the newest but still manage to get between 30-60fps at Middle/High Options. The Story is nice, loads of Sideactivitys, a lot of Stuff to do and I am looking forward to GTA Online. But first I will play the Story ofc. What I also like is that there is actually a graphic difference between the Console versions and the PC. If you have a good PC you can make GTA V really damn beautiful. Will update the Review soon... Death to all Pirates!
game-hours: 28.6
review: This review took me almost 2 years to write and was delayed 3 times.
game-hours: 97.3
review: Worth the wait. I was suspicious about this being a good port and all, but it turned out to work great, and im currently sitting on an mediocre laptop. The first person view is excellent and im glad to be playing the game with a keyboard / mouse as it should be.
game-hours: 57.2
review: the best
game-hours: 25.7
review: It's amazing, runs like hot butter and looks fantastic. Those that say it is broken are wrong, it isn't, it's probably that they have either bought a game they can't run on their broke  PC or they're getting the DXTory glitch that will crash the game, but are too stupid to do a Google search to find that out. It works, online and offline, don't let ignorant morons tell you otherwise. I have a GTX 970, 60fps on ultra 100% of the time, no frame drops or crashes. If I can do it you can too. With all that said, it's also an incredible game that thankfully the PC version does justice. Get it.
game-hours: 33.1
review: No KDST 0/10 No srsly really good game 420/69
game-hours: 20.2
review: For those who wonder...the feeling is here. I never liked consoles and I ve been waiting for the game 2 years now. Totally worth it... Best gta game since San Andreas era. The absolute digital playground!!!! 10/10.
game-hours: 28.9
review: Everything about it is superior to the console version, the graphics are just amazing.. online community is still mostly s who want to just run around killing you repeatedly and troll eachother over the mics. The only problem is i've never had a game take up my CPU cores like this game.. it runs at 100% almost all the time (i5 4690) and stutters
game-hours: 43.7
review: Certainly GTA, despite being an extremely late release, the improvements to this game are pretty strong! Pros: The FPS feature makes a great improvement in playability and experience, for it may help players who are used to FP shooters not feel completely alienated being forced into 3rd person, and driving any vehicle from the inside delivers a nice touch of depth (working odometers in a non racing game.... wow). Further more, the story for this game was great! This is to GTA V as a whole (meaning pc/console); anyone who hasn't played through it already, anticipate a solid story if you plan on picking this game up. Single player content is loaded. Cons: More of a personal gripe, I've found myself switching between my xbox controller and mouse/keys due to control-complexity. Xbox controller for anything involving a vehicle, and M/keys for in combat (whether in car on the move, or on foot). There's a lot to remember for different key functions.
game-hours: 61.7
review: Brought a game which can't play.... Game exited with code -1073741701 Please fix this ! so decided to reformat window to 8.1 and now cant stop myself playing it.
game-hours: 71.5
review: sold arcana for this masterpiece 10/10
game-hours: 23.5
review: This game is awesome
game-hours: 42.2
review: I can't play GTA OL... It is always loading OL mode, WHY?
game-hours: 53.2
review: Probably the best game i've ever played in my life.
game-hours: 98.2
review: I am a racoon on a bmx bike. Also the game runs great on my  computer.
game-hours: 61.0
review: Simply stated, GTA 5 is the best PC game of all time.
game-hours: 21.4
review: No matter what i do the game crashes at a certain point in the mission...
game-hours: 59.8
review: Driving over my friend in first person never been better. 11/10 would do again
game-hours: 40.3
review: It's finally here, and it's even more glorious than we could have expected! Rockstar, we forgive you for the wait. 1000000/10
game-hours: 30.7
review: I will fail grad school, lose my internship, my girl, and my life. Because of Grand Theft Auto V on PC :'(
game-hours: 47.6
review: First minute as Franklin involved kicking a cat into a garbage can, punching someones glasses off, being run over (twice), stealing a car and flipping said car before being shot in the face by a security guard. That was jsut the first 60 seconds of gameplay - 10/10.
game-hours: 12.0
review: i cant even play the game. Actually that is a lie. I can play it, for about literally 2 minutes and it crashes. yipee...sooooo fun. update #1: so i was getting the imfamous err_gfx_d3d_init error and it said if it persists to reinstall the game....yeah...the 59 GB game. that will only take me half a week to do and half my data cap for the month, so yaaaay, i am on the right track. update#2: reinstalled and i will admit it is playing better. however i did getting the error once and it is still crashing way too much. although i can now get around 2 hours in it if im lucky i just cant recommend a game i cant even play. sure i hear other people are not having any problems and trust me i wish that was the case for me, but it isnt. look i played it quite a bit on the 360 and i know it is a top knotch game, but if i pay 60 bucks for this and i cant play we have a problem. If this is fixed in the future i will update this to recommend it but as of now i would have to say stay away from it. to be honest to have this many crashes in a game they repeatedly needed to push back is unacceptable regardless if they fix it or not.
game-hours: 30.2
review: Wish there was a way to report hackers in GTA Online...
game-hours: 86.1
review: The most awesome open-world Action Adventure Game as compared to the previous GTA Games and any Games related or similar to GTA! Must Buy!
game-hours: 35.5
review: this game is ggwp :D
game-hours: 21.2
review: had this on both ps3 and ps4 now PC and PC is the better verson very happy with this had no problem install and setting up
game-hours: 38.3
review: I can't say I'm all that happy with the current state of this game. To iterate my issue with it I'll state teh recommended specs and the specs of my PC and what is wrong. Recommended: OS: Windows 8.1 64 Bit, Windows 8 64 Bit, Windows 7 64 Bit Service Pack 1 Processor: Intel Core i5 3470 @ 3.2GHz (4 CPUs) / AMD X8 FX-8350 @ 4GHz (8 CPUs) Memory: 8 GB RAM Graphics: NVIDIA GTX 660 2GB / AMD HD 7870 2GB My PC Specs: OS Windows 8.1 64 Bit. Processor: Intel Core i5 3570k @ 4.0GHz (4CPUs) and boost to 4.2GHz. Memory: 8 GB RAM Graphics: Gigabyte GeForce GTX 760 Windforce 3 4GB Overclocked As you can see the specs of my PC are definitely ABOVE the recommended specs. So what's the issue(s)? I have 2 issues currently which I cannot solve. I have tried EVERY SETTING UNDER THE SUN. Issue 1: CPU usage, GTA V is using 60% minimum of my CPU at any one time and yes it maxes out my CPU. I have tried setting every single graphics option to the lowest setting including populations and car density and distance scaling. It doesn't matter what settings I use the results are the same at MAX settings and MINIMUM settings. I don't know why this is happening but I want it fixed. It only happens with this game. Issue 2: Memory Leak, GTA V has a huge memory leak. It's affecting a tonne of people yet there isn't a solid fix anywhere. Appart from this for the 15 minutes I get to play the game runs beautifully on any setting. Unfortunately since I only get to play 15 minutes (the length of the mission I have to do) and then crashes due to maxing my memory out losing all progress I cannot in good consience recommend this game until these issues have been fixed. TLDR; CPU usage is too high on minimum settings and there is a massive memory leak. If and when these issues are fixed I will re-evaluate my review.
game-hours: 7.8
review: Buggy as all . couldn't play until a day later had to redownload after the user error. in game  is 2buggy4me. R* update pls.
game-hours: 44.1
review: actually good port
game-hours: 67.0
review: Grand Theft Auto V - The Mount Chiliad Story >Tried to parachute of top of Mount Chiliad with friend. >Both walked over to edge. >He tried to  out. >I tried to push him. >Missed the punch. >Tumbled into him. >We both fall. >Start spamming spacebar to open parachute. >Spacebar doesn't work. Simultaneously faceplant into the jagged mountain below. >Respawn at top of mountain. >Wash, Rinse, Repeat. 11/10 Would fall down Mount Chiliad again. (Note - The game works perfectly fine if it didn't launch for you, then you are the  up, not it)
game-hours: 47.8
review: FIX THE BUG THAT'S NEED TO SHUT DOWN NVIDIA GPU TO RUN SOCIAL CLUB ON LAPTOP!
game-hours: 1.7
review: Wow steam and rockstar.Ok so i downloaded the game and let it download and when ever i try to open or play the game it alway says that its not responding if no one fixes this issue iam makeing a complaint and getting my money back.60 dollars waisted. if steam or rockstar sees this please fix this or iam getting my money back iam not pleased with our service so far.And i cant invite freinds to play games with me whats up with that. no one buy this game cause there a chance you might spend 60$ and get notjing in return
game-hours: 50.2
review: ........... 10/10 ..........
game-hours: 39.0
review: Finaly. I had been waiting for it for 4 years. Since the first trailer came out. The,ing,best. p.s Never played it on console, or watched any letsplays. p.s.s #hachiko
game-hours: 25.8
review: A masterpiece on last gen, a masterpiece on this gen, and a GODLIKE masterpiece on PC. One of the best games I've ever played. It's Grand Theft Auto, what do you expect? Oh, custom radio station with your own music. That feature alone makes it worth the rebuy. 10/10 100/100 1000/1000. Now go get rid of that yee yee  haircut!
game-hours: 28.9
review: Went online Whitdrawed 750000 Died and lost them 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 69.9
review: goes to strip club.ask for a lapdance.holds the stripper and get caught by the bouncer.gets kicked out.12/10 would do it again~
game-hours: 9.6
review: Zero innovation! GTA 5 ... What an awful game it is! The gameplay offers nothing new compared to former GTA titles. You still cannot drive to random houses and be able to enter them. In fact you still aren't able to enter most buildings. You cannot even take NPCs hostage. Most of the gameplay freedom in this so-called sandbox game is related to vehicles but we already know all that from former games of the series. Don't expect any new gameplay in this game! A game like, for instance, Skyrim offers far more freedom. When I played GTA 5 I felt like my IQ is decreasing by one every minute. You start the game playing this black guy and during the first parts of the game you will hear nothing but f*ck, motherf*cker, n*gger, sh*t talk. This gets annoying pretty fast! Not everyone is into this childish, adolescent level of dialogue but I'm afraid that is what Rockstar intentionally caters to. The only part that obviously has improved is the graphics. But then again, I've seen certainly better graphics in other games and the one in GTA 5 doesn't warrant 60Gb of game data. Talking about the game data volume ... Nearly 60Gb ... Gasp! I wonder what warrants the game needing that much data! It can't be the graphics, it can't be the audio either. What is it used for?? But my biggest complaint is the lack of gameplay innovation. Looking realistically at it the game offers very few freedom. It wants to be the original crime simulator but you cannot even satisfy your inner sadist and do things like taking hostages, raiding family homes, torture victims... The game looks tame compared to what my mind can come up with. All you can do is steal cars, kill people, and cause mayhem until you have a five star wanted rating and the national guard is on your heels. But we had that all already in all the former GTA games. Don't expect anything new here! You will be disappointed!
game-hours: 32.5
review: I love this game. However, please put an update ASAP. This game crashes randomly! I have a GTX970 4G graphic card, i7 and 16g ram, I really dont see why it crashes on me like this. Please please fix the crashes.
game-hours: 59.2
review: Good game BUT i just lost my ADDER!!! on gta 5 online. dont steal a car and park it in your garage if you have a car allready out and about it will delete your car. Since i am pissed the  off about this issue i will be down voting untill this is fixed
game-hours: 28.2
review: fix the issues that thousands of people are having. k thanks bye.
game-hours: 53.8
review: Flawless intallation,performance and Gameplay, Absolutly nothing to say against this title.. best GTA ever... dont listen to all the whining, just a bunch of unlucky and or poor ... Test your own luck
game-hours: 15.1
review: Not so great. Will not launch on PC unless I delete all the settings and game saves.
game-hours: 49.9
review: If you dream of killing innocent civilians, hookers, dealers, and more, then this is the game for you!
game-hours: 49.9
review: If you dream of killing innocent civilians, hookers, dealers, and more, then this is the game for you!
game-hours: 8.3
review: The game won't run for more than a minute without crashing. Even with bottomed out specs and latest drivers. Rediculous. I want my ing money back. Overclocked q6600 2.8ghz radeon hd6950 4gb ram
game-hours: 20.1
review: It's not a perfect game, but it's a damn good one. The storyline and atmosphere might not be as strong as older titles in the series, but as far as gameplay goes this is definitely the most innovative game of the franchise. The cover system is kind of clunky (and this is disappointing considering that the cover system in Max Payne 3 worked pretty well) but you can do fine without using it. The guns feel like they have force behind them, the driving returns to the arcadey style of older GTA titles but with more reliable physics, and the game world is so detailed and varied that not a single inch of the map feels copy/paste. Is it worth the launch price of $60? That's arguable, but if you're looking for a fresh third-person shooter this is worth a look.
game-hours: 36.4
review: Other than a world loading error that I seem to have (probably just my computer) the game is beautiful and feels so great in 60 fps. Murdering animals has never been so fun before, not even in POSTAL 2. I also killed two deer with my racing bike so... 10/10 would spend a whole day downloading it again (which i have...It was stuck at 99% with .1 MB of downloading to go...) probably not the two years time though. Hey, I need my daily dose of family friendly murders ok?
game-hours: 7.3
review: Broke the Steam market and made my CS:GO inventory worthless. 69/666 Great job Rockstar!!!
game-hours: 14.7
review: great game. i can run every setting on medium and i have a decent computer. so you get alot of leeway with your pc requirements. great game much boom much gun...... much muder
game-hours: 26.3
review: WOW, Trevor's hands are THE most DISGUSTING thing to look at while driving in first-person. 10/10.
game-hours: 63.7
review: This is unacceptebal , i buy the game and is full of crushes and error , if you sell a game make it work dont force user to fix the problem . Real work GG
game-hours: 9.6
review: my loading screen loads for ever and deosnt start up
game-hours: 1.4
review: If you are using a AMD Mobile GPU and a Intel GPU in your labtop, don't buy this game, because you can't ing start the ing game! Take me money Rockstar and  YOU!
game-hours: 1.8
review: Well, Great launcher crashes everytime i try to play. I give this game a solid 10/10
game-hours: 6.4
review: cannot get it to start up, social club has stopped working at any and every attempt,
game-hours: 74.4
review: its a GTA game, nothing much to say its amazing i love it but you cant play offline at all with is F ucking stupid cause where i live we get a lot of storms and i lose the internet, so it sucks when i want to play story mode and i cant cause i need the internet for some reason
game-hours: 26.5
review: Horrible Launch. With millions in sales and prelaunch revenue this game should be polished and glitch free. I will NEVER pre order a rockstar game ever again. Game constantly crashes during game play at random intervals. "GTA V is not responding" to "GTA V has stopped responding" My specs: AMD 8350 Crosshair V formula Z Crossfirex 2x280x 16gb corsair platinum
game-hours: 82.1
review: Having external accounts to link is a pain in the  and should not be approved by steam. Story wise game seems interesting. Scripted events make your life harder instead of easier is pretty stupid. There are memorable worth while story missions that will certainly make you smile but theyre not without their glitches and prepare for tons of stupid  to kill you. Single player - good but has its glitches, had some crashing issues too. Its a very beautiful game landscape wise, combat is a bit lack luster as it is mostly hide behind something, peak out, kill a guy, hide again, rinse until all are dead. They did go a good job on some missions with limited guards and very hand holding linear kill this guy, now move sort of play. Like any GTA most people I think play for the story and this one so far has made me smile and was pretty good. For 60 dollars the game is far better than most of the crap out there. Multiplayer- as Ive leveled up its become more fun and having others to play with made it even better. Crashes- I have had numerous random crashes usually during loads, one of which green screened me and forced a hard restart. It might be bugs, not really sure whats causing all of the weird things, but beyond these unusual crashes/freezes the game seems pretty well optimized.
game-hours: 27.9
review: 12 out of 10 "I just lost all my free time" Points! One extra point for being awesome with the Oculus Rift, even though it doesn'T support it on its own! (VorpX takes care of that) Wanna see what that looks like? Watch this:
game-hours: 20.6
review: :)
game-hours: 107.0
review: Amazing!
game-hours: 44.3
review: GTA 5 Hour Loading Screens
game-hours: 67.4
review: worth the 60.00 dont see why theres so many neg reviews.....alot seem to be not updated systems... either way great game. worth the money and alot of fun to be had online
game-hours: 8.0
review: Crashes very often, many graphical glitches, unplayable as of this review. tech support blames microsoft.
game-hours: 57.2
review: - Newbie to the GTA series - The only GTA game I ever played was the very first one that came out in 1997 on PC. I decided to buy this one due to all the hype and the much talked about graphics improvements. I have never been this satisfied paying $59.99 for a game I've barely knew anything about - much less played. The level of detail put in this game is amazing. Everything from the graphics to the story line, truly impressive. This is the type of game that you don't have to worry about completing in a day. I am looking forward to playing this game for many months. There are small issues here and there that I noticed as far as bugs in the game but I anticipate they will be fixed in the near future. If you are on the fence about this game, I definitely recommend it. As a newbie to the series, I am glad I pulled the trigger on this one. Funny acting, great story line, impressive graphics, tons of missions, awesome online multiplayer and it will push your high end card(s) to the limit. 9/10
game-hours: 18.0
review: "Rockstar Games" The company that will never disappoint me ;) Keep doing great job :D
game-hours: 35.9
review: Absolutely love it. Got my bike impounded, stole another to get to the impoud place, jumped the fence and stole my bike bike back. ONLY in gta. Yes there is an issue with GPU's where some people have to disable one card start the game and enable it again. but it works and it is work every penny.
game-hours: 20.7
review: This is a great port! Rockstar has learned from their mistakes and delivers a PC port which holds up to the promisses. Even though I am not that deep into the game yet, I can highly recommend it to anyone who likes the GTA series or open world games in general.
game-hours: 73.0
review: I have to say the dual graphics issue is really a big problem to me.
game-hours: 49.1
review: I really don't understand all the issues people are having. I bought the game right before the release, and it worked fine. It signed into the Social Club and let me play right away. Singleplayer works fine, as does Online. The game runs like a dream, even on very high settings. Haven't crashed at all, except for it freezing up when I tab out, but that doesn't count. My only real issue are the servers, which keep lagging or dropping everyone out every once in a while, but then again, when there's that many people playing all at one time, it's kind of understandable. The game is absolutely amazing, and is even better now that it's on PC.
game-hours: 87.0
review: GTAV kicks off with a good story and gets into the action fast, avoiding boring introductions of controls or any of those lame tutorials. The characters this time are much more likeable than previous games in the series and the missions don't require too much repeating if you fail or die. Some charcters initially have special abilities, or need to be unlocked as the game progresses. Once you pass a mission you can replay it later to get a Gold medal without losing your progress. The many new features add a great extra dynamic to the game, along with the need to increase your statistics through practice and excersise for required skills like driving that affect your ability to pull off jobs, heists or missions with a good completion rating and also obtain any bonus Achievements. GTAV looks fantastic and runs great at 1920x1080 on mid range systems or old high end systems. Rockstar have truly excelled this time at producing a game with both enjoyable gameplay and engaging narrative. Online multiplayer is very good and the Heists are excellent. There are a few bugs in online multiplayer, but despite this the gameplay is a lot of fun and the bugs don't create frustration that ruins your fun unlike many other games. The bugs are really quite minor indeed, like sometimes your player taking a while to climb into the passenger seat of your friends car, or a little bit of lag sometimes while driving with multiplayer friends in the car. Most of the time though you are just having rolicking good fun and laughing at terrified bank or jewelry store customers as you intimidate them with your gun, or Lester's dorky blathering and his terrible jokes. Elite completion level of heists can be quite difficult, but a Gold or Platinum pass is not too hard. Once you get your charcters stats up you can go back and repeat missions, so some early stat boosting is a god idea with a bit of Triathalon, Tennis, Shooting Range practice, and a bunch of swimming, bike riding, parachuting or driving. There is loads of content to keep you busy with new jobs, missions and heists being introduced by Rockstar all the time. Plus there are plenty of objectives and side missions to keep you busy in both Story and Multplayer. It's the type of game that can keep you busy and having fun for years, which makes it a very good investment. Rockstar is getting the patches out very fast this time around. The only complaint I have is that I have not been able to launch offline Story Mode without the internet connected or get Voice Chat to work. Perhaps Rockstar have made sure you require an internet connection to launch GTAV to prevent the large amount of piracy previous games in the series were plagued with. Maybe at some latter date you will be able to play offline without internet connected, though Online multplayer is excellent and adds so much more content to the game and a whole level of extra fun when playing with friends. TeamSpeak is a good idea to use as if you haven't been able to get GTAV Voice Chat to work (though it seems to work with TeamSpeak installed and enabled, requiring GTAV Voice Chat to then be disabled to avoid double voice transmission creating an echo effect). Quite a good launch, much better than most other recent multiplayer games which have been plagued by initial fun ruining bugs. Sometimes loading of progress during heists gets stuck, but not before saving your progess which allows you to Alt+F4 and kill GTAV then launch the game again and continue from where you left off without losing your progress. Overall this is one of the best games in years, both Campaign wise and Multiplayer. Loads of great fun to be had, very good graphics when set to Very High, very good stability, excellent optimisation and frame rate on Mid Range to High End systems. One of those games that are hard to put down and have you playing to the wee hours of the morning. I expect GTAV to only get better with time as the few minor bugs are patched and more heists and content are added by Rockstar and community members adept at using the editor. 4K requires more than 4GB V-RAM with the settings turned up, so most people won't be able to appreciate the full splender of GTAV's visuals for quite a few years yet until graphics cards with 6GB of V-RAM and more are common. Only the new high end graphics cards like 6GB+ Titans will be able to fully max this game's graphics, but splendid results can be had with even 2GB mid-high end graphics cards from a few years back. Actually I don't know why I'm not playing GTAV now it's so good, so I better get back to it right this minute...
game-hours: 53.8
review: god damn, endless hours of fun, jaw dropping graphics, legit
game-hours: 25.9
review: masterpiece
game-hours: 42.6
review: A joy to play, runs like a beaty, hilarious to play with friends! Recomended!
game-hours: 42.2
review: There are a  ton of bugs (GTA Online), but the game looks beautiful and the story mode is great.
game-hours: 21.8
review: If you haven't played any Gta in your life i dont know what you have been doing but you need to make it your top priority to change that.
game-hours: 85.6
review: definetley my favorite game on steam at the moment
game-hours: 19.0
review: Hands down one of the best games available for 2015. i'm a three time returing player to this game and the PC version does not let down on it's promise. On a good rig You'll get lost in the world Rockstar have created all over again if You've already played before on any other platform and if You're new to V well you're in for a ride
game-hours: 83.2
review: A little bit of stuttering in game ,i expect this to be fixed , otherwise its the perfect game !
game-hours: 50.8
review: Absolutely amazing game. So far, my "Game of the Year" title. Looks and plays amazingly although I highly recommend using a controller instead of the keyboard and mouse as the game is already fully set up for controllers. As far as visuals go, the game looks phenominal. With a i7-4790k and GTX 980, the game holds well above 60fps at Very High settings plus all the extras. There are some random frame drops for unknown reasons and they don't always happen at the same time. My guess is that there is still some work to be done optimising this game. THE BIGGEST FAIL!: The worst thing about this game is the crashing. I livestream so I usually spend 5+ hours in game, and after a while, the game will crash because something with Rockstar Social Club failed to initialize. This has happened 4 times already and when it does, it causes my graphics driver to reset and my stream crashes. EXTREMELY FRUSTRATING! You can be right in the middle of a mission and lose all progress or you could have just spent a bunch of money customizing a really nice car and it all disappears because of this stupid bloatware. Worse than GFWL and UPlay combined. Despite the terrible crashing issue, the game is great and I highly recommend it. Hopefully, sometime soon, R* will learn from the mistakes of others and strip the social club as an external software needed to run the game. Otherwise, with the way it crashes the game it's not better than GFWL.
game-hours: 38.6
review: drove over a car with my bike and i flew for miles 11/10
game-hours: 19.7
review: It's an awesome game. You should totaly buy it.
game-hours: 1.1
review: so i waited hours to download this game when it was done i put in my code and it said it was already in use some one please help me???
game-hours: 43.5
review: ing great
game-hours: 13.9
review: Day 1- Blew up three guys in a helicopter with a homing missile Day 2- Purchased multiple lap dances and hookers (Later murdered hookers). Later got blown by Fort Zancudo Day 3- Went on a hatchet murdering spree and got ed up by a cop with a shotgun Day 4- Brother and I did Fleeca Heist then proceeded to murder each other Summary- This is game is a ton of fun *thumbs up*
game-hours: 74.5
review: This game had me at first-person bong rips
game-hours: 52.4
review: first great gta in 10 years, greatly upgraded graphics in comparisson with "next gen" consoles, good story, smooth gameplay, en great fps if you have the hardware for it (takes a lot of VRAM, around 7.5 GB in SLI config (so 4 with single card)), GTX 670 OC 2 way sli has mostly around 50-60 fps (all maxed out at 1080p but no msaa), though sometimes has verry bad fps drop due to fetching data from RAM (so not because the scene itself is to heavy)
game-hours: 4.8
review: Works even on an old laptop (GT 540M/Core-i7 2630QM) with everything set to low (constant 30 FPS).
game-hours: 78.0
review: awesome
game-hours: 38.3
review: 10/10 Will probably make me fail my finales.
game-hours: 55.8
review: Teleport/lag simulator 2015, now with Aircrafts constantly ramming towers in a store near you! Also too much water 88/10, it was ok. Would not recommend until they step up their game and fix the  controls for the aircrafts, or at least a setting to disable the awful auto-hover.
game-hours: 39.8
review: its so good!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 78.6
review: This is another great game! I would recommend if you like 3rd person shooters (1st person isn't the greatest) and you like to cause chaos.
game-hours: 3.6
review: Since Rockstar were pretty good about getting that patch out that actually makes the game start, I can join others in saying this is the best version of a fantastic game. It is superbly optimized, as even on my scrub-tier PC, I can run the game with even more smoothness than I was able to get when I played it on consoles when it first came out. I am happy to say this is the complete opposite of the GTA4 PC release. There's not much to say apart from that. It's the best version of an excellent game, with a wealth of options, and now that it's patched, I can actually play it. The future looks bright indeed.
game-hours: 95.8
review: I really recommend this game for all of you. It's really fun to play and it's a free world.
game-hours: 46.1
review: The Best GTA Game and easily the best game i've ever played XD
game-hours: 35.8
review: fun play game, the best game ever. payday + sim + gta = gta V can play mod and multiplayer, wohooo
game-hours: 43.7
review: Ok finally works now:-) can't wait to play and post a good comment
game-hours: 43.0
review: it s soooooooo cooool like
game-hours: 32.3
review: I rly love this Game but i hope that i can buy Ingame Money in Steam pls make this <3
game-hours: 62.1
review: cool
game-hours: 41.0
review: The best game money can buy.
game-hours: 18.6
review: 10/10, epic!
game-hours: 66.9
review: Flawless victory. I feel bad for the people who couldn't get it started. Seems to be user error to me, I went off without a hitch. My only complaint is that the resolution settings are glitchy. It takes some playing around to get it to stick with full screen.
game-hours: 70.8
review: The Online Experience: You wait, then you wait some more. The game.
game-hours: 21.9
review: Beautiful, excellently optnimized, seamless online and offline experience. Great job, R*!
game-hours: 33.9
review: By far one of the best games ever created.
game-hours: 8.6
review: its a huge step up from PS4 and such. The pc version shines with color and view. Textures are amplified and crisp and even a low end GPU can handle most tasks. My GTX 780 runs everything maxed out at 60 fps now that is a deal.
game-hours: 32.7
review: Moving on from the console versions of GTA V, even after months of delaying and waiting, this game proves to still amaze all gamers. Obviously, the graphics is the biggest upgrade, but the delation for the release of the game turned out well for its great optimization to the PC port. It's amazing how relatable gameplay is with consoles just by using a controller. Feels like there's no difference except (better) performance, graphics, and details in the game (like its music). I already owned a 360, PS4, and Xbox One version of GTA V, but it was well worth $60 to buy the PC version. You get what you paid for, and even more. This PC port is what every game developer should aim for. How optimized it is at launch compared to other games that releases a dead-bugged game that makes it almost impossible to play. It's safe to say that all GTA players will be missing out on a new experience if they don't purchase this game. 10/10
game-hours: 28.3
review: Rockstar's magnum opus, I've played the xbox 360 version and this is way better. Usually I would never buy the same game twice, but with how fantastic the pc version is, I'd say that this was worth both the wait and the money.
game-hours: 28.7
review: 11/10 ;)
game-hours: 79.7
review: boring game
game-hours: 58.4
review: Gud game
game-hours: 49.3
review: This is everything a gamer dreams for. Must buy
game-hours: 22.8
review: best game on steam 10/10
game-hours: 43.7
review: Best ever.... <3 <3
game-hours: 31.1
review: Loading...
game-hours: 34.0
review: Excellent! 10/10 Rockstar, good job!
game-hours: 24.1
review: The game doesnt work, got the recommended system to play but doesnt work 10/10 would refund. DONT BUY YOU COULD BE AFFECTED!
game-hours: 29.7
review: dis game randomly fuked my buggati rip 2m
game-hours: 25.7
review: It's beautiful ;_;
game-hours: 83.1
review: let me start by saying, you know what this is. we saw it almost 2 years ago and it was a huge suprise and brought alot of hype, but it is just being released for pc now, in 2015, i mean i had alot more hours for xbox when i played on that platform, and bringing over the knowledge i had from that platform i can say that the graphics do have a minor touch up, but other than that, in my entire time playing ive only seen one deer, that was when i unlocked trevor, and no other time. if you told me there was a couple new weapons or just one new one you would have to point them/it out for me to even notice. same with the cars, i dont even recall if i saw it or not ever while playing. and i truely feel sorry for the people who cant play, because you have to remember this is the same masterpiece that was on xbox and playstation. and thats the only reason im saying its good, its the same game practicaly just its that same amazing game that was made very well. so if graphics mean alot to you, by all means get the game because it looks very nice graphics wise, or if your just playing it for the first time. but if you own this game on a different platform save your money, because maybe after this ill see what exactly is new to pc, but because i already owned the game on xbox, and i cant tell whats new honestly.
game-hours: 65.7
review: I saw a dog humping another dog. I switched to Trevor and he immediately gets chased by police. I roadkill pedestrians and the bystanders don't mind at all. I pick up random strangers in very awkward situations. And online, I shot a random person in the head, stole his money and drove away. The game stutters when you play it for a certain amount of time and it still randomly crashes. I hope they fix these lingering issues. But if you're looking for an alternate American playground that reacts to you, then welcome to Los Santos!
game-hours: 48.2
review: Cool, finally its out! 10/10
game-hours: 20.0
review: Arguments are debatable about this release, because a lot of people arent able to log into the game due to crashes, steam problems, and in-game issues that are disrupting individuals gameplay. Also, there are individuals playing this game without the actual requirements needed and some who have those requirements are having issues. So far, I have not passed the Social club and dont know if there is an option to click to play or if the game runs after you login; its been over 5-6 hours. Currently, I wouldnt by this game yet until they fix these issues or you can and just download it and wait until everything is available. In this technological era, and with all the orders they received through steam, their sites, as well as other sites, they should have been prepared, and being unprepared damages the fun and hype of the game and its community. Currently, I give this game a 5/10 due to their lack of communication, and their lack in preparation. Im very patient, however, so I will wait until they fix these issues. Once Im able to log into the game and see what is out there, I will change my opinion on it. There are other issues many individuals are reporting through the discussion boards about logins and crashes and etc.; those could be helpful to anyone who are interested in the release. Regardless of these issues, I hear a lot of positive feedback about the game, which is definitely worth waiting.
game-hours: 70.4
review: PC gamers rejoice. Its is a beuty of a game. I only been playing for a few hour but the whole time it been so stable. I will recomend and most defenetly give a thumbs up to the game. Just please be aware that you will defetnetly need some power to run it. So all the negative comments you will see are from people not knowing their hardware capability. I havent have the chance to see sli work either. A far as I know with a 8350 and a gtx 770 with 4 gb it does a good job, Unfortanely I know my hardware and yeah.... I need an upgrade. Running this with a 2560x1080 monitor I would recomend a gtx 980 minimun to max out your graphics woth most things cracked. Now for 4k I recommend and R9 295x2 or titan x sli. I will let you know even then will you have some trouble maxing the game. Also 2gb or vram wont cut it 4gb required, 8gb recomended and 12gb might do it, Yeah this game rules it is well optimazed and uses every bit of power your pc can give. I would like to thank rock star for this amazing title and the fun with it and as for now I will be going back to play.
game-hours: 50.6
review: Yes, this is a good port. The game is dmeanding but well optimized, totally recommend.
game-hours: 50.2
review: why are you so late~~~ ..............//).............(\`\............... ............/....//..............\\....\............ .........../....//................\\....\........... .....//..../\............./`\....\`\.......... .././.../..../..../.|_......_|.\....\....\...\.\... (.(....(....(..../.)..)....(..(.\....)....).....).. .\................\/.../....\...\/................/.. ..\................. /........\................../... ....\..............(............)............../..... ......\.............\.........../............./......
game-hours: 9.4
review: gud
game-hours: 22.5
review: Edit 2~ Installed AMD Beta drivers and they helped majorly. If anyone has any problems on a good rig, download the AMD or NVidia drivers. They help a ton. Game runs great now although I can't tell any differences in graphical quality between this one and current gen consoles (running on high+ goodies). GTA Online is as you expect, a bunch of s with sticky bombs blowing everything up and I've encountered quite a few children already. Story is great though. Hell I bet you already had it and beat it. Well, buy it and beat it on PC because why the  not?
game-hours: 65.3
review: It's the pc version. 10/10
game-hours: 30.8
review: Very good
game-hours: 18.4
review: Everybody knows Grand Theft Auto games are awesome and this game is no different. Chances are if you're reading reviews for this game on Steam, it's probably to see if they actually optimized it and if it runs smoothly for PC. The answer is YES. It runs flawlessly. All sorts of fancy settings you can adjust to tweak your gameplay experience. Bravo Rockstar - you haven't disappointed with this one.
game-hours: 69.3
review: Was looking forward to it, but stuck being unable to play it due to Rockstar Station issues!
game-hours: 18.2
review: EDIT: As of waking up on the 16th after a format, while GTA V loaded all night, i managed to get it running, whether it was a update from Rock Star or blind luck. good luck guys. Launcher has stopped working. Have spent over 6 hours doing a lot of different things to try and fix it, even reinstalled over night. Don't waste your money. Wait for the game to go on sale and the bugs should be fixed by then. EDIT: I've managed to get the game to update by using Rockstars Installer program (you can find it on the social club page) but now it just simply doesn't load the launcher, or the game. With this in total I've put about 8 hours into trying to get the game running. If anyones wondering why theres only 0.5 hours it's because i've only had to run the launcher for a minute at a time for it to crash, and as of writing this review I've been using the non-steam installer so its not keeping log. I'll try to keep updates on anything that fixes the problem for me. Any shitposts will be deleted.
game-hours: 12.1
review: Nice game
game-hours: 60.7
review: awesome game i love it
game-hours: 16.1
review: This is the most fun I've had in a game in years. The character dialogue and art direction is better than every Holywood film I've seen in the last ten years. The city more is alive and responsive than the one I live in. Every mission is a joy to play and replay.
game-hours: 37.2
review: This game is a masterpiece.
game-hours: 46.9
review: Escaping from police hunt while listening to OreImo's opening.... "i..it...it's not like i want you to hunt me because i want your attention!" 99/5 would roll again
game-hours: 4.4
review: This game in 3d vision is just awesome! just spent an hour driving around looking at the scenery. Gotta have a good system but man it's worth it
game-hours: 50.0
review: Now this game owns my life. I even asked my mom that if i could not go to school becouse i didin't even do my homework. This sucks but you gonna do what you gonna do. 10/10. Nothing else to say. GG GTA V
game-hours: 16.1
review: Click the icon and start loading. The launcher keep error and need to be close... Seriously.... 3 day downloading for this?
game-hours: 11.2
review: The best game ever Runs great on launch day!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 21.7
review: I'm taking a vacation for next week, buying a lot of food and let myself completely pull in the game!
game-hours: 7.4
review: You know I was really excited to finally play this game, even though the release date had been pushed back and pushed back I was really happy to preload it and play. I thought to myself, "oh they must just be taking extra time to make sure it all works out! That is great! I am really glad someone cares about us pc gamers!" But of course why ever have something good and just work when you release it when you can get someone to pay $60 for something that you know they won't refund because they of course want to actually play the game and just hope maybe someday that they might be able to play. It is really frustrating to me to buy into the hype when it is so obvious that we are just not cared about by big gaming corporations. If you make it work I will of course be happier but it doesn't change the fact that it shouldn't be an issue in the first place.
game-hours: 54.9
review: Hands down, The best game EVER created. 11/10 Welldone Rockstar.
game-hours: 36.7
review: I saw a cat floating in mid-air! 10/10
game-hours: 65.9
review: Good port and and for the price you get your money's worth that's for sure, so many AAA games release at the same price point and offer nowhere near the amount of time and enjoyment spent in GTA 5.
game-hours: 9.2
review: Even though there are some launch problems, i can tell i willbe spending a lot of hours on this game. The Video Editor is really fun!
game-hours: 35.4
review: can't ing login game. it stucks at loading screen when i press play!!!! FX THS SHT.
game-hours: 59.7
review: It was worth the wait. I originaly got the game for XBox 360 and wasn't disapointed then and I am not disapointed now. The game is more beautiful and alive then it was on the 360.
game-hours: 66.0
review: Can i run this game on ; 4g ram ddr2 + AMD phenom 965 + geforce gtx 630 ? YES YOU CAN! FPS type of missions run smoothly however driving type of missions may choke a little but the game in general runs fine.
game-hours: 18.4
review: My PC can run Crysis on full video settings at 60FPS solid. GTA V, on the lowest settings, I barely get to 10FPS. It's pretty much unplayable. HOW BADLY OPTIMISED IS THIS GAME?
game-hours: 43.3
review: First of all, the PC port was well worth the wait. The developers thought of everything; from showing how much VRAM is in use, to including a whole separate game mode (Rockstar Editor). Performance is great and the graphics are stunning. Overall, it's just a fantastic PC port. I've been holding off GTAV on the consoles because I wanted to experience this game completely fresh on the best possible platform and holy moly am I glad I did. After about 6 hours, it's abundantly clear how marvelous this game is and I get to experience it at its maximum quality for the first time, w/o any spoilers or nothing. The gameplay is solid, the aesthetics are beautiful, and man, the story is phenomenal. I mean, I'm no real world gangster/etc kind of guy. Hell, I really dislike the theme entirely and tend to avoid other games or media of the sort, but the writing in this game is just so top notch, so well thought-out, I found myself being invested in the characters and their stories. (haven't touched the online yet so can't comment on that) I've barely scratched the surface of this game, but I believe I've played enough to highly recommend this game.
game-hours: 71.8
review: Awesome though I can't figure a way to reduce my sensitivity since it's ridiculously high.
game-hours: 35.6
review: What the... You still do not have this game yet? what a pity!
game-hours: 71.7
review: 100/10 :D
game-hours: 33.5
review: Well Rockstar, im not dissapointed one bit. I saw what I expected from GTA V! The quality put into the game is worth all the money and more!
game-hours: 45.1
review: Great game, great port, buy it! /10
game-hours: 27.0
review: PC gamer, kept you waiting, huh?
game-hours: 11.1
review: Honestly the best version of GTA5 so far and ive played on ps3 and ps4 hands down gta5 was meant to be for pc
game-hours: 57.6
review: The best thing that happend to me
game-hours: 10.6
review: it's such good looking game the controls are more better that consle GO TEAM PC ;))
game-hours: 35.7
review: 10/10 Actually came out this time.
game-hours: 64.2
review: GTA V is a great game, it has a fantasic campaign and pretty good online as well, rockstar is always adding content and with the new Rocktar Editor along with the imporved graphics the PC version is great. I cannot give this game a possitve reveiw however because many people are plauged with problems such as not being able to play to stuttering and crashes. Personally I have issues runnning in SLI and the game maxes out my vram usage in gpu-z on sli GTX980s even though on a single card at the same settings it runs perfectly fine. I hope that this game can be fixed for those with issues sooner rather and later.
game-hours: 61.7
review: I enjoy it a lot but the online is still plagued with intense lag. I know Rockstar will fix this. The game is still super new. Chill everyone.
game-hours: 24.8
review: Friends-"Matt you should come back to the real world and stop playing gta." Me-"But this is gta V on pc it has better resolution than the real world." Firends walk off in shame
game-hours: 21.8
review: This game is soo perfect :D. Seriously its rare to see so polished games. Totally fun, totally amazing !!
game-hours: 40.6
review: Very good game but I can not recommend it because the game crashes while playing the mission "Blitz Play" so you can not complete the game.
game-hours: 14.7
review: GTX 980 with lot of Ultr High setting running constand 80 FPS with 144HZ. Totaly worth but the online is kinda pain because of the wait time in every match. (Crook cop take 3 minutes to load), (Race just about 30 seconds or less). Lantency is seem fine to me not like some kinda of LAG KILL or teleport anywhere, just playable.
game-hours: 69.9
review: Minimim specs mean nothing im running above that and on the lowest setting - still unplayabe
game-hours: 33.0
review: Unable to use my GPU properly due to switchable graphics. Don't get this game if you have AMD GPU + Intel CPU on laptops.
game-hours: 34.3
review: Like Crack , On toast , Smothered in Honey. OMGBBQ@WTF .... But yes this game is beautiful for the master race
game-hours: 56.3
review: It's freaking awesome!!!! <3 <3 <3 Beautifug Graphics,amazing gameplay!!big difference from the ps3/xbox360 versions!!!
game-hours: 24.9
review: This game is AMAZING! The singleplayer is very dramatic/cinematic and has the feling of a movie about a group of thieves coming together to perform massive hiests. As for the multiplayer it feels like they're trying to get you to buy shark cards as the online ultimatly feels like a huge grind but over all is still very fun and with the addition of hiests this gives the game a new feeling to it making players who have played the game for houndreds of hours to come back and play even MORE! So overall this game is worth buying the only thing i think need's changing is the grind in online. 11/10 IGN 100% LEGIT
game-hours: 51.7
review: Never had so much fun playing a male Rottweiler banging another male dog (in one of Franklin's missions). Online's working well with all rookies laying around. Graphics very optimised. Still have stutter problems now and then. Other than that......100/10 would always play this superior version.
game-hours: 80.7
review: best gta yet! love it!
game-hours: 7.2
review: 2 Years for nothing, can't even launch the game. Waste of money and time.
game-hours: 34.4
review: I walked around pushing people over and shouting at them for an hour 10/10
game-hours: 22.3
review: Best game i ever played from feeling to story! Graphics are just WOW
game-hours: 50.8
review: Runs well, is fun
game-hours: 43.7
review: GTa 5 stopped working !!!!!
game-hours: 1.3
review: .. i can't even everytime i start the game it just crashes pls fix this r* .-. Refund pls
game-hours: 70.7
review: One of the best games ever created, would highly reccomend to anyone who is thinking of buying it
game-hours: 12.8
review: HD boobies <3
game-hours: 42.3
review: This is a great game,and It feels like the first game rockstar really tried to finish (On pc) Those who say random crash and more probably fixed their issue but didn't changed their reviews. But be aware this game could crash on launching then what? You still can get a refund of some sort! The game was broken at the launch (But benchmarks and multiplayer) but thats normal for multi. The first big path is already out,with oculust rift support! Why do I even write thise review, ima play gta now
game-hours: 27.6
review: Now that Rockstart has fixed the game, 10/10, Third time I have paid for the game, and it is my one true love.
game-hours: 32.3
review: Oh Boy , this game is good But couldnt enjoy it at first since i had the launcher crash issue but now that I fixed even if it took away all my hype before the launch still enjoying it . For those of you how might have the launcher crash problem I followed this simple steps ; 1. Open : Device Manager ( search it in the start search toolbar ) 2. Go to the Displey Adapters 3. Disable you nvidia card ( disable dont unninstall tho ) 4. Open gta v while you did the previous stept 5. When social club pop up just re-enable yout nvidia crad Worked great for me ,was a bit sceptic tho at the begining but worth trying With all the issues it has some minor bugs ,launcher crashand social club issues this game is still solid 9.5/10
game-hours: 28.0
review: so good because of graphics options
game-hours: 50.0
review: Edit: patch fixed my launching issue, game runs perfectly now.
game-hours: 62.3
review: How could you not give this a positive rating? One of the best games ever made. Shooter, racing, flying, boating, and an editor? What's not to like?
game-hours: 37.5
review: The game is fun as well as the controls being easy to learn also im suprised my 15 inch retina (Nivida 750m) Could run the games in 1080p 60FPS in ultra... very pleased
game-hours: 19.5
review: It is a great game but i have had many problems. I run a amd fx 3850 cpu with a nvidia 660 gpu. I believe that is the main problem. The game does not even start as well. But when i go on my laptop it runs ( i5 with nvidia gpu). I dont think that the windows account name is the big problem, I believe it is hardware compatiblility issues !!! Fix it Rockstar !!!!!!!
game-hours: 78.2
review: if you put higher settings, you get less lag? 10/10
game-hours: 25.5
review: Great animal killing simulator, Must play!
game-hours: 40.6
review: So far greatest title of the greatest game series of all time. -Best content-for-money ratio -Open-world par excellence -Diverse multiplayer (unlike IV) -Framerate friendly -New mechanics (skill & level system, main chars) -So many little improvements -OST What I hope for in the planned DLCs: - more multiplayer modes & customization options - bring back Ken Rosenberg! - let's ship it out to PC players first this time GTA is like Beethoven. You can't dislike Beethoven.
game-hours: 67.2
review: bruh
game-hours: 24.8
review: Wait till all the issues are resolved. Pro: - amazing graphics -FUN!!!!!!!!!!!!! -Online Gameplay -Cars,Bikes,Helicopters,Planes,Boats -Mansions,Appartments CONS: - tons of issues and glearing buggs (as to be expected) - stuttering - connectivity issues , crashes - hours of hair pulling
game-hours: 55.2
review: Definitely a good game but we all know that. I haven't tried the multiplayer yet because I want to finish the singleplayer first (first time playing GTA V). PC version is a very good port with good optimization and good graphics at the same time. Careful of the advanced graphics options those are very demanding. With those turned off, MSAA x2 and everything else on maximum settings on a gigabyte GTX 970 mini I'm getting 55-60 FPS. I had a minor scare during install because it got stuck on 99% for a while saying "busy writing to disc" but that was because I had pre-loaded the game and it was decrypting so don't worry if you have the same thing it will eventually install (mine took 20-30 minutes)
game-hours: 43.4
review: NOW I KNOW WHY THIS GAME HAS BEEN GAME OF THE YEAR !!
game-hours: 0.4
review: I have been waiting for this game for well over a year, and when I finally get it, it doesnt even open, let along get to the point where it crashes! For the ammount of time this was delayed, I would expect for it to work first time. Until this problem has been fixed, I would advise that you do not buy this game!
game-hours: 79.0
review: When it was first released I was up at 1am GMT Gaming online and it was working fine, as I played some more I found a few bugs but no matter how much I play this game every time I hit that play button I love it, after 30+ hours on it less then 3 days after release I can honsetly say this is good game and I can't wait to see how they introduce new features and patch the game. Its like my baby its been cooking for 4/5 months and it was born possibly premiture but its getting better with time <3 My baby is beautiful <3
game-hours: 93.0
review: No intro needed here
game-hours: 73.2
review: Is 2015 the Year of PC Optimization?? Assassin's Creed Rogue played better on PC than the past 3 AC titles, and GTA 5 (just released twelve hours ago) runs better than the 7-year-old GTA 4.
game-hours: 45.5
review: Delay simulator 2013/2014/2015 11/10
game-hours: 9.2
review: Overall this is a great game with some flaws. They should have allowed you turn down your graphics further for with my really bad computer, it lags on the lowest of settings. There are still some graphical errors which are probably because of my low end PC. I would give it an 8/10. I would take two points away because of the general flaws in the gameplay and graphical errors.
game-hours: 15.5
review: While technically a great game, i cannot recommend it to people like myself who have grown up with the series and find themselves with much less time to indulge than when they were young. I just find myself not really getting into the game as i did when i was young doing random  just isnt as satisfying anymore.
game-hours: 6.5
review: Lovely game with so much content. I played on Xbox 360 for hours on end and this is no different and is worth a buy. Now go! Loosen your wallets! Let the 60 bucks fly unto steam cards and then purchase this gamr brcaause this is pretty much the best game on steam as of right now! 10/10!
game-hours: 20.8
review: plays amazingly best PORT ever! Cant even call it a port. ROCKSTAR!!! thank you for taking your time with optimization and giving us PC gamers a great release. sure there are some people unable to play but this has been a much better release than Final Fantasy Realm Reborn, or say Any Ubisoft title. I appreciate all of your hard work this last year and some. It really shows in this PC version of the game.
game-hours: 16.5
review: All I have to say is PC Master Race! 10/10 for me a good launch and ultra 60FPS best ever cant belive I played this on console will never go back to console now after this thank you Rockstar even with the delays better then the GTA IV launch by far Pre-Order worth!
game-hours: 32.7
review: I have waited a long time for this, and it couldn't be better.
game-hours: 33.1
review: Best game now, runs well, worth the money and waiting 10/10
game-hours: 17.8
review: Oh my god I'm so glad it's finally available. With every new release it gets better. Last gen to current gen consoles and now PC. I wish I had a 4k screen to really test my graphics card. 1080p is still pretty too. Keyboard controls take some getting used to. A few commands are slightly out of reach but you don't need them often enough to be a problem. Supports 360/One controller out of the box and it feels just like the console control. I'll probably use both to be honest. Mouse/keyboard for running/shooting and controller for driving/flying. Analog steering for the win. The load times are near instant for single player and the online is significantly improved compared to the console. First time I joined online, I tried to get the high priority export car only to be met with explosions and fire. 10/10 will explode again.
game-hours: 42.1
review: 10/10
game-hours: 50.5
review: Actually optimized. It's how Watch_Dogs should've been optimized. If you like having fun. Pick up this game.
game-hours: 52.5
review: Rockstar did an amazing job with this port. While my single GTX 770 isn't running the game at full ultra, it's pretty close to it. Much closer than I expected, after GTA IV and many of the overhyped games to come out recently. This game looks absolutely amazing. I haven't played as much as I would like yet because of work, but I will be playing when I get off. Gunplay is as good as ever, driving is smoother, switching characters (not that I've done it much yet) works exceptionally well, and it's all bound together by one of the most beautifully rendered games I've ever seen, and certainly THE best open world in terms of visuals. I haven't played on console since PS2, so this is my first time playing this amazing title. If, like me, you are a true PC gamer, you will pick this game up. Even if you are a cross-platform heathen using both consoles and PC, you should pick this up if you are interested in the in-game video creator. It seems like a great feature to play around with, though I will wait until I've beaten the campaign first.
game-hours: 5.8
review: It forcess you to have rockstar account. It automatically assigns the rockstar account with the steam account. It cannot run without internet. If you ever used some dummy rockstar account with your steam account you will not be able to run the game as you can not use different account and can not access the dummy account. In other words I can no longer play rockstar games on my steam account, and all the ones I bought are unaccessible.
game-hours: 10.5
review: Good !!
game-hours: 13.5
review: I want a mod so i can go bowling with Roman. TY
game-hours: 41.7
review: Third time I'm playing it, just as fun but several times more glorious to watch.
game-hours: 29.8
review: Guys this is AWSOME!!!
game-hours: 44.5
review: 4;20 nice
game-hours: 25.0
review: Went to a strip club, got drunk, got into an abandoned helicopter, flew it into the ocean, got out, punched a hooker, got killed by the cops 10/10 would recommend.
game-hours: 20.0
review: 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 86.2
review: #1 game ever released on pc 10/10
game-hours: 37.5
review: *O*
game-hours: 91.6
review: no bowling. 0/10
game-hours: 62.9
review: amazing simply amazing
game-hours: 67.0
review: GOTY 3 years running brehs
game-hours: 2.1
review: I RECOMMEND THIS GAME BUT MOSTLY GUYS CANT PLAY. IF YOUR PC IS FUC*** UP LIKE ME DON'T EVEN DOWNLOAD IT. IT WILL BE SHAME
game-hours: 19.7
review: Now that they patched it so it launches its nice graphics are  with a gtx5770 though and a penom II but that thats not their fault.
game-hours: 76.1
review: They fixed the problem is record timing, stay classy Rockstar~
game-hours: 28.7
review: After the patch which fixed the problem with multiple grafic cards it is a great game.
game-hours: 77.4
review: Its actually skyrim with guns 10/10
game-hours: 10.3
review: This really is the BEST version of GTA V! Well worth the wait :)
game-hours: 66.0
review: Amazing 10/10
game-hours: 58.7
review: Really is a great game ! Money is worth it !
game-hours: 16.6
review: This game is obviously fun and funny, it gives us what GTA IV didn't and then some. Now even though I recommand this game there are problems with it, one in particular which needs to be fixed asap. Laptops with two graphics cards (Usually an Intel one and a deticated one from AMD or NVIDIA) cannot currently run this game without a whackey workaround which doesn't always work. This needs to be something they fix in a week to two weeks time or else you'll have a massive flood (Which you already have so why would you want more?) of people who complain on steam, on their forums and to their costumer support that the game is broken and they want a refund.
game-hours: 28.0
review: Awesome graphics and finally a optimized pc game for once! Even with a 780 Ti with 3GB VRAM, its not enough to fully max out the game. If it were a 6GB variant it would easily do so. Wouldnt recommend playing on a laptop with anything slower than a 980M. Good buy
game-hours: 13.2
review: I crashed a plane into a building while listening to Britney Spears in first person. 12/10
game-hours: 44.8
review: Loved it on 360 but this version is the definitive one. It's not a perfect port in terms of small graphical bugs, social club problems some people seem to be have and it requires a lot of VRAM to play (even though I pushed it over the limit and didn't see much difference in framrate) and can stutter with some graphics settings when moving through dense areas. However, compared to the PS4 version, this one runs amazingly and has an abundance of customisations and settings in the menu. If you love GTA, the campaign is perfect, if not, get it on sale; you may still enjoy it. Multiplayer is a bit like an mmo (except there's a limit to 30 players in a server) and that's great except it feels grindy if you want lots of cash and level up. In terms of mods, it's gonna be a slow burner but even though Rockstar haven't made the game mod-friendly, the communnity of talented modders will probably keep this game alive for a long time with impressive mods like the ones in GTA IV. I would completely recommend as long as you don't hype it up in your mind to be the greatest thing ever because only some people will see it that way. 10/10 - The most rich and complete game I have ever played, any issues are nothing compared to the triumph of design and aesthetic that this game is.
game-hours: 31.3
review: I've been trying to fix the game for 3 days now. ''the social club failed to load due to an incomplete installation (code 16)'' ^Is the error I get, and I've literally done everything there is to try and fix this issue, but it just cannot be fixed. So much for spending 60 euro's on a game and not being able to play it. :'( I like the game though, 10/10. :')
game-hours: 48.9
review: Most of the textures are terrible, vehicles are way too maneuveric. But still the world is good enough. 2.5/10 textures 7-8/10 gameplay
game-hours: 41.2
review: if this game was a girl it would be Megan Fox
game-hours: 22.3
review: FIX IT GOD DAMN IT FIXXXXXXXXXXX IT
game-hours: 38.4
review: I've purchased this game day one, twice in my life, sof ar. IT'S THAT GOOD
game-hours: 29.3
review: amazing as always !!!!
game-hours: 19.4
review: First thing to do in GTA V (PC): Grab a prostitue. Pay her and get rekt. When She Leaves run her over. Get moneyz $$$ back. 10/10 Would get free prostitution again.
game-hours: 19.0
review: Absolutely Amazing, GTX 770, I7 4770 and 16 gb ram, 90-110 FPS without Vysnc on high settings. Runs amazingly. Alot more control then Console version. 9/10 (Online has some Errors). Excellent Release Rockstar :D
game-hours: 7.8
review: I've played the console versions of this game and it is fair to say that this is worth the wait. Gameplay was great in both 3rd and 1st person mode (Don't recommend first person if you have motion sickness), the cars didn't feel slippery, the campaign feels like sort of episodic (if I spelt that right) and the graphics were impressive. Especially on the last gen versions of the game. 10/10 PS. Be prepared to run into high level pr*cks going on a rampage in their tank on the Online portion of the game
game-hours: 41.7
review: it's okay
game-hours: 52.5
review: This port has been done right. Looks & plays great.
game-hours: 41.5
review: Game runs fast.
game-hours: 64.6
review: Good game. - Runs smooth - Outstanding graphics - No joystick support - Loading times really long online 8/10 when fixed 10/10
game-hours: 17.4
review: Best GTA I've ever played!!
game-hours: 101.8
review: gr8 b8 m8 i r8 8/8 dont h8
game-hours: 62.5
review: Good game but for the love of god fix the ing first heist, it doesnt finish properly, you are either stuck in a white screen or in the c ar and cant to anything. Please fix it.
game-hours: 60.0
review: hei bror
game-hours: 11.8
review: Now that i have played it i have to say, it's pretty damn good. Nice graphics, nice gameplay, and nice story. But i do have to say, it needs more optimization and driver updates.
game-hours: 26.8
review: Awesome! Enough words
game-hours: 71.7
review: 10/10, One of Best games on PC.
game-hours: 35.3
review: Best game ever! Gta is always fun! Buy it right now!
game-hours: 24.5
review: amazing game, would love to see some touch up with the custimation of cars though :) 9/10
game-hours: 24.6
review: 5th day and this still doesn't work for me with a good gaming rig. Buy at your own risk...
game-hours: 63.1
review: Strip club simulator. I can even call a stripper to my apartment to give private dance. 10/10
game-hours: 6.5
review: best game in life!!!
game-hours: 27.4
review: great game
game-hours: 42.6
review: Best game ever. just because... you know... GTA.
game-hours: 93.0
review: it's good
game-hours: 28.0
review: If you can get it to work, It's really freaking a whole lot of fun, this game has redeemed itself, it gets a thumbs up from me. If your FPS are REALLY low, make the second slider in advanced graphic turn off
game-hours: 104.6
review: Eu jogo esse jogo des de setembro de 2013 no seu lanamento , j o amava no xbox 360 agora no PC eles conseguiram o revolucionar mais ainda. 10/10
game-hours: 31.7
review: Pretty as my nans tight  (It is very pretty)
game-hours: 24.4
review: Finally managed to install it without getting lag/fps drops. Love the game, of the best GTA games ever made.
game-hours: 25.3
review: Seriously one of the best games ever made. We waited too long for a PC version and the result is very, very good.
game-hours: 4.1
review: My Social club won't load. Any solutions?
game-hours: 19.7
review: The patch and AMD driver update (beta) actually made the game a lot faster and more stable (it was barely playable at first). There are some technical flaws thogh. Nice visuals, quite stable FPS, a-lot-of-new to explore and learn. Suddenly there's something more time consuming than Skyrim. I didn't try GTA Online yet since my internet is very unstable ATM; people say it's chaos and the most of the time you watch Load Screens, not Los Santos. I'm very happy with the singpleplayer so far. Maybe the game is not totally worth the full price (I usually buy games on huge sales), but it's not waste either. So, I'm pretty happy with the buy and I look forward for new updates/fixes. Specs: MSI GX70 laptop (FullHD) AMD A10 5750M (2.5/3.2 GHz) Radeon HD8970M 2GB GDDR5 16GB DDR3 1600MHz 7200 RPM HDD Win7 64 Settings: 1920x1080 High texture quality High shadow quality High reflections quality Softest shadows V-SYNC: Half (30 FPS) FXAA The rest is low/default. 9.5/10 (not so satisfying shooting, few other things are off, otherwise very enjoyable). 2015-04-17
game-hours: 6.0
review: Easy install (3 Hour download @ 1-6MB/s). First person mode truly is a game-changer. R9 280 can handle very high settings, possibly ultra. 9/10
game-hours: 50.2
review: I got in a car with a stranger and 2 hours later I was enjoying a friendly conversation at some guy's house party. Only in GTA 5.
game-hours: 56.6
review: Drank 12 shots of whiskey and passed out. Then I played GTA
game-hours: 15.4
review: Amazing graphics, runs super smooth and I didnt have any issues with launching. What more can u ask for 10/10.
game-hours: 54.3
review: Best GTA EVER!!!
game-hours: 22.6
review: ITS GREAT AND They are fixing everything real time
game-hours: 89.2
review: I like the GTA serie but always wonder why controls must be that complicated. The story is nice and you have so much happening around you which makes it interesting to just watch what is going on. The graphic looks very good to me but even with good hardware i wouldn't set everything to ultra to get stable high fps. I keep rockstars settings when you start the game the first time, they are already very good and give me stable 100+ fps. What i dislike is the complicated way to team up with your friends, there seem to be no real group feature like in most other pc multiplayer games or i didn't find it yet. This is a must have if you want to play with friends. You should be able to create a group, invite your friends and then do missions when ever you want or drive around in the city. The way it is at the moment you have to create a session, invite your friends and as soon as you start a mission you again have to invite them before the party is full. After the mission finished you often end up in another random session and again have to invite your friends. Sorry but like this it is just to complicated. Another thing i hope they will add is the possibility to change the video record folder, i use an extern hdd for video editing but they force you to keep free space on your windows partition because the recorded videos are saved there and you can't change that without setting your whole windows documents folder to another hdd. You get in trouble if you use an extern hdd for documents folder since you don't always have it pluged, please change it. Except those few things i am realy enjoying the game and i hope rockstar listens and change some things to make it even better.
game-hours: 2.3
review: please make a option for 30 frames per second in the game just as a option please
game-hours: 45.2
review: I would love to play gta 5 for my PC. I purchased it for my birthday yesterday and windows 8.1 WILL NOT ALLOW WINDOWS MEDIA PLAYER. Gta 5 needs it to start. PLS FIX I NEED 2 PLAY!!!!
game-hours: 19.0
review: After the update, The launcher STILL does not work. Now all im wondering is how to get my refund for a WORKING game, other than something thats wasting space on my computer.
game-hours: 45.3
review: A good game if you are trying to kill some time. or lose track of time. or forget real life exists. be careful. you have been warned!
game-hours: 38.1
review: Amazing Game,love it when my mind is right
game-hours: 11.1
review: 10/10 Amazing to play this game @60 FPS. only problem is that the game crashes frequently. hopefully rockstar will patch this in the future. :D
game-hours: 35.3
review: AMAZING!
game-hours: 39.5
review: 10/10 would pre purchase again
game-hours: 52.9
review: By all accounts a good, well optimized game. The UI, controls are fantastic. The graphic options and graphical quality is exceptional, especially for the performance I get on low-end hardware. They REALLY put A LOT of work into optimizing this and tweaking the engine to perfection. Far more than any company has anything else released in years. That is, if it runs at all. They're dragging their feet about fixing the myriad of issues which plague many players. At this time I do not recommend buying it with a 50% chance that it'll just crash repeatedly, either during the intial launch of the launcher itself, or during gameplay.
game-hours: 48.6
review: I can without a doubt say that this is my favorite game of all time. On the PS3 i've spent over 500 hours in it, and i'm gonna spend even more on PC when it's been upgraded so much. Definitely recommend this.
game-hours: 0.8
review: After watching the positive PC Port Report video TotalBiscuit made I figured GTA V would be a great pick up, but unfortunately I ran into so many issues rightaway that I ended up requesting a refund which was still an option due to the other problems the game had. Issues I had: - Jerky/laggy mouse movement in the menu. Changing vsync or mouse input didn't help. - Settings didn't save after quitting the game and restarting - Display calibration screen on every start - Benchmark crashed to desktop after a 3 minute black screen - FPS tied to sensitivity (not this crap again, sigh) I run a i7-4790K, 16 GB, R9 290X machine and from what I could see from my short experience, the actual framerate ingame is fine so performance seems ok otherwise. This is the first refund I've ever requested and I'm glad it was still an option. Fully priced games, in this case even more, should always have an option for refunds to avoid these sorts of things. One thing Steam could learn from Origin. I hope they patch the game and fix all these issues because I am certain the underlying game is brilliant, but I just can't support it while there's so many problems before even getting to the actual playing part.
game-hours: 16.4
review: Amazing game, rockstar obviously wanted to do the best delivery of a game they could and even if they didn't, that was achieved anyway but i'm sure they were. Amazing graphics, better than any console graphics, 60fps makes it so much better and feel like you're actually there at times when you're in the amazing... 1st person mode! Which you get on ps4 and xbox one anyway but still it looks way better on the PC. Director mode makes it way better aswell because you can play as so many different characters and costumed characters which is ALOT of fun when bored in the game. Definitely recommended (If you have a graphics card of atleast Radeon HD 7770) but it might look alright on a lower one, but yeah definitely recommended!
game-hours: 51.2
review: I love this game. I have played it on PS4, but its whole differrent experience playing on PC at 60FPS+. The game very well optimized. I did encounter some problems at the launch though, but i looked it up online and made a new a local account on win 8.1 and boom rock stable. If you have money to buy this game, buy it now!. You won't regret it.
game-hours: 118.3
review: Great game! Played over story mode once, the game never crashed, though Steam did a few times (BAD BAD STEAM)... I didn't have any problems with starting the game or any other bugs, gotta hand it to Rockstar, when they delay a game, they know why they're doing so...
game-hours: 10.6
review: Spent hours murdering an increasingly furious child online. There was a crack of thunder, a flash of lightning, the heavens opened and his bullet-riddled corpse was drenched by the fresh, cooling rain - a glorious HD rendering of his tears crossing from the real world into the game. 11/10 - would buy again just to relive that moment.
game-hours: 11.1
review: I had high hopes, for this broken title.
game-hours: 38.4
review: After years of waiting a GTA game finally comes to PC after a very long time. The question is it good? Short Answer: Yes Long Answer: When I heard that Grand Theft Auto V was gonna come to PC, I was really happy. The console version in my opinion was good but didn't have any potential to expand, sure it will have various DLC's such as Heist, the PC version in the other hand will have a lot of potential copared to consoles, for instance PC will have modding tools that will allow the community to make changes to the game, brining custom changes, for example there will be various car mods, which will make the game more realistic, but there can be other things such as funny mods where you can be superman and there will be realistic mods where you can be a police officer or a medic. Another reason I have bought GTA in the PC is because of its graphics, the PS4/XB1 have very limited graphics power, the PC in the other hand has a "next gen" change every year, heck every month. This will enable Rockstar to make the game more graphically better and be more appealing towards most PC gamers and I am happy to say they have done that, they also have made the game very optimized, my PC which might not be the best in the world can run this game over 90 fps+ in high-very high setting. Their is many other reasons why GTA V is better in the pc. If I had to give it a rating out of 100 I would give it a 97,
game-hours: 50.5
review: 3 delays later the games comes out ruins my csgo inventory 10/10
game-hours: 74.1
review: Amazing graphics, great gameplay, different each time I bought it, and no auto-aim (except for s using controllers). Also there are cats, cats are amazing. 10/10
game-hours: 16.0
review: Yes,is cool but it has bugs now and it can be optimized better for laptops at least!!!
game-hours: 39.7
review: Amazing game tho it crashes in single player mode alot for me
game-hours: 37.5
review: best game ever like sex but im having it
game-hours: 21.3
review: Very nice design, story and most important, optimization. All recommendations and 10 of 10.
game-hours: 25.0
review: First person dog on dog humping. 10/10
game-hours: 2.4
review: Game is not launching what can i say more! I haven't seen anything like this in my life before! In last 3 days i sent e-mails to both steam and rockstar and non of them have sent me a solution massage yet. F*** the solution, i want to know if they are searching for a solution or not, i want them to just let me know about the process. This is f***ing an inpolite behaviour! This f***ing game is a trash right now DO NOT buy it if you don't want to be cancer. This is a terrible failure for both steam and esspecially rockstar games. From now on, i am not going to buy any rockstar games product before reading commends to see if the game is fully working or not. This bad recomendation will stay here untill they fix the game. Thanks for steam and rockstar to ruining my week. F*** you all!
game-hours: 24.5
review: I'm just at beginning of the game and this is some kind of a "first impression" comment, but still: It's crazy good! Worth the wait for PC too, engine is so smooth and realistic. If you like these kind of games, you'll have to own it proudly.
game-hours: 84.2
review: Bought it for 60 dollars and it wont even work. Tried asking for help and all the reccomended fixes and no responses and nothing works. EDIT: yayyy rockstar released an update that fixed the issue. Now that I can play it it is very fun, 10/10
game-hours: 31.4
review: It's K
game-hours: 70.5
review: great game
game-hours: 43.7
review: A joy to play even with an "old" computer. It runs smooth enough with great default graphic settings. Specs: Asus P8Z68-V Pro Gen 3 Intel core i7 2600K 16 gig memory SSD drives AMD Radeon 6900 Screen resolution: 1920 x 1080
game-hours: 19.1
review: sexy
game-hours: 21.9
review: Best Game Ever...
game-hours: 53.7
review: Amazing game :)
game-hours: 17.1
review: good game
game-hours: 54.3
review: best loading simulator 2015 10/10 would load again
game-hours: 13.5
review: ing amazing
game-hours: 37.5
review: You need this game; it's got blimps and pink rocket propelled grenades. Oh, and you can get pink flares to flaunt your sexuality as you burn strippers. GOTY 2K15
game-hours: 55.3
review: Graphics are awsome!
game-hours: 66.8
review: Amzing!
game-hours: 62.8
review: (  )     , , .      -       .    ,          -_-   :  GTA.    ,    -    GTA III, Vice city  San andreas.  ,         GTA IV -      V,   , , .   -   ,     -. : -    .  ,  -  , (     ,    )    .      .  -   "   ".  -   ,       . -  .     ... ""? ,  ,        ,    , , ,      ,      -     . -    :    .    ,     .             .   . ,  FOV                (     )  .   ,  .  ,  .  -  ,      GTA VII   . - .       GTA        .      ,     ,       ,      - PissWasser ( -  ,    ,  ,   ;D). Talk radio -      ,     . -     ,      .   50% ,       .      -  ,     . (NIKO IT'S YOUR COUSIN...) : -     . -        . , ,          .   ,     . -  .   ,     .  ...   . , ,        .  ,  . : -       ,   . (  ,     ).      ". "      .  (  .  30)   ,   ,   .          .       . -    .  , ,        -         . -   . ,  . ,    .   , . ,   .    ,        . -     "  "   .    "    ",  -     (      2  ). -      . - . -       //. ,  ,        ,      vice city ( SA)       .     .  ,    GTA ONLINE,     GTA V 55 ,   ,      - .     GTA IV -       10/10  .   -        8.5-9/10
game-hours: 53.6
review: runs well, best game on my steam and it has
game-hours: 42.1
review: Man, this game really is great. IT's absolutely beautiful, the story is compelling, and it's bigger than ever! The only problem is that..it's not optimized for PC, oddly enough. It has issues using the full power of some people's GPU, including mine. Despite being able to run the game at 40-50 FPS on medium high settings, you get wierd dips, stutters, and micro sound-cut outs at times, or, your FPS will randomly drop to 20 and stay there for a minute, even when you're just standing still! When they release a better version ofthe game, it will have my full support. Right now, I'm just not feelin' it.
game-hours: 28.6
review: Absolutely fantastic game. It took a long time to come on PC, but it was worth waiting. What else I can say it's GTA it's a Rockstar game.
game-hours: 1.4
review: My computer isn't even a toaster and it can't run this game. It's slighly better than the system requirements, and I can hardly play the game without rage quitting from the lag. I would only really recommend this if you have a great computer, otherwise I would wait until they fix the lag.
game-hours: 21.5
review: AWSOME, if your game launcher crashes just disable your gpu in begining and turn on before game launches!! This is because your GPU is not supported cuz rockstar hates you and wants to make you addicted to this game even if you dont have what it takes to run it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 24.4
review: Amazing and a great game!
game-hours: 13.2
review: First of all, let me start off by saying they never should have released a game as broken as this. I can't run it for 20 minutes without Blue Screening, but that doesn't change my opinion of this game. It is still one of the greatest games in the franchise, and of all time in my opinion. (Vice City will always beat out the others for me). For the small time I could play it, the controls were incredibly fine tuned and responsive, and the controller support is phenomenal. The game is very well optimized, especially if you have the newly released AMD/Nvidia drivers. The level of detail is wonderful to have, and was nice to see coming from the PS3 version. Even though it's currently a broken piece of , I will still reccomend it.
game-hours: 11.1
review: Perfect ! Perfect ! Perfect! Can't describe it in another way
game-hours: 25.1
review: Launched the online game and got  respawned got shot respawned got a car.....wrecked got out and got shot 11/10 IGN
game-hours: 11.5
review: Man this game was definitely worth the wait! I very rarely write a review but here goes: First off, i had this on ps3 when it was first released and was appalled by the constant ghosting and bad geometry but seen a lot of potential in terms of graphics so had to wait a while but that wait is finally over! my system specs are: geforce gtx 780 GPU 16gb RAM AMD FX 8150 Eight Core Processor CPU so can almost have everything maxed out but it looks insane! Secondly having my online character saved on the rockstar server from ps3 days is a big help meaning i can start the heist missions straight away which is a big bonus as saves a lot time, plus all the pre order money and the rumours of steam mods coming soon makes me a satisfied customer :-D
game-hours: 9.8
review: Game Of The Year! That's all.
game-hours: 12.6
review: It's so odd to not regret preordering a AAA title.
game-hours: 8.7
review: Sick game
game-hours: 15.1
review: you must have played like it 100%
game-hours: 49.4
review: Simply one of the best Grand Theft Auto games out there. Deffinetely better on pc.
game-hours: 18.4
review: Really Rockstar? Don't trust people saying this is a good port. Maybe it is if you have top end 5000$ PC. - Input lag on ing menus. - Stuttering fps for no reason at all. Sometimes its 100fps, sometimes in nowhere with nothing going on its full of breaks. Horrible port, do not buy in the current state unless you have a 5000$ PC. PS: I run all new games in high settings without any problem at all. ------------------------ EDIT ---------------- Solved by buing more 4GB RAM, total 8GB, this game is not able to play with 4GB although it is the minimum requirements. Now everything is smooth.
game-hours: 0.1
review: It was pretty good on Xbox 360. It was pretty good on Xbox One. I couldn't tell you if it's any good on pc...
game-hours: 31.8
review: The online play is amazing and not to mention the look of the world, cars, water, and people. Time to play some more and more and more and more and more and more and more!! A perfect example of why PC Gaming is the best out there!!
game-hours: 37.1
review: Ladies adn Gentleman this is Grand Theft Auto at it's finest glory the dfintive version this is and a must have even with the slight issue that windows has is a very easy fix do not let any one detour you with a bad review saying it is not worth the purchase cause of that it so is worth every dollar that Rockstar wants for this game. I had the issue with windows and fixed it in 2 seconds.
game-hours: 37.1
review: Ladies adn Gentleman this is Grand Theft Auto at it's finest glory the dfintive version this is and a must have even with the slight issue that windows has is a very easy fix do not let any one detour you with a bad review saying it is not worth the purchase cause of that it so is worth every dollar that Rockstar wants for this game. I had the issue with windows and fixed it in 2 seconds.
game-hours: 36.0
review: FINALLY!!! While the issues haven't been fixed yet, I have figured out a way to bypass it. Disable your grapics card, launch the game, and while it's launching, activate your graphics card. Now to the actual review: Pros: - Extremely large open world. - Good nough gameplay. - Singleplayer story is good. - Good graphics. - Well done car physics. - It's quick and easy to switch between single- and multiplayer. Just open menu, click multiplayer and join multiplayer game. Few secounds later you're good to go. - RAMPAGE!!! (As to be expected from any GTA game) Cons: - The bug that already has been announced is a thing that really pulls down on this game. While it is possible to fix, it shouldn't be like this. Yes, I know thy're fixing it but I just feel like it needs to be said as it's a really annoying bug. - Allthough I do like the fast switching between single- and multiplayer, the multiplayer itself isn't all thta good all the time. It isn't rare for me to see people glitching all over the place. - I feel like it hasn't been fully optimized for PC yet. - All graphics options are on high by default, this may lead to some troublesome performance in the beginning for some. This is off course possible to change before starting the game, but it isn't all that easy to know how it will run. - I have experienced 2 crashes so far (6.5 hours). I don't know why these occoured. Overall I am a little disappointed but as soon as some of the bugs are fixed it'll be a much better game. I know this sounded a little negative towards the game but don't get me wrong, it's an amazing game! It just has some issues that needs to be fixed.
game-hours: 30.8
review: I'll be upfront. I preordered this game and downloaded it at 1.2 mb a second. It's a 60 gig game. Do you have any idea how long that takes to download? However, that was fine with me because i know that the game is good quality. I was so excited and took the day off to play it only to find out that it wouldn't launch. In fact steam offered me a refund the moment I tried to open the game. I was pissed. The game is 60 dollars. So I redownloaded it. Now it works. As frustrated as I was I can't stay mad at whoever screwed up at Rockstar because the game is just that ing good. When you see the effort, time, and craftsmanship that is put into building this game you realize that the company really is trying their best to give you the best product possible, and holy  do they deliver. The immersion from the gameplay will last for quite a long time. The writing is definately better than most games out there but there could've been better. The female characters for example could've been a lot more 3 dimentional the way you see on show like " Californication", a game like " The Last of us". That said, it's still entertaining. Overall I'd say it's almost a flawless game. I don't pay $60 dollars for games ever. EVER. I did pay $60 for this game and I can honestly say that I'm a satisfied customer. In spite of not being able to play it in the beginning I gotta say thank you Rockstar.
game-hours: 44.1
review: Runs fantastic. Massive improvement over GTA IV in terms of graphics and performance. I have 2 GTX970's in SLI with a 4770K, i just stuck all the graphics and advanced graphics settings to the absolute max and it runs. i get 45 - 120FPS depending where i am and only limited due to refresh rate. The wait isnt that bad either in my opinion, i had GTAV on xbox360 which was ruined just down to the fact it was like watching a slideshow. Taking a break for a year from the game and all the new content R* added makes it feel all new. Welcome home GTAV to the best gaming platform of all time. XD Side note: anyone moaning they cant launch the game, first go here
game-hours: 36.5
review: and second change that negative review to a positive one.
game-hours: 7.4
review: After playing GTA 5 on Ps3 and Ps4 the PC version is probably the best one out of three.
game-hours: 33.7
review: Everything you ever wished for is in here. 10/10
game-hours: 47.7
review: Rockstar did an absolute amazing job porting, and optimizing this game for PC. The graphics are amazing, and I've had zero issues, even since the release date. I strongly recommend this game for any GTA fan out there on the PC!
game-hours: 13.6
review: Doesn't launch. Getting refund.
game-hours: 8.7
review: Sorry I was busy downvoting the zero ratings on Metacritic. BTW, freaking 99/100 on Metacritic, so yeah. So far, incredible. Amazing. This runs smoother (and of course looks way better) than GTA 4 on my machine. Now that is optimization The depth in this environment is something I have never seen in any game ever. Have been playing GTA since the first one in the 1990's This has been worth the wait.
game-hours: 10.4
review: Got shot, hid from cops, passed the time watching Princess Robot Bubble Gum. 11/10
game-hours: 14.9
review: 10 out of 10 Would die over and over again.
game-hours: 39.9
review: O M G Best GTA EVER! I'm sorry Kyrat, I'm moving to Los Santos again. Nothing they promissed is missing. Thanks Rockstar, worth every penny!
game-hours: 56.1
review: can't go bowling with my cousin roman 0/10
game-hours: 73.7
review: Alot games don't really excite me these days - getting tired of poor physics and graphics. But gta v has been one of the most enjoyable games i've played in a while. Personally tho, there is one con, there's no ads sensitivity setting. Any game trying to pull off fps gameplay needs to know that fps players need the ads setting!
game-hours: 33.7
review: amazing, everything i have hoped for runs wonderfully.
game-hours: 65.1
review: blyad simulator, 11/10, would vodka again
game-hours: 25.6
review: Best game ever 10 out of 10
game-hours: 58.7
review: minimum
game-hours: 42.5
review: With the last incarnation of GTA on PC (GTA 4) i was very dubious with this purchase, but it was a great purchase in the end, be it with a few les here and there. It might have took a few hours for the last chunk of the game to be installed with it being unpacked and installed but it is just as good as the max payne 3 port and runs smooth on my i5 3570k and amd 7950 3gb. the only time i experience noticeable fps drops is during high speed driving and im sure with a few graphical tweaks in game in regards to texture quality it will improve. all in all a good purchase.
game-hours: 109.1
review: 5+
game-hours: 38.9
review: 60 fps at any settings... Having so much fun, and I generally don't like real-life kind of games, or cars or shooters, but this is spectacular! I just wish they made fantasy themed games this high quality too. There was so much work and effort put into this game and it's very evident once you play it. One of VERY few titles worth the full price and probably more. 10/10
game-hours: 12.7
review: I cannot recommend this game for anyone, as after the release date being pushed back, The game still does not work at launch. or 72 hours after launch. So now I am supposed to re download this game on my desktop that I never use anymore, instead of playing it on my much ****ing nicer laptop. Thanks rockstar.
game-hours: 51.6
review: Great game and worth every penny. Some people are having trouble running it but I think most of that is their rig so ignore those bad reviews. Ignore the haters! You will not get a better AAA title for the money. DLC? "This game does not have DLC" Hooray!
game-hours: 107.1
review: good for gamers!
game-hours: 35.7
review: THIS GAME MAKES MY WEINER ROCK HARD. ROCKSTAR HARD.
game-hours: 65.6
review: All dees es complaining about crashes, I haven't crashed once. P.S. If you're playing on Mobile Architecture, its your own fault that you have to restart your drivers to play. I mean seriously, in' mobile architecture.
game-hours: 22.1
review: do you like sitting in the clouds and looking down on cities? this is the game for you.
game-hours: 1.8
review: Can't play for more than 20 minutes at a time in Online, and can't get to the point where I can save in singleplayer. Somehow STILL not ready to be released after all this wait. If I could get a refund, I would. What a ing waste.
game-hours: 53.6
review: The game its self is very very good. a huge improvement to the peasents beta test. ****WARNING**** AMD USERS BEWARE IT HATES OUR GUTS THE  DONT WORK RIGHT!!!! just warning you. it does work but there are some frame issues. and no its not my PC trust me.......my friends that are AMD users as well are also having issues.
game-hours: 33.4
review: I would write a proper review, but... THE GAME DOESN'T LAUNCH!!!
game-hours: 16.9
review: +
game-hours: 3.8
review: I cant even start it . Well done , Rockstar !
game-hours: 59.4
review: 10/10
game-hours: 49.3
review: worst service ever..pre-ordered 2 weeks early..still locked out of social club..never even got to play the game..never trust anything on steam..they deliberatly sell and promote games that they either know are full of cheaters or dont even work at all..total scam site..been using it for years and they are always stealing from people..i could tell you stories of their theivery that would curl your toes..buy nothing from steam
game-hours: 21.4
review: Not Bad But For My Laptop Why Is Not Working :'( There's Never Show Up For Rockstar Games Launcher On My Laptop
game-hours: 13.0
review: So I bought GTA 5 for PC :), drove up a hill, met a jaguar, punched it in first person. 10/10 GOY.
game-hours: 38.4
review: Greate game, funny, interesting, however eats a lot of ram and Trevor often s you in the eye.
game-hours: 10.8
review: runs great on minimum requirements. -i3 processior (3.2ghz) -HD 4400 graphics integrated gpu -5GB ram i can run on low at 30fps also AMAZING game.
game-hours: 93.1
review: yes
game-hours: 49.2
review: It's never too late for GTA. Every aspect of PC version seems fine, good work Rockstar!
game-hours: 34.5
review: Absolutely stellar pc version. Finally a game that makes full use of my computer's specs to deliver outstanding fidelity at silk smooth framerates. Currently running this fully maxed at 1080p and getting 80-90 fps on a 780 ti. Mouse and keyboard integration is flawless allowing for full enjoyment of the game's ridiculously fun gunplay. One look at the options menu and you can really see how much love went into the pc version. Overall perfect release, no complaints. It's pretty depressing though that this is not the norm and we have to contend with shetties like Ubisoft constantly making our hardware feel useless with their garbage optimized ports.
game-hours: 58.9
review: TL/DR : Perfect, stable, extrem fun and awesome optimized. Now a little bit more detail... +Great singleplayer storyline +Many activities like playing Tennis (just as good as playing a standalone Tennis simulation!), doing Yoga (if thats your thing), stealing cars, robbing stores, participate in races on the street or on dirt, doing "Heists" with a group of friends (in MP) or with your KI-controlled Team (no stupid KI), getting drunk doing Yoga AFTER a set of Tennis and much, much more. +All vehicles are feeling nice to use with a nice way to control via mouse+keyboard (wasd + num-pad). +Many guns/weapons in gerneral (all of them can be modified) even thou the gunplay isn't that good. +Multi-Charakter Story with each being completly different + special abilities. +Cops are (finaly) a threat! Onto the technical point, i am using a gaminglaptop with the following stats : GeForce GTX 880m i7-4810MQ @ 2.80GHz 16 GB Ram Game is installed on a SSD. I am able to play @ 60 FPS/1080p with highest settings (MSAA @ 2x). So this game is very well optimized. In about 24h Gameplay i didn't face ANY crash or gamebreaking bug.
game-hours: 26.1
review: I have an problem starting it,can't even start it and it just says Loading,after I signed in at Social Club,any one else having the same issue? please if Rockstar isn't fixing it and you know it Post it on their website because I don't know if they will,Other wise it is probably a good game
game-hours: 84.9
review: Its aight (i will prob have 3000 hours on this)
game-hours: 24.5
review: From what I've seen in video's the game looks great, however for me it's not launching at all, when I click play it says im in game for a very short time then nothing, it doesn't launch and it says I'm no longer in game so until this is fixed I can't recommend this game.
game-hours: 34.5
review: This game is absolutely without a doubt amazing on PC. Ultra settings above 60 fps at 99,9% of the time. The only thing that feels very weird for me are some of the controls. Example: flying. I've never flown in a game with numbers before. But after getting used to it it's all good. Would recommend.
game-hours: 22.2
review: Rockstar did a fantastic job on this. The game is well optimized compared to GTA:IV and once mods come out for this game there shouldn't be much crashes (hopefully) due to the optimizations.
game-hours: 64.1
review: Absolutely love the series. Grand Theft Auto V is, in my opinion, Best yet. Very interested in seeing what developers come up with for this game. Would love to see the police incooperated a little more. Maybe in ambient scenes where your driving and they are performing a traffic stop or something along those lines. Also very anxious to see a zombie DLC as im sure alot of GTA lovers are. One issue with the steam version of GTA V I noticed. When attempting to buy a Shark card using steam credit. Accessing the the Social Club Store page using the ingame interface the game locks after clicking the "Check Out" button you then experience a "infinite Loading screen" and also freezing the characters movement if the interface is closed. All ambient enviroments continue as normal however you are not able to move. After hitting the "ALT+CTRL+DEL" and killing the game process and/or ending the task a social club window pops up allowing you to use steam credit to make the ingame social club store purchase. After clicking the "Authorize button" the transaction doesnt finalize. The game has so many different activities whether in the Story Mode or GTA Online. If not attempting 100% for the complete game completion then the game becomes more enjoyable in the Closed online sessions with friends. If the player does not have that many friends that play on their PC then the Online Heists become very limited as the Second heist that you progress to requires FOUR players. Due to the nature of the regular GTA Online Gamer; its "far and few between" that you find someone friendly enough to assist you and not trying to back stab you. The online experience is then diminished even more so in public matches that will go unfortunately uncorrected due to elaborate construction of the online world. Consistantly you will have to try to avoid other players in attempts not to be shot/ killed or your newly purchased and modified vehicle to be blown up or all of the above. Nevertheless this is an awesome game with a very addictive story line and game play.
game-hours: 48.2
review: I preordered this game and on release date it doesn't even ing work. I didnt want to pay this much for playing loading screen simulator.
game-hours: 45.9
review: If you only own a keyboard/mouse combo (or plan to only use one) GTA is ready to frustate you. GTA loves to throw you into the deep end without prep time, wether it's driving, shooting, diving or flying. Flying however is the worst, with default PC controls being an unworkable nightmare that also happens to be delivered while being shot at. From my current perspective flying in GTA V is about -10 of fun and there is no excuse for it. It isn't just dedicated flying titles that do it better, like World of Warplanes, but also so called rivals - where one presume Rockstar paid at least cursory attention to - like the Saints Row entries 3 and 4. They all can boast better control schemes right out of the box and that makes the poor performance of GTA on this front all the sadder. I'm now off to see if that gamepad I bought for emergencies is any better at not hitting the virtual ground but even it is - why the hell do I need to install an entirely new input mechanism when there a several AAA title that don't need it ? Steering planes on a PC isn't some new and arcane art.
game-hours: 16.0
review: i open the game and social club just says loading, and i had it overnight 12 hours and still loading and mt account does not contain any foreign letters
game-hours: 89.3
review: Accidentally punched a lady on the phone when I was looking at my feet. Got 1 star. Ran away. Cops found me. Kept running. Cops followed. Cop gets hit by bus. Officer down. Get 3 stars. Run into convinience store. Accidentally had gun out. Owner shoots at me. I shotgun his crotch. Ran over, stabbed him, hammered his corpse. Took the money, and the snacks I came for. Still have 3 stars. Accidentally drive onto airport. Get 5 stars. Look for a jet to take. No jet. Try to hop into commercial airline. Cops blow up my car and accidentally blows up their own helicopter at the same time. Helicopter wreckage falls and hits me. 10/10 I hope i never learn this game. This is a fantastic game with great single player (I havent tried multiplayer yet, except for on PS3). Now a couple things: Pros: -One of the best stories ever made -Every. Single. Character. Is expertly crafted and has great dialogue -Details of the environment run very deep -Side quests are fantastic -Accessable on  PC's -First person mode is THE  -Great length story Cons: -Graphics were overstated in screenshots but still looks fantastic -If you want it to look better than ps3 or ps4 you need to have a moderately good computer -Driving is slightly more difficult than with a controller but can be learned over some time -If you don't like driving in the game, (idk why you wouldnt), just a warning, you have to drive a lot to get to missions
game-hours: 18.4
review: i so fantastic in your life you must play it
game-hours: 45.9
review: just incredible, rockstar social club is the only downside but doesn't interfere with playing, the game itself is just.... incredible, really well planned, great story, superb charakters and voice acting, it's kinda like a movie, 10/10
game-hours: 57.1
review: I dont know how to say, but totally i love the game,
game-hours: 74.5
review: Nothing says "GTA" like hitting an exotic motorcycle into a wooden post and getting launched 70 feet into the air straight up, and surviving the fall, just to be ran over by a reckless NPC, all in glorious first person. 9.5/10
game-hours: 34.5
review: There is only one thing I can say about this game, 11/10 Legendary ! - Well optimized - Great Graphics - 60 FPS fluency - Great Gameplay Best value for every penny ! ;)
game-hours: 27.7
review: Amazing, Perfect, Couldn't recommend the gameplay experience more.
game-hours: 57.3
review: Loading Screen Simulator 2015 (For online, that is) Seriously though, ever since my mom first banned GTA from my brothers and mine game collection, its been a favorite of mine. GTA 5 is the ultimate GTA. Everything annoying in the old games is gone, and just the right amount of realism is there. Story mode is great and takes years to beat, and online mode is basically a second, more personal customized story mode. I just wish it hadnt taken so long to come out.. But hey, perfect things need a lot of polish ^-^
game-hours: 42.5
review: Magnifikt!
game-hours: 30.5
review: Haven't enjoyed a Game this much in a while... you can easily loose track of time when playing this game 10/10
game-hours: 12.0
review: The storyline is awesome. Game runs smooth and nothing really to say bad about! 9/10
game-hours: 1.3
review: COMPLETE JOKE CANT USE ACTIVATION CODE SUPPLIED THROUGH STEAM FOR THE GAME CANT GET SUPPORT BUT IT TELLS ME I HAVE PLAYED GAME WHEN I DONT EVEN KNOW HOW TO GET IT TO ACCEPT CODE BLOODY JOKE DONT BUY IT
game-hours: 42.3
review: I killed a few hundred people in the subway, did some cocaine deliveries then had sex with pretty much every hooker in town just before I beat them to death, I later came home to play GTA V and found out that it was alright. 10/10 would mug again.
game-hours: 68.9
review: This game is amazing. 10/10
game-hours: 54.2
review: The single player is very robust and runs as smooth as silk without a hiccup. The game is a breath of fresh air compared to how Grand Theft Auto IV ran on PC. No more GFWL and optimisation issues. The Rockstar editor is also a very agreeable addition. However, the online from my experience is somewhat negligent. I have experienced 2 game breaking bugs: for the first one; the entire screen freezes except for the mini-map, for the second; the game sometimes gets stuck in an infinite loading sequence. In both of these scenarios, I ultimately have to shut the game down via the task manager. Overall I am quite impressed, but also completely confounded by how unstable the online can be at times; especially considering the copious amounts of time Rockstar had to perfect this game on PC. I will rate this game as an 8.5 for now. My opinion will very likely increase if Rockstar remedies the online issues and as more enjoyable mods arrive.
game-hours: 127.7
review: Best graphics on PC, they go as realistic as it is possible with current hardware. Framerate is awesome. Few bugs here and there, memory leak, connection issues that might frustrate living  out of you, but nothing that won't be fixed in a month. Menus are a bit confusing, but nothing is that perfect.. As for gameplay.. only in this game you can just drive around, see 2 guys next to their broken car, stop next to them and with thought 'need any help?' approach them just so that one of them would tell you 'wanna loose some teeth?!' and punch you.
game-hours: 56.9
review: Nhu cac
game-hours: 30.6
review: ok this game is the best open world game but the problem is it not well optimize.i get the same fps as gta4 launch.ps i play on max setting in 1080p
game-hours: 7.9
review: Great game, I really enjoyed the storyline and it was lots of fun all the time. The only thing I think you should consider when purchasing this game is.. do you really want to pay 59.99 for a game that is 2 years old?
game-hours: 9.3
review: Searously rockstar why the hell wount you release a game that does not launch.
game-hours: 56.6
review: It's like GTA IV minus the I
game-hours: 30.3
review: It is pretty buggy but rather then that good game
game-hours: 49.4
review: PERTAMAXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX CENDOLNYA
game-hours: 44.8
review: Well optimized version of the game we all know and love!
game-hours: 25.5
review: This game keeps crashing and i cant even enjoy it.
game-hours: 57.8
review: Waited years for this game to finally be released on PC, only to spend what already seems like years trying to get the game running properly. I was blessed to actually have the damn thing run on my computer, only to find that I get constant stutter on my mid-end gaming pc, no matter what settings I put it to. I have done countless things both in game and out to try and get it to run smooth at 60 on ANY SETTING, Sadly this seems like an unachievable goal thanks to poor optimization for any computer that isn't over the top and super pricy. I can get smooth 60 frames when playing for the first while, then slowly my game will degrade over time (stuttering) until it is totally unplayable, even as I sit here with the game in the background, typing this review on steam lags to an extreme degree. I will finish this off by listing my specs for you guys to see; GTX660 2 GB VRAM MSI OC to 1150mhz (350.12 Drivers), 8 GB 1333mhz RAM, 1TB Harddrive (Hitachi HDS721010CLA332), I7 2600s @ 2.80ghz. If this rig isn't enough to run the game at 60fps smooth with the lowest settings, Rockstar you really did mess up your optimization.... Its not even that the game doesn't run at 60fps, its that there is this constant stutter that worsens the longer you play. I can run the game at 60fps and it does truly look stunning, however the stutter that is constant and never ending is what pulls me out of the immersion and really pisses me off.
game-hours: 45.2
review: As near perfection as a game can get.
game-hours: 9.8
review: The game is good. The graphics are a little much for my little graphics card. But it is a good game.
game-hours: 19.3
review: 10/10 would pay full price again for something I've beaten on a peasant box
game-hours: 22.8
review: Grymt Grymt sa grisen,
game-hours: 51.0
review: 9/10 Lost cars when transferring character, Rockstar has my ticket about it though.
game-hours: 55.8
review: GREAT OPTIMZATION & GREAT PORT This game ran perfectly on day 1 release and it has not given me any problems at all. I'm also very surprised that the Rockstar Cloud servers didn't get rekt on day 1. This port really opened my eyes to how great this game really is. I have 23 days clocked on GTA V Online for Xbox 360 @ level 190 but finally abandoned it due to the lack of new engaging features. Now I am able to play this at constant 60 FPS on Ultra settings on my PC. My brain is still tickled over the FPS view since I never got to experience it until now.
game-hours: 90.3
review: So I've had a good chance to play the game now. And I am really impressed on how it's turned out. Graphically, it's insane. It's really really stunning. Driving along the coast at sunset with your own music on the radio. can't complain really. I think it has been worth the wait. Glad it's here. Will be totting up some more hours of online fun. Can't wait to see any new additions to the game, such as mods and any new content. For me, it scores a grand 9/10 With every game ever released. There's always room for a little more! :)
game-hours: 39.9
review: grand theft auto v stopped working
game-hours: 48.2
review: I would like to meet with Trevor Philips in real life. ++
game-hours: 59.0
review: Crash Simulator 2015 Problem Event Name: APPCRASH Application Name: GTA5.exe
game-hours: 41.2
review: I've had the game for 2 days and have 26 hours put into it. I've literally poured half my life into it since buying. No ragrets.
game-hours: 69.4
review: Tried all fixes; the game does not start. Hardware is over the recommended specifications. The most expensive desktop icon I've ever bought, but at least it comes with a free 61GB of useless data, just in case you're not enticed by the desktop icon alone. Edit: completely uninstalling firewall fixed the issue. Changed the recommendation to yes, even though this fix shouldn't be necessary to play the game. Game itself is 10/10
game-hours: 69.4
review: Tried all fixes; the game does not start. Hardware is over the recommended specifications. The most expensive desktop icon I've ever bought, but at least it comes with a free 61GB of useless data, just in case you're not enticed by the desktop icon alone. Edit: completely uninstalling firewall fixed the issue. Changed the recommendation to yes, even though this fix shouldn't be necessary to play the game. Game itself is 10/10
game-hours: 21.2
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 10.5
review: Love this game way too much! Only thing is that it's a bit tricky to get use to on keyboard and mouse vs. a controller. Thinks I'll stick with the controller lol.
game-hours: 31.1
review: still crashes when i try to launch game, fix it
game-hours: 30.6
review: Fantastic PC port, well worth the wait.
game-hours: 35.1
review: People dislike the game because it is the same as on consoles, just with better graphics. Maybe people on PC just want to play the game too. It's a new experience compared to the consoles even if the gameplay is the same.
game-hours: 14.9
review: Finished the game on PS3 a while ago, but for the PC version: + I expected first person mode to be a gimmick that wasn't really functional, but it works well. Even taking cover during combat works in first person mode. The movement controls also become "standard FPS" controls, e.g. your character moves at a running speed by default and sprints when you press shift, whereas in third person mode your character will walk by default rather than run. + Performance is surprisingly good. On a single GTX 970, I am running the game maxed at 1920x1080 and the frame rate has never dropped below 60 FPS. If I remove my 60 FPS frame rate cap, it's usually hovering 70+. Seems like Rockstar learned from GTA4's poor optimization on PC. The graphics quality : performance ratio is very good. + Lots of graphics options. + M+KB controls are much better than GTA4. All menus work well with the mouse. + High frame rate support for high refresh rate monitors. - Mouse input seems to have no acceleration, but is tied to frame rate, so you need a constant frame rate for consistent mouse input. If your frame rate changes your mouse speed can become stupidly fast or very slow. - Rockstar Social Club is still a thing, rather than being fully integrated with Steam. Haven't had any crashes or issues yet, but I've just started. Overall seems like a high quality port, especially compared to the last one.
game-hours: 8.9
review: Complte just no, linking doesn't work. When I did on Rockstar it just ate it up and now since they don't have support I got nothing yay :D
game-hours: 24.4
review: Great game, LOTS of bugs at the first launch. Including FPS drops on a decent computer, please push out an optimization patch to fix this. :D
game-hours: 9.9
review: 11/10 best game ever!
game-hours: 28.4
review: Glory, pure Glory...60fps glory
game-hours: 40.9
review: GTA 5 is one of the re-release games that is woth buying this game is well optimized unlike GTA 4 and has some new features of course first person being the best one goes to show little things make big diffrences i will update this review further later
game-hours: 16.4
review: The game is great! I already bought it 3 times.......(xbox 360, ps4, and now pc). Although it doesnt seem it was 100% ready for release seeing many cant even get it to start, hell i have to disable my nvidia graphics card to get it to start......lol. Other than that ive been enjoying the game.
game-hours: 52.1
review: One of the best games Rockstar North has published. It's well thought out and planned from the beginning to where the game stands now. The game is enjoyable through many interactions you may see in real life. Just don't get hit by a car you should be fine. :)
game-hours: 33.8
review: While the graphics are supurb, the environment amazing, and the story is really good so far, I'm really getting annoyed by all the language. It's getting to be rediculous. So many words in the english dictionary and it's just swear after swear and then... more swearing.
game-hours: 11.5
review: It's the best version of the best GTA game. What else needs to be said?
game-hours: 38.9
review: The game crashes constantly. I have tinkered with all of my settings and my PC should easily be able to handle it. I cannot recommend this product as it is simply not working for me.
game-hours: 13.7
review: es good
game-hours: 30.0
review: Strang...When I transfered my character over from XBox. He had small lines all over him. Looked like a human zebra. Anyone else having this???
game-hours: 48.8
review: Deciding to take a break from the daily grind of robbing people and commiting selfish acts of violence in substantial proportions I decided to do a little bike ride to the beach one morning. I hopped on my motorcycle and began driving it along the gorgeous coast. The sun was bright, the sky was crystal blue and the breeze was flowing ever so gently through my hair. Upon arriving at the Pier I pulled my bike over and parked it next to an old burger joint. I saw that the handicap spot was the only one available so I took. I figured handicap people don't have fun at the beach anyway so why let the space go to waste. As I walked onto the sand I was greeted by the nicest people I have ever met. Some said "f*ck you" while others were simply repulsed by my beauty and ran away. I know my physical attractiveness and sharp manly appearance can be too much for one to handle, especially the ladies, so I accepted their social ackwardness toward me. After enjoying the serenity of the beach and its patrons I headed toward the pier to check out the festivities and maybe get a beer at the local pub. Walking there was amazing and littered with so many diverse people. I ran into some druggies, a hillbilly, dead beat dads and some bros who just finished working out. All of them showed an agressive attitude toward me but I simply assoicated that with my strikingly good looks. They must of seen it as an immediate threat as tons of gorgeous women were around me. I continued to walk down the pier to the end to discover a guy named Xhit123 or something of that nature. He was standing on the railing just over the water. It must of been a 100 foot drop to the ocean. As I approached he quickly blurted out, "Stay back! Stay back or I'll do it! I'll jump!". Immediately my pleasent day has turned into a life saving venture. I think back to when my friend attempted to get a full body tatoo and I talked him out of it. "You don't want to do this." I replied. "I have no choice! My kids f*cking hate me and I caught my wife banging another dude." He said, I responded gently, seeing that he was on edge a little. "Why don't you come down from there and I will get you a beer. We can even play a round of darts and I will be on YOUR team. How does that sound?" He paused for a moment before stepping down. He said, "Let's get drunk." "Let's." I said. So a beautiful day turned magical as I met a new drinking buddy. Only in GTA V. Damn I love this game.
game-hours: 12.7
review: Slow, full of bugs, a complete ripoff IMO!
game-hours: 28.2
review: Quite simply the best game in the entirety of humanity's existence. BUY IT. NOW. Just waitin' for Oculus Rift in order to wholly encapsulate my life within this magnificent creation. 420/13,800,000,000 Gr8 St8k M8 R8 Gr8 4 B8
game-hours: 19.3
review: Honestly the most difficult game I have ever had to deal with, and sadly I have even avoided most of the major issues. It loads about one fourth of the time and the other 75% it provides the annoyances and frustrations that I can only imagine be rivaled by a barbedwire laced power drill rapeing my nostrils. Seriously considering a refund.
game-hours: 16.6
review: Great game Good FPS Optimized well No problems have occured yet
game-hours: 7.4
review: Broken at launch. woo
game-hours: 12.2
review: TOO GOOD
game-hours: 47.4
review: this game makes me harder than a rock
game-hours: 14.7
review: While the game has a lot of additional features added for the PC release, I expected a far more stable product after waiting 18 months. It crashes nearly constently even with a powerful system. The crashes have been so prevalent I haven't been able to progress anywhere in the storyline due to it crashsing roughly every 5 minutes. You can practically set your clock by how regularly this game will freeze or crash. Very similar to the GTAIV port. Honestly if you want to enjoy GTAV, you'd be better off buying a console that can run it competently instead of the PC version. I feel honestly like I wasted sixty dollars on this game because, in all reality, I can't play it. If I could, I'd ask for a refund from Steam because it in reality its a defunctional product incapable of delivering what it promised. Not sure why I thought this would be different from IV's port, but its the exact same. You can set all the graphics options as low as they'll go and the game will still crash on a regular basis. Avoid the PC version at all costs. I mean even if a buddy you vaguely know has the game on a console, you're better off playing it that way than playing the PC version. At least the console versions work. Defective product. Terrible customer service. I've lost a lot of respect for Rockstar. Even if you have no other way to play the game, avoid the PC version, because its not a game, its an application that crashes more than a Malaysian Airliner.
game-hours: 13.0
review: The only game you would buy 3 times.
game-hours: 48.6
review: The game is well optimised..even my low end pc *underlocked* can handle it :) I really want to upload my custom clan emblem..but it's been patched :(
game-hours: 19.6
review: Incompatible with laptop computers without a semi-complicated workaround that involves turning the GPU off and turning it back on before the game loads. Unfinished game.
game-hours: 52.0
review: Couldn't get my account back from console just bcuz the first letter in my pw was in capitals(fk u R*), bye best everything and lvl 80 character :( But anyways the game is great, if u haven't played the console version this is a must-get. Game runs perfect max settings 1920x1080 on a i5 4690k,gtx 970 and 8gb ram The game floats like a butterfly, stings like a bee, runs so fast even console peasants can`t see.
game-hours: 9.9
review: This game had a few release day hiccups, but no where near as many as some games. The hiccups included some unpacking errors and some other bugs involving Rockstars Social Club, however these are easily fixed or you just have to wait a ad longer to play the game. My initial impressions were; The graphics are AMAZING, lots of customizable options (key bindings, graphical settings ect), the game runs at a butery smooth 60 FPS (even on A pentum CPU and a GTX 760 FTW) at mostly high - maximum settings. However I have experienced a few bugs, which prevented my car from moving, however this is the only bug I have encountered. Pros; 1) Graphics 2)Runs on not to good hardware very well 3)60 FPS 4)Key bindings and lots of customization 5)High resolution and multi monitor support (4k - 3 monitors) Cons; 1)Release day hiccups (not a big deal) 2)A few bugs (not many though) So all in all this game is brilliant on the PC, I love it more than ever now and it looks amazing.
game-hours: 52.6
review: You must buy this game.Very optimized,Lots of fun,Great Time Waster.
game-hours: 31.4
review: GET THIS
game-hours: 90.2
review: I get 60fps but i need the graphics at very low settings. besides that, no issues, got the driver. Yeah get the game.
game-hours: 38.3
review: 10/10 Will download for 3 days agian
game-hours: 19.4
review: The openworld beauty that was awesome on consoles is now even greater on the PC I totaly recomend this game on the master platform to veterans of Gta and new players just make sure your PC packs a punch.
game-hours: 23.8
review: I will write a substantial review once I finish watching Daredevil on Netflix while periodically trying to actually get into the game since it won't even get past the "Play GTA window". Daredevil: One of the best shows on at the moment. 10/10
game-hours: 53.4
review: yup donate my fisrt blood lol
game-hours: 23.0
review: Does not function - DOES NOT FUNCTION - I REPEAT! DOES NOT FUNCTION That's right - you waited about two years for GTA 5 - the game that sold more copys then the TITANIC - does that mean rockstar (after several delays mind you) The game does not launch, and there are hundreds of thousands of people who can't play due to several different errors. Yup RockStar likes your money, not you.
game-hours: 17.8
review: you can play this game all day long and wanna live in LOs f***ing santos * great characters * great gameplay * great story * great job to show respect to older characters from previous games of the series ( except killing them :) * great graphics * great *ng huge open world map * great cars , great tuning * great job rockstar keep 'em coming give it a try 10/10
game-hours: 48.5
review: Wait years for this to come out on PC. Spend $70 pre-ordering, spend hours preloading. All for what? Jack F**king sh*t. Once you click play, "The Social Club" launcher or whatever the F it is pops up and says loading (Good so far amirite?) 5 seconds into loading, it stops working and closes. There and probably thousands, if not more with this problem and the only thing Rockstar comes up with is telling people (myself included) that our PC account names will prevent us from playing. Well I've always had an A-Z account name. So it sure as sh*t isn't that. I would recommend this game if you could still get your pre order money back. Sadly, you can't. Hype Simulator 2015
game-hours: 17.7
review: I had some crashes , but they will get fixed =)
game-hours: 24.9
review: Really big improvements over the console version i love it The ULTIMATE GTA game!!!
game-hours: 86.9
review: I became a Scientologist and stole a lot of money right from Xenu's .
game-hours: 3.0
review: I get insane lagspikes on GTX 660
game-hours: 25.8
review: You can add meme text to photos you take 10/10
game-hours: 31.7
review: 10/10 Pleases Arman. Arman is 1 with the game and such will spare it. Arman go to strip club. Arman  stripers. Arman like to take nice pics. <3
game-hours: 85.3
review: 1\10 payed 60$ for nothing dosnt work rockstar  on me in my mouth great time 10/10 ign
game-hours: 20.9
review: I'm unable to review the game since I'm stuck on a loading screen after the prologue. After walking through a door (20 seconds into the game) the screen goes black and nothing happens. Very disappointed with this release.
game-hours: 79.6
review: This game is superbly ported. If you haven't played it on PC, then you've never truly played the game the way it's meant to be played. I am surprised of how this game run incredibly smooth and it just look amazing!
game-hours: 93.3
review: When i play this game a feel butterflies in my pelvic area
game-hours: 4.7
review: It's a good game but without steam workshop and stability issues I don't think I can bring myself to buy this since I already own it for the 360. That's not to even touch on launch day issues which is totally inexcusable for a game that came out in 2013 and has been waiting this long for a PC release that has been promised for so long.
game-hours: 47.2
review: 100
game-hours: 9.0
review: Meh. Its K.
game-hours: 23.5
review: Brilliant game, Graphics are incredible, can run on very high settings! Only had a problem trying to play the game at first but sorted it in the end
game-hours: 9.2
review: Amazing graphics and game. Few bugs on release, benchmark tool not working, fps drops sometimes, especially with lots of grass and trees around. Early days, though, id hope these minor issues get fixed but so far 9/10! Well worth the wait and effort from Rockstar.
game-hours: 47.2
review: I want my money back. Take the game back.
game-hours: 63.0
review: Play online Grand theft loading screen
game-hours: 61.4
review: nice
game-hours: 90.8
review: I can't Play my Key says Already in Use and now my Account is Locked. Edit 1: At the beginning I couldn't play by two days. But Rockstar Support Fix my Bug Thanks you "Ale S." Rockstar Supporter.
game-hours: 33.5
review: This is my favorite GTA since Vice City. Characters so far are awesome and the world is absurdly immersive. The performance is surprisingly good out of the gate and I suspect its only going to get better with future updates. Please buy this game and support Rockstar and our platform!!!
game-hours: 75.3
review: best game !!!!
game-hours: 0.4
review: I paid good money for the ing game just to give me problems in installation...
game-hours: 21.2
review: "Say Goodbye to School Simulator 2015" 10/10 would ditch school everyday
game-hours: 31.0
review: The game itself is great. I get a lot of ing stutter, tho. So, be careful.
game-hours: 7.9
review: Grand Theft Auto V, is an amazing and beautiful game, with my MSI GTX 970. However, I'm not sure if it's my processor, which is an i5 4670k, but I'm experiencing some random frame rate drops, when it reaches 120 fps, and it goes down to 40 fps. Sometimes, it reaches 30fps. in certain areas. There is no reason, on why it does do this, and is there an explaination on how can change anything, to make it play smooth? Even if I don't get constant 120 fps, at least 90-115fps would do just fine... Anyone want too help?
game-hours: 35.9
review: Hey all! First off, I want to start by saying that I DO NOT IN ANY SHAPE OR FORM ADVISE YOU GETTING THIS GAME First of all. Crashes. This games has incredibly bad crashing and freezing issues. Like every 10 - 20 minutes I get the following error message 'GTA V Has stopped working' And yes. I have tried EVERYTHING. I have spent the last 3 days; solid, trying to make this game work. This is the only issue that I am experiencing however there are countless players experinces issues along the following lines FPS Drops even on good systems Random crashing and freezing Social Club wont start or crashes Game won't even download hwne you click the download button These are some of the most popular bugs that people are postng online and it seems that the PC players that can play without fault are few and far between. Don't get me wrong. With what I have played of this game. It's bloody amazing. I run the game at Very High settings at 60fps and its absoutley stunning. The game is great and the online is full of fun. However due to the nature of the bugs annd how many of them there are I really wouldn't get this game right now. Rockstar has only formally addressed 2 of atleast 10 GAME BREAKING bugs. All current players can do is sit, wait and hope it gets fixed. Litteraly. I love GTA. Played every game. But right now, If I could get my money back... I would Do not buy this game right now. Wait a few months untill all the serious bugs have been fixed
game-hours: 24.7
review: 11/10 would reinstall windows again to fix the launcher
game-hours: 24.7
review: 11/10 would reinstall windows again to fix the launcher
game-hours: 4.8
review: it,s a verry god game ps rockstar is the king
game-hours: 16.7
review: Fails to start if you are using a laptop, however, for now you can disable your video card start the game then re enable it and it will work fine. Game looks amazing and first person adds a whole new level to driving around like a mad man. I have owned GTAV for 360 and Xbox one, both had a lot of problems at launch and was pretty much un playable for the first few weeks. PC had a bit of a rough launch because a good few people cant play, however, I have never once been disconnected from a game, or had problems joining friends. Once you have it running everything is near perfect. I would also note though, that if you turn your graphics up real high and your pc cant handle it you will see a lot of input lag making it really really hard to drive. If your having troubble try lowering some settings.
game-hours: 56.5
review: One of best free roam games to date. Awesome performance and tons of option makes this one of best experiences ever. Also 60FPS and above on a lot of configs <3 Both singelplayer and multiplayer provides tons of fun and sillines! For most of enjoyment highly recommend playing GTA:O with friends! Highly recommended!
game-hours: 52.5
review: The optimization of this game is wonderful, there is no lag, no frames skips and none of that type of thing. The level of detail on the "normal" texture quality setting is surprisingly amazing will be difficult to manage all those screenshots :P
game-hours: 85.6
review: This is the best game ever!!! I can drive a real airplane now!! 100% GRAPHICS 100% FUN 100% STRATEGY 100% HAPPINESS 100% ALL 100/100
game-hours: 73.3
review: I've had this on my PS3 and PS4, needless to say those versions run like , this one doesn't.
game-hours: 46.3
review: Incredible game, according to a lot of people.. majority of my friends included. Too bad I can't play it, because the game refuses to launch and theres no hotfixes or patches in sight. The hour I've spent with this game is staring at loading screens for social club. Rockstar is silent, which doesn't really help the case. I am happy that they decided to extend the refund period at least because they sold me and a lot of people a broken game that doesn't even start.
game-hours: 25.2
review: Great game does need some more work on FPS atm. I notice you can get 59 fps here and then drop down turn when around to 20 FPS in alot areas ! Missions are alot fun they added some new ones and the combate is better then console also ! I still cant wait for mods in this game to come out ! The online is just like a MMO also 10/10
game-hours: 26.8
review: Everyting has now changed since I last wrote this review AMD have came out with a driver (15.4 beta) I would suggest downloading it if you have AMD GPU or CPU It helps ALOT with your FPS I went from 18 FPS in the main city to now having a sold 60 FPS. (I still won't recommend AMD tho) Everything else with the game is just GREAT! Apart from the fact they have have made modding very hard which sucks. Over all i would recommend this game to anyone or everyone!
game-hours: 59.5
review: Holy ing  this is worth everything
game-hours: 23.2
review: 10/10 racist cops. Would get shot at for saying hi to an officer as Franklin again :(
game-hours: 21.1
review: Absolutely amazing, the graphics are beautiful too, thank f*@# for lens flare XD
game-hours: 65.5
review: Haven't done jack  in this game... even though it says I've played it for .3 hours... why? Because I don't know how Rockstar's account linking OR password reset works... getting really damn irritated I honestly don't know if I'd reccomend this game.
game-hours: 28.7
review: 69/10 Would Buy again xD #<3firstperson
game-hours: 26.4
review: Absolutely amazing! Easily the best title in my Steam library. Though it would be perfect if Rockstar fixed the launcher issue for mobile GPUs and add an in-game display scaling / downsampling option for those with integrated Intel GPU - as of current the scaling doesn't work properly on native resolution.
game-hours: 82.3
review: Great port of the console counter-parts. There are things that could be polished up, but they aren't, by any means, gamebreaking. The game looks unbelievable on max settings.
game-hours: 34.7
review: I recomned this game. but i cant play it for an unknown reason. I open it and it crashes. its quite depressing. People say to disable my gpu but that is probably a lie. help
game-hours: 12.1
review: FUN GAME! I own on all systems. Online doesnt seem to work though and their are already problems that have been found
game-hours: 62.0
review: Wowee Grand Theft  V is pretty coolios 10/10 -My mum
game-hours: 141.5
review: I was apprehensive at first but the launch went more smoothly than any other I've seen. Pre-loading worked great. Even that small issue at the start with people not being able to play the game with them having "strange characters" wasn't an issue for me, (The space in my username did not trigger any abnormalities) I can say as far as I am concerned that Rockstar delivered what was promised. I've had an impeccable initial experience and I pre-loaded and waited for launch. Everything worked as promised. Happy to have spent the money even though Rockstar kept us, the PC Master Race out of the loop until now. I'd say the wait was worth it.
game-hours: 30.9
review: Very good but I would recomend a controller
game-hours: 48.9
review: Uterly amazing well worth the wait. Looks awesome and Runs Great !!!!
game-hours: 28.1
review: 9/10 Would wait 5 years again.
game-hours: 82.2
review: This game is great on single player and multiplayer. Textures are... meh. (Nothing a few texture pack mods can't fix.) And my 970 runs it well... right up to the point where I crash around 3hrs or less. 8/8 it's gr8 m8. Would crash again...
game-hours: 19.2
review: We're Back in Action!
game-hours: 14.0
review: Truly beautiful, this game is a testament to what a good $1000 and up PC is capable of doing. I pre-loaded this game with ease onto a 240gb SSD, FYI if you have a 120gb SSD you will need to dedicate a large portion of the drive just for this game. I have a GTX 780 with the latest GTA V driver and have not encountered a single graphical or gameplay bug. This game should and will work perfectly assuming your computer is well made and not some pre-built Bestbuy PC.
game-hours: 24.5
review: Amazing
game-hours: 11.4
review: I played this game for 100s of hours on the Xbox 360, and let me say this is the ultimate version. The game added tons of new content (songs, cars, clothing, weapons, im pretty sure even new dialouge), it looks great, and it is a really good port (i know some people are having problems getting it working but once you do it runs well) which is even more impressive considering its a Rockstar game, who isnt a company known for great ports.
game-hours: 55.8
review: Its GTA, what do you expect
game-hours: 25.4
review: Well.... i can't stand all those fake postive posts. but it is the first day i'll give it awhile but, so far only story mode is playable. tried transfering over my online character, i think it might of worked, but it said servers are down. so i'll give it awhile. but from hear from friends there crashing everytime on their launcher. so will see. So far i'll say this wins a place in the est launch day hall of fame. but lets see, hopefully online will be playable in couple hours.
game-hours: 49.2
review: I love this game. It runs brilliantly on my system.
game-hours: 52.3
review: 1/10. Flip flops don't flop in GTA :O. Rockstar plz. In all seriousness this is the best version of GTA yet, less than 10 seconds to load into GTA O or GTA SP from either or, and only about 15seconds to load into the game on first launch. 9/10 loading screens. Graphic settings is amazing, you can control pretty much everything about this game. Only drawback is no matter how high it is reflects still look like  in cars. Textures and grass/water looks amazing 8/10 graphics. Combat is so much smoother than peasent boxes, way easier to aim while driving, or just aiming in general is a hell of a lot easier 10/10. Keybindings can be a bit weird but nothing too off. Being able to do anything you want without having to move your hand off of WASD is pretty nice. All in all i give this version of GTA V 9/10 . WAY WAY WAY better than peasent box versions.
game-hours: 0.8
review: My rockstar account is locked for failed attempts when it was the correct password gg ing hell and there is nothing saying how to unlock it
game-hours: 40.8
review: No point in writing a review about a game everyone already knows everything about. It's a ing brilliant game, and it plays wonderfully on pc. Buy it now.
game-hours: 17.1
review: Wow. Such beauty. Very detailed. Many FPS. Wow.
game-hours: 48.1
review: Waited forever for this 42/10
game-hours: 31.7
review: Download Simulator 2015 11/10 would download again
game-hours: 28.3
review: Good Game
game-hours: 54.6
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 65.7
review: Very well optimized, runs very well on my GTX 660 SC, and the director mode is freaking awesome.
game-hours: 97.7
review: smoked some crazy dank n went to war with the aliens. 10/10.
game-hours: 90.1
review: unnecessary lag 10/10 :D
game-hours: 22.4
review: oh baby that is one optimized port. also the game is really good. mods.
game-hours: 26.3
review: Jogo extremamente otimizado no PC, rodando a 4K com apenas uma GTX 980! Nem comparao com o IV que at hoje eu sofro para rodar, recomendo de olhos fechados!
game-hours: 33.0
review: Noice, A HUGE improvement on an already amazing game
game-hours: 5.4
review: I've owned the game since release in 2013 on Xbox 360. Enjoyed it well enough to land it again on the PC. This really makes use of all hardware across the board. It's funny how well this game functions as opposed to predecessors. GTA IV simply wasn't optimized for heavier builds I guess. 60fps helps a lot, and it looks fantastic. This isn't just a simple port. Price may or may not drop during the seasonal sales, but I found it perfectly worth retail.
game-hours: 13.8
review: How do I link steam to the rockstar social club to play the game?
game-hours: 8.3
review: Here is my issue with the game, please help:
game-hours: 47.3
review: pc masterrace for the win 10/10
game-hours: 20.2
review: Well, seeing as this game isn't launching for a great deal many people, I can't give it anything but a negative rating. You dun goofed, rockstar. Would love to play this, but apparently that isnt in the cards.
game-hours: 17.6
review: Downloading: 5.5 hours Unpacking & Installing: 1 hour Crashing into other people and not getting arrested for it because the cops don't do jack: Priceless
game-hours: 20.3
review: 10/10 Would Buy Again
game-hours: 68.8
review: Amazing
game-hours: 45.8
review: GTA has finally came. Not much more to say besides pressing the "Add to Cart" button.
game-hours: 9.5
review: Like Skyrim with wheels.
game-hours: 32.8
review: GET REKT M8888 10/10
game-hours: 53.9
review: EPIC.
game-hours: 36.9
review: After playing over 30 days in gta Online for the ps3, all I can say is it's Amazing. 10/10
game-hours: 26.6
review: Only about 3 hours in but so far game is awesome, I was quite surprised to find the controls were set up very well for driving and shooting so smoothly, graphics are x10 better than the xbox, if you dont have this game you need to!
game-hours: 42.9
review: Whether you come from the Old gen, the current gen or maybe your even a new comer to the game, the beautiful graphics, the AMAZING optimization that can let you run it on a potato at 60 FPS and the great Rockstar Editor only some of the many reasons you should get GTA V, even if you already own it.
game-hours: 98.7
review: The best pc game I've ever played, it runs smoothly even though it has OUTSTANDING graphics and the AI is wonderful, so in online. It's just a 10/10
game-hours: 66.1
review: Worth $60.
game-hours: 110.1
review: Worth the wait, really good game.
game-hours: 76.2
review: Man, i have been waiting for this ever since. And i already love it. 10/10.
game-hours: 33.2
review: This game is just perfect. The graphics are amazing, and with astounding performance. My PC shouldn't be able to run max settings under and circumstances yet somehow I can and keep a very stable 60+ framerate. This game is detailed beyond belief, the developers put in every single detail, no matter how small they are and it adds the nicest touch to the game, making it that much better. The First Person mode was done brilliantly. They went to the largest extent possible, adding in great animations and a variety of options. The options for first person go beyond the extent of some other fps games, adding in things like head bob control, and an FOV slider, which many of the Modern Military Shooters today simply don't have. Get this game, it's worth well above $60. The build quality on everything in this game is just amazing. The developers obviously put a lot of hard work into the game, and you should support them.
game-hours: 6.5
review: 10/10 Very good port run smooth on my old laptop
game-hours: 61.3
review: 10/10 would unpack for 40minutes again
game-hours: 39.2
review: cant even play the ing game. 10/10 - IGN but srs i keep getting an error called err_gen_input_2
game-hours: 21.5
review: Outstanding port, looks amazing, plays amazing.
game-hours: 70.3
review: "9/11, it's okay" - IGN
game-hours: 28.9
review: Game runs great. Its worth the $60. Also if you ever have performance issues turn grass and particle effects down.
game-hours: 8.5
review: Slow loading don't buy it. Just kidding this game is awesome. But the loads are still slow.
game-hours: 32.9
review: I have this on console and I decided to buy it on here because I wanted to play it with friends. I must say it is a great game and the first person gameplay is amazing, from doing missions down to the team deatmatch! This is a must buy even if you have played it on console, pc version outshines console. 10 out of 10 rockstar!
game-hours: 13.1
review: Let me tell you a story about GTA 5 / Online... Here we go... On my first time driving around in GTA Online I decided to do my first robbery of a gas station. I strolled into the Gas Station, and politely aimed my gun at the attendant and started asking him to put the money in a bag. When all of this was done, I went to leave the gas station to find that some other player parked their SUV against the door so I couldn't get out. I looked at the situation for a second to realize there was C4 strapped to the rear bumper... bang... it goes off, I die, and the guy drives off on my motorcycle. 10/10 would get blown up again robbing a store.
game-hours: 36.0
review: Yeaaa is the best!!!! but driving cars is sucks and so unreal...
game-hours: 41.3
review: Rednecks Call You Dickshit. 10/10
game-hours: 13.6
review: The game works perfectly for me, with 2 minor crashes in the first hour when i was messing with graphic options. The game is greatly optimised as expected, and may even become better optimimised when woth dx12! I can recommend it at least, it's a great and fun game!
game-hours: 21.2
review: Do some tutorial missions then automatically see a cat and kick it 11/10
game-hours: 10.3
review: hi there i got problem when i updating my gta 5 if somebody can help me please to solve this problem??thanks
game-hours: 30.0
review: 10/10 would fail classes again
game-hours: 18.1
review: amazing graphics, good gameplay, works better with a controller
game-hours: 8.9
review: So Tight. PC Rulz.
game-hours: 65.8
review: Who the hell cares about what i think it's GTA V
game-hours: 54.4
review: good port, fun game. only issue ive encountered thus far is mouse acceleration and load times.
game-hours: 14.5
review: if i need to review for you to buy this you need to die!
game-hours: 29.0
review: They fixed the social club errors.. YAY!
game-hours: 24.3
review: All I want to say is: THE GLORIOUS PC MASTER RACE 60 FPS 4K 3D Lord GabeN
game-hours: 27.3
review: BUYER BEWARE: if you are an average gamer that does not have more than or eaqual to 3gb graphics card the game will look horrible, you must havea graphics card to play but it must be a spendy one because the xbox 360 verson of this game looks better then the pc version for me, im so sad i wasted $60 on this hopeing for better graphics but am now out $60 and very dissapointed.
game-hours: 67.5
review: Best game of all time.
game-hours: 17.5
review: I fell in love with a girl walking down Main Street. She was wearing a pink top and had just the cutest blond hair. I was really nervous about approaching her; what if she didn't even want to talk to me? When I finally built up the courage, I began walking towards her. Well, it was actually more of a brisk walk, a run you might say, which turned out to be a mistake because I ended up knocking her into the street accidently. Before I could apologize she got hit by a dump truck. I stole the truck and drove it into the ocean where I drowned, both in the water and in my grief. I'll never forget you Bernice~ 10/10 would reload save
game-hours: 8.0
review: Finally on PC (Waited for years) Welp, Before it was announce to be sell on Steam I can't wait so I buy PS4 what do I expect for PC? 1.Kids screaming 2.Racist people 3.Lobby wars 4.Trolling everywhere 5.Hacker 6.Scammer 7.Noobs This is what I met on PS4 do you think it will happen on PC? Who knows? [But I like the bonus tho :D]
game-hours: 48.9
review: This game is really good. First off the game is a little pricy but worth it in the end. Runs great at max settings, yes it lags sometimes but other then that props to Rockstar Games and T2.
game-hours: 36.0
review: !!! BEST GAME EVER !!!
game-hours: 66.7
review: be papared to get ed over
game-hours: 45.5
review: Unpack Simulator 2015
game-hours: 18.4
review: The game it's self is great we all know that but WHAT THE  how could the luanch kill one of the best games ever made. Its been out for a few hours and I already hate how the tards deal with this its crap...SMH
game-hours: 36.4
review: I would wait the two years again to just feel this moment again, the game runs like a charm. So far experinced very little and the scenery is stunning. The city feels livley and real right down to the nail of hitting someone with the car and watchin them fly over the windshield. This is a highly polished product that deserves your money. Will update if any issues occur but for now 10/10
game-hours: 80.5
review: LOVE THAT GAME :3
game-hours: 53.0
review: AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING, running at high settings on a ing 2g 750ti and it looks so amazing, lap dances in 1st person is really nice, i really feel like this game was worth the wait and im so excited for university to end so ill never have to look at a real human beeing again
game-hours: 14.9
review: Day 1 can't play crash, crash and more crashes. Updated my drivers, disabled my antivirus and every other thing you can do to make this POS work and still crash crash crash. The definitive GTAV on PC, except made by a company that doesnt play test. There work around is if you rename has special characters make a new account in windows, what the hell kind of programming is that. My name doesn't and it still doesnt work. F U rock star you azzhats. The best part about this is you can't even ask for feedback they blocked all the people who are using twitter to complain how bad they suck. Then when you use their own site you have to be a member for a month before you can post anything. Gee sounds convenient that you cant flame a game they so epically Fed up AGAIN!!! This is the exact reason people steal your games because you  never have anything work on day 1, we have to wait a month before you let us play test your crappy programmed product. Yes there are work around, turn off your antivirus, rename your user ID on your computer, and reinstall several OTHER software products. Where the hell did you guys learn to program?
game-hours: 72.6
review: is good
game-hours: 8.3
review: this error stuff is really making mme angry refund
game-hours: 10.7
review: A masterpiece of gaming. A true epic.
game-hours: 60.2
review: freaking epic
game-hours: 95.2
review: Just a perfect game, especially on the PC platform, Way better than i anticipated, the very long wait for the game was really worth it!
game-hours: 31.6
review: Killed a cat 10/11 would bang again. But seriously, first game I have preordered in years and it did not dissappoint.
game-hours: 76.0
review: It is the masterpiece everyone said it was. Rockstar does it again. Unmissable.
game-hours: 47.4
review: Getting hit by a traffic light 10/10 would do a backflip again
game-hours: 32.6
review: If you've ever dreamed of going to the movies, and having the movie tell you to press some buttons to get from scene to scene, then GTA V will make your dreams come true. 9/10 Movie 4/10 Gameplay I'd recommend this game if it was cheaper, but it's not worth $60. #BuyersRemorse
game-hours: 50.0
review: Run's great almost a consant 60 fps on high settings. GTX 760 AMD 1090T Phenom II 4Ghz 16GB Ram 240 GB SDD.
game-hours: 106.5
review: Best ever!
game-hours: 24.8
review: AMAZING GAME! Btw I RLYE WANNA WIN THE GTA PC
game-hours: 36.1
review: Save your money
game-hours: 48.8
review: Just awesome. That year waiting was totally worth it! If you consider buying it, DO IT RIGHT NOW! You wont Regret! Firt day 10 hours of gaming in a row...
game-hours: 94.9
review: game runs very smooth with decent mid range specs (hd 7950 boost, i5 2400). haven't had any issues even at launch and the graphics are amazing.
game-hours: 21.1
review: I have like 6 years old pc and Im running it on 1920x1080 res on 30FPS. This game is really good optimized and I love it. One of the best games I ever played :D
game-hours: 46.3
review: Alright, when you request help at rockstar. they help. You got issues they will help you. Now the game is a great game you should get it 10/10
game-hours: 38.0
review: Lives up to the hype, and runs on a system under the minimum specs. Solid 30fps on an i3 4130 dual core, 8 gigs of ram, and my dated Gforce GTX 550 ti (on low/normal settings).
game-hours: 27.0
review: Fun as heck. Big improvement from ze consoles.
game-hours: 2.1
review: You know how it says i've played 2 hours of this game well I hav'nt. Just trying over and over again to launch the game, I bet the game is really good and I hope a update comes out soon that will let me play and if one does I will play for a real 2 hours then give it a true review. But until that time comes it will always be my 60$ copy of Game Launching Simulator 2015. 10/10 would excessively launch again
game-hours: 1.9
review: I cant play my GTA V because i linked the wrong social club account to my steam account seems like a prob that could easily be fixed but nooooooooo rockstar made the link permanent i just blew 60$ because im stupid but i Know i cant be the only one who has done this
game-hours: 16.8
review: Awesome
game-hours: 18.9
review: The main problem' is the time. GTA V IG : 10min // IRL time = 5h This game is amazing !
game-hours: 50.0
review: 50+ hour interactive movie that you can enjoy at your own pace - in one of the most open and beautifully detailed playing environments you can get in a modern game.
game-hours: 1.2
review: wrong cd key wtf
game-hours: 43.3
review: the game is buggy as hell, and sometimes hard to play because of it. this isnt what i waited a year and a half for... but im rating it up because its a good game and very fun to play. if they fix the bugs and glitches i would be super happy
game-hours: 32.6
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 69.7
review: Very glitchy at the start of multiplayer (a bit iffy, took a while to connect etc), and a bad system for playing missions in singleplayer if you don't know what you're doing (new to GTA) and not easy to start playing immediatly. As long as you know what you're doing, it's great. The graphics are amazing, and the gameplay (after learning everything) is actually really good. This review was at launch, and compared to the previous launches they were a disaster, but this was not. 10/10 game. I love it.
game-hours: 72.5
review: after waiting many months for this game..... then wait an addition 4 days to play (cause a loading error with social club), i can finally play the game and be as destructive as possible... also i was glad i was able to transfer my PS3 characters and maintain my previous progress (big plus)
game-hours: 35.1
review: Give over a year to port this to pc, and did a horrible job. Brought bugs and crashes, wait for a update that fixes it then buy
game-hours: 59.6
review: I loved this game on the 360, but I love it even more now. The increase in graphics and fps makes the game so much more enjoyable, and the better controls (keybaord and mouse) make the gameplay much easier to use. There is also a lot more that has been added from the version I previously played also, increased amount of songs, increased amount of vehicles. The game is just absolutely amazing. 1000000000/10 for the PC release, shame it took nearly 2 years from the original release.
game-hours: 25.3
review: Ok so this is another hard one to recommend but I'm going to for the Single Player only! (yeah... right.) Single Players great for the hour I get before I crash due to Rockstar signing me out for inactivity... Multiplayer is brilliant if you have friends... public is ing terrible and should be avoided like the plague... another thing I hate is the bad rep system.. if you quit jobs early or act like an  they force you to play with other 12 year old  stains and you know the worst part about that? (it sounds awesome right? no) theworst part is the game crashes so ing much it punishes you by giving you bad rep... so pray you don't crash to desktop as 90% of players are doing online else you'll have to play with the s and shall be branded an .. Rockstar I don't appreciate being punished (and having my name I use in other games tarnished) from your own mistakes... fixthis  asap! Buy this for Simgle Player only! I cannot recommend it right now but will be absolutely willing to reassess AFTER a few more months.. and if you do buy it don't use your name from other games you  ;)
game-hours: 26.0
review: Does not work after the 1.01 patch. The game hangs every time I try to go beyond the main menu.
game-hours: 54.7
review: cool
game-hours: 36.1
review: Years past, and finally bought GTA V. Sometimes get random crashes, loading issues bla bla.. but i dont care. Still 10/10. Everytime i started the game i enjoy a lot. Totaly deserves the money..
game-hours: 18.4
review: GLORY TO THE PC MASTER RACE! ALL FOR SHAMUS! 9/10
game-hours: 22.6
review: This game is totally piece of . I can't play i have an i7 4690k + GTX 970 + 16GB RAM DDR3 running OS Win 7 64Bits. ERROR: ERR_GFX_D3D_INIT Alot of people do have this problem if you google for it. And they are not making anything to help their customers.
game-hours: 14.7
review: Oh look an update wait still crashes.... Grand Theft Auto V Launcher Has Stopped Working Bought the game today installed it can't get passed social club havent played it at all yet it says ive played for 30minutes....
game-hours: 35.2
review: I don't even get the intsall prompt after I download when I press play. I've tried every workaround I could find but nothing works. edit: yay they fixed it, it "only" took 4 days.
game-hours: 19.5
review: Life Simulator with no life consequences 10/10
game-hours: 17.4
review: It is dope.
game-hours: 51.7
review: Completely reconmend this game although I have found I problem when signing on to your game and not registering your email it doesn't let you use the store if anyone has figured away around this please add me (I have registered my email now) but besides that I have found no other issues 100% perfect worth every penny
game-hours: 70.3
review: Best game ever made toyally worth the pc edition
game-hours: 34.8
review: Finally!! GTA V happen to me.
game-hours: 30.7
review: I love it, what a great port. Runs a thousand times better than GTA 4. Good job Rockstar Games, tis better than chimichangas!
game-hours: 27.7
review: Worth the wait.
game-hours: 4.9
review: Game doesnt work.Forever stuck in social club loadout.Waste of 40$
game-hours: 34.1
review: Incredible
game-hours: 83.1
review: its awesome game and addicting,the city looks more alive than ever befor
game-hours: 29.7
review: One of the best games ever made. 10/10
game-hours: 60.8
review: UM CU! NEM ATIVA ESSA  DA PRA ATIVA VAI PRO INFERNO ROCKSTART FELA DA  INFERNO! MEIA HORA PRA BAIXA 200 MEGA INFERNO! DISGRAA!
game-hours: 44.0
review: runs smooth, looks great. well optimized and fun.
game-hours: 27.4
review: Maybe I will change my review later but it is ridiculous that I have paid 60 dollars for something that will not load correctly. At this point do not buy this unless you want rockstar to give you excuses and fixes that do not work instead of a game.
game-hours: 15.4
review: It took me so long to right this almost 17 months and I can now say it is well worth the wait!
game-hours: 71.0
review: wow, extremely optimized - great port
game-hours: 19.5
review: Boner Achieved. Slaying noobs in 60 fps is the best! Can I just say its much nicer to aim and actually be able to headshot with a mouse!
game-hours: 21.7
review: Amazeballs
game-hours: 17.0
review: very good game
game-hours: 23.2
review: SHIIT JUST GOT REAL AWESOMEMEST GAME SO FAR BY ROCKSTAR LOL !!!!!!!!
game-hours: 5.9
review: Wont let me log in keeps saying this acount has been locked is there a cool down time for this? its been about a hour.
game-hours: 33.4
review: I can  a hooker in first person. 10/10
game-hours: 38.4
review: So comfy.
game-hours: 30.8
review: Loading screen simulater 2015. 11/10
game-hours: 39.5
review: Garbage Port, dont buy unless you have a really good rig. online is even worse very unstable, the game has crahsed atleast 10 times on me. getting really sick of this. 2 damn years rockstar fix it
game-hours: 5.3
review: Okay, for the mature audiences of course, let me start by saying that this game is truly amazing. The graphics on this game are amazingly beautiful, and I am not even playing it at 1080p. I have a whole 720p resolution and still think that this game is gorgeous. The gameplay is smooth, and highly addicting. This game though has two complaints from me. A.) I play this game with an Xbox One controller and from time to time I have to unplug it and plug it back in because it will begin to not respond but simply stick as if I were holding RT or LT. It's minor and something that a patch down the road will probably fix, so no worries there. B.) The only other complaint that I have in this game is that when using the self radio feature (note that I have the music option turned all the way up) the music is very difficult to hear, it isn't as loud and nice as the other channels, I am not sure if this is just for me or anyone else, but that is just a minor complaint. I give this game a 9/10 only because of my two complaints. Strongly recommend one trying this game out, because I can almost guarentee you will greatly enjoy it with great satisfaction. And if you are wondering if you can run this game, probably so. When I asked, everyone said "you will only get low seconds 30ish fps even though it is at 720p. Well I can prove them wrong, because for me this game is running at 45-50ish fps at high settings at 720p. Here is my system specs if you want to compare to if you can run this game. I strongly recommend you have something close to this at a minimum. SPECS: AMD FX-6350 MSI GTX 750ti TF OC Edition MSI 970 GAMING MOTHERBOARD G.SKILL RIPJAWS X 8gb (2x4gb) 320gb WD CAVIAR BLUE HDD
game-hours: 72.5
review: This version blows the console versions out of the water, great visuals and high framerates make this much more enjoyable then the next-gen versions. GTA Online works for the most part, it worked on day one and the only issue I have had it losing connection sometimes but it is only after being in a session for a few hours. I have had some crashing issues, three times in 35+ hours but this is before any patches have been released, i'm sure they will fix the crashes now that tons of error reports are being submitted. Some people say the game will not start for them at all, I have been able to, luckily, play since the game lauched. A user on reddit posted a fix for my crashing and it was to disable v-sync, that seems to have fixed the problem. (I had horrible screen tearing so I now force with Nvidia Control Panel) GTX 970 + 4670k, I get around 80-100 fps on very-high settings with MSAA off.
game-hours: 88.0
review: Hands down one of the best games I have ever played.
game-hours: 6.4
review: This game is cool. BUT rockstar still hasn't fixed the problem of Intel/AMD laptop start issue for almost a week and give NO offical reply on rockstar forum.
game-hours: 66.7
review: Overall a pretty good port from Console to PC. DEFINITELY much better than GTA:IV was. Graphics are outstanding, Online Multiplayer is significantly better than GTA:IV (no crashes, no major de-syncs, and the map is still mostly functional!). The storyline itself is good too. Wide variety of weapons to use, and with customizations for vehicles and weapons, the game is extremely versatile. Can't wait for mods!
game-hours: 13.8
review: Nice game
game-hours: 32.1
review: Not real life 10/10
game-hours: 19.4
review: i leik it
game-hours: 113.7
review: I have played extensively since its pc release....all i can say is wow and that everyone should own this game no matter what.
game-hours: 0.9
review: launcherR
game-hours: 28.3
review: This comes with a whole package full of TV thats still better to watch and cheaper than your monthly cable/satellite bill. Oh and game runs great!
game-hours: 89.1
review: Game is great the thing is the servers don't have west or east coast server, and the bad thing is we are playing with russians. chinese, japanese, people around the world, when they host a game we lag like  while they don't lag at all
game-hours: 27.9
review: I flew a plane into a tunnel. Half way boom. Apprently destroyed car someone was travelling across city for. Rage rage Rageeeee But it was epic flying until a truck got in my way. Right?
game-hours: 74.9
review: WTF is a console?
game-hours: 17.0
review: ummm...just played and yank it. Game is 9/10 and story is 10/10.
game-hours: 39.9
review: Best of the best!
game-hours: 36.7
review: An absolutely stunning game. Highly recommended.
game-hours: 6.1
review: Outstanding, had a bit of a problem when trying to create a social club account, the pesky STEAM box with code was in the way of the link account "Ok" box. Amazing graphics so detailed at 4K, great story and so much fun, have not tried online mode yet but should be good.
game-hours: 15.5
review: Can't get past the benchmark mission. 10/10 fun challenge
game-hours: 17.9
review: awsum work rockstar gameplay is smooth better graphics ^_^ it was worth waiting for this game feels lik heaven
game-hours: 2.9
review: Maybe release a game that actually launches.
game-hours: 117.5
review: GTA V for PC has broken many records, most of all. I personally would give this game a 10/10! its visually amazing and so far safe and cheat free! If you want the best experience try playing with the settings maxed out, and play singleplayer for a while! the storyline is AMAZING! one of the best in my opinion! try it out, Please and make sure to play Story first!
game-hours: 41.1
review: Fantastic Port of a Great Game, well worth the very long gap for PC players! Runs amazingly. Buy and enjoy this masterpiece.
game-hours: 50.1
review: Truly amazing, the wait was worth it!
game-hours: 84.3
review: Franklin smoking weed while watching Fame or Shame 11/10 would play
game-hours: 40.3
review: Who releases a game three times and smashes records doing it? Rockstar. Simply put, GTA V is the kind of game you will always leave installed and play a few hours a week. Remember Tony Hawk's games? I always left it in my PlayStation just because I knew when I wanted to play games, that's the first one I'd start with. That's exactly that kind of game. I bought it two times, and never looked back on any seconds of it. More than 300 hours on PlayStation, and I'm starting it all over again just because of how amazing this game is. Get it now! Whoever doesn't take the time to enjoy this masterpiece don't deserve to be a gamer.
game-hours: 44.2
review: I've been playing this on console since it's release back in September of '13. Still fun to play and I still have not seen all there is to see. I learn new things about the game all the time. Oh man the 60fps is amazing coming from a regular 30.
game-hours: 17.8
review: While I was initially on the fence about buying this game, having a load of my friends planning to play it on release pulled me over and made me buy it. In hindsight, I shouldn't have done that, a waste of 60 Euros. Gameplay wise, it's decent. It's the standard GTA gameplay that we're all used to, but it's starting to show its age. Sure, the game looks good, but all that comes at a price. 60GB install is killer, and to top it all off, I had to do it twice (that's Steam's fault, but still, 60 is a LOT). It also causes loading times to be insanely long which can be irritating if you have to load stuff again and again and again. But that's still manageable, the real downsides are FAR more irritating. To start off, the game forces you to go through the prologue in single player and then some incredibly obscure (in the sense of, you know what it is) tutorials before you're even ALLOWED to play with your friends in multiplayer. Really? Furthermore, getting together with your friends in the game is an absolute nightmare. Seriously Rockstar, what part of "Good User Interface" do you not understand? A decent interface is one where you can instinctively find any and all options and do everything you want without having to go through whatever else, not what we have right now. For a game that flaunts its multiplayer aspect like this one does, it disappoints horribly. To start a special game session (invite only, crew only,...), you need to go to the Offline part of the game, in order to then start the online bit again, which is accompanied by a long load time every single time. Furthermore, connection issues are rampant, people get dropped randomly, most of the time when going into a job, only those that joined you in it will rejoin you in an open session leaving the others stranded and having to connect again... The list goes on. On top of that, they didn't bother implementing support for anything else but a gamepad or keyboard/mouse. Joystick owners everywhere are annoyed with you now. On a side note, I'm horribly disappointed that Rockstar decided to implement "silly" things such as tennis, or golf, but didn't bother to implement Oculus Rift, or even TrackIR support. Both of which can make the game incredibly more immersive and enjoyable to play for a relative minimum of effort required. Instead, we get the following quote: "We see no reason to innovate in terms of business models. We prefer to be a fast follower. No one else can make our intellectual property -- only we can. I'm happy to have other people spend loads of dough on R&D." This coming from one of the most successful game companies in the business nowadays, who are rolling in money so to speak, refusing to innovate. Instead preferring to just milking out their franchise to get even more money while they wait. And the worst part of it is that this is a recurring thing in today's gaming industry. All in all, I'm very much disappointed, even though my expectations were low to start. I'd give this game a 5.5/10, merely due to the fact that it makes it such a frustrating experience due to the interface and matchmaking. Had that been well done, the game would've received a solid 8.5/10 from me, but sadly enough, this isn't the case. This is the last time I will be buying a product from Rockstar and I strongly recommend you do the same and don't buy this game, or any other game from this company.
game-hours: 13.4
review: It was really really good and then it got revoked from my account because the guy i bought it from did a chargeback on his credit card. I've sent a steam ticket to try and get it back but they probably wont respond for a while and even if they do I don't know if I'll even get the game or my 22 keys back. 10/10 The worst thing is it's all my fault
game-hours: 1.4
review: Can't say much till now....after 3 days me and some other milion peeps still can't play that  game :|
game-hours: 49.9
review: good game, great story and a decent multiplayer. there are plentiful bugs in online (long load times, heists failing to start/end, crashes, social club unable to launch the game, etc.) and there seems to be a problem with performance issues for the 970, 980, and Titan X (in Blaine County you gain around 30 fps when other cards shine thru, this is unacceptable). if you own these cards, don't buy it or wait till a patch fixes this, if you don't, go ahead and buy it.
game-hours: 7.8
review: This game finally works..AWESOME!!
game-hours: 2.6
review: WHY DO I HAVE TO TURN OFF MY F U CKING VIDEO CARD TO LOAD THIS F U CKING PIECE OF SH I T IN 800x600 LOW ALL? F U CK YOU UNLESS YOU FIX THIS F U CKING PROBLEM I WILL NOT EDIT THIS REVIEW B U LL SH I T
game-hours: 15.9
review: Opened up the game. Started playing. Loving the game <3 11/10 Best game ever!
game-hours: 132.9
review: This is no cheap port of an already critically aclaimed game; this will go down in history as THE definitive version of it and how GTA V should be played. Not only does the game look stunning, it also runs and plays well too! Even though my system is not top the line, I still can run it with constant 60 fps at 1080p which is surprising. Best port ever? Rockstar has done a bang up job and I could not be any more pleased with the results. GTA V is also extremely fun to play. Can't forget that! ;) 11/10 Buy it NOW if you haven't already, sheesh!
game-hours: 55.6
review: Best Game ever
game-hours: 29.1
review: An awesome game with a long story and fun to explore. very recommanded
game-hours: 33.2
review: Truly an astounding game. I havn't had any problems with it yet.
game-hours: 58.2
review: Grand Theft Auto,      . 10/10
game-hours: 23.7
review: After last update that fixed the issues with the launcher i have to change my opinion about the game. Everything now is perfect. Graphics are gorgeous and the game story rocks!! I recommend this game to everyone because its the biggest title on gaming.
game-hours: 27.4
review: This dope is so addictive that it consumes my life away. 10/10 stay out of trouble
game-hours: 30.5
review: 11/10
game-hours: 20.9
review: Best game evaaaaar
game-hours: 40.3
review: awesome.
game-hours: 11.5
review: Heard someone say "Yes I know Grandpa has a big D!ck" while beating a fat man up. Still looking for Grandpa 10/10
game-hours: 36.0
review: ITS NOTHING BUT A VERY F***** UP LAG SIM. SAVE YOUR MONEY. F*** YOU ROCKSTAR.
game-hours: 22.7
review: Bewbs
game-hours: 70.7
review: I spent two hours just unpacking the game, then another hour making a social freaking account that refused to let me verify it (Malformed My !) then spending another half hour trying to figure out why the launcher crashes every time I load it on single player. BUT BETTER YET.. YOUR DAMN WORK AROUND DOESN'T WORK! Fix your game and ill fix my review! I was so excited...
game-hours: 17.9
review: I do not own an Xbox or PS product. I have been waiting since the second this game came out to play it. I bought the game for PC on FEBUARY 1, 2015 as a birthday gift. I have sat though all the stupid delays for this game and now I am ready to play it. I downloaded they game and wasted a good 5 hours of my life. I try to get on only to see that the launcher does not work. Great Work! Delayed the game for over 2 months and they game doesn't even start. Wonderful! I have to disable my Firewall just to play this game and it still doesn't work. When am I going to get to play this game!?
game-hours: 86.1
review: Best game in the world :)
game-hours: 15.8
review: Better gameplay than on consoles.
game-hours: 1.2
review: why isnt this game working? this is ing . it crashes for me before it even loads. you had one job rockstar.
game-hours: 65.7
review: Game works fine, now  off, i have to play
game-hours: 56.1
review: Everything seems to work fine. Even my old GT240 managed to work well enough. I never asked for this, but even the worst possible graphics look insanely beautiful.
game-hours: 93.1
review: Perfeito, a otimizao ficou maravilhosa e, mesmo passando das opes recomendadas pro meu PC, rodou 45 - 60 fps lisinho. Melhor jogo instalado no meu PC. Parabns  Rockstar, PALMAS.
game-hours: 22.3
review: R   Dual graphics notebook simply can not enter the game. Tune into the only significant in game error stop work, integrated graphics direct black. R if you had any conscience would immediately push updates. Otherwise, you have so many players?!!!!
game-hours: 36.3
review: #GTAisRuiningMyLife
game-hours: 113.6
review: What can I say that hasn't been said before about GTA V? idk It's a great game and this is by far the best version. I played the 360 and One version and constantly was DC'd from Online. So far it's been flawless minus a few Memory crashes which I fixed by turning paging on. The Online is still fun as even and is running smooth surprising seeing as the console version have been out ~1.5 years and it's still dicey. This is by far one of my favorite games in a long time. I highly recommend this game's story or multiplayer to any TPS fan.
game-hours: 36.4
review: The Greatest GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 74.7
review: the wait is finely over...Playing this game maxed all the way out at 60FPS is nothing short of one of the most beautiful things ive ever seen in a video game...i crash my car in this game all the time from just looking around...animals look more realistic in this then in real life...R*star really did pull out all the stops in the title. This IS WHAT A REAL GAME SHOULD BE!! Walked up to a random woman walking a black pug. kicked the dog, the woman started attacking me. i punched her in the face and then a mexican stabbed me... 10/10 pug kicks R*Star Can you add Alienware AlienFX Support for this please! Would be so sick if my keyboard and lights responded. Have them flash Red and blue when having wanted level and have tempo and brightness change depending on level. when switching between Char. Franklin have the keyboard green, Trev orange ect...I think it would make the level of awesomeness i already for this title would be even Greater Thumbs this up if you agree =) Cheers and see you in the City
game-hours: 28.4
review: THIS IS A GOOD , SO BUY IT NOW!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 40.0
review: Real Life Simulator v9.201.7 too good to be true. 10/10
game-hours: 11.1
review: It's fun
game-hours: 33.3
review: 12 hours played in record. fine. spent 10 hours maybe more surfering with those F*CKING BUGS AND F*CKING CONNECTION PROBLEMS F*CK!!!!!!!!! this mind be the first time I SO SICK OF A SO wonderful game LIKE THIS Sh!t in nearly 15 years gaming life. thank you ! Rockstar!
game-hours: 53.0
review: Best PC port of all time, amazing gameplay, you need this game. I only had one issue after installing it was a corrupted file, it was fixed with the validation tool in steam within 20 minutes, not a deal breaker in any sense. I own the game on the 360 and have beat it twice, I started back in single player again and have not made it to multiplayer as of yet as the immersion is a fantastic experience. I'm sure the online portion is great I just have not wanted to tear myself away from story mode (for the third time)..
game-hours: 53.0
review: Best PC port of all time, amazing gameplay, you need this game. I only had one issue after installing it was a corrupted file, it was fixed with the validation tool in steam within 20 minutes, not a deal breaker in any sense. I own the game on the 360 and have beat it twice, I started back in single player again and have not made it to multiplayer as of yet as the immersion is a fantastic experience. I'm sure the online portion is great I just have not wanted to tear myself away from story mode (for the third time)..
game-hours: 64.4
review: OMFG! My highest scoring game of all time 98/100 I'm fortunate to be experiencing this maxed out in 4k res. It is by far, the best graphics i have ever seen in any game in my life! It doesn't end there. The gameplay is equally amazing too - It really is a stunning piece of work in every aspect! The bad points... Sometimes after getting killed during a heist, or pvp i don't respawn correctly. It stays stuck on a splash screen. If i try moving i can see myself moving on the mini map.. To be fair, this has only been out a couple of days on the PC.. I am aware of some people having a lot of problems with the game though - although it's not clear if their problems are with their system or the game. Highly recommended from me - especially if you've got a high end 4k gaming system
game-hours: 13.7
review: I pulled an old lady out of her car and beat her to death with a hammer. 8/8
game-hours: 12.6
review: ;)
game-hours: 19.4
review: awsome!!!!
game-hours: 46.5
review: Could be better. 9.5/10
game-hours: 76.5
review: If you're a GTA fan this is the version of GTA 5 you want. As someone that has hundreds of hours logged in the PS3 version of this game I'm literally stunned by how much better and more immersive the PC version is. 5 out of 5 stars to R* for doing a PC port the right way!
game-hours: 67.2
review: write a review? its GTA it speaks for it's self!
game-hours: 21.6
review: IT WORKS! FINALLY!
game-hours: 19.3
review: Too many bugs to be released, when you had us waiting for this long, you could at least make the god damn game ready, trying to get in to online and then i need to play the prolougue again because i changed some graphics settings... and i cant seem to find a way to skip it, i bought the game then let me f'ing play the god damn game, dont restrict me in anyway
game-hours: 48.2
review: Game plays so smooth. Best GTA yet.
game-hours: 53.5
review: This is my first time ever reviewing a game. I've come from console gaming to PC, which I've had this game on PS3. I can only say it's way much better I don't have super highend Graphics like most people do on here but I'm playing on high settings with 30 fps which is pretty good considering i'm not too worried about having mind blowing performance.
game-hours: 28.4
review: I was scared that it wouldn't work, because I still can't get GTA4 to play because of windows live errors. GTA 5 makes you log in through social club but its not nearly as bad. I have all the recommended specs and then some. The game is beautiful. I have the game on PS3 but haven't played it in so long that I'm ok with starting over. There are some new features - new cars, first person mode and online heists. I love 3rd person but 1st person feels extremely immersive, like you're in the city. I don't need to see the back of my character's head. Also shooting controls are great with a mouse. No need for auto aim. Driving is tough though. I do have a controller and its a lot better with that. To sum it up, the game runs great. NVIDIA came out with a driver last night, so I was good to go.
game-hours: 4.1
review: Amazing!
game-hours: 51.2
review: so like, just buy the game already
game-hours: 22.2
review: Really good game give it 9/10 but ofcourse its a little buggy at the start like all big games are but its a beautifull and fun game.
game-hours: 29.8
review: For some reson I can't start up my GTA V game can someone help me?
game-hours: 31.2
review: Best. Game. Ever.
game-hours: 25.9
review: Worth the wait and every penny spent. Rockstar nailed it with this PC release!
game-hours: 21.2
review: The game plays very well on my 3200 x 1800 monitor at high settings. No issues with the launch.
game-hours: 45.5
review: Had it on my Xbone and bought it for pc. Was worth the waiting. They really made a great port, the game works smoothly in 60 fps with best graphics on my not so great graphic card. The new features are nice and now that it got released on pc I can finally play with my friends (they don't have xbone).
game-hours: 44.4
review: THIS GAME IS AMAZING! I have waited for it to come out for pc since it release on the last gen consoles.. Thats like, 2 and a half years i was waiting!! And it was definitely worth the wait. For sure, the best version of GTA 5 availiable. 60fps is unreal, it feels like a whole new game compared to xbone, and xbox 360. I can't wait till mods start to release for this game. Still cant believe how beautiful this game is, i have only played for about 25 hours now, and have taked 250+ screenshots! Lol, all round great game.
game-hours: 43.3
review: Single player is awesome, I really hope they can bring back the Jazz radio (the one in GTA4, it's my favourite radio channel) Multiplayer is quite laggy at the moment (I know it is just released) Also, it automatically switches my character to another server when I'm on a mission. Lack of options on appearance (e.g. can't change body shape, clothes are not good looking as well....) Biggest issue is Heist, if one player leaves, the whole mission failed, it would be nice if the missing player is replaced by BOT. Also, everytime I died, my screen freezes and not be abled to play the restarted mission unless the host die as well. (sure Rock star will patch it in the furture) Overall an awesome game, 9/10 (would be 10/10 if they fix
game-hours: 21.9
review: Um i have... problem, can anyone else transfer their PS/Xbox character? I cant...
game-hours: 4.8
review: Decent game. Runs smoother, looks better.. on PC - imo.
game-hours: 87.9
review: The game is perfect. you should buy it because i like it! Trevor/10
game-hours: 53.9
review: Very nice port
game-hours: 30.5
review: THIS GAME NEEDS DEEZ NUTZ
game-hours: 53.4
review: GTA V single player might be fun but I haven't played it except to unlock online. I'm bored of GTA Online. Something about the level/money grind, random ai headshots that'll instantly kill you, and the sync system that would rather sync the random civilians, weather and traffic than position data across the internet. The fact it plays more like a tactical cover shooter yet 90% of missions are out in the open with tons of nothing between you and the enemy and the fact the online is kind of annoying in how you have to spend more time setting up a game with friends than it takes to join a bunch of random s. Also fps stutters which when tied to the problems of online play makes it a bigger mess.
game-hours: 39.1
review: The best game I've ever played. But the launcher is still broken. And the only way I can play is by disabiling my Graphics Card, starting the game, and hoping I can re-enable it before the Social Club loads. I have emailed, Facebook, and submitted a ticket to Rockstar, but not one response, no patch, nothing. They took my money, delayed the game, and STILL have not provided me with a finished, playable product. Again, I want my money back. Stay away for awhile until the game is patched and fully functional, otherwise risk all the current problems wreaking your experiance. The launcher is now functional for me, and as such, I can say get this game and play the **** out of it. Play it alone. Play it with friends. Play it with strangers.
game-hours: 16.1
review: Played the Xbox360 version and i thought that looked beautiful... This just makes that version look 16bit! Even if you played it first time around, this is well worth it as it's still one of the best games around and it's now stunning looking.
game-hours: 37.9
review: 10/10 +graphics +killing +explosives +online +s +heists what more do you need
game-hours: 4.3
review: You like gambling? Roll the dice to see if this game will work on your machine or not.
game-hours: 13.8
review: Day 2: Still no fix in sight. Game will still not launch and Rockstar  all over me once again. None of the fixes work plz healp ;( Updated: Finally after day 3 it will launch and it is amazing :D
game-hours: 43.3
review: Best game ever. Period.
game-hours: 41.0
review: So far great game! 10/10! At first I wasn't really into the whole 3 character story mode thing, but it eventually grew on me, and now I really like how the story is unveiled through different perspectives. It can also be a little confusing at first as to how to advance the story since there's sooo much to do in the game. Driving is fun in this game too! Each car handles a little differently and the first person mode makes it feel like another game in and of itself. Online mode is also really fun. It goes without saying, but of course heists go much better when you have friends to coordinate with, instead of random people doing their own thing. Not anyone's nor the game's fault, just something that is what it is, ya know de facto and all that jazz. So yeah, make your friends buy it too!!
game-hours: 35.5
review: Did I just rob a PayPal for this?
game-hours: 34.2
review: The best thing about this game is taking 10 hits of kush and passing out. 420/9/11 - Would take more hits.
game-hours: 1.2
review: Game says I don't have Directx 10 or 11 adapter or runtimes, which is BS because info provided by dxdiag says I'm running DirectX 11. I tried updating my DirectX but it also says I'm up to date... I really wanted to play this for PC, but if there's no update or fix for this in a couple weeks, then I guess I'm gonna blow another $60 so I can actually play it for my PS3.
game-hours: 62.0
review: Fantastic game! Endless fun. 3 days in and I have almost 24 hours of gameplay. Still not bored of it. When I do get bored, I just go on a killing rampage to see how long I can survive against the police.
game-hours: 38.5
review: What can I say... It's Grand Theft Auto! Who wouldn't buy this?!
game-hours: 48.3
review: This game is awesome. On my 670 I can run on normal textures with most everything else on high, no MSAA. Runs very smooth with FPS over 80. Looks absolutly amazing. Between single player and multiplayer this game has countless hours of enjoyment. Buy it NOW.
game-hours: 7.1
review: This is a fun and awesome game :).
game-hours: 24.4
review: Very good game, came with all the  that they realeased on 360 and other consoles and made just for PC. We know its a port, but it doesn't feel like a port, over all not a bad job.
game-hours: 33.5
review: its amazing, run pretty well on my overclocked fx 6300 and r7 260x.
game-hours: 42.1
review: Top :-) First it hasnt worked for me Reinstalled windows and everything now it came out the Patch and all is working
game-hours: 49.4
review: Well worth the wait. I've steered clear of this game since it came out on PS3 and 360 and even on my 7 year old gaming rig (which just meets the minimum spec) it plays beautifully. I couldn't be happier with the game. I'll be upgrading my rig soon so it will only get better. Plus the modders just cracked the game... here we go XD
game-hours: 34.4
review: fun as hell, except the hiest
game-hours: 30.0
review: My pc can barely run this game with a Gtx 460, 6gb ram and an 2.80Ghz cpu. But it's giving me more motivation to save up and upgrade my computer.
game-hours: 30.2
review: The multiplayer matchmaking is absolute garbage. Be prepared to spend 80% of your time in this game either loading, finding a free roam session with people actually in it, and looking for players for your game lobby. The best part is when someone disconnects from your Heist and you have to start the process all over again... what the . It can take up to 20 minutes to start a mission that only takes 5 minutes to complete. PROS: + Fun when it works, that 20% of the time + Looks good, runs very well CONS: - Random disconnects from free roam modes, putting you in your own session alone - Takes absolutely ing forever to find people to play with - If someone disconnects from your Heist, you must start the process all over - Loading screens can sometimes take up to 4 minutes (on an SSD!!) The hardest part about this game is not being able to play.
game-hours: 30.2
review: The multiplayer matchmaking is absolute garbage. Be prepared to spend 80% of your time in this game either loading, finding a free roam session with people actually in it, and looking for players for your game lobby. The best part is when someone disconnects from your Heist and you have to start the process all over again... what the . It can take up to 20 minutes to start a mission that only takes 5 minutes to complete. PROS: + Fun when it works, that 20% of the time + Looks good, runs very well CONS: - Random disconnects from free roam modes, putting you in your own session alone - Takes absolutely ing forever to find people to play with - If someone disconnects from your Heist, you must start the process all over - Loading screens can sometimes take up to 4 minutes (on an SSD!!) The hardest part about this game is not being able to play.
game-hours: 44.6
review: Have no words for this. Something this big and beautiful is newer seen before in video games.
game-hours: 47.3
review: Grand Theft Auto is currently my favourite game. I've mostly played online where you work your way through jobs and heists, along the way buying nice cars and sweet apartments. After playing with the graphics settings a bit, I can now play at ~55 fps on mostly maxed out settings with an R9 290X GPU. Some small things that I don't like is that you are not able to transfer your single player progress from your console to your PC. I also don't like how when you're hosting a heist most of the time one person leaves half way through or just really sucks at the game, and believe me, one person makes a difference between completing a heist and failing. One time, after finally finding a good heist group we were 3 minutes from completing the heist. The guy who was piloting the helicopter crashed it. You can guess how angry we all were. I found that people are more reliable not to drop out if they have a mic and the heists are also a lot easier that way because communication is a LOT better! I also love that you can hot-swap between a keyboard and a controller. You can be using the controller to drive your car around and you can quickly swap to keyboard if you need to escape on foot. Investing in a controller is definately worth it. If you have a wired Xbox 360 controller you can use it to play, but I am using a wireless Xbox controller using an adapter I found on ebay for about $10. Overall GTA V is a great game both Single Player and Online, I just wish Rockstar supported mods. Thanks for reading my review! If you want to join me in heists just send me a friend request through social club. My Username is: e1ghtSpace Make sure you have a mic though, otherwise you won't really be much help (unless you use the chat, in which case feel free to send a friend request)
game-hours: 121.3
review: It's really fun and stuff and well optimized and stuff.
game-hours: 36.0
review: The PC version ended up being much better than the console version. I hated GTA 4 because it was a total train wreck but they got my faith back on this game. still upset about them treating us like criminals though.
game-hours: 95.2
review: 10/10 would play.....all night.
game-hours: 48.2
review: Great game worth the wait and my money!
game-hours: 43.9
review: GTA5 is an open world game with a beautiful setting: A living and breathing city, the music, the npc's and behaviour. All that with stunning graphics. Crisp and clear at 60 fps Lot's of gamemodes, from SP story mode, and freemode, and ofcourse online. So much to do, so much to see. You can rob stores, steal cars, race cars, kill people, rob banks, dive and fly, get street hookers in your car, visit nudie bars and look at . What more do you really want? Really, after a lousy day at work there is nothing better then beating the  out of some people with a baseball bat in GTA5. Driving feels great, and For PC gamers the controls are so much better now. This is the best game ever made! 10/10!!
game-hours: 24.8
review: FINALLY! I got it working but I don't know the problem. I literally did nothing and it started working again.
game-hours: 36.3
review: The game is great, but issues overwhelm and i'm not able to enjoy it properly at the state its in. Pop-in is ridiculous, fps drop is like a rollercoaster.
game-hours: 9.9
review: Easy: it was created by rockstar. The graphics are just incredible, im playing it at ultra and looks really amazing so..... BUY IT RIGHT NOW OR I WILL FIND YOU AND KICK YO'  (seriously, it is worth the 49 bucks).
game-hours: 31.2
review: BEST PC GAME IN 2015
game-hours: 32.1
review: Spent 10 days installing 2 days trying to launch but nothing other than a crash. Im sick of it and will be waiting one more month before requesting a refund. I get a crash saing social club ui has stopped working. If you can help i will return the favour
game-hours: 30.7
review: This game is extremely well optimized and is just gorgeous. I run at 60 FPS I started as a newbie and worked my way up to rank 12 in one day (Yea sure im a noob but who cares?) I enjoyed every bit of it. A new update was released from rockstar giving AMD graphics card users the ability to play which got me extremely excited to get the game going I started it up and was just like i expected it to be, just better. My experience today: -Great details -Reflections -Shadows -Ranking system -Online tutorial -Full controller support and more but cba to list it here for now. I'm recommending it because it is a very great game and you should buy it, the 60$ i paid was IMO worth it.
game-hours: 66.0
review: Great game! Love the stuff! But, when you said you delayed the game for bugs, glitches, and optimization.. You just straight up lied to us.
game-hours: 53.6
review: This game is so realistic, it taught me you can rob a convencience store with a flare gun!
game-hours: 27.4
review: So here it is. The PC game to end all others. First off, This game is extremely well optimised. ( at least for my system ) I have yet to really drop below 50fps. In terms of graphical fidelity however, It really takes the cake. MY GOD. Sometimes, I've felt like I was playing real life. Buy this game, Tell your friends. 10/10/10 - Would ragdoll down a mountain again. But seriously. Buy this game. BUY IT. STOP READING THIS AND BUY IT ALREADY. -.-
game-hours: 48.5
review: Much wow.
game-hours: 41.2
review: Literally the best thing to happen to my PC since I uninstalled Uplay. Seriously, it's really good.
game-hours: 37.7
review: Smooth play on a dual core SUCCESSFUL! I didn't think she'd work but she pulled through very well and I am more than satisfied until my quad build shows up. Phenom ii x2 550 FTW! 10/10 Would destroy simeon's cars again.
game-hours: 117.6
review: This game is awsome 1 of the best ive played in some time and the graphics are amazing!
game-hours: 54.3
review: Tow Truck Simulator 2015.
game-hours: 13.6
review: f the police 8/8 m8
game-hours: 17.3
review: My drivers are up to date, my computer is fine, and yet I've waited months for a PC port so I could pay $60 for a game that doesn't work.
game-hours: 8.7
review: got 320 bandwith after this game and other use3s only 150gb left with 20 days still to go 11/10 would download again
game-hours: 55.6
review: it's ok
game-hours: 5.2
review: Craptop can only handle this game at 5 fps Played for 3 straight hours 11/10 - Would have eyes bleed again
game-hours: 46.3
review: Selfie Simulator 2015 9/11 best insta filters - ign
game-hours: 11.6
review: This game is better on pc than it is on xbox. Thank god I swithced
game-hours: 16.1
review: Much better than the PS3 version, PC gaming is the future.
game-hours: 40.1
review: GG
game-hours: 73.8
review: GTA V has stopped working the game
game-hours: 63.3
review: Every thing about this game is amazing.
game-hours: 28.1
review: It finally works!! Thank you Rockstar!
game-hours: 9.0
review: I am unable to play after updating my graphics drivers. I was able to play on the first day I owned this game, but that is it. I keep getting the social club code 16, I have tried everything rockstar suggested and then some. If I can't play, I want my money back. I sent a message to Rockstar support, and I have yet to hear back. Fun game when iit works.
game-hours: 13.2
review: i got bored after 1 hour
game-hours: 8.3
review: good
game-hours: 35.5
review: GTA V? Great- a blast to play, pretty, versatile. Only complaint is the time it takes to initially load the game. GTA Online? More bug-ridden than SimCopter, but at least SimCopter was fun for it. Had to reinitialise Social Club twice, got stuck on a prompt at the end of a tutorial race, tutorial mode refuses to shut off & I subsequently can't join friends in-game, I've had glitches where my character gets stuck moving forward+left (as if I'd started the game with a joystick nudged to the side), I've been stuck in shopping screens because Escape does nothing, typing in chat also triggers any hotkeys in shopping screens, and I've had to ALT-F4 a half-dozen times in 2 hrs of gameplay because ESC did nothing.
game-hours: 39.5
review: tering
game-hours: 13.5
review: NICEEE
game-hours: 21.1
review: After the planned release date was put back another 3 months due to "game optimizations" when the game was realeased all we got was a game that was buggy. This game takes FOREVER just to get into a game, sometimes not even loading at all. FIX YOUR GOD DAMN GAME ROCKSTAR
game-hours: 10.1
review: Can't start it; lol.
game-hours: 44.3
review: After it was patched, I could play it, and it is amazing! Greatly optimized, too! Good work, R*.
game-hours: 19.7
review: how is this 98/100. Gta will get that extra 2
game-hours: 1.3
review: after the complete mess up that was the launch day, i let 3 - 4 days pass hoping something would be done, and then it still gives me the Code 2 error, so i reinstall, and it gets to the first screen that the game shows when starting up and then crashes, even in safe mode, and online mode, i had updated all drivers rebooted my pc, restarted steam several times, to no avail. definately the last time i pre order a game!
game-hours: 21.3
review: YESSSS.
game-hours: 41.0
review: Fantstico! Melhor jogo de todos os tempos. Simplesmente viciante
game-hours: 20.4
review: I've been playing GTA since it was top-down, and I put in ~300 hours on the 360 version of GTA V as well. I've since sold the Xbox, but have been maintaining and rebuilding my battlestation since then. Needless to say, I was only SLIGHTLY miffed I had to drop another $60 to pick it up another time. I was a little apprehensive about the game being a poor port ala GTA IV, but it turned out there was no need to be. The game runs absolutely awesome for me, the only drawback springing to mind are some long load times, despite all 60+ GB of the game being installed on an SSD. I've noticed this mainly in multiplayer though, with an initial long load in SP then generally shorter ones thereafter. The graphics are mindblowing, and there are a lot of sliders in the options, giving you the opportunity to really fine-tune your settings and figure out what works best for you. After minimal configuration, I'm running at a bare minimum 60FPS at all times and still marveling at just about everything in-game. Playing with a mouse and keyboard was a simple transition for me, I was a bit concerned at first and intended to just play with a 360 controller, but instantly fell in love with mouse aiming. GTA shooting was never the greatest but it's a lot more reliable and entertaining with the ability to be somewhat precise. All-in-all, I definitely see another 300 hours of this in my future. Once some mods start pouring out this game has the potential to be a longlived classic.
game-hours: 57.2
review: I have liked GTA games mostly overall, with some complaints here and there. This game is the total package. It has kept me playing and doesn't get old or boring. You never know whats around the corner in GTA 5, buy this game, I promise you won't regret it.
game-hours: 32.5
review: watch the cloud Online
game-hours: 65.9
review: The most brutal GTA experience i have ever seen !!
game-hours: 65.2
review: Worth the long wait; 10/10
game-hours: 34.2
review: I would have liked to have seen a lower price point for a two year old game. But even two years on GTA V holds up as the best open world game on the marekt... And it runs wonderfully even on my mid-rage rig.
game-hours: 4.2
review: death of my social life. 10/10 Edit: Runs absolutely flawlessly on my 960 FTW
game-hours: 24.5
review: Awesome Game!!!! Shame it took me 24 hours to install it.
game-hours: 24.6
review: Can't get into the game yet, i don't even get trough loading screen, it just keeps on say loading, like forever. I mean WTF!!!!!  Rocksteady, plz fix your !! ???????????????????????????????????
game-hours: 19.2
review: good
game-hours: 44.7
review: Awesome game
game-hours: 32.1
review: Solid port. Runs better than GTAIV ever did. Looks amazing at 1080/60 maxed out!
game-hours: 49.1
review: this game is truly a masterpiece, one of my most favourite games of all time. Buy it. Now.
game-hours: 39.9
review: Just excellent! I didn't suppose that this game will run on my PC, because it is a normal thing nowadays when minimum requirements for the game are just meaningless - there is a very little chance that it will at least launch. However, I was very impressed when I saw a nice optimization - stable 30-50 FPS in fact, that every spec of my PC is just as the same as the minimum requirement (i5-2320 3.0 GHz, GTX 550Ti, 4 GB RAM). The game itself is the best thing ever done for the whole gaming industry - not more not less. Rockstar did its job well. 10/10.
game-hours: 8.8
review: + I'm surprised how well this game runs on very high settings, single player and multiplayer. (GTX 670 Overclocked) + Lots of Graphic setting options. + New soundtrack + Hasn't crashed once + Day one multiplayer is working + First person View is great - Flying controls are little weird (maybe because I haven't played GTA on PC before)
game-hours: 55.1
review: Most ugly part of GTA
game-hours: 25.2
review: So imagine GTA V on 360/PS3 was like the meal youve waited for all your life that tasted a little raw, but it was a good meal, yknow? Then, youve got the PS4/One version that is the same meal cooked ever so slightly better, yet youre still hungry. This version is like, the real deal. The main entre. The dish youve been truly hungry for your whole life. And it may have taken a little longer for it to be done but you craved it even more. In the end, this is the most delicious meal of your life. You get everything and more, especially for those who can crank up to 11 (4k resolution, baby) Even if youve bought this game before and thought youve done it all, dont overlook this well optimized glorious experience that will make your return to Los Santos ever so sweeter.
game-hours: 4.8
review: A huge applause to Rockstar's customer service at lauch of GTA V by giving everyone the opportunity to refund the game, whether they had several hours of game time or not, all because of a bug (which was not even a big deal to manually fix). First time to see a company offer refunds at day of launch. 10/10 Would purchase from Rockstar again.
game-hours: 90.8
review: More than a game. A lifestyle. Haters gonna hate. Woot!
game-hours: 39.4
review: LIES. TOTALLY FALSE ADVERTISING STEAM. WHERE IS THE 3RD PARTY DRM NOTICE LIKE YOU DO FOR EIDOS WITH UPLAY. REQUIRES SOCIAL CLUB LOGIN. ROCKSTAR TOOK IT OFF FROM GTA4 WHY BRING THIS BACK. WHY NOT HAVE THIS STATED IN STORE VALVE? FOR SHAME!
game-hours: 21.7
review: Dank
game-hours: 11.8
review: Pre-loaded, was surprised I could play it a day early!!! Started right up with zero problems!!! I guess I am just lucky! About to call in to work for the next 3 days...due to...being..."sick"... LMAO Gameplay.. The initial driving in FP takes a bit getting used to. Especially with the crappy car they give you in the tutorial mission. The car is terrible to drive! But the other cars past that are a lot easier. FP owning civies and cops...Is like..wow... Stabbed a guy on the tallest mountian while he was looking over the edge...he screamed...eyes closed..and fell over the edge and lost most of his gear on the way down as he bounced around... Um...I actually feel bad stabbing people with the Knife in FP lol. But ...not thatttttttt bad lol.
game-hours: 37.8
review: Load times are insane, lobbies are never full and when they are you aren't able to actually get in the game. In the time I've played the game crashed my brand new GTX970's drivers twice. I should not have pre-ordered this.
game-hours: 46.4
review: Loved this game on PS3, it's 100x better on PC. 11/10
game-hours: 37.1
review: the map keeps dissapearing from underneath me and im driving into darkness, why is this?
game-hours: 71.2
review: worse game ever!!!! cant  open this sh it. fix it rockstar!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 92.9
review: Worst online gaming experince i have ever had, does not work, its slow the loading screens are un godly and the player base are full of trolls and s, the single player i got stuck as franklin not able to do anything, and that was my breaking point. GTA5 is a waste of money do not buy it, stick to your other games
game-hours: 34.1
review: SWEG
game-hours: 40.9
review: 11/10 - It's ok
game-hours: 40.4
review: I'm very pleased with the port of this game, it runs well even on my -tier CPU. (FX-4100) The textures look great compared to the previous version I played on the last-generation consoles, even on the normal setting. The game has a very useful video memory gauge like the other Rockstar ports which makes tweaking the options a cinch. I had no trouble transferring over my GTA Online character from the PS3 version, and the online so far hasn't given me any trouble in terms of connectivity. I did have some trouble with what seemed like mouse acceleration, and I was unable to find an option to disable it. but after changing from raw input to DirectInput it seems to be much better. All in all, I'd say it was worth the wait.
game-hours: 50.3
review: BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 31.3
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 79.9
review: Basically a definitive version of console gta with new stuff
game-hours: 84.7
review: Ok if you have the GTA launcher issue go on device managers, display adapters and disable your video card then it should run then enable the next time you start the game. Now for the review its worth every penny. the gameplay is smooth, the game is great looking, havent tried online but ive heard very positive stuff about it and the game is just simply very very fun. If your PC can run this is a MUST BUY
game-hours: 53.8
review: Holy  this game runs smooth and the graphics are amazing!
game-hours: 45.4
review: GTA V is finally released on PC, with much improvement from the previous GTA IV release. It runs smooth 40-60fps even on my old HD6850. The same reaction when Max Payne 3 was released, "Why is this running smoothly on my old graphic card?" Rockstar has done a really good job on this. But still, 4 months of delay is pretty painful to wait.
game-hours: 18.9
review: Its okay. I expected much more. If you haven't played it on any console before, buy it. If you HAVE, I recommend you to not buy it. I played this on PS3 and PS4 as well, so I have some experience and knew how the game would be like. However, running at recommended specs (760 & FX-6630), I didn't find it to look any better than the PS4 version, other than the addition of 60 FPS. And actually, SOME of the textures look worse than the PS4 version (this is at normal texture settings). Definetely need a good desktop to run this at high settings, 1080p, 60 FPS, and to make sure it looks better than the consoles. Hopefully its just a bug on Rockstar's end, and might send out a patch to fix the graphics, but right now I'm not impressed.
game-hours: 57.5
review: Finally 60+ FPS and looking good!
game-hours: 22.1
review: My pc is so good but I DONT KNOW why do i have lags i think it is bbecause i have some problems with dropped FPS but i dont know why... :((( what can i do ? PLEASE help me!
game-hours: 1.6
review: The American Dream Best game ever! 10/10
game-hours: 24.6
review: The game that every PC gamer has being waiting for patiently delivers.
game-hours: 21.7
review: to broken to play
game-hours: 43.0
review: Game is amazing! So much fun and have zero issues. Looks and runs amazing in 1080p 60fps. Sorry for those that cant play but you should reserve your negative reviews untill you actually play it. Getting pissy in a negative review on steam isnt going to help your problems and you are just bashing an otherwise amazing game. This game is a MUST BUY!!
game-hours: 56.0
review: have some problem with social club, have to disable graphics card in device manager to get the game work. But beside that the game itself is very good port. Run very smooth, high setting 1080p. This is GTA V for PC you watting for. 9/10 recommended.
game-hours: 23.3
review: I love thus game but i can not figure out why windows keeps turning the app/task down.
game-hours: 41.4
review: It's great cause my modest rig can run this at 1080p 60 fps, the game is very well optmized
game-hours: 20.9
review: Specs: GTX 770 2GB DDR5 Intel i7 3930K 3.20ghz 16 GB Ram Verdict: I've got textures on normal, everything else on max, and this game looks gorgeous and runs at an almost constant 60fps with very minimal drops in framerate. Rockstar done real good here. Oh yeah, the game's good, too.
game-hours: 12.9
review: THE PC MASTER RACE IS COMPLETE! PRAISE GABE NEWELL AND HIS NIPPLES! staying to my characters roots, if ANYONE in the game see's that  Neptune V from RWBY in the game, Murder his  because we need to save whiterose. -pros- -good graphics -awesome additions(first person camera, working speedometers, animals) -feels like a next gen game(Im looking at you watch dogs, you piece of crap) -free dlc, Rockstar won't charge you a singe dime for their dlc, EVER -feels very immersive -polished but clean port even though the error happened -big open world to explore and do what ever the hell you want -awesome rockstar editor -good pc controls -has a crap ton of content to keep you busy for hours -basically, a technical masterpiece -good story -super easy to run on machines -cons- -some textures are smudgy -some frame rated drops -slow motion at the wrong time, even when characters are talking with each sometimes -Franklin can use more character development -a big download size which is the size of the pacific ocean overall this game feels great and plays like a TRUE next gen game. Now excuse me as I grab my weapons and murder all the neptunes in the game because he needs to screw away from my OTP ship whiterose ;3 verdict-9/10
game-hours: 58.1
review: :D
game-hours: 43.1
review: AMazing port thou has some issues
game-hours: 93.4
review: Heists are so good they crashed my pc
game-hours: 80.1
review: bruuuuuuh
game-hours: 40.0
review: Easily a 10/10. The attention to detail in the game is staggering. Plus, the custom radio station can play .flac files.
game-hours: 8.0
review: Finally on PC (Waited for years) Welp, Before it was announce to be sell on Steam I can't wait so I buy PS4 what do I expect for PC? 1.Kids screaming 2.Racist people 3.Lobby wars 4.Trolling everywhere 5.Hacker 6.Scammer 7.Noobs This is what I met on PS4 do you think it will happen on PC? Who knows? [But I like the bonus tho :D]
game-hours: 11.4
review: no longer shall those words be uttered... "if pc's so good, then how' GTA v?????" NEVER AGAIN.
game-hours: 72.7
review: Hard at start,with a lot of crashes, but now it works, quite not so good, but its ok, so ya,good game after all. I've stepped on a cat with Franklin on first mission.
game-hours: 68.9
review: WOW is this ever good. If you have the PC for this then get it. Get out all your agression and BE as stupid as you have always wanted to be. Or you HAVE been this stupid and NOW you can do it without going to jail. PEACE!
game-hours: 52.1
review: I never had the Xbox Or Playstation version.... I have only played this is a ps3 that was not mine. Anyway I think GTA V for PC has not yet demostrated how better can it be compared to the consoles exeptuating graphics of course. Just wait and lets hope they add mod support THATS WHAT IM LOOKING FOWARD TO.... MODDING THE  OUT OF GTA V UNTIL IT EXPLODES. :D
game-hours: 48.9
review: This game is really good. First off the game is a little pricy but worth it in the end. Runs great at max settings, yes it lags sometimes but other then that props to Rockstar Games and T2.
game-hours: 26.3
review: the gta launcher stopes working,the programme closes.any suggestions on how to fix the problem?
game-hours: 53.5
review: I wish they had included the option to sync my saves through steam to other computers.
game-hours: 15.5
review: I first play grand theft auto 5 on playstation 3, then playstation 4 and now I get to play it on the best place ever! I can not wait to drive around and take lots of screenshot! As far as the story goes, I think it is okay. Honestly I never beat the story mode on console but I will this time on PC. I spent majority of the time in <u> GTA Online </u>. I am HYPE!! GET IT!!! DID I MENTION YOU CAN TRANSFER YOUR CHAR. FROM CONSOLE TO PC?
game-hours: 94.2
review: Good port, but why are people from consoles allowed to port? My first couple hours were getting camped by snipers and getting my cars blown up from rocket launchers.
game-hours: 36.5
review: In america apparently the game doesn't work in europe everything works (except the singleplayer that sometimes crashes)
game-hours: 40.6
review: It's not a trainwreck, this time RS learned their lesson. They have been the butt of many jokes since they released GTA4 on PC. Then it happened all over again when they launched GTA Online. I played about 1 hour of story mode and 3 of GTAO on launch day and had no issues whatsoever. If you're holding out to see whether or not this is playable, there's no need. They worked out the bugs on the consoles and brought the polished version to PC.
game-hours: 56.0
review: Playing with a GTX 660Ti with a little overclocking and 8 core CPU at ~3.8Ghz Game runs smooth as silk, defaulting to near max settings and haven't had any frame drops or crashes so far. Rockstar certainly put in the effort to optimize the game, I suspect those with problems will either be able to work around it with some yet to be discovered trick, or will be patched up later on by Rockstar.
game-hours: 11.4
review: The best game ever Runs great on launch day!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 44.4
review: Why did i buy this again?
game-hours: 54.9
review: Hands down, The best game EVER created. 11/10 Welldone Rockstar.
game-hours: 60.1
review: Amazing, They finally got GTA right ... The high res textures and smooth gameplay is pretty impressive. As some gamers as mentioning, every now and then a frame stutter will happen for about 1 second when Im driving really fast (not sure if thats a HD seek issue or something that just needs to be patched). My rating is 98/100 !!
game-hours: 65.9
review: Good port and and for the price you get your money's worth that's for sure, so many AAA games release at the same price point and offer nowhere near the amount of time and enjoyment spent in GTA 5.
game-hours: 39.8
review: It's everything I expected it to be, and it's amazing.
game-hours: 0.4
review: After multiple attempts to get the game to launch, I have decided to accept Valve's offer of a refund. Issues affecting this decision: 1. No direct contact with support to remedy issues 2. Rockstar support requires social club membership for 30 days before being allowed to post an issue 3. Multiple workarounds published, none have been successful 4. Rockstar social club accepted the steam activation code, then claimed no games activated on the profile. No means of requesting support on this issue 5. Multiple hours spent downloading, redownloading, and verifying local game files. No success. I understand launch day issues, but for a game that has been in the top seller category on Steam for weeks now to have such an issue, with no official instructions on how to make the product work; well I wont gamble on the process getting better. Disappointed.
game-hours: 16.0
review: i can't seen to get my social club account to log in i have the correct user name and password
game-hours: 50.8
review: GG
game-hours: 25.0
review: the game for the most part runs perfectly fine on Medium to High Graphics, my issue is that after about 60-90 min of playing i get this wierd stutter occuring, i have an AMD R9 270X and an i7 4770K and did not expect this kind of issue, anyone else having this problem please let me know. EDIT: DL'd AMD's Most recent Beta drivers (15.4) works perfectly now.
game-hours: 11.3
review: Absolutely incredible. This is what PC gaming is all about, pretty much the ultimate sandbox game... With explosions... And hookers >_> Is there blackjack in this game?
game-hours: 40.0
review: Rockstar really stepped it up. Having fun with no problems. Totally recomend it! Can play with beautiful graphics which kicks the  on the consoles! #PCMASTERACE
game-hours: 32.3
review: Meh
game-hours: 38.8
review: +++++ HYDRA IS DAMN EXPENSIVE +++++++
game-hours: 36.5
review: Truly amazing. Excellent port, I can almost max it out( in 1080). Graphics are SOLID, and gameplay is amazing. Controls are top notch, haven't had any issues. The game is obviously the same, but PC has better damage, and a first person mode, among the much better graphics. The first person is a HUGE part of the game. Every car interior is different, the lights on the dash function, small dings when you open the door, everything is detailed. The guns you hold in your hand have been redone, looking amazing from a first person perspective. Definetely worth the buy, a PC game done right. #PCMASTERRACE
game-hours: 13.8
review: it is so fun
game-hours: 23.9
review: This is a kind of game you can always go back to.This is a kind of game you can play and feel like youre crontrolling a movie.This is a kind of game you can play as racer or fps.This is my kind of game
game-hours: 36.9
review: BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!! 11/10 WOULD BUY AGAIN
game-hours: 46.4
review: After launch and when it was done unpacking it was difficult to get started, but once I got it working I couldn't stop thinking, "holy **** this is great". I would recommend to anyone with a decent desktop, even my budget PC can run at a smooth 30-40 FPS.
game-hours: 44.5
review: Awesome Game!
game-hours: 31.8
review: It worth all the waiting time. Great graphics, impressived perfomance, really 60fps. Well done. Well done Rockstar!
game-hours: 7.7
review: This game is straight up amazing!
game-hours: 24.9
review: FPS IS THE BEST GAME TYPE FOR GTA V.
game-hours: 28.0
review: Works for me.
game-hours: 56.8
review: This game is amazing. Walked down the street, saw a dog, walked up to the dog, got hit by a truck. 10/10 would get distracted on a busy highway again
game-hours: 61.5
review: Would give 10 franklins out of 10 franklins. Great game, great graphics, great everything. I suggest buying this game to anyone who wants to have a good time.
game-hours: 119.0
review: Excellent game, runs great on my system. GTX660, FX6300, 8GB RAM So many additions to the game from GTA IV! Big improvements!
game-hours: 55.1
review: such worth 10/10
game-hours: 83.6
review: Warning: GTA5 may be out, BUT IT'S NOT COMPLETE YET (posted 04-14-15) After waiting 2 years, and with 3 delays, I figured this game would at least be complete when it was released for PC. And to Rockstar's Credit, the Grand Theft Auto 5 game is complete. HOWEVER, the Ifruit app which Grand Theft Auto 5 will remind hourly is the "Best way to enhance your grand theft auto experieince" IS NOT AVAILABLE FOR PC. It appears as though Rockstar forgot to update it, like they did the week of the PS4 and XBone. They didn't even bother to remove the hourly reminder in the game, without which I never would have known I'm playing an imcomplete game. It took Rockstar a full 24 hours before they even released they had forgotton about it and released a statement saying "Oh yeah, that's not updated yet, we'll get around to that someday" So on one hand, I'm glad they delayed the game the extra months because clearly even with the extra time they still weren't able to test or complete the full game experience. And on the other hand, I can't stomach playing the game with a hourly reminder that i'm not playing the 'Full Game' Here is a link to the only official response I have heard from Rockstar on this matter. This should be the first article on the store page IMO.
game-hours: 46.4
review: Game did not launch till some body told me its a fire wall issue so I uninstalled my fire wall and it works. The game is great by the way... And for the previous review I was salty about the overreaction... 8.5/10 bwauls
game-hours: 0.2
review: Complete disappointment. Can't even start the game to begin with. Crashes like everyone else complaining in the forums. I'm running on AMD GPU. but due to the nature of the ing manufacturer, it needs slightly custom drivers. Only official ones that could run stably was 14.4. GTA V requires you to have 15.4beta, and installing that causes the whole system to blackscreen forever. No games has need me to do this thus far, not even newer ones. Really really disappointed with Rockstar.
game-hours: 12.2
review: Piece of crap. Does not download properly, does not sign into social club at all. I have wasted two complete nights trying to get it work and when it finally did, the game crashed. Thanks for the great support and the ripoff. Actually sorry, I am getting my refund right now
game-hours: 55.5
review: 59.1 GB BIGGEST GAME EVER 11/10 over rated get it EH-EH-EH
game-hours: 72.8
review: The overall design of the game or a good personal feeling good play a lot especially OL mode gives the player more play options personally feel that the only drawback is that the log OL model is not very stable often appear offline mode but also unable to connect! A lot of players have also appeared in this situation do not know is the server slag R star or because the network causes!
game-hours: 43.8
review: Great port, runs fantastic. Bought for 360, PS4 and PC... just love this game, thank you Rockstar, cant wait for the paid expansions!
game-hours: 20.0
review: I would lick peanut butter off a homeless person's toe to play this game for an hour.
game-hours: 41.4
review: 11/10 Would wait again
game-hours: 19.2
review: Rockstar has re-learned how to make PC games. Better late than never I guess. I'm on a 3 year old PC (i5-2550, gtx 560ti) and I was worried about being able to run the game at all. It's currently running at 60fps on 1920x1080. Not maxed obviously but the game still looks pretty darn good. WAY better than the PS3 version I played over a year ago.
game-hours: 13.6
review: Check out my video for a potential fix! It worked for me and may work for you.
game-hours: 12.7
review: Idk wish I could play... been waiting more than 24 hrs to get my account unlocked and my password changed. I understand theyre probably overwhelmed with help tickets but seriously? An entire day and not a single word back? Paid $50... twice and cant transfer my character. Not pleased. Im going to recommend this game... however, if you need support you might be waiting... and waiting.... and waiting.....
game-hours: 35.4
review: I loved this game on the 360. Waited 2 years to get it on the pc and just to be disapointed. Keeps telling me its limited to saved acounts and i cant play. Please just fix this rediculous problem.
game-hours: 47.6
review: Awesome game!
game-hours: 41.4
review: Amazing game if you had waited out on playing GTA V from the console versions, very well optimized, amazing story, and fun multiplayer (this can vary due to the diffrences in people online, but for the most part they have been plesant :D). For me the story was not new, however the graphical updates made me want to replay the story and the online. Overall I suggest you buy this game.
game-hours: 34.0
review: link my account and was ready to rob some  but first had to take a shower with my cloths on. went down to my cars and went on amazon and bought a new car and went outside to see a prison bus with 2 kids yelling Allahu Akbar as a tank was shooting at them 10/10 IGN
game-hours: 8.3
review: I bought the pre road and so i finished intalling the game and now after i made a ID on the rockstart socail club when ever i click start a game it keep saying is loading the game but nothing start ........................ Is this only me or is there anyone out there have same problem like me ?
game-hours: 64.0
review: THE BEST GAME HOLY  BUTTERY SMOOTH BEST OPTIMIZED GAME I HAVE EVER SEEN
game-hours: 59.2
review: After 70+ minutes of pure frustration of installation bugs, I got it to work. I felt like this would effect my experience but still 10/10 pure brilliance.
game-hours: 25.2
review: runs good.
game-hours: 42.9
review: If you ever need a reason to kill yourself you could just play flight school with a mouse and keyboard.
game-hours: 32.8
review: The wait was worth it, if you like the style of game, have a decent gaming rig, and can spare 50 bucks, buy it!
game-hours: 25.9
review: just the best game of all time !!!
game-hours: 17.7
review: Its like Masterbating. You feel bad doing it but it feels so good to do it. 11/10 would do it again
game-hours: 15.0
review: Best technical trobuleshooting simulator ever 10/10 By the way, for NVIDIA + Intel GPU laptop users. Disable NVIDIA GPU in device manager first, then the launcher will successfully open, then enable NVIDIA GPU in device manager, the game will then use NVIDIA GPU than Intel GPU.
game-hours: 21.9
review: A masterpiece, three years waiting for the PC version (counting the announce of the Ps3 and Xbox 360 versions), these three years worth. I recommend, this game worth every single dolar invested in it. I loved it.
game-hours: 47.2
review: 10/10 Game Of the year
game-hours: 21.4
review: It's perfect. Dare I say better than Half Life 2?
game-hours: 54.2
review: VERY GOOOD GAME MUST BUY THIS (Y) 60 FPS (Y)
game-hours: 66.0
review: Its ing worth !!! Epic game Love it <3333
game-hours: 2.4
review: game crashes constantly please fix
game-hours: 16.4
review: worth every penny!
game-hours: 30.2
review: Played it on Xbox 360 and loved it. Have waited a long time for this to arrive on PC and was not disapointed. Have a pretty good PC and plays with most settings at max. If you have a Nvidia graphics card download the new driver before playing, might be the reason so many people are struggling to get into the game. Either that or it is the bug to do with window IDs. Anyway, I would say go and buy this game if you have about 100+ hours of your life spare... and if you don't, buy it anyway as who needs a life!!
game-hours: 34.7
review: GOOD
game-hours: 44.4
review: Runs maxed out and very smooth. Visuals make consoles seem like gameboys.. 10/10
game-hours: 40.8
review: Kept you waiting, huh ?
game-hours: 40.9
review: i cant play cuz the game start for 5 sec tthen it close and then (gta5 not responding) HELP MEEEE
game-hours: 85.2
review: I'm shooting things and theres a bunch of frames per second and it's here and it's gud and I like it.
game-hours: 35.2
review: Like Crack , On toast , Smothered in Honey. OMGBBQ@WTF .... But yes this game is beautiful for the master race
game-hours: 25.6
review: Best game ever 10 out of 10
game-hours: 58.7
review: minimum
game-hours: 42.5
review: With the last incarnation of GTA on PC (GTA 4) i was very dubious with this purchase, but it was a great purchase in the end, be it with a few les here and there. It might have took a few hours for the last chunk of the game to be installed with it being unpacked and installed but it is just as good as the max payne 3 port and runs smooth on my i5 3570k and amd 7950 3gb. the only time i experience noticeable fps drops is during high speed driving and im sure with a few graphical tweaks in game in regards to texture quality it will improve. all in all a good purchase.
game-hours: 23.4
review: The best installation and port to the PC by Rockstar Games since Max Payne 3. They have learned from their mistakes and given us something that works great right after launch. The game is highly optimized than its counterparts and offers a lot of choices in terms of graphics settings which will keep the average PC gamer busy. For new players, it is extremely important to go through all the graphics settings as a misconfigured option could ruin the whole experience. Otherwise, the game runs very smoothly and the online feature has no flaws. The only downsides in my opinion is the requirement of linking your Social Club account before you can play, and of course the massive 60GB filesize. But we live in 2015, games are bound to get larger, and hard drives will also get larger as standard. Other than that, you are guaranteed to have the time of your life.
game-hours: 51.3
review: Perfect game :) Have a lot of thing to do >.< and so fun xD
game-hours: 46.8
review: the fun of a  10/10
game-hours: 41.5
review: So i've been trying to get this game to work for hours now, trying all kinds of fixes and diffrent things to get the damn thing to work and its really sad when im happy about getting an error code because before that i got nothing 11/10  rockstar (it'd be different if steam/rockstar actually did something or said something or where helping anyone but they have just sat around dead silent)
game-hours: 40.4
review: I KILLED A CAT! DAMMIT ROCKSTAR!
game-hours: 63.8
review: Hey cousin, let's go bowling :D
game-hours: 47.1
review: Crash simulator 2015. 10/10 never pre order again.
game-hours: 29.3
review: <3
game-hours: 43.2
review: It's GTA V, one of the best selling games ever. I think we all know what we excpect from the PC port; glory! And oh my god is it glorious, after 2 years of watching console players "enjoying" the game, it is nice to play it at over 60fps, the way it should be.
game-hours: 21.3
review: I paid 60$ to write this review
game-hours: 5.3
review: Worth of waiting for 17 Months
game-hours: 47.6
review: Game runs really well although you need a decent cpu but nothing like the mess of GTA 4 If you have been waiting out to see if this a crap port like 4 no need to wait anymore as they did a good job although not 100% bug free it pretty damn well given the state of most games at launch on PC
game-hours: 53.9
review: We had to wait a long time to get the PC version, and so far it has worth it, the quality is amazing, I'm baffled that it runs so smoothly and well, the dev team really did a good job on the performance of the game. Regarding gameplay the game is great, I love everything I've tried so far, shooting, driving, swimming (the undersea looks amazing), walking around, robbing and some more, I have yet to try flying and see what other surprises the game has, but even looking at the websites on the phone show the dedication put on this game. The story so far has got me hooked, the characters are great, each one with his unique personality and interesting relatives, there's little I can say because I'm barely starting the game (I didn't want to spoil myself all this years).
game-hours: 40.1
review: After more than two yrs rockstar finally figures out how to press w to move forward.
game-hours: 18.9
review: For 40 you get tons of content, main story missions, tons of side quests and just things to go see and do. The Editor is just friggin amazing, if you not used it or even tried it its a must (other companies can learn from this no question). The online content is another game entirely that give you the opportunity to experience gta pvp (like only rockstar could), working co-op to pull of heists (this imho is the biggest seller for online) that are both challenging and rewarding, or go deathmatch, car racing even just shoot another player after you done a heist and take his/her loot as well (ah betrayal always good! no honor among thieves!). there is nothing more to be said really except its a must to have on your shelf or steam library & i look forward to mugging you every opportunity! PS - Only negative point i can make is wish I could make a transfer of funds from game bank to my real life bank, come on rockstar share some of those billions with yer investors ^^
game-hours: 39.1
review: *Edit* Turns out installing Service Pack 1 for windows 7 fixes the issue. (Admittedly the system requirements do state that). As far as the PC port goes, this is very good. It runs better than GTA IV does on my system and looks utterly georgeous. I'm running at 1080p 60fps on a mixture of high and medium with a GTX 760, which is very impressive.
game-hours: 66.7
review: It's probably the best game out there for PC. Everything works flawlessly, amazing game.
game-hours: 6.1
review: +driving simulator +tennis game -too great not to play
game-hours: 36.7
review: Okay, so this being the second time, fully priced, that I've bought this game. I absolutely love it. I've played grand theft auto through it's generations as well as my own. From gta 3, to now and everything in between. This game has first person down to a T. Ragdoll effects and everything. They implemented a lot of cool new tweeks since I've played it last. Graphics look wonderful. Love this . Anyways, I do commentaries. Not just on gta, indie games and other . My Gta vid's up here.
game-hours: 54.7
review: Like and sub, thank you guys for all the support. Y'all are kick-.
game-hours: 58.6
review: Very well optimised. But I still pray for animals in online.
game-hours: 26.8
review: Perfect game Pros: Everything Con: I need working side and rear mirror on vehicles
game-hours: 2.7
review: gosh, got crashed for every 5min for ERR_GFX_D3D_INIT...you guys go there having fun for me, sigh...
game-hours: 4.9
review: it was crashing my laptop but the grafics are real good if you have a good laptop for gaming it whould work fine
game-hours: 24.8
review: For anyone with an NVIDIA graphics card having problems launching the game: Go to device manager and disable the NVIDIA adapter, and then start the game. You should be able to go through Social Club without any problems now. Now enable the graphics card before the game starts up (gotta be quick!) This should fix the problem.
game-hours: 1.9
review: If only I had more than 1 gig of VRAM :( Still looks better than the console version though. I also can't wait to try out the Rockstar Editor.
game-hours: 32.8
review: Rockstar came into my room and touched my no no square. 10/10 Would get molested by Rockstar again. P.S. Thanks for taking forever to remake a game and stealing our money.
game-hours: 17.4
review: A lot of issues that should be expected at launch, but so far I am really enjoying this game.
game-hours: 66.7
review: be papared to get ed over
game-hours: 53.0
review: AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING, running at high settings on a ing 2g 750ti and it looks so amazing, lap dances in 1st person is really nice, i really feel like this game was worth the wait and im so excited for university to end so ill never have to look at a real human beeing again
game-hours: 18.5
review: I love it i love it. this was worth the wait. works great on my fx 6300 with a Sapphire Vapor-X R9 280x. when the game start i was like damnnn awesome graphics like never before seen. better then the PS4 and Xbox One because my brothers have it on those systems. HD Quality baby hell ya!!!!
game-hours: 2.2
review: Thanks rockstar for taking your time while developing this game, it runs incredibly smooth, and I cannot wait to spend another 100h in the game.
game-hours: 2.7
review: When i click "Play" it brings me to the socialclub screen and it just says loading and i can't play or do anything. Please help
game-hours: 2.7
review: I had played so far one hour without any problems at all with nvidia 970.I set all setting in very high some ultra,still it ran smoothly for me.Honestly I played it before on my PS3 but in PC is exceptional,the game looked absolutely beautiful.It is a fun game,I am sure everyone will enjoy with this grand sequel,so I recomend GTA V to everyone.
game-hours: 8.8
review: Its REALLY good but it takes a lot to run it good
game-hours: 48.8
review: Perfect game 10/10 but can't get into online servers on launch.
game-hours: 0.3
review: Great game. With a 27" Screen, Resolution 2560*1440, on my XEON 3.5 GHZ and with a GTX770 4 Gb it performs phantastic
game-hours: 42.7
review: There is an exam tomorrow!  it there is GTA 5 My crush asked me out for a date!  it there is GTA 5 Need to write a long review for the game!  it there is GTA 5 GTA 5/10
game-hours: 68.7
review: 10/10 worth the wait.
game-hours: 50.6
review: Very good, very good game. The high fidelity, play a lot, very pleased with everyone together to play GTAV.
game-hours: 15.3
review: 10/10 would download again
game-hours: 32.7
review: new music <3
game-hours: 19.0
review: Absolutely Amazing, GTX 770, I7 4770 and 16 gb ram, 90-110 FPS without Vysnc on high settings. Runs amazingly. Alot more control then Console version. 9/10 (Online has some Errors). Excellent Release Rockstar :D
game-hours: 7.8
review: I've played the console versions of this game and it is fair to say that this is worth the wait. Gameplay was great in both 3rd and 1st person mode (Don't recommend first person if you have motion sickness), the cars didn't feel slippery, the campaign feels like sort of episodic (if I spelt that right) and the graphics were impressive. Especially on the last gen versions of the game. 10/10 PS. Be prepared to run into high level pr*cks going on a rampage in their tank on the Online portion of the game
game-hours: 41.7
review: it's okay
game-hours: 66.2
review: very good port and is alot better hen 4 all together, about ing time
game-hours: 31.5
review: a massive improverement over GTA IV . awesome optimization. R* kept their word ( 60fps ). Now for the game . RIP Social Life 10/10
game-hours: 54.1
review: This port has been done right. Looks & plays great.
game-hours: 34.1
review: Really good Experiance. Runs good with a GTX760 using the Geforce Experiance settings and Adaptive Vsync. Dont use the ingame Vsync ever
game-hours: 17.8
review: Umm.. Why is my online characer covered in stripes?
game-hours: 54.9
review: Buy it
game-hours: 15.6
review: The LAG IS
game-hours: 22.3
review: Loved GTA when they released it for xbox 360 . . . couldn't play it with any reliability for the first few weeks . . . Got it on PC now . . . no change so far, online won't work, servers cannot connect. If they say they didn't anticipate the ammount of people loging on again this time as well I'ma go . Great game when you can actually play it.
game-hours: 54.0
review: this game is pretty good its beautiful and the graphics but there was a error that i came across "gta 5 luancher has stopped working" i havent fixed it
game-hours: 23.8
review: Worth the wait. Everything works, and you have all the pc options you can ask for. Should be possible to tweak to suit both low and high end PC's. It is also an amazing game, I've played it on both PS3 and PS4 before getting it on PC. You can't go wrong with this game. Buy it!!
game-hours: 9.9
review: I haven't fapped more in one day than today
game-hours: 54.1
review: The first person mode has really put this game on a whole new level. Also lets not forgetting the following: -Visually Stunning.(4k resolution) -Action Packed. -Brilliant Story. -Great Humor. -Massive World. -Does a great job to progress the story in a non linear feel. -Awesome Soundtracks Fitting Any Mood. (Gotta love getting into a highspeed chase in a stolen car that just happenes to be playing something fitting to the scene) -Hours Upon Hours of Gameplay. -etc. Downside: -requires a really powerful PC/Laptop to truly appreciate its greatness. -may lead to psychosis ... lol
game-hours: 27.8
review: I wonder what it's going to feel like to be game of the year twice. 9.5/10 (.5 bc why can't I connect online.)
game-hours: 22.9
review: Pie 10/10 must buy.
game-hours: 24.1
review: It's Skyrim but with cars and planes and strippers.
game-hours: 2.9
review: Way better on the Pc than ps4 and xbox! Graphics are 10x times better, make sure you do the driver update today for this game! Nothing better then blowing crap up with your friends on the master pc race! Tanks, Helicopters and big explosions!
game-hours: 29.7
review: Killed my graphics card. 10/10
game-hours: 31.8
review: Stripclub in first person. 11/10
game-hours: 74.9
review: Haha very nice
game-hours: 48.4
review: It is here and it is beautiful!!!
game-hours: 93.0
review: My Dream Come True !! I just Played 30 Minutes and it was Amazing Experience....it running Smoothly for me...thanks Rockstar
game-hours: 23.4
review: Jesus. I have been waiting forever and my dreams have finally come true. 1000000/10
game-hours: 51.1
review: NO, Online lag like hell loading slow like hell.
game-hours: 12.7
review: SUPER EXTRME BUG- GTA5 CAN'T LAUNCH UNDER Nvidia GRAPH CARD!!! OMG...I WAITED LIKE WHOLE MONTH AND YOU TELLING ME GOT A BIG BUG??? REFUND MY 59.99 ROCKSTAR!
game-hours: 42.8
review: Alright, I'm sure a lot of you have already played GTA V on a console at this point, so I'll spare you most of what makes this game so great. Controls are nice with a KB+M and switching between that and a controller is seamless (sometimes driving is easier with the controller, but thats just me). I've notices the occasional graphical issue, but at this point im sure it's just my card acting up (MSI GTX 970). Otherwise it's the same GTA we all know and love, and it's finally found it's perfect home on PC. Praise Gaben.
game-hours: 50.4
review: VERY VERY GOOD
game-hours: 54.2
review: I can play.
game-hours: 42.5
review: otimo jogo !
game-hours: 69.4
review: Im wet.
game-hours: 85.7
review: Ive tried all the fixes, even reinstalled still clicking play launches social club and stays at loading the entire time. No word from Rockstar at all about this problem or any of the other one tons of the community is having. Seems like Rockstar is more concerned with partying now that the PC version is released instead of fixing any of the Day 1 gamebreaking bugs tons of us are having. Thanks Rockstar. Update: Well finally over a day after I installed iit, a few hours after reinstalling(didn't need to) I finally found the fix to my problem, installing Service Pack 1 for Windows 7. I looked and looked and didn't find this solution anywhere, and I'm sure this solution fixes the problem for others. It's too bad Rockstar isn't trying to get this information out to anyone anywhere. Further Review of Actualy Gameplay Coming
game-hours: 16.8
review: ERMERGERD DIS GAME IS TWO AWSOME CONSOLE SCRUBS GET WreCKeD. 10/10 Ign 420 noScope.
game-hours: 17.0
review: PC GAMING HAS ARRIVED. GAME LIKE THIS ARE WHY CONSOLES WILL BE IRRELEVANT IN A COUPLE OF YEARS. Go kill you some hookers in first person view...feel the shame.
game-hours: 113.5
review: Amazing, all the upgrades from console are worth the wait. The price is a bit high, though I think $60 for ANY game is too high. The optimization is amazing, my PC with a SC 760, 4790 4.0Ghz and 16 GB ram is getting 70-110 fps on high settings. Other PC with 970 is getting 100-130 on ultra. Game installed fine, online works great with no lag. Unfortunately, some people playing it are still using a controller.. no wait, actually that means those that use a mouse + KB will win more often :) Overall from my first 2-3 hours of gameplay, 9/10 Main problem is the low fov makes first person just not playable. Especially in driving.
game-hours: 53.8
review: No review even needed, its just too amazing
game-hours: 96.3
review: As much as I hate to say it, well worth the wait. Well done rockstar your didn't totally F-up a release! <3
game-hours: 32.1
review: best waited time i've did !
game-hours: 45.8
review: Hail to the master race ! the real version of GTA is here , thanks for alpha testing consol gamers
game-hours: 18.0
review: :) it's GTA 5 BUY IT NOW
game-hours: 17.6
review: hi
game-hours: 9.8
review: Cant figure out how to link steam with rockstar. Checked reddit and forums. Help! Q-Q
game-hours: 113.0
review: hell yeah, best game in years
game-hours: 54.3
review: Two years still wasn't enough to prepare me for 60fps
game-hours: 66.1
review: Very well optimized, runs very well on my GTX 660 SC, and the director mode is freaking awesome.
game-hours: 97.7
review: smoked some crazy dank n went to war with the aliens. 10/10.
game-hours: 90.1
review: unnecessary lag 10/10 :D
game-hours: 1.2
review: Memory can't be read, game not responding after the logo's dissapear and crashes. I'm trying to reinstall and see what happens from there. Why..
game-hours: 11.4
review: THIS GAME IS BALLTASTICLY AMAZING
game-hours: 8.7
review: IGN 11/10
game-hours: 32.3
review: AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
game-hours: 39.5
review: its been fun since 2013 but maybe i was overhyped with the graphics for PC but it still feels the same. i think i want my 60$ back. oh wait.
game-hours: 10.7
review: Before I start. I have played this on X360 and X1. You may also ask why did I buy it again? was it worth it? Simple Answer. YES. Now everyone recalls the terrible port GTA4 was, unless you had a decent CPU and GPU it was still slugish. R* have finally redeemed themselves. This is "THE" GTA we have all been waiting for. Smooth, Fast, Fun. Graphic Options and settings in general are VERY well done. GTA Online is smooth as hell. Fun. AND if you have a console character you can transfer it to the PC version and enjoy it from wherever you left off and vice versa. I run this at the upscaled 4K ( nvidia setting ) and 1080p on a i7 4820k, 780Ti, 16GB DDR3 @2400 Win 8.1 in 4k all settings on highest possible ( no need for aliasing ) I averaged 50-60fps and minor dips in the 30s on very very heavey dense scenes but very rare drops tbh. in 1080p maxed out fxaa, msaa 4x, msaa water 2x, TXAA enabled, maxed out settings average of 60-65 fps with a dip into the 50s once in a while but unnoticeable. I have been away from my PC for a very very very long time, with no games to really enjoy, since I have been busy with other console games, but THIS ( even if its a port ) game is making me enjoy what #PCMasterRace is all about. Worth the Pre Order, buy it, you won't regret it.
game-hours: 0.3
review: Finally. Though I'll miss bowling with Roman.
game-hours: 23.8
review: I can finally be gangsta!! *Launches game* *follows all the rules and treats women with respect*
game-hours: 4.3
review: Great game and great graphics
game-hours: 24.7
review: This keeps on happening to me.
game-hours: 47.1
review: 4k Gangster!!!!
game-hours: 4.2
review: 10/10
game-hours: 0.8
review: Some strapped on PC code to tote along a mixed style mess. First off, you have to create a Social Account, which means giving up your email address, a potentially good password, and some other information in order to play a the game in single player. After you create the account you have to go to rockstar's website and turn off a ton of email spam waiting to happen. Like I care whether some webstie tracks my single player stats. Save this garbage for IF I play the game long enough to go online. Just using the menu system is sluggish. The mouse moves really slow, the menus draw like something out of DOS. ESC plops you on a social menu of some sort with a bunch of obscure keys that one does lead to a system menu. Since the game started in windowed mode for some random reason that was the first thing to change. I noted all the settings didn't indicate whether they were max or not at a glance. What game doesn't do this out of the box? You can do global "max" settings and then adjust as needed. Next you go through some pretty boring tutorial mission - go here, do this, use your phone, etc. For once I'll say STEAL SR3's control sceme - fast, efficient, and doesn't involve wacking keys that in every other game actually do what one wants to do - crouch isn't where crouch normally is, prone isn't where prone normally is. If you don't do what the AI tells you it nags at you. Initally after a few nags, the AI took over and did the task. So I did what anyone would do - went over and surfed the web, watched some video, and hoped the tutorial would move itself along. After about 10-15 minutes I switched back over and the AI was still yelling at me to do something. So the first time was a freak incident. As there was no other options available I drugded along another lame tutorial. Which led me to the first beef I have - super twitch wasd controls in vehicles. W and D are either not being pressed or turning the car 100% left or right. So one either wears out the keyboard trying to drive efficiently (think old school Galga) or smacking into everything. SR3 didn't have this issue. So you do the robery tutorial and think that is it for tutorials but noooo you get plopped into a car theft activity - get in a car follow some AI through the streets that instantly loses you if you go through a shortcut, and then get chased by the police in a confusing how do I escape the police activity. So the blue/red flashing dots are police, but if I don't see any on the map, how can they still be chasing me? How about since your wasting my time on something I could care less about while listening to some really crappy rap music there was no tutorial on how to change the game give a tutorial on what this whole cop chase thing is? So after some driving around, smacking into cop cars that magically appear in front of me (Scotty, stop beaming in cop cars 50' away from me, ok?) I avoided them, dropped off the car, watch some bad acting, and then have to get into a car and drive. At this point all I can think of is after 4 games why Rockstar hasn't figured out how to implement a custom main character just like SR3 has been doing since SR1? Why are you wasting my time in a character I can not invest in, but dragging me through the chains of stagnation to do it? C'mon, it's 2015 where is my custom character at? And I quit playing after realizing things wouldn't get much more interesting... waste o money. Save yours and wait until it hits $10 around xmas.
game-hours: 15.6
review: Cannot even run the luncher, nothing shows up after clicked it!!!!!!
game-hours: 14.0
review: Aside from the bug issues with account linking with steam and rockstar's social club, it really is the ultimate version of the game. 9/10.
game-hours: 36.3
review: Been stucked in the game luncher loading process for literally an hour and nothing happened. I tried to restart steam, change compatibility, restart computer and basically anything I could think of, but still couldn't solve the problem. I'm quite disappointed by this weird bug, I don't care about in-game bugs because I know it's not easy to solve every single one of them at launch, but I think players should at least be able to play the game, right?
game-hours: 19.4
review: Runs great on my computer (was built to game, but is getting older (I have a 7880 2GB, just above the recommended)), but I could get better preformance in this game. I have to play around with the graphics settings just a bit, but it's fine for now. Plays well with no crashes, even testing with a 360 controller (yeah, I played it on console, now can't use KB&M for this game because it doesn't feel right). The first person is pretty good, the extra music and car customization is pretty cool, and THANK JEEZOOZ THERE IS AN OPTION FOR CUSTOM MUSIC AGAIN! So far, I've only played 1.1 hours, but I plan to find my graphics settings that I need and port over my old characters. And also play online. Waaaaaaayyy too much online.
game-hours: 25.0
review: The most immersive game I've played since Skyrim.
game-hours: 8.8
review: My review is more of a comparision between my take on the PS3 vs PC versions. I personally love this game and feel they did a great job improving on everything that made GTA4 not so great. So i started with the PS3 version sence release and going from that to this is breathtaking, unbelevable, and just plain awsome! so the possitive +way better graphics compared to this first counsole ports like the PS3 (unsure how it looks on PS4/XB1 but im sure those arr not on "high" settings ether) +First person mode! +your own personal custom radio station (nothing like blasting metal killing gang bangers!) +far better framerate than counsoles (my ps3 looked capped at ~30fps?) +keeping your GTA online progress and getting that preorder money added to that account! Negative (VERY hard to find much) -Driving in 1st person is a little crazy, maybe if they add oculus rift support this will be a possitive ;) -obveous few glictches and bugs but its all minor stuff that will probably get fixed asap SO as you can tell there is basiclly nothing negative over this massive overhaul of the game. And yes it was worth every penny of that $60.... so yea you can say i paid "$120" for this game but it is what it is. and with how amazing this is it feels like a whole new game.
game-hours: 66.9
review: What can i say , it runs so smooth it plays so damned well on max settings on the GTX TITAN i did really like the 2715 resolution until the update put its highest res 1920,1080 but other than that 11/10
game-hours: 19.0
review: Won't launch, this is what we get after two years.
game-hours: 80.5
review: Beutiful and just pure awesome game!
game-hours: 36.4
review: (:
game-hours: 2.3
review: it doesnt work nothing that says steam when have to uplink it to rockastar social club
game-hours: 3.8
review: took 1 hour 15 min to get it working its the same verison as the ps4 except it have a better textures and 60 fps 10/10
game-hours: 8.9
review: It's a bit laggy while I was trying to play the campaign... I have a Lenovo y50 touch screen. Does anyone have the same problem, and if so how can I fix it?
game-hours: 17.6
review: Got my car Impounded while doing a job. Real life simualtor. 11/10
game-hours: 44.0
review: briefly: Optimization - excellent GTA 5 on high graphics settings works better than GTA 4 on low settings, unbelievable but true (taking into account turn off Y.O.B.A graphics settings (ssao, dof, post fx, blur, tesselation, etc.) ========================= 5        4   ,    (   Y.O.B.A.   (ssao, dof, post fx, blur, tesselation, .)
game-hours: 27.4
review: Extremely good looking, great performance, time waster game. A few annoying bugs that may be from hardware customizations, FYI
game-hours: 14.7
review: Best Port ever !! I play everything on ULTRA and its sooo beautiful . I Played it on the PS3 and its soo awesome that u actually can import your character from PS3 . 15/10 !!
game-hours: 92.0
review: 10/10
game-hours: 10.0
review: GTA V for PC brings great framerate, better graphics, and lots of problems for some gamers. You can tell by the reviews. Most (if not almost all) negative reviews are people having trouble launching the game. The positive reviews are full of people loving the PC version of the game. So buying it is a minor risk of will you be able to log in without problems or get stuck troubleshooting. For the moment. Afterwards I can see most reviews turning positive as they enjoy the first person mode with some amazing graphics.
game-hours: 34.1
review: Always good as it is for GTA franchise, even though still found some glitch <GTA ONLINE>, stuting and lagging <BOTH GTA V and GTA ONLINE>. Hopefully Rockstar will look at it soon. Still good for me.
game-hours: 23.5
review: It seems a bunch of people have issues with getting this game to run. Regardless of this my review will NOT be negative and i will try to help people out in this way: IF you are a bullguard user, you might have the problem that your Launcher will not start AT ALL! This is what i did to fix this: Open up bullguard and go to the General Settings under Settings. There will be an option there called Selfprotection (Allow bullguard to protect itself from termination, (or something similar) TURN THIS OFF and reboot your computer, chances are great your launcher will now start normally! :D Now for my actual review: Have not played the game much, but i LOVE the GTA franchise and even though this game has had it's fair share of problems on the PC i am still not gonna be negative about the games. The game looks great and what i have seen from other people playing and what i have played myself the game is loads of Fun!! Go get it!
game-hours: 31.6
review: Been trying to play Online since the game launched on PC and keep getting put into empty lobbies, unable to join crew members and even unable to do random jobs.. tried every single fix suggested by Rockstar, port forwarding, enabling and disabling UPNP, enabling DMZ, disabling Firewalls.. absolutely nothing works and there's still no response from Rockstar, what an absolute waste of money.
game-hours: 27.8
review: Day one issues happen with almost every game. I didn't experience any though. PC gaming takes patience guys. This is the most emersive game in the series by far. There is a lot of world building decent story and fairly exellent gameplay.
game-hours: 28.5
review: Great performance and great gameplay. Couldn't have wished for more.
game-hours: 33.9
review: 11/10 would redelete  from my pc to download this 150GB game and spend 10 hours installing it
game-hours: 22.9
review: Installing this piece of crap was a challenge. Since launch i've had 3 random ingame crashes for no apparent reason. After this much development time they created the ultimate magnificent piece of crap that you can buy today for 59,99. I sincerely recommend gifting this game to your worst enemy.
game-hours: 38.5
review: The first thing I did once I could free roam was: 1. Switch to first person 2. Sprint towards the nearest person. 3. Kill that person by punching them very hard. 4. Stealing their well earned money in illegitimate ways. 5. Felt accomplished knowing that the guy I killed might've been a murderer. 6. Realised that i'm the real murderer. 7. Got some food to celebrate. In short, 10/10, would have an existentialist moment again.
game-hours: 27.0
review: this game is insane
game-hours: 5.2
review: at the moment i dont recommened this game to anyone cuase i jsut paid 40 pounds and it aint working, do something about it?
game-hours: 20.8
review: can't say how disappointed i am right now , seeing the game downloaded for 3 hour and unboxed for 1 hour , i still can't play the game. rockstar such a big company release a game than hasn't been full made and it has a big name GTAV , i mean not what i'm excepting , i hope they can work on that asap .
game-hours: 53.1
review: First Person View FTW. I really like the features. Make me feel that i'm playing a bit of Payday style.
game-hours: 28.8
review: Finally.
game-hours: 77.8
review: *speechless*
game-hours: 34.5
review: I have preordered this game since the 17 th of January. I have waited for this patiently and without a fuss even amidst the constant delays of the release dates. Now after 4 months of waiting and 3 days of non-stop preloading. I go on to my library and clicked play,waited for it to install, then after the install, I created a new social club account which went by without a hiccup. But then when I tried to actually PLAY and RUN the game, I couldn't because I get an error from social club saying "Unable to access rockstar server. Activation of Gta 5 requires an internet connection, Please check your connection and try again". My 0.4 hours on record in steam is not actually in game time but rather time spent on the launcer seeing that error message stated above. Needless to say I am now ABSOLUTELY LIVID. Is it not enough that I gave rockstar my hard earned money even BEFORE I actually got to use the product that I PAYED for? only to be treated like crap with this ridiculous social club DRM, that DOESN"T EVEN WORK in its intended puporse of stopping piracy since pirates get this game for free regardless. Anyways I am done ranting. I just wanted to share experience with GTA 5 on launch day. Who knows maybe in a couple months sever traffic may die down enough for me to actually access rockstar servers and actually play this game. But by that time I probably wouldn't give a hoot anymore. So good going rockstar, thanks for alienating another paying customer. Do I recommend this game? PFFT wank off.
game-hours: 11.0
review: If your PC can handle the FPS issues then yes I would recommend it but as for me, the FPS drops and the constant lock up of my PC, I would rather wait till they sort it all out before trying this game again
game-hours: 75.3
review: Steam cant help this but this is not worth your money, it's a garbage game that only runs in safemode with 800-600 and if you have a nice high end pc for some reason the game just doesnt boot at all. it shows u are playing for a few seconds in steam so if you want to show your friends that you only played gta5 a couple of minutes per week cause you are trying to boot the game up this is the game for you. also if you want the real old ugly style gta you can run it in safemode sadly there is no sound. good luck have fun.
game-hours: 25.4
review: Best game in world, Amazing story, Great voice actors, Never ending things to do. No 720p 30fps graphics #PCMASTERRACE
game-hours: 32.1
review: Nice game
game-hours: 83.6
review: Possibly the best port, hell id even say game i've played in the past 5 years. 10/10 would buy again.
game-hours: 64.4
review: If you don't have/ have played this, MY GOD MAN WHAT ARE YOU DOING.
game-hours: 13.1
review: this game ING sucks. I have to disable my main GPU on my laptop. I have to use the intel video come on!!! This game has been out for 2yrs on console and you can't get a PC port version ing right? Can you es at ROCKSTAR get a game right?
game-hours: 96.5
review: Fu all of the haters, the game is perfect and optimized and nothing wrong with the Social Club. Buy the game and Njoy! Game of the year 11/10
game-hours: 46.3
review: Simply amazing ... Grand theft auto in first person almost makes you feel bad for beating the  out of some random civilian ...ALMOST...
game-hours: 9.1
review: BEST GAME EVER!!! <3
game-hours: 44.6
review: Simply Amazing! Literally!
game-hours: 52.3
review: Well Worth the Wait for PC Gamers, couple of hours played the performance seems conistent, i suppose its all depending on your system. Running at everything ultra looks really nice. rockstar have done a really good job unless you have a ridiculous "windows user name" you will have no problems 10/10 from me. I5 4690k @ 4.6Ghz R9 290 x2 16 GB RAM
game-hours: 3.7
review: Pretty good.
game-hours: 31.4
review: Lots of time will be sunk into this game from any fan of the Grand Theft Auto series, let alone those that enjoy Rockstar's games.
game-hours: 58.8
review: awsome game!!!!!
game-hours: 6.2
review: It took me almost 2 years to write this review. That is all.
game-hours: 24.0
review: it works
game-hours: 12.2
review: It was well worth the wait! Smooth and well optimized, graphics are gorgeous and I'm finally able to go mental in 60+ FPS. 11/10 would download 60 gb again
game-hours: 11.4
review: Excellent, excellent PC version! Well done, very well done Rockstar!
game-hours: 33.8
review: I like it, good port, nice graphics, no peasants.
game-hours: 33.8
review: I like it, good port, nice graphics, no peasants.
game-hours: 168.3
review: It works.
game-hours: 50.8
review: Found the strip club pretty early on. Got caught up in private dances because of all the  cash the preorder gave me. Ended up getting a girl named Infernus to max pleasure, and she offered to take me back to her place. Went to pick her up around back, she ran into my car and fell over as I pulled up, and the screen told me "Infernus is scared." and she walked away. So I got out of the car and went after her. Ended up cocking her in the back of the head and getting 17 bucks. So I go back in the strip club, and find her dancing again. Take her into the back for another private dance. Max out her pleasure again, she offers to take me back to her place. DON'T let her run into my car this time. She gets in and I drive super carefully all the way to her crib. Get there, get out of the car, we walk inside and... Sun goes down and up, next day, I'm outside her place. I don't know what I was expecting. 10/10, would punch her in the back of the head again for 17 dollars.
game-hours: 117.4
review: Plays like it was meant to be a pc game. SLI works. Nvidia dropped a new driver today for this game and SLI optimizations. This is my first time playing this game and i was blown away by the performance the visuals and the level of detail in everything. Just started the story mode but i did some exploring. After i am done causing mayham i will progress through the story mode. But i think this will be one of those games i will be playing for weeks to come.
game-hours: 55.4
review: 100% less GFWL Over 9000% better on PC
game-hours: 33.5
review: I am having too much fun.
game-hours: 10.4
review: Why Game not running? :(
game-hours: 62.0
review: i can not load it up on my pc can anyone help me i have tryed just about everthing i can think of????
game-hours: 66.5
review: I'm feelin a lit ten outa ten on this 1
game-hours: 128.8
review: Yes
game-hours: 98.7
review: Crashed and i spent 2hrs determined to fix it then decided to close dxtory. problem solved Frustration level of i have no hair and a 10/10 to dxtory for being a
game-hours: 10.6
review: Good port from my experiences so far. Be sure to update drivers right away. Went from 20 FPS stuttering to a solid 60 FPS after doing so. Controls are a little strange, but use a controller or custom keybindings to fix it.
game-hours: 46.1
review: It's a GTA, you know what to expect.
game-hours: 14.9
review: 10/10 STRIP CLUB
game-hours: 44.0
review: Game does start you just need to disable the video card to be able to launch social club good game but too laggy
game-hours: 70.7
review: woah!! cool graphics, awesome gameplay to summarize best game EVER!!
game-hours: 22.0
review: Too good
game-hours: 14.2
review: Michael's eyebrows makes her *cough* excuse me him look like a pretty princess Fabulous/10
game-hours: 28.4
review: IDM buying this game twice it was worth it then and now Beautiful game a ING pLUS
game-hours: 18.0
review: Just like all the others - this game is truely amazing. Fully topless nudity lapdances (couldnt believe my eyes, as I'm playing right next to the g/f) to curb stomping crack heads- fully customisable characters & vehicles. GTA Online is freaking amazing as well. Open world w/ 30 players all causing chaos and robbing stores. RockStar really got this one right!
game-hours: 30.7
review: Game is 10/10 if you like getting errors, if not then -10/10.
game-hours: 37.6
review: yes.
game-hours: 79.8
review: Altho its been a bit buggy for some of my friends. for me its pretty good just the loading times a bit annoying :( lets hope for an update soon... Definitely the best game i have ever played so far. I wished we can still do the story with the friends in the online mode but yeah its still fun. story mode is story and when its done mess around with friends on online xD Get it.. its actually worth buying if u have a PC that can run it
game-hours: 12.8
review: This game has a perfect Texture Quality. It's amazing .
game-hours: 41.8
review: jj rockstar jj
game-hours: 49.4
review: it's k.
game-hours: 34.6
review: 10/10 Would be an understatement my friends. Just walking in with my 1mill$ Pre-Order gift. Getting the Top Apt. and a nice car and stuff was an INCREDIBLE AMAZING experience itself...
game-hours: 52.9
review: Grand Theft Auto V runs like a champ. Looks like a king. Plays like a god. Worth every penny.
game-hours: 113.9
review: Runs like butter in my modest settings. Well done Rockstar, well done! Sun of a b***! You did again. Vigorous claps* 10/10
game-hours: 206.6
review: THIS GAME WILL NOT OPEN!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 39.7
review: one word .. awesome !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 72.0
review: FAN-F'n-TASTIC! Beautiful game. Hopped on a waverunner. Took me right back to a summer at Virginia Beach. You will get lost in this city literally and figuratively. WTG Rockstar!
game-hours: 70.5
review: 2 much fun~
game-hours: 24.9
review: This game sucks............. U gotta be kidding me. :D
game-hours: 33.8
review: This game is freaking awesome. I have it totally maxed out at 1920 x1080, at a steady 60. It has absolutely breathtaking visuals. It has been very friendly so far with Crossfire 7970 Lightnings. No issues at all. No flickering or other SLI/Crossfire common issues. It fired right up and worked great! I played about 10 minutes and was amazed, all the time after that was even better. First person view is so awesome. So much easier to drive. When I got to my safe house, Mom's house I am guessing, first thing I did was sit on the couch to watch the hilarious TV shows Rockstar always puts on, my guy smoked a huge dank  jay, and started talking to himself. Then I went to the gunshop and purchased a .45 automatic and a CQC Submachine Gun, there are a ton of mods, such as sound suppressors, optics, and all things that are good. Next on my list is to bang some hookers and then get my money back with my .45 automatic. This game is sweet. 10/10 all around. Graphics 10/10 Gameplay 10/10 Weed Dankness 10/10 Controls 10/10 (A lot to remember.) Guns 10/10 Physics 10/10
game-hours: 62.3
review: Prepare your  buckets and Bagel Bites... This game will consume every bit of time while you're on Steam. From Xbox 360 to Xbox One, I played and beat them on both last and current gen. Now that this definitive edition has released for us PC users, we can take in all the glory that makes GTA V graphically stunning and its downright, addictive gameplay.
game-hours: 7.2
review: Basically the ultimate edition of GTA V runs extremely well, looks fantastic. Buy it...you wont regret it :)
game-hours: 18.2
review: Best game ever ! 10/10
game-hours: 21.8
review: dose any one know how to get the adivition code or can you not play the game with fam share?
game-hours: 8.8
review: Amazing
game-hours: 32.3
review: Word of warning. If you are transferring a character from an Xbox 360 or PS3 account, make sure to log into GTA V Online on the console BEFORE transferring your character on PC! Otherwise you will not transfer all your vehicles. I lost 10 custom cars and had to submit a ticket. This only works if you do it before the character transfer. In case anyone is wondering, you can transfer your character and STILL get your preorder money, so dont stress about it. Other than that, THIS GAME IS AMAZING, 10/10 LAPDANCES!
game-hours: 81.8
review: I can't handle all this awesomeness!
game-hours: 6.9
review: <3
game-hours: 33.9
review: amazing, everything i have hoped for runs wonderfully.
game-hours: 64.9
review: Rockstar delivers, PC version is much better than what the console peasants got
game-hours: 31.8
review: My Freinds Ask Me To Come With Them Durring Online Play. Im Stuck In The StripClub Looking At The HIgh Def Boobs. Gotta Love Thoes Strippers
game-hours: 14.9
review: 10 out of 10 Would die over and over again.
game-hours: 39.9
review: O M G Best GTA EVER! I'm sorry Kyrat, I'm moving to Los Santos again. Nothing they promissed is missing. Thanks Rockstar, worth every penny!
game-hours: 56.1
review: can't go bowling with my cousin roman 0/10
game-hours: 75.1
review: Alot games don't really excite me these days - getting tired of poor physics and graphics. But gta v has been one of the most enjoyable games i've played in a while. Personally tho, there is one con, there's no ads sensitivity setting. Any game trying to pull off fps gameplay needs to know that fps players need the ads setting!
game-hours: 47.1
review: Great launch by Rockstar, great port, great game 10/10 must own. 60 fps ultra on my gtx 970. Lived up to its hype.
game-hours: 37.6
review: I drove my Ducati into an SUV in First Person and got PTSD from the crash. 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 71.8
review: This game made me rob banks
game-hours: 66.2
review: Once you're done loading.... THIS GAME IS MOTHERING AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!1111!!!!111!
game-hours: 19.6
review: Rockstar did a great job, I wouldn't even call this a "port" from consoles. Just an entirely new version of the game. I am able to run it with a 3770k + GTX780 at 4k and get ~50-60FPS maxed out, I enabled SLI for my second GTX 780 and I am running at over 100FPS (90-144) with both cards. The first person mode + drunk is amazing when driving because you actually get the holy  I'm about to  up moment. But overall, I have only crashed one time due to driver issues, but so far so good. R* is one of the few game developers who still actually give a crap about PC and the optimization in this game running at 4K is amazing. All other game developers should feel shamed.
game-hours: 8.8
review: I owned GTAV for the XBOX 360 and waited for the PC release to purchase it on a "next gen" system. It was well worth the wait. The graphics are simply amazing and first person view completely changes the game for me.
game-hours: 55.3
review: I actually think this is a good game, unfortunately I can't play it on PC because the launcher keeps crashing Rockstar, this is the second time this game's launch went to , as thousands of others are having the same error as me. I will remove this review (If that's even possible) once Rockstar fixes the damn issue. KEEP IN MIND I AM WRITING THIS" REVIEW 14 HOURS AND 45 MINUTES AFTER RELEASE
game-hours: 40.2
review: 10/10 It was worth the 2 year weight.
game-hours: 84.5
review: very well done game and very optimized.
game-hours: 45.9
review: I've been waiting for this game so long... And when it finally came out, i was not disappointed.
game-hours: 1.4
review: PS4 version looks and runs better. It can feel nice for a bit at 60fps but frequent frame drops destroy the experience. There is also a very restrictive graphics options menu, as in you can change the options but the game will not let you play the game if it thinks you are out of memory. This can happen often as the game does not pick up on multiple graphics cards and large amounts of ram. A better port than GTAIV but its still not a high enough quality to warrant purchasing this version. Only buy if you have a rig way above the reccomended settings and can afford a new hard drive because this is a resource hog and a disgusting large game to install. All in all the order for GTA V goes PS4/XBONE > PC >360/ PS3.
game-hours: 27.4
review: It is just the best game I have ever played in my entired life! Very well made! If the first person mode had the rear view mirrors with quality view at least for the driver I would call it 100%
game-hours: 21.4
review: *Pro tip, ignore the negative reviews that have 20+ hours of gameplay but their review states they are locked out of the game... By far the best game in the series. First Person View mode is a great addition to an already fantastic game, crisp graphics and a video editor are just icing on the cake. Story is good and improved from previous versions by having 3 main characters, all of which are introduced to eachother through some pretty funny circumstances. The multiplayer is top notch and considering it was a free update (from 360/PS3) it's amazing Rockstar has delivered as much as they did. Heists improve the MP even further by giving you a team and multiple objectives to work towards a high payout. None of the previous GTAIV issues on PC are present and it really seems Rockstar learned some valuable lessons from their previous release. I can't recommend this game enough.
game-hours: 4.3
review: Estoy muy decepcionado devido a que cada vez que abro el launchar me dice Cargando... y no pasa nada y tengo la ultima version y he seguido todos los pasos para poder jugar a este juego, espero solucion YA para que cambie mi nota
game-hours: 30.7
review: So.... I have a valid windows name, and yet when I launch GTAV, social club crashes due to an unknown error. Truly a shame I decided to pre download it if everything was for naught. Currently uninstalling and reinstalling, hoping for the best. In the meanwhile, a big fat nope is a verdict if I can't even get past the login system.
game-hours: 22.1
review: Love the game so far! i havent noticed any problems yet.It just took some time @ the launch of the game. Im running it with MSI GTX970 and a I7-4790 with 16GB ram. Really Amazing graphics and game! i recommend it :) 10/10
game-hours: 36.9
review: Solid optimization! The game runs and feels great. I haven't played this since it originally came out.... I loved it then..... and now I love it even more now! Good job Rockstar 10/10 <3
game-hours: 58.2
review: I will not be reviewing the content, because i guess everybody knows what to expect (i have never played and seen almost no footage of console gamplay so im having a blast on story mode) Performance wise my specs are i7 2600k 4.5ghz - GTX970 - 32gb ram Purchase went smooth as it gets, buy, download, register for the first time to RSC, launch and play, just like that. Game runs really fine for me almost maxed except AA (just FXAA), grass on very high (there is ultra) and shadows on high. Almost 100fps, using vsync anyway to avoid screen tearing. I havent jump into online yet and it seems a lot of people are having troubles for now. For my personal experience i would recommend it 100%
game-hours: 19.5
review: If you buy this game, well there goes your life.
game-hours: 71.7
review: If you haven't bought this game yet, you're an idiot.
game-hours: 36.9
review: Solid optimization! The game runs and feels great. I haven't played this since it originally came out.... I loved it then..... and now I love it even more now! Good job Rockstar 10/10 <3
game-hours: 58.3
review: I will not be reviewing the content, because i guess everybody knows what to expect (i have never played and seen almost no footage of console gamplay so im having a blast on story mode) Performance wise my specs are i7 2600k 4.5ghz - GTX970 - 32gb ram Purchase went smooth as it gets, buy, download, register for the first time to RSC, launch and play, just like that. Game runs really fine for me almost maxed except AA (just FXAA), grass on very high (there is ultra) and shadows on high. Almost 100fps, using vsync anyway to avoid screen tearing. I havent jump into online yet and it seems a lot of people are having troubles for now. For my personal experience i would recommend it 100%
game-hours: 19.5
review: If you buy this game, well there goes your life.
game-hours: 71.7
review: If you haven't bought this game yet, you're an idiot.
game-hours: 45.8
review: Loved it then loved it now
game-hours: 112.3
review: well for the first 24 hours i couldn't play but after i finally found a fix I was too pist off to enjoy the game but its okay I mean the game refuse to stay at 60 fps but its good
game-hours: 26.9
review: Very Fun Game ..... I am Pretty Sure You Knew That Tho !
game-hours: 67.2
review: Gred theif batmobile W is gud because
game-hours: 16.6
review: please fix
game-hours: 36.4
review: REALLY WELL OPTIMIZED!!! Played it on PS3, and now on PC its AWESOME! running with almost everything on high or very high at 1080p with DX11, it was worth the wait and delays. Hardware: i5 2500k @stock 8GB 500gb sata2 (OS + games) R9 280 3GB Dual-X 900w CM UCP Tried running it with my old 5850 1gb TOXIC, and it run pretty well with everything on LOW at 1080p with DX10 100% RECOMMENDED! PS: graphics are IC!
game-hours: 22.1
review: Love the game so far! i havent noticed any problems yet.It just took some time @ the launch of the game. Im running it with MSI GTX970 and a I7-4790 with 16GB ram. Really Amazing graphics and game! i recommend it :) 10/10
game-hours: 36.9
review: Solid optimization! The game runs and feels great. I haven't played this since it originally came out.... I loved it then..... and now I love it even more now! Good job Rockstar 10/10 <3
game-hours: 58.3
review: I will not be reviewing the content, because i guess everybody knows what to expect (i have never played and seen almost no footage of console gamplay so im having a blast on story mode) Performance wise my specs are i7 2600k 4.5ghz - GTX970 - 32gb ram Purchase went smooth as it gets, buy, download, register for the first time to RSC, launch and play, just like that. Game runs really fine for me almost maxed except AA (just FXAA), grass on very high (there is ultra) and shadows on high. Almost 100fps, using vsync anyway to avoid screen tearing. I havent jump into online yet and it seems a lot of people are having troubles for now. For my personal experience i would recommend it 100%
game-hours: 19.5
review: If you buy this game, well there goes your life.
game-hours: 71.7
review: If you haven't bought this game yet, you're an idiot.
game-hours: 45.8
review: Loved it then loved it now
game-hours: 112.3
review: well for the first 24 hours i couldn't play but after i finally found a fix I was too pist off to enjoy the game but its okay I mean the game refuse to stay at 60 fps but its good
game-hours: 26.9
review: Very Fun Game ..... I am Pretty Sure You Knew That Tho !
game-hours: 67.2
review: Gred theif batmobile W is gud because
game-hours: 16.6
review: please fix
game-hours: 48.8
review: ..   ..        !!       ??
game-hours: 23.6
review: JUST ING AMAZING
game-hours: 81.3
review: thanks console peasents for beta testing this for 2 years so we could get a better game than you.....and the best part is no gfwl. pc master race ftw
game-hours: 47.8
review: Running great on my PC, ~1 hours of play, very stable, no freezes no crashes, rock solid 60FPS on high settings, I actually think the game was very conservative with the auto tuning, I fiddle with settings later and try max settings. The game looks gorgeous and it's really good fun so far, seems like Rockstar got the port spot on. At the moment I highly recommend this game for PC, i'll return later on with a more in depth review.
game-hours: 78.0
review: its ok
game-hours: 58.5
review: suge knight simulator
game-hours: 64.7
review: Launched game, went into graphics settings, set everything on max. Started benchmark. Loads for 3 minutes or so. Benchmark starts playing, hang on, that's not a benchmark, that's the start of the story mode. One second later, camera switches to benchmark scene. A few seconds later, camera switches back to story mode (can hear lady screaming for her life), few seconds later, it switches back to benchmark (where the jet is flying). Few seconds later, Booooom, slow motion, mission failed message pops up. I click on Retry, story mode restarts. I play story mode. Right after the part where I loot the vault and shoot the cop in the head, the game blacks out. Tried to run benchmark, launched both story mode and benchmark simultaneously. 10/10
game-hours: 21.2
review: Amazing.
game-hours: 60.5
review: I preloaded and installed the game but now if I want to play it, the launcher just wont start. It says "preparing to launch GTA V" and then it closes. Please help!
game-hours: 0.2
review: why does my game not work? I downloaded it and then when i click play nothing happens. Then i went onto my task manager and then i clicked play again and the GTAV launcher appeared. then about 10 seconds later it just disappears. Can someone plz help me and dell me how to fix this? Thanks!
game-hours: 21.7
review: I'm taking a vacation for next week, buying a lot of food and let myself completely pull in the game!
game-hours: 7.4
review: You know I was really excited to finally play this game, even though the release date had been pushed back and pushed back I was really happy to preload it and play. I thought to myself, "oh they must just be taking extra time to make sure it all works out! That is great! I am really glad someone cares about us pc gamers!" But of course why ever have something good and just work when you release it when you can get someone to pay $60 for something that you know they won't refund because they of course want to actually play the game and just hope maybe someday that they might be able to play. It is really frustrating to me to buy into the hype when it is so obvious that we are just not cared about by big gaming corporations. If you make it work I will of course be happier but it doesn't change the fact that it shouldn't be an issue in the first place.
game-hours: 56.6
review: The best game i ever played. No words to describe. 10/10
game-hours: 107.2
review: 0/10 can't play
game-hours: 8.9
review: Wow what can I say this game is easily a masterpiece. The gameplay, the graphics, and the story are all amazing. All the delays were well worth the wait.
game-hours: 9.7
review: BEST GAME EVER.................HMMMM.......YA.....
game-hours: 40.8
review: I saw a cat floating in mid-air! 10/10
game-hours: 31.2
review: Excessive use of "a" 8/10
game-hours: 26.8
review: LOADING SIMULATOR V is a flawless port of one of the most successful games in history, polished during many months to squeeze all the potential of your rig. 60bucks well spent I hope you enjoy.
game-hours: 2.9
review: Maybe release a game that actually launches.
game-hours: 5.1
review: It's like Skyrim with Guns M80/M8
game-hours: 18.2
review: It's fun, looks gorgeous and has a ton of graphics settings to tweak. Well optimized game. Haven't had an issue so far. It was truly worth the wait. 10/10
game-hours: 45.4
review: Had it for ps3 and ps4. Honestly I want to upgrade my graphics card a bit to meet my wants but others wise its playing really well for what I have. Games already a 10/10 but on pc 11/10
game-hours: 36.1
review: Waste my time and money. Tried everything but can`t get the game started. It said I can only play the Offline mode,however I should login though Online mode first,and question is ,it did not let me play the Online mode. Is there anyone facing same problem?
game-hours: 41.3
review: Unreal. Runs flawlessly at 1440p with 2 780s. Couldn't ask for a better game.
game-hours: 87.8
review: Just wow... FPS view is so seemless and the game is just amazing! Great port, no hick ups while using crossfire. Getting steady frames. Worth all of the waiting i had to suffer =P. Very polished, Very fun, worth every penny. 2 thumbs freaking up!
game-hours: 23.2
review: The game extremely well optimized. 60FPS With beautiful graphics.
game-hours: 16.8
review: Great port to PC. OVERCAST GAME
game-hours: 6.3
review: Waited years to write this review. 11/10.
game-hours: 24.4
review: This is my first gta game ...Man!! this game F%%k Awsome...It runs good in my gtx 970 FTW+ NOW plz Rockstar bring RDR to PC!!
game-hours: 64.7
review: Ok, first, I have to say: Why don't you already have this game? And secondly, if you do own the game and are just reading the reviews for chuckles, hello! THE SILLY REVIEW (since this game deserves it): Upon playing the first time, I was pulled over by a police officer in the small truck-stop town of Paleto Bay, while driving a rusty tractor down the interstate. Probably for going too slow on my journey back to Los Santos and holding many a semi truck back. Then, while waiting for the officer to come around to me, I see his car and him scooting by, being rammed by a small pickup. The pickup was then blown up by a sniper team in a helicopter, for assaulting an officer. Continued to Los Santos on my tractor without further interruption. THE SERIOUS REVIEW: Uhhh... Later. I've, uhm, still gotta finish the game. PC forever!
game-hours: 37.4
review: Performs exceptionally well on 2 660s with 16GB of RAM and a i7. Lots of fun.
game-hours: 35.8
review: Jerking while your friend is in the shower is the best feature of the game
game-hours: 65.0
review: Yes. After over 1.5 years, yes.
game-hours: 18.6
review: You dont have to listen to your russian cousin again, and you can take selfies. 13.37/10
game-hours: 41.8
review: I am a biggest fan of Grand theft auto and i been waiting for this game on pc since last years but i as a pc gamer i hate rockstar delaying to much for this game, in my mind i thought okay if i wait rockstar will make perfect grand theft auto 5 for pc without bugs, glitch and rockstar will optimize the game perfectly but i was wrong when i play it there is alot of bugs, glitch, missing image, poorly optimization, there line on the character face, the game crashes while trying to launch and forever to load please rockstar please do something about this issues fix it i hope you patch it.
game-hours: 42.7
review: 10/10 Amazing First Person and Thrid Person. This game just shows many possibilities that can come to this game!
game-hours: 23.5
review: -the best game ever -10/10 -rockstar u rock!
game-hours: 25.8
review: Can't Post a review yet... Hasn't been able to be opened. Downloading directly from rockstar social club as the CD-key unlocked it for me. We shall see if it works.
game-hours: 47.6
review: Didn't expect it to be that good on PC. Great story and awsome multiplayer (10/10)
game-hours: 49.0
review: Having put ~150 hours into the 360 version of this game, I can say this is a vast improvement. Not only visually, but in the playstyle as well. I see that a lot of people are having issues with the game, and all I can say is that I haven't had any issues, and I'm running on 8 gb of RAM and a 750 TI 2GB SC. Getting a solid 60 frames on some mid range settings. The technical issues are a big problem, but will surely be fixed within a week of release. Rockstar isn't known for their stelar releases, but they usually fix them pretty quick. To those coming from console versions, you will notice better graphics, provided you have a capable PC. To those who have never played the game, oh boy are you in for a treat with this one. This is simply a game you must own, regardless on what platform you play it on. The constant online updates that the devs give adds a nice flare to an already mouthwatering and addictive multiplayer. I give this a 9/10, only off by 1 point because of current technical issues.
game-hours: 55.8
review: Worth the wait. Experienced zero glitches, and fluid gameplay. i5-3570k, GTX770 4GB. High to Very HIgh on all settings, excepts AA.
game-hours: 77.6
review: amazing game :D
game-hours: 11.7
review: My game keeps crashing when I try to play online, it keeps telling me that the game has closed unexpectly. Always happens when im starting a mission or going in my apt. Plz fix it or i want a refund
game-hours: 2.2
review: After playing for months on both Playstation consoles I decided to check out the PC version. All versions console and PC are amazing but PC is a step ahead of everything else. After playing for about 15 minutes I can honestly say I will not play this on my PS4 anymore(not to take anything away from that version). The graphics, the controls, the load times, and the FPS are all top notch. I transfered over my main character so I was the only level 90 in a lobby full of 3-5 level players haha. If you have a console version I highly recommend getting this version and transferring over your character.
game-hours: 25.4
review: Can hit the bong and drink whiskey. 10/10
game-hours: 27.2
review: Great game. I enjoy exploring the map which is huge. Love it, will spent this weekend playing 10/10
game-hours: 7.3
review: great game
game-hours: 8.7
review: i remember it saying that i would get a extra 350k for pre-ordering gta before march 31...... didnt happed ... but i still got the 1 mil for online and 500k or the story mode. I have a decent computer ( not a monster but a good one ) and it runs very smooth on MY settings. It look beautiful btw. there are also bugs like when you rob a grocery store and the door wont open leaving you stranded in there, Also when i am driving close to a bridge i see a giant grey triangle right inside of it which confuses me because i can see everythibg around it quite nicely but its just that damn bridge. What would i rate it ?? based on day one errors ( that have been fixed within 24 hours ) and bugs and minor glitches....... a solid 8. this is a must buy if you have not played the consloe versions or if you have some extra cash to throw around. NOTICE: gta online works now fyi just incase you dont know or if you heard it is broken.
game-hours: 10.2
review: I can't shoot my kid. dull.
game-hours: 10.2
review: I can't shoot my kid. dull.
game-hours: 7.8
review: You Rockstar! I bought this game and my computer was an 800 dollar gaming computer and i can play GTA V for a while(10 minutes) and then is says GTA V closed unexpectivly and i just now had to delete it and redownload which will take ing forever. Please update the game or contact me. Help me fix the problem oh and i cant even play online, the farthest ive ever gotten was to the choose ur character thing. please help me anyone just message me! Sincerly, Shrek(matt).
game-hours: 61.1
review: The game runs fine for me. Overall the game is a solid story you should get if you want to see how it plays out. You are given the option to skip quests if you fail them too many times. The only bad thing about this game some systems won't run it or some systems run it at very low settings. People have been vocal about that part. As well as it links your socail club account(online) with whatever email you used to pay for the game. Keep that in mind. I like it so far. I would pay for it again. Overall good game. Should research if you can run it and other stuff to be safe.
game-hours: 74.0
review: I finally got to use first person mode and like not even 2 minutes in head on collision with a truck 10/10
game-hours: 9.0
review: Stomped a cat. 10/10 would stomp again.
game-hours: 12.7
review: Best Grand Theft Auto game to date! The first person view definately makes it a whole new game. The only bad thing is that it's hard to control a vehicle when driving or flying in first person but with the Oculus Rift coming out I think this game will only get better.
game-hours: 75.1
review: I like it
game-hours: 60.3
review: Pre-ordered GTA 5 Ordered Alienware Alpha (i3 8Gb) Waited for Alienware to show up Game released Still waiting on computer Got impatient Installed on crappy laptop Started playing Story mode Unlocked pre-order bonus on laptop character Thought 'cloud storage for story character' Alienware Alpha shows up No cloud storage Lost $500,000 in Story Mode Got angry Started playing GTA Online on Alpha Paired in lobby with newbs (not noobs) Keep getting killed Lost vehicle Stole pickup truck Customized with metallic red and gorgeous Cruise around Los Santos like a boss Absolutely wreck truck Search for garage Other player being chased by police Accidentally rear-end cop right outside of garage Begin high speed chase around Los Santos Glitch into a sign Cannot break sign Cops kill me Truck impounded Break into impound lot Steal back truck High speed chase begins again Evade police Find garage Killed by player 10/10, would go through it all again.
game-hours: 71.8
review: This.. I did not expect that. I really didn't. This game shows R* for what they truly are, a company that respects their fans. It shows R* in a good "tone", they're not just some money-grabbing company that doesn't give a damn about their players, no, they're something more. And for that, I respect them back. As for the game, there's nothing to say, really. It's extremely well optimized and well-made for the PC. All the graphics options are there, and since today, you can actually change your settings however you want to. Even if you have a 1gb graphics card you can play on med-high settings with 60 fps. The game had a great launch, though at first I thought I wouldn't be able to play, because the game started for me minimized and at a crappy resolution with most of the graphics options set to "normal" and "off". The Online portion of the game is great, and it's extremely well made. You can have up to 30 players in a lobby and still have constant 60 fps, which is just ground breaking for me. But, ofcourse, what a R* launch is it without f*ck ups, right? This time, thank God, it was nothing major. People that had their Windows profiles written in other languages (I think it was only Russian, I'm not quite sure.) couldn't launch/install or log in to the game properly. Thankfuly, it was fixed in a couple of hours and everyone could play. Now, I just wanted to talk about the "fun" aspect of the game. So, here we go. The game is extremely fun while played with a bunch of friends. You can do anything, from chasing your friends in an armed helicopter across the State, or rob banks, stores and so on. If you're a lone wolf, and you don't have any friends (jk not jk :D) you can always make some in-game with a new chat system. Ofcourse, the Voice comms are still there, and if I'm not mistaken, they have a new codec, which makes the voices even clearer. So, we waited. We waited long enough. Was it worth it? Yes, it was. Were the delays worth it? Abso-f**king-lutely. Here we go, my final verdict is a 9/10. Keep in mind, that it wasn't a perfect launch, and that the game for some people (me included) is almost 2,5 years old. If I didn't play it on the console, it would have been a 10/10, but I just can't "undo" my multiple playthroughs on the console.
game-hours: 22.0
review: Niko its Roman, Lets go bowling! - Never again!
game-hours: 19.1
review: great game love it
game-hours: 96.4
review: Amazing. Worth the wait
game-hours: 47.0
review: Have been waiting for this game for almost 2 years. I was extremely excited. Until yesterday, GTA V Social CLub UI kept crashing. I hope there is a fix for this ASAP. Although this has been a frustrating many hours of installing and reinstalling but still no success, I rate the game 10/10 Rockstar fix the errors that so many people are dealing with so we can play this game that we have been waiting years to play.
game-hours: 20.8
review: Some bugs on heist, but gameplay is smooth. Sexiest graphics ever.
game-hours: 24.7
review: Took me 2 hours after release to actually get online, but the preorder money got me a nice plane, which is nice.
game-hours: 32.0
review: its not ubisoft 10/10
game-hours: 72.4
review: good game
game-hours: 104.3
review: It has blimps! 10/10
game-hours: 1.5
review: how to make play gta v no lag??
game-hours: 51.3
review: It's the best game ever!
game-hours: 72.6
review: You can drive with friends in one car, while they hold their middlefingers out of the window to jerk off everyone else. 10/10
game-hours: 23.7
review: this by far the best pc game i have played in a long time i wasnt 100% sure i could run this game at a decent fps because gta 4 was bad for fps on my old HD7750 but i got to say i get better frame rate with this then a game thats older my hat is off to rockstar for that. this is a must have game and it was worth the wait if you are considering getting it then you should just do it also go for if you arent its still a must have and i rarely say that
game-hours: 75.4
review: IF you are A BULLGUARD ueser then Turn off ur SELF PROTECTION . Restart the computer and , YOU MAY ENTER COME! if it dont work turn off the anti virus, open the game and turn it on after
game-hours: 24.4
review: I think gta 5 shuts down the debate. Optimization is top notch, everybody can play it. Well the rest you know haha.
game-hours: 0.5
review: Best game ever, but have a lag spike every 2 minutes :(
game-hours: 46.3
review: I had more armour than Ned Stark's plot, yet I still get killed and betrayed by friends. Turns out one does not simply walk into Los Santos. 8/8 Fantastically optimised PC game. That's all you need to know.
game-hours: 79.1
review: No cousin Roman 11/10 Would not go bowling with that @#%%&$^*$^*#$^@#!#$!!! cousin again
game-hours: 31.5
review: Fun to play..
game-hours: 11.3
review: To be completely honest, I had it on 360. Never seen it's full potential till now. The graphics and framerate are a giant improvement and I'm running it at ultra. Get this game, even if purely it's for the online element, that's all I've done thus far.
game-hours: 59.1
review: Only preordered to have more money for the stripclub. It was totaly worth it. 10/10
game-hours: 22.7
review: PC Master race strikes again. 11/10 would sell all consoles immediately
game-hours: 19.8
review: THis game is just beautiful. Everything looks stunning, especially the water and how the city looks at night. 10/10 THis game is so much fun.
game-hours: 77.0
review: I am having a good time with this Game. I think its much better optimized for pc than GTA IV. I am having some framedrops but I am damn happy to be in Los Santos. My Hardware is a GTX 570 ,a Phenom II X4 965 BE 3,4Ghz and 8GB RAM. Its not the newest but still manage to get between 30-60fps at Middle/High Options. The Story is nice, loads of Sideactivitys, a lot of Stuff to do and I am looking forward to GTA Online. But first I will play the Story ofc. What I also like is that there is actually a graphic difference between the Console versions and the PC. If you have a good PC you can make GTA V really damn beautiful. Will update the Review soon... Death to all Pirates!
game-hours: 28.6
review: This review took me almost 2 years to write and was delayed 3 times.
game-hours: 30.4
review: Well worth the wait. GTA V on PC is fantastic. A complete mastery of an already amazing game.
game-hours: 67.3
review: GAME OF THE YEAR.........
game-hours: 61.3
review: Best Loading simulator 2015 11/10 would pay another 60 for this.
game-hours: 16.1
review: There is one thing missing...... "Hey Niko, it's your cousin! Let's go Bowling?"
game-hours: 24.6
review: Outstanding game, best optimized game of 2015!
game-hours: 21.6
review: GTA V for PC is a dream come true. Pros: -good game Cons: -i died and my entire computer crashed so im afraid to even play the game anymore
game-hours: 52.1
review: Another great game in the series. Finally on PC. I personally enjoy the graphics better.
game-hours: 20.6
review: it runs really smooth for about 5 minutes after that i get weird stutters every few seconds. might just be me , or maybe a bug... will keep it possitive for now in the hope it gets fixed.
game-hours: 69.4
review: It's an optimized GTA game on PC. Just BUY IT!
game-hours: 37.5
review: Best Game!!! GTA V, Graphics are AMAZING! Love this GAME!
game-hours: 29.0
review: I've already played GTAV twice before, but not like this. GTAV for PC is a good port, if you where wondering. Theres a few rendering glitches as of this review but Rockstar is good about fixing this game. Basically its GTA4 but not  and has non-modded first-person mode, which works extreamly well. Pick this game up, now.
game-hours: 63.3
review: best game ever.
game-hours: 43.5
review: I've said this before... Sell an arm, your mother... whatever. Get this game if you only buy one in 2015. you will not be disappointed.
game-hours: 42.5
review: Rockstar Doest it again! Great Graphics, gameplay and just everything else! GTA V is always awesome! Early on there are still problems that people are facing with and the Online servers are at bad state! But this is only for a short time! Nontheless If you played this game on Consoles you will be rewarded on this PC version!
game-hours: 27.7
review: i sware the game was coming out on Friday but im not complaining, GG this made my day!
game-hours: 45.5
review: 9/11 would boots before I cats
game-hours: 18.7
review: 100% PURE SEX
game-hours: 14.7
review: Like it so far.
game-hours: 45.0
review: Fairly GPU demanding but if you can run it, it looks ridiculously good. Plays smoothly and everything feels good. Only downside I've seen is that every time I load the game it goes back into window mode. Other than that GG Rockstar.
game-hours: 53.6
review: it has backstreet boys. ING BACKSTREET BOYS 10/10
game-hours: 30.3
review: awsome game its so much fun with friends!!!
game-hours: 67.3
review: great pc port no problem with ultrawide moniter and seems well optimiseed gtx 970 = max settings but looks great online seems a bit broken atm but thats expected
game-hours: 33.5
review: This is like the console game, except better #PCMR
game-hours: 10.7
review: It is a great game very fun and i've read a few negative reviews saying it crashed as soon as i started it up. Well my solution is read the min specs before you buy a triple a title game your computer probably doesnt have the specs to run it and if thats not the case if you have a nvidia card you can get some drivers for it that make it run a hell of a lot better. I also had some problems with social club here are some options 1.Make a new social club until rockstar fixes it 2.Reset Your password and email and sign with those new credentials on a rating scale of 1-10 i'd give Grand Theft Auto 5 for the PC a 8.5/10
game-hours: 46.7
review: Best game ever, what to add :D
game-hours: 53.8
review: Started the game, Instantly went to the strip club. 10/10 would buy again.
game-hours: 50.1
review: Hit a bong that made me high for 30 minutes 420/10 Smoke w33d everyday
game-hours: 44.1
review: I'VE WAITED MY ENTIRE LIFE FOR THIS! AWW DAMN IT WAS WORTH THE WAIT
game-hours: 49.5
review: This is a beautiful pc port. If only they hadn't delayed it so much.
game-hours: 15.1
review: For the last 2 years , I never tried to know about this game, I managed not to watch a video , or a trailer, gameplay streaming, ever, not even a screenshot. Never ever raise the expectation. I dont want to know anything about it before I could actually play it. Console players are playing already yeah just fxxk them. For 2 years. Now here it comes. Wait a sec, why no WORKSHOP !!!
game-hours: 46.8
review: Well... BEST PORT EVER!
game-hours: 89.8
review: Hookers, strippers, naked cultists, what's not to like?
game-hours: 54.2
review: i think apparently some nvidia users are screwed they cant get through social club launcher. there is solution and got it finally working. I found working solution this page
game-hours: 28.0
review: Unpacking simulator 2015. 10/10
game-hours: 18.5
review: Amazing game, long awaited for the PC but it doesn't matter i thoroughly enjoyed playing it on Xbox 360, Xbox One and will do so on the PC until the next GTA comes out, Highly recommend, its not a horrible console port either its built with PC Gamers and all kinds of Rig builds in mind, for people who are skeptical my rig is I7 4790K, GTX 970, 16GB Ram and playing with vsync on at 60fps constant on the highest settings possible @ 1080p, it will dip like most games but all i got was 50 at lowest.
game-hours: 29.6
review: Fix fps problems with 970's please.
game-hours: 31.9
review: Still waiting on the time then i cant play.
game-hours: 46.7
review: Finally! 10/10
game-hours: 44.2
review: GTA 5/5
game-hours: 56.4
review: This game is so good that it wont even turn on 9/11 -IGN
game-hours: 44.9
review: Absolutely amazing. Nothing bad to say about the game itself, other than the fact that when I first started playing it driving around in the cars started to drop my framerate horribly from straight up 60, down to 5 or lower which really made me mad, but a couple of restarts of the game later Bam its fine. 11/9
game-hours: 56.2
review: FPS rate is really well, even much more smooth than old GTA4. Rockstar did a good job !
game-hours: 21.7
review: Right now I still can't play gta v. My GTA V always exit unexpectedly.
game-hours: 72.0
review: I don't really give a reviews on video games but for GTA V i should say something. The graphics are great and most importantly it is on PC .As a pc gamer I had a big trouble playing it on joysticks . Anyway More Detailed reviews should come from other guys who are good on it . Enjoy the game !
game-hours: 26.6
review: Already creamed my jenes, not even 5% in 10/10 hookers shanked
game-hours: 28.9
review: This game is amazing! it runs so smoothly and has almost no bugs at all and it was only released 4 hours ago! Rockstar I forgive you for the delays because this is one of the best PC launches ive seen.
game-hours: 12.3
review: GTA 5 finally arrives on PC and i so happy
game-hours: 17.5
review: I can finally play it! It's a good port.
game-hours: 27.0
review: after download cant launch cant play please help to fix the problem thankyou
game-hours: 20.9
review: Just do it!
game-hours: 0.3
review: This is a great game that I would strongly recomend to anyone who loves just cause, other GTA instalments or even open world adventure/action games. It has a vast array of activities or missions from killing cops to doing yoga (as featured in one of the many trailers). Although it may be fun, the many activities ARE kind of a selling point for the game and generally they give way to the imfamous ultra-violence typical to GTA. Basically, some of the games are used only to boast of the games size and people maily will ignore them. I STRONGLY RECOMEND that you READ AND COMPARE the SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS due to the fact that it IS a very demanding game and that playing GTA 5 in 600x800 with half a second delay is, while semi-playable, extremly disapointing and worth nowhere near the cost of the game. I WOULD deffinetly recomend the game to any casual or extreme gamer as it is an all-round fun time (+ we PC gamers get to laugh at the console players trying to aim on controller!!!).
game-hours: 19.1
review: Social ui Has stop working.........
game-hours: 56.2
review: I've played this game on the old gen consoles and the new gen consoles, and I have to say, the PC version is much better, both visually and game-play wise. If you have some money left over, want a really good story and addictive online gameplay, then buy this game... like right now, no questions, don't hesitate and you won't regret it.
game-hours: 16.5
review: My favorite part of the game is when I spend the whole time trying to get the social club launcher to let me play the game. 9/10 would not DRM again. please. No more DRM. For. the. love. of. god.
game-hours: 22.6
review: Why the game crasded when open it????
game-hours: 14.3
review: Don't buy this game if you want to have fun with friends. You won't make it past the tutorial that takes multiple hours of you guessing where to go since you actually recieve no "tutoring". If you want to spend hours doing the same thing over and over go for it, otherwise stay away.
game-hours: 21.7
review: I'm in love
game-hours: 17.5
review: YES.
game-hours: 11.5
review: This doesn't work, I have been trying to make this stupid game launch for the past 3 hours. Got it once then it froze and will not re-launch... WTF
game-hours: 38.0
review: Absolutly steller launch. Ultra settings with no lag at all. Online servers all worked out perfectly. No bugs as of yet. Better launch on PC than any big studio game in quite a while.
game-hours: 29.7
review: I can only say I get more pleasure out of this then porn...
game-hours: 24.9
review: Played on PS3,PS4 and now PC ... definitely the best of the best on PC - feel like a new game completely (even if PS4 is basically made from a middle range/high range pc platform) but it feel so awesome.. sad that I can't even max it out to the top due to my 7870XT not having enough ram :( 2gb is not enough .. didn't know I would say that one day - if you want to play everything maximum in 1080p - require at least 3gb GDDR5 memory on your GPU (graphic card) - but other than that Averaging 45fps on FX-6300 - 3.5ghz 6 core Sapphire HD7870XT - With boost edition 2gb GDDR5 240gb SSD Everything that I could max out is maxed out - 2047mb on 2048mb of memory is used :D Look beautiful Online is working better than ever before. DEFINITELY RECOMMENDED IF YOU HAVE THE PC FOR! :D
game-hours: 113.9
review: Been waiting for this game in PC for so damn long but yes, the wait is worth it! 60fps game is so smooth. First person is very nice especially while driving. Panels are all working even the rpm. Tested graphic settings to lowest yet it gave me a very nice looking game. Graphic settings to ultra is sweet but my pc can't handle it. Sticked to recommended high settings tho. Buy it if you want to play MP.
game-hours: 79.3
review: Good game. Worth the wait and it's pretty well optimized.
game-hours: 2.7
review: Big hype GTAV is being released Yay 4 nearly 5 hours after launch game wont even ing load because steam can't connect to social club waste of 40.00 pre ordering for a ing game icon to look at if this doesnt get sorted im never buying another wank rockstar game again have to wait for it to install again such  coming from them good luck people with this  getting it to load
game-hours: 72.2
review: Good bye social life.... I fall in love with the classic blista compact...
game-hours: 55.2
review: Doesnt even start
game-hours: 9.7
review: If only Public Enemy - Harder Than You Think was on the radio constantly then it would 10 be 10/10 but instead im gonna give it a 9/10
game-hours: 31.4
review: This game is a masterpiece!!!
game-hours: 43.8
review: Ive put in over 200+ hours in this game on the 360, and got this version. I have had no issues while playing for the hour or two I have, and from what I can tell it's a good port, I have a GTX 765M card and can run this about medium settings at 60 with few drops. This game is definietly worth 59.99. The story is great, loved every bit of it. 3 characters and interchanging them in different missions was very creative and made the missions feel more dynamic. The gameplay is great, with the PC version comes first person and at first it sounded like a gimmick but it really is useful, aiming is great while in first person and when getting in a firefight I love to use first person to aim. Driving is very fluid and you can do some great tricks. So far the PC release has been finnicky for starting it up, but if it works its great! If it doesn't from what I heard sucks, but I believe that within the week Rockstar will fix the issues. Overall Rating: 8.5/10
game-hours: 65.4
review: This game is truly amazing. 1. Looks great, runs great. 2. Easy to pick up, doesn't bore quickly 3. Some hard nut achievements 4. Great storyline, best multiplayer GTA has ever seen I'd type more, but I gotta get back to my missions... cya
game-hours: 80.2
review: Just played the firdt 3 minutes on max settings. I'm going to love this game.
game-hours: 66.7
review: Still better than CoD in 1st person view. Still better than CoD overall. 11/10
game-hours: 67.9
review: Makes me  moist. I need my towelitez. So much squirt.
game-hours: 101.7
review: Congrats to the Scottish Industry of Gaming.
game-hours: 43.9
review: The Game is amazing. I played for several hours and it is a jaw dropping experience. Only small coin I found is that it is a little unoptimized sometimes when I drive in the city. But it might be my pc. I keep all the settings on max, except one MSAA. Personal request to Rockstar, Please, please, get rid of this god forsaken Social Club Launcher. My Pc I7-4770k 980gtx 8gig ram
game-hours: 55.6
review: You can kick alley cats and the homeless.
game-hours: 106.7
review: So much better than on console, shame we had to wait so long.
game-hours: 81.8
review: 17 h the day after it's out pretty cool. Even loading screen are fast as hell. #Pcmasterrace. As for the pure perfomance of the game I've got a 60 fps constant with a gtx 760 gb from nvidia not the best card thought. Also the heist are amazing when you are with poeple you know and like because they will help you out not drag your out to restart an heist on the bank for expample i've wiped 60 time on an heist before we quit it because two of the poeple of the heist were not as performant as a japanese friend that was level 100+ I was only level 15 at the time. As for the solo it's amazing but everybody knew it already. And try to get into heist very quickly and add perfomant poeple to your friend on the social rocktars stuff! My best luck to you in this amazing game. Best regards,
game-hours: 68.4
review: Mind blowing......
game-hours: 8.1
review: Go to the highest mountain! Look at the view! Jump from there and then land facing down! BEST GAME EVER! ESPECIALLY WITH FRIENDS 10/10
game-hours: 56.3
review: A few issues loading high resolution textures and models when traveling at high speeds. FoV could be higher. Mouse sensitivity alters when below 60 fps. Give it a couple months and I'm sure the game will be perfect.
game-hours: 29.4
review: I hate this game. 4/10, Although I cant stop playing it. Its not like Gta4 and thats where they ed up in my opinion. I can gaurentee I will clock over 100 hours playing this game however a lot of things about it and in it are bull  that  me off. I guess its better then getting pissed on.
game-hours: 77.0
review: iha vitu kreisi peli! arvostelisin 1/1
game-hours: 16.2
review: The best game franchise ever. Wish it had come sooner to PC, but it's here now and it's such a good game. My third play through after two consoles and enjoying it just as much.
game-hours: 1.0
review: the launcher crashes instantly, meaning that almost 3 days after launch i still can't play. it also has nothing to do with the windows username problem
game-hours: 51.7
review: 60+ FPS, a slew of graphic options, KB+M and Controller can be switched on the fly, and an over all enjoying story, characters, and an amazing world. 10/10 My favourite GTA game of all time, and one of my top 5 games of all time.
game-hours: 48.1
review: Amazing port, game looks ing beautiful. GG/9-11
game-hours: 32.8
review: Notice: Some customers are experiencing issues Installing or Playing GTAV due to a Windows User Account Name error. Click here for details on how to workaround the issue. ^^^^ nah m8 my download is 2 sik
game-hours: 100.1
review: verry addict game
game-hours: 4.8
review: DOESN'T EVEN F****** START. FAREWELL 2 YEARS OF WAITING AND $60!!!!!!!
game-hours: 4.2
review: NOW AVAILABLE BUT YOU MIGHT NOT BE ABLE TO PLAY. Yep. Paid sixty bucks, downloaded sixty gigs, was finally stoked and ready to play. That was 1.5 hours ago. I, like many others, was anticipating the heck out of this coming to the pc. Extremely disappointed that after such time there are such HUGE problems on launch day. NOTE: Switching your "user account name" on windows, as the error notice thing says, did not work for me. Namely, all of my login info followed their specs, but alas, cannot play. False hope there. My hour of videogame time has now been spent getting aggrivated. Thinking I'd like my money back.
game-hours: 14.0
review: Ignore the dayone issues, Rockstar are the best but are human! Issues be issues ( what game doesn't have these? Error 37? ;) ) Buy it, play it, enjoy it! Developers, designers and all the team at Rockstar should be bowed upon for their effort to support the PC market with their latest and greatest. Show your support, give the hard working team the respect they deserve. PS. Goodbye weekend! :)
game-hours: 74.9
review: Very nice Game, played it on PS3 and still the same feeling. Runs very smoothly, but the only bad thing is: The high CPU Usage. I can change everything, but my CPU is always on 100%, still on low settings. And this causes no texture loading while driving, which is very bad.
game-hours: 45.1
review: As epic as ever.
game-hours: 34.3
review: Game looks great and runs great no issues here.
game-hours: 8.1
review: BEST GTA EVER MADE 10/10
game-hours: 60.5
review: From the minute I started playing I have not been disappointed. This game, as far as my experience goes, has been full of nothing but elation. This game is nothing but amazing right now. I have experienced no issues so far (do note, I only played up to the first Reposession mission and no side questing, your experience may vary) and framerates have been very smooth. The graphics, or should I say the game, is amazing for what I have in terms of hardware (GTX 770 2GB, i7 3770K, 16GB RAM) and I recommend it wholeheartedly at this point and time.
game-hours: 39.9
review: Call the army, this port gets 5 stars *****
game-hours: 56.2
review: This is it guys, what we all hoped it would be. Don't miss out another minute, BUY NOW
game-hours: 54.6
review: 19 months of delay and still a launch f-up of Diablo 3 proportions. Rockstar lost a lot of credit today...
game-hours: 69.2
review: About ing time it's out.
game-hours: 72.9
review: I don't know why I can't play... it's error code . please help me
game-hours: 24.0
review: This game is a fantastic PC port. I have heard of issues but I have only encountered one bug that was very minor. Definitely worth the wait.
game-hours: 70.7
review: 9.5/10
game-hours: 35.5
review: GTA V launcher has stopped working
game-hours: 21.3
review: rockstar did really good work in this one love it :)
game-hours: 8.1
review: - FoV is too narrow, the slider does nothing. - Vehicles do not even have an FoV setting. - Vehicle damage has so heavily been dumbed down form the PS3 version, they don't even crumple in any more in the slightest. Just disappointed, got my refund, Rockstar need to fix these things.
game-hours: 90.0
review: I recommend this game for pvpers and single players. I do NOT recomment this game for the co-op experience. And not for it's price for the co-op experience. Buyer beware. Let's start with the prolouge that you have to complete first. We pre-ordered. Proluge / tutorial problems: I spawn into a place not knowing what on earth is even going on. I am told to grab a money bag and then I am taught later how to switch chacracters. How to shoot etc. How to pick up ammo but the weirdest most confusing this of all is spending 10 minutes in a room being asked to take cover. It turns out only one magical crate could be used to take cover. Not being new to gaming i try every single side of the walls in there and look up in game settings such as keybindings for help. I find that they PC version of taking cover is the letter Q. The tutorial failed at explaining that. I had to dig for assistance. 1 crate can only be used while the other AI's run around and use whatever cover the please like using making me so confused. Once I find the 1 and only crate which isnt even highlighted or anything, then taking cover begins. After this, an explosion happens and then the tutorial tells me its Q to take cover. Not to mention the lack of organization with key bindings. Some keys do multiple things and if you want to assign any key bindings to a gaming keyboard that can use it or to a higher end gaming mouse, forget it. No dice! The game won't allow it. Later I get a cheap cut scene and we are in the snow area. 2 of my Ai's die but only one of them earn a funeral. I am even more confused. You are taught to shoot again and again. Eventually you make it out of there and later you learn to drive and do a series of other quests. Eventually you finish and end up at your safe house and you are left wondering, I am stuck on any these 3 characters or how do I make my own? That's the sort of thing that should be available at the main menu. It get's worse. You keep doing quests because you are told if you don't that you can't even connect to GTA online. When you try to connect to GTA online you are told to go back and complete the other stuff. AND WHO THE F*** uses a LOAD SCREEN AS A MAIN MENU? Talk about confusing and preposterous. So if you can't see the semi blurry screen at the bottom or if you finish loading, you have now missed your chance to click on story mode. WTF! So now on to co-op. Here you load up into gta online after saving your game thinking YAY!!!! Now I can finally host a game and play with friends who all over paid 60 bucks for a 2 yr old game that some other countries paid 30 bucks for it. So after you spend another 30 mins going through steam discussions you finally find a person that can explain to you how to host a game. Load the game, while it's loading looking for any signs for story mode. You find it trying to rush before the game loads. You click story mode to end up back on franklin and you finally click game, then play GTA ONLINE, then friends. Only to find out when you load up that it doesnt sync with steam at all. Okay now you and your friends take 30 mins to try to find each other. You each get an avatar, you each get a name, you each create rockstar accts as required by the game makers just to play with other people. Only to find out that the menu you need is an obstacle because its crashing non stop and in beween crashes you are trying to get your acct set up and add your friends to the friends list. Now with all of you going through crashes it's now been 5 hours and you are ready for bed and still haven't had any fun. Day 2, the return to GTA onlne still hoping to play with other your friends and not these pvp maniacs. Alright so now that every one is added to the friends list, you can now click on friends and once you click on them you go over to another sub menu where now you can select Send Game Invite. OMG getting one step closer. But all these other pvp maniacs are on your game and you can't get any thing done because you are all dieing. You start to wonder if you will ever have a co-op experience at all. You go through more menu settings really digging and at last you find an option to turn off spectator mode and to make it so matchmaking is OFF so these ppl stop invading your games to kill you when all you want to do is play the FU**ing game with your friends. Okay so now you communicate and share all these other steps with them and its been another 4 hours gone by. You follow all the same steps again and finally ppl can connect to you and you don't have weird creepy ppl in your session and now at last you can play? WRONG! SO SO SO WRONG! Still no co-op experience. Nope. You realise that you have no jobs at all. No missions light up. Nothing! And you spend another 2 hours trying to figure out WHY and what went wrong? Well you finally figure it out. Since they are insistant that their loading menus are main menus, when you finally create your own character, you didn't notice the tiny little itty bitty letters at the lower right of the screen that asks you if you want to skip the GTA ONLINE tutorial and the it loaded up and now you have to make a brand new character and do this all over again. Still no co-op gaming experience at all. Still no one is playing together. WTF IS GOING ON HERE! This will make or break the game for you. Because if you skipped it, you start all over again even if you completed the prolouge / tutorial for the main game. This doesn't mean you completed the tutorial for GTA ONLINE which is only offered to you after you create your character from yet another load screen. OMG! What on earth is their facination with menus in loadscreens? At this point some of you want refunds for the game because its been like 2 days and no one can play together as of yet! Okay so you all go and make new characters now and then you find out that until level five the missions aren't unlocked and you must continue to do a series of more quests that only teach you to shoot, introduce you to pvp and then force you to pvp mean while you only wanted to meet up with friends, do your co-op and get to playing already!!! The GTA Online tutorial more junk you already did the day prior. How to drive, how to shoot, etc. Only this time you have to run around and be forced to do races and shoot other ppl as part of the requirement just so you can have missions available to finally do your quests with your friends. But there you are being held back, interrupted unable to play with friends. You get a ton of cutscenes that don't go well with the story. You are lost. You have no clue what if going on. How to navigate through the menus. And everything is taking so much time. And every thing is in your god darn way of just playing with ppl you want to play with. So you continue doing these useless PVP quests. Getting attacked, getting shot, or losing matches still with no clue as to WTF TO DO or why any of this is even relavant to the story and why you are now flying into an air port. Did you spawn earlier in a bank and had to rob it and escape? But now you are with other people in the story and flying in but you have no idea how the  you even got there. And he entire time people are telling you on missions to eat their rear ends or you are you called a a non stop or a lo or loc or whatever and all you wanted to do was play the darn game. But thats looks like it's just not happening. Day 3: You log back in hoping on your spare time that every one got done with all their GTA ONLINE tutorial on the second characters everyone had to make. You hope every one is level 5 now and that every one has missions unlocked even if they all have those missions unlocked in single player. Only to find out some didn't finish from lack of time. You are still there waiting for co-op to begin.
game-hours: 50.5
review: Fantastic port, best i've ever played - runs on max settings stable at 60fps no drops (vsync enabled)
game-hours: 2.9
review: I have been waiting for this for forever. Now that its out im having mixed feelings. Its extremely fun and i love buying new clothes for my character. My biggest issue however is that the lowest graphic setting is 853 mb and my computer only has around 500 mb. They really need to release an update b/c i dont wanna see nothing but pixel splotches and i cant get my money back.
game-hours: 89.5
review: If you hated GTA:IV then you'll like this
game-hours: 31.0
review: It took a long time for GTA V to make it to PC, and an even longer time to install it on my PC, but a few space-making Steam Game uninstalls later and I was back in Los Santos, and it holds up even better than my rose-tinted goggles could ever see. With the sheer amount of settings available, it feels like GTA V was here on the platfrom all along, and I can't wait to see the mods. I gave it a 10/10 back on the PS3 nearly two years ago, and it's only gotten better since.
game-hours: 79.5
review: 10/10 Awesome Game. yep.
game-hours: 14.2
review: Plays very smooth, 2x gtx 780 and i5 2500k - 2560x1440 every setting on maximum apart from txaa and it runs and loooks great. Accidentally left SLI disabled and if it wasn't for the odd drop down to 54 fps I would never have known. So far the game is good fun, city looks nice and had a quick try at multiplayer too which seems to work fine.
game-hours: 18.9
review: Its wicked fun. Playing at 60fps is amazing and its still a great looking game. It does use alot of vram so be prepaired for that. other then that its a great buy.
game-hours: 35.6
review: What the... You still do not have this game yet? what a pity!
game-hours: 34.4
review: I walked around pushing people over and shouting at them for an hour 10/10
game-hours: 22.3
review: Best game i ever played from feeling to story! Graphics are just WOW
game-hours: 50.8
review: Runs well, is fun
game-hours: 43.9
review: GTa 5 stopped working !!!!!
game-hours: 51.0
review: 10/10 I am incredibly impressed by Rockstar with the release of this game. After all the first day release issues that many companies have had lately, this game has none. Playing beautifully maxed out at 1080p locked a 60fps with no issues. I couldn't ask for better. Oh and it looks amazing, console users should be envious. I wish I had a 1440p or 4k to run it to see really how great it can be, but im am very pleased with 1080p. I did notice one issue. When i run msaa there is a pixelization error at the bottom right corner of the screen. A small square . Running 2x Msi 3g gaming r9 280 in crossfire. Also AMD released a new crossfire profile for GTA V but it doesnt seem to be utilizing both gpus to there max. Im only getting about 55% on both. Still hugely impressed Rockstar!! Cant wait to see what modders do to this game.
game-hours: 2.7
review: I cannot open the game it only goes up to 4 stars and say there is a porblem
game-hours: 42.2
review: yes very good
game-hours: 90.8
review: Best spiel. Ich verkaufe fur deine mutter. Ich spiele mit deine mutter und ich putze deine mutter. 10/10 would putze deine mutter again
game-hours: 16.9
review: GET IT!!!
game-hours: 76.4
review: I will not waste my time commenting how GREAT this game is, as many people have experienced on the PS/Xbox already. All I want to say is that unlike some heart-corrupted devs, Rockstar did a great job in game optimization on PC. Even a low-stat old-fashioned PC like mine could run this game smoothly. GJ Rockstar! 20/10
game-hours: 33.1
review: Runs at 60fps on my potato. Very few bugs at release. 10/10 Rockstar, well done.
game-hours: 37.5
review: 10/10 Much better than that tiny open world gta IV was. runs smooth like a butter, would play it for many years ahead
game-hours: 41.9
review: So far everything is maxed out at 1080p on my r9 295x2 and still havent maxed out all 8gb of vram. Plays so much smoother than watch dogs. Thumbs up for Rockstar!
game-hours: 32.2
review: Incredible.. Really INCREDIBLE. Graphics are top notch. Running over 120fps on ultra. Rockstar never disappoints! This game is a must buy!
game-hours: 34.8
review: Spawned in, Moved 4 feet, got ran over by a tank. 11/10 Best 60 bucks spent.
game-hours: 0.9
review: Game crashes at start and does not work. Would not buy.
game-hours: 1.1
review: simply , this game still not wark !!!
game-hours: 35.6
review: Great game.
game-hours: 57.0
review: +1
game-hours: 34.1
review: Just fantastic !!! :D
game-hours: 61.8
review: Amazing ... but not worth the money for the 2nd time
game-hours: 15.7
review: 10/10 would wait 2 years again
game-hours: 47.1
review: Best optimized game ever! My specs GTX 670M with i7 3610QM and i got my 1080P 60FPS experiance. Well Done Rockstar! Thanks for this masterpiece.
game-hours: 48.2
review: The game is extremely optimized for PC. I can say that it runs smoother compared to GTA IV, which was a terrible port ;(
game-hours: 36.5
review: delays, delays, delays. does delaying a much anticipated game like GTA V to 'polish it' for PC, worth all the trouble to wait for? the answer? yes. it is.
game-hours: 73.4
review: The best form of GTA V a player can ever expected!
game-hours: 88.9
review: I have been anticipating this release for a very long time, my main worry was if my machine would be able to run it or not. i game on a laptop. i have an Asus G73JW with a core I7-740qm - 1.73 Ghz (on initial install of the game it did complain that my proc was below minimum, maybe because it's a mobile) my video card is a Geforce GTX-480m with 1.5 Gb of vram. and I have 8Gb of memory. I am happy to say that I can play GTA5, in fact my perfomance is even much better than it had been with GTA4. i chose the default settings and wich were medium/low 1920-1080 and my frame rate was at a solid 30fps, didnt budge up or down. i decided to experiment a little with the settings and a very strange thing began happening. i changed the texture settings from low to medium. my frame rate went from 30fps to high 30's. i thought this may be a fluke so i tried setting them to high, it then increased to mid 40's, i am now running on textures at very high and my frames are between 50-60fps. im not sure how this is possible, maybe some how its taking some of the load from proc and putting it more on the vid card? or better utilizing the memory ? this is all i have realy changed other than turning the vsync on to half (this cleaned up alot of the jaggies without any noticable negative impact) i may experiment further to see what else i can tweak to make it even better. it just goes to show that lower is not always better, experiment with the settings a little you may be surprised too. i hope that my review can give some hope to people out there that may be worried that thier machine is not up to running this game as thier specs may not even meet the minimum system requirements. when i saw that my machine wouldnt even come close to minimum on that (canirunit) website i began to debate about buiding a cheap desktop with some modern parts just so i could play gta5. im glad that i didnt jump the gun and gave it a shot on my old machine first. Rockstar has done a fantastic job on this release, it was worth the wait. gorgeous graphics, plays very smooth, its fun, its sassy, its full of GTA goodness. but most of all it will play just fine on an older machine like mine. like i said, hope this helps out a little and hope to see ya'll in game.
game-hours: 61.1
review: Solid port! some issues here and there but pretty good.
game-hours: 22.9
review: Did the prologue Three times! BUT IT WAS PRETTY SO ITS OK! Tl:dr This game is a lot of fun. Now for ONLINE WITH ALL ME BUDDIES! HEH HEH
game-hours: 38.8
review: Make sure you have your drivers! Go to Nvidia or AMD website. Helps a bit, but still could run better.
game-hours: 27.0
review: PC gamer, kept you waiting, huh?
game-hours: 11.1
review: Honestly the best version of GTA5 so far and ive played on ps3 and ps4 hands down gta5 was meant to be for pc
game-hours: 57.6
review: The best thing that happend to me
game-hours: 34.4
review: Well Rockstar, im not dissapointed one bit. I saw what I expected from GTA V! The quality put into the game is worth all the money and more!
game-hours: 49.3
review: Great game, great port, buy it! /10
game-hours: 53.2
review: Well worth the wait! Can't wait to play more!! :D
game-hours: 60.8
review: Played on PS3, and it was great. I couldn't wait to get my hands on this on PC and just play the way it's meant to be. But... Rough launch issues are killing the hype and happiness: 1) Launcher crashes unless I disable my Nvidia card from the device manager first. 2) Game content takes too long to load, causing missing textures, models, animations, sounds. 3) Can get 60FPS on lowest graphics on this old laptop, but CPU usage is sawtooth and it fluctuates between 17FPS and 60FPS in about 2 seconds, and it keeps repeating this pattern, making the game more or less unplayable. 4) Got a 16GB SSD, one of those first ones. Game files are not grouped in a folder > I can't symlink the files > slow loading times. Game aspects: Great! Technical aspects: Not so much. Do I recommend? If you have an SSD big enough to keep the entirety of the game, and a relatively good computer: Yes. Rockstar, please patch the game, I want to get my money's worth.
game-hours: 39.5
review: "Don't Say Nope to Dope!" - GTA5 In-Game Advertisement Overall, this game is worth the purchase and I would recommend it to a friend. Pros: Huge area to explore Plenty of vehicles Lots of intuitive street activity Great character dialog Awesome music (radio stations and cut-scenes) Fight aliens and zombies in side missions Once I get further into the missions and I finally fly some aircraft, I will most likely be more thrilled than I currently am. But at the moment I do have a few gripes... Cons: - Graphics aren't as clean as I expected (settings maxed) - Clumsy controls (character smacks into walls when attempting to jump them, character gets turned around and takes too long to correct positioning especially while in a shootout) - Firing range is buggy (screen went blurry, shooting range didn't initiate, locked into the room, police called when I fired the weapon, wasted by cops) - Pause menu is poorly designed (must scroll over to the 'game' menu just to exit, *save and exit options should always be in the primary list of options) - Tutorial dialog appears on the screen while diving a vehicle, which makes it almost impossible to read while avoiding a crash - Must download extras from the internet instead of being rewarded in-game (the dog, Chop, doesn't obey wothout a download, exclusive cars must be obtained online)
game-hours: 35.6
review: Pro and cons after playing 10 minutes, i was really satisfied with franklin and lamar giving the game 10/10 n****
game-hours: 55.6
review: Same great game with a great new shiny finish.
game-hours: 54.1
review: Graphics and gameplay are amazing. The driving's a bit wonky at first on a keyboard, but it's not that bad. Over all great game!
game-hours: 41.4
review: Grand Theft Auto v has some of the best characters you'll see in a video game to date
game-hours: 13.7
review: Launcher doesnt work!!! We waited so long and now this....
game-hours: 4.0
review: (First time playing on the pc) *walks out the front door* BOOM.. Dead x_x Not even a minute into the game and I am already dead.. Forever trust issues..
game-hours: 28.9
review: Best Game Ever! i love this game so much!! thank you so much for letting us transfering our charachters from xbox to PC it saved my  alot! GET THIS GAME it will be the most fun you will have ever!
game-hours: 13.4
review: I can only run this on low, otherwise its a fine game.... my gpu is an 8970m, which doesnt make sense
game-hours: 9.4
review: Like GTA V for consoles, but prettier. 11/10 would buy for PS4
game-hours: 57.3
review: It keeps saying "gta 5 game launcher stopped working" so i hope they fix it within the next week
game-hours: 22.6
review: A really good port. I have an i5 second gen with a GTX770 (2GB) and 8gb's of RAM and I cun run it with High-Ultra settings at 1080p 60fps (with only FXAA, can't afford fancier MSAA with the way I fine-tuned). You will have to fiddle around with a few things in order to get the really nice textures (if you have a 770), but all other graphics options are easy to pull off. It would probably look a lot like a slightly better 1080p version of the 360 and PS3 versions if you only have 1GB of VRAM though, since the textures make a huge difference from "normal" to "high". Pretty much it though. Plenty of settings to fine tune. Rockstar is making sure that you have the control here. The story and gameplay are great, never repetitive and the story missions use everything from the sky to the bottom of the ocean of San Andreas to keep you entertained. Played the PS3 version and it's the same here. If you haven't played GTA V at all yet, you're missing out on the best GTA game. FIrst-person is surprisingly solid. I'm enjoying it more than I thought. The Rockstar Editor and Director Mode are INSANELY fun. Overall very pleased. If you noticed I said nothing negative about the game in this review it's because I really can't think of anything for this release. I'm glad Rockstar decided to take their time because it's a great PC game out of the box.
game-hours: 38.2
review: Yes, it brings back mems from playing on a console! and just awesome game if first time legit has everything, and if you have mates to play with, you can have hours of fun!!
game-hours: 22.6
review: Amazing port. I was really afraid of the port being similar to the one of GTA IV in the beginning, but they took their time, which initially annoyed me a little, but in retrospect I must say it definetely paid off. The graphics are amazing and even with a medium-end computer rig, the game looks beautiful and runs at a stable 60 frames per second most of the time. There haven't been any issues that I've run into so far and I'm praying that it will stay this way. All in all great game, great port and definetely worth the money! Thank you, Rockstar! Perhaps I can get my girlfriend to get a copy and play with me ;)
game-hours: 2.7
review: GTA V is a massive improvement both in graphics and gameplay. This game will entertain you for quite a while! I am enjoying every moment of it so far.
game-hours: 14.6
review: In a World where rockstar can make a game work on launch...... this is not that world
game-hours: 70.0
review: runs very nice, way better than console version, first person kicks  too.
game-hours: 64.6
review: Once this game works out its issues with the launcher and fixes performance issues it will be an absolute masterpiece.
game-hours: 68.0
review: Worth the wait. 10/10
game-hours: 50.7
review: Bloody Epic.
game-hours: 32.5
review: Strippers and explosions in 60FPS, amazing so far!
game-hours: 22.0
review: I played online....... jk
game-hours: 22.0
review: I played online....... jk
game-hours: 74.5
review: I get better performance in GTA V on release than i get in GTA IV now and GTA Online worked at launch, good job Rockstar.
game-hours: 22.7
review: Quite the many issus with this game. A lot of crashes due to frame rate drop and graphix errors. Very buggy.
game-hours: 17.5
review: This game has already killed my soical life twice, they say all things come in threes!
game-hours: 53.6
review: I'm positive
game-hours: 28.1
review: People complaining in the first day giving to the game a bad rep. Lol everything in these games nowdays will suck at first, there is no other way. Just wait for patches and stop giving stupid negative reviews for rage because it doesn't load or crash, there is million of HW/SW configurations you can't pretend it will be ready for all since day 1.
game-hours: 11.6
review: Great experience on and offline 11/10
game-hours: 24.9
review: This game is AMAZING! The singleplayer is very dramatic/cinematic and has the feling of a movie about a group of thieves coming together to perform massive hiests. As for the multiplayer it feels like they're trying to get you to buy shark cards as the online ultimatly feels like a huge grind but over all is still very fun and with the addition of hiests this gives the game a new feeling to it making players who have played the game for houndreds of hours to come back and play even MORE! So overall this game is worth buying the only thing i think need's changing is the grind in online. 11/10 IGN 100% LEGIT
game-hours: 52.3
review: Never had so much fun playing a male Rottweiler banging another male dog (in one of Franklin's missions). Online's working well with all rookies laying around. Graphics very optimised. Still have stutter problems now and then. Other than that......100/10 would always play this superior version.
game-hours: 82.0
review: best gta yet! love it!
game-hours: 83.7
review: 3 words, I. LOVE. IT!
game-hours: 71.3
review: Well...there goes my social life, at least I still have social club 11/10 Would wait 2 years again.
game-hours: 2.9
review: WHY ARE YOU EVEN READING THIS! ITS BLOODY GTA V ON PC! JUST BUY IT ALREADY!
game-hours: 25.3
review: Got the  beat out of me by a drunk hobo 10/10
game-hours: 32.1
review: Best PC port ever! i knocked out a cat 10/10 #pcmasterrace
game-hours: 44.6
review: Crazy fun game. Great to play with friends. Preordering was definitely a great idea to recieve the extra headstart money wise. Very detailed environment and gameplay. Amazing physics in game and amazing driving. No need for Forza anymore. CONS- I wish there weren't so many different menu's. A lot of loading screens. Game will not let you go fullscreen with under 1gb on video card (windowed fullscreen is able to be chosen)
game-hours: 31.7
review: The Graphics are fantastic and it really is optimised for the PC. I'd say even low end systems could play it with ease. But it is at this point a little buggy, with some crashes.
game-hours: 57.7
review: Well Optimized, Good Job R*!
game-hours: 29.9
review: A day in the life of GTA:Online: 1. Rob convenience store. 2. Clerk pulls a gun and gets shot for his trouble. 3. LSPD goes full Dorner on me and I have to flee. 4. Escape via submarine with the $1500 I got from the heist. 5. Contemplate the meaning of it all while on the bottom of the sea. Solid port and it runs amazingly well. Remapping controls can be a bit daunting at first, but you only need to do it once. This is, without a doubt, the definitive version.
game-hours: 127.6
review: Game is good but im still looking for Roman for a bowling!
game-hours: 22.4
review: It's still early on in this game's life, but even at release the game plays and looks amazing even on my 760. You will need a fair amount of VRAM, so watch out and be prepared.
game-hours: 1.0
review: i have tryed all the fixs that ppl post still not working this is same as last game can any one help?
game-hours: 7.2
review: 2 Years for nothing, can't even launch the game. Waste of money and time.
game-hours: 55.1
review: As I am writing this, some people are reporting issues with launching the game due to an issue with Windows user names. Unfortunately, I cannot speak for them. My experience, however, has been perfect. This game runs silky smooth on my computer, which has a I7 4770k and a GTX 980. I am running at 1080p, 60 fps and maxed out settings. I do not have a 4k monitor, so I don't know how well it runs in 4k. There is no doubt in my mind that this is the definitive version of the game. After 1 1/2 years, we finally get to see Los Santos the way it was meant to be seen. And that's just the graphics. My favorite thing about this port is that it doesn't even feel like a port to me. It runs like it was meant to be played on PC. The addition of the clip editor and Director Mode adds a whole new level of depth to the gameplay. The Director mode allows you to use characters from the game. Many are already unlocked, but some have to be earned through gameplay. That already sounds like so much fun, and that's BEFORE mods. Which will make this game perfect.
game-hours: 22.8
review: The game was very good ,I fall in love with it. I'm a Chinese, so I'm so sorry about other Chinese that talked there with bad words.
game-hours: 2.8
review: I already own this on two consoles (PS3/PS4) and now the PC version looking as well. I am looking forward to modding the crap out of it. Its a great game and I think people get turned off the online too easily. Long load times, the occasional lag, and spotty server connection dont always help the argument either. It is easy to get frustrated especially early on when it looks like there are only a few activities and youre getting constantly stomped by people with better toys in the open world. Dont give up, steal cars and rob mini-marts. Buy guns or cars to do missions or race, then property. Dont get lured away from the goal by the icing (clothing, haircuts, tattoos, custom paint and neon kits on starter cars). Id rather be the worst dressed guy killing your faces any day. As you level up more and more activities will unlock and if you put in the time and find a good crew (you might as well it gives more point to run with a crew anyways) this game is beyond fun.
game-hours: 29.4
review: I hate this game. 4/10, Although I cant stop playing it. Its not like Gta4 and thats where they ed up in my opinion. I can gaurentee I will clock over 100 hours playing this game however a lot of things about it and in it are bull  that  me off. I guess its better then getting pissed on.
game-hours: 26.2
review: ing beautiful, great port to PC. Could have come here faster, but after playing I can't complain.
game-hours: 50.4
review: 100/10. Would play again.
game-hours: 7.8
review: I can't even start the game. It just black screens. Not even a loading screen. Is this a normal thing? My PC can handle this game btw, making the minimum reqs but "barely" making the recommended.
game-hours: 1.0
review: the launcher crashes instantly, meaning that almost 3 days after launch i still can't play. it also has nothing to do with the windows username problem
game-hours: 61.2
review: It's Grand Theft Auto 5, my favorite GTA game... ON PC! This game already kicks  on consoles, but this is by far the best version of Grand Theft Auto 5! I have played the PS3, Xbox 360, and PS4 versions and the PC version tops them all. Better frame rate, better graphics (supporting resolutions above 1080p, DirectX 11 features, and higher resolution textures), and (by opinion) better controls (mouse & keyboard). If you have not purchased this game yet, what the hell are you waiting for? Go and hit that "Add To Cart" button and buy this game already! I will see you online!
game-hours: 14.2
review: Plays very smooth, 2x gtx 780 and i5 2500k - 2560x1440 every setting on maximum apart from txaa and it runs and loooks great. Accidentally left SLI disabled and if it wasn't for the odd drop down to 54 fps I would never have known. So far the game is good fun, city looks nice and had a quick try at multiplayer too which seems to work fine.
game-hours: 1.4
review: Where can i apply for a job in the Rockstar Team? Two Years of development and still they didnt even try to do a test run on some Laptops, i think they have mighty fine siesta breaks at that company. Oh well i guess the laptop players will have to wait 2 months more on a patch. Sleep tight Rockstar (For people with switchable graphical units i.o.w. intern graphical processor unit (CPU) + dedicated graphics card, dont invest money into this game yet. GTA5 doesnt support this verry common laptop setup.)
game-hours: 40.3
review: Amazing
game-hours: 9.0
review: BEST loading screen simulator ever! "I love watching loading screens" -IGN
game-hours: 19.7
review: Trippin' when I'm flippin'. Gotta prefer this over the conventional honk!
game-hours: 50.9
review: Best game ever. 10/10
game-hours: 31.8
review: Lost all my money at a certain place
game-hours: 63.8
review: Fantastic game. Runs perfect using a 980 and 3570K @1440p. Coming from the last GTA I wasn't expecting this to be such a well made game. They've done an awesome job, easily the best looking game, and yet it's also huge! First person mode is great, and even then it's got much better graphics than most corridor shooters. There's only two or three setting I can't quite max, but I'm running it at 2560x1440. Ultra grass (which looks no different to very high as far as I can tell) and HD shadows (which is seperate from the main shadow option, has 15-20fps hit) but I'm running Nvidia soft shadows which means the "HD shadows" don't do much anyway. Online seems to be stable, but I haven't played that much yet. Very, very happy. Great game, I'd highly recommend. Don't let the last GTA put you off (which is a mess still to this day) Rockstar have spent a lot of time making the PC version. I also have the Xboc One version, and PC blows that away.
game-hours: 17.5
review: Failed a mission during a benchmark test. 10/10 - will gladly watch benchmark fail future missions too!
game-hours: 69.0
review: Great game, very well optimized and runs smoothly on my rig on ultra settings.
game-hours: 68.4
review: As a person who liked IV's driving I am a little dissappointed with this. :( Why do cars not flip when rammed? Do they have glure on there wheels when braking and turning? Also, where is the deformation? rckst* pls Apart from that the game looks really really really gud
game-hours: 39.4
review: After having alot of time in multiplayer I'm updating this review. What i can say is this. Right from the start you see this game is very optimized!! Runs like a damn dream and looks amazing. I run the game on all high and very high with advanced settings on and FXAA no SMAA at 1080p with 60-70+ FPS. Runs very smooth. The Single Player I haven't played much of but from what i did play it runs as good there. BUT the maltiplayer is where I have been addicted! Heist is just awesome and a challenge for you and your friends. Having to plan out you're attacks. Survival mod where you fight waves of enemies is like any other game. It's fun though and a good challenge also. Heist is just awesome and a challendge for you and your friends. Having to plan out you're attacks. Survival mod where you fight waves of enemies is like any other game. It's fun though and a good challendge also. PVP is pretty fun especially in first person only matches. I can finally kick s in the face in first person! 10/10
game-hours: 30.0
review: BEST GAME EVER!!!!!
game-hours: 18.8
review: nice game u need a good gaming computer to play
game-hours: 84.1
review: This is the best game of my life.
game-hours: 24.4
review: I played this game on ps3, and ps4 both were good, but nothing compared to this!
game-hours: 37.3
review: Great so far except i lost my cars online but still amazing.
game-hours: 62.8
review: gut
game-hours: 22.5
review: But no seriously, it's GTA V what else do you need to know? Lots of settings so you can tweak it to run well on any modern system. You can also almost make it run smoothly on an old soviet potato-toaster.
game-hours: 45.8
review: wont load launcher at all. Now that I got the launcher to load through the website version after having to completely uninstall my firewall It keeps asking for activation key... Even though I entered it into the website instead of the launcher... apparently a big mistake.. STILL CAN'T PLAY THE GAME EDIT: I got the game to work finally not sure what did it, moving rockstars downloader files over to the steam one, editting the registry values to the latest version value, etc. Still not going to give GTA 5 a better rating because the game isn't remotely good (I already played singleplayer on console) because the online isn't that amazingly fun at all.
game-hours: 20.7
review: Buy this game. The console version was the prototype for sure as this is the definitive version. If your PC can support it, buy it now.
game-hours: 44.6
review: Blessed by the Based god himself
game-hours: 63.6
review: Got deadline and stuff but GTA brah 10/10 thanks rockstart youve taken over my summer
game-hours: 23.4
review: MUST HAVE
game-hours: 13.9
review: One of the best games of all time, with the PC port it deserves. Wait for more mods to come out, and this game is easily worth paying $150 for. If you call yourself a gamer, you owe it to yourself to play GTA 5. A must buy.
game-hours: 31.1
review: :)
game-hours: 55.3
review: Nothing to say, just awesome !
game-hours: 40.7
review: About freaking time! :D (I already finished the game... Twice. But I am still so hyped to play it on PC!) PS. So far the game plays great! [EDIT: After playing it for some time the game suddenly starts stuttering, when that happens the game just becomes unplayable and you have to quit the game and re-launch it. As far as I know there isn't a fix yet.] [Second EDIT: updating to the newest drivers fixed the stuttering for me, game is running smooth now.]
game-hours: 60.7
review: This game is a legend, and with modding we the master race will make it even better. Buy it.
game-hours: 54.5
review: Aside from the 10 hour 60gb download, the game is giving alot of people problems and Rockstar is sitting on their asses counting money. I have put in a support ticket and followed up 6 times and no one has responded. The online freezes and crashes, a problem that many other people are having. On others forum posts, rockstar also has failed to reply. It seems as though they have absolutely no clue as to what is causing this problem prohibiting online and story play. Totally unacceptable for it to be out this long and no patch for an issue making the game unplayable for some customers.
game-hours: 7.1
review: It's K
game-hours: 36.3
review: Best game ever. I never say this before about another game. I got it on xbox, but PC is PC! 10/10 True Grand Theft Auto fan.
game-hours: 46.4
review: This is an edited review. After a not so great launch it seems as though impleting some fixes has now made my game stabe. This is what I have seen so far from the single player the best GTA there has ever been, the story is amazing. I am running it on a medium tier PC, an i5 2500k overclocked to 4.0ghz and a gtx660 gpu and 8gig of RAM, I am able to get a constant 60fps with high to normal settings with AA and Vsync on and I can only imagine after patches I will be able to push it a little further but I am quite happy with how it looks and runs on my hardware. This game is a must buy especially if you have been waiting for the PC release and have not played it on console. I have not played much online as yet but I have watched plenty of livestreams of online play and the scope of it just seems amazing with more than enough to do, it will be a game I will be playing every moment I have free time this year for sure. Nothing short of an amazing game!
game-hours: 20.1
review: Really good looking game.
game-hours: 27.7
review: Good Game
game-hours: 96.3
review: Absolutely amazing!! Played the 360 version, PC is 100x better! Could not believe my eyes! Thought I was playing a dream game haha!!
game-hours: 24.5
review: Simply gorgeous! Worth the wait!
game-hours: 4.3
review: Excellent graphics, attention to small details, awesome gameplay, all running optimized as smooth as butter! Was worried about GTA 4 killing off this great series, but GTA V is here now to seriously revive it. Still needs a RockStar Social Account to signup and play, but apart from that slight setup annoyance, well worth it.
game-hours: 4.3
review: Excellent graphics, attention to small details, awesome gameplay, all running optimized as smooth as butter! Was worried about GTA 4 killing off this great series, but GTA V is here now to seriously revive it. Still needs a RockStar Social Account to signup and play, but apart from that slight setup annoyance, well worth it.
game-hours: 53.6
review: Goodbye Social Life, hello Social Club!
game-hours: 40.1
review: 10/10 Wolf Rating However i should be able to report skrubs. sponser me mtn dew
game-hours: 13.5
review: glogang 300 oblock gang gang bang bang
game-hours: 1.2
review: Cant even activate my code 10/10 <3 it
game-hours: 17.0
review: i tried everything and still GTA 5 HAS STOPPED WORKING !!! >:( WHEN IS THE FIX COMEING ?? It's frustrating to buy a product you can't use .
game-hours: 52.1
review: Now i can play without that black annoying rasta from gta 4,Good Job Rockstar Games GTA 5 RULEEES.
game-hours: 13.3
review: The code is already in use WTF is this ?
game-hours: 24.3
review: I played the game for a few hours now and all I can say is that I didn't have any problems yet. My character transfer worked, I didn't had any problems starting or playing the game, I can join GTA Online without any problems and my game didn't crash a singel time yet. Also the game looks pretty nice and I don't have any lag while playing it. I only had these black stripes in GTA Online but I just had to update my video card drivers to fix it. I'm sorry for everyone who has problems with GTA 5 but everything looks nice to me and I don't have any weak points currently ^^
game-hours: 62.7
review: I HAVE FOUND THE ANSWER FOR THY LAPTOP USERS MANAGE HARDWARE: DISABLE DEDICATED GPU START GTA V WAIT FOR SEXI LADY AND SUCCESSFUL LOGIN  YOUR PANTS IN ANXIETY WHILST RE ENABLING DEDICATED GPU ?????? PROFIT
game-hours: 28.8
review: Spent an hour chasing around a woman and shooting out her tires and windows, simply because she owned a compact car. 11/10 Would project again
game-hours: 8.0
review: You don't have to mash the "A" button to run Good work RockStar, good work
game-hours: 0.1
review: It's . Won't even go past the social club menu. Keeps crashing.
game-hours: 101.9
review: Best. Port. Ever.
game-hours: 54.0
review: Best. Game. Ever.
game-hours: 64.5
review: good port. runs great and no bugs to be seen.
game-hours: 26.5
review: God tier game.
game-hours: 1.2
review: Just broken...
game-hours: 100.6
review: LOVE IT! BEST GAME EVER!! :DDDDDDDDD
game-hours: 24.6
review: Just like the thousands of other people who have had problems with GTA V because we live outside of USA - a completely unknown phenomenon to the people over at Rockstar, my game gets stuck on the loading screen without even reaching the main menu. Rockstars supposed fix doesn't even work. After spending 2 days trying to find where to send a support message to Rockstar, I quickly realized that even if you write a ticket, theres no working button to submit it. Maybe I'm just stupid but the one button that says "Submit" does nothing and I haven't found any other way of contacting them directly (not including Twitter which gives you a half- support bot programmed to respond based on specific phrases with the same answers as they have on the Q&A page).
game-hours: 54.5
review: Aside from the 10 hour 60gb download, the game is giving alot of people problems and Rockstar is sitting on their asses counting money. I have put in a support ticket and followed up 6 times and no one has responded. The online freezes and crashes, a problem that many other people are having. On others forum posts, rockstar also has failed to reply. It seems as though they have absolutely no clue as to what is causing this problem prohibiting online and story play. Totally unacceptable for it to be out this long and no patch for an issue making the game unplayable for some customers.
game-hours: 7.1
review: It's K
game-hours: 36.3
review: Best game ever. I never say this before about another game. I got it on xbox, but PC is PC! 10/10 True Grand Theft Auto fan.
game-hours: 46.4
review: This is an edited review. After a not so great launch it seems as though impleting some fixes has now made my game stabe. This is what I have seen so far from the single player the best GTA there has ever been, the story is amazing. I am running it on a medium tier PC, an i5 2500k overclocked to 4.0ghz and a gtx660 gpu and 8gig of RAM, I am able to get a constant 60fps with high to normal settings with AA and Vsync on and I can only imagine after patches I will be able to push it a little further but I am quite happy with how it looks and runs on my hardware. This game is a must buy especially if you have been waiting for the PC release and have not played it on console. I have not played much online as yet but I have watched plenty of livestreams of online play and the scope of it just seems amazing with more than enough to do, it will be a game I will be playing every moment I have free time this year for sure. Nothing short of an amazing game!
game-hours: 20.1
review: Really good looking game.
game-hours: 27.7
review: Good Game
game-hours: 30.1
review: fun fun
game-hours: 96.3
review: Absolutely amazing!! Played the 360 version, PC is 100x better! Could not believe my eyes! Thought I was playing a dream game haha!!
game-hours: 24.5
review: Simply gorgeous! Worth the wait!
game-hours: 4.3
review: Excellent graphics, attention to small details, awesome gameplay, all running optimized as smooth as butter! Was worried about GTA 4 killing off this great series, but GTA V is here now to seriously revive it. Still needs a RockStar Social Account to signup and play, but apart from that slight setup annoyance, well worth it.
game-hours: 6.3
review: I was not going to buy this game. I really had my doubts. I installed and went RIGHT into Online mode, knowing I would not get in. You can say, I expected to have wasted my money (I know, this is the last time I pay, pray, and play; hoping the game is as it states). Boy was I wrong. This game is pretty damn grape. Played a couple hours and not one issue. Not one single issue. Online is fun and customizing is addictive. Having a blast so far. Now to make some friends to play with...
game-hours: 16.7
review: PC Specs: 8GB DDR3 RAM Geforce GTX 770 AMD A10-7850k (4C/8G) And I still have issues with this game. The map doesn't load as it's supposed to do. I have set my graphics down as far as possible, even though I can play this at almost max, and the map still won't load when I drive a fast car. I don't know why this is happening, but it's really annoying. Here's my idea for a fix: Make the game load the whole map before you get into the main game. Or at least add a settings that allows you. Those 10 extra minutes I can wait if my game doesn't just randomly stop responding and I have to wait like 3min just to take a single step so the map can load.
game-hours: 42.1
review: Firstly, you have to create Rockstar Social Account and they don't allow dots or plus signs in the email address. Secondly, trying to lunch the game shows "Grand Theft Auto V exited unexpectedly (...)" error. What a piece of crap. Waste of money.
game-hours: 24.5
review: gta 5 pc! XDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
game-hours: 36.9
review: best action game ever 10/10
game-hours: 1.3
review: 1.3 hours playing with the splash screen its great! 9/10 would reinstall their windows because of 1  error.
game-hours: 8.1
review: Go to the highest mountain! Look at the view! Jump from there and then land facing down! BEST GAME EVER! ESPECIALLY WITH FRIENDS 10/10
game-hours: 56.3
review: A few issues loading high resolution textures and models when traveling at high speeds. FoV could be higher. Mouse sensitivity alters when below 60 fps. Give it a couple months and I'm sure the game will be perfect.
game-hours: 33.8
review: Constant crashes. Wait for them to fix it.
game-hours: 36.5
review: This game works fine with my msi gs70 laptop with 60fps and 1980x1080 settings. Community is good everyone is a good guy in online no proplem Pros -60fps -first person -all what u need is this game cons -whew bugs but i can handle it
game-hours: 27.1
review: Graphics are insane. Game speaks for its self.
game-hours: 33.9
review: Would not buy again. Tempted to delete and request a refund. Lost all enjoyment from this game after forced to torture a guy in "By the Book" unskippable mission unskippable scene, pure torture porn and disgusting. Writers try to tack on some anti-torture message after the fact, but the damage is done. The game forces you to engage in a torture simulation to progress, psychologically damaging. This game should be found obscene and banned.
game-hours: 1.1
review: WARNING: For those with motion sickness issues. The game looks great! Wish I could play it. Seems like fun. I bought it .. played it for 30 mins or so.. got back motion sickness when when driving around. The way they did the camera work didn't agree with me. I turned off head-bopping in the menu, tried a bunch of other stuff. But it was still bad. I was able to get my purchase refunded from my account settings.
game-hours: 39.6
review: Looks way better than console version and 60fps makes buying this game again worth it.
game-hours: 41.0
review: R* has out done themselves with this one, first person is done amazingly well, that to me third person feels weird but, it still has it's usefulness while limited, the game can be played perfectly fine in first person without having to swap to third person. I'm running an R9 280(aka 7950 rebranded) heavy OC, an i5-4690K minor OC, and 8GB 1600MHz RAM, 1080p is silk smooth on max settings, but 5760x1080 can't really get over 30FPS but that's okay, since I'm only running one GPU, and I'm mostly using it for screenshotting the amazingness of GTA V :) Like most the player base, I've had an amazing experiance thus far and highly recommend this game to anyone.
game-hours: 19.3
review: Finally here... Amazing graphics, maybe the best ones in the GTA V, it is well optimized, super good and I recomend it! :D WOW 60-70 FPS, Im running this game at high-very high settings at a resolution of 1920*1080, which it is a laptop and it runs it very smooth: i7-4710HQ GTX 860m 2GB 8GB RAM
game-hours: 44.0
review: 23 hours of game play in 2 days..... my girlfriend hates me.... oops
game-hours: 16.1
review: Great game, spent 2 days downloading and redownloading from bugs then when theres no bugs it doesnt load. 10/10
game-hours: 54.7
review: THE HYPE IS REAL !!! EPIC.....JUST EPIC
game-hours: 33.4
review: Gave me an insight into the life of black teenagers.
game-hours: 64.5
review: Its really a game worth buying. Still has some issues like problem with textures when V-sync is off but they are most likely going to get patched. It was really worth the wait and i am glad that Rockstar moved the release. 9.9/10 IMO
game-hours: 8.4
review: *5 hours on loading screen* 10/10 graphics on social club loading screen Rockstar but when can I actually play it?
game-hours: 16.5
review: Joined a game, noob tried to steal my ride. Set a bounty on him. Stole back car. 11/10 would steal back car again
game-hours: 42.2
review: genetically different baby
game-hours: 79.1
review: The best game ever!
game-hours: 35.8
review: This game... even the newly released alpha early-access games are less buggy. after downloading the huge 60gb game, i had to first make a new windows user account only so i could run the game. when i finally could get the game to run i got stuck in a loading screen. i had to go and delete some files that were presumably in an infinite download-delete loop, when i deleted those the game was supposed to download the original files back and stop doing the infinite loop, but no. f*ckin s*it, the game didn't even want to start, so i had to torrent the files (about 5gb) back and put them in, yay now the game launches but still stuck in the  loading screen. so now after four hours of troubleshooting and trying to get the game past THE FIRST loading screen without any success, i am deeply dissappointed, dear Rockstar, what the flying f*ck is this?
game-hours: 65.5
review: Game caused me frustration. Updated gpu drivers, hit "Cancel", ran driver removal, had to reinstall OS due to driver install not canceling and removal corrupting driver. Then that night tried a "System image" restore, next day still not done....reinstalled OS. Everything updated finally got to play the game after going through the intro sequence 3 times, 10/10 would crash PC again!
game-hours: 82.5
review: The new GTA on PC a must have for the real gamerz :D
game-hours: 53.3
review: Classic! Best ever!
game-hours: 29.7
review: Wait for Rockstar to fix their . First off, the game crashes the graphics driver OPTIMIZED FOR THE GAME when you tab out of fullscreen, so don't do that. Secondly, when the game tells me to restart, after tweaking the graphics settings (which has to be done every time) it closes, then the game crashes on launch, leaving me helpless with a black screen, hoping to god Alt+F4 works otherwise I have to hard restart my computer. Third, when I run the game, quit through the menu, then try to run any other Steam game, the other game crashes off start as well, leaving me with the same effect. I've been fortunate though, because these are the only major problems I've had with it. Other people have had countless more. If anyone wants to message me back with solutions to any of these, I'd be all for it. As a side note, the NVIDIA GeForce thing has a recommendation for all of my settings. I hit the "Use Optimal Settings" button and it says it works within that, but whenever the game starts, it runs at 800X600 with all of the lowest settings. I've yet to find a solution to any of these besides Alt+F4, restarting my computer, and just tweaking my graphics every time I launch the game. When it works, it's a ing brilliant game. It just doesn't work.
game-hours: 0.4
review: DOSN'T WORK
game-hours: 54.1
review: WHOOOO
game-hours: 92.9
review: GOTY
game-hours: 10.9
review: Can t even play the game this is
game-hours: 25.2
review: Game wont start!!! Rockstar get your  together!!!!
game-hours: 0.3
review: Well, a got a bad luck and I think all this great dev should be more attencious about their games before their let it availible. I got a issue with the game launch and, YES, I did all the steps trying to fix something that I couldn't. To be more specific, my issues were: 1- I can't launch the first screen ( Social Club ), when I thought it would works it crash. 2- My serial was duplicated. 3- It was missing one .exe file on the folder and I couldn't execute it as admin. 4- I play on laptop and I read that almost every laptop users got problems with the game. Therefore, my negative reviem is just because I couldn't got to play it and it was kind of frustrating to not be able to play with my other friends... Now I'm the black sheep of my friends group (LOL). For those who bought the game and it doesn't works as well, you can reclaim your money if you want. I did it and when the devs launch a fix I would buy it again.
game-hours: 27.9
review: Yes
game-hours: 13.3
review: Steam says I've played for 7 minutes, it used to say 6 but I didnt think anyone would take me seriously with only 6 minutes. 10/10, would click play again and again, and again and again and again....
game-hours: 62.7
review: I HAVE FOUND THE ANSWER FOR THY LAPTOP USERS MANAGE HARDWARE: DISABLE DEDICATED GPU START GTA V WAIT FOR SEXI LADY AND SUCCESSFUL LOGIN  YOUR PANTS IN ANXIETY WHILST RE ENABLING DEDICATED GPU ?????? PROFIT
game-hours: 29.0
review: Spent an hour chasing around a woman and shooting out her tires and windows, simply because she owned a compact car. 11/10 Would project again
game-hours: 68.4
review: Mind blowing......
game-hours: 18.4
review: love it, i think gta5 pc has been well optimized and has not been a repeat of gta4. well done rockstar.
game-hours: 28.4
review: HELLA FUN
game-hours: 21.3
review: rockstar did really good work in this one love it :)
game-hours: 8.1
review: - FoV is too narrow, the slider does nothing. - Vehicles do not even have an FoV setting. - Vehicle damage has so heavily been dumbed down form the PS3 version, they don't even crumple in any more in the slightest. Just disappointed, got my refund, Rockstar need to fix these things.
game-hours: 22.0
review: Absolutley amazing..i had over 200 hours on xbox 360 online and i jump on PC and the game feels like its a completely different experience, the game looks amazing graphically and has been insanely optomized unlike other Rockstar titles. There is endless fun things to do with friends online, 10/10 worth the second purchase for 60$ by far..i see atleast 1000+ hours of gameplay in my future.
game-hours: 69.4
review: By far the best $60 you'll spend for quite some time. Once you start playing you won't be able to stop. The multiplayer is terrific and the singlepalyer is both fun and hilarious. 10/10 Would buy again !
game-hours: 90.0
review: I recommend this game for pvpers and single players. I do NOT recomment this game for the co-op experience. And not for it's price for the co-op experience. Buyer beware. Let's start with the prolouge that you have to complete first. We pre-ordered. Proluge / tutorial problems: I spawn into a place not knowing what on earth is even going on. I am told to grab a money bag and then I am taught later how to switch chacracters. How to shoot etc. How to pick up ammo but the weirdest most confusing this of all is spending 10 minutes in a room being asked to take cover. It turns out only one magical crate could be used to take cover. Not being new to gaming i try every single side of the walls in there and look up in game settings such as keybindings for help. I find that they PC version of taking cover is the letter Q. The tutorial failed at explaining that. I had to dig for assistance. 1 crate can only be used while the other AI's run around and use whatever cover the please like using making me so confused. Once I find the 1 and only crate which isnt even highlighted or anything, then taking cover begins. After this, an explosion happens and then the tutorial tells me its Q to take cover. Not to mention the lack of organization with key bindings. Some keys do multiple things and if you want to assign any key bindings to a gaming keyboard that can use it or to a higher end gaming mouse, forget it. No dice! The game won't allow it. Later I get a cheap cut scene and we are in the snow area. 2 of my Ai's die but only one of them earn a funeral. I am even more confused. You are taught to shoot again and again. Eventually you make it out of there and later you learn to drive and do a series of other quests. Eventually you finish and end up at your safe house and you are left wondering, I am stuck on any these 3 characters or how do I make my own? That's the sort of thing that should be available at the main menu. It get's worse. You keep doing quests because you are told if you don't that you can't even connect to GTA online. When you try to connect to GTA online you are told to go back and complete the other stuff. AND WHO THE F*** uses a LOAD SCREEN AS A MAIN MENU? Talk about confusing and preposterous. So if you can't see the semi blurry screen at the bottom or if you finish loading, you have now missed your chance to click on story mode. WTF! So now on to co-op. Here you load up into gta online after saving your game thinking YAY!!!! Now I can finally host a game and play with friends who all over paid 60 bucks for a 2 yr old game that some other countries paid 30 bucks for it. So after you spend another 30 mins going through steam discussions you finally find a person that can explain to you how to host a game. Load the game, while it's loading looking for any signs for story mode. You find it trying to rush before the game loads. You click story mode to end up back on franklin and you finally click game, then play GTA ONLINE, then friends. Only to find out when you load up that it doesnt sync with steam at all. Okay now you and your friends take 30 mins to try to find each other. You each get an avatar, you each get a name, you each create rockstar accts as required by the game makers just to play with other people. Only to find out that the menu you need is an obstacle because its crashing non stop and in beween crashes you are trying to get your acct set up and add your friends to the friends list. Now with all of you going through crashes it's now been 5 hours and you are ready for bed and still haven't had any fun. Day 2, the return to GTA onlne still hoping to play with other your friends and not these pvp maniacs. Alright so now that every one is added to the friends list, you can now click on friends and once you click on them you go over to another sub menu where now you can select Send Game Invite. OMG getting one step closer. But all these other pvp maniacs are on your game and you can't get any thing done because you are all dieing. You start to wonder if you will ever have a co-op experience at all. You go through more menu settings really digging and at last you find an option to turn off spectator mode and to make it so matchmaking is OFF so these ppl stop invading your games to kill you when all you want to do is play the FU**ing game with your friends. Okay so now you communicate and share all these other steps with them and its been another 4 hours gone by. You follow all the same steps again and finally ppl can connect to you and you don't have weird creepy ppl in your session and now at last you can play? WRONG! SO SO SO WRONG! Still no co-op experience. Nope. You realise that you have no jobs at all. No missions light up. Nothing! And you spend another 2 hours trying to figure out WHY and what went wrong? Well you finally figure it out. Since they are insistant that their loading menus are main menus, when you finally create your own character, you didn't notice the tiny little itty bitty letters at the lower right of the screen that asks you if you want to skip the GTA ONLINE tutorial and the it loaded up and now you have to make a brand new character and do this all over again. Still no co-op gaming experience at all. Still no one is playing together. WTF IS GOING ON HERE! This will make or break the game for you. Because if you skipped it, you start all over again even if you completed the prolouge / tutorial for the main game. This doesn't mean you completed the tutorial for GTA ONLINE which is only offered to you after you create your character from yet another load screen. OMG! What on earth is their facination with menus in loadscreens? At this point some of you want refunds for the game because its been like 2 days and no one can play together as of yet! Okay so you all go and make new characters now and then you find out that until level five the missions aren't unlocked and you must continue to do a series of more quests that only teach you to shoot, introduce you to pvp and then force you to pvp mean while you only wanted to meet up with friends, do your co-op and get to playing already!!! The GTA Online tutorial more junk you already did the day prior. How to drive, how to shoot, etc. Only this time you have to run around and be forced to do races and shoot other ppl as part of the requirement just so you can have missions available to finally do your quests with your friends. But there you are being held back, interrupted unable to play with friends. You get a ton of cutscenes that don't go well with the story. You are lost. You have no clue what if going on. How to navigate through the menus. And everything is taking so much time. And every thing is in your god darn way of just playing with ppl you want to play with. So you continue doing these useless PVP quests. Getting attacked, getting shot, or losing matches still with no clue as to WTF TO DO or why any of this is even relavant to the story and why you are now flying into an air port. Did you spawn earlier in a bank and had to rob it and escape? But now you are with other people in the story and flying in but you have no idea how the  you even got there. And he entire time people are telling you on missions to eat their rear ends or you are you called a a non stop or a lo or loc or whatever and all you wanted to do was play the darn game. But thats looks like it's just not happening. Day 3: You log back in hoping on your spare time that every one got done with all their GTA ONLINE tutorial on the second characters everyone had to make. You hope every one is level 5 now and that every one has missions unlocked even if they all have those missions unlocked in single player. Only to find out some didn't finish from lack of time. You are still there waiting for co-op to begin.
game-hours: 50.5
review: Fantastic port, best i've ever played - runs on max settings stable at 60fps no drops (vsync enabled)
game-hours: 2.9
review: I have been waiting for this for forever. Now that its out im having mixed feelings. Its extremely fun and i love buying new clothes for my character. My biggest issue however is that the lowest graphic setting is 853 mb and my computer only has around 500 mb. They really need to release an update b/c i dont wanna see nothing but pixel splotches and i cant get my money back.
game-hours: 89.5
review: If you hated GTA:IV then you'll like this
game-hours: 31.0
review: It took a long time for GTA V to make it to PC, and an even longer time to install it on my PC, but a few space-making Steam Game uninstalls later and I was back in Los Santos, and it holds up even better than my rose-tinted goggles could ever see. With the sheer amount of settings available, it feels like GTA V was here on the platfrom all along, and I can't wait to see the mods. I gave it a 10/10 back on the PS3 nearly two years ago, and it's only gotten better since.
game-hours: 28.0
review: My eyes are stinging 10/10
game-hours: 3.4
review: Got so many problems (infinite loading/ no response when clicking the launcher button) after hours of downloading and i couldnt even start the game now. The game has been delayed for so long and Rockstar can't even fix these small issues. Good job Rockstar.
game-hours: 39.3
review: Thought Rockstar would implement 12k for the time it took. Still 4k/4k, would burn comp again.
game-hours: 27.4
review: dabesssss
game-hours: 23.4
review: Runs on GTS 450. 10/10
game-hours: 18.6
review: Pro: Good so far, pretty much what I expected. Con: Really lacking joystick and wheel support for flying/driving. This is PC, why can't I use any other input device than xbox/mouse & keyboard?
game-hours: 24.4
review: I can not do a review of a game that still could not play for errors of the game but just ask Pirates players who played before me, and I buy it in January
game-hours: 62.1
review: Best PC Launch since I can remember. Game runs SMOOTH as butter with no problems on very high! (Running a Single 680 GTX atm)
game-hours: 3.4
review: Got so many problems (infinite loading/ no response when clicking the launcher button) after hours of downloading and i couldnt even start the game now. The game has been delayed for so long and Rockstar can't even fix these small issues. Good job Rockstar.
game-hours: 39.3
review: Thought Rockstar would implement 12k for the time it took. Still 4k/4k, would burn comp again.
game-hours: 27.4
review: dabesssss
game-hours: 23.4
review: Runs on GTS 450. 10/10
game-hours: 18.6
review: Pro: Good so far, pretty much what I expected. Con: Really lacking joystick and wheel support for flying/driving. This is PC, why can't I use any other input device than xbox/mouse & keyboard?
game-hours: 24.4
review: I can not do a review of a game that still could not play for errors of the game but just ask Pirates players who played before me, and I buy it in January
game-hours: 62.1
review: Best PC Launch since I can remember. Game runs SMOOTH as butter with no problems on very high! (Running a Single 680 GTX atm)
game-hours: 52.1
review: recommendation to everyone
game-hours: 21.1
review: 0-100 a real quick
game-hours: 26.6
review: Literally the most fun ive had in years 10/10
game-hours: 33.9
review: Worth the wait!
game-hours: 37.1
review: The best version of GTA optimized for the most versatile platform; the pc. If you have the hardware, it runs beautifully with so many configurable graphics settings. (For those who are stuck on how to link your steam account to social club, hit SHIFT and TAB together when the little steam message pops up after logging into social club. You'll see the "ok" button afterwards.)
game-hours: 20.6
review: its ok
game-hours: 2.2
review: Man, I can't wait to play this game. If only Rockstar Social Club wasn't stuck in f***ing offline mode, I MIGHT actually get to play!...Rockstar has disappointed me. If it started working I might be inclined to change my review. I'm glad that the game was delayed three times just so I could buy the 'ultimate' version that doesn't even ing work.
game-hours: 0.8
review: If you have a laptop, you have to disable your dedicated graphics card everytime you try to start the game, and you have to enable it when the game launches. That's what we get after waiting for a year?
game-hours: 68.0
review: 4 bong rips. 6 shots of whisky. Passed out standing up, hit my head on the table. Wasted. 10/10
game-hours: 93.6
review: I have never had a more pleasent gaming experiance ever then playing GTA V. Waited for the PC version to experiance the game and it was well worth it. Rockstar really took the time to refine this game for the PC and it really paid off. Flawless day one release!
game-hours: 12.7
review: A challenge to even get working, and when it finally works mouse lag makes the game near impossible to play. Incredibly unsatisfied by this, and the people at rockstar should be ashamed that they have not fixed these problems yet. Screw you i want my money back.
game-hours: 19.0
review: I'm on a desktop with a GTX 980, I have updated all my drivers, I don't have any anti-virus program installed, My username consists of characters that they've said are supported ( I even tried making a new one ), I've tried so many things to get it working, I've contacted Rockstar support with no response in the past 48 hours, and I still can't get the game's launcher to run. I've never had problems like this with any other game on my desktop.
game-hours: 29.8
review: its a must buy
game-hours: 70.6
review: AMAZING FINALLY!... who even rates it "NO"? If you like gta you will love this one. If your comp is wooden dont blame the game. I installed the game and started playing no issues. Had a few crashes when i started playing Online, but nothing mager. 10/10
game-hours: 41.2
review: Niko is my father. He takes me bowling.
game-hours: 90.3
review: Gr8 game m8, I R8 8/8 No problems with it, my mind is still blown away even after 24hours playing it.
game-hours: 36.4
review: Well worth the wait. Game runs flawlessly on medium-high settings on my gtx 760. Everyone just runs smoothly. This game will likely be the reason I fail my college Calculus class. 10/10
game-hours: 30.1
review: Wow... Now I know what playing Grand Theft Auto V on a playstation 6 is gonna look like. 10 / 10 For those who cannot run the game on a notebook, i assume you have some kind of hybrid gpu installation inside. What you need to do is this: Disable your external GPU via device manager before hitting the play button. After the launcher starts, activate it back on. This will solve your notebook launcher failure problem. GTX 680M & GTX 680 Lightning reported. Oh BTW, solid 55 - 60 FPS with my 680 lightning on very high - high settings with MSAAx2 on. (i5 3570K @4.2 GHz) I have absolutely no idea how.
game-hours: 34.9
review: Gta v is an open world game with a beautiful world and trevor. Pros Amazing graphics. Trevor. just trevor Cats Memoriable protaganists and trevor steam and social club combined. usable in 4k Did i mention trevor? Cons No low texture quality for rubbish computers Hackers in online mode You can run people over and kill them in passive mode. same as explosive barrels final thoughts 11/10 Trevor is cool
game-hours: 23.9
review: In it's current state, I can't recommend buying this game. I'm experiencing stutters, extreme frame drops, crashes and many bugs playing on more than decent rig. This game needs patch. It's literally unplayable like this.
game-hours: 7.8
review: GTAV plays excellently on the PC. The optimization is great, with mid-range computers being able to flawlessly play this game with little hassle. It's a game that can be as beautiful as you want it to be, with a plethora of options to tweak. The controls work well with keyboard AND controller. The awesome thing is that you can have the keyboard/mouse plugged in as well as a controller, and the game will detect which you are using and adjust the tooltips. The polish on this game is very apparent. The character migration also works well. What I'm trying to get at is everything about this game is everything from the xbox one/ps4, but better in every way. Except helicopter control, which I feel is a little loose and more difficult, but still usable.
game-hours: 3.3
review: Finally, the best game is on my laptop *can barely run* SON OF A BI- 10/10 would miss one requirement again
game-hours: 27.1
review: Graphics are insane. Game speaks for its self.
game-hours: 1.1
review: WARNING: For those with motion sickness issues. The game looks great! Wish I could play it. Seems like fun. I bought it .. played it for 30 mins or so.. got back motion sickness when when driving around. The way they did the camera work didn't agree with me. I turned off head-bopping in the menu, tried a bunch of other stuff. But it was still bad. I was able to get my purchase refunded from my account settings.
game-hours: 39.6
review: Looks way better than console version and 60fps makes buying this game again worth it.
game-hours: 41.0
review: R* has out done themselves with this one, first person is done amazingly well, that to me third person feels weird but, it still has it's usefulness while limited, the game can be played perfectly fine in first person without having to swap to third person. I'm running an R9 280(aka 7950 rebranded) heavy OC, an i5-4690K minor OC, and 8GB 1600MHz RAM, 1080p is silk smooth on max settings, but 5760x1080 can't really get over 30FPS but that's okay, since I'm only running one GPU, and I'm mostly using it for screenshotting the amazingness of GTA V :) Like most the player base, I've had an amazing experiance thus far and highly recommend this game to anyone.
game-hours: 19.3
review: Finally here... Amazing graphics, maybe the best ones in the GTA V, it is well optimized, super good and I recomend it! :D WOW 60-70 FPS, Im running this game at high-very high settings at a resolution of 1920*1080, which it is a laptop and it runs it very smooth: i7-4710HQ GTX 860m 2GB 8GB RAM
game-hours: 44.0
review: 23 hours of game play in 2 days..... my girlfriend hates me.... oops
game-hours: 25.1
review: I can now stab hookers in first person in ultra hd at 60 fps. Thank you, Rockstar. 10/10 AAA*
game-hours: 9.9
review: Awesome game recommend it 10/10 cops shot in the head
game-hours: 4.6
review: Rockstar Social Club - the over-reacting aggressive bouncer on the door of the nightclub that is GTA V on pc. Refuses to let me in for reasons I do not know, even though I'm clearly on the guest-list. Someone fire this schmutz pronto!
game-hours: 41.4
review: GTA V Good points - High detail on all the graphics Immersive world Wide variety of activites Huge world to explore with addition of collectables Unique way of controlling the characters (Able to switch between them whenever needed) A high variety of cars, with addition of customisation Amazing story Side missions keep player occupied between main missions Flawless day/night cycle Wide variety of guns with customisation First person perspective addition adds to the fun and excitment Great cover system A free roam game where you ACTUALLY free roam, after one mission you are free to have fun You can kill a hooker - C'mon, how good is that?! Able to customise character to players liking Heist missions are fun to plan and then execute Includes GTA V Online; this is fun as hell. You and 31 other players can run around in a massive, living world and do whatever the hell you want. Wanna rob a 24/7 store? Sure. Want to grab a plane and crash it into a golf course whilst someone plays? Go for it. Trust me, you don't know what online fun is until you play GTA V Online. Addition of a video editor that has been well thought out GTA V Bad points- None Final verdict: This game is a.. Well. Masterpiece. I have played countless hours on Xbox and waited patiently for it to come to PC. Now that is has, what a game it has turned into! This is a must have for anyone who plays PC. The amount of fun, drama and amazingness you will expirience in this game is beyond the ability to put into words. R* have made the perfect game in my opinion. From the single player, all the way up to online. It is 100% perfection. And if you don't pick up this game. Then Trevor will pull out your teeth, smash you in the balls with a wrench and electrocute your nipples...
game-hours: 11.4
review: Original Post 4/14: I cannot get past the first mission due to sporadic game crashes. I tried the latest beta drivers for my AMD cards in crossfire. Still no luck. From what I could play... up until right after train crash it looks good and plays good. Update 4/15 I verified the integrity of the game files in steam and four files were bad. It did its thing and I was back in the game running in safe mode. I got past the intro mission and hopped in my white convertible and started the next mission. It lasted a total of 15 seconds before the game crashed again. Update 4/15 part 2 I deleted the game and reinstalled. I was able to play story mode with no issues. I completed the first mission and then did some exploring stealing cars, driving eratic, etc. Framerate was great, Graphics are outstanding. I thought maybe it was an issue with the preload until I tried Online. I was able to get through Character creation and then was unable to join a session due to a network? issue. Not on my end no. This brought me back to story mode. I then tried Online again and when selecting my character the game crashed as it did before. I'll try it again tonight. I'll update this at a later date hopefully to change to a thumbs up.
game-hours: 30.1
review: Best game I've ever played so far. The performance and optimization are great! Highly recommend.
game-hours: 0.4
review: DOSN'T WORK
game-hours: 26.1
review: I made a character that looked like Kojima in a pink polo and went to a strip club to get drunk and some Emily poon. 8/8 -IGN m8
game-hours: 3.3
review: I've benn waitting for a long time for the GTA5 on PC, and I think there's so many people which are use notebooks with the AMD Graphics still sufferd a lot about the problem game quit unexpectedly till now. There's no patch and no information have been giving us so far.I feel so disappointed about this,then I hope people who see this could be more cautions about GTA5,we can see not all "AAA"game is an real "A"game for us, it's true at least in the first two days after the game for sale.
game-hours: 48.3
review: Pointing simulator with guns, cars and boobs.
game-hours: 11.2
review: GTA V is a sick game, but I recommend you play this on a higher-end PC (check the recommended specs).
game-hours: 53.2
review: I'm in loveee <3
game-hours: 42.3
review: You know how people praised GTA San Andreas to be the best GTA ever, if not the best game they have ever played? This is pretty much San Andreas 2.0 . Or 3.0, can't really decide yet.
game-hours: 54.6
review: Great game just great, I find pleasure in killing as many players as I can in the free roam lobby.
game-hours: 61.1
review: Before I played it I thought it was terrible then I tried and the addiction started. The game is fun but the campaign needs a list so you know which mission to do first because I messed up doing it the wrong way.
game-hours: 45.1
review: Goodbye real world
game-hours: 8.2
review: nice gameplay, i just finish download, play and just try for mission 1 very recommend
game-hours: 57.7
review: I pre ordered the game and its much better and faster than the ps3 version that i played before. I recommend to play with friends. Its run well on my gtx 660 and i5
game-hours: 17.4
review: In the past I've had my share of day one problems. But this time everything went butter smooth. So not everyone is having problems :-) First few missions have been a blast (just phoned the CEO of Lifeinvader :). The mission feel is close to GTA IV, but everything upgraded. Not only the graphics, but also the way the missions can be played / 'story'-line, imho. So IF you're not running into installation problems and you liked GTA IV, it's totally worth it. The extra time they took to optimize the game, was worth it in my case.
game-hours: 4.3
review: Very Beautiful game on the pc...finally! Running very smooth on my sli system Havent tried the online yet 10/10
game-hours: 70.1
review: Good PC port, runs smooth! 10/10
game-hours: 3.9
review: BEX 64 error, launcher stopped, can't even enter game.................... edited: kill all non-microsoft services and processed in msconfig then restart computer.....viola! still, this bug is ridiculous
game-hours: 50.5
review: Awesome game Hey Cousin wanna go at bowling?
game-hours: 57.2
review: dont buy this game until its fixed, i have a r9 290x and a i5 3570k and the game runs like **** with fps drops and stuttering
game-hours: 33.9
review: A
game-hours: 62.0
review: the game is not starting at all, i followed every solution given to fix the problem, i even created two new accounts; one a local Admin account, and second a windows Admin account. But still no luck. i don't know if this problem is with steam, or RockStar, because i had the same problem with Max Payne 3 before, and it took a month before i got a reply from customer support. If possible i would like to avoid waitting a month for a fix, there is no point releasing a game early, then player's having to wait a month to play what they've paid for, with the hope of enjoying the game right away. I skipped class today to come home early, to check on my game out, So dissapointed :-(. P.s It's a stupid way of conducting business, We should play what we pay for, and have. Not waitting for a fix in a week or month upon release date to play what we already own now! :-(.
game-hours: 83.1
review: Excellent Game!
game-hours: 24.9
review: PERFECTO FOR GTA V 100/100 GRAPHICS GAMEPLAY 100/100 BEST THE GAMES FOR THIS YEAR =====ASSASINS CREED UNITY========= 0/100 BAD SERVICES FROM UBISFOT
game-hours: 76.8
review: Nice Game
game-hours: 24.4
review: I think gta 5 shuts down the debate. Optimization is top notch, everybody can play it. Well the rest you know haha.
game-hours: 0.5
review: Best game ever, but have a lag spike every 2 minutes :(
game-hours: 27.4
review: Extremely good looking, great performance, time waster game. A few annoying bugs that may be from hardware customizations, FYI
game-hours: 68.2
review: GTA V on PC is what we have all been waiting for, it's here and Rockstar has shown that they have learned from their mistakes with GTA IV. This game is well made/well optimized and I haven't seen one single bug yet, props to you rockstar! you've done it! 10/10
game-hours: 37.9
review: Y mir, le chorizee la tarjeta a mi vieja para pagar 40 usd, y lo volvera a hacer para comprarmelo 2 veces ms 10/10
game-hours: 55.7
review: I waited 18 months to play this on my rig and boy was it worth it!!! It's perhaps one of the most technological marvels Ive ever seen in a game!! It's beautiful, hilarious and it is jaw dropping awesome in Nvidia 3d!!! 3D is the only way to play this bad boy!! Makes it a whole new game...and that game is a masterpiece!!! 10/10 Drink Sprunk and Dock with buddies!!!
game-hours: 75.4
review: IF you are A BULLGUARD ueser then Turn off ur SELF PROTECTION . Restart the computer and , YOU MAY ENTER COME! if it dont work turn off the anti virus, open the game and turn it on after
game-hours: 11.3
review: To be completely honest, I had it on 360. Never seen it's full potential till now. The graphics and framerate are a giant improvement and I'm running it at ultra. Get this game, even if purely it's for the online element, that's all I've done thus far.
game-hours: 46.3
review: I had more armour than Ned Stark's plot, yet I still get killed and betrayed by friends. Turns out one does not simply walk into Los Santos. 8/8 Fantastically optimised PC game. That's all you need to know.
game-hours: 31.5
review: Fun to play..
game-hours: 79.1
review: No cousin Roman 11/10 Would not go bowling with that @#%%&$^*$^*#$^@#!#$!!! cousin again
game-hours: 12.0
review: I love it ^^
game-hours: 70.5
review: I don't have a high end gaming PC. I wasn't going to buy this game because I didn't think I could run it. Well, I chose to ty it and I have to say I'm impressed. I'm running on low graphics with a lower resolution than my normal resolution. I can't believe how clear everything is still. The graphics are still amaizing on these settings. For those of you who posted in the negative reviews about having problems with social club are . I had the same issue most the reviews said. But instead of bieng a little baby and crying about it I kept working with it and finallly got it, I was able to get my PS3 game linked to my PC game and don't gotta level up like most people I've come across.
game-hours: 17.5
review: Excellent game. Excellent GTA, maybe the best one.
game-hours: 40.3
review: i am part of the omish mafia now
game-hours: 15.2
review: GTA V is absolutely awsome, and covers all my expectation of the game. The game runs smoothly, the setting is beautiful, and has easy controls.
game-hours: 15.2
review: GTA V is absolutely awsome, and covers all my expectation of the game. The game runs smoothly, the setting is beautiful, and has easy controls.
game-hours: 1.9
review: ..Popped it in for awhile and loved every minute of it! ..Smokin at 60 FPS+! ..No hiccups! AMD fx 9590 Nvidia Geforce 980 32gb Ram (set the video trailer below to 720p HD or 1080p HD for 60fps viewing or else it's 30fps)
game-hours: 36.3
review: Went into my first online game. All i heard was... "You mum eats big c*cks" 10/10
game-hours: 5.9
review: This game is outstandly great the graphics the open world feel its amazing.
game-hours: 23.1
review: Was worried about performance after GTA IV on PC, obviously not an issue. Automatically optimizes graphics settings for your system. I haven't even bothered to do a benchmark or change any settings because it was so beautiful and smooth straight out of the box.
game-hours: 67.2
review: Now you can commit crime at 60fps
game-hours: 21.5
review: I've murdered hundereds of people in this game already with no remorse. I walked up and kicked a cat to see if the game would allow me to do it and immediatly felt bad.
game-hours: 50.0
review: Goto the strip club with friends without the smells and glitter. 11/10
game-hours: 43.5
review: The best open world roaming game ever
game-hours: 53.3
review: The console beta tests were really worth it! 10/2 - F**KING GET THIS NOW YOU SKRAB
game-hours: 22.7
review: Only game I don't mind spending 5 hours troubleshooting to play 10/10
game-hours: 47.9
review: This is not what I payed money for!!!!! GET RID OF SOCIAL CLUB... absolutely pointless!! It just give off the feel of a sleezy middleman. (Steam/Valve & Rockstar SORT IT OUT!!! Unlike a lot off people, my copy actually launched into the game. It seemed that all was well untill the game poped up in window. (played with all the graphics setting possible but mainly with: aspect ratio, windowed/fullscreen mode. nothing. always windowed no matter what) So I found a resolution that I can play on and OK, I played for 3 hours. (in windowed mode) I must also say that I did buy this game with a mate of mine. after some persudading from my mate I bought the game.... and his copy DOES NOT LAUNCH AT ALL. But the main issue for me is the fact that..... it took HOW LONG TO RELEASE?? (2 years, 3 delayes) In good faith I thought... "not Rockstar" but unfortunately YES the launch is now ED for me, as well as many other people! Just pure frustration and the feel or getting ripped off ONCE AGAIN by devs! (devs which we all THOUGHT were 1st class) The verdict: I am willing to give Rockstar & Steam/Valve 2 weeks to fix this game. After that I am handing this game back to Steam and will demand a refund. These "fixes" or "updates" MUST be in the format of autoupdates THROUGH STEAM and not Social Club or anything else. (NOT like: go to this link, download this package of files and replaice some files here and some there. NO, only autoupdates through STEAM.) Cheers to the people playing with out any probs!
game-hours: 20.5
review: Overall the game is good but there are a lot of crashes, I hope to fix it Recommend buying
game-hours: 11.4
review: Did you know that you can achieve  from a game? Neither did I... Neither did I...
game-hours: 20.7
review: It's an amazing game! (Mabye) I love it! Well, maybe. Or maybe not. I have no Idea because i preordered but am stuck in social loading screen and yet, there is no solution and according to people who submitted their tickets earlier rockstar does like nothing and doesn't even answer. Buy this game anyhow because i saw enough other people playing it and it is amazing, but maybe don't buy it now, even if you hardly want to play because there is a chance that it wont work for you and you're gonna be so pissed. PS: My PC is able to run this  thrice and i tried like everything, even the stupid stuff that CAN'T work, and yeah, that included "turning it off and on again". Multiple other things, as well, but i want this to be short enough for people to read it because everyone should know this before making a decision. PPS: Anyone want to play unturned beta?
game-hours: 25.6
review: The game is unplayable at this point. Because so far it is buggy as hell. Textures are missing very often. Not just textures even dialogs or HUD parts load extremely slow. Anyway, FPS are good even with very high setting. Disappointed. Frustrated. Annoyed. Found temporary solution that works for me: set high priority for GTA's exe file in task manager. Weird but helpful. -------------------------------------- Czech lang: Nehrateln. Textury a dal zdroje (dialogy, HUD) se nataj extrmn pomalu i kdy FPS jsou v pohod i na vysok detaily. Vtinu asu tedy jen plavu s autem vzduchem po zmizel vozovce. V tuhle chvli bych s koup pokal, a to autoi vye. Hodn lid na frech reportuje stejn problm. Doasn een, kter mi pomohlo: nastavit vysokou prioritu pro exe proces GTA ve sprvci loh.
game-hours: 16.7
review: Great game, played for hours on console. NOTE:- Was having performance issues using amd card but then a downloaded the new Beta drivers and it is now running brilliantly and look fantastic.
game-hours: 19.4
review: Pros and cons... well, only one con. As a long time fan of the series, I loved GTA 5 on the PS4. But playing it now on PC, my mind is blown. Basically EVERYTHING looks better, much much better, execpt one fault... the one con... PLAYER MODELS. Basically with everything else looking almost photorealistic, the stilted player models really stand out as being sub-par. (Sub-par compared to the rest of the graphics... I do understand that rendering faces is one of the hardest things to do in a game). But everything else looks AMAZING. I mean, I keep losing track of my missions because I get too distracted by driving through this gorgeous town, with seemingly more people to make it lively, and more variety in character models. As for performance, Rockstar did an awesome job of refining and streamlining. My rig played the game at fullest settings at 4K resolution pretty darn well. I was lazy and forgot to look at my FPS counter to see my frame rate, but it was fairly smooth with some apparent frame rate drops. I decided to see how smoother it would get if I dropped to 1080 resolution instead (as I feel sometimes too high a resolution can look weird anyhow). At 1080, it was blazingly fast and smooth and I baely noticed any graphical difference. What's also awesome is that they included a sort of GPU performance meter. So as you select options, the game will tell you how much it thinks your GPU will be taxed. To compare, my rig: MOBO: ASUS X99-DELUXE Processor: i7-5820K Haswell-E 6-Core 3.3GHz GPU: EVGA GeForce GTX 980 RAM: 16GB DDR4 (crap brand, and slower speed to save $ on my build). I can't freaking wait until ENB and graphic/gameplay mods start rolling in. I'llalso finally dip my feet into online play (which I didn't lilke on the console, but want to get into now). Even though I played the PS4 version probably up to 100 hours, I'll replay the entire campaign and spend another 200 hours on this version, I'm sure. GTA is always one of those games you can just pick up and casually play if you want random fun and chaos.
game-hours: 57.9
review: this game is just everything we want... boobs... s... and the stopping of global warming... <3
game-hours: 24.4
review: V/V
game-hours: 41.7
review: Absolutely worth it! I am running it on GTX 970 and almost everything is maxed out. Going 100% on enhanced draw distance can crash the game though, so be careful not to push your GPU's Memory to the max. This is probably the best optimized game I've ever seen. 9.5/10 - BUY IT NOW!
game-hours: 48.2
review: gta is realy what you make it
game-hours: 0.7
review: Really amazing game currently playing :D
game-hours: 58.8
review: I don't have this game on console, so this is the first time playing. And needless to say, IT IS AMAZING!!!!!
game-hours: 40.7
review: like Skyrim with guns.
game-hours: 79.4
review: Guy
game-hours: 1.4
review: its a good game if you can actoly get in to it i spent 30minets tring to get the game to work and lornch
game-hours: 81.5
review: I have played over 700 hours on the Playstation 3, and since it is has been graced upon PC community, i'll get to have another 700+ hours of great enjoyment. With the new features, optimizations, and beautiful graphics/effects; this has to be the definitive version of Grand Theft Auto V that Rockstar was hoping to achieve.
game-hours: 69.4
review: GTAV takes the cake.
game-hours: 61.6
review: Best game ever..
game-hours: 75.7
review: Gigi gua ampe Kering..
game-hours: 35.3
review: Amazing!!! - 10/10
game-hours: 43.6
review: Leave it to Rockstar to make a great pc port.Ubisoft should take some notes!
game-hours: 10.1
review: It looks very nice, no problem so far and it runs smoothly, Recommend it!
game-hours: 19.0
review: AMD USERS DOWNLOAD BETA 15.4 DRIVERS!!!! Game run awfully before like basically unplayable. Now the game is a improvement (Max settings some stuttering occasionly) however still not very optimised.... Rockstar please sort your **** out. Other than that well it's GTA V.... so have fun!
game-hours: 62.5
review: Someone help me its stuck in launcher screen where it says loading i really wanna play the game but i cant!! :( DONT BUY THIS BUY THE CONSOLE VERSIONS!!
game-hours: 33.4
review: Gave me an insight into the life of black teenagers.
game-hours: 15.6
review: Worth buying! Amazing game! You do need a higher end computer to play this game.
game-hours: 35.5
review: Amd fx-8320 ocd 4.1ghz. Evga gtx 770 sc ocd 2gb. 8gb gskill sniper ram. Everything is maxed out except advanced graphics and msaa off runs 60+fps most of the timed and looks so dam good ty rockstar
game-hours: 38.4
review: 1080p 60 fps gta. Sexy [; Boobs in 1080p ultra, mmmm.
game-hours: 24.5
review: Finally on PC!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 54.9
review: THE HYPE IS REAL !!! EPIC.....JUST EPIC
game-hours: 29.5
review: its probababli the best game i have ever played but i can't play over than one hour without having a error message and who's making the game crash. (please fix!)
game-hours: 44.8
review: Very GG
game-hours: 28.1
review: Will not LOAD! Do not have bad character's in my account name.
game-hours: 10.0
review: The game is awesome !!! The only issue i have is the lag in the menu or when im using the full map in menu,there is so much lag there ...
game-hours: 33.2
review: I'm sorry but this game is unplayable i have a geforce gtx 770 and the game crashes all the time for no reason. Dont buy it guys.
game-hours: 43.5
review: If GTA V was a woman I'd never stop li(c)king her.
game-hours: 30.1
review: fun fun
game-hours: 54.1
review: WHOOOO
game-hours: 11.8
review: Game doesn't launch, but it does make for a great Play Button Simulator 2015. 12/10 If your into clicking the play button and watching nothing magically happen!
game-hours: 9.9
review: Gets boring fast, not to mention the incredibly linear and empty-of-imagination heists. Flying is a nightmare.
game-hours: 26.2
review: doesn't work
game-hours: 0.7
review: Saw a tranny pissing on a trash can...no this was in real life I just wanted to share. great game! 10/10
game-hours: 31.4
review: Awesome!! Twice as good at gta 4!
game-hours: 100.8
review: Implemented jiggle physics on tittties 10/10
game-hours: 22.9
review: GTA V- Not .
game-hours: 67.4
review: Gta V MASTERRACE Edition 10/10 would buy pc agine
game-hours: 17.0
review: B E A U T I F U L...
game-hours: 8.4
review: I realy love this series, and this one is my favorite so far. I do have one issue. There is a glitch in the bottom right hand corner, and i cant get it to go away. Anybody else have this problem? If so, can you help me find a solution?
game-hours: 25.7
review: Crashes for no reason. I'm not the only one with these issues, a friend of mine couldn't even start the game. Downloaded drivers specificly made for this game and obviously they didn't chance anything about the game chrases. For the amount of money that you have to pay for a game that crashes or (for some) dosn't even start isn't even worth it. Gameplay, multiplayer. The game (exept for the obvious programming issues) is fun to play. Though it can get repetetiv really fast but you can still have some fun if not alot of it IF you get lucky and CAN play the game. There is alot of small things you can do like training among other things. You can even do "jobs" like robbing a target or stealing something like a car or other things but those jobs are handed to you at random and you can go for a longer period of time not able to do anything but wait for them to come in. To be able to do Heists you need to be atleast "level" 12 or higher and I had some difficulties to get to that level (can be my retardness) because of the lack of things to "grind". Another downside is that things are overcomplicated, finding "jobs" for and then manage to get the group together into that level can be a real pain in the . + if you get a so called Job its random if you get to even be the host. Another thing its a small thing but still if /when you wanna get a apartment you can't preview it (from the inside) which I think would be given but still so when you find a apartment you will have to spend that half a million in just faith that it turns out into a good apartment. Settings. I miss some of settings also, For example you can't chance Voice chat settings for yourself so when you use your mick you can't (for example) set it so only people close by or people in your "crew" can only hear you. It (what i can find) is always set so you speak to everyone on the server. Atm I would give the game a 6/10 mostly because of the crashes and , if I ignore those issues I would probably give it a 7.5/ 10 at current state.
game-hours: 13.2
review: So far so good! I'm running Win8.1, a 4790K, SLI GTX 780's, and 16GB of RAM. The game is installed on a 7200RPM HDD. I realize some people are having technical issues, and I understand that can be very frustrating, but trust me when I say it's worth it. These are probably some of the nicest lighting effects I've seen in a game. I have every setting maxed out, except for MSAA, TXAA, and the High Detail Shadows. My VRAM is my bottleneck unfortunately, so adding any of those options puts me into the 30-40FPS region. I am running the game at 1440p so this is a pretty demanding setup. In the city I'm sitting in the 60-80FPS region and in the country areas it's 40-50FPS or so. I do notice that when driving very fast across the map I hit moments of 30FPS, and I'm not sure if this is because of the game loading the next section of the map or if it's because my settings are too high (there's a TON of vegetation in the country areas) so one way or the other I'll even out some settings to get 60+FPS constant if possible. As for the story and gameplay, it's GTA. I played through the entire game on the XB360 version so I have less motivation to play the main story currently, but I assume it's basically just the same, and the main story was awesome on XB360 so I can't see why it wouldn't be just as good here. One thing I really noticed is that the cutscenes are actually enjoyable to watch now. The console cutscenes ran so slow and choppy it was hard to even pay attention to the story, but so long as your settings are done correctly they will run at a nice 60hz+ and it becomes much easier to get sucked into the story. Just understand what you're buying. It's still GTA, just like the console version, but with a lot of great new visuals and online features. If you're looking for a game to really tax your system this is it!
game-hours: 64.2
review: This game was really fun on Xbox and im sure its even more fun on PC and id live to play if it wasnt for the fact that i cant stay in game for more then 15 minutes. they game crashes way too much for what it is, its benn delayed and has a large team that should know what they are doing. ive looked everywhere and i cant find one solution that works or anything from rockstar saying they are working on it or even that they know that the game is crashing for so many people. i payed for a game this big it shouldnt be crashing this much. ive seen early access games made by a single person that crash less then this.
game-hours: 33.7
review: look it looks good runs decent and well little bugs but the hiest and online still are just ugggg alot and i feel they shoulda added more to pc users or ect
game-hours: 55.5
review: The best just got BETTER! One of the most iconic games to ever exist.
game-hours: 19.5
review: The definitive GTA:V experience which, for me, was the ultimate multi-player game of the last generation. Granted, it's been a bit of a wait for the PC crowd, and the online facet of the game is not without it's glitches (Abominable lag despite having a +100 Mbps connection, jumping into a car and not being able to drive for some reason, weird vehicle damage modelling loops, just-killed enemies coming back to life due to disparity between local and server-side assets, etc.), but when you compare it to similar games in the genre, I still think it's way ahead of the competition. Yes, the delays should have meant a more stable launch, and I agree that the whole Windows Username thing, whilst not affecting me personally, is a pretty big oversight, but a quick patch or two later and it should all be rectified. Then again, I'm one of the jerk's who's been playing it on XB360 and PS4 for the last year and a half, so I'm probably a whole lot more forgiving than the average PC user. Either way, it's a 09/10 from me - now we just gotta wait for a PC remake/sequel to Red Dead Redemption.
game-hours: 5.4
review: I heard that a game was here somewhere. I must of bought the loading screen edition instead... But I can confirm, got some hours of beautiful loading screen footage. By the way, why is this early access game not labeled as early access?
game-hours: 24.7
review: Took quite a while to download but totally worth it!!!!
game-hours: 4.9
review: As of writing have only played a few hours of online but I am already very impressed. Playing with friends is a blast. I anticipate many good times to be had with this game, glad it finally came to PC with the improvements from XB1/PS4. Controlling vehicles with keys took getting used to for me but keybinding and/or a gamepad can fix that. Other than that, no gripes. Exemplary port.
game-hours: 6.7
review: Awesome as always!
game-hours: 37.1
review: The best version of GTA optimized for the most versatile platform; the pc. If you have the hardware, it runs beautifully with so many configurable graphics settings. (For those who are stuck on how to link your steam account to social club, hit SHIFT and TAB together when the little steam message pops up after logging into social club. You'll see the "ok" button afterwards.)
game-hours: 20.6
review: its ok
game-hours: 2.2
review: Man, I can't wait to play this game. If only Rockstar Social Club wasn't stuck in f***ing offline mode, I MIGHT actually get to play!...Rockstar has disappointed me. If it started working I might be inclined to change my review. I'm glad that the game was delayed three times just so I could buy the 'ultimate' version that doesn't even ing work.
game-hours: 0.8
review: If you have a laptop, you have to disable your dedicated graphics card everytime you try to start the game, and you have to enable it when the game launches. That's what we get after waiting for a year?
game-hours: 68.0
review: 4 bong rips. 6 shots of whisky. Passed out standing up, hit my head on the table. Wasted. 10/10
game-hours: 94.3
review: I have never had a more pleasent gaming experiance ever then playing GTA V. Waited for the PC version to experiance the game and it was well worth it. Rockstar really took the time to refine this game for the PC and it really paid off. Flawless day one release!
game-hours: 24.7
review: So far this game looks exquisite. It's so exciting to have a game that I can push my pc's limits with in order to have such phenomenal visuals. GTA V contains unlimited gameplay and potential gameplay to entertain you. If your PC meets or exceeds the requirements, I highly recommend you pick up this game. If you are looking for a reason to upgrade your rig? GTA V wouldn't be a bad reason to do so as well.
game-hours: 12.7
review: A challenge to even get working, and when it finally works mouse lag makes the game near impossible to play. Incredibly unsatisfied by this, and the people at rockstar should be ashamed that they have not fixed these problems yet. Screw you i want my money back.
game-hours: 42.1
review: would be nice if the game would actually open
game-hours: 40.3
review: another good addition to the series. 9.8/10
game-hours: 56.2
review: Been waiting for this so long and was kinda scared that it wouldn't run on my machine - got a Asus G74S and everything is fin. Totally worth every Euro...
game-hours: 15.5
review: walked up to police, and was shot on sight 11/10 would walk up to poilice again
game-hours: 56.8
review: I can not login the game.
game-hours: 28.9
review: This review might change later, but for the time being... I can't recommend this game. I bought it after debating for a bit, but decided to jump in and enjoy it. It crashed a few times and was offered the self-refund option. I tried it again and I was able to bind and play a bit of the game.... then it crashed again... I wish I had taken the inital self-refund. If you read this, my recommendation is to wait, I bought it to enjoy it, and now I just feel like I'm stuck with it as opposed to enjoy it.
game-hours: 29.8
review: Screw passing College!! Everything I need in life I can learn from GTA!!!! Infinite/10 Game of the centruy.... and millenium
game-hours: 136.8
review: Everyone know I cannot said anymore .. AWSOME
game-hours: 34.9
review: No crash issues here. Intel i-7 2600K 3.7Ghz OC, GTX 770, 8GB Corsair Vengence. Seems like the game takes up about 1.5GB of VRAM for me, so I still have 0.5 worth of change left. I bought this game the first time around for the Xbox 360 and stopped halfway because of all the loading and waste of a good thumb stick... and wonky 3rd person controls. None of those issues on the PC version, and 1st person driving is surprising easier than in 3rd person. Traffic collisions down by 90%.
game-hours: 32.2
review: BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 24.3
review: It doesn't work. Don't waste your time. Don't waste your money.
game-hours: 35.6
review: I am not sure if I am the only one experiencing this problem but this game stutters as soon as I start driving, basically when I move around quickly. I tried to turn down graphics settings and optimized it through GeForce Experience and still experiences the same thing. I opened up FPS counter and it started above 100FPS (I'm running 3 GTX980s with 144GHz), so is my CPU the issue? I have a i7 4790k @ 4GHz so really? An i7 couldn't run this game smoothly?
game-hours: 0.4
review: -Waits months -pre loads -get super excited -try to play game -login -game wont start up -try for a couple of miniutes -get message gta doesnt support certian characters -characters are good -gets mad -GETS REALLY ******* MAD -writes angry comment Will change if problem gets fixed
game-hours: 12.9
review: thanks social club now i cant log in online or offline or log in at all and no it has nothing to do with my windows username
game-hours: 47.6
review: Rockstar promised to give us a smooth launch. They took two years to make the PC version, and hell, they even delayed the game three or four f****ing times on top of that. My high end gaming PC handles mostly everything in max setting so I was expecting nothing less with this game. Instead I've had FPS drop from 60-40~ and sometimes from there to 20~. I can't stand this stuttering and those FPS drops, so I'm a bit disappointed with how this turned out. I suppose I'm lucky I even got to launch the game at all, since people seem to be having issues with that. In this current state I cannot recommend this game. P.S I will update my review once Rockstar releases another patch.
game-hours: 18.8
review: This game is really good. I bought it back on PS3 when it first came out, and immediatly couldn't let go. While it's true I have other games that maybe I like more inherently, such as Half Life or NaissanceE, Grand Theft Auto V probably is going to become my most played game very quickly, simply because there's so much to do in it. Even once you've compleated the story campaign, and every single player mission, (an unrealistically gargantuan task by the way) there is still GTA online. If you somehow manage to finish that, (Which because of the user created content, I don't think that can even be done) the huge open world still gives plenty of opportunities to screw around and have fun. I have seen better stories in games, but I was still thoroughly entertained by that of GTA. The main story is extremely enjoyable, and almost all the side missions bode well into the open world, and don't feel tacked on. As for optimization, the game runs fabulously on my old laptop on the medium settings, something that left me totally dumbfounded. I have heard people are having issues with getting the game to run, I never had anything like this, but judging by the other reviews, I would say you should look into these issues before you purchase. All in all, this game is absolutly amazing, and totally worth buying, even if you've already bought and beat the last gen versions. If you already have the current gen, maybe hold of till a sale though.
game-hours: 0.2
review: Very nice
game-hours: 6.2
review: Got hit by a car in first person because I didn't look both ways before crossing the street. 10/10 Would cross again
game-hours: 17.7
review: Stunned me more than a taser to the ballsack. An absolute must-play.
game-hours: 20.8
review: I sold my bayonet for $220 from CS GO to buy this game. It's amazing! 10 Chops/10
game-hours: 48.5
review: One of the best games I have ever played. I'm in love with the gta. I'm in love with the gta. NO RECOIL AKS I GOT NO RECOIL AKS.
game-hours: 20.2
review: awesome game i'm loving it to bits.
game-hours: 116.9
review: How it should have been played from the beginning. Well worth the wait. Buy it. There is so much content here that regardless what you like, you will almost certainly enjoy yourself with GTA V.
game-hours: 23.2
review: GREAT GAME!!!!!! Really get it heres a fix too!
game-hours: 8.0
review: Excellent crime simulator. 11/10.
game-hours: 76.6
review: Had sex with a prostiture, got out the car and cracked her skull open with a hammer to get my money back. Done this all in first person. 11/10
game-hours: 23.2
review: Playing this rendition in 4K and all settings maxed. R*, you have outdone yourselves on this release. Hats off to everyone involved! You guys rock!!!
game-hours: 50.8
review: Now R* should go reskin San Andreas and make it work this well on PC bring the graphics up to date and I would pay full price for that again. GTA V is making me happy, I had low expectations after the last decades worth of R* failure. I was not going to buy the game. But I am glad I did. It works really well, plays very smoothly I have had no issues at all. Only reason I stopped playing was to pop in my own music. Now I am off to play again until I die in my chair from not eating or moving. Good bye.
game-hours: 28.2
review: Spent my pre-order bonus on cars. Game glitched lost cars. Mother er. 10/10 Would buy again.
game-hours: 13.2
review: disabled nvida card, still doesnt work. FIX PLZ
game-hours: 80.9
review: 10/10 worth the wait. Much better than console peasent verions.
game-hours: 35.3
review: Amazing graphics and overall i love this game
game-hours: 92.2
review: Do not buy PayDay, Do not buy Battlefield Hardline, Do not buy The Crew, Do not buy Cities Skylines, Do not buy FSX, don't even buy a TV subscription, the TV shows in the game are better. Buy this game, and it does all those things, but better. I would happily pay $200 for this game, it is a masterpiece, and I'm sure that opinion is mostly unanimous. I'm not leaving my house for two weeks, this is the reason.
game-hours: 16.7
review: Is doesn't even work for me at all, so don't expect to not run into trouble gents
game-hours: 32.2
review: I have to say, the graphics are great, the gameplay is great, and everything else is just fantastic. Obviously there are a few problems (not adding PC to the iFruit app, random bugs, etc) but a game this big has problems. Thanks for actually adding it to pc after 2 years of waiting and delaying...
game-hours: 10.8
review: 10/10 would crash bug again
game-hours: 1.4
review: The game doesnt run. save your money before its to late
game-hours: 18.6
review: useless game doesn't work. can't start it up keeps failing wishing i didn't buy the stupid thing
game-hours: 47.9
review: Yep as GTA games go, this is very good one. Compared to the Xbox relese though, there is nothing extra that makes it special, even as a special PC version, the hype around 1st person view was stupid, as this ads nothing to the game.
game-hours: 30.7
review: Like Skyrim but with A Black Guy, A retired Middle-aged Criminal and a Psycho. 11/10 would steal cars and shoot civilians again.
game-hours: 6.1
review: if you can get around the pretty embarassing bug(s), this game is f'ing awesome.
game-hours: 55.0
review: This Payday 2 DLC has it all... Masks, guns, gun mods... It even took the concept of driving cars from that one heist no one liked and expanded on it, adding an open world, bank heists you have to actually prepare for (sadly there's still drilling, but at least they improved that too!), the list goes on. It's even got mindless PvP for those that just like to hold W and the left mouse button all day and think it's a game. Overall, a bit pricy for a re-mastered version of the original game, but well worth it when you realize it includes all of the DLC, weapons etc., with a streamlined level process that takes all of the RNG out of unlocking your favorite items. Bonus: It still has the "kawaii" mask.
game-hours: 39.5
review: The definitive edition of GTA V.
game-hours: 45.8
review: I saw a dog ing another dog 11/10
game-hours: 9.2
review: I love the game as a whole, especially GTA Online. I know about all the issues people have been reporting about the game, but the simple fact is that I have had none of those issues, here are my specs.: 16GB DDR3 Corsair 1600MHz RAM AMD FX-8320 @ 3.50 GHz ASUS Direct OCII GTX 760 w/ 2GB GDDR5 VRAM Installed on a 3TB 7200RPM Seagate Barracuda which is a seperate drive from the OS. OS: Windows 8.1 So, since the gameplay was good and the port worked wonderfully for me (also worth nothing that I made sure everything was up-to-date before I got into the game), I'm going to have to reccomend this game, it's about time we finally got the PC port.
game-hours: 2.0
review: Rockstar has yet to fail this franchise.
game-hours: 50.0
review: I would personnaly recommend this game to anyone who is willing to spend endless hours on this game. I have alot of fun plaing this not only by leveling up and getting new equipment but by doing stunts and tring to do what is consider "impossible" had some issues with the game at the beginning eg. didnt want to lunch it but with help of our awesome community i got it to work it :D So if you are looking for good game GTA V is a good chioce
game-hours: 25.6
review: Characters lacking charisma, repetitive missions and some repulsive scenes. I've played GTA since the third one, never found myself getting bored until GTA V. 3/4 of the game is Trevor whining about what Michael did, getting ready for a heist or solving the dumb troubles your family gets into. Except for a couple of missions there was no adrenaline; there are some scenes where I feel Rockstar crossed a line as well. There was gore when it clearly could have been avoided, GTA doesn't need that. I insist, you guys crossed a line with this game, an akward one.
game-hours: 13.6
review: love me some hookers and drugs...
game-hours: 26.6
review: You cannot write a review of a game and base it off of a launch error, every game nowadays has them and we should see it coming. However, the game is still great, and is worth buying once all "issues" are resolved.
game-hours: 46.6
review: I have forgiven R* for all the delays. If you look the word 'perfection' up in a dictionary, it'll read Grand Theft Auto V.
game-hours: 16.4
review: Since I'm not an idiot, I'm not going to give this a bad review just because I had trouble playing it as soon as it launched. The actual game itself is great. It looks nice, sounds nice, and plays well. Definitely worth the wait. I definitely like the extra customization options for GTA Online characters. P.S. Don't trust negative reviews that complain about it not working the second it was released. Babies shouldn't even be allowed to right reviews.
game-hours: 26.0
review: I played the PS3 version a lot. 30 hours on campaign, and 220 hours online. On PC it feels like everything I know and love about the game, except better. It had a rough start but now it is running fairly smooth, and most of the negative reviews are from people complaining that it didn't launch right away. Shout out to rockstar for a getting a fix soon enough and finally doing your amazing game justice!
game-hours: 47.9
review: ing phenominal game definatly woth the $60, bt if it does go on sale DO NOT PASS IT UP! PLAY THIS GAME IT IS, again, PHENOMINAL!!!!!!
game-hours: 58.3
review: Having already played through GTA 5 on Xbox 360 I was excited to be able to play it on PC. While normally a PC only gamer, I do love the GTA series so I picked it up when there was no PC release date announced yet. I played it pretty thorougly on 360 (completed main story and got to about 80% total completion) and then played to around 46 for GTA Online. I must say that I did have some concerns with it coming to PC but with how they treated the release on 360 and fixed the early online issues with monetary compensation I felt as if I could trust Rockstar to fix any issues that would come up so I preordered it for PC. So far I have to say that the PC version is the best version of the game by far. It has very little graphical pop in (with none on anything solid so far which is nice), this has always been an issue in GTA games and I have to say this version of 5 has the least out of any in the series I've ever played. I have had very few issues and the ones I have are understandable, small bugs that will be sorted out but are very far from gamebreaking. That being said I'd be lying if I said I can say the same for everyone I know with the game. I do have 2 friends (out of about 9 with the game) who have had issues with either installing the game or with it crashing during gameplay. I'm not sure of their exact specs on their system but I know they both play plenty of other intensive games on their PCs with no issues so I'm leaving it on the game more than on them.
game-hours: 74.4
review: freaking awesome
game-hours: 8.5
review: I see all these great reviews of this game, and what I have been able to play of it I really like, but that's where the good things end. For the most part, I have to sit here and start and restart, start and restart just to get the game to work, and in the rare times that it does work, it only works for a short amount of time, so with that said I cant play it until they come up with a fix for what is wrong with it, and that's 60 bucks wasted. So in light of the fact that I cant play I cant recommend until Rockstar fixes the crap that's wrong with it.
game-hours: 48.0
review: account got locked because repeated failed login attemps.. what do i do? pls help
game-hours: 66.9
review: Got arrested for honking behind the cop's car. 10/10
game-hours: 5.5
review: Runs at 10 FPS at minumum settings FIX THIS
game-hours: 18.7
review: probably the best game of all time. the skyrim version of the real world. looks and feels just like LA
game-hours: 29.8
review: Great Game. Thats what i would be saying if i could actually log into the GTA 5 Online servers, but I cant, but other than that the game is great, I just want to actually play with my friends and other people online.
game-hours: 26.4
review: m9 bloody gr9
game-hours: 56.8
review: Great game, saw 2 dogs having intercourse. Online experience is great, I never played it on Playstation nor Xbox, so I cant really say anything about that. The game, for me, started great after installation, no problems there, except I had to use an old account ( that I thought i never had to use again) named juicyChristian, the name speaks for itself. But i got a namechange so no biggie. The only problem i've really encountered, is abit of Online lag, players sometime freezes and teleporting. Anyhow, great game, lots of fun to do, and also lots of transsexual-looking strippers ;s 11/10 would play again.
game-hours: 12.6
review: My game keeps crashing when I try to play online, it keeps telling me that the game has closed unexpectly. Always happens when im starting a mission or going in my apt. Plz fix it or i want a refund
game-hours: 2.2
review: After playing for months on both Playstation consoles I decided to check out the PC version. All versions console and PC are amazing but PC is a step ahead of everything else. After playing for about 15 minutes I can honestly say I will not play this on my PS4 anymore(not to take anything away from that version). The graphics, the controls, the load times, and the FPS are all top notch. I transfered over my main character so I was the only level 90 in a lobby full of 3-5 level players haha. If you have a console version I highly recommend getting this version and transferring over your character.
game-hours: 25.4
review: Can hit the bong and drink whiskey. 10/10
game-hours: 46.5
review: Stunningly Beautiful, Well worth the wait. Biggest complaint would be the weird air vehicle controls, for KB + M (no-one uses numpad for anything R*). But easy enough to change yourself to something more comfortable. I think this will most likely be my new "time sucking" game.
game-hours: 55.9
review: After two years, the blockbusting Grand Theft Auto V has finally arrived on PC. And Now the question i'm sure everyone is asking: is it worth a buy? I can safely say this is one of the best optimizations of a PC game I have seen. even a gtx 860m, a the midrange laptop gpu in my comp, is able to churn up 60fps on high settings with little to no hitches. Kudos to R* for delivering a fantastic product. NOTE: Now while the game itself runs beautifully, the installation issues were a royal pain. If Steam ever crashes during the unpacking, or the social club client is unable to start the game: "Grand theft auto v has exited unexpectedly" verify the game cache, it turned out that 10 files were missing so let that unpack. Other than that great port 10/10
game-hours: 91.4
review: I kinda sorta maybe played it a little bit (Review 25 hours post release with 20 hours of game time) Needless to say it's amazing Sadly i'm half way through the singleplayer and a bug won't allow me to continue the main storyline which is sad cause i was really enjoying it
game-hours: 85.6
review: Waited 3 years since the first trailer to play this game. First thing I did was to kick a cat in the alley before stealing the car with Lamar. 10/10 would harass animals again. +1 bonus point for cars not handling like boats.
game-hours: 29.4
review: So many unpleasant things in the installion of PC version. I am not an native english speaker, but i still pose this to let more people know something serious about GTA5. That's what happened to me. 1. Pre-load succefully 2. Cannot dispatch because it needs unbelieveable space disk of 120GB to dispatch, when it only mentions about 66GB will be needed for this game 3. PC crashed, have to shut down and reboot, this process repeated 5 or more times on me 4. Delete the local file of gta5 and try to manage some disk space for it 5. Re-download 6. Install, no response 7. Google what is happening. 8. Try to install Social Club manually = doen't work 9. Try to update my Nvidia sofeware = doen't work 10. Finally fount out there are problems with mobile Nvidia cards, I have to turn off the driver when I want to open the launcher correctly (WTF) 11. Now it says soemthing about you cant play because your PC is not available (I am quite sure my PC can run GTA5 in low quility), you can try soemthing so called safe mode? not quite sure about the exact name because i didn't use the english version. 12. Go to the support page of Rockstar games, I can't find the soultion, can't pose the question in the forum because my account of Social Club is new, can't even submit a question ticket to Rockstar. More than 10 hours past, but I still CANNOT play it. Totally time-wasting. Seriously speaking, why i pay money for this sh*t ? I never write such a long review because the most games i played are awesome, i don't think they need my review to prove their are high-leveled. ROCKSTAR, FIX THE PROBLEMS ASAP, FOR F**KING SAKE !
game-hours: 11.3
review: It Dosen't Work!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! StackHash_1e37 PLZ Fix it or refund!!!
game-hours: 65.5
review: Ok, first, I have to say: Why don't you already have this game? And secondly, if you do own the game and are just reading the reviews for chuckles, hello! THE SILLY REVIEW (since this game deserves it): Upon playing the first time, I was pulled over by a police officer in the small truck-stop town of Paleto Bay, while driving a rusty tractor down the interstate. Probably for going too slow on my journey back to Los Santos and holding many a semi truck back. Then, while waiting for the officer to come around to me, I see his car and him scooting by, being rammed by a small pickup. The pickup was then blown up by a sniper team in a helicopter, for assaulting an officer. Continued to Los Santos on my tractor without further interruption. THE SERIOUS REVIEW: Uhhh... Later. I've, uhm, still gotta finish the game. PC forever!
game-hours: 8.3
review: someone stole my car in the game oh no, got a message on my phone, my car was impounded didn't matter, i stole another car to get home.
game-hours: 51.1
review: NO, Online lag like hell loading slow like hell.
game-hours: 14.2
review: SUPER EXTRME BUG- GTA5 CAN'T LAUNCH UNDER Nvidia GRAPH CARD!!! OMG...I WAITED LIKE WHOLE MONTH AND YOU TELLING ME GOT A BIG BUG??? REFUND MY 59.99 ROCKSTAR!
game-hours: 38.3
review: Performs exceptionally well on 2 660s with 16GB of RAM and a i7. Lots of fun.
game-hours: 35.8
review: Jerking while your friend is in the shower is the best feature of the game
game-hours: 65.0
review: Yes. After over 1.5 years, yes.
game-hours: 8.3
review: BEST.GAME.EVER
game-hours: 4.5
review: From a gameplay perspective, you probably know everything there is to know about this game. From a port perspective, I have to say this version is phenomenal. Graphically superior to every other platform and well optimized to the core, like the Max Payne 3 port.
game-hours: 36.1
review: Yes indeed this game is so goood the 4k display too go to the strip club 70/69 IGN rating
game-hours: 59.2
review: nice nice nice nice
game-hours: 31.5
review: For only $59.99 you too can listen to hours voice over work that reinforces racial and gender stereotypes. Sit back and relax with a smooth Redwood cigarette while this triple A title brings to life the attitudes of the 50's in a modern day setting. 1/10 would be 10/10 but I couldn't run over the Armenian npc as soon as I met him.
game-hours: 12.1
review: The best "if I had a million dollars simulator" I have ever played haha
game-hours: 40.7
review: 5up3r g00d mu57 p14y a11 d4y 43v3r
game-hours: 35.6
review: GTA V is a stellar game, everybody knows this, right? Rockstar guys put in the hours and it shows, this time even in the PC version of the game. Runs like butter and small details are amazing.
game-hours: 37.9
review: BEST THING THAT EVER HAPPENED TO PC (besides the GTX Titan X) :)
game-hours: 23.5
review: Feel like a badass and watch yourself or others be badasses via editor mode. Great ing edition great ing game. No doubt the best game I have played since red dead. Buy it now!
game-hours: 18.7
review: makes me feel things
game-hours: 20.0
review: Played on my PS3 in 2013 - 10/10 Played with better graphics on my PC in 2015 - 10/10
game-hours: 15.9
review: Very good port. No crashes or lag spikes so far. Make sure you get drivers before playing, it boosted my fps by 10.
game-hours: 40.4
review: 11/10 I would stay at Vanilla Unicorn on the Strip again!
game-hours: 104.8
review: I'm pretty satisfied, it doesn't seem like a cheap console port (cause it's not). The game is way more optimized than i expected! The only possible negative i can think of is that the graphics options don't have a "low" setting. And GTA online worked like a charm on day 1 (for me at least), very nice!
game-hours: 6.9
review: I got it because a friend has been going on and on about it, but I should have waited for a steam sale. Controls are bad for keyboard and mouse. First person mode made me think it would be like a propper fps but it is not even close, like very bad. The ui is clunky. The story is average gta stuff so far. Graphics are good for a sandbox game. I have not tried multiplayer so can not comment on that. online acount is bs. Imho this game was totally over-hyped.
game-hours: 5.7
review: Very impressed. While I was not able to run the game at max settings, I was able to maximize the graphics to a point where they still exceed the graphics seen in the current generation consoles like the ps4. I am running an aging AMD Phenom II x6 1100T (Turbo Core/CoolnQuiet disabled), 16GB of DDR3, and 2 Asus GTX 760's in SLI (4GB VRAM total)with the latest nvidia GTA V approved drivers What I was impressed with the most is that the fact that this runs better than GTAIV... on the same hardware! Rockstar did not screw this up, and has redeemed itself from that awful port that was GTA IV. While it is disappointing to hear that many people with odd windows account names were unable to install and run the game, I feel as though a bug as that should not eclipse what a great game this turned out to be. Graphics aside (but seriously... WOW!) the game itself has not lost any of its luster gameplay-wise in the 2 years its been out. GTA games just never get old. The game will have you hooked, it's got me hooked on my third playthrough, and with mod support, expect the game to be even better than the console experience.
game-hours: 54.7
review: amazing port. I really enjoy playing. I sold my xbox a long time ago and regreated the fact that i did just because I lost gta. then it finally came to steam. I have already played 12 hours in two days. 10/10!
game-hours: 50.9
review: GOOD !!!!!!!
game-hours: 81.2
review: 11/10 Console peasants did a good job in testing the game!
game-hours: 36.7
review: R* did amazing job with the PC version. It actually runs better than GTA IV! The game looks and plays great. I only wish they would patch first person walking with a keyboard and made FOV slider go a little wider. Other than that, GOTY for sure!
game-hours: 23.7
review: this by far the best pc game i have played in a long time i wasnt 100% sure i could run this game at a decent fps because gta 4 was bad for fps on my old HD7750 but i got to say i get better frame rate with this then a game thats older my hat is off to rockstar for that. this is a must have game and it was worth the wait if you are considering getting it then you should just do it also go for if you arent its still a must have and i rarely say that
game-hours: 14.6
review: Astonishingly realistic, worth the money, its a MUST HAVE!!!
game-hours: 75.8
review: AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME ! 10/10
game-hours: 37.9
review: Really good game, way better then watch dogs
game-hours: 41.9
review: Just take my money! ! !
game-hours: 71.9
review: Bug causing me to not be able to play. 10/10 too much water IGN
game-hours: 65.7
review: THE perfect game!
game-hours: 34.9
review: Actually the best gta so far... so many features!
game-hours: 23.5
review: It seems a bunch of people have issues with getting this game to run. Regardless of this my review will NOT be negative and i will try to help people out in this way: IF you are a bullguard user, you might have the problem that your Launcher will not start AT ALL! This is what i did to fix this: Open up bullguard and go to the General Settings under Settings. There will be an option there called Selfprotection (Allow bullguard to protect itself from termination, (or something similar) TURN THIS OFF and reboot your computer, chances are great your launcher will now start normally! :D Now for my actual review: Have not played the game much, but i LOVE the GTA franchise and even though this game has had it's fair share of problems on the PC i am still not gonna be negative about the games. The game looks great and what i have seen from other people playing and what i have played myself the game is loads of Fun!! Go get it!
game-hours: 34.1
review: Always good as it is for GTA franchise, even though still found some glitch <GTA ONLINE>, stuting and lagging <BOTH GTA V and GTA ONLINE>. Hopefully Rockstar will look at it soon. Still good for me.
game-hours: 31.6
review: Been trying to play Online since the game launched on PC and keep getting put into empty lobbies, unable to join crew members and even unable to do random jobs.. tried every single fix suggested by Rockstar, port forwarding, enabling and disabling UPNP, enabling DMZ, disabling Firewalls.. absolutely nothing works and there's still no response from Rockstar, what an absolute waste of money.
game-hours: 27.8
review: Day one issues happen with almost every game. I didn't experience any though. PC gaming takes patience guys. This is the most emersive game in the series by far. There is a lot of world building decent story and fairly exellent gameplay.
game-hours: 28.5
review: Great performance and great gameplay. Couldn't have wished for more.
game-hours: 50.9
review: It looks BEAutiful...
game-hours: 17.1
review: Best version of the game. amazingly well optimized
game-hours: 73.2
review: If you get this to work, its a really good port. If you have money... BUY THIS
game-hours: 32.8
review: Works as a charm for me!
game-hours: 17.7
review: bug
game-hours: 32.4
review: @_@ whoah
game-hours: 9.5
review: Latest drivers for my video cards, all updates, reboot, etc. Crashes on launcher. Inexcusable. How does (a) steam even allow the title with so many issues and (b) a product already delayed this much even have such issues? A PC or laptop with multiple graphics cards is not a rarity these days!
game-hours: 43.0
review: Minecraft is my favourite game ever. I dont know what else to say but, GTA 5 PC is also my favourite game ever.
game-hours: 23.4
review: Runs on GTS 450. 10/10
game-hours: 18.6
review: Pro: Good so far, pretty much what I expected. Con: Really lacking joystick and wheel support for flying/driving. This is PC, why can't I use any other input device than xbox/mouse & keyboard?
game-hours: 62.1
review: Best PC Launch since I can remember. Game runs SMOOTH as butter with no problems on very high! (Running a Single 680 GTX atm)
game-hours: 52.1
review: recommendation to everyone
game-hours: 21.1
review: 0-100 a real quick
game-hours: 26.6
review: Literally the most fun ive had in years 10/10
game-hours: 87.9
review: good port...if it will work for you
game-hours: 8.4
review: *5 hours on loading screen* 10/10 graphics on social club loading screen Rockstar but when can I actually play it?
game-hours: 16.5
review: Joined a game, noob tried to steal my ride. Set a bounty on him. Stole back car. 11/10 would steal back car again
game-hours: 42.2
review: genetically different baby
game-hours: 52.6
review: Great launch to be honest super smooth compared to what I thought it would be runs like a charm on high. (Can't write a bad review on a game because you had to download it for a long time or it doesn't launch when it's on your're end)
game-hours: 44.0
review: Delayed for Bug fixes right? well aside from players not being able to get into the game alot of the loading screen bugs are still there. i will say the game play and looks are very fun. and i do enjoy playing the game, you might as well. but, 2 years of bug fixing leaves no excuse why there is still the same bugs as when i played it on consoles 2 years ago. wait for it to be fixed or for the next sale. EDIT: so after i got a few more hours into the game ill give u a few more problems Online loading screens are a long wait (even with a fast Connection) Cannot use steam friends to invite players. Forced to use rockstar Social Club which isnt ideal.  job on trying to connect and play with friends (having to Add them on RS,SC then invite, then once the job is complete invite them again)
game-hours: 30.0
review: Love the Game, Looks awesome, Runs stable, no crashes, no Online connection problems. 10/10
game-hours: 65.0
review: 11/10
game-hours: 2.7
review: not support in my labtop :(
game-hours: 35.7
review: It's a definite buy for GTA fans. Well worth the money (and wait). I'm running it on a Geforce 750 ti (2GB) - Reccomended Spec; i think ? (40C average load temp with Stock cooler; no problem ) I've also got a slighty outdated-> AMD-FX-4300 quad core 3.8GHZ - (runs a little hot with stock cooler but solid FPS; so upgrading to an after market cooler and dab of thermal paste) Pros- Unbelieveably Immersive and detailed world to explore. Same things the last bazillion people said. Cons- It's slightly more 'unrealistic' when it comes to the driving speeds. (This is a highly opinionated minor nitpick.) Having to wait this long to play it!
game-hours: 20.2
review: Never really played any of the GTA series but after playing GTA V for 5 mins i am now a convert. Massive sandbox of glourious graphics littered with characters of real depth , recommended 100% :)
game-hours: 83.6
review: I am only just now starting to realize how much time I put into this game on the 360 originally because of steam tracking my hours. I can tell you that these 15 hours that I've logged on the PC so far have seemed like NOTHING. Here's to many many more hours in this game.
game-hours: 10.8
review: preordered special edition on 360, bought another copy on 360 at midnight release. loved it too bits. bought again on xbox one ... best decision i had done all last year bought again on pc ... well my oh my R* is my favorite video game developer for a reason, absolutely phenominal. best game i've ever played. tops all previous gta's. Graphics are obscene!
game-hours: 87.5
review: Hello Steam Or RockStar I did go into an error when i try to launch the game is okay. Then it says Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... for so much time i did wait 1 hour to load in but nothing please help me!
game-hours: 23.5
review: OMFG !!!! ALL OF WHAT I EXPECTED!
game-hours: 33.4
review: What can I say, this is the ultimate open world criminal RP game. Go anywhere, do anything. The addition of first person view for pc, enhanced graphics and mouse control, have for me just made what great....epic 10/10
game-hours: 22.8
review: **DISCLAIMER I'm only writing about how the PC port is, not reviewing the game itself as I believe most people know how good the game is already DISCLAIMER END** PC SPECCS: * Sapphire Radeon HD7970 3GB, using 15.4 AMD Beta Drivers * Intel i7 4770k @ 3.50GHz * 16 GB RAM @ 1600MHz * 256GB SSD @ 540MB/s readspeed I was really on the edge with buying this game as Rockstar haven't really had the cleanest track record with PC ports in the past, but not with GTA V! This game runs as smooth as a baby's bottom. I am able to run the game with most things turned up to Very High and I get solid 65-75 FPS (Sometimes dipping a bit below during intensive moments), the only things I have turned off is MSAA aswell as Extra shadow texture settings (Can't remember the name). The game is beautiful and sometimes it looks like a pretty picture instead of a video game! So as you can see above the game runs really great but however suffer from a couple of issues; * Online can sometimes be very unstable and a bit buggy, this might be because of the heavy launch traffic. * The menus are obviously made for console in mind, being sometimes very annoying to navigate. * The firstperson FOV maxes out at 75, this is really bad and dissapointing for a PC game. There is a mod available out there to alter the FOV but it might or might not be bannable. So should you get this game for PC? It depends. * Have you never played GTA V before? Then it's worth the full price and it's so far an amazing experience. YES. * Do you own GTA V on a console already? Then I would wait for a sale and get it for mod supports. MAYBE.
game-hours: 52.4
review: While the graphics still need to be optimized and there are plenty of things that could be fixed at the moment, the PC release blew me out of the water. The graphics in this game are astounding, and everything is much better than on the consoles. The heists are great and really tie the game together. I honestly feel as if I have been playing a beta on the consoles, and this is the final release of the game. Like I said though, there are many things that could be fixed. (*Points* talking to YOU rockster!) With some minor tweaks, this game could be epic. I look forward to the expansion of the GTA V mod community, because ever since GTA IV, they have been waiting to mod a game of this magnitude. Things that would make this game perfect! *Manual Transmission option *Fuel System *Working mirrors on cars (Rearview and Sidemirrors)
game-hours: 32.8
review: I'll make this quick, played GTA since the very first top down one on PC. I played them all and loved them all like we all have. So when the time GTA5 came out I was waiting to maybe get it on a next gen console, so I waited and didn't play it even though it was killing me. Fast forward, I never bought a ps4 or xbox one because I'm pretty much 100% PC at this point. So I had to wait and wait, and then it gets delayed and delayed. So yesterday I finally got to play this on PC in all it's glory and wow, runs amazing looks great and is the same great GTA type of game I expected. If anyone is on the fence about this because it may not run well, I wouldn't worry about it Rockstar nailed it on the optimization for PC. I'm completely happy with it and can't wait to spend 100+ hours running over pedestrians.
game-hours: 59.8
review: My mom told me to get a life while I was playing GTAIV... I cried so hard and whacked my xbox apart--my little brother thought the whole building was coming down... But, hold on, Finally, after 765 days wating... I'm able to get a life. GTA is love, GTA is life. 10/10
game-hours: 28.1
review: same as xbox 360 just with better fps all in all still a great game
game-hours: 83.2
review: Grand...................................................................Loading.......................................................................... thief Loading.............................................................................. AUTO Loading........................................................... ONLINE.
game-hours: 7.9
review: jawdropping
game-hours: 17.1
review: Definitely worth buying. It's worth the money the Experience... Making Crazy Staff with friends on GTA Online... Even if you passed the story mode on PS Or Xbox on the PC it's really nice to do that again on computer... really Experience game and Has A really Good Qualities... if you just started on Online and your rank is 0 so... it's can be A pretty Rage Game... in my opinion... So if you wanna play Toghether Just send a message BTW My Rank is 108... 100/10 One hundred out of ten :3
game-hours: 49.4
review: Excellent port, runs very smooth on my PC (except for the odd graphics driver crash which I expect will be fixed soon). I get around 55FPS @ 1440p on my GTX 970 & i7 (4GHz no OC).
game-hours: 36.9
review: I was so pissed when R* released the game for console and we still didn't know if it was coming to PC, or when. I have waited so long to play this game. I told myself I wouldn't pay full price because they made us PC gamers wait so long, but I ended up doing just that and you know what? It is worth every penny. What I like about it! (1) The game actually has a fairly interesting story. I find myself not skipping the cut scenes for the most part. (2) Being able to switch between characters is really cool. (3) FPS!! First person mode is really cool. I like being able to switch when I want (4) Graphics. WOW! The game looks so pretty on my 5820k/GTX980 combo. (5) Smooth. The game feels so smooth at release -unlike Watchdogs which is still a buggy mess. (6) The game will still provide hours of entertainment even after you finish it. Conclusion. It was worth the wait. But, with all of the money they have made, they better hire some more people so that GTA VI gets released on all platforms at the same time, like every other normal company does.
game-hours: 38.4
review: Runs at a consistent 60 fps with very high textures using my 4gb 770 gtx and an i7 4770k at 1080p. I was a little worried that the PC port would run poorly even on modern hardware like GTA IV, but it seems to be very smooth considering it is a port. The settings claim to require 2300mb of vram so I'd imagine having a graphics card with only 2gb of vram won't be able to run this at max settings simply because of a vram bottleneck. Invest in a 3gb+ graphics card or settle for slightly less than max settings. The game is beautiful at high resolution and high fps. This is a much better experience than my original playthrough on the xbox 360 when it was first released.
game-hours: 37.6
review: lov this game. worht the year wait lol installed right away played right away. so far its an amazing game with no bugs. how often does a pc game come out thats actually optimized for pc these days. never. but his one is. only con is its 60gb lol but not really a con just took forever to download.
game-hours: 16.0
review: i open the game and social club just says loading, and i had it overnight 12 hours and still loading and mt account does not contain any foreign letters
game-hours: 18.4
review: i so fantastic in your life you must play it
game-hours: 45.9
review: just incredible, rockstar social club is the only downside but doesn't interfere with playing, the game itself is just.... incredible, really well planned, great story, superb charakters and voice acting, it's kinda like a movie, 10/10
game-hours: 58.6
review: I dont know how to say, but totally i love the game,
game-hours: 75.0
review: Nothing says "GTA" like hitting an exotic motorcycle into a wooden post and getting launched 70 feet into the air straight up, and surviving the fall, just to be ran over by a reckless NPC, all in glorious first person. 9.5/10
game-hours: 92.5
review: Accidentally punched a lady on the phone when I was looking at my feet. Got 1 star. Ran away. Cops found me. Kept running. Cops followed. Cop gets hit by bus. Officer down. Get 3 stars. Run into convinience store. Accidentally had gun out. Owner shoots at me. I shotgun his crotch. Ran over, stabbed him, hammered his corpse. Took the money, and the snacks I came for. Still have 3 stars. Accidentally drive onto airport. Get 5 stars. Look for a jet to take. No jet. Try to hop into commercial airline. Cops blow up my car and accidentally blows up their own helicopter at the same time. Helicopter wreckage falls and hits me. 10/10 I hope i never learn this game. This is a fantastic game with great single player (I havent tried multiplayer yet, except for on PS3). Now a couple things: Pros: -One of the best stories ever made -Every. Single. Character. Is expertly crafted and has great dialogue -Details of the environment run very deep -Side quests are fantastic -Accessable on  PC's -First person mode is THE  -Great length story Cons: -Graphics were overstated in screenshots but still looks fantastic -If you want it to look better than ps3 or ps4 you need to have a moderately good computer -Driving is slightly more difficult than with a controller but can be learned over some time -If you don't like driving in the game, (idk why you wouldnt), just a warning, you have to drive a lot to get to missions
game-hours: 81.7
review: One of the Best Game in the Best Platform, Well optimised. Just buy It. 100/100
game-hours: 53.3
review: "I'll swing by and sign the contracts, just ignore the bodies"
game-hours: 24.4
review: amazing graphics
game-hours: 6.7
review: Everything Simulator which does not suck
game-hours: 46.1
review: Pros: -runs great -gameplay is awesome -online is great Cons: -cut scenes and UI are in 16:9 regardless of monitor
game-hours: 32.3
review: Best GTA Game YET. The story 10/10 The gameplay 10/10..Free roaming is love free roaming is life.. Side missons? yup. AMAZING GRAPHICS? Yup. Optimized well..........update your drivers and your good to go! so yup! This game took my life back in 2013..a month later I joined the master race,Best choice ever.and I have been waiting for this moment and its worth it...Don't pirate this game...Your 60$ Is NEEDED to buy this game. Good Job rockstar! And happy gaming!
game-hours: 24.9
review: Woo Showered to remove scars 10/10
game-hours: 34.5
review: There is only one thing I can say about this game, 11/10 Legendary ! - Well optimized - Great Graphics - 60 FPS fluency - Great Gameplay Best value for every penny ! ;)
game-hours: 118.6
review: Game is great 9/10. I feel like GTAV plays better on pc then console but i'm used to mouse/keyboard then a controller. Online was a bit scary for the first hour of the release was overloaded with people trying to get on but cleared up and have not had trouble getting online with it since and the character transfer worked fast you are able to bring your ps3/ps4/xbox360/xboxOne GTAV Online character to the GTAV PC version with all cars/items/appartments/rank/money came fine. Socialclub - crazykris012, Add if you want to play sometime.
game-hours: 30.5
review: Haven't enjoyed a Game this much in a while... you can easily loose track of time when playing this game 10/10
game-hours: 99.3
review: No lag and Online works from Day1. 10/10
game-hours: 59.6
review: Once you get past the R* Social Club , it's a pretty enjoyable game.
game-hours: 38.8
review: It's like Skyrim with hate crimes
game-hours: 6.3
review: DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY (YET). Dont get me wrong... im glad you finally released the game after ensuring there wont be any bugs.... but I cant even get passed the social club screen. You would think that is something you would get fixed before releasing. Ive tried the fixes supplied online and still nothing. Ill edit this review when I can (at the very least) load into the game.
game-hours: 29.3
review: Hello....? Steam Cloud would be great for this game!
game-hours: 52.2
review: Works flawlessly for me, amazing optimization even on my outdated hardware. I can run the game fine and it looks reasonably well on my customized settings (Textures average, shaders and shadows high. CPU-related options are varied. Draw distances maxed.) Runs anywhere from 30-60fps with vsync on, and incredibly rarely drops below 30. My CPU is a AMD Phenom II x4 955 and my GPU is an GTX 480, so you can see I don't have the best computer for today's games. One of my buddies is having rendering issues and another linked his account incorrectly like a  so do be wary. There are some loops you have to jump through but after that it's smooth sailing. Theres issues that Rockstar knows about, though it's very likely this'll be remedied during launch week. The port seems to be very well done, some controls seem wonky but it will just take some getting used to. The population density doesn't seem to have changed much, 4 or 5 additional people on small streets but nothing like the images on the store page. Car density is better, it's not doubled or anything if thats what you were wondering. There are some VERY low quality textures even on maxed out settings for some reason aswell, though you will only notice it if you're looking directly at it. Overall it's very enjoyable for me, online is a bit finicky but I expected that. Be careful with a few settings as they will LITERALLY drop your framerate in half, such as the advanced video settings. I would recommend the game but you may or may not want to wait a week or so for the first patches. If you can wait do it but you don't NEED to, it should be fine. Port is very very solid.
game-hours: 55.4
review: pls buy and do heists with me. much luv, ty p.s. dis game is da b0mb, 10/10
game-hours: 128.2
review: I haven't even played the story and I'm addicted to this game. GTA Online - Missions : 10/10 - Heists : 10/10 - Survival : 10/10 - Everything else : 9/10
game-hours: 62.0
review: More realistic in Grand Theft Auto V .
game-hours: 34.2
review: Hands down this is one of the best games ever! The graphics are just stunning. I don't even have everything maxed and I love it still. Make sure you update your graphics card else you could run into a few compatibility issues. Definitely worth every penny and the wait. Buy it now.
game-hours: 53.9
review: So far so good, 16/12 would r43p
game-hours: 32.5
review: What else can I say?... Probably one of the best games I've ever played... SO MUCH DETAIL! This is a MUST have.
game-hours: 16.6
review: great game and runs great on my 750ti
game-hours: 40.4
review: Hey, if your reading this, just buy the game!
game-hours: 32.2
review: Very good port, it's a shame Rockstar loves social club so much cause it ing sucks.
game-hours: 1.6
review: launcher carshes all the time not working, bb 60$ and  you rockstar
game-hours: 68.4
review: Pros -graphicly excellent -fps mode adds alot to the game -For the most part good port -seemless use of controller and keyboard/mouse -Director mode is a feature that will add lots of replay value Cons -a few peopke having loading people (most people have no problems just a vocal minority) -A few fps issues when on full greaphics even with high end cards -minor camera control issues in fps (but that could me being an ) TL:DR - Great port (if it loads) highly recomend but turn down shaddows a little. The FPS mode adds a great new perspective that works perfectly with keyboard and mouse, but have a controller ready for driving. For me this game works a treat. I have played the 360 version and this is deffinatly just as fun. The use of first person mode makes the game epic. Gun fights are better and more seamless with the ability to aim now a thing. I personalynuse a 360 controller and keyboard and mouse somi get the best of both worlds and i would recomend this. I'm using a nvidia 970 and the game is on near full graphics and well my fps is somewhere between 25-45 fps which would imply the game has a little work to do in regards to graphical bugs. Yes it looks tones better than 360 but not that much better, i dread to see what 4k monitors look like in regards to full graphics. So i hope an update comes out to improve this. Either way the game looks good and super high quality shaddows are not hugely necessary, and turning them down a little improves the frame rate alot. For those who have been having issues loading, that gota suck and there is little i can say about that but it works well for me first time so I have to highly recomend this game and while it is technicaly a port its a fairly good one and think its worth all the money.
game-hours: 31.1
review: The tank shot me in mid air.
game-hours: 41.0
review: Not a crappy port! GJ Rockstar! <3
game-hours: 21.5
review: Besides wonky driving (think Need for Speed II (1997)), its an engrossing experience. Runs smoothly on an aging Alienware.
game-hours: 21.5
review: Besides wonky driving (think Need for Speed II (1997)), its an engrossing experience. Runs smoothly on an aging Alienware.
game-hours: 43.8
review: Szp is, megy is ahogy kell neki, nem volt semmi gond az installal, vagy brmi ilyen els napos problma amikrl a neten rtak. Szval els naprl ennyit, majd a htvgn kockulok! ;)
game-hours: 15.3
review: love the game, i like the first person mode. the one thing is that it freezes at times but im giving it a chance to get the bugs out. keep up with the fun game rockstar love them to death.
game-hours: 42.7
review: 10/10 period.
game-hours: 97.1
review: I owned a boat. I never took it out on the water, but I liked to just sit with a nice single malt and stare at it. My son then decided to sell it, but it got stolen instead. I had to rescue my son AND the boat. Unfortunately I lost the boat, I also had to catch my fat son as he jumped off the boat onto my car. He ruined my suspension as well as got my boat stolen. I was so depressed that I got high on meth and had sex with a stuffed bear wearing panties. 10/10 Strongly Recommend
game-hours: 48.1
review: This game is glitchy and slightly slow, it also won't work with amd overdrive which sucks... Fix that and this game is perfect! error code ERR_GFX_D3D_INIT, none of my other games have this issue.
game-hours: 46.2
review: i have this on xbox360 and the graphics between xbox and pc are immense, love these games and recommend to anyone
game-hours: 80.3
review: Stuck on Crystal Maze mission as Trevor. Supposedly there should be a Jerry Can in the meth lab. Alas, there's not. Nor is it unlocked for purchase in the Amu-nations store / laying around various gas stations. Can't progress the game. Other than that, great game, awesome story, amazing characters. Just mind blowing!
game-hours: 45.7
review: got into car ran 2 cops over and about 10 civs. 11/10 would not put seatbelt on again
game-hours: 33.1
review: They did good work
game-hours: 60.7
review: awesome game i love it
game-hours: 16.1
review: This is the most fun I've had in a game in years. The character dialogue and art direction is better than every Holywood film I've seen in the last ten years. The city more is alive and responsive than the one I live in. Every mission is a joy to play and replay.
game-hours: 46.9
review: Escaping from police hunt while listening to OreImo's opening.... "i..it...it's not like i want you to hunt me because i want your attention!" 99/5 would roll again
game-hours: 59.0
review: fantastic
game-hours: 55.9
review: What can i even say. The only real problem i have with the game the online menu. I dont like haveing to go to story mode to then go to the online menu, to then go to solo mode, friend only, or online mode. You shouild be able to drop into a solo or friend only mode from the online menu, without having to drop into story mode. If all this seems confusing, thats because it is. Just like this games menu setup.
game-hours: 51.4
review: I have play this game for over a year on the Xbox 360, not once did I complain about the Heist, the lack of vehicles, lack of missions, and etc. I didn't care about all that. I cared more about the experience. My friends and I doing dumb sh** in GTA Online. First of all the Single Player aspect of the game is great. It doesnt follow GTA 4's mistake of repeating the same type of missions (ex. follow target, kill target, go to place to kill target, etc.), each mission in GTA 5 feels unique, especially since Switching Character was a thing, and makes every mission unique and diverse, and how RockstarGames used this aspect was very well executed, and it made sense in the missions. For GTA Online, I really enjoyed what I had played on my last-gen Xbox 360, the experience of an open sandbox game and with your friends. Planning epic planes and gettaway cars because my friends and I were going to rob a convinience store?? That sounds stupid! And it was, but that was the whole point of GTA Online, having FUN in anyway possible, especially with your friends. GTA online isn't ment to be played alone, I recommend you bring a friend with you, if you dont have any friends, then make some friends!!!! Everything I have explained about GTA Online was on last-gen, I can't begin to explain how much the PC version captures everything that I loved and gives me more. A more rich and visual improvement over the last-gen console. Personally I don't see a huge difference between the current-gen consoles and the PC, nor does it matter, what matters is that everyone who has been waiting for this on the PC may now get to enjoy one of the greatest open-world sandbox games on the PC. GTA 5 and Online = 10/10
game-hours: 72.3
review: "This isn't bushweed. This... is Mana. I growth it myself. No paranoia, no weirdness. A passport to Nirvana." "F**k it. Gimme that" "Yeah, you'll hardly feel it. I smoke all day and I'm fine. Some pure mellowhype. But I do get concerned about the monsters, yeah."
game-hours: 29.8
review: 10/10 Would repeat the *N* word another million times!
game-hours: 18.9
review: Definetly worth the wait. The game is polished and gorgeous. Surprised of the optimization Rockstar did with GTA V. Everything is running very smooth, no fps drops, no crashes. I thought I had to upgrade my PC to get a decent graphics but man the game is awesome even on low settings. I am running the game on FX6300, GTX 760 and 8Gigs of RAM on Very High settings with average of 40fps. So far I haven't seen something I don't like. Worth the cash. Good job Rockstar.
game-hours: 82.6
review: This game is great on single player and multiplayer. Textures are... meh. (Nothing a few texture pack mods can't fix.) And my 970 runs it well... right up to the point where I crash around 3hrs or less. 8/8 it's gr8 m8. Would crash again...
game-hours: 46.1
review: Well worth the wait. Rockstar got everything right on this one and the visuals take your breath away. Who said the PC is dead. #lovinglossantos.
game-hours: 34.2
review: Flipped my truck down a hill after running down a deer then got a wanted level. 11/10 Would roadkill again
game-hours: 53.3
review: A good first few days... until we get infested with hacks. 10/10, for now.
game-hours: 15.6
review: hi gamers, I heard that some people have problems launching the game on windows laptops, here is the workaround I used. 1) - open ''device manager'' by clicking on the start button and typing in ''device manager'' and pushing the ''enter'' button. 2) - find the tab ''display adapters'' and then right-click on your main graphics card (for me ''NVIDIA GeForce GT 555m'') and click ''disable''. 3) - start the game and wait for social club to showup and wait like 5 secs 4) - repeat step 2 but instead of clicking ''disable'' now click ''enable'' 5) - the game should now start after social club is done doing its thing. hope you have a great time playing GTAV!
game-hours: 51.3
review: Guy was taking a shower and singing for getting RP, people joined him. 10/10, would sing Enjoy The SIlence again.
game-hours: 24.6
review: GTA 5 as an exercise in world building and Story is amazing, the world feels alive, deep and most importantly fun. The 3 main characters are varied enough to keep things from becoming stale, and being able to specialize them, through semi RPG elements and purchases is a nice touch. As far as gameplay related bugs go I encountered just one in 12 hours (unable to progress through mission). However the game makes us of often auto saves and allows quick saving so this was not a massive issue due to being able to load previous save. In terms of a the quality of the PC port I have several woes, firstly installing on a Samsung ssd caused memory issues and made the game unplayable, secondly crossfire scaling is not as good as I hoped. Despite this a great set of graphical options offered allowing intricate customization. overall very happy with the game
game-hours: 37.3
review: awesome game !!
game-hours: 1.6
review: Loading times just unbearable online for such a quick race or deathmatch then once it's finished you're back to loading for ages. Would be a fun game it you did not have to spend half your time waiting. I won't be playing untill this is sorted.
game-hours: 39.7
review: This game is amazing!!! The game itself is really well optimize too. My laptop is Dell Inspiron 15 3542 CPU : Intel core i7 4510u 64bit RAM : 4GB GPU : Nvidia GT 840m OS : Windows 8.1 At low setting 1366*768 resolution with MSAA turn on. I'm getting average of 35fps
game-hours: 30.7
review: 0/8 no boob jiggle physics.
game-hours: 67.9
review: Amazing tons of fun
game-hours: 66.9
review: At first I was very sceptical, especially because i have seen the flaws of this game on the XBOX 360. The issue with that game on that console, was that you could glitch your money in many different ways by using 2 online players, and the pay & spray shop. You could also gate glitch, and get underneath the red parking lot building, and if you had a fast enough car, you could even make a jump towards the metro, underneath Los Santos. Most of these glitches I have tested if they still work, and from what I have gathered and tried, it's 9/10 made impossible. Along with the graphical update, the first person view, and for how you can transfer your GTA console character to the PC makes everything just perfect as it should. I espect many hours that I will spend inside this game, all under the form of total freedom that we all care so much about. The only thing I really dislike about GTA, is that they have taken so much time, untill the PC port was finally there.. For future games, this should really be quicker, prostponing will make gamers angry, and nothing positive comes out from that. I give this game a 9/10.
game-hours: 22.4
review: Everything you'll want in a GTA game! Great Graphics Gameplay 60 FPS Loads of fun
game-hours: 21.7
review: Totally worth the 1 euro per GB. Its what whatsdogs shouldve been,. But better Everything feels so right.
game-hours: 6.6
review: 11/10 would obtain 5 stars again
game-hours: 40.9
review: Runs very smooth :) servers are running very decent considering it launched 2 days ago. Didnt expect it to be so VRAM hungry on high and very high settings. After waiting for so long the R* actually delivered and except few issues (not for everybody) the game is amazing :) GOTY right here right now for me !
game-hours: 19.2
review: I have not played online yet so no comment there but played 7 Hrs of story mode. I haven't had one crash and everything runs smooth. The only issue I had was on day one it took and hour to get things running even after pre-loading. Before release I was told from the (Can I run this site) I pass min but not recomended And from Game Debate I was told I should have no problems running this on High. Well game debate was right no problems on High 60 FPS. Here is my comp info, by no means a power computer. CPU AMD Phenom(tm) II X6 1090T Processor Frequency 3196 MHz No. of CPUs 6 OS Windows Vista Home Premium Service Pack 1 (Build 7601) System Type: 64 bit OS Memory Amount:8191MB : Available:6551MB Hard Disk[C:\] Free Space:391.13GB Total Space:953.76GB Hard Disk[E:\] Free Space:1430.49GB Total Space:1430.79GB Hard Disk[Q:\] Free Space:0.00MB Total Space:0.00MB Graphics Card AMD MSI R9 Radeon R9 280 Gaming 3G 384 Bit GDDR5 Series VRAM 3072.0MB DAC Internal DAC(400MHz) Driver aticfx32.dll Version 8.17.10.1333 Vendor ID 4098 Device ID 26522 Subsystem ID 662443106 Revision Level 0 WHQL Certification Level 1 Local VRAM 3051.2MB Available VRAM 2794.8MB Available Texture Memory 2795.0MB Vertex Shader 5.0 Pixel Shader 5.0 DirectX Version 11.2
game-hours: 29.6
review: Best game ever created !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 7.5
review: I highly recommend this game, in spite of some non positive aspects, such as the price in Russian region. It is ridiculously expensive game. But as the positive sides, I want to point to: - High optimization - Pushing the limits graphics and physics - Next generation sandbox environment - Advanced AI - Well enough online mode - Over 1kkk hours of fun and madness - I killed a cat while running from the cops Also, this game helps to release stress very well :)
game-hours: 42.5
review: My father is Niko Bellic. 10/10 will bowl with Uncle Roman again.
game-hours: 49.7
review: As a player who already has played throw the game on previous consoles. I think it is 100% worth rebuying it because it's so much better feel in the shooting and the grafics is mindblowing 10/10
game-hours: 58.8
review: It was worth the WAIT! Every aspect of playing this great game on pc is just how I imagined it. This is rather a review of a person who owned GTA 5 on ps3 and I must say I was very tempted to buy it on my ps4 but I ve decided to wait for superior performance (although I have an average machine) and controls (especialy for shooting and now actually being able to rock in multiplayer deathmatches and jobs requiring the killing). I am one of those people that have issues starting the launcher (does not do anyth) but I am lucky enough to have a native and external GPU so I just disable my GTX680 start the launcher and then reenable it. Framerate is amazing (although I am still tweaking settings for my mid-range machine) it is such an immersive experience to drive around in first person and then get into shotouts thinking you are playing some kind of fancy counter-strike or COD with cars and H**CKERS))) The story of the game was never the strongest point and do not see myself being super eager to replay it but I mainly purchased the game for pc to play Online and fool around with film maker so yeah, totally worth those hard earned 60 bucks! PS> to people who still have trouble launching the game I am very sorry and hope they resolve the issue soon but definitely try the video adapter thing if you have appropriate setup (integrated GPU coupled with the Nvidia or AMD GPU).
game-hours: 35.2
review: LOOK this is a good game i know that i love it BUT the fact that it just came out ITS NOT WORKING FOR ME ;( and here it is i go on to steam and hit gta v it works the when i hit Story Mode (mind you i have not played it yet) it loads. . . ... ... ... ... ... and it loads... then the GTA V ONLINE tip things stop moving and the back ground with the 3 people got black after seeing all three pic's 1 time then it gose to F and stops at M and then i hear a click AS if the game went in to the game the M turn black no screen now then the part with the tips stoped working and it still says it loading then when i wait 5min the music just stopes.... it still loads but that is nothing happems HELP ME FAST i am trying to make a youtube video that day it came out HELP ME NOw i am not the only one with this so help me as fast as you can BTW I RECOMMEND THE GAME this is just so people read LOVE THE GAME (when i get to play it)
game-hours: 76.0
review: This game is amazing. This game should to be THE GAME OF THE YEAR. And should to be BEST GAME EVER !!! I recommend this game for YOU!!!! BEST GAME EVER 10/10
game-hours: 34.6
review: Best drink-a-shot-every-time-any-character-says-er game, ever.
game-hours: 24.8
review: My god this 's fun. I'm sad there is no bowling with my cousin. But there is golf. 11/10 would golf and run over people in the cart again. I'm running on normal, some standard settings. I don't dip below 40 or 50. Specs: i7-4700MQ GT 755m 8GB RAM 240GB Intel 530 SSD 1TB SSHD
game-hours: 33.3
review: Really great optimized for PC!
game-hours: 9.5
review: Running with a 970, this game runs pretty great. Even with that BS "500MB" RAM portion. Now, it is still GTA 5. If you played it before, it's about the same. No real new things to be too amazed about, aside from the graphics. This game alone will make you feel you want a Titan X with a 4k monitor just to truly feel how amazing this game looks and feels.
game-hours: 45.3
review: 3 days and still not working. support hasnt done  all for me. don't think ill be keep it.
game-hours: 21.7
review: R
game-hours: 42.8
review: Alright this game is so cash money. Worth the asking price on anyday. Especially if this is the first time you play this game, as it was for me. I managed to avoid spoiling everything about this game. It's gorgeous, and the campaign is pretty fantastic. I wasn't expecting interesting protagonist with great personalities in a believable world. I wasn't expecting missions and tasks to be interesting or fun either. But I am sitting here very plesantly suprised and having a great tine. If you have the rig to run this game at its highest settings at 1080 or higher, you're guranteed a good time in a vast world. A game that deserved and lived up to the hype almost 2 years ago still delivers today.
game-hours: 18.7
review: Trying to play online, every single session contains A SINGLE PLAYER (never got matched with more than 1). All jobs/heist connections are down. I can't do Jobs I can't do Heists basically GTA 5 ONLINE is garbage right now. 10/10 Would not Buy unless fixed. I don't have any connectivity problems with any other game, ports forwarded, no firewall, etc etc
game-hours: 73.5
review: brilliant online and off - i've been called every name you can think off by the AI and the music from the radio stations is great and the conversations you here make you laugh only critizm is the confusing UI and sometimes long loading 10/10
game-hours: 27.1
review: Best game ever.
game-hours: 76.6
review: OK, first of all, I had the problem with the game crashing at the very beginning on the rockstar launcher, I'm playing on a laptop with an nvidia card, so the trick where you disable the nvidia card, start the game let the rockstar thing load, then before you click on the ok button to launch it you go back in re-enable the nvidia card, the rockstar thing goes blank, so make sure you took note of where the ok button was cause you can still click it an launch even though you can't see it. Alright! On too the game itself. Graphically it looks great,I had it set to some of the highest settings,it ran above 45 fps the whole time,and I was have a good time just taking in the sites at first. First person mode works great, its fun blasting away at people and cops this way, however the driving is a bit difficult as you just can't see much, its like the guy is leaning way forward in his seat so you only see out of half the windshield, However you can see the spedometer and it works, so you can actually see your speed now! Online ran very smoothly and I didn't experience many laggy people. All in all I'd say its worth getting it on pc again even if you already played the crap out of it on 360 or ps3 like i did. I look forward to teaming with you or blowing you azs up in game! E
game-hours: 6.8
review: you must play the prologue before going online 10/10 would alt f4 again
game-hours: 65.1
review: most useful aspect of first person: rolling down hills 10/10 would get motion sickness again
game-hours: 97.0
review: BEWARE you have about a 50% chance that the game will not run at all. It won't boot-up, update, access the launcher, nothing. My PC is well above average and my copy of the game was directly from steam, but that has nothing to do with these issues. Basically Rockstar released a game that only works with a HANDFUL of GPU's. They also have provided NO RESPONSE after over 48 hrs of thousands of people being unable to play this game. This is possibly the worst PC game launch I've ever had the misfortune of being apart of. SAVE YOUR MONEY UNTIL ROCKSTAR FIXES THIS MESS!! Otherwise you have an excellent chance of joining the masses of mis-placed gamers who have also thrown their hard earned money down the drain. It's been 48 hrs after a horrendous launch, and the devs have clearly expressed their "zero s-given"-policy by their complete and total silence on the matter. They had over a year to work out these "little glitches" for this release, but they never tested the launcher on some of the most common GPU's on the market?!? Just do yourself a favor and wait.
game-hours: 65.9
review: Best Game ever! been hype for months for this game and it's better then i thought it would be!
game-hours: 18.0
review: This game is the best pc game iv'e played by far it's got everything guns hookers cars planes trains bikes the lot i cant put it down iv'e played all the GTA games even played the 2 D one years ago the GTA games have come so far im getting a solid 60 fps 1080p on very high settings initially i couldn't get the game up and runing im playing on my MSI GT60 Dominator core i7 4810MQ haswell 12 gig of ram paired with a GTX 870m the 3 gig variant FHD matie screen 60 herz linked up to a BEN Q monitor 1080p so who ever has this gaming lappy and cant get GTA 5 up and runing the fix i used was to open up device manager go to display adapters disible the gtx nvidia card the run gta from steam directly as soon as the game starts to open give about 3 seconds before turning the nvidia card back on you have to be quick but not to quick or it wont work it worked for me its a fix in the meantime hopefully Rock Star north should get a patch out for this problem i tried for ages to get working the launcher kept crashing but as i said the workaround i found is a short term saloution so hope this helps . if any one has a question on this send me a message .
game-hours: 58.8
review: every 10 mins it says program stopped working help me
game-hours: 16.0
review: It's GREAT wow... just dropped my jaw.
game-hours: 27.1
review: So good glad i spent my wages on it, cant wait to try out online.
game-hours: 60.4
review: Caused my GTX 780 Ti to combust 10/10 Other than that it ran really smooth and didn't feel like any of Rockstar's previous ports, so I would recommend getting as long as you have a CO2 Fire Extinguisher nearby otherwise you will be able to cook bacon and eggs on your burning hardware since it is incredibly demanding and taxing on your hardware.
game-hours: 19.1
review: I played GTA V/Online on console and aside from a rocky start with updates and bugs and connectivity issues, the game played GREAT. I loved the easter eggs, i enjoyed the off-line story mode. And the online mode was great, even as a vanilla game with no DLC or updates the game had SO MUCH to do: Racing, Darts, TENNIS?, Golf, parachuting, base jumping, deep sea diving, the list goes on. I felt the graphics for this game were about par as far as GTA games go, they slowly keep pace with the times, the graphics weren't mind blowing, but they were very decent. As far as support goes, Rockstar is currently reviewing a Ticket I submitted regarding a few bugs, and things seem to be moving in a positive direction. DO NOT rate games on their glitches and bugs, rate the GAME. And i give this game a very good rating. Now if the BUGS and GLITCHES are NOT fixed, my rating will unfortunately change, as i am rating this game under the assumption that those bugs will be fixed sooner rather than later.
game-hours: 56.2
review: Best game, EVER!! 10/10
game-hours: 23.7
review: Great game, when you actually get it to work!
game-hours: 19.1
review: For most this game is probably better than console but on my  pc its just a bit worse 11/10 would wait 2 years again
game-hours: 25.7
review: Waiting for a patch, game isn't launching
game-hours: 47.6
review: BEST GTA EVER
game-hours: 74.9
review: Very nice Game, played it on PS3 and still the same feeling. Runs very smoothly, but the only bad thing is: The high CPU Usage. I can change everything, but my CPU is always on 100%, still on low settings. And this causes no texture loading while driving, which is very bad.
game-hours: 45.1
review: As epic as ever.
game-hours: 35.9
review: Game looks great and runs great no issues here.
game-hours: 77.0
review: It actually came out 10/10
game-hours: 14.0
review: Ignore the dayone issues, Rockstar are the best but are human! Issues be issues ( what game doesn't have these? Error 37? ;) ) Buy it, play it, enjoy it! Developers, designers and all the team at Rockstar should be bowed upon for their effort to support the PC market with their latest and greatest. Show your support, give the hard working team the respect they deserve. PS. Goodbye weekend! :)
game-hours: 8.1
review: BEST GTA EVER MADE 10/10
game-hours: 60.5
review: From the minute I started playing I have not been disappointed. This game, as far as my experience goes, has been full of nothing but elation. This game is nothing but amazing right now. I have experienced no issues so far (do note, I only played up to the first Reposession mission and no side questing, your experience may vary) and framerates have been very smooth. The graphics, or should I say the game, is amazing for what I have in terms of hardware (GTX 770 2GB, i7 3770K, 16GB RAM) and I recommend it wholeheartedly at this point and time.
game-hours: 39.9
review: Call the army, this port gets 5 stars *****
game-hours: 62.8
review: game wont launch  u
game-hours: 78.7
review: Good
game-hours: 11.1
review: yeah dont bother atm if you're planning on just playing gta online, it keeps crashing every 5 minutes. edit. game keeps crashing even on single player mode wait for a patch
game-hours: 7.7
review: Punched a fat black lady in the face No wanted level Punched a white lady in the face 1 Star 10/10 would be racist again
game-hours: 15.5
review: Verry lovely game!, I got the xbox 360 version and the one version and now the pc version, and i can say that the pc is the best version for me. Verry nice grapichs and smooth gameplay. You can set the game just how you want it. Controlls are some things you need to get used to, the menu's is one of them. But the mouse and keyboard works verry nice. Expecially when you are in combat. The world look amazing. I got also problemms on the console to join a nice populated online server. But on the pc you always in a populated server, so thats a nice thing! Just a great game!
game-hours: 19.3
review: The game is fun!
game-hours: 31.2
review: really fun game, but with my spec, core i5, GeForce GT 750M and 8GB RAM you might not enjoy the game so well. Still, better than others tho
game-hours: 28.7
review: <3
game-hours: 8.7
review: Perhaps this will change by the time someone else reads this, but so far it's another one of our favorite let downs of a big title game being broken on release. Sure works great for some people, but if you're anything like the rest of us, it'll immediately crash on start up, with Rockstar doing little to nothing to mention a fix. They've noted it, but we're left with a "We are working on a fix" which is out of the way, and hard to get to in their website. Thats it. The game however, great. Awesome, 10/10. Atleast it was 2 years ago when I played it on 360, whilst I was waiting for another delay for the PC version. 10/10 Rockstar. 10/10.
game-hours: 36.2
review: Great game
game-hours: 24.3
review: Well after 14hours of problems regarding Social Club,errors etc. after launch I was pissed off. Toke a while to fix everything on my end, If you buy it make sure if you have Windows 7 Service Pack 1 update, if you have pirated Win7 get the SP1 update from their site or 3rd party site. Once everything was done, game runs smothly, online doesn't crash, truly experience worth the money!!! I give this 9.7/10
game-hours: 57.8
review: I remember the day when my friends told me I'd never experience GTA 5 on the pc when it first released, I kept my comments to myself, knowing that when GTA IV released it took them 9 months for it to come over to the PC. 2 years later I pre-odered the game, hoping and praying this game wouldn't turn out terrible....and to my surprises, with some of the launch problems, and rubber banding during online play, Rockstar really did make this game one of my favorite games of all times. It runs flawless on my gaming PC, it isn't a beastly rig, has medium specs to it, but damn even with all my graphics set to normal/high, the game runs 40-50 FPS in cities, and over 60 in the mountains and blaine county. Online is funny as hell, playing with friends is amazing, running from the cops, to holding up store clerks for money, to heists, they really have made the best version of GTA 5 possible. If you already haven't purchased this game, open your wallets and buy it NOW. If you asked for a refund, buy the game AGAIN. This is the best game of the year for me, and I will be playing it years from now with friends, and I promise you its worth every minute, hour, and dime you put into it.
game-hours: 45.1
review: If you have a low spec comp. good luck searching for satisfication in this game :D
game-hours: 26.8
review: 3 years ago, GTA V came out on console and I was sure I'll never get to play it as I'm a PC player exclusively. When it was announced on PC and next gen, I told myself that a simple port of the game was coming, like many other games, and that PC players will be once again treated like something that don't matter with minimal options and improvement. How wrong I was. The amount of work that have been put in this release is phenomenal. The optimization seems top notch, and even the Next gen console version looks bad versus the 4k beefed version. I'm not playing in 4k, few people can, but I have enough horsepower on my rig to play it on ultra 1080p and I have to say that it's amazing. Mouse & keyboard controls are good (mostly for shooting!) but are a little clumsy in vehicle phases. Good thing I have an old x360 pad at hand. Technically speaking, I dont know what to say. I'm speechless. There's so much graphical option than even the best PC games pales compared to this. For once, we have a true PC version, and not a quick cheap port with few to none options for us PC Master Race Overlords who loves tweaking everything =D I have only played 2 hours, but I can already say that I don't regret one bit to have paid full price for this game. And considering how much copies have sold already, I hope more editors will be willing to make true PC version of their games in the future, seeing the huge potential it represent.
game-hours: 57.6
review: It's home.
game-hours: 31.1
review: This game is great! I played it on the 360 when it first came out and I have to say that getting it again on the pc was a great choice. The game has really improved from the 360 version. It looks beautiful with max setting. I get about 45 to 50fps on max settings (check out my profile for all my pc info) which is still better than the 360. First person mode is really cool and the scenery is awesome. Also something that I liked is they put in even more good songs into the radio stations, los stantos rock radio is the best haha. Last but not least, hiests! If you are on the fence about getting this game I'd say go for it even if you have played it before like me on the ps3 or 360, it's so much better on the pc.
game-hours: 99.8
review: Top PC GAME! GTA online is Epic!
game-hours: 19.7
review: everything <3 !!!
game-hours: 23.6
review: It is not working as it should, the rendering is not working that good. I have updated my gpu driver and so on. Do you have a solution?
game-hours: 29.4
review: amazing, they should charge double!
game-hours: 51.6
review: It's so Awesome!!!!
game-hours: 22.8
review: Wow! Runs amazing maxed out on my i5 4960k and G1 Gaming 970!!!! They've done a really good job with it!
game-hours: 6.9
review: 8/8 m8 even tho its 2 years l8 but i thinks its gr8
game-hours: 28.7
review: All I can say is this game is 50x better than it was on the xbox 360. The nightlife in the game looks amazing with all the reflections etc....The detailing now is alot better aswell ! I reccomend this game to anyone looking to have a chilled time with friends driving and runnning around causing havok in the city of Los Santos :)
game-hours: 100.7
review: A nearly perfect PC version, runs like a dream almost completely maxed out at 1080p with my GTX 970. Almost every option you can think of can be configured, even keyboard lighting effects if you have an RGB keyboard like the Orion Spark. The only omission I can think of is that, despite the ability to do so for the right stick, you cannot configure deadzones for the left stick. This isn't a problem when using a gamepad, but I had been hoping to use my Xbox wireless racing wheel in first person, and it's difficult to use when you're stuck with a ~15% deadzone. I think there's one for the throttle axis, too, but it's much less noticeable.
game-hours: 31.2
review: more than 12 hrs after launch and it isnt working for moest people is abit of a joke. BUT when i got it working its an awesome game so i guess i would give it a like 8/10
game-hours: 50.4
review: Well, I am actually very hyped for this game but when it first released there is a lot of crashes and settings that I need to deal with. I'm using Lenovo Y510P, for laptop users there is a lot of trouble going through to play this game. A lot of contant crashes god knows where it came from but after everything I am still giving the positive review for all the awesome gameplay I had. I did had bad moments starting the game but after playing it, every minute of it is worth while. PS: I don't recommend laptop users to purchase first, wait till they fix this thing.
game-hours: 24.7
review: ITS ALIVE!
game-hours: 3.2
review: - Hey, Rockstar! Can you upload working rgsc to steam servers? - NO!!!!!11111 U MUST TO DOWNLOAD IT FROM OUR SLOW SERVER!!!!11111 - I have connection trouble... - I DON'T GIVE A !!!111 - I've restarted steam. It's working! - ... - Wait... FPS is completly random (10-160) rather with ultra sets or with low. My PC (FX-8350, R9 290X, 8GB DDR3 and Intel 720 ssd) should be pretty good for this game, isn't it? - I DON'T GIVE A !!!!1111111 GO PLAY DOTA 2 OR WHAT PC-GAMERS LOVE!!!!!11111 - I've instal new amd driver and change some sets. FPS is upper 40! - ... - Love you, Rockstar!
game-hours: 36.7
review: Thanks Rockstar, I paid 40 for a game that wont even give me an error message. This is the kind release from EA.
game-hours: 39.0
review: A must get. No excuses.
game-hours: 43.2
review: Maxed Out Water Reflection settings and hit up the strip club with a pocket full of dollar bills. Slip and slide simulator 2015 10/10
