game-hours: 237.9
review: ive bought this game for many years and think this might be my last. firstly im not keen on spending 30 a year on something that could be released as an update. the lack of competition in the manager genre has made SI very lazy, to the point where they make one or two small changes and market it as a new game. here are some of the points where my problems lie -ridiculous injurys, in my first season there was not one point where i didnt have at least six players injured -how many times in real football does a team make all its subs then a player gets injured and they finish the game with 10 men? well in FM about one in three games but amazingly never to the computer opponent -its almost impossible to generate any momentum anymore in FM, you will be playing well then suddenly lose for no reason -football has always been in the headlines for footballers astronomical wages, thank god its not like FM, youth players who have never made a first team appearance asking for 40k! agents of average players asking for 5mill in fees! -instead of improving things like the ability to see how your players have performed in training during the week to help your decisions on who to play SI add 'tunnel interviews'?!? i can imagine the meeting at SI 'so what have the fans on the forums been asking for' 'well their all desperate for more press interviews in the game, they just dont feel theres enough' as fans of the series we should treat SI like an alchoholic relative and not hand over money to them to continue their bad habits, in this case their bad habits being treating fans like cash-cows that they can just make sub-standard games for and rely on fan loyalty
game-hours: 113.0
review: I have played every iteration of the Football Manager series, long before I even used Steam and I have to say that Football Manager 2015 has some of the most glaring issues I have seen within the series. Manager customization has been inserted and is a step in the right direction, but not entirely. So, you will get to "customize" the stats of your manager. Are you more laid back or more technical? The option to customize and edit stats as such as adaptability and understand of things like attacking, defensive, etc are there. However, i don't entirely know what impact they have on the game as In my 9 hours of playing I haven't really noticed it or came across them again. I also do not know if these stats improve or worsen over time, depending on what you do - as the game does not tell you, even in the very brief tutorials. The new user interface layout is amazing and is long overdue. I actually found that I stopped playing Football Manager 2014 because of the UI. It was clunky, it was a mess and I had no idea where anything was. It was all just text and drop down menu's. Now there is a nice sidebar which provides links that take you to the most important and most used parts of the game as such as tactics, scouting, team, etc. Purchasing players is odd this year. Sometimes it is extremely easy to buy a player and others extremely difficult, for no reason - even if you are trying to purchase an already transfer listed player or a reserve player getting no games at his current club. The old "Let me pay 100m on a 48 month deal" STILL works. You can buy any player that wants to come to your club if you use this method and it totally breaks the entire game. My biggest gripe and the sole reason why I need to give a bad recommendation to this game: The AI and the match engine. The AI in Football Manager 2015 is the worst I have ever seen in the series. If you actually sit and watch the match unfold you will see some of the following: - Players running for a ball and stopping for no reason - The goalkeeper saving the ball, standing back and staring at the ball, which is touching his feet - A Player will chase the ball down the wing at full speed, slow down and allow a opposing team player to catch up and take the ball. - Opposing team player has the ball and stands still. All of your players are polite enough to let him stand still. - Outrages tackles: Ball is moving out of your box, opposing striker is running out of your box. There is no threat. Defender will slide tackle him as he is leaving the box and give away a penalty. - CB's that seem to play as strikers, leaving entire gaps in your defence. Red cards, injuries and own goals - EVERYWHERE. I have not went through a game yet where there has not been at least one own goal either by my team or the opposing team. They are everywhere. Red cards and injuries happen in abundance - I have had 10 players injured within the first month of a season even though I had average training and not too many games in quick succession. Tactics do not work as they are intended. If you sit down and take the time to read and learn how to create tactics, you will be so frustrated. The game gives you descriptions of what each position and instruction does, in depth. This is great. However, they do not work as they say. Short passing, retaining position and not punting the ball up the park? Team constantly just fires the ball all over the park with next to no short passing. Push higher up the park? Team sits deep. Because of these issues, scorelines can be ridiculous. In my first 5 games of the season there was a combined number of 30 goals between me and the other team. My first game finished 5-4 and my second was 6-3. This all leads to a very frustrating experience overall. Every year SI always say "we are improving the match engine". Where are these improvements? I have not seen any improvements, just more bugs and terrible AI. I love this series and I am a huge football fan, but I feel obliged to tell fellow consumers not to purchase this product until it vastly improves.
game-hours: 1138.7
review: I've been a huge fan of FM going way back before the big split that led to Championship Manager and Football Manager. Since I started this game, I've won the league once and the treble in another season. I'm in my fourth season. So it's not like I'm whinging because I can't win. But there is clearly something wrong with the matchday engine. The most succinct way I can put it is that it's like they've decided Brazil vs Germany from the last WC is commonplace. I'll keep 8 straight clean sheets (or something like that) then get beaten by a promoted side 6-0, or 7-5! What's more, I've noticed other games in the league finishing 8-6, and stuff like that. Since I started counting, in three seasons I've seen goalkeepers chipped from the touchline or from inside the defending half 27 TIMES!!! The game needs a lot of work. It's a winning franchise; so, all they need to do is fix it. But don't spend your money on it until they do. They have released a very dodgy product. I've never seen an FM release like it. Just makes the game seem ridiculous, even when you're winning. And that's not why people play this game, right?
game-hours: 194.2
review: There are some good things about FM 2015 which might make it interesting for someone who has never played the series before. For me, as a pretty hardcore player, I feel like I'm in a vicious circle just feeding my malcontent about the game, but cannot break my addiction. And hell, I've had many spells of FM addiction throughout the last fifteen years, but they are only truly rewarding when I feel I can make a difference with my particular style of play. And my preferred scenario is the lower league model, excessive scouting, wheeler dealer kind of approach, which is worth very little in 2015. The thing that works the least, for me, is that I don't feel I can truly play the game the way I would want to play it. My expectation is that somehow getting a few amazing players in a League 2 or Conference team should show. But whether it shows or not depends on chance, player ratings are very position dependent, with central midfielders taking the runt of bad ratings, however amazing they may seem. So I might spend hours searching for the coolest prospects I can find, fishing for work permits for my non-eu conquests, but getting phenomenal players on a mediocre squad matters very little. The general feeling is of a wooden game. Bizarre things happen which seem to defy reason. Some are buggy, like goalkeeper reactions, some are fixable via lengthy tactical tinkering, like defending corners, and others are the worst of all: monotonous. Long distance goals? Maybe on TV. A fast player outrunning a defender unless the latter fumbles it? Keep dreaming. Half competent goalkeepers seem harder to find than the proverbial needle. And then there's an aggressive randomness to how a team behaves and matches unfold. My "concede within the first ten minutes syndrome" seems unshakable. I am not saying it cannot be done, but the feeling is that it is something that needs to be fixed from the get go, rather than something that should be reasonably fine under normal conditions, like corners. And when there's a huge quality gap between your players and the opposition, it all gets hard to fathom. So why have I played hundreds of hours of this? On the one hand, the addiction. On the other, that elusive feeling when things actually do go right and you win an amzing match. But I am left frustrated because FM seems to be going nowhere, the development of the game fails to address key issues year after year. A balanced match engine. A bit of flair and a bit of the unexpected. Some character and individuality to the players. Unbiased ratings. Consistency and logic in the transfer system. Of course it's not easy and there's a lot of back and forth in trying to get it all together, but considering the heritage of this series, I cannot avoid a distinct sensation of complacency, padded with the occasional UI revamp or a couple of shiny new features. Bottom line: if you have not played this yet, maybe wait it out some more, like until SI decide to take the bull by the horns and create another classic. There are many people who enjoy working on this game and its database is a treasure trove, an inimitable advantage for anyone interested in joining the fray. The risk with taking it up is that even if you get it for free, time costs incurred are not worth the experience and chances are your passion for football will be your downfall, in spite of this.
game-hours: 372.3
review: Too realistic. My arsenal team is getting too many injuries.
game-hours: 79.7
review: I've played every single Football manager game since the split from Championship manager and every single championship manager before that and I have to say, this is the first time I've been massively disapointed in the series - It doesn't feel like FM, Its a skewed imposter. Some things around the game has improved in subtle ways - Match day stadiums looks great, the scouting is more realistic than ever but the good ends there. The matchday engine has slowly become a joke over the years, tolerable but still worsening for the past 3 editions, this one being the worst. Injuries are through the roof in this version (even after the hotfix tweaks) and its impossible to keep a players fitness up even with squad rotation. In addition to the injuries the goals are insane your team will score 100 goals a season with Anichebe as your main attacking threat but youll also concede just as many with Neuer as your 'keeper. Tactics don't seem to matter all that much, after testing it seems the main factor is your familiarity with it. If its low you'll drop easy wins without question as your defenders refuse to perform any type of tackle. In all I wouldn't recommend this game to anyone in it's current state and I really hope SI throw out some massive fixes/improvements and soon.
game-hours: 1218.2
review: Pros: Love the new layout and skin, Communication with players is better than ever Love the new options in transfer and contract negotiations Cons: Way too easy to sign top players, and the 48 month payment options are pretty broken. They should take more out of your budget for them since at the moment you can spend 100M on a 25M budget Match engine is terrible. Best way to win is by playing like Big Sam, hoof it up to the wingers and have a big man in the middle. Keepers are also terrible, constantly fumbling into the path of oncoming strikers, getting caught in posession and passing to the opponent. Defenders can't mark in the box and miss free headers constantly. I would say 3/4 of all goals come from a cross or a keeper / defender doing something shambolic. Overall: Great new features, coming at the expense of all the simple things. If they fix the match engine then this could be a very good installment. Currently: 4/10 If patched: 9/10
game-hours: 386.4
review: apparently someone who makes the match engine died because the whole ing thing is a disaster. "the most realistic football simulation game" offers REALISTIC scorelines such as 7-3, 6-2, and i've even seen an 8-8 draw. defending is non existent. goalkeepers take about 10 minuites to get up after they make a save and the whole thing is just broken. i lost 5-0 when my team had 15 shots 6 on target and they had around 5 shots 3 on target. 2 of them were own goals and the rest were rebounds from the keeper. if you call that realistic i have no idea what league you are looking at. i hate when people say "it's your tactics"; ive tried every tactic possible just to get some results and nothing works. i started about 3 saves now. i like the new layout and the game mechanics. but the match engine is godawful and unfinished to the point where i question if it's a football game. why the  is the match engine so bad when it was amazing on fm14? go back to 14 everybody where you can get realistic scorelines. tl;dr , nobody can score, nobody can defend, goalkeepers are apparently disabled. dont buy it until a patch comes out.
game-hours: 236.2
review: Won the League with Liverpool. Most unrealistic version yet. 1/10
game-hours: 526.4
review: It's another year and another Football Manager game. I will play it for countless hours again because I am addicted to this sort of game and I play FM because frankly, there is no alternative. Does this mean I will either recommend it or give it a good review? Once again, not this year. The lack of ability in SI to actually listen to the reviews of its customers is just awful. This is a company that has been excellent in the past at implementing user ideas. In the past few season such bugs as far too many injuries (they argue there are fewer than real life, blah, blah) and goal keepers who just let the ball in after catching it have been glaring issues, just to name two examples but I could go on like this for hours with things they just choose to ignore or tell us are not issues at all. The new user interface is just trash, especially the tactics screen and this does not seem to be getting addressed despite cries from the user base, once again. I don't really need to write a long list of things wrong with this game, just quickly browsing the review section here will show you what is sorely missing and what is over looked. I want to love FM again, but it looks like they are just making too much money and only listening the fan boys on their main forums to care about the user base anymore.
game-hours: 153.1
review: Ridiculous match engine which sees many matches end 4-4, 6-4, 5-5 etc. You will go 3-0 up and use containing tactics to protect your lead, only to conceed 5 second half goals and lose 3-5. I've already had 3 goals scored from attacking teams own half i.e 60/70 yard strikes. Most goals come from rebounds from the keeper or the woodwork. Its all just a bit broken. I have been playing football manager since its Amiga Championship Manager days and this has to be the worst effort yet. I usually wait for these titles to go on sale but bought this one at full price, eager to get hold of my teams (Watford) potential promotion winning squad. Never again will i pay full price for a Football Manager game. Very disappointed. I am sure future patches will address some of these issues but they never should have released an unfinished, unbalanced game
game-hours: 143.2
review: Until we get a fix for injuries, this game is unplayable. No matter what I do, all the players get injured for many months, it is impossible to play. The devs say it is low compared to real life, but its a lie, in real life we don't see so much injuries lasting for so many months so often, this is bull****. Btw, I've prepared my players with a lot of conditioning training in pre-season and everything, but it doesn't matter, they still get injured almost every game and in between one another.
game-hours: 76.4
review: Not saying this is a bad game not at all. I have played football manager since 2012 and know the game in and out. Now this is the most fun football manager. But is the most fake as in a season only having one 0-0 game where I play defence with counter attack still does make for an interesting season. Having 127 goals and 58 conceded is interesting to watch as well do not get me wrong. But this is the most unrealistic football manager they have put out. Its a joke how many goals go in and how much is just plain unrealistic. Example first game in the Prem just got Middlesbrough promoted playing against Liverpool games ends 8-6 .... 8-6 !!! How does that happen? If you want an unreal intense football manager where it is all GOALS GOALS GOALS then this is for you if you want a football manager go and play the last year and just download a MOD that updates teams for you because this is not a football manager. Pros  - A lot of goals - Never a dull game - More in-depth communication with player and staff - In match team talks - Better transfer and overall balancing - Always fun most game end with a min of 3 goals - MORE GOALS GOALS !!! GOALS FOR EVERY ONE - Being able to speak to a player who does not want to come instead of being blocked by agent gives more scope to get players out of your range Cons  - Very unrealistic - Random injurie spells (not always but can end up having 9 players out for 3 weeks after 2 games and two weeks of training) So always save and quit when this starts as when it does the injuries will not stop until you cannot field a team - No matter strategy you will score a lot and concede a lot - Could still have more depth, I still think it has got too streamlined from 2012 - Players seems to get very unhappy fast and all seem to being a stubborn as a mule unless you use the talk ( X player is having good form) no matter the form they seem to agree with you - Having a one 0-0 in a hole season and 3 strikers with more than 20 goals and top 6 goals scores in the league all having more the 30 goals kind of makes it seem very unrealistic - German league rights have gone and still no badges for most top flights teams ( MODS do fix both mind) Overall For people wanting fun 7/10 People wanting a football manager 3/10
game-hours: 37.8
review: Well this is it, the last FM game I'll ever buy for full price. It's not a bad game on it's own, but charging AAA price for this yearly database update, and on top of that shamelessly charging 4.5 euros for the ingame editor is the last straw for me. At least give the pre-order buyers a ~40% discount and a free ingame editor, because your yearly rehash is highly overpriced right now, SI/SEGA. Honestly I don't know what I was expecting out of this year's game, it has been exactly the same for what, 5-6 years now? and that's only if you count the annoying interviews and the 3D engine, take those away, and it's the same exact game I played 12 years ago. That would not necessarily be a bad thing if they didn't ask for so much money. The things the game gets wrong, as SI would put it, include (but are not limited to): The economy is screwed up still. The poor, low reputation clubs still ask that you pay more than the player's market value, yet they set your club with their real world budget and debts! They really don't give a damn, it's all about rich clubs and England as usual (because the Premier League is the only important one. Out of 100+ leagues, 100% of people play in the Premier League, right?). The 3D match engine still looks and acts janky as all hell, defenders will just stand next to the loose ball while the opposition striker is charging in at full speed. The amount of goals scored is "currently" too high to be remotely realistic. I never had a game without scoring, only 3 without conceding, I beat one team 10-3, played 15 competitive matches, scored 51, and conceded 24 goals, so 75 goals in 15 matches, if I count the 4 friendlies it gets even more ridiculous. The game still has the cheating match engine, you lose to a weaker team, you know it was set up, so you reload the game to test it, you lose again, maybe 10 reloads later you get a draw, but you won't win until you give up the 3D engine and switch to text mode, or til you... that's right folks, until you buy the ingame editor and fix the game. :) - call me a noob and I'll just delete your comment (and assassinate you when you aren't looking), I've been playing the game for 12 years, and I know my tactics and training setups. Wouldn't be fair if I didn't say anything positive about this years changes, would it now? - I like the new interface. As for the recommendation, If you own the last years game, or 2013, 2012... 2004 don't buy this game, the semi updated 3D engine has nothing good to offer, and the rest of the game is totally the same, the database update is not worth the money until the game goes 75% off. If you don't own any FM games, but would like to buy one, get it at 50% off. If you're like me and pre-ordered it, go to the steam store and look at games you could have bought instead, and cry. Or keep playing this, they're bound to patch the stupid out of it at some point, right... right? Finally, here are my scores for the game: Full price score - 5/10 - Absolutely not worth 50 of any world famous currency (except Rubles maybe). 50% off - 7/10 - If you're shaking and FIFA 15 doesn't help, you might want to give FM 15 a shot. 75% off - 8/10 - Get it and enjoy it. By the time it goes down to 75% off, the patches should soften the rough edges, you'll be getting the best version of this years game at a reasonable price.
game-hours: 38.8
review: I love the football manager series ,this game has potential but it has some serious teething issues and needs updated. The high score lines and players getting injured every game is very unrealistic and not up to usual standard. I've been playing FM since the start and was put off by the mix reviews on here but decided to try it for myself . I dont understand how people can honestly enjoy or reccommend this game in its current state? Pros- Looks good and performance is fast. New interface is good and easy to use once you get used to it. Scouting has been improved. Cons- Far too many injuries ,at least one per game leading to a selection crisis. No matter what team or league I pick. Far too many high score lines, 4-4, 6-4, 7-5 , 4-3 , even against lower league teams. Goal keepers are slow to get up after a save. Defending is poor/non existent no matter what team or tactics you deploy , I have yet to keep a clean sheet. Far too many goals from long range against you. Far too many goals conceded from crosses. One game with Everton vs New England Revelation I had 30 shots on target and scored 2 goals. They had 6 and they beat me 6-2! Its not very realistic and what I expect from a Football manager game . I can put up with the high scorelines, but the constant injuries is infuriating. No matter what team or league or the set up in training etc , even the reserves seem to pick up injuries . You shouldnt have a selection headache due to injury a few games into the season. It has potential but Im only a few hours in and these issues have put me off. I expected to be lost in the game and have 20 plus hours gameplay by now! I simply cannot reccomend this until they address the issues.
game-hours: 378.1
review: Magically manifest yourself as a footballing god then slam yourself into an unsuspecting team as their ruler and master. Force players to bend to your whim as you capture, train and then send them into battle against other teams. Spend many seasons working through the football ladder, competing for trophies and the souls of your fallen enemies, all the while waiting for a chance to stab your greedy, greedy board in the back and leap lovingly into the arms of a Mexican sugar daddy; his promises of blood money enough to sway your morals. Who needs them when you can buy Messi and Ronaldo for Shrewsbury Town? Muchas gracias amigo!
game-hours: 37.4
review: AN IMPORTANT PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCEMENT: Do NOT, I repeat do NOT, buy this ing piece of utter horse , under ANY, I repeat ANY, circumstances. The match engine is ed beyond all recognition. It WILL drive you insane thinking that the game is scripted, but it honestly is not. It is just so ineptly designed that even now, after years of releasing these games, defenders will still trap the ball, then run away from it, allowing the opposition free goals. Why is this happening? Laziness and complacency on the part of the developers. DO NOT spend your money on this ing shithouse unless you feel justified in feeding their evil empire. I found out the hard way. You have been warned.
game-hours: 513.0
review: Time for yet another FM, and instead of the usual praise to the sky; I find myself struggling for words. I played as FC Copenhagen, within a month I had 8(!) first/key team members out with injuries - and not just the common cold, mind you - no, oh no. One with a broken ankel, two with damaged tendrons, a broken foot etc. The shortest injury was 3(!!!!) months - I feel like I'm running a community hospital rather than a football club. Anyways, we recover and start winning some matches - except... We don't. For some odd reason it seems like you can dominate a match, to the point where even the opponents fans are rooting for you, and yet they still pull a comeback at the end. Draws galore. 1 shot, 1 kill, so to speak. But heck, let's review some of the positives as well... Great, realistic scouting system. Good layout. Aaaaand. Yup. I'd recommend you wait purchasing this game until another update has come out. Do it for you own sake, and for ours - the unfortunate souls that purchased this game in good faith that it would be the high standard the game usually is. Let them feel the heat, so they can fix this ASAP.
game-hours: 287.2
review: please release a game that works; you spend each year just updating - then charge us for it; stop taking our money for v. minor changes! Other games would be laughed at. a few shocking points. - gk's fly like reflexes? its insane! - no ones ever fit? - goal shy stirkers? - Refs that never give fouls, EVER! One of my players was hacked 4 times in the box in the same move. even the most free willing ref would crumble to that! not that we can see anyway because the graphic are so rubbish! - Man Utd NEVER lose? - players just standing there with the ball turning in the spot? a year and you give us this, wow?? - wing backs that run past someone (overlap) then slow down to be overtaken again by defenders!? - The whole game runs v.slow. general animation is wack for the where were at in the world. - One (more) year and you offer us graphics and animation this bad? there not even an animation for shielding the ball! Build a game on tactics, not buying a bunch of star players. AND after all these years youve STILL not sorted training out LOL, this is where teams build there style of play!! wow its good game but it very bad too!
game-hours: 141.2
review: As much as i love the franchise and the previous releases, this one just doesn't do it for me. It's a horrible game atm.. Realism; non existing. It's basically fm14 with a sidebar, more time wasted on annoying interviews and an, if you can belive it, even worse match engine (the worst one so far in any fm game imo). It has the potential to become a great game, but it needs so, so, so much work that i don't think SI will be able to pull it off before the release of FM16. I'm not going to recommend this game right now, but if there is a god then it might be worth it to check back in 2 or 3 months to see if anything has improved. Cheers..
game-hours: 299.5
review: Playing FM since 2000/2001. The series is my favourite of all time across all genres. The last 3 years however the game has been getting gradually more of an exercise in ambigious tedium than the magical gaming experience it used to be. I appreciate the people at SI need to change the game to justify the price tag, I just don't know why they insist on breaking the game to do so. I can only hope the truly awful new features (I'm looking at you tactics screen) will be patched. They won't though, way too much pride. God what I've give for the return of slide bars. I'd also love some explanation, no matter how vague, for how the 10 million different variables that can affect the outcome of a match actually work. I'm certain SI changed the way things like tempo work in game for different tactics without mentioning it or eve updating the tips bar. Poor form. Moreover, having touchline shouts, pressers, player interaction, 3 teamtalks it's too much, and it's for the most part very very boring. As for the ME just like with FM14 and 13 at release, it's broken. You would think after 2 poor ME's at release SI would have the integrity and self respect to deliver this year... I remember when SI used to release games that didn't need a single patch. I think the monopoly SI have over the genre has made them complacent, it's only natural I suppose. Do not purchase until they have fixed the game. Maybe in mid March 2 months before the season ends :D
game-hours: 401.8
review: I love football manager, but they really messed up with this version. The transfer screen is a mess and it is hard to find new players. Everything has been hiden in strange menues and wen you finally find the thing you want to do, you cant remember where you found it. The live game is like watching a game with kids! It is not uncommen to see 8-9 players in a small area and noone can hit the ball. The keeper has two settings: Catch every ball or drop everything. It is not uncommen to see your keeper jumping high and it takes forever to hit the ground again. That makes it so easy for the attackers to score. (It is not a bug its a feature)..... Dont get me started with the freekicks! if your player has a higher rating then 1 i freeking you WILL score if it is nearer then 90 meters from the goal! Oh I forgot about the "demands" from the players. I played my first season as Brndby and 8... EIGHT ing players demanden to be sold. That was devestating for the morale of the team, but come on! I cannot sell 8 players in one transfer period! At the end of every season do some different players demand to get sold, and they get angry, and so do the rest of the guys, if you do NOT let them accept an offer. Not just any offer ooooh no, but a offer from the LAST transfer period. That is just plain stupid. You cannot sell a player in a closed marked! The game sucks bigtime. It is harder then ever, so even if you plays Manchester United against Bradford, you still are up for a huge chalenge! Don't buy this game! It's a mess and not worth the money! Stay with FM14 I know I will undtil most of the bugs are fixed!
game-hours: 317.2
review: I have played every version of this game since it came out. Like any crack addict, I was compelled to buy knowing the risks. Hell, I even upgraded my PC just so I could play the game properly because the last two incarnations just wouldn't work on my battered old machine. There are always problems when it first comes out. I've found that the problems persist until a patch comes out in December/January. Now for the breakdown: Good - The user interface is so much better; There is more interaction with players; You can force moves out with a gentle discussion - a great innovation. Bad - What's going on with the tactics? I was scoring plenty of goals, but I noticed that I was conceding far too many. Maybe it was my tactical setup? So, when I went into a 3-0 lead, I decided to shore up my defence. I dropped my defenders back and even my wingers. Yet, once again, I was conceding the same sort of goals - a cross into the box and finished because my full back was somewhere else or (more usually), the goalie making a save and the rebound ALWAYS falling to their striker. The end result was 4-3. My stats showed I had the tallest team in the league and thus scored most from corners. However, I also conceded the most from corners. WTF?! I developed one tactic where I gave up trying to win away and just park a bus. Still a 5-2 thrashing. I won the league scoring over 100 goals. I conceded more than the relegated teams (70). Despite brilliant fitness coaches, I was losing to loads of last minute goals. WHY, GOD, WHY?! I love this game and always will, but to get most enjoyment, I'll wait until the patch.
game-hours: 131.6
review: Just up-graded from 2013 (i only do it every 2 years to avoid disapointment lol) and this is the buggiest version to date graphics glitches left, right and centre and very few new exiting features, plust the engine needs sorting out its even worse than the original unpatched version of 2013 and that was poor enough with at least 1 owngoal a match. As it stands with out some heavy patching from SI this game is almost unplayable! As for a recommendation all i have to say is don't buy this game yet, wait for some updates to be released.
game-hours: 274.8
review: Such a disappointment. A step back, poor game engine, stupid scorelines, too many injuries, beta same as the main game? Needs a major patch, all getting worse since fm2012. They need to get back to basics!
game-hours: 117.7
review: Played football manager since its inception in '84 on the zx spectrum, this is one of the worst in the series for multiple reasons. The devs seem to have the notion of more is constantly better whilst getting the fundamentals of the game which always stood it above the rest completely wrong. I have thousands of hours in football manager games and never been compelled to write a negative review. Although playable is not great, the series has gone downhill the last few years in my opinion.
game-hours: 446.5
review: I have 24 players on the professional team, half of them are injured it is irritating, go back to FM14 for now is better
game-hours: 486.7
review: Tl;dr - Worst game in the series, bar none. What an f'ing disgrace. Actual Review - Many game companies fall into the habit of getting caught up in the new features each iteration of their game come out with, while neglecting the problems inherent in the core game itself. We get it, its hard to sell a game to new customers if the biggest thing you can advertise is "We toyed with the balancing all year!" or "We sorted out all the issues with the code!". FM unfortunatly has fallen into just that trap. Anyone who has played the past several years of FM can tell you that while many new features have been added, they have by and large slapped onto a  foundation of code that struggled under the weight of a match engine it could not adequately support. Watching your 30 million pound striker send a suicide man's backpass to the keeper from an attacking postion, wingers shooting at impossible angles on goals, keepers booting the ball off their own players and into the goal... and so on. Any person with a shred of computer programming literacy could tell you that what SI needed to do was go back to square one. Instead, SI made the mind numbingly awful decission to slap a brand new, considerably more complicated match engine, on top of their  code, and had the gall to advertise it as a completely new product. Low and behold, you have one of the worst footy simulators to have graced this earth. It colapses under it own weight with comical regularity (Just watch your players freeze on the pitch for no reason, like someone turned the power off.). No patch is gonna be able to polish this turd. I'd suggest buying an older, more stable version if you have to have your fix, but then youd be supporting these crooks.
game-hours: 91.5
review: Update: 3-18-2015 Logged in to try the update for a while and had this experience: Spent hours refining tactics in preseason games, getting everything just right. Spent a lot of time working on training regimens to make sure the historically injury prone have slightly less intense work outs. Spent hours working my scouts to death... Got near the start of the season and had some great transfers lined up to come in. Wanyama, Tielemans, Depay, and a few other youngins. A net spend sure but after negotiating hard deals for Kaboul, Capoue, and Adebayor I was well within the transfer budget. We are go for launch! A few days after the deals were agreed but before the players came to terms, what happens? Kaboul our 4 weeks. Capoue broken for 3 months. In training. The deals are off and I have not saved for hours. I swear to god, they made injuries a problem so you have to buy the editor. I'll need to see STELLAR reviews for any future version before I pay again. What an absolute heartbreaking shame. There used to be a game here. Update: 1-24-2015 I still don't recommend this game. I DO recommend this series. Nothing else compares to FM. There isn't a single sports management simulation in all of video games that comes close to how well FM does what it idoes. If you are a new player, get FM14. It'll be cheaper, and you don't have to pay full price for FM15 to get up to date rosters. Search the community hub and google for player and team updates and how to install them. Again, if you are on the fence, GET FM14. It's super good. Original Review: I've averaged about 650-700 hours in each years FM, dating back to 2011. I'll keep this short. There are great improvements to this game, I just wish I could get to them. Every game I start, no matter the team, no matter the training, no matter the facilities, within 2 months of day one half of my first team is injured. This game is seriously broken right now. If there are not major fixes, I can consider my FM addiction cured.
game-hours: 118.3
review: I've been playing Football Manager since 2005. This is without a doubt the most frustrating and unrealistic installment purely because of a buggy game simulation. Sit and watch the 3D matches being played and you'll be impressed at some nice new animations, but the game being played infront of you will make you want to put your fist through your monitor... - Strikers miss 90% of 1 on 1 chances. - Chances that should result in a goal often dont and come around far too often than in real life. - Defenders that wander all over the place and don't tackle. - Wingers that seem content to run into defenders rather than cross/pass the ball even if a teammate is in tons of space. That just names a few. Needs a patch. A big one.
game-hours: 36.5
review: Do not buy this game!! Check my games list, you will see that I once loved FM games, not anymore and never again will I buy one. This is the type of unfinished game that Steam need to ban from being sold. Certain key components don't even work at all, a small example is that there are no penalties from handballs right now. The game fails in every way it could, the ME is a poor imitation of a crossing and set pieces simulator not a football simulator. It is worse than the last three years versions upon release and I can assure you that they all had bugs and issues, not this many or this bad. If you really need more just go to the forums and read, not many that will claim this game is anywhere near in a playable state, maybe in 7-8 months from the time I write this SI will have released a patch that makes it something like a game. Oh if that wasn't enough beware, SI and Sega are not co-operating and are in fact sending customers with issues back and forth between them. (not me, but check forum if you care) Also be aware that SI are deleting the vast majority of 'negative' posts, claiming 'it will affect the way our customers play the game.' Which is of course true, they wouldn't play it because they would know whats wrong with it.
game-hours: 721.3
review: Agree with others here, very inbalanced, no matter what i do i leak in goals like my goal is ten time sbigger than the opponents, just no fun in this game at all, score lines are out of control, just horrid on so many levels, i really do hope they fix this quick, and yes you could have a player with a 18 pace and see someone with pace of 9 catch them with no effort at all.
game-hours: 1155.9
review: After 250 hours of game play, it's time for a review of FM15. I've been playing these games for a long time (since CM96-97 since you asked), and honestly, I think this one is the best yet. There were some early problems with the match engine, and the Inverted Wing Back role is still broken (he stays wide like a normal Wing Back), but the vast majority of the most glaring issues (high scoring games, regular goalkeeping errors, etc) have been fixed in SI's patches and in good time as well. I thought the motion capture animations in the match engine would be a bit of a gimmick, but that has turned out to be a welcome addition to the game on an aesthetic level. It's by no means hyper-realistic to the point where you'd be unsure whether you're watching a match on TV or in FM, but it's a big step up from the hand drawn players of FM14. The realism (or lack of) isn't a deal breaker for me, all I want to see is a realistic simulation of a football match and in FM15, that's what we have for the most part. If you watch the matches on 'Comprehensive' highlights or higher, then you can easily see your tactical decisions playing out in front of you as the game ebbs and flows, and for that, if nothing else, FM15 is the best edition of the Football Manager series so far. Setting up a tactic is fairly simple, although not fool proof, but like any simulation, it's easy to get in to, and difficult to master. One thing I have noticed though, having spent a lot of time talking to other players and reading some of the reviews here on Steam, is that this is not a game for players who want to just pick a match day squad and have a hands-off approach to management. You will succeed at FM if you make sensible tactical choices, always be mindful of balance in your roles/duties and don't use the same approach for every match you play. Every match will play out differently. the most common complaints I've seen from others are regarding injuries and 'dominating' the game yet losing in the dying moments of the match. For injuries, I don't have these problems as I make sure my players are fully fit. Use pre-season wisely, allow your players to ease into it after coming back from holiday, then train hard and play lots of friendlies. Once the season begins, lower the intensity of training and give them all individual set ups. It takes a while, but if you do this, your players will be much less prone to injury and will develop faster as well. There will be injuries of course, but I don't have anywhere near the issues others are having, and most of my injury problems are in-game due to my aggressive high pressing style. On the domination side of things, I will say that more shots and possession does not mean dominance. Choose your battles wisely. If you're the bigger team, you can expect your opponent to sit back and hit you on the counter. Counter this yourself by playing patiently and forcing mistakes, your creative players will take care of the rest. I'm not an FM expert, but if you take these simple words of advice, then you will see for yourself how quickly things will turn around for your team. The only thing I can't comment on yet is the AI's squad development in the long term as I haven't gone far enough into the game yet. In past FM's, this has been a problem, but I can already see less instances of the AI spending millions on a player only to let him rot in their reserve team. As SI say themselves, "it'll never be perfect, it'll never be finished", so as long as you go into the game with that mindset, you'll get the most out of it. I highly rcommend this game for anyone who watches football analytically or who thinks they could do a better job than their favourite team's manager.
game-hours: 488.3
review: Waste of money, full of bugs and unchanged from previous games!
game-hours: 251.6
review: I wouldn't recommend buying this game until a few patches are released. The release version is full of bugs, especially the match engine, that makes it almost unplayable. I mean, sure, you can play it, but you just have to cringe at all the goals scored from obvious match engine bugs. At this point, 50% of goals are scored from crosses on the wing that your defenders just don't contest, 30% scored from set pieces, 10% scored on missplaced backpasses to the keeper and 10% for the rest. The defense and goalie are so terrible most matches end with 4+ goals scored. If you want to win, just make sure you have wingers who like to hug the touchline and cross the ball instead of cutting inside Should have expected it really, it is the first time I buy FM right on the release date.
game-hours: 203.2
review: Well well, where do I start.. Upon reading reviews of this game (largely negative) I was very cautious on purchasing this, but I still did as I love FM. I'll start with the positives, I like the new interface, it makes it much easier as everything is in front of you in one screen rather that lots of drop-down menus having to be opened. It also looks alot smoother and I like having world news opened up in a tab after skipping a day which means I wouldn't have to subscribe to other teams and leagues or some players. Negatives? hold your breath because this could be a long one depending on how much I want to type. I have played three competitive matches with my team Oxford United and here are the scorlines: 4-2 Burton (W), 1-5 Wolves (L), 6-3 Mansfield (L), that's 8 goals scored and 13 goals conceded in three games. Outraged enough as it is. I saw lots of people reporting situations like a large amount of injuries, the high-scoring games, players with apparent mental and physical disabilities, too many own goals.. Well, in those 3 games I had expereinced all of these things. During the match against Mansfield alone I had an injury (my 6th in total including the 2 I started with), my right back halting mid-run unchallenged then leaving an opposition player to score 1 on 1, and then two own goals just to add to my misery. Who knows I may just be getting all the rubbish out of the way early and the remainder of my entire FM15 career with be rage free (yeah sure, good luck with that son), but in my honest opinion do NOT buy this game if you are capable to rage and wait until it is cheaper/there has been a patch which sorts this out. Come on guys, wake up. This is poor. If the in-match experience is improved then this would be a good game and I will go back to my usual FM addictive binge playing until the early hours of the morning, but I will not be playing until there is this patch, whenever that is..
game-hours: 443.5
review: Its decent installment again but nothing much is new. I paid 35 bucks for this and just upgraded from the beta to the full game and I dont notice a single difference... Everything still is as shady as in the beta :( This just wont stand... It means theyve probably had this game ready for ages since the changes are just graphical mostly and want to hussle us as much as they can. Of course the engine / card / injury system is messed up on launch as usual too ffs why do I keep falling for their scummy tricks... I cant recommend anyone buying this now, get it for 15-20 bucks and after a few patches and maybe then its a decent update. (Had to choose thumbsdown until the state of the game changes, then my review might change too) edit: just got a crash dump error for the second time as well, Im done with this till they patch it, back to FM14 it is sigh :( edit #2: The only thing fixed are the crash dumps, I no longer get crashes but the match engine is still so random and terrible that I dont even want to play no more. edit 3: 20/12/2014: Almost winter and this game is still a mess, you can lose to the number 18 of the league with your best eleven and then 3 days later win against a stronger opponent with your B-squad FOR NO REASON AT ALL. SI should be ashamed of themselves.
game-hours: 150.1
review: THIS IS THE LAST TIME I WILL EVER PRE ORDER FM!!!!!!! This game is just garbage. If ur a devoted footy manager fan like me u will hate this game. i am currently managing Birmingham city i am 16 games into season and i have scored 35 goals and have a goal difference of -6 so thats 41 goals conceded, the team who are top have scored 22 goals, what a pile of junk. cottrill scored six in six all free kicks. i mean iv almost scored double the goals of most teams and conceded treble the goals of most teams. Instead of waisting your time trying to fill the game to the brim with unwanted bull**** like media and trying to replecate emotions just spend a year making a match engine that works. Im angry i have pre ordered this rushed out piece of junk and will never spend my hard earned money on this game untill i see that u get the basics right.
game-hours: 148.7
review: Oh boy... Where to start? The pros? The game is so in-depth, detailed and looks great that at first glance you feel like you are in heaven. Unfortunately, the absolutely ridiculous AI and randomness of the game ruins it for brand new players and seasoned veterans alike VERY quickly. I have played football manager games since the 1990s. I have bought every game in this Football Manager series. I have probably tens of thousands of hours of experience playing these, and have thoroughly enjoyed every FM yet. Until this fiasco. I have only played this one with two teams, Man United and Sheffield United, but the experience has been identical. The game is so damn unrealistic, that it will suck the life out of you. These are actual situations that happened in my season with Man United. A month into the season, I have lost nearly third of my team to long injuries. Some players cannot put together two games in a row before returning to the injury list. Not TOTALLY out of the question, but highly unlikely. Queens Park Rangers finished 2nd in the EPL in my first season, while Tottenham and Liverpool barely missed relegation. I finished 9th, and got fired. I kept beating the top teams repeatedly, while collapsing at home 0-5 to teams like QPR and Swansea. I lost 5-0 to a 9-man Manchester City, after winning the shots 14-5 and hitting the post/crossbar five times. Frustrating, but not impossible. But scenarios like this unfold throughout the season; the likes of Rooney and Mata cannot score regardless of opposition or their position on the field while James Wilson bangs out a 30-goal campaign, you can LITERALLY have a guy of van Persie's stature standing on the 6-yd line with an empty net and hit the post over and over again, and don't even get me started on these phantom goalies... You can be playing against a backup to the backup goalie 2 divisions below yours, and fail to score, while the opposition sinks 3 behind De Gea on three shots. I scored 2 or 3 goals from direct free kicks all season, and maybe twice from a corner. My opponents? You got it, somewhere around dozens. Now, it might sound like I'm making excuses and don't know how to manage. But as I said, I have enjoyed these types of games some 20 years, whether I win or lose. Why? Because the games have been as fair and realistic as a simulations sports game can be. Sure, there will always be that crazy 7-5 home win against some World Class team, but when it happens once every 150 games or so, that's pretty okay... There will always be that game where an underdog takes you down and leaves you extremely frustrated. But guess what, it actually happens... What doesn't happen are the scenarios I discussed above, and after some 150 hours into FM 2015, I feel like I have enough personal experience to call this game total garbage. Fortunately, FM 2013 and FM 2014 are still installed on my computer, and still offer limitless hours of fun and entertainment. Do NOT waste your money on this game, play the older installations and wait until Sports Interactive gets their crap straight. A major major disappointment.
game-hours: 171.3
review: Player asked to leave because he wasn't getting first team football. Complained when I transfer listed him. 10/10
game-hours: 114.4
review: This franchise had been in decline for a few years now. FM14 had absolutely terrible defending, and the problem still isn't gone. This is especially clear in lower leagues, where it's rare to have a game without AT LEAST 4 goals. The match engine does look and work better, in most aspects, than last year, but at the end of the day, the scorelines are still ridiculously unrealistic. The 3D engine is still extremely bad graphically, but whatever, 2D classic is the way to go, I mean it would be, if not for the unrealistic results. I haven't played a really good FM in years, and this is not one either.
game-hours: 18.1
review: it's not improving itself for 3 years.
game-hours: 641.2
review: I'm a FIFA Manager guy. However, as it has been discontinued, I had to move to Football Manager. A friend taught me the ropes, and I've been playing for a while. I played with Liverpool, AC Milan, Bayer Leverkusen and Atltico Madrid. No game has gone to mid-season. I studied, researched and spent a lot of time talking with friends about this game. I wish I hadn't. This is just the worst Manager game I've ever played for a simple reason: Nothing you do matters. I bought Marco Reus and Alex Oxdale-Chamberlain to play on the wings. Might as well have kept the money for myself and used Emile Heskey and Djimi Traor there. The most skilled player cannot dribble past the worst defender. The best crosser of the ball cannot beat the first man. The tallest and best header cannot score 3 goals a season from crosses. Every team play the exact same way, and most goals come from the same three things: Shots from outside the box, defensive mistakes and free-kicks. In upwards of 300 hours spent in the game, I don't think I saw a single goal from a corner. However, three times I saw a goalkeeper handle the ball outside the box and get booked, and two of those free-kicks resulted in goals. Players are so unbelievably stupid that it's annoying. Steven Gerrard to take a free kick on the edge of the box. You think he's going for goal. No. He's going to pass it back to the left back, who will then try to dribble and lose it. You think Asmir Begovic is a good goalkeeper? Well, he's not above handling the ball outside of the box when trying to boot it upfield. I'd always been told that Football Manager was all about the tactics, and that it is the hardest thing to manage. Well, it is hard. Specially because no matter how you set your team up to play, they will always play the same way. You can try to get the best passers of the game, but they will misplace at least 30% of their 6 yard passes. This is so frustrating I'm at a loss for words. Injuries? Well, how's this for a list. Before the third match of the season, I had the following players injured: Steven Gerrard, Jordan Henderson, Alex Oxdale-Chamberlain, Alberto Moreno, John Flanagan, Marco Reus, Adam Lallana, Daniel Sturridge, Asmir Begovic and Mario Balotelli. That's BEFORE THE THIRD MATCH! All of those players (bar Lallana and Reus, who are injured at the start of the season) got injured during pre season! Seriously? Unless this game is heavily patched to fix everything that's not just wrong, but plain dumb, I'll be forced to stop playing a genre I really enjoy because EA were not competent enough to keep FIFA Manager going, and because SEGA apparently have no clue what a football match looks like. I'll wait and see. But I will not hope for much.
game-hours: 859.7
review: Very disappointed with this years game. Lots of screens have been changed and they are now harder to navigate and make the changes you need that before - seems like a bad change to me. A few of my grievances: The squad selection screen, you now can't left click on a substitute to chose who to swap them with You can't create custom views for the opposition instructions screen - WHY?!? Who thought that was a good idea? I'm also not really a fan of the new match engine but I can't put my finger on what I don't like. Is it too bright, choppy (even with graphics levels set low). *sigh* On the whole, I wish I hadn't bought it.
game-hours: 313.6
review: Still very buggy and some of the player positioning in the match engine is just plain horrible. I would recommend waiting for them to patch this a bit more before shelling out your cash unless you are a complete football manager tragic like me.
game-hours: 349.1
review: I love the Football manager series but once again this years has bugs which have ruined it for me. Conceding crazy goals, lots of goals via crosses aand defending set pieces is a joke. I wouldn't bother.
game-hours: 404.7
review: Match engine is very poor. Spend so much time working to build a decent squad and to develop tactics that work only for it to be entirely spoiled by the way this game treats me. Too many injuries, too many goals, morale crumbles at the slightest thing, players do not follow instructions, goalkeepers are pitiful, poor animations, players are overly stroppy, long saving times. This is a video game - GAME being the operative word. I don't really care if this is as realistic as it gets. I'd sacrifice realism if the game was fun, but it's not. FM 2014 was poor too. I'm still hoping a patch will deal with some if not all of these issues, but part of me knows it won't. Goodbye 20 years of loyalty to SI. These things are too expensive for me to spend money on if they're not enjoyable.
game-hours: 111.8
review: The worst and most bugged release EVER. Don't buy it until FEB. Needless to say, my problems are the same of other people: tennis score, conceding a lot from corners etc. This release is a FRAUD.
game-hours: 192.8
review: Instead of getting the core of the game right: tactics, match engine, we get yet another load of new press interactions that nobody cares about and even more dumb talks with players and teams. Sure you can get your assistants to do it but some players actually likes talkes to press and staff as long as it's not repetitive and actually has an impact? Nevertheless the real problem is with the match engine: results like 3 to 5 or 4 to 4 are common, the goalkeeper stays on his line for every cross and the movements the players make in the engine are laughable. The crowd looks like a bunch of inflatable dolls in the stand and just like previous x versions there is hardly any atmosphere in terms of sound from the crowds (where have the good old 'sack the boss' chants gone, or why can't the crowd whistle or boo at the ref?) For that crippled engine we get the amazing gift of hot dog stands outside the stadium? Wow, thanks for getting your priorities straight, SI. Last time I bought the game (since 98/99). Time for a decent competitor.
game-hours: 171.5
review: Applies only for the Linux port of FM2015 -------------------------------- I really loved Football Manager series. I am not going to expalin what they are or how to play them. I am really happy they tried to bring it to Linux. But they have failed. The game freezes constantly. Sometimes when you click "continue", sometimes when you try to offer a contract to someone. When it freezes, there is no solution - you have to kill the process. Crashing/Freezing like this 3 or more times per game week is simply unacceptable and completely ruined gameplay for me. The 'freezing' issue is quite common on their forums, but there is no constructive response whatsoever. I am disappointed with the Linux port of the game and don't recommend anyone buying into frustrations like this. --------------- Ubuntu 14.04, most popular distribution, with a good radeon driver on which everything seems to run just fine.
