game-hours: 144.5
review: 50 Hours into your latest save, all is going well. Only 3 leaders left Gandhi, Caesar and Washington. you draft an 'end game' plan in your mind, you will make friends with Gandhi (for obvious reasons he's chill) then procede to befriend Caesar. Then you will take out Washington because he is a  and did not accept an open border agreement 3000 years prior HE MUST PAY. 20 turns later all is going to plan, we are now on Washingtons doorstep, Gandhi and Caesar appear to love and probably fear your superpower nation. All we need to do is eliminate the pesky Americans and ith all our military now on American soil this should not take long. Then after the swift invasion of America we will make a vote for world peace at the U.N (in rome of course) with our new found Indian and Roman brethren it is a sure win! But all of a sudden the distant droning of nuclear sirens start, quickly they become louder and louder, "what is this!?" you think to yourself, a false alarm? You shrug it off maybe Caesae bombing a city state. The game pauses... Gandhi appears on the screen, with a sinister grin he shouts "WAR" in your face. Only seconds after you see a gut wrenching sight. The camera focuses on a nuclear submarine stationed just off the coast of your pride and joy, the capital of your glorious nation. You then hear a rumble, just seconds after a nuclear warhead emerges from the previously hidden submarine, you realise it is too late... you can only watch as the missle closes in. As your city goes up in a giant cloud there are short lived screams from your beloved people, then silence. Before what had just occurred had sunk in, before you could make rescue efforts to save your much loved citizens the humming of quiet engines fall upon your ears. Suddenly countless 'stealth bombers' appear seemingly out of no where, soon the sky is blackened by planes, the game falls almost silent only the whistle of falling bombs remains. You faint from the shock of what is unfolding. You awake shortly after, Gandhi is still flattening what remains of your once prosperous empire, now with 'giant death robots' making the most of his seemingly never ending turn. As Gandhi clinically and relentlessly razes what's left of your broken nation all you can do is weep, your people hacked down in their prime and your glorious nation so mighty just minutes before has just been been all but eliminated in 1 turn. Why oh why did you turn of autosave? did it really speed your game up? was it worth it? Ghandi is a complete , he acts like your friend but WILL nuke the  out of you if even the slightest oppurtunity presents itself. 10/10
game-hours: 2600.5
review: I only played a little but it was fun.
game-hours: 316.9
review: It's like crack. You keep telling yourself 'just one more turn'. but then you realize you've been sitting in your underwear for for 36 hours and you've forgotten to check on your wife who gave birth to your baby last night.
game-hours: 3979.9
review: Made me obsessed, destroyed my social life, gave me and irrational fear of Gandhi. and made me invest countless hours into destroying civilizations. 12/10 potatoes
game-hours: 14.1
review: When Gandhi or Ethiopia comes to your doorstep with gifts of gold, dyes, and ivory, take my advice. Ready all your tanks and nukes, arm them, AND SHOOT THEM LIKE YOUR LIFE DEPENDS ON IT. They are evil, traitorous demons. NEVER TRUST THEM. However, Genghis Khan is my best friend. He came up to me and was all like, "De full do bu la chi mendo." And I said, "Okay! Let's be friends!" I can never understand that guy, but something about our relationship just works. Ghandi Hating Simulator 2014 11/10
game-hours: 126.6
review: -playing as the US -explores and finds siam -befriends siam -finds greece -greece is a  and invades -gets in a war with greece -takes 2 greek cities and returnes the rest -greece is happy -sails to new lands and finds all other nations -befirends russia and china -gets in a foolish war with siam not knowing that every nation exept china and russia is friends with siam -feels sad because everyone hates me -makes peace with siam because im feeling guilty for being a warmonger -people start being nice to me -feels happy, only germany and arabia are guarded, everyone else is friendly -china asked me to declaire war on arabia even though he has done nothing to me -I decline because Ive decided to be an example to the civilized world -china declares war on and denounces me -germany declares war on me -every nation on earth exept for russia declaires war on me -me and russia vs. the world -I have 3 nukes and no one else has any -cant make myself use them -steamroll enemy city states south of me -steamroll greece to the north -steamroll native american settlements on some islands near me -siam discovers urainum -siam is confirmed to have nuclear power plant -must stop siam from getting nukes -US gunships race to punch a hole in siams defences -all reserve units are embarked for the invasion with destroyer escorts -gunships meet uber heavy resistance -invasion due in 2 turns -russia is being cut off from US aid -sends paratroopers to break the siege of moscow -fails due to being outnumbered 20:1 -D-Day in siam -steamrolls siam until only capital left -no sign of atomic weapons -100,000 troops surrounding the capital -air raid sirens -siam nukes himself four times along with most of my troops -paras mop up and capture the capital -sad music -all other nations in shock -we mourn our fallen troops -all nations make peace in the next 4 turns -we all are sad -decides war must end for good -changes course for diplomatic victory -starts work on UN -becomes allies with 19 city states -all nations live in realitive peace -finishes UN -wins vote -wins game 10/10 no feels like this in a game before.
game-hours: 51.1
review: You'll decide to play for an hour and you'll realize four days later that your wife left you, but you're so close to killing that scumbag Gandhi that it doesn't even matter. 20/10
game-hours: 152.8
review: Never. Trust. Ghandi.
game-hours: 40.9
review: Don't attempt to play this before going to bed.
game-hours: 444.1
review: Say goodbye to your life.
game-hours: 150.6
review: got nuked by ghandi 10/10 realism
game-hours: 2485.0
review: I lost my home, my job, and my wife and kids left me because of "just one more turn" 10/10
game-hours: 80.6
review: Played a game where everyone was Ghandi, a nuclear holocaust insued. 10/10
game-hours: 79.0
review: After opening my boarders to Ghandi, famously known as one of the most peaceful protesters in the world, he immediately pillaged my land, destroyed my army, and annexed my cities. 10/10
game-hours: 153.9
review: ANON PLAYS CIVILIZATION V > Be Me > Just got Game > Mom says I have 30 minutes to play > She goes to sleep > Setup Game > Start it up > Pretty Fun > Meet Atilla > A little Later meet Ghandi > Both very friendly > Me and Ghandi= Friends, Me and Atilla= Enemies > Build three more cities > Playing as 'Murica > Start Developing > Attila attacks takes a city but I take it back > Around 1995, I am about to complete Spaceship > By now only me, Attila and Ghandi left! > Attila attacks Ghandi > Give Ghandi small city right before he gets destroyed > Attila declares war on me > Ghandi gives 7000 gold for 34 Uranium > Blindly accept > Attila has 2 cities of mine by now > See Ghandi has many Nukes and 2 Giant Death Robots > Makes peace with Attila and declares war on me > Basically takes all my cities except capital and third city > Finish last spaceship part > Get it to my capital > Attila takes third city > Capital has less than 10% health yet > Send spaceship part up and win > Why would Ghandi betray me > I gave him Uranium > Makes no sense > Then realize it is 4:30 and I played more than 6 hours straight > Mom wakes up and grounds me > I now have about 125 hours > I still don't know how to control the beast eating me to get to Civilization V > Learned Super Ghandi is a Warmongering Hypocrite > 10/10 Would Buy and Get Grounded for Again > Civilization V is Love, Civilization V is Life
game-hours: 517.6
review: "Just one more turn." Oh, you thought you were gonna play for 15 minutes? Nope, you're playing for 15 hours.
game-hours: 117.3
review: I'm allowed to discover the Internet before even inventing computers. Impecible. 10/10
game-hours: 185.0
review: Never. Trust. Ghandi.
game-hours: 205.0
review: Great game. Dont trust Ghandi.
game-hours: 123.8
review: Gandhi approached me with gifts then nuked me. 11/10
game-hours: 1680.7
review: This game looks pretty cool, but I haven't played it very much.
game-hours: 2350.4
review: Don't buy this game for saving your life.
game-hours: 738.7
review: I learned some great life lessons from this game that I can apply to my own life. 1. Don't trust Ghandi 2. Uranium = thermonuclear war between the Aztecs and Germany 3. Everyone wants your crabs 4. Don't be distracted by Catherine's rack when discussing war reperations 5. Stealth bombers = <3
game-hours: 62.3
review: Only here will Kim Jong-un fight for democracy and Ghandi for world domination.
game-hours: 491.2
review: For those who are deciding whether or not to purchase civ 5, I will compile a small pros and cons list to help you out. Pros: - Greatest game on Planet. Cons: - Loss of Friends - Loss of Time - Loss of Job - Loss of Pet Fish (poor fish) - Loss of Sleep - Loss of Sex - Loss of Money for snacks - Loss of Money for Drinks - Loss of Money for pot - Well Known Gateway Drug to Crack - Ghandi - Probably Illegal somewhere - Have 350 Hours on Steam - Bought the game 3 weeks ago - Help Me..
game-hours: 81.3
review: Be warned: playing this game will make all your friends hate you and you will never go outside again. Don't try the multiplayer, you will become a genocidal maniac. Also Gandhi is really violent. 9/10
game-hours: 143.4
review: This game is highly addictive. Since getting this game I've lost my dog, my job, my hygiene and I'm getting evicted some time next month. However, I was able to secure a domination victory for 'Murica. So I've got that going for me, which is nice.
game-hours: 362.3
review: After every beaten map I tell myself that I won't play again. And every time it's a lie.
game-hours: 221.7
review: I was playing Civ, and I only just realized how amazing this game is after playing it for so long. First... allow me to set the mood. The year was 1700-something. France, the only civilization who was even close to challenging my might as the leader of the powerful empire of Japan, was being landgrabby and attacking my allies, so I, being the superpower that I was as leader of Japan, decided to ride in and knock him down a few pegs (and by that I mean conquer five of his cities, isolate his capital from the rest of the world, annex three of the five cities we conquered, and give the other two to my nearby allies the Iroquois, who razed one.) Napoleon, of course, denounced me, but the rest of the world was like Japan saved our asses from your entitled ways, so you can go  yourself, shorty. Then I high-fived the Iroquois because Hiawatha and I were besties. Fast forward 100 turns and roughly 200 ingame years: Napoleons grabbing land again, but this time its the land of city-states around him, because I decimated his military so badly that he honestly wouldve killed himself going after any major civs. Being the superpower that I am, I immediately rush to the aid of these city-states, but I realize that I cant afford to risk war because the other civs would start to think I was just abusing my power. So I secretly provide the city-state Budapest, who is at this point in a state of permanent war with France, with two Mechanized Infantry - a solid two AGES ahead of Frances cannons and horsemen. Budapest successfully repels the French invasion, and becomes my ally. I do the same with the city-state of Stockholm when theyre attacked by Darius, who I previously attacked and captured one of the cities of because Darius was an irrational, entitled prick of a leader who had decided that everything to the west of his land (aka MY land) is rightfully his. Stockholm, to the east of Darius, successfully repels Dariuss invasion. But Stockholm doesnt stop there. Apparently, Dariuss military is so incredibly weak that one of his own cities falls to Stockholms new advanced technology. Stockholm razed the city. I just kind of smirked, at this point. Darius just got what was coming to him, so I thought to myself, "I'll go on my merry way, making more and more city-states my allies and protecting them from the menace of France - and each other. This system obviously works, and these city-states supply me with enough that maintaining my relationships with them is well worth it." Fast forward a few turns and roughly ten ingame years. My buddies the Iroquois publically denounce me, telling the entire world that Im not to be trusted. These were the guys who I not only saved from Napoleon, but gave two entire CITIES to. I was, of course, angry, but shrugged it off and kept going - I had a science victory to get to and couldn't let them get in my way, and if I were to teach them a lesson for their "irrational behavior", it would only solidify their claims in the eyes of the rest of the world. A science victory would require me to devote much more energy to the production of scientific advancements and certain buildings required to accomplish this goal than I would be able to afford if I had a war or two on my hands. Then I realized something - Budapest had been churning out things like SAMs, armored tanks, rocket artillery, things far beyond anyone's technological progress but my own, and giving most of it (but by no means all of it) to me, their ally and sworn protector. Of course I didnt realize the implications of this until Darius (remember Darius?) denounced me, too. I didnt think anything of it because that guy was always denouncing me, but then I remembered when Stockholm razed his city and something clicks - Im singlehandedly responsible for that, as well as the decimation of the French countryside by Budapests new military forces, which I also viewed as righteous retribution, in a sense. The French had been weakened so badly already, but Budapest was in a state of CONSTANT WAR with them. Even being passive and supplying them with resources and the occasional few pieces of gold was tearing France apart. Stockholms razing of Dariuss city was because of me. What I hadn't counted on was the Iroquois realizing that for themselves, let alone their negative reaction to it. I mean, I had been protecting the little guy, maybe even the good guy, the whole time! Stockholm... would've been wiped out if I had just stood by and watched... right? But Darius's military was, as I had proved, too weak to wipe out a colony of ants without foreign aid, and I had supplied their mortal enemies, Stockholm, with ing ARMORED TANKS. Stockholm also happened to be right near Hiawathas land, and was never *my* ally despite the units I gave them. In fact... They had been marauding near the outskirts of the Iroquois borders ever since I gave them the military technology they needed to defeat Dariuss invasion. I had singlehandedly thrown half the world into a state of complete and total chaos without even realizing it, and even believed that I was a savior and that I had done a good deed, ending with the complete and total ruination of not just half the world, but even the alliances I had built up over hundreds of ingame years of diplomacy, with all the other world leaders distrusting or blatantly loathing Japan. Just the fact that this is possible in this game at such a low, *casual* difficulty despite how simplistic the game appears on the surface is wonderful, and I didn't even MENTION the gameplay, the strategic depth, the multiplayer, the absolutely-ing-everything - I could go on and on about this game, every aspect is wonderful. I love it. I honestly can't bring myself to say anything bad about it - this is, without question, my favorite TBS game of all time. Ten out of ing ten, absolutely brilliant. edit: I wrote this forever ago (read: like a year) and as much as i'm cringing at my past self's writing I still agree with it, so that should tell you something about this game if you're still not convinced
game-hours: 1108.9
review: It's alright
game-hours: 391.6
review: - played as Arabia on a large earth map - started in Europe with Brasil below me - captured Brasil's capital city because it look nice - turtled half the game before finding out I was coming second - RUSSIA WAS FIRST - the only one between me and victory - Russia wiped out Egypt and Japan (which were around Kazakhstan) - Russia has a army 3 TIMES the size of mine - Russia has like 30 citys with -2000 gold per turn - Russia's capital is in the middle of those 30 citys - Russia was sill ahead in tech - operation cold war was now in effect - allied with Korea (who was above turkey) and city states near russia to use as a shields - sent 2 nukes along with a fleet of 15 ships across the world to get as close to the capital as possible - still wasn't close enough - Russia's finish half the space ship - sent xcom squads to the city states closest to the capital - ATTACK - que skyrim music - sent ships into the sea of Okhotsk - oh crap Russia was prepared - was met with a blockade of nuclear submarines - but the nukes must go through - punched a hole in the blockade with my ships - my ships sinking left and right - sent the cruiser with the nukes as far in as possible - Russia's got 3 turn left on his last spaceship part - the range on the bombs is just close enough - FIRE THE NUKES - SEND IN THE XCOM SQUADS - captured Russia's capital! - no ships made it out though, there sacrifices will be honored - most intense battle I ever fought - one turn later and France wins a cultural victory - WHAT THE HELL FRANCE great game 8.5/10
game-hours: 19.4
review: Don't let Ghandi get the nuke.
game-hours: 8.5
review: I played as George Washington and killed Gandhi and Genghis Khan. I was the last one to make the wheel they made fun of me. They died.
game-hours: 177.5
review: Submit your life to the all powerful next turn button. You will never go outside again.
game-hours: 21.9
review: Ghandi killed me with a nuke 10/10
game-hours: 135.8
review: An epic game where your goal is to press the "NEXT TURN" button over and over, every few seconds. Sometimes, as a special treat, you get to click other things!!
game-hours: 500.7
review: Be peaceful with everyone for over 3000 years, Declares war once and gets marked as a warmongering menace of the world and gets nuked by Gandhi. 10/10
game-hours: 96.3
review: Hexagons.
game-hours: 165.6
review: Say goodbye to your social life and sleep.
game-hours: 242.8
review: Yeah, yeah, i'll write a review about this one... Just... One more turn. That'll be the last one, I swear!
game-hours: 235.5
review: I sen't a nuclear bomb to Spain and the game crashed. 10/10
game-hours: 39.2
review: Gandhi nuked me 10/10
game-hours: 9.8
review: Alexander the great insulted my army saying they were **** I declared war on him he was right
game-hours: 319.6
review: This game is so much fun, it's like a time machine. Open it up, play for what feels like an hour, suddenly it's the next day and you're late for work!
game-hours: 81.8
review: Played as America and made them Jewish 13/10
game-hours: 291.1
review: RUSSIA=BOOBS
game-hours: 610.7
review: I would not recommend this game once, I was in a loving relationship, but then I started playing this game... Now we nuke each other with carriers named "Love you though"...
game-hours: 365.6
review: Ghandi nuked me for helping him 11/8 would gift him money again
game-hours: 48.6
review: I played a 7 hour game. Next moment it's 5am. ---Next Day--- Wake up at 5pm. Eat. Play another game. It's 2am. Write review. Play more. This game ruined my life. Buy it now! 10/10!
game-hours: 388.8
review: Nuke my friend because he would not trade me copper. 10/10
game-hours: 1312.9
review: I'm not experienced player, but I like it.
game-hours: 223.8
review: Where Ghandi is a nuke-utilising tyrant, a 17th century ship of the line has a further viewing distance than a naval vessle of the 20th century, with its back-dated telescopes and even then, you can build a pyramid in the water. I'll have you know that because of this, im sold. GOTY 1000/10 A++ *Explosions*
game-hours: 270.6
review: If you're new to Civlization, this is where to start. Everything is simplified for the better, even if you're new to stradegy, it has a lot of difficulty settings. This is one of the best, most complete stradegy games once you buy its 2 expansion packs, Gods & Kings + Brave New World (Not needed but recommended) There are 5 different types of victory, they are Cultural, Domination, Space misson, 2055 and Diplomatic. They are all fun to go for. This is a stragey with some thinking involved and a lot of map/game options and great mods are on the workshop, so you could end up with hundreds and hundreds of hours eventually withnout noticing. Basically, you start in anicents times and settle your first city with nothing, you have to then guide your Cilization to stand `The test of time` right through to 'da future! Only ONE Civilization can be victorious. So aim for victory ahead of everyone else. There is Multiplayer but I prefer not to stick to that 'due to people not finishing games. A standared game can last litterly a full day. Recommended to anyone who hasn't played Civlization.
game-hours: 66.4
review: Started playing at 3 pm, suddenly i realize its already 1 am.
game-hours: 2184.5
review: I dunno how I've dropped more than 2000 hours into this game, but it's well worth it. Different game every time.
game-hours: 103.7
review: 10/10 realism arabia gets more oil from oil sources than anyone else you cant have the religion and science social policies at the same time also gandhi is a nuke happy warlord 10/10 historical accuracy
game-hours: 388.3
review: Don't open it before you go to bed. [10/10]
game-hours: 255.8
review: Good game, needs more Stalin.
game-hours: 55.2
review: I should go to bed, lemme just finish one more turn... Ok, one more. Next turn will be last. Oh, nearly done with that building... What's that... Damn you, sunrise!
game-hours: 152.8
review: Nuked by Ghandi 10/10 for realism
game-hours: 75.6
review: Built Taj Mahal in Berlin, Statue of Liberty in Rome, started Medieval Era in 1400 B.C. and took over Russia. 25/10
game-hours: 98.6
review: You should always trust Gandhi; if you ally him he basically gives you a free win.
game-hours: 155.3
review: Perfect way to throw away countless hours of valuable time and have fun doing it :D
game-hours: 48.1
review: > Found a Rune, > Workers Stand on Rune To Capture It, > They Turn Into a Battering Ram. Oh yeah! 10/10!
game-hours: 1321.7
review: This game is one of a kind. Well, along with Civilizations 1, II, III, and IV. If you enjoyed other Civilizations games, it's highly likely you will enjoy this one as well. There are a few things that are notably different from other versions of Civilizations. The most obvious is the units per tile restrictions. In Civ 5, there is only allowed 1 unit type per tile, meaning only 1 combat unit can be on any tile. In some ways it's better, in some it's worse, but it does lend itself to strategy of positioning of your army being much more important than in earlier versions. Another is that cities, when attacked, take damage themselves instead of any unit defending. I believe it's related to the 1 unit type per tile, because it would be odd if you only had to kill one unit to take a city. These two differences from earlier versions does give the game a different feel from earlier versions, but it does still feel much more similar to Civilizations than it does to a game like Colonization/Civ4Col, although not that it would be a bad thing if it was similar to Colonization, another great Sid Meier game. Overall I highly recommend it to anyone considering, just make sure you have time to play because you will be hooked.
game-hours: 162.2
review: What else to say than: "Just... One... More... Turn..." The legendary series/franchise/time-consuming-void, that is Civilization, continues to conquer the hearts of all us would-be world leaders who lacks the ambition, and are too lazy, to strive for power outside of the digital realm. To ascertain whether or not to play Civilization, there is really only one question you need ask yourself: "How many days off can i afford before getting fired?" If the answer is below five, you should probably leave now. I'm serious. Leave! Anyhow. If you have never before played Civilization, you owe it to yourself to try it. You will not regret it. (except for when you get fired, of course.) It is simply awe-inspiringly brilliant. An epic journey through history. Rewriting history.
game-hours: 88.9
review: Now I know why so many people talked about "One More Turn". This game somehow stimulate my reward center in my brain and making me addicted to it.
game-hours: 818.5
review: Nuked India with a smile on my face 1,000,000/10
game-hours: 93.0
review: Damn, it's getting late. I should probably go to bed... I'll just play a few more turns. Alright, one last turn. Ooh, just unlocked railroads. I'll just install a few before leaving... Alright, that's enough for today. One LAST turn and I'm going. *Fifty or so turns later* , Rome has declared war against me, better get some units moving to protect my borders. Okay, last turn. Hmm, I should probably heal my units before I forget. *A hundred turns or so later* ALRIGHT. LAST TURN. Oooh... Unlocked flight. Sweet! Okay, I'll just build some fighters, then I'm going to sleep. *Four hundred turns or so later* OH. MY. GOD. Just unlocked the nuke. I DEFINITELY gotta try it! :D
game-hours: 173.7
review: Ghandi shoved an atomic bomb up my butt Ghandiwillwreckyou/10
game-hours: 288.4
review: lost my job couldnt afford heroin played civ 5
game-hours: 72.0
review: I love this game. The only drawback is that when I start playing, I lose twelve hours of my day without even realizing it.
game-hours: 57.2
review: A Zulu tribe beat me in the space race 11/10 would play again
game-hours: 24.0
review: havent played since the first CIV... man I am old. I give it a thumbs up! lots of fun! plus I love a game where you can say " MAN I CANT WAIT TILL GHANDI IS DEAD!" ...
game-hours: 97.4
review: "Ghandi has completed the Manhattan Project" F_CK "Ghandi has demounced you!" F_CKFU_KFUC_ "Ghandi has declared war on you!" R.I.P. 5/5
game-hours: 1060.1
review: Too bad I'm not completely fluent in any other languages yet, because English certainly doesn't have the words to describe how epic this game is. I'm currently playing my bazillionth game, and I've played nearly 750 hours, but every game still feels like a brand new experience. The UI is probably the most user-friendly in any game ever, and the music is just plain awesome, plus every game is randomly generated. There's a demo; download it and you'll see what I mean. So when you DO get hooked, and you DO dish out 80 bucks for the Gold edition plus Brave New World (as you should!), don't get upset when you start failing your classes or missing work because you played all night and didn't even notice, because trust me, your time is better spent here.
game-hours: 72.6
review: Should be called Slave V. It's ok. You didn't need to do anything else today anyways.
game-hours: 111.5
review: My wife left me, I got fired, my dog hasn't been fed in weeks and all my other bills have gone unpaid for several months. Twice I have been questioned by the police after my mother filled in a missing persons report. 10/10 This game is addictive.
game-hours: 194.2
review: Don't. Trust. Gandhi.
game-hours: 45.9
review: Got nuked by India, 10/10 Europe declared war on me on turn 6 for my capital being right next to theirs, 10/10 Every City In The ing Universe Demands Pearls, 10/10
game-hours: 245.5
review: Fireaxis has managed to pull off a fantastic game here - Civilization V has a very in-depth play system that is easy to understand for beginners, and yet complex enough to keep even the most advanced user thinking. The turn-based system is quite fair, though a little bit does rely on luck if you're playing multiplayer (Who gets to host is 1st player, and thus gets "Priority" on wonders, so if both you and player 1 have 1 turn left on The Great Library, Player 1 will get it first), but I personally play a lot of singleplayer. The bot difficulty level increases at a high rate as you go up - 1 is basically playing against yourself, 2 may be challenging for someone learning the game, 3 is an ok difficulty, though still a bit easy, 4 is the equivalent of a moderately skilled human player, and 5 has the tactic of a skilled player, plus extra science/food/production, so I personally play on level 4. I won't go into details about levels 6-8, because I've never tried them, nor do I plan to in the near future. The UI is quite user-friendly - If there is an action that needs to be done, it will show up in the lower-right corner just above the minimap. There are 4 "advisors" that help new players understand what to build, and how it will benefit them, as well as whether or not to attack an enemy unit, and even who you may stand a chance against in a total war! Spies also add a new level of strategy to the game, as you must decide whether you will try to steal technology from other people, or if you will protect your own technology. Then you add spy promotions, in which Recruits will almost always be beaten by Agents, who will almost always be beaten by Special Agents. By changing spies around that have different promotions, you can achieve a different level of defense and offense in espionage. For example, if you want to steal from a country that has lots of tech, but you just want intrigue about another nation that has little tech, you can send your Special Agent over to the country that has lots of tech, and your Recruit to the other nation. Overall, this is a really fun game, the only drawback is it's price, but if it ever goes on sale, it is definitely worth picking up if you're into strategy games.
game-hours: 173.7
review: What year is it!?!? How long have I been playing? Where did this beard come from?!?!
game-hours: 1691.9
review: Genre: Turn based Strategy Style: Digital board game The best strategy series ever made, and Civ V is the best version since Civ II. This game is highly addictive and in the end you will scream: just one more turn. One more turn. ONE MORE TURN!!! I'm a Civilization junkie.....
game-hours: 219.2
review: Nuked Japan while Germany watches, grabbing a hold of Rome as their precious ally turns into dust before their very eyes. Germany looks to Rome and asks them to push their Giant Death Robots towards my capital, dubbed "Temple Prime (obvious reference)". The robots march their way into a mountainous area where a wall of mountain protects several missile launcher platforms (MRLS basically) who launch a barrage at them. Rome pulls back the robots but then, what's this? An army of XCOM soldiers rip the poor robots to shreds. The robot survivor reported to Rome that Russia has taken over the middle-eastern regions and pushed toward Europe, with Rome being the meat shield of Germany. Caesar looks at his ally and goes "Wait, what?" and was suddenly silenced when a reign of nuclear warheads wipe out his only defending army. Cities tremble under Russian troops who then surround the German capital. Germany goes and askes if there can be peace. Catherine then gives out a "lol nope" then proceeds to demolish the capital with it's main army on the OTHER SIDE OF THE CONTINENT... Great game, nice AI, interesting terrain, awesome gameplay.
game-hours: 9.3
review: Watch out for Ghandis Nukes
game-hours: 255.5
review: just one more turn just 3 more zoroastrianisms just 20 more nukes just 200 more gold just 1500 more culture just 20,000,000 more pop just an 11/10
game-hours: 25.1
review: Godamnit Ghandi....
game-hours: 1654.4
review: Valuable months of my life have disappeared just because I had to play just.. One.. More.. Turn...
game-hours: 53.7
review: I don't know much about Indian history,but Gandhi is really a bch in this game.
game-hours: 144.3
review: The narcotic-grade addiction this game instills in a player should be regulated and could be weaponized. Get your estate in order before you consider purchase.
game-hours: 94.9
review: I'd appreciate it if you checked out my blog, where I do reviews, giveaways, and more:
game-hours: 380.8
review: *NOTE: This review includes the Brave New World add-on, it makes the game alot better. Trust me!* Alexander the Great (Greece) reviews the components needed to make the Spaceship. He notices that he needs the engine, but doesn't have the proper technology to obtain this piece for a Scientific victory. Angered at this, he asks his remaining friends for some research agreements to get the tech he needs to win. He gets two from his friends, Ramkhamhaeng (Did I spell that right? Anyway, Siam) and also Pedro II (Brazil) but it wouldn't go into effect for about 30 turns. Alex just groans and begins to switch up his productions and his science so he can aim toward getting that engine. Oda Nobunaga (Japan) then begins to take down Ramesses II's (Egypt) last city, which was his capital. Siam gets angered by seeing that Oda is taking down all of their allies, and attempts to charge at him. Japan was able to sweep his army and destroyed all of his cities with his deadly ability where wounded units still fight at full strength. Pedro II sends a Spy to Oda's capital to see where he will strike next: Him or Alex. Alex and Pedro set up some defenses and attempt to build a wall to defend themself from this unstoppable force. Oda decides to hit Pedro first, and slowly takes down all of his cities, one by one, and took down Rio de Janeiro. The Greek forces began to hold the enemy Marines and Paratroopers off. After a successful ambush by an XCOM Unit, Alexander had some time to finish up the engine technology. The next turn, Sparta and all of the other cities besides Athens were destroyed by Oda's unstoppable force. However, right when Oda was about to charge in and destroy Greece, both Research Agreements were used and got the technology needed. Alex quickly moved all his units away from Athens and used his remaining gold to purchase the engine. It was pricey, but he was able to attach it to the Spaceship. Japanese units were closing in fast, and the Greek soldiers started dying quickly, but right when the artillery was about to fire, they all see the glorius sight of a spaceship flying in the sky and going to space. Oda looks at the spaceship and starts yelling in defeat, knowing that he lost to Greece with a Scientific victory, right when they were about to get a Domination victory. In Civilization V, or Civ, those events are actually pretty common. It takes a little while to get used to, but once you get into it, it becomes very addictive to the point you haven't slept in days. Yep, days. My head is pretty rotten right now from playing this, but god, you NEED this game. If you got to purchase any game on Steam for free, make it this. Just buy it. You WILL love it, and I guarantee it. Even if the AI can be annoying... But yeah, just friggin BUY IT. Why are you still reading this!? Why haven't bought this game yet? Gandhi is going to NUKE YOU SO HARD, he could just- *whack* Hello, Gandhi here. You better buy this game or else I'm willing to nuke you and your cities. And your family. And your friends. And everyone you know. And just about everyone else on this planet. 11/10
game-hours: 254.9
review: whenever i play this i look at the clock and a day has passed. i have engraved a perfect sculpture of my  into my chair
game-hours: 963.5
review: Once I lead a full scale invasion of Asia by building one death robot out of Tokyo every turn because I was slighted by the UN. I regret nothing.
game-hours: 303.4
review: This game is SOO addicting. The problem with it, is there is no clock. You think, "It's 7PM...I'm just going to play a little bit" After a bit you think, man, what time is it? Andddd it's 4 am. =.=
game-hours: 179.4
review: ing great nuked the americans as the japanese hows it feel now s
game-hours: 133.6
review: Warning: Do not purchase if you have anything that needs to be accomplished in the next 6 months.
game-hours: 134.6
review: Just one more turn, then I'll write a review.
game-hours: 155.8
review: Be careful of Ghandi. Never trade him your uranium. He will use to build nukes and destroy the world, just like the real Ghandi.
game-hours: 171.9
review: I am the peaceful nation of the Celts. We shall be the nation of religion, and of diplomacy. This went well; we ended up next to the Babylonians, and we expanded nicely in peace. However, I have always believed in "dibs", so I placed down Glasgow onto the land between us, to provide a little buffer. They seemed annoyed by this. A few warriors glared at each other across our borders for a few hundred years, but otherwise, nothing too bad happened. In order to spread our religion further (because we were known for our Confucian beliefs which helped us grow our borders and spread our religion faster), we begin to invest in boats. Soon we covered the oceans in missionaries, Inquisitor and warriors to help defend our religious allies. Babylon was making friends with a local city state, Genoa. However, they were trying to spread Zoroastrianism; those heathens! Despite both our religions being known for their peace, we passive-aggressively sent missionary and Inquisitor to Genoa. Over the course of about 700 years, we had probably burned a few thousand people for swapping religions; those same Warriors had been given spears now, but they continue to glare at each other from across the borders. I offer Babylon some sugar for their spice; they wanted my sugar, iron, coal and all of my money. I then asked Germany if they wanted sugar for spice; they accepted. North of me, Rome had begun a war with France. Due to my time of peace and massive amounts of trade, I found myself with a huge amount of money. Everytime France and Rome made peace, I knew that Rome was beginning to look on my relatively peaceful country with greedy eyes. So I bought... I gifted many city states my religion and gold, and then I bought... gifted France and Germany enough money to declare with with Rome. While they fought, my Spearmen (now Musketmen) continued to glare with Babylon's, and we continued our 1500 year religious passive-aggression over Genoa. They said I was spying on them; I said I wouldn't. When my spies returned, I sent them back to Babylon. A squad of 5 Great Prophets charged into Babylon, converting left, right and centre. Babylon complained I was being a bit aggressive. I apologised. I then sent more missionaries to Babylon. I had now found every single Civilization; we decided to have a United Nations meeting in 1600A.D. I, as the host, gave everyone a single vote. Except myself. I gave myself 16, due to my popularity. I declared my religion to be the world religion. Every one opposed. I listened to their opinions, and then passed it anyway. When Rome got angry about this, I then paid France to declare war again. When Babylon got angry, I then paid Rome to declare war on them. My civilians were amazingly happy; hugely more than any other place. But because I was an Emperor, they declared me Declis the Terrible; despite my universal healthcare, happy citizens, peaceful religion, not a single war in my entire history and massive popularity in the word. My army consisted of mostly my friends, my city states, and my Musketmen (now Great War Infantry) continued to glare at the Babylonian Great War Infantry, after 2000+ years. A great duty to my nation, their descendants shall continue to frown at the Babylonians until the civilizations of the world fall. Eventually we reached a grand United Nations meeting; I sat on one side of the chamber with my 12 City State friends, and the other 7 nations glared at me from the other side. I said that the People's Confucian Republican Empire of Scotland was the best nation in the world. They all voted against me. I smiled, and then declared I won anyway. Democracy is overrated. Freedom of religion only applies to my religion. I don't need to be stronger when I'm more popular (and my people are probably more beautiful). And if you don't like me, I'll pay your best friend to backstab you. Through this, I came to understand American foreign policy. So Civilization is if nothing else, an educational tool.
game-hours: 67.3
review: One of the best strategy games I've ever played and it keeps getting better with each expansion. The Complete Edition is very much worth picking up, too - very few of the DLCs aren't worth going through.
game-hours: 1175.7
review: I've done the 1000 hour mark today, it is time for a review now: This game is just fantastic. The game is easy to learn, but in the end it will surprise you with its complexity. I must not only pay attention to how I set up my cities before the war begins to rare luxury resources. I have to take care of my religion and culture, while Wonders of the World built and new technologies are explored. Incidentally, my population is dissatisfied and my neighbor is spying me. In the end, it's time for the atomic bomb! In addition, there are numerous scenarios, each with their own requirements. In short: With my previous 1000 hours play time, I'm not done yet. Please don't forget to rate my review if it was helpful ;)
game-hours: 77.0
review: 69/10 Atom Bombed a City State 18 times didnt die
game-hours: 287.5
review: This is one hell of a strategy game! I haven't been able to step away from it since I bought it a week ago.
game-hours: 48.1
review: This game completly ruins friendships 11/10
game-hours: 196.1
review: i made a camel with horses
game-hours: 63.4
review: I did all I could to be peaceful. I then got nuked by Gandhi. I'm not sure if that says something about me or the game. Anyways, yeah
game-hours: 59.8
review: OH  IT'S 2 O'CLOCK I'D BETTER FINISH UP JUST ONE MORE TURN OH  IT'S 6 AM
game-hours: 396.9
review: I've been playing for 36 hours straight. I don't remember if I've eaten. May or may not have pooped myself. But I'm taking that  Gandhi down before I get up from this chair again. That's good, right?
game-hours: 564.7
review: -Best 2 Week Vacation I've Ever Taken -Helped Me Pass Math History Final -Only Reason I'm Still In College *Hits Next Turn* 9.7/10
game-hours: 50.3
review: "I'll just play a quick round of Civ V" 12 hours later Where did the sun go? :\
game-hours: 532.5
review: this is how i have fun with this game step by step 1.conquer a city 2.raze the city 3.hear the people rumbling screaming crying 4.watch the city burn 5.feel it 6.double the feel 7.laugh 8.repeat
game-hours: 39.3
review: Amazing strategy game. Civilization is one of the best games I've ever played if I want to go casual or have a little thinking. From trade routes to the welfare of your people. From allies with other civilization to building a utopia. And from building an army to starting wars- Wait, those start tears. You play as a random leader (Or pick a leader) with various units and skills and you try to build the perfect civilization or beat the other players (Other civilization) in a war until you are the last one alive. You have to worry about gold income, happiness of your people, and the welfare for the population to go up and a growing civilization. What I really like is the personality of each of the AI playes if you play solo (I think it can happen in multiplayer too). As for the victory, so far, you have to build a utopia (Adopt 5 full policy) or be the last civilization. And that means, you guessed it, war. It is also a game of trust if a civilization likes you or not (Or a player decides). Interesting facts: George Washington adopted communist in the year of 1400 AD. Napoleon Bonaparte was a huge a-hole around other civilizations and declares war after being on their good side. Askia Mohammad is friendly even if he is carrying a sword and has a burning kingdom behind him. Mohandas Gandhi has disposable nukes in his closet. Sources: This game
game-hours: 4069.1
review: Great game. The pinnacle of turn based strategy games.
game-hours: 104.2
review: This is a definite should-buy game for anyone. Even though this is a strategy game, I feel like anyone can get into this game and find enjoyment out of it. I highly recommend this game to anyone, even to first-time gamers and to people new to the strategy genre.
game-hours: 2385.4
review: This is the best game ever.
game-hours: 281.9
review: Civilization is known as one of the top turn-based strategy games on the market, and rightly so.
game-hours: 105.3
review: You can name your religion spaghetti.
game-hours: 346.6
review: THIS IS THE BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 41.8
review: Seriously, this game eats my life and I actually enjoy it. I'm doomed.
game-hours: 34.4
review: This game ruined my life. 11/10 would play again.
game-hours: 315.3
review: More addictive than the purest heroin, allows limited forward time travel, fulfils your darkest historical fantasies, incites hatred against Gandhi and ruins chances of meeting all forseeable deadlines. Truly a game for the ages.
game-hours: 69.0
review: this game gave me a boner
game-hours: 82.5
review: "Okay, one more round then I'll go to bed." then 6 hours later,"What, it's morning already?"
game-hours: 138.3
review: Civilization V is one of the most interesting strategy games I've ever seen! This game gives you absolute freedom. You can build anything you want, you can conquer any country you want, you can buy everything and everybody (yeah) you want, you can explore new territories, you can create your own GREAT empire. Don't know how to start? Your councillors will give you some advice. Don't want to play it only by yourself? You can take your friends to play with you. Moreover, everything is accompanied by various sounds; figures are not static. And what I found really good is that you don't have to do boring quests like:"Build 10 factories and 5 farms", because you decide what to do by YOURSELF. I think that everyone, who like strategy games, should try this one. It worth every penny (btw, it isn't expensive at all).
game-hours: 142.2
review: It's all fun and games until Gandi starts sending missionaries over. The next thing you know, he's knocking at your door with his false promises of friendship and his army of missionaries carrying nukes. You want to start that awesome new religion, Bejebus cHeist? Hindu Missionaries. Want to get rid of the Hinduism religion that's spreading throughout your cities? Hindu Missionaries. You want to spread Bejebus cHeist to Delhi? Hindu Missionaries with Nukes. Gandi don't mess around.
game-hours: 746.4
review: Endless hours of fun; each game feels different from the last. New honeycomb system means no more noobs using stack of death... good stuff, and a solid 5/5
game-hours: 13.3
review: What a surprise! I've never played Civ until three days ago. I still wondering why didn't I install the game and played it right away after my purchase. This is a great great game. Even if you're not a fan of strategy games or so you should play this Civ V.
game-hours: 443.0
review: I hope you have nothing to do tomorrow morning.
game-hours: 787.0
review: I would really like to point out three main features of this game: 1. Destroys your GPA 2. Reconfigured mods every time you go back to main menu 3. Crashes when good things are about to happen overall 6.9/10, would play again.
game-hours: 886.2
review: One of the best 4X turn-based strategy games yet made, deep and enjoyable, particularly with Gods and Kings and Brave New World expansions.
game-hours: 247.8
review: I sat down and told myself I would play for 1 hour. *12 Hours Later* YEAH! GET NUKED RUSSIA! *Falls Asleep*
game-hours: 41.4
review: Just one more turn... Just one more turn... Just one more turn... Just one more turn... Just one more turn... Just one more turn... Just one more turn... And then you win, and have gone 3 days without eating or sleeping.
game-hours: 175.2
review: Just...one...more...turn...
game-hours: 170.9
review: I love to nuke ghandi in this game bacause he is a warmonger  (Rhymes with punt)
game-hours: 329.7
review: Ok. Where should I start? How I'm in love with history of humankind? Or how Sid Meier made a deity of history-based sandbox games? Nope, there are too little space for that. Do we need some comparisons, like with Paradox games or Total War series? Nah, they are distinct. Too many details, too narrative. Those games are awesome, no doubt, but not in an aerial way, like Civilization does. Main catch of this game is in its simplicity. Everybody can rule an empire there. Though, it's a sandbox, it has a different face for every player. You want to rage a war and hold the whole world under your color - do that. Or you want to be in peace with everybody? Oh, you can do that too, in dozens of variants. Dozens? I mean, thousands! The devil is in the details, you know. Civilization V - is a peak of long lasting walk. I liked first and second games, especially second, those fundamentalists are gorgeous. I'm still prefering third Civilization, when I'm going for domination victory. Fourth game feels like Win Vista to me... Overall, fifth Civ game - the most complex and balanced of all. Cultural achievments, market deals, political unions, and religion issue - all are far better than before. If I was supposed to play in one game for life, there are good chances that I'd picked that one. One thing I have to add - no matter what strategy you want to use: make a Louvre and Hermitage full of stuff, build a spaceship, or run the league of nations - you want an army. Your army. Every strong player could tell you that. History tells you that. Today news, like Ukranian story, telling you the very same. If you don't feed own army, soon you're gonna be feeding somebody else. Si vis pacem, para bellum. Peace, people. Make love, not war. Mark? 10/10 of course!
game-hours: 390.9
review: Notice how all reviewers have 100+ hours into the game. I think that explains how good the game is.
game-hours: 2370.6
review: absolutes 10/10 would nuke friends again
game-hours: 504.6
review: Spend 3 days on a multiplayer game only with it to end with your allies nuking one another, having a decidedly adverse effect on your empire. Rinse and repeat. 10/10
game-hours: 74.1
review: You can nuke things
game-hours: 51.2
review: -Trusted Gandhi -Gave him uranium -Died
game-hours: 498.0
review: Civilization 5, the realistic historical simulator, featuring famous moments such as the founding of Judaism in Germany, the construction of the Great Wall of Sweden, and the conquering of Poland by the Shoshone. 10/10.
game-hours: 189.2
review: I played 38 hours my first day.
game-hours: 39.1
review: Took over the world as Ghandi and nuked everyone. 8/8 m8
game-hours: 689.0
review: One day while I was walking down a serene path I encountered a grave evil that I myself could not have possibly defeated alone. There they were, the great Khan and the great Ghandi marching side by side down a path towards my empire! I the great Paccal, of course, could not let this great transgression aside. So I talked to my great correspondent Frezdful calfrul and asked him for holy advice. He, by smoking a green plant and drinking the blood of sheep, had great premonitions and then told me only by sacrificing my relatives that I could defeat the great evil headed towards my empire. My unbreakable belief in my correspondent lead me to an awakened power deep within the bottom half of my body and there I was flaying my relatives and sacrificing them towards the great sun king. This, of course, manifested a great power within myself. I became ferrocia the great lizard king. I uttered a few words "feerotoa aoiasjiogjoiasj" and by doing those measly acts I increased my kingdom's science output to >9000 and construction to >9000 and built many troops over my 5 city large empire. Truly, it was something to behold.. . as I built an army of xcom and death robots to shatter the power my opponents held. They were at my mercy. And that is the story of me, the great gozz.
game-hours: 19.1
review: found a city signed a policy made some wonders and did some wander saw an american city so we set an embassy now they are my buddy thought i was doing well until the huns said oh well imma screw u up by denoucing so i nuked them but everyone started denoucing me so i nuked them all then america denouced me so i nuked them too then the huns army captured my capital so i nuked my capital then all of a sudden brazil won by culture........ !@#()(*(#(^%$(^%(&^# 10/10 nuke brazil first guys
game-hours: 10.9
review: BUT MOM THIS IS HISTORY
game-hours: 312.6
review: Lacks a little depth compared to its predecessor and the AI is beyond stupid in battle, but this game remains a fanstastic strategy title and a good introduction for newcomers to the series.
game-hours: 612.3
review: Great time consuming game. Hours of fun.
game-hours: 185.7
review: Civilization V is a fantastic turn-based strategy. I've personally have been a fan of the series for a long time and this is by far the best one. There is many different modes to play and multiple ways to win and no two games are ever alike. There is also a ton of mods for this game! So check out the workshop. You will easily lose hours to this game and I can't keep track of how many times I say "Just one more turn" and never realize how late it is until after the fact. If you don't own this game already you are seriously missing out.
game-hours: 14386.9
review: Can anyone tell me how I can tell when this game is over?!! I've been looking for the boss for a few years now and haven't seen hide nor hair of him. I'm about ready to give up on, but need a few thousand more hours to complete level V.
game-hours: 52.9
review: One more turn... One more turn... One more turn... Just. One. More.
game-hours: 53.2
review: >Gets Brave New World expansion >Selects Germany as civilization >Industrial Era has been discovered >Fully levels out autocracy >Declares war on England and France >Burns and pillages any city that has Judahism as it's religion. 10/10 Sieg Heil
game-hours: 14.6
review: Ha ha, that Nelson Mandela guy and his nukes, too funny, too epic.
game-hours: 86.6
review: Civilization: The bread and butter of turn-based strategy games. The absolute pinnacle of eye-needling, back-breaking thousand upon thousand of turns over the course of what I think are the longest "games" you'll ever play. The only game that's longer than a Civ marathon game is life itself. As a huge (pirate) player of Civ4 + expansions I must say I am pleasently surprised with Civ5. I though it was lacking the depth the fourth had, but in reality it's just overall better; (everything probably due to the fact that death stacks are no longer in the game) ------------------------------------------------------------- 9/10 Strategy - if you're a fan of anything that involves tactics, macro-managing, resource-management, general strategy you'll feel at home in this game. Everything is so smooth and straightforward you'll be dying to pass the test of time and try your best to emerge victorious as the greatest civilization. Skill roof is damn high and it's one of those games that's hard to master. Definitely a collosus of the strategy community. Cons: AI in the game is barely potty-trained. It just follows a given route most of the time and it's painstakingly predictable once you played a lot. ------------------------------------------------------------- 8/10 Multiplayer - Awarded a 7.5 because multiplayer, as a concept for this game,is impossible without dedication and a group of friends to meet-up around the clock at various points during a week to pick up on "the last save". It's hard to set up, but boy it's so much fun. Really worth going for multi. Singleplayer rocks a lot if you don't manage to find friends. Cons: Time consuming, difficult to maintain a game or find people who will. ------------------------------------------------------------- 10/10 Game Mechanics - Combat and tactics are just so satisfying compared to old Civ games. Tech advances are meaningful. Territorial management makes you feel like you own your civilization. Balance is properly set, with the exception of the "spawn roulette" that will obviously give random locations with random benefits and resources. Maps are great. Modding community went to space and there's a lot to be imported from their work. Learning curve can go through your regular linear graphs. Everything is intuitive and easy to learn. One game that has a whole lot of depth. Cons: Haven't found any negatives on the game mechanic side ------------------------------------------------------------- 9/10 UI and Graphic style - Everything is smooth as butter. The Devteam have done a great job with this game and everything is polished. Graphic style fits beautifully with the nature of the game and it doesn't distract you from the important part: the game itself. Cons: I would love to have more data and info instead of this minimalism, but that's just me ------------------------------------------------------------- DLCs aren't that great, the only real advantage for me would be the modding community, that usually moves fast towards modding the expansions. Cons: DLC/Expansions. They cost money and divide the community. ------------------------------------------------------------- Big fan of this game and the series. Few games have managed to make me wish for "one more turn" until the sun rose the second day and my clock showed me 7 AM, and this is one of those games. The great heir to the previous stellar game and I recommend it to anyone with any of the following: - time on his hands - great love for strategy - great love for turn-based games - some playful love of history - friends you can play with - money to spare (check discounts if possible) ~ ~ ~ ~ 9 / 10 ~ ~ ~ ~
game-hours: 43.5
review: Ruined my life
game-hours: 430.8
review: If you don't have this already, you're an idiot.
game-hours: 201.8
review: Very great and fluid running game. enhance that experience by getting at least the major 2 addons as they offer vast amounts of new content for your money. If you love strategy games, this ones for you.
game-hours: 1375.8
review: I hate this game.
game-hours: 93.3
review: Playing with AI is fun. Playing with your buddies (local or online) is a thousand times better.
game-hours: 136.3
review: Traded 240 gold for 1 salt 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 87.0
review: This review is in "English/Portuguese" English: What can i say abbout Civilization V? Well... i don't know, i think it is easier to think "what i CAN'T say" abbout civilization! This game is HUGE, it will grant you many hours of fun, and infinite replayability, i am not someone who actually focus on a game, but if i would, i surely would focus on Civilization! This game is brilliant! it is amazing! So much technologys to research, so many civlizations, so many things! Oh, and there is the mods! Infinite possibilities! Trust me, if you are a Strategy fan, BUY this game, it is a MUST HAVE! Portuguese: O que eu posso dizer de Civilization V? Bom... Eu no sei, eu acho que  mais fcil pensar em "O que eu NO posso falar de Civlization"! Is game  ENORME, vai te garantir muitas horas de diverso, e uma longevidade infinita, eu no sou algum que foca em um jogo apenas, mas se eu fosse focar em um jogo, com toda a certeza seria Civilization! Este jogo  brilhante!  maravilhoso! Tantas tecnologias para pesquisar, tantas civilizaes (incluindo o Brasil), tantas coisas! Oh, e tambm existem mods! Possibilidades infinitas! Confie em mim, se voc  um f de estratgia, COMPRE este jogo, este  um MUST!
game-hours: 295.8
review: I nuked ghandi and everyone got mad
game-hours: 89.6
review: BEST STRATEGY IN THE WORLD 91/100
game-hours: 238.0
review: I had a family once. A life. Then i discovered Civilization 5. 'Come outside, daddy! It's snowing!', my child would say. 'In a minute, honey.', I'd reply, 'Monty is threatening me with war unless i meet his demands, and i can't look weak in front of Byzantine!'. Weeks passed. Centuries. My empire had grown large, powerful. I had it all in the palm of my hand. The Pyramids had rose before me. The secrets of the nuclear age were but a click before my command. My people were happy, lively. I had created not a kingdom, but an existence. But alas, all things must come to an end. The wife got sick of me not paying attention to her; The kids had already grown up and started going to school. I checked my hours on steam. '4102 hours on record? no..that can't be right!', i announced loudly. I arose from the chair, my sweat had partially ruined the leather seating at this point, and the smell made her gag. I begged, pleaded. 'Please, i love you! We all make mistakes! Take me back!..right after i finish this last turn!'. One turn. My army was in place for the final strike. All enemies, friends, allies would fall with this one swoop. All i needed was one final turn. It was my legacy, my life, my dedication..Or my family. In the end, looking back, i believe i made the right choice. Civ 5 is a hell of a good game, after all, and love comes and goes much easier than an alliance with Austria that doesn't end in a backstab.
game-hours: 125.1
review: Civilization V is one of the best turn-based strategy games Ive ever had the pleasure of playing. Whether teaming up with my friends for some multiplayer, or simply losing a whole night of sleep to the games endlessly replayable single player, this is one game that any strategy enthusiast, or, hell anyone strat-curious should check out. Sure, I miss some of the deeper inter-civilization relations that the more defined religion and government setup brought in Civilization IV, but thats nothing anyone new to the series will even think twice about. With all the tips, advisers and tools in place, this is the first Civilization for PC that I feel is worth just about every persons time. Go forth and create, subdue, and exploit. Do as Firaxis has done, and bring Civilization to the masses.
game-hours: 12.9
review: This is a pretty good game when you want to retell history so that the aztecs ed over the germans and then the united states joined forces with the Russian queen. Pretty good, I like hurting history books.
game-hours: 729.2
review: This game has 10 out of 9 swags
game-hours: 363.9
review: Civilization games keep getting better and better! Civilization V is the latest, and arguably the greatest in the series. Lots of leaders to pick from, and every expansion has added a lot of depth to the game. With several victory conditions and different civilizations with their own strengths and weaknesses to choose from, replayability is endless. Playing with friends in a FFA against AI's civs for hours at a time is also fun. Highly recommended if you're a turn-based strategy fan.
game-hours: 93.0
review: Disliking this game would be like disliking ur life
game-hours: 273.3
review: If I a had a nickel for everytime I said "one more turn" I would have more than enough money to pay for the college I'm failing out of because of this game. 10/10 Would waste another 250 hours of my life.
game-hours: 338.5
review: Why haven't you bought this incredible game yet?! Words can't discribe the necessity for you to play this game. It is every strategy game player's wet dream of balance, war and progress. Turn your brain on and start playing! You will cry, you will laugh. You will feel pain, you will feel pride. You will fall in love and you will get your heart broken. Build the greatest world wonders behind your big walls and keep peace with your neighbours or conquer the world and burn cities to the ground! Discover the seven seas with your beautiful frigates or drop the nuke on your worst enemy. Create and rule a nation with endless borders, research advanced technologies to keep ahead of your enemies and understand the true meaning of uncle Ben's words "With great power comes great responsibility" when you ride across the ashes of your foes. Team up with your friends or fight them in weeklong multiplayer matches! Learn what "epic" means, challenge yourself and be amazed by yourself when you raise from a hopeless situation! Get it, play it and thank me later.
game-hours: 61.0
review: This game is just perfect, as a Total War veteran I was a bit put off by the lack of TW's real time combat. I thought that I'd loose interest in managing a single map, well I was wrong. This game is so amazing that even if they'd scrap the combat entirely I'd still love it. Being my first Civilization game I found it really easy to get into and enjoy, the expansions are great too, although I didn't have much time to play Brave New World yet. I wholeheartedly recommend this game to veteran strategy fans and newcomers to the genre alike.
game-hours: 119.8
review: made me feel civilized
game-hours: 21.7
review: im just gonna do a quick match -10 hours later- i cant feel my legs !!! 10/10 would chop off my legs
game-hours: 169.2
review: Dwarved by the expectations of feature-hungry fans and a remarkably successful history, the Civilization series is one of the last bastions of traditional, turn-based 4X strategy games, perhaps acting as the sole major life support for an increasingly whittling genre. In retrospect, it is a game that initially failed on many fronts. Upon launch it was rightly heavily criticised for under-performing in many aspects that Civ 4 had proudly refined - trading, religion, and diplomacy, amongst others. However, with the addition of both expansions, "Brave New World" and "Gods and Kings", Civ 5 recovered most of the features it had lost or underdelivered on. Regardless, issues regarding bugs, illogical AI, poor performance, online connectivity issues and abusively priced DLC remain open wounds to this very day. Firaxis has now had 4 years to deal with at least some of the game's remaining problems, but have instead neglected them, preferring to focus on Civilization: Beyond Earth. Overlooking the aforementioned issues, however, will reveal a deep, rewarding, well paced game in which planning ahead is rewarded with the chance to steamroll enemy civilisations. Victories can be achieved either using culture, tourism, science, military force, or diplomacy, laying the groundwork for day-long matches that can twist and turn whilst simultaneously providing endless intrigue, machiavellian scheming and gargantuan military campaigns. Rushing to build the next World Wonder is often equally as thrilling as pillaging a hostile city's tiles whilst trading with allied civilisations for emergency gold supplies in order to purchase those last few bombers needed to take the heavily fortified city. Should you prefer to take a more Littlefinger-esque approach, spies can steal technology, manipulate voting and even provide political intrigue and military intelligence; embargoes can cripple trade-based economies; even international congress votes can be traded for luxuries, resoruces and cities. Allegiances are frequently earned and lost, ensuring the game is never predictable, and with the seemingly endless policies, technologies, units and ways to turn your initial settlers into a sprawling, international empire, Civilisation 5 provides plenty of replayability to be a staple of your gaming time for years. Just bare in mind that if you want to get the most out of the game, you will absolutely have to read its built-in wiki to make up for the needlessley steep learning curve and often infuriating lack of vital information.
game-hours: 253.1
review: ''I will play a quick round of Civ'' After 16 hours:''where did the sun go?'' ez awzum brah 8.5/10 worth ur money
game-hours: 55.3
review: They should replace history lessons with civilisation. You learn more history in this game than on a history lesson, so if you have a test in history don't study for it, play civ5. The best strategy and history game out there!
game-hours: 6298.1
review: Still Addicted after 5 years of playing it. No need to make other games on my behalf
game-hours: 17.6
review: I got this game because my friend told me this was kind of similar to the Sims 3 (I love this game :3). It is quite fun so far: my people are building houses, learning archery, and getting cute horses to visit their neighbours. However, my asian neighbour isn't really friendly; he always wants to fight with my people (I know he's asian, because he introduced himself, and he said he was mongolian, and i know it is in Asia). Come on, he is worse than a high school girl. >:C Anyway! I gave him a bit of gold and then we stopped fighting and became best friends (forever i hope hihihi ^_^); i wish i could have made my soldier hug him, like in the Sims 3, but i couldn't find this option. Oh well. Lots of adventures ahead of me: i'm so excited! =D
game-hours: 1502.4
review: One of the best turn-based strategy games I've ever had the pleasure of playing. 2K Games have outdone themselves in making some massive changes without changing the core gameplay and alienating their fans.Improvements to the user interface and AI at all levels result in it being more approachable for newcomers without losing any of the strategic depth that long-time fans crave. It vastly improves combat, making the micro-level gameplay both more complex and entertaining. It trims all the fat, leaving only decision-making, strategic planning, and the sheer joy of crushing your enemies. Civ V is the pinnacle of the franchise to date.As a hardcore strategy gamer who is no stranger to planning out my empire's production dozens of turns in advance, I've already turned to Civ V for my world-conquering needs  but at the same time, if anything is going to rear a new generation of strategy gamers like the very first Civilization did for me, it's this.Civilization V is a fantastic entry in the series, which avoids the trap of getting stagnant thanks to some important novelties on combat system, interface and general design, designed to create a 4X of elegant and clean mechanics.
game-hours: 60.2
review: After an unplanned first play in a 8 hours, Dabu begins to realise that his journey to find true game may be coming to an end. This game fueled him with all things he looking from ideals, moral principles, religions (Dabuism is the BEST religion though), and political views, he soon discover a great deal about his feeling about this, and he know you should buy it. TWICE!!
game-hours: 64.3
review: Wanted to wait a while before writing a review...so let me start out by saying I highly recommend you add this game to your LIBRARY. This game does a great job of teaching you various ways of how to play the game. I won't spoil too much...but i will say keep an eye on your "real world" clock/time. You can lose 6 hours just casually playing this game...which i find a little troubling. If you are an adult with no children or house-mates...do remember to step away to eat and sleep. * Do try and remember these words *
game-hours: 386.4
review: A Must have!!!
game-hours: 21.1
review: Sid Meiers's How many games can we start V
game-hours: 64.0
review: ... Masterpiece! Just give me one more turn and I'll finish this review...
game-hours: 145.6
review: Probably one of the best games I've played. It has a lot of great mods to it, which lets me play as the Civilizations of my favorite TV shows/video games. At first I was a bit unsure on how good the game actually was, but after about an hour of playing it I got the hang of it and it has now become one of my favorite strategy games that I own. I do enjoy other strategy games, but I prefer this one the most. Now if you are thinking about getting this game, be warned that it is addicting. I have played hours upon hours of this game. After a while of playing you will say "One more turn. One more turn. One more turn." and eventually you'll get to about 100 or 200 extra turns. Is it just me there? Because that's what I do. But anyway, this is an amazing game and I suggest it to all my friends (one of my friends that doesn't enjoy strategy games too much even likes this one) and I suggest this to whoever is reading it. I give this game a 5/5.
game-hours: 214.8
review: This game is great for replayability since every game is different, plus, Ghandi nuked me A++
game-hours: 29.1
review: The best game out there if you want to feel like Hitler. 10/10 Great Hitler simulator.
game-hours: 256.4
review: If you've ever wondered what it would be like for the world to bow before the whip of Aztec tyranny then Sid Meier's Civilization V is for you.
game-hours: 214.8
review: This game is great for replayability since every game is different, plus, Ghandi nuked me A++
game-hours: 145.6
review: Probably one of the best games I've played. It has a lot of great mods to it, which lets me play as the Civilizations of my favorite TV shows/video games. At first I was a bit unsure on how good the game actually was, but after about an hour of playing it I got the hang of it and it has now become one of my favorite strategy games that I own. I do enjoy other strategy games, but I prefer this one the most. Now if you are thinking about getting this game, be warned that it is addicting. I have played hours upon hours of this game. After a while of playing you will say "One more turn. One more turn. One more turn." and eventually you'll get to about 100 or 200 extra turns. Is it just me there? Because that's what I do. But anyway, this is an amazing game and I suggest it to all my friends (one of my friends that doesn't enjoy strategy games too much even likes this one) and I suggest this to whoever is reading it. I give this game a 5/5.
game-hours: 64.0
review: ... Masterpiece! Just give me one more turn and I'll finish this review...
game-hours: 104.5
review: Great game. I played Civ 3 when I was younger, and really loved it. But Civilization continues to be a very great game, as it becomes more involved. -Ian Playing since 2010
game-hours: 428.0
review: Economy was broke with science and culture stopped developing. Had to commit genocides to advance science and culture. 10/10 - Would genocide again.
game-hours: 2.0
review: > build the Great Wall of Portugal > lose the nuclear arms race to Gandhi > bring the tenets of Judaism to every corner of Germany > construct the Great Pyramids of Honolulu > make Ethiopia the most well fed civilization in the world > share your Crabs with friends to make them happy 10/10, would give Crabs to Queen Isabella again.
game-hours: 14.7
review: Lots of fun and challenge in one game. I had a great time with the basic game so I can only imagine how great this game is with dlc! My country was super badass and commoners loved me not to mention the annoying neigbring country kept trying to attack my border cities but failed every time! lol In the end there was no winner. Expect me.
game-hours: 41.8
review: Best Turn-Based Strategy Game of all time If you Start playing it you just can't stop turn it off this Game make really build a "Civilazation"
game-hours: 29.0
review: ,         "  ".            -     ,   ,      .   , ""     -   ,         . 9/10
game-hours: 225.6
review: Fantastic
game-hours: 138.7
review: The best turn based strategy game i've played in a while, but at first a little complicated.
game-hours: 142.9
review: Civilization V is great. I'd definitely recommend this game to everyone. Also, buy the expansions for more fun! Enjoy xD
game-hours: 247.3
review: Like Skyrim but with hexagons.
game-hours: 1078.1
review: Love the game, just can't finish the reveiw yet. Im finishing off Ghandi with nukes.  15/10
game-hours: 202.5
review: 10/10 gonna fail college because of it. worth.
game-hours: 46.0
review: SO ING FUN!
game-hours: 339.6
review: My review is mostly related to the single player part and the AI of the game, which i both consider to be very relevant in this game. First of all: With the BNW add-on the CIV5 game gained new potential. Especially in late-game the game has become a lot better. However, Civilization 5 still lacks a lot of the strategic component of former installments of CIV or Alpha Centauri (one of my all-time favourite games). Especially without GK and BNW the game is very simplistic and strategically non-challenging, offering few ways to win and few actual decision-making. This is a shame, especially when comparing the game to its predecessors. With BNW the strategic component got a lot better, allowing many different paths to victory, exploring new strategies, and finally giving culture an actual purpose and allowing you to win with culture. A downside however is, that the different civilizations and leaders are poorly balanced. For example when playing at the last two difficulties, it seem almost impossible to win (unless you use specific AI and gameplay exploits...). This is mostly the case because it is generally not possible to keep up with the rapid technology advance and army production of the AI. The AI can do this because it receives massive bonusses and you receive a massive handicap. As an effect of the research and construction speed handicap, you will very often find yourself in a situation where you cannot build certain wonders in your game, even with an ultimately optimised building strategy and a perfect starting position - which is quite frustrating and will limit your selection of feasible strategies in higher difficulties, to a small selection - most of which are based on exploiting the overall weak choices the AI makes in wars. The AI also often reacts irrational and seems random, for example the way it changes from being your best friend, to backstabbing you and siding with your enemy, in just one turn, or when they declare war on you despite the immediate outcome being obviously negative for that civilisation as well as already having another enemy at its neck. The options for diplomatic interaction are overall weak. My main point of criticism is that the AI is dumb to the point that it can only be seen as challenging by that it produces a lot of military units and advances a lot faster in technology than you. This also means that you inevitably have to prepare for often long wars against an ridiculously large stream of enemy units that you might often destroy easily due to the AI's weak decision-making while attacking. Often you can only win with perfect start position and by exploiting certain game mechanics and the mentioned lack of AI tactics. This is what makes this game of little interest to me. A strategy game that offers a lot of different ways to win needs a good AI and not one that acts as military-unit factory. For example, games with the difficulty setting at which the AI has the same handicaps as you feel like a pony-ride to any halfway experienced player, even when there are lots of rivaling civilisations on the map. However, once you play at higher difficulties, the AI plays with the exact some behavior and underlying "intelligence" but can manage to be ahead of you at all times in matters of creating wonders, researching technologies, producing culture, and army. At the "king" difficulty, where you already have penalties, I found it possible to win pretty much any game at any starting position with any civilisations or leaders. But at the last two difficulties the AI advantage becomes clearly unfair, the intelligence of the AI however is still not any better. It is apparent that the AI "knows" what goes on on the entire map and will use this knowledge to its advantage. In addition, the advantages it receives are not possible to be compensate using smart decisions. For example, at Deity difficulty, Firaxis basically throws you into a gladiator fight where you play a limbless and "slow" person. You fight against dumb, aggressive and cheating brutes that will turn hostile at some point, no matter what. Sounds more fun than it is. I found it to be still possible to win at deity, but you are WILL find yourself limited to a very very small set of tactics and choices and even leaders: The most likely option to win is militaristically: you have to wait for your enemy's rare appearance of a weakness, at which point you have to attack with your limbless body hitting the enemy gladiator continuously, which will feel like cracking a hard nutshell with a rubber spoon, until the target slowly turns into a pudding-like consistency. You will have to forget all the other tactics and playstyles you might have previously liked to use, once you play in that arena you have to stick with what the little that's left, being severly crippled in your abilities and fighting against dumb hostile brutes. Thumbs down for the AI
game-hours: 602.8
review: Between the original version, the Gods and Kings expansion, and now Brave new World, I've accumulated 500 hours of gameplay, and it doesn't look like that's stopping any time soon. By itself, Civ V is one of the best strategy games I've ever played; with the right mods (of which there are plenty), it becomes truly addictive. Generally, one of my biggest gripes with empire-building games is that your empire supports your military conquests. In CiV, your military supports your empire. I have maybe one game in ten where I'll initiate a war; most of the time, I'm way too busy creating the most dominant empire in the land. And it varies every time: right now I'm pushing a game where my religion covered half the globe; the game before that, my scientific accomplishments were second to none. Every game is different; if you play the same way every time, you're not going to get far. I can't emphasize enough how important it is to get both expansion packs. Gods and Kings was praised for adding the religion mechanic, but its primary benefit is a major revamp of the combat system and technology tree that makes both of them so much more neat and logical. Brave New World drastically alters both the culture and the diplomacy victories, and both are for the better, forcing you to put effort into those victories through the whole game. And get mods. I can't tell you which ones to get, but absolutely get some. As you play the game, you'll start to notice little things you wish it did differently. And 90% of the time, someone's already made a mod to fix that. I'm playing with over a dozen right now. Some make wonders more usable, some add more luxury resources or religions, one of them makes scouts usable past the medieval era and another removes the cap on XP you can get from barbarians, and a whole mess more. I've actually reached a point where I'm mixing and matching my mods based on what type of game I'm trying to run. This game will very likely become my #1 most played game, and pretty much the only thing that's going to stop me from accumulating 1,000 hours in it is Life. Put this game on your wishlist, pick up the expansion packs during steam sales, and get addicted.
game-hours: 280.1
review: The ability to rename Berlin to Snitzlestick and make it the holy city of Infectionism is incredible. - 10/10
game-hours: 49.9
review: A brilliant strategy game for those who want to sit down for half an hour or those that want to sit down for hours on end. Overall a really great game, great gameplay, great graphics, great everything. I would highly recommend this to anyone who is even remotely interested in strategy games.
game-hours: 224.9
review: Fantastic turn-based RPG. This game gets a ton of flak from traditional Civ fans, but the new interface creates a fresh new experience that you are just as likely to unwittingly spend hours playing. Modding community is terrific, and adds hundreds if not thousands of hours to this already immense game. Though I have 200+ hours logged, I have barely scratched the surface of content in this game.
game-hours: 163.1
review: 9/10 Accurately shows how many world leaders live 5000 years
game-hours: 73.5
review: "kill this guy" "ok" "you're a warmonger" pretty good
game-hours: 65.5
review: 5.PM Alright, lets play Civ 5!!! 9.AM The Next Day Just... one... more... flipping... turn...
game-hours: 551.3
review: With many games more and more emphasizing adrenaline-pumping action, playing a slower paced strategy game like Civilization can be refreshing. Indeed, Civilization V is the kind of game you can sit down, popcorn and soda in hand, and become completely engrossed in political crises, border tensions, and epic battles. While it may not train your reflexes or aiming abilities, you'll certainly find yourself performing insane feats of balance as you try to maintain your Civilization's military defense, culture, scientific advancement, religious development, and economic power. You'll find a game that is admittedly not immediately exciting, but which will involve the player in incredibly complex situations, never playing out the same way each time, always offering a new story. However, there are some valid criticisms worth considering. I will address two primary problems with the game that are connected to smaller issues others have brought up. Firstly, much depth and complexity present in Civilization IV has been stripped from the game, and it shows. In Civilization IV, leaders acted very often according to their historical personalities -- Gandhi would have an aversion to war, wheras Genghis Khan might be attracted to the possibility -- in Civ V, Gandhi will happily crush your entire country to seize your spice resources. The hostility and viciousness of the AI in Civ V, by contrast, detracts from the game's believability. Besides the hostility of the computer players, they are also gloriously stupid, they make insane trade offers, demand whole cities in wartime when they are losing, and capitulate in war when they have the advantage. As deep and involving as the game is, the AI manages to detract from the experience often enough to be worth mentioning. The second criticism worth considering is that too often it breaks the spell of depth and plays more like a strategy game. It IS a strategy game yes, but the game is also about civilization, and how complex and wonderfully intertesting human society can be, and sometimes the play to win mentality that is inherent in the game (especially it's AI) as well as many of the players can weaken the game's ability to absorb the player into the story of human civilization. Beyond these criticisms, the game presents itself well, the interface is much cleaner compared to previous iterations in the series, and the warfare much more interesting. In previous titles, units could be stacked on top of one another, so often the winning of wars came down to who had the most material power to build the biggest unit stacks. As a result of the removal of unit stacking, material power will help, but an ability to position units correctly and actually strategize will win you the battle even in the event you are outnumbered. Thus Civilization V may rightly boast of having the best combat and warfare the series has seen. However shallow the game can be at its' worst, it's intensely engaging and dramatic in the most positive sense at its' best -- every action that is simple or basic in one game is dramatically important in Civilization. For example, moving units close to another Civilization's borders, somewhat tedious and uninteresting at face value, raises the tension as you prepare for an epic war against their evil, imperialistic civilization. In the context of world civilizations, all actions become pronounced and important -- helping the game tell a story of warring global civilizations in crisis rather than simply telling the story of a competitive match between two players, each trying to win. That dramatic worldly context is what allows the game to tell such interesting new stories upon each playthrough and definitely what makes the game so incredibly addicting, involving, and engaging. Despite the admittedly valid criticisms, I couldn't possibly recommend this game more.
game-hours: 46.7
review: This is one of the best turn-based strategy games ever created. It's like chess on crack. 10/10
game-hours: 21.3
review: Fun to play and fun to eat!
game-hours: 48.3
review: WTF is wrong with this game? I even forgot that real life exists. This is worse than hardcore drugs.
game-hours: 227.5
review: This game is far too amazing for words. -Start as Ethopia, thinking of a small, peaceful playthrough, as I dont get new cities well -50 turns later, Annex a city state for taking my horse tile -Greece tells me to stop expanding near him. -Greece tells me the whole world thinks my army is a joke -Annex Athens and raze his other level 1 settlement -Annex another city state, with an extra settlement, what started as aiming for a small civ, ends up in 4 settlements. -Starts war on Rome, annex two of his settlements, make peace. -Ghandi becomes world congress host with 13 delegates. -Cry in corner 11/10. "Just One More Turn"
game-hours: 354.3
review: this game is a big bag of fun. its basicly like a board game, like chess or some other kind of board game. civ 5 is a strategy game and one of the best in my opinion and is deffenetly worth a buy [ps sorry if i spelled something wrong :P]
game-hours: 144.5
review: 50 Hours into your latest save, all is going well. Only 3 leaders left Gandhi, Caesar and Washington. you draft an 'end game' plan in your mind, you will make friends with Gandhi (for obvious reasons he's chill) then procede to befriend Caesar. Then you will take out Washington because he is a  and did not accept an open border agreement 3000 years prior HE MUST PAY. 20 turns later all is going to plan, we are now on Washingtons doorstep, Gandhi and Caesar appear to love and probably fear your superpower nation. All we need to do is eliminate the pesky Americans and ith all our military now on American soil this should not take long. Then after the swift invasion of America we will make a vote for world peace at the U.N (in rome of course) with our new found Indian and Roman brethren it is a sure win! But all of a sudden the distant droning of nuclear sirens start, quickly they become louder and louder, "what is this!?" you think to yourself, a false alarm? You shrug it off maybe Caesae bombing a city state. The game pauses... Gandhi appears on the screen, with a sinister grin he shouts "WAR" in your face. Only seconds after you see a gut wrenching sight. The camera focuses on a nuclear submarine stationed just off the coast of your pride and joy, the capital of your glorious nation. You then hear a rumble, just seconds after a nuclear warhead emerges from the previously hidden submarine, you realise it is too late... you can only watch as the missle closes in. As your city goes up in a giant cloud there are short lived screams from your beloved people, then silence. Before what had just occurred had sunk in, before you could make rescue efforts to save your much loved citizens the humming of quiet engines fall upon your ears. Suddenly countless 'stealth bombers' appear seemingly out of no where, soon the sky is blackened by planes, the game falls almost silent only the whistle of falling bombs remains. You faint from the shock of what is unfolding. You awake shortly after, Gandhi is still flattening what remains of your once prosperous empire, now with 'giant death robots' making the most of his seemingly never ending turn. As Gandhi clinically and relentlessly razes what's left of your broken nation all you can do is weep, your people hacked down in their prime and your glorious nation so mighty just minutes before has just been been all but eliminated in 1 turn. Why oh why did you turn of autosave? did it really speed your game up? was it worth it? Ghandi is a complete , he acts like your friend but WILL nuke the  out of you if even the slightest oppurtunity presents itself. 10/10
game-hours: 2600.5
review: I only played a little but it was fun.
game-hours: 316.9
review: It's like crack. You keep telling yourself 'just one more turn'. but then you realize you've been sitting in your underwear for for 36 hours and you've forgotten to check on your wife who gave birth to your baby last night.
game-hours: 3979.9
review: Made me obsessed, destroyed my social life, gave me and irrational fear of Gandhi. and made me invest countless hours into destroying civilizations. 12/10 potatoes
game-hours: 14.1
review: When Gandhi or Ethiopia comes to your doorstep with gifts of gold, dyes, and ivory, take my advice. Ready all your tanks and nukes, arm them, AND SHOOT THEM LIKE YOUR LIFE DEPENDS ON IT. They are evil, traitorous demons. NEVER TRUST THEM. However, Genghis Khan is my best friend. He came up to me and was all like, "De full do bu la chi mendo." And I said, "Okay! Let's be friends!" I can never understand that guy, but something about our relationship just works. Ghandi Hating Simulator 2014 11/10
game-hours: 126.6
review: -playing as the US -explores and finds siam -befriends siam -finds greece -greece is a  and invades -gets in a war with greece -takes 2 greek cities and returnes the rest -greece is happy -sails to new lands and finds all other nations -befirends russia and china -gets in a foolish war with siam not knowing that every nation exept china and russia is friends with siam -feels sad because everyone hates me -makes peace with siam because im feeling guilty for being a warmonger -people start being nice to me -feels happy, only germany and arabia are guarded, everyone else is friendly -china asked me to declaire war on arabia even though he has done nothing to me -I decline because Ive decided to be an example to the civilized world -china declares war on and denounces me -germany declares war on me -every nation on earth exept for russia declaires war on me -me and russia vs. the world -I have 3 nukes and no one else has any -cant make myself use them -steamroll enemy city states south of me -steamroll greece to the north -steamroll native american settlements on some islands near me -siam discovers urainum -siam is confirmed to have nuclear power plant -must stop siam from getting nukes -US gunships race to punch a hole in siams defences -all reserve units are embarked for the invasion with destroyer escorts -gunships meet uber heavy resistance -invasion due in 2 turns -russia is being cut off from US aid -sends paratroopers to break the siege of moscow -fails due to being outnumbered 20:1 -D-Day in siam -steamrolls siam until only capital left -no sign of atomic weapons -100,000 troops surrounding the capital -air raid sirens -siam nukes himself four times along with most of my troops -paras mop up and capture the capital -sad music -all other nations in shock -we mourn our fallen troops -all nations make peace in the next 4 turns -we all are sad -decides war must end for good -changes course for diplomatic victory -starts work on UN -becomes allies with 19 city states -all nations live in realitive peace -finishes UN -wins vote -wins game 10/10 no feels like this in a game before.
game-hours: 51.1
review: You'll decide to play for an hour and you'll realize four days later that your wife left you, but you're so close to killing that scumbag Gandhi that it doesn't even matter. 20/10
game-hours: 152.8
review: Never. Trust. Ghandi.
game-hours: 40.9
review: Don't attempt to play this before going to bed.
game-hours: 444.1
review: Say goodbye to your life.
game-hours: 80.4
review: >Be the Netherlands >Use best Netherlands strat, POLDERSS!!!!1!!!! >Tries to be friends with everyone (science victory included) >Austria wants open borders >accept >Sends great prophets to my cities >, I have my own religion >use my prophets on my cities >austria won't stop sending prophets >Declare war >Kill all prophets >publicly denounced >all trade routes destroyed >Germany starts having war with me >Gets  by the armies of austria and germany >WW2 in a coat of WW1 Best world realism game out there 11/10
game-hours: 778.0
review: Play the game. Mod the game. Read guides on the game. Play the game some more. This has become one of my favorite games, if you love history or like strategy games (or both like me) than do yourself a favor and pick this game up! Pros +Good graphics, detailed leader-scenes. +Simple enough mechanics to grasp in a few hours, but complex enough to take a few hundred hours to master. I have nearly 600 hours and i'm still learning new stuff and mastering old stuff. +Good variety of (fairly balanced) civs. A lot of Civs have unique and fun play-styles like Venice only having 1 city but double trade routes, Polynesias incredible naval recon and warfare and Brazils amazing mod-game tourism output come to mind. +Good amount of history to learn, it's also made me look at other cultures (Hawaiian and plains-native americans) completely different and made me more interested in them. +Great mods, ever want to conquer North Korea as Beavis and Butthead? Or Patrick Star? You can do that! The modding community is not as awesome as Civ IVs but its still amazing. +Ximicacan! Ximicacan! Ximicacan! -Cons -Serious con: Vanilla Civ V isn't that great, the game becomes truly great with its expansion packs so try to buy the complete edition if you can! -Unit variety could use some major work. It just doesn't feel right using Polynesian trebuchets, Mayan Frigates and Zulu Crossbowmen etc. -Tech tree isn't quite as expansive as in Civ IV. -Some civs are just boring and uninteresting like America or Iroquois. -Game has made me neglect my other games...
game-hours: 2451.2
review: Higgsfamily09 is a big fan of Civilization we got three four and five . This one has some problems but in all it a great game if you are new to the game get this one it is user friendley. Love all the new leaders and civilization this game has , the graphics are great. so do I recommend this game yes I do it is a great game fun to play the Multiplayer is easy to learn .
game-hours: 36.1
review: I spent 28 hours, over four days building my empire. I spent every minute I could infront of the screen expanding and fconquering, trading and building, researching and discussing with other civilizations. Every second I was away from the computer this game was on my mind. When I closed my eyes I saw Ghengis Kahn fulfiling his destiny, trying to rule the world. I was fired from my job after attacking a customer that looked like Ghandi, screaming that he was the reason that my people were wearing blue jeans and listening to low quality music. I was driving down to dinner with my girlfriend, when we hit a rabbit, she broke down crying, hysterical, and urged me to get out of the car and help the slain animal, but all my mind could do is turn to her and say "A single death is a tragedy. A million deaths is a statistic". After four days I wasnt sleeping, only planning my next move, my eyes were red, my hair was falling out, and I couldn't stomach solid foods, only energy drinks. I lost to Washington of America, who got a scientific victory when I was one move away from taking over his capital city. Now I have no job, no friends, no girlfriend, and my family stopped talking to me, all because of four days I owned this game. All in all 10/10, would suggest to friends/SO/co-workers if I had any.
game-hours: 27.9
review: Even with all DLCs, the game still feels simple in comparison to previous version. Yet an enjoyable "one-more-turn" game.
game-hours: 54.9
review: got an A+ in world history thank u civ 5
game-hours: 6.8
review: 5/5 breddy gud
game-hours: 194.8
review: I like this game a lot because it is cool. Buy it, yes.
game-hours: 148.4
review: Addicting.
game-hours: 89.8
review: AMAZING. TOO GOOD TO EXPLAIN. FUDHKCEOIDJOEFNSIZLFKSUYBFHSFKUGADWYTFAUKYWGYDJBHSAVGDFTUWKFDGVASJDWTYFAKDGH
game-hours: 429.1
review: The game has quite a few bugs but definitely one of my favourite games to play with friends.
game-hours: 205.6
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V is a 4X turn-based strategy from 2K Games. Once you start playing this, you can't stop. Civilization V is just a good game. It has one more turn factor which makes you want to keep playing even when you already won. Sid Meier's Civilization V has very deep and challenging gameplay. You start from scratch with only a settler and a warrior, build your first capital city, then keep building up your nation/empire. From the dark age of 4000 BC, the dawn of human civilization to the modern globalization age of 2000 AD, you forge your empire from a single capital city and then expand and build more city, do research to strengthen your empire in all aspect, create military power for defense purpose or go on a global conquest, and manage your national economy, culture and diplomacy with other faction. Every unit can be leveled up just like an RPG games which make every unit is unique and count. You can even rename those unit when they level up to make them a little more personal. Choose your own path for your civilization, war, peace, culture, science, all will lead you to great victory. Sid Meier's Civilization V has good graphics quality overall. The maps are beautiful. Unit and city has quite good detail. The UI is also great, you can switch between tactical and world map view. This game is very great and addicting. Sometimes which is most of the times, even if you already won the game, you still continue playing it. I recommend this. Rating 9/10
game-hours: 54.9
review: got an A+ in world history thank u civ 5
game-hours: 101.5
review: Its ok. 1111000/1111000
game-hours: 176.9
review: Best Nuclear War Simulator out there. 9/11 would nuke again
game-hours: 95.8
review: its like skyrim with napoleon and washington
game-hours: 109.4
review: PC gamings equivalent of heroin.
game-hours: 195.4
review: There are three dominant reasons why I recommend this game: 1. No micromanaging 50,000,000,000 things per turn later in the game, unlike other turn-based strategy games like Rome: Total War II. A lot of game mechanics are autonomous, making smooth turn-by-turn play. 2. Nicola Tesla is a Great Engineer in this game. He has done some great stuff for humanity, if you aren't aware. 3. There is a Game Of Thrones mod for this game. There are freakin' Game Of Thrones factions and characters in it. That is amazing. If you don't think it is amazing, go make love to your sister/brother/father/mother/aunt/uncle/nephew/etc. and then try to tell me with a straight face that it is not amazing.
game-hours: 56.6
review: Best strategy game existing.
game-hours: 140.8
review: I'm finally getting around to playing this after yearning for so long. When it dropped in 2010, I couldn't play it on even medium settings as I tried out the demo. Well, being an all or nothing guy, I didn't want it until I had a PC capable of playing it at max. settings with no hiccups. That wasn't the only thing keeping me from the game, but the announcement of the new hexagonal grid and one military unit per tile rule, I was massively sceptical and honestly didn't think I would go for it. Well, after waiting 4 years and playing religiously for the past week after purchasing it, I can gladly say it's the best move the series has made. I cannot believe I never noticed how mundane stacking 20 units to a tile was, to easily vanquish the enemy without thought. Now, thinking and tactics come into play, and you have to know each unit's attributes, advantages and disadvantages, and suddenly the game series with extrordinary depth, just became that much deeper and more addictive. It's not without some faults, that even with the most recent patch after years of its release, still haven't been fixed. Like for instance, if you have no ground military unit in a city, good luck accessing your missiles and other air units. But these are minor and hardly take away from the yet another incredible addition (or should I say addiction?) to the franchise. 10/10, will rack up far more than the current 47 hours I've put into it, when all is said and done.
game-hours: 168.8
review: This game is the slowest and most painful rage(quit) that you'll ever experience in your life 10/10
game-hours: 143.4
review: - Bismarck status: friendly - Bismarck offered open border and i accepted - Bismarck army went near my capital - Bismarck declared war Best game ever
game-hours: 231.4
review: Now, this is a story all about how My Game got flipped-turned upside down And I'd like to take a minute Just sit right there I'll tell you how I got nuked by a man , so unfair. In west America born and raised On the Earth map was where I spent most of my days Chillin' out maxin' relaxin' all dery And all shootin some b-barbs outside of the library When a Broken indian who was up to no good Started nuking around in my neighborhood I got in one little fight and my Advisor got scared She said 'You're makin' peace and giving up all your citys there.' I saved up for a nuke and when it came near Theit was really fresh and it had gandhi in the mirror If anything I could say that this nuke was OP But I thought 'Nah, forget it' - 'Yo, homes to Delhi!' I pulled up to the city in about 7 or 8 And I yelled to the Indian 'Yo homes smell ya later' I looked at my kingdom I was finally there To sit on my throne as the Prince of Civ 5
game-hours: 145.7
review: Civilization V is a fantastic entry in the series, which avoids the trap of getting stagnant thanks to some important novelties on combat system, interface and general design, designed to create a 4X of elegant and clean mechanics.
game-hours: 74.5
review: one of the greatest (strategy) games ever made... once you start, it's not easy to stop xp
game-hours: 23.9
review: Just one more turn.....
game-hours: 268.6
review: Challenging with the focus not necessarily on war which is a nice change for a strategy game. Multiplayer can give you hours of fun.
game-hours: 683.9
review: It is always fun to play but not alwaya easy to win!! The two major add ons make the game much more difficult and enjoyable. If on sale the game is a steal and will be for years to come even with new CIV's on the horizon,
game-hours: 442.7
review: There's no other game quite like it (even EU IV/CK). Has a lower learning curve in comparison, but it's still a sizable beast to conquer; there are lots of intricate mechanics and strategies you can find yourself learning hundreds of hours into the game. Oh, and it takes forever to finish a game even on Quick so if you're the impatient type, this game may not be for you unless you go Duel/Quick every game. MP is fun. AI becomes much too predictable, so introducing the unpredictability of human thinking into the equation naturally mixes things up. The team mechanics for Co-op are interesting at first, but besides sharing beakers for research, there really isn't much to it and you often end up fighting for things like wonders, land and city-states like any competitor would. Also, no achievements can be unlocked through MP (except the one...), which is mind-boggling. As someone who dislikes the AI, it is annoying having to jump back into SP to get the achievements I would otherwise have received through normal play. Balance wise, there are some aspects that could be improved; there are obviously superior wonders, civs, even resources (I'm looking at you, salt), as well as obviously inferior ones like Angkor Wat, Denmark and most of the plantation luxuries. Some units also have pretty crappy ugprade routes -- Pikeman, the most accessible and strongest Medieval melee unit suddenly becomes an at-best situational anti-cavalry Lancer, and the Crossbowman, also the most accessible and strongest Medieval ranged unit becomes a one range Gatling Gun. Range is huge in this game, so increasing the damage in compensation for the lost one tile of range is like cutting someone, then offering them a band-aid. Technical specifications wise, the graphics are a nice upgrade from IV (and for a game released in 2010, it's fair). Some of the music is pretty awesome, but they're easily forgettable and as I already listen to other music while I'm playing, turning off the music hasn't impacted me at all. All in all, a 9/10. I know most of my review has been negative, but anything not mentioned here, I generally endorse. These were some more pedantic gripes and very subjective, so as always, take everything with a massive mound of salt (those OP ers). P.S. Obligatory "One more turn..."
game-hours: 954.3
review: This is the only game out there where it's O.K to dislike other nationalities for no particular reason, and where one more turn... WHAT?!?!?! I WAS GOING TO BUILD A CITY THERE!!!! Ok, Siam, prepare to feel the wrath of my legions right after I build some more ballistas...
game-hours: 107.8
review: One more turn
game-hours: 1012.0
review: I believe this game is great, but many would disagree... it's the marmite of gaming... up there with the well known Monopoly board game. It's massively time consuming, your friends will get angry if you keep asking them to play and you have to be a die-hard fan of this form of game to bear with it's tedious time consuming yet magnicificant piece of gaming masterpieces. But, it proves to me and many others as a shining beacon, of which pulls you away from the painful, dull and necessary work of life and into the gaping greatly lit tunnel of procrastination and determination. To those ready to Civ... I salute you.
game-hours: 95.0
review: Labai traukiantis aidimas. Gali praleisti kiaur nakt ir to nepastebti. domus tiek paiam aisti, tiek irti monms, kurie mgsta iek tiek pamstyti. Rekomenduoju!
game-hours: 413.9
review: I absolutely love this game. If you like turn based strategy games, this is absolutely necessary to your virtual collection!
game-hours: 86.9
review: One of the best strategy games I've played in a long time... 10/10
game-hours: 146.8
review: I paid 15$ and lost my soul. 10/10 would buy
game-hours: 31.0
review: A game where you spend 10,000 turns and 10 days of your life trying to claim yourself the best civilization of them all... Just to get nuked by Gandhi. 10/10
game-hours: 70.8
review: Due to the fact i haven't written any reviews for a long time, i feel it is about time i started again with this unanimously magnificent strategy title! What Civilization V constitues is the climax of a renowned series. To begin with ..it looks stunning and its world shines with beautiful and well designed environments. Futhermore when you start immersing yourself deeper inside its universe you will begin discovering more of its many virtues. Not only has this game one of the most sophisticated in-game mechanisms i have ever seen in a strategy title but also it can maintain your interest for years. Trying to offer a detailed insight into Civ V could easily make me write pages over pages though i don't want to become tiresome. Just keep in mind that this game needs patience in order to unfold all its features. On the whole i have no doubt that especially stategy friends are going to adore it!
game-hours: 889.4
review: As an experienced Civ series player, Civ V had a rough start initially and was inferior to the expanded version of Civ IV. However, just as Civ IV progressed, so did Civ V through the years. This review reflects Civ V with the 2 expansions (Gods and Kings and Brave New World). Once again, we face the "Just one more turn" syndrome that this game has always provided. This 4x turn-based strategy game continues to evolve by enhancing the multiple victory conditions for the game. Many scenarios are available and the Steam Workshop for Civ now creates easily assessible mods for the game to increase replayability. The AI still makes strategic mistakes, but evens out a bit at the higher difficulty levels due to AI bonuses/player penalties, The end-game has greatly improved over previous iterations of the series due to the enhancements to diplomatic and cultural victory conditions. The replayability and replayability of Civ V is so good, that I will nitpick on a couple of areas for improvement (and mods are out that resovle this too). Those improvement areas are to make the different cultures even more unique (more unique looks between the cultures) and speeding up the preformance on huge maps. Otherwise, this Civ V with the DLCs is an excellent game that will take up just one more turn.
game-hours: 17.3
review: I payed $7.50 (Steam os sale) and got more enjoyment out that than most $60 games. #Praiselordgaben
game-hours: 491.9
review: This game is absolutley amazing! Every part of this game from the combat to the diplomacy feels polished and superb. I would recomend getting the $50 complete civ package because it adds many new features to the game and is worth every penny.
game-hours: 65.4
review: Good strategy for long hours - New plot every game. You may choose the way to win and lead your civilization.
game-hours: 142.0
review: This game have entertained me for many hours. Because of number of steam achievments you have always something to achieve and when you get bored you can always starts new harder game where you will be really busy to keep up with AI which you can beat in different ways - getting science, domination, cultural, time or diplomatical victory. Another really impressive thing is multiplayer option which thanks to turn-based game system is really interesting and well designed. Beat your friends and let's see who is tough dictator, good diplomat or sophisticated ruler. ARO! Civilization V 8/10 Gods and Kings 8/10 Brave new Wolrd 9/10
game-hours: 36.3
review: Great strategy game
game-hours: 85.2
review: Wow so good what a strategies so many cities to make, lots kinds of people, simply amaze in what to do in it like Vikings. so many ways to win like 5. slow to start but so addict. nice graphic. units cant stack like boxes, no staring contest ever again which are annoying. so much dimploatic relationship. So Empire Wow.
game-hours: 296.2
review: Addicting...
game-hours: 91.0
review: Just... one...more...turn... $#*% its 3 Am.
game-hours: 71.4
review: Yes
game-hours: 410.1
review: One of the classic fps games of the 21st century. With the single player rivaling the outstanding storytelling and plot of Call of Duty: Ghosts, the experience provided by this game can be found no where else. The mutiplayer is a journey that you will never forget, from getting your first quickscope, to losing your virginity to some kids mom, you will never stop playing this game. To sum up this review, if this sounds like it's for you, then please, leave the internet now. 4.83906/5 lakes
game-hours: 30.2
review: If you want to have sex with Queen Latifa this is the game for you. Not only can you command like 2 people at once you can also have sex with like 8 grandmas, and thats not including the ones with . I like this game because one time when I was a kid I was molested by my dad. This is the best star trek game out there!
game-hours: 1284.4
review: Civilization V would be a very good game if it were not for the shoddy multiplayer and the money grubbing DLC practice. Firstly, the average multiplayer match freezes and crashes. Even if you have less than four players in your match, you will still crash frequently. Multiplayer is not designed well on this game, there are too many gamebreaking glitches to name of which can only be done in multiplayer games. This is because the developers did not pay much attention to polishing this portion of the game, since they seem to have been very busy releasing the 15 (!) pieces of DLC which were made for this game. This DLC has only divided the very tiny multiplayer community further because it can be hard to find a match of people who have the same DLC as you. The singleplayer is where this game shines, the developers obviously spent a huge amount of time polishing this portion of the game, and this is what gives it replay value. You can easily spend six hours on a single game of Civilization V and still want to play more. There are a few balance problems however these are relatively small. Overall Civilization V is my favorite game despite some of the game's shortcomings.
game-hours: 7.0
review: Civilised is hardly what this game is. When Ghandi finds nuclear weapons he becomes more war-crazy than any enemy ever written in the Metal Gear Universe!
game-hours: 45.4
review: Do you like stategy games? Do you like board games? Well then look no further, friend. Welcome home. Civilization's 5th iteration is a great entry in this franchise and is addictive as it is fun. Prepare to loose many hours. Some may tell you this one is a weaker game than 4 or not worth playing without all the DLC. I am not really in that group. I had a lot of fun with the vanilla game. The expansions add depth to mid and late game stages and provide more options for victory, along with new civilizations (each which has its own perks). If you have even a mild itch for strategy games then press buy. Also note this game is VERY moddable - all supported by steam workshop. Which couldnt be easier to use.
game-hours: 340.2
review: Just... Just one more turn...
game-hours: 571.2
review: I want to start off by saying this is a fantastic game, but I think it is worth noting a few flaws to go alongside the many positives which this game has to offer, and reading this review will hopefully help you in deciding whether it worth picking up a copy. So first the pros: This game has an ability like no other game i've played apart from AoE 2 to make time fly, one moment it's 4pm and before you know it you're hunched over besides your computer and it's 11pm, and you still haven't done your maths paper for the day after. The background for music for each Civ is a nice addition, which allows for each Civ to feel unique beyond their colour scheme and unique building,Unit(s) and ability so as you play them the melody keeps things interesting. The gane looks great and is formatted nicely so everything is clean and easy to access, and you rarely feel overpowered by an overabundance of numbers. And now for some cons While at first and religion feels fresh and interesting, as the game advances it quickly becomes a chore even with its increased importance for any deity or cultural victory thanks to BNW. Relgion I found to be much more interesting online vs other human players, as they are likely to suffer from the same boredom you do and makes spreading your religion seem much more meaningful fun as a result. I found myself sometimes being frustrated with a lack of some of the diplomacy tools the Ai have, such as the ability to call you out if you have troops surronding their border, and I hope that for Civ 6 the ai is smarter so this artificial difficulty does not need to be added. My final issue with this game is the lack of balance you find in the policy trees, and games can become stale as you do the same optimal opening strategy over and over, now while you can go for a piety start it is rarely worth it unless you're trolling your friends online, or have some incredibly situational strategy. So all in all I think this is a great game for any pc gamer to pick up, and the flaws I mentioned only really become a issue when you've played as many hours as I have, so what are you waiting for go pick yourself up a copy now!
game-hours: 79.7
review: Firaxis games live and die by their expansions, amd Civ V is no exception. The base game feels dumbed-down to appeal to a mass-market boardgaming crowd, and the Gods and Kings expansion adds tacked-on variety but still no depth - systems have no meaningful interaction with each other, and any one decision or strategy feels as good as another, without any lasting consequence. The Brave New World DLC, on the other handm finally gives Civ V the depth you expect from a Civ game, with elegantly interacting system mechanics throughout and actions you take in the Stone Age still delivering payoffs thousands of years later. With Brave New World, Civ V turns from an unfocused and unengaging flop into a must-play strategy title.
game-hours: 403.5
review: I'll tell you what: DON'T BUY IT BECAUSE IT IS TOO AWESOME TO SPEND ALL YOUR ENTIRE LIFE PLAYING IT. The new BNW DLC add a lots of good content and made this Civ5 not only a military-grind game but a more strategic game. You can play it for fun in the prince difficulty and you can challenge yourself in high level difficulties. And it did made me felt challenging, and I cant memorized how much summer class I absented because of it (hahahahaha In a word, this is a very good game. All you need to care is thinking about how to control yourself to stop playing this damn thing.
game-hours: 160.1
review: Awesome strategy game, one of the best I've played so far. First, when I entered the game, I was quite confused with bunch of options, but after a while, things had more sense. The game was made perfectly, with no errors at all, for both, Singleplayer and Multiplayer. Battles, science, culture, wonders, religions, maps, characters, bonuses, expansions, all of them are harmonized magnificently. Playing with friends is exciting, 6 hours marathon escalates quickly. At the end, just one more info, I've been playing Civ5 for almost 7 months and even now, I feel no boredom while playing :) 10/10
game-hours: 105.0
review: this game is amazing, must buy for all PC gamers 9.5/10, very enjoyable, great for multiplayer
game-hours: 256.6
review: Honestly, Civ could very well be one of the best strategy games I've played (though I'm more a fan of the RTS type stuff, if I'm being completely honest). Picked this up randomly due to a friend talking about the previous one, and although the early game is a bit dull and repetitive, it's well worth the time invested. Multiplayer is amazing, giving you more than the stereotypical "kill your enemy by purchasing units" approach that C&C and Stronghold went with; however, that rush attack is still a really viable strategy for the warmongers like myself. ^.^ as much as I've fallen in love with Civ, its diverse victory conditions, and its generally good gameplay, it falls a bit flat for me at points. The graphics will sometimes bug out randomly, though rarely enough to "break" the game. Also, if you're playing offline against computers, you may as well go solely for domination or a quick cultural victory, as diplomacy is non-existent. AI will attack you after you give them trades, return units, and declare friendships, which takes away from the overall experience - so play either hotseat mode with a couple friends or find a few players in the community online to play with if you want to get the most out of it. Prepare for a long game, as Civ can last quite some time. The learning curve isn't so bad, but it's not a jump in and play game for sure - you really need to get the nuances down and read the tooltips that say what things can do (fortunately, the advisors aren't half bad at keeping you posted). All in all, worth the purchase, so go ahead, pick this game up, and see if your civilization can withstand the test of time. Pros: -Awesome gameplay; can win through multiple methods -Graphics are typically good (barring some random sporadic glitches) -Not a steep learning curve - you can get the basics in one or two games tops -Has a hotseat mode for a more "old-school" multiplayer approach (big deal if you have no internet, or want to play with people who don't own the game -Tons of options to change the game as you please (no barbarians, victory types, etc.) -Lot of modded content for those looking to spice the game up Cons: -AI is frustrating; other leaders will go from allied to at war in a matter of seconds for no real reason -Loading times can be long with multiple players -Graphics can bug out at times -Could use a little more variety across the board (just my opinion) -Montezuma. (Go play a round against him, and you'll get that.)
game-hours: 31.1
review: Do not buy this game. Seriously. And that's not meant as a bad thing. Once you start playing this game it will just suck up all your free time. It is way too addicting. If you have lots of free time,this game is a must!
game-hours: 53.5
review: Awesome.
game-hours: 202.3
review: Very good game, reached Perfect with the Expansions. Must buy! Very addictive!
game-hours: 154.0
review: If you loved Civilization I then you will love Civilization V :P
game-hours: 75.4
review: A really fun game to play, used to play this on the xbox (the xbox version) which I used to play all the time when I could or had time, I highly recommend this game to you all if you like long endurance games, where you start of with a group of settlers and grow your empire to be the strongest and rule the world.
game-hours: 18.7
review: Throughly enjoying this one - I'ts not a total war game yet offers a new type of world domination approach. Main objective is to either out science your enemies, defeat on the battlefield, annex or raise thier cities or go diplomatic and ghandi the crap out of everyone with world peace. Building the effiel tower in Hastings, England & having nuclear subs sink ye olde Austrian pirate boats really will give you a feeling no other game can. Likewise, building nukes and dropping them on your enemies from carriers in the ocean, then moving your workers in to scrub the fallout brings new joy to your fingertips. The game is workshop compatible, and the mod community is thriving with new ones to keep you buzzing and the game fresh. That said there is an unholy number of maps, factions, leaders and civilizations to build, destroy, conquer and make your .
game-hours: 50.4
review: This game is such a huge waste of time, you start playing it and next thing you know, a whole week has passed and you've grown a beard and have poostains all over you. I wouldn't want to waste my time any other way. I'm currently sat in hospital for not eating or drinking for a whole week while playing this game but it was worth it. It's my turn now so I must go, I would write more but Gandhi is currently launching nukes at my cities.
game-hours: 285.6
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V is the kind of game that almost anyone can get into, even if you are a diehard FPS player, you will likely find some amusement in this game. Civilization V offers a vast variety of ways to play the game, ranging from a campaign-esque scenario mode, to custom games where you pick and choose your opponents (and possibly allies), what kind of map you will be fighting for, and what you will need to do, to win. Do you want to conquer the world? Get a giant earth map, add a dozen or two opponents and fight for world domination! Do you want to start your own religion and watch it spread across the globe like a true pandemic? Well start one, send off your missionaries and start an inquisition, you will be Supreme Pope of Your-Cult-Name-Here soon! Do you want to play out historical battles throughout the history? Well, not much else to be said than: you can! Some people might enjoy setting the difficulty setting all the way down, and steamrolling their opponents; others might do the opposite and try for the challenge of beating the game with a severe handicap. Playstyle plays a huge part in how you will enjoy Civ5, but once you start a map, it is as if it will never end. The multiplayer aspect of the game has both upsides and downsides, when playing with others you need to coordidnate who does what, and it can trim parts of the game from your own experience (as in, you have to share certain wonders, it is not beneficial to have multiple religions and it will suck fighting for superiority). Beyond that, it can be great divvying up an opponents land between you and your friend, for example. Get Civilization V. It is definitely one of my all-time favorites. /One more turn.
game-hours: 169.6
review: Once you start a game, you'll lose your mind. Just. One. More. Turn.
game-hours: 469.3
review: Its like a chicken
game-hours: 164.2
review: This game is so MUCH FUN!! I bought it before 4 days and i got 23 hours on this 0_0. Just play as your country then destroy everyone :D. I love when other leaders want to kill me but they are too scared to :D. I recommend you to play as arabia it is the beast :). This my first review.
game-hours: 346.6
review: "Just One more Turn!" is Civilizations unofficial motto, anyone who played the game and enjoyed it will understand. Known as the biggest turn-based strategy game today with it's rather unique hexagon tiled playfield, Civilization has entertained many throughout it's lifespan - myself included. I used to play a bunch load of Civilization III as a kid and Civilization V has done a wonderful job of replacing that for the past 4 years. Back in the days, turn-based strategy games were pretty common but today it feels like most games are real-time. Turn-based means you take turns to make your move rather than everyone making them at the same time, like in every traditional board game. Evidently Sid Meier's Civilization V is the fifth game in the series and it has really just gotten better and better by every game, the core mechanics are always there but with some variation between each game. The fanbase is rather scattered when it comes to agreeing on the best Civilization game, a lot of people still prefer Civ IV, personally I love Civ III a lot but Civ V takes the prize. The main problem with Civilization V when it came was the lack of content compared to what Civ IV already had. Today, 4 years later, tons of DLCs and 2 expansions have been released for the game and it finally has more content than it's predecessor. The game is about to create, reign and fulfill a civilization throughout hundreds of years and overcome the obstacles alongside, either online or vs computers. Explore, expand, exploit and exterminate - 4X - is the best way to describe the typical steps when playing a game of Civilization. Explore is for the first section of the game, where you settle your first city and scout the surounding area for resources or opponents. Expand is when your small settlement becomes several, either through settling another one or through conquest. Exploit is the description of diplomacy, treaties, spionage and rigging elections to make your cause the ultimate. Exterminate is pretty obvious, if diplomacy or expantion does not work, take the matter by the sword (or the nuclear warhead). There are 4 way of winning and becoming the master civilization; Cultural, Diplomatic, Scientific and by Domination. Along those victory types are also paths for your civilization to easier obtain said victories. For example; you could focus your empire on trade and become a superpower through riches. Essentially buying votes for a diplomatic victory, units for domination or technology for science. You could also be the founder of a religion and slowly but steadily gain your trust from the people of other civilizations that way. I was hoping to see a pure Economical and Religious victory condition, but sadly there are none. It feels like I have done pretty much everything in Civilization V since it's release but I still get really tempted to get back in there, and just let the hours disappear. Suddenly you sit there, 5 AM in the morning and be like "What the hell just happened? I am not 12 anymore, I have a f*cking job!". I remember when I used to plan my next move during bathroom breaks, I couldn't even think of something else for 5 minutes! "Just One more Turn!" I am really looking forward to Civilization VI and Civilization: Beyond Earth.
game-hours: 68.9
review: My friend Josh really likes this game
game-hours: 750.7
review: Civilization 5 Pros: Turn based strategy, City building, 5 ways to win, large quantity of nations. Cons: Errors, AI Issues Great replay value: One thing Civilization 5 does great is make the game so fun you don't want to quit. You won't want to go to bed, do homework, take a much needed shower or go to work. The truth about this game is that it makes you want to keep playing, you will think to yourself, its 11:30 I need to go to bed, then think i'll be alright one more turn then im done, next time you look at that clock its 5:44 and I have class in three hours. City builder: Something that I love about Civilization 5 is the city building aspect of the game being able to customize what each city produces or specialize that city can give you a huge advantage over your opponents. If you want your city to be able to produce tons of troops or want it to be a mecca for scientific advancement you have the ability to customize, you can make any city what you want or need it to be. Winning: With any game that is a city builder there are many ways to win. My personal favorite is to conquer the world, crushing armies. The feeling when an enemy player comes to you and offers everything they have to save their capital, is the best feeling in the world! Other ways of winning are being the first person to build the space station, or having a culture that influences other nations. One of the hardest victories to achieve is the diplomatic victory, you need to have the rest of the world like you enough to elect you to world leader. Errors/ AI issues: My biggest complaint about this game is the errors that still exist after four years. I wouldnt say its game breaking but very annoying when you have spend five to seven hours and are close to the end game when the game crashes. Then to combine this issue the AI needs to be reworked to make smarter decisions while at war. The AI will continue to suicide units into cities when they could easily take the cities by using archers or other ranged units to weaken the city. Price: Best thing about Civ 5 is that the price. You get a great game that gives you hours if not years of gameplay. Even tho it has been out since 2010 its well worth the asking price, on steam you can pick this game up for $30 or get the complete edition for $40. The complete edition comes with more civs and two expansion packs that add a lot of new gameplay features and just builds on an amazing game!
game-hours: 452.9
review: "Ghandi has completed the Manhattan Project!" NO NO NO NO
game-hours: 96.8
review: The current pinnacle of Firaxis' Civ building genre. Highly recommended, especially with both expansions for a complete experience.
game-hours: 241.1
review: Love this game... I myself am a huge fan of the Civ series
game-hours: 145.1
review: This game is absolutly amazing, definatly a must have 10/10
game-hours: 99.3
review: Great game, the vast amount of ways to win and loose in this game make it full of replayabilitie to play as diffrent civilizations. Games can last for hours and the back stabbing, the secret relations, war, this game is just fantastic. The game can get a little slow in the start, especialy if you are playing alone but it really pics up a few turns in especially if you play with freinds. If you play you will have a complete distaste for Barbarians after you experience this game, 8/10.
game-hours: 705.5
review: Civ 5. Where can I start? Civ 5 is one of those games with everything. Amazing Graphics, In depth gameplay, astounding soundtrack, and a variety of different characters with personalities of their own. I would reccomend this to a friend, definitley. It is definitley worth the money. Can not stop playing. Literally. It is becoming a problem..
game-hours: 574.8
review: Being a strategy game, it is one of my all time favourite games of all time. After the hours I have played, I have become hooked, and can't stop playing. Good Things: The gameplay is fun, You have so many things you can go into, but being the obvious, science, and domination are the main two things to go fourth to. I like that if your computer can not handle the full graphics of the game, or you just want to have a faster, and better view so you can see the resources around you, you can always switch to the "Strategic View" (Pressing F10). Bad Things: It is very TIME CONSUMING, Yet addicting. The amount of time it takes to complete a full game, requires you to play with friends most of the time, and not random people, so you can always save and go back to it any time you want to.
game-hours: 390.5
review: Civilization V is an amazing turn based strategy game in which the goal is to rule the world through battle, culture, science, or diplomacy. The new hexagonal grid tiles allow for much more interesting gameplay than the previous games in the series. The game allows the player to choose from a variety real civilizations, each with their own unique perk, unit, and building. While this game features multiplayer capabilities, the games take a very long time to complete, and take more than most people are willing to invest in a single session. If you do have a lot of free time, it can be very satisfying to dominate the world with or against friends. I'd very highly recommend this game, particularily in conjunction with its downloadable content and expansions.
game-hours: 228.7
review: Great game, I reccomend having patience if you are going to buy this game, A beautiful strategy game of "What-if". For example, what if The Great Wall Of China was made by America? (The Great Wall Of America) Well, that's possible! Watch yourself holding history in your hands and bending it to your will! 10/10 GREAT GAME! :D
game-hours: 252.2
review: Civilization V is by far one of the best Civilization Games I have ever played. The game takes awhile to play through both online and offline but rewards the player with both a sense of progression as the ages unlock and the technology advances. Also the game has multiple ways to win and even if you feel your in the lead in science, a friend can come out of nowhere and hit you with a culture vicotry so you have to not only be productive towards your victory goal but also monitoring all the other victory types to make sure no other civilization completes it before you. I would highly recommend buying the complete pack when it's on sale, so you dont have to worry about dlc issues and not having a civilization that an opposing player wants to play as. The game requires all active players to have the dlc in order to play against eachother and use a dlc civilization so be aware of this if you debating between the base game and it's expansions or the complete pack with all dlc. Hope you enjoy Civilization as my as I do and can't wait for Civilization: Beyond Earth to come out :)...
game-hours: 234.6
review: Keeps me entertained for Hours. Sometimes I forget to eat.
game-hours: 349.6
review: I was gonna stop playing, but then I didn't, and I just kept on no stopping playing... Yeah, I have a problem.
game-hours: 32.3
review: Nuke other great powers as the aztecs and have the same workers for the past 10 thousand years.
game-hours: 174.1
review: Holy cats. Where do I start. If you have never played any of the Civilization games, you are in for a bumpy ride. Once you get the hang of it, though, nothing can stop you. This game is amzing. 9.99/10/ 4.99/5. Whatever. It's awesome. It's like Risk on steroids. But good steroids. Like the kind Barrry Bonds used. Except not. You know what I mean. The DLC makes it even better. The addittion of faith, religions, trade routes, and ing VENICE makes it awesome. I highly reccomend this game. TLDR; OHMYGODOHMYGODOHMYGODBUYBUYBUYBUY
game-hours: 64.7
review: Amazing game, even better when you play with friends. "Just Pure Class" - TSG
game-hours: 47.1
review: Warning!!! This game is ridiculously addictive! I bought this game a while back and never really had a chance to sit down and give it my full attention but when I did decide to do so I was glued to my seat. A playthrough that I originally thought would last a half hour quickly become a 13 hour marathon and after many defeats ( being a noob) I still felt like going back for more, each time being rewarded for my persistence by learning or discovering something new about this wonderful game. If you haven't bought this already, What are you waiting for?
game-hours: 10.9
review: I was so convinced I wouldn't like this. How wrong I was :(
game-hours: 47.1
review: Warning!!! This game is ridiculously addictive! I bought this game a while back and never really had a chance to sit down and give it my full attention but when I did decide to do so I was glued to my seat. A playthrough that I originally thought would last a half hour quickly become a 13 hour marathon and after many defeats ( being a noob) I still felt like going back for more, each time being rewarded for my persistence by learning or discovering something new about this wonderful game. If you haven't bought this already, What are you waiting for?
game-hours: 244.8
review: Ghandi you er.
game-hours: 222.3
review: probably the best turn-based strategy game. it is engrossing and deep - a must play for anyone who's ever enjoyed a strategy game. + hundreds of hours worth of challenging playtime + best combat system of any Civ game yet + you might accidently learn a thing or two - bot AI in co-op multiplayer is broken :( score = 4.5/5
game-hours: 452.9
review: "Ghandi has completed the Manhattan Project!" NO NO NO NO
game-hours: 96.8
review: The current pinnacle of Firaxis' Civ building genre. Highly recommended, especially with both expansions for a complete experience.
game-hours: 64.7
review: Amazing game, even better when you play with friends. "Just Pure Class" - TSG
game-hours: 174.3
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V really changed my opinion about strategy simulation games. This game is very diverse and no two games are alike. You start out as a civilization with one city and you slowly build your way up to be the dominator, the diplomatic leader, or the first to finish the Space Race. Not only all this but it is historically accurate!
game-hours: 19.2
review: If you lost this in HB sales, you lost your gaming world. Basically I ask to myself why they did not included the BNW Expansion, but... No matter, still be the best strategy game I ever played. I had to make a choose, at 3am, my bed or CiV, and... I miss my bed.
game-hours: 76.4
review: Probably the best strategy game to approach with a group of friends with the intention of partaking in a saga of epic battles and journeys to conquest, and probably the best strategy game that amounts to simply flubbing around with your friends in merely a matter of minutes. Games are rather slow even on the fast game settings (stay away from 'Epic' if you value your lifespan,) and playing with that one guy that always takes at least 5 minutes to finish his turn can be very much agonising (think five player chess wait times.) The payoff however, more than makes up for it. The feeling of carrying your army across the continent to royally screw over your friend who you were suppossedly 'allied' with is like none other, as is launching a nuke at every neighbouring country and bribing Chengis Khan to mount an attack at the Vatican. Rounds may take a few hours, but you'll be talking about them for the next week. Fans of the previous Civ games may however be a little disappointed with this edition as it seems a few majorly awesome mechanics have been removed (along with with a whole bunch of not so awesome mechanics.) Even religions are nowhere to be found within Vanilla but thankfully both Brave New World and Gods and Kings restore all that was missing to make Civ V as great as its predecessors. Between some fantastic DLC and Steam Workshop functionality (YOU CAN PLAY AS CTHULU IN THE WORLD OF TAMRIEL AND FOUND PASTAFASTARIANISM) Civ may not be a 'perfect' game to please all but it's certainly as close as it gets in terms of Civilisation.
game-hours: 174.1
review: Holy cats. Where do I start. If you have never played any of the Civilization games, you are in for a bumpy ride. Once you get the hang of it, though, nothing can stop you. This game is amzing. 9.99/10/ 4.99/5. Whatever. It's awesome. It's like Risk on steroids. But good steroids. Like the kind Barrry Bonds used. Except not. You know what I mean. The DLC makes it even better. The addittion of faith, religions, trade routes, and ing VENICE makes it awesome. I highly reccomend this game. TLDR; OHMYGODOHMYGODOHMYGODBUYBUYBUYBUY
game-hours: 176.6
review: I get to play as Russia settling in South Africa while attempting to build the Pyramids. 10/10 No but really, this game is pretty addicting. As there is little to no actual historical accuracy it does a great job of familiarizing you with ancient wonders, different civilizations, and ideologies. The game is great and has a lot of different things to try. Maybe one day you want to play with only Native American factions while playing on a Great Plains map; maybe another day you want to play with only the European powers on an archipelago map. Or maybe you just want to play as a faction and see how fast you can get Modern infantry and straight dominate a hunter/gatherer faction. This game has it all. With added mod support via Steam Workshop, there is always something or someone new to try out.
game-hours: 56.0
review: This game is a masterpiece. Go Buy It.
game-hours: 198.7
review: Only play if avaliable to play for more than 10 hours, otherwise don't bother buying.
game-hours: 989.9
review: Just .... one.... more....turn....
game-hours: 390.5
review: Civilization V is an amazing turn based strategy game in which the goal is to rule the world through battle, culture, science, or diplomacy. The new hexagonal grid tiles allow for much more interesting gameplay than the previous games in the series. The game allows the player to choose from a variety real civilizations, each with their own unique perk, unit, and building. While this game features multiplayer capabilities, the games take a very long time to complete, and take more than most people are willing to invest in a single session. If you do have a lot of free time, it can be very satisfying to dominate the world with or against friends. I'd very highly recommend this game, particularily in conjunction with its downloadable content and expansions.
game-hours: 76.2
review: 10/10
game-hours: 234.6
review: Keeps me entertained for Hours. Sometimes I forget to eat.
game-hours: 23.1
review: If you like strategy games like XCOM. Buy it. If you like PEW PEW games. Buy It. If you don't have cash get a friend to gift it to you.
game-hours: 965.3
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V is the best strategy game I've played. The new hex grid tile system works extremely well for combat, allowing for a much more strategic, intellectual battle. Sadly, the game doesn't fully feel complete without both the Gods & Kings and Brave New World DLC packs. G&K's revamps the technology tree, adds more buildings, units, and civilizations, includes an espionage system, and adds a religion system to the game. BNW adds a new cultural system/victory, new civilizations, ideologies, trade routes, and a world congress. Both DLC packs are a must-have for the full, complete experience. Be prepared to be a victim of "just one more turn".
game-hours: 56.0
review: This game is a masterpiece. Go Buy It.
game-hours: 555.9
review: This is a fantastic game with BNW. This is an alright game with G&K. This is a flatout broken game with Vanilla.
game-hours: 23.1
review: If you like strategy games like XCOM. Buy it. If you like PEW PEW games. Buy It. If you don't have cash get a friend to gift it to you.
game-hours: 965.3
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V is the best strategy game I've played. The new hex grid tile system works extremely well for combat, allowing for a much more strategic, intellectual battle. Sadly, the game doesn't fully feel complete without both the Gods & Kings and Brave New World DLC packs. G&K's revamps the technology tree, adds more buildings, units, and civilizations, includes an espionage system, and adds a religion system to the game. BNW adds a new cultural system/victory, new civilizations, ideologies, trade routes, and a world congress. Both DLC packs are a must-have for the full, complete experience. Be prepared to be a victim of "just one more turn".
game-hours: 232.2
review: Do not purchase this game if you want to do anything else. Prepare to wonder where the time went, wonder why you havent eaten all day, and wonder what that stain on your chair is. Civ 5 is the ultimate time sink, even more so than any illegitimate children you might have. Barbies OP.
game-hours: 17.9
review: Today i come with you to tell you about the very dangrous very evil Ghandi. Ghandi is a evil mastermind with a very aggressave nature. He will minipulate races to war he will nuke the world and not care if he dies in the prosess because he just wants you to die. If you see one of these nasty animal im sorry but you are to far gone. Do not try and make peace with this thing right when you think your safe he will do everything in his power to kill you and he will. Good luck with your citys young children and remember stay clear from Ghandi and do not interact with it or face the power of his mightyness. 11/10 Would nuke again. Goodbye,With much love to you and your people Wildcat.
game-hours: 50.7
review: If you don't like going outside, you dislike having friends, and want to either be nuked by Ghandi and his legion of death robots or conquer the world as Ghandi, this is the game for you. If you want to rewrite history and lead Atilla and his Huns to religious dominance by founding Christianity as a peace-loving people, this is the game for you. If you want to find out what it'd be like if a civilization had discovered how to make rifles and tanks while everyone else on the planet is still waving pointy metal sticks at each other, this is the game for you. If none of these things apply to you, you're probably dead inside. And even then, this is still the game for you.
game-hours: 76.2
review: 10/10
game-hours: 264.1
review: This is the game of realism. Prepare to get nuked by Ghandi, owned by barbarians on the year 1890 and be friends with russia.
game-hours: 487.7
review: I played as Korea, and nuked America. 10/10
game-hours: 228.7
review: Great game, I reccomend having patience if you are going to buy this game, A beautiful strategy game of "What-if". For example, what if The Great Wall Of China was made by America? (The Great Wall Of America) Well, that's possible! Watch yourself holding history in your hands and bending it to your will! 10/10 GREAT GAME! :D
game-hours: 252.2
review: Civilization V is by far one of the best Civilization Games I have ever played. The game takes awhile to play through both online and offline but rewards the player with both a sense of progression as the ages unlock and the technology advances. Also the game has multiple ways to win and even if you feel your in the lead in science, a friend can come out of nowhere and hit you with a culture vicotry so you have to not only be productive towards your victory goal but also monitoring all the other victory types to make sure no other civilization completes it before you. I would highly recommend buying the complete pack when it's on sale, so you dont have to worry about dlc issues and not having a civilization that an opposing player wants to play as. The game requires all active players to have the dlc in order to play against eachother and use a dlc civilization so be aware of this if you debating between the base game and it's expansions or the complete pack with all dlc. Hope you enjoy Civilization as my as I do and can't wait for Civilization: Beyond Earth to come out :)...
game-hours: 555.9
review: This is a fantastic game with BNW. This is an alright game with G&K. This is a flatout broken game with Vanilla.
game-hours: 100.1
review: there is but one thing you need to know: befriend gandhi or perish
game-hours: 90.1
review: Japan used music to make everyone wear their blue jean. 5/5 shilkworms recommend this game
game-hours: 87.0
review: There's something deeply wrong with Ghandi's AI, the fact that he nukes everyone when he gets the chance makes this the most accurate representation of historical events on steam.
game-hours: 60.7
review: Ghandi with nukes. 10/10
game-hours: 17.7
review: Do you like: Buning tiny cities? Obliterating other cites with nukes and giant robots? Domiating other players and elimiating them form the game? If yes: Buy this and get a domination victory.
game-hours: 84.4
review: Civ 5 is an amazing high definition strategy game which requires a lot of thinking and skill. I have been led into massive wars and online multiplayer with friends is just pure fun. You start in the ancient era and can end up researching all the way into the future era! Massive full scale wars never fail to impress me and the multiple different ways of winning is very interesting. I still have yet to go through all the paths of winning! 9.2/10
game-hours: 1074.3
review: Have you ever sat down and thought how cool it would be to run an empire? well in this game you can!
game-hours: 241.1
review: This game definitely has the potential to be (one of) the best strategy game(s) of all times, but is one example of a messed up DLC policy. Their are literally hundreds of purchasalbe DLCs. Buy them in a bundle to save money.
game-hours: 597.5
review: Pros: I can play this game casually and competitively All the civs mean you can have alot of replayability I personally find this fun and can play it in long sessions Mods are fun Simple learning curve Cons: If you plan to play multiplayer games then you have to buy dlc's which is expensive. Bugs are rare but they can be game breaking and barely fixed Overall a great game 9/10
game-hours: 242.3
review: This is how Tony Abbot got his primeminister training. 10/10
game-hours: 315.4
review: A fantastic game, well worth buying it. Best played with all DLC and a bunch of friends.
game-hours: 376.4
review: If Montezuma's in one of your games, you better bloody prepare for war, cause it's coming about one turn after he meets you.
game-hours: 200.9
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V vainilla sucks hard but with both expansions it's a pretty good game. I suggest you to buy the whole thing or not buying it at all since without the expansions there will be no religion, no espionage and the diplomacy will be pretty broken too, making the game kind of unplayable. Three weak spots: 1-You can not found companies like in CIvilization IV Beyond the Sword. 2-Edit: Warmongering is super tricky and difficult now. 3-The "Empire happiness" system was improved a lot but it's still illogical, since every city should have his own level of happiness like in Civilization III or Civilization IV, you could have an empire happiness level system but it should be regulated from the individual level of happiness of every city. Let's say you have an empire with 2 cities, Lisboa and Oporto. If Oporto is under siege it's logical that the happiness of Oporto drops and than that deteriorates it's growth, commerce and productivity but why should Lisboa which is very far away from the warfront be upset about it? Let's be real, every city has it's own problems, should there be factors that deteriorate the happiness of ALL cities? YES, like nuclear war, declaring war against civilizations with the same idiology or religion but happiness should not be only global, the fact that you build a circus in Oporto does not make Lisboa any better, it makes no sense. If Lisboa is overpopulated let Lisboa be upset and unhappy about it but it's madness that because one overpopulated city the whole productivity of your empire drops. Said that, this game is good stuff, good graphics, good combat system (even better that Civilization IV), decent diplomacy, no bugs at all, very nice multiplayer, all civilizations are good but England and France.
game-hours: 117.1
review: Tis goooded
game-hours: 40.9
review: Lobby Simulator 2014 would press ready again 11/10
game-hours: 69.1
review: Imagine this, it's 7:20 am, and you lasted 6 hours while Gandhi is right next to you. He decides to nuke you so hard your internet crashes. 10/10 Would get nuked again.
game-hours: 91.3
review: "morocco gets suicide bombers" - matt
game-hours: 462.1
review: 10/10 would bang.
game-hours: 176.8
review: mmm tacos
game-hours: 64.5
review: Fun for all the family (and friends (actually primarily friends (actually this really isnt fun for all the family (it'll make you hate each other, and everyone knows, you only want to hate your friends))))!
game-hours: 56.3
review: I ruled the world as a fascist Germany and steam rolled England, Russia, and America with nukes and Giant Death Robots. 8/10
game-hours: 211.4
review: Civilization V is probably one of the best turn based strategy games out there. Singleplayer works great, but the multiplayer is quite buggy sometimes. It still might be worth the purchase for you if you enjoy building your civilization.
game-hours: 205.1
review: Easily recommend this game and a must for anyone who enjoys strategy games. Not a steep learning curve, very easy to get into it and learn the game, but there is a lot of more in depth things which give a lot more control, like manual citizen management. Love this game, definitely one of my favourites.
game-hours: 194.4
review: Sick plays by Gandhi. - Dank m8
game-hours: 51.1
review: get the complete edition... its fukken worth it eventho you already has the base game with some DLC...
game-hours: 165.9
review: Great game, 10/10 but fix the mother ing connection issues in multiplayer please!
game-hours: 2469.5
review: Played for years. one 4x gamer will have fun with all DLC. nice art and music. high replay potencial even after completing the game.
game-hours: 27.5
review: Quad nuke a empire. 10/10
game-hours: 129.5
review: BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARE GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD
game-hours: 17.5
review: How can you not be overwhelmed by Civilization V? It's a perfect example of a series that's getting close to perfection, step by step. The new improvements are great and feel like they've been there all along. A must-buy for the fans and a great way for newcomers to finally get familiar with the series.
game-hours: 258.8
review: Found tanks and infantry weapons inside of ancient ruins 10/10
game-hours: 525.0
review: never have i ever controlled 19th century germany through confucianism 10/10
game-hours: 3195.1
review: A must-buy for any serious gamer, how to take over the world in under 500 turns; many units, many tech's, infiite ways to build your civilization ! Since I bought this game, (and its add-ons; Gods and Kings, and Brave New World) I have not spent any money on other games !! If the wife hears about this, she's gonna want HER cut of my savings !!!
game-hours: 21.7
review: that grin that ghandi has, is the grin of no mercy.
game-hours: 8.4
review: Ive just bought the game, and now its 3:48 AM, thats lovely.
game-hours: 310.4
review: On the whole, Sid Meier's Civilization V is one of the best strategy games I have ever played.
game-hours: 17.4
review: I love this game more than ghandi loves neuclear weapons 10/10
game-hours: 336.3
review: Very acceptable
game-hours: 204.4
review: got it drunk played it sober great game!
game-hours: 395.5
review: Civilization 5 is an amazing strategy game. Definitely one of the best strategy games out there. The best game I have ever played in my life.
game-hours: 101.3
review: ing great but don't ever play it with friends because you will hate them by the end of the game
game-hours: 76.3
review: strengthening friendships/10
game-hours: 110.9
review: I can't remember what "outside," is.
game-hours: 11.9
review: I started playing it was day time when I finished playing it was dark outside sun where did you go?
game-hours: 268.1
review: game so good I forgot how to breath
game-hours: 149.3
review: Built Taj Mahal , Pyramids Of Giza , Eiffel Tower in New York . (10/10)
game-hours: 115.7
review: Hi, I'm Jlrantz and I like this game.
game-hours: 11.9
review: Do you like turn-based strategy games? If the answer is YES, then this is the game that you must play!
game-hours: 16.4
review: Just...one... more...turn..... 11/10
game-hours: 178.0
review: you can play this game for 12 hours and still not finish
game-hours: 21.1
review: ing polygons
game-hours: 1121.9
review: This is definitely the culmination of the Civilization franchise, can't wait to go to space next... but until then... just one more turn.
game-hours: 247.8
review: Lose the nuclear arms race to Ghandi 11/10 would play forever... IF I COULD
game-hours: 574.1
review: Great strategy game, looking forward to the next one in the series.
game-hours: 42.0
review: Very fun! Very real. I love how it is base on real civilizations. Buy it now! 5/5 uh... I don't know for this one so... 5/5 stars!
game-hours: 196.8
review: Fun game as well very long gameplay only one thing its more fun to play with friends.
game-hours: 67.7
review: I have read alot about dont trust Ghandi and i get it. The guy is an  in this game. One moment you two are peace buddies and the next he is launching nukes at you while creating an alliance with Ghengis Khan to  and pillage your cities. Oh and by the way dont piss off the City States. And if you do make sure to take all of them over or they will band together as a nation to destroy you. And then Ghandi sits in the corner laughing at you. Because thats what Ghandi does. He lets everyone else kill eachother then nukes the survivors. You hear that noise? Its the sound of screams from the Nuclear blast and Nuclear fallout which Ghandi interprets as forgiveness. Long story short dont let Ghandi get the nuke.
game-hours: 119.0
review: With the expansions, Civilization V is one of the best strategy games ever made. I can't recommend it highly enough!
game-hours: 1051.2
review: <3
game-hours: 213.2
review: I thoroughly recommend Sid Meier's Civilization V, as it provides literally hundreds of hours of captivating entertainment at the expense of a mere 40 Earth Dollars. You can have endless fun attacking your (not really) best friends with nuclear weapons of mass destruction, destroying all of their tiresome efforts in one fell swoop. I don't recommend doing that last part too much, as, judging from personal experience, it can tend to provoke suicidal thoughts in the victim's mind. Other than that, it's pretty  and overpriced.
game-hours: 60.4
review: Amazingly time wasting game
game-hours: 49.4
review: Best Vanilla Srategy Game 10/10
game-hours: 85.8
review: this be good
game-hours: 1.4
review: -
game-hours: 11.2
review: One of the best Civ games out there, I wont debate with you why I think its one of the best, but I will concede that its has to be at least in the top 3 Sid Meier games. I dont think I have to explain why I love Civilization games, I mean Civ 1 came out in 1991 and Sid Meier has been making games since 1982 (thanks Wikipedia for having a Sid Meier page) Overall Civilization games have been one of my favorite strategy games out there and I hope that the upcoming Civilization: Beyond Earth (can anyone say Alpha Centauri?) is also a smashing success!
game-hours: 87.0
review: Great strategy, although some glitches if you are running an extremely long game. My friends and I hotseat alot on his computer and I finally bought it for solo play. Great game
game-hours: 39.1
review: If you want a game to eat your afternoons away, this is the perfect game for you. No other game has made me play it for 6 hours straight and not checking the time until after I'm done.
game-hours: 23.9
review: Do you like playing games for >10 hours on end without stopping because you just have to build that last road, or take down that one city, or finally stop Gandhi from his scheming tricks? THEN BUY THIS GAME 10/10 Best Turn-Based Strategy All Time
game-hours: 664.3
review: Make sure you stock your food pile. keep it near the computer before download comences, otherwise you should have an amazing time!
game-hours: 134.7
review: Amazing. A blast with friends. Conquering and crusading for your glorious nation and renaming every city something silly is one of the best things to happen to gaming. 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 59.5
review: Amazingly fun game. Easy to get in to. Easy to lose track of time to aswell haha.
game-hours: 118.7
review: One more turn...
game-hours: 278.8
review: This game is fun to play when your trying to burn time
game-hours: 238.4
review: I'm in danger of failing my college classes becuase of this. 10/10
game-hours: 117.8
review: Easier to stop eating Pringles than playing this game.
game-hours: 223.5
review: 10/10 Would nuke again. -Gandhi
game-hours: 456.3
review: Very addictive. I launched a rocket as the Mongols in one game and got nuked by the Mayans in the next one. Then I downloaded a Mod and curbstomped the Greeks as a country led by Akemi Homura. None of that makes even the slightest bit of sense, but I love it. Some High Number/10, excellent game.
game-hours: 144.5
review: 50 Hours into your latest save, all is going well. Only 3 leaders left Gandhi, Caesar and Washington. you draft an 'end game' plan in your mind, you will make friends with Gandhi (for obvious reasons he's chill) then procede to befriend Caesar. Then you will take out Washington because he is a  and did not accept an open border agreement 3000 years prior HE MUST PAY. 20 turns later all is going to plan, we are now on Washingtons doorstep, Gandhi and Caesar appear to love and probably fear your superpower nation. All we need to do is eliminate the pesky Americans and ith all our military now on American soil this should not take long. Then after the swift invasion of America we will make a vote for world peace at the U.N (in rome of course) with our new found Indian and Roman brethren it is a sure win! But all of a sudden the distant droning of nuclear sirens start, quickly they become louder and louder, "what is this!?" you think to yourself, a false alarm? You shrug it off maybe Caesae bombing a city state. The game pauses... Gandhi appears on the screen, with a sinister grin he shouts "WAR" in your face. Only seconds after you see a gut wrenching sight. The camera focuses on a nuclear submarine stationed just off the coast of your pride and joy, the capital of your glorious nation. You then hear a rumble, just seconds after a nuclear warhead emerges from the previously hidden submarine, you realise it is too late... you can only watch as the missle closes in. As your city goes up in a giant cloud there are short lived screams from your beloved people, then silence. Before what had just occurred had sunk in, before you could make rescue efforts to save your much loved citizens the humming of quiet engines fall upon your ears. Suddenly countless 'stealth bombers' appear seemingly out of no where, soon the sky is blackened by planes, the game falls almost silent only the whistle of falling bombs remains. You faint from the shock of what is unfolding. You awake shortly after, Gandhi is still flattening what remains of your once prosperous empire, now with 'giant death robots' making the most of his seemingly never ending turn. As Gandhi clinically and relentlessly razes what's left of your broken nation all you can do is weep, your people hacked down in their prime and your glorious nation so mighty just minutes before has just been been all but eliminated in 1 turn. Why oh why did you turn of autosave? did it really speed your game up? was it worth it? Ghandi is a complete , he acts like your friend but WILL nuke the  out of you if even the slightest oppurtunity presents itself. 10/10
game-hours: 2600.5
review: I only played a little but it was fun.
game-hours: 316.9
review: It's like crack. You keep telling yourself 'just one more turn'. but then you realize you've been sitting in your underwear for for 36 hours and you've forgotten to check on your wife who gave birth to your baby last night.
game-hours: 3979.9
review: Made me obsessed, destroyed my social life, gave me and irrational fear of Gandhi. and made me invest countless hours into destroying civilizations. 12/10 potatoes
game-hours: 14.1
review: When Gandhi or Ethiopia comes to your doorstep with gifts of gold, dyes, and ivory, take my advice. Ready all your tanks and nukes, arm them, AND SHOOT THEM LIKE YOUR LIFE DEPENDS ON IT. They are evil, traitorous demons. NEVER TRUST THEM. However, Genghis Khan is my best friend. He came up to me and was all like, "De full do bu la chi mendo." And I said, "Okay! Let's be friends!" I can never understand that guy, but something about our relationship just works. Ghandi Hating Simulator 2014 11/10
game-hours: 126.6
review: -playing as the US -explores and finds siam -befriends siam -finds greece -greece is a  and invades -gets in a war with greece -takes 2 greek cities and returnes the rest -greece is happy -sails to new lands and finds all other nations -befirends russia and china -gets in a foolish war with siam not knowing that every nation exept china and russia is friends with siam -feels sad because everyone hates me -makes peace with siam because im feeling guilty for being a warmonger -people start being nice to me -feels happy, only germany and arabia are guarded, everyone else is friendly -china asked me to declaire war on arabia even though he has done nothing to me -I decline because Ive decided to be an example to the civilized world -china declares war on and denounces me -germany declares war on me -every nation on earth exept for russia declaires war on me -me and russia vs. the world -I have 3 nukes and no one else has any -cant make myself use them -steamroll enemy city states south of me -steamroll greece to the north -steamroll native american settlements on some islands near me -siam discovers urainum -siam is confirmed to have nuclear power plant -must stop siam from getting nukes -US gunships race to punch a hole in siams defences -all reserve units are embarked for the invasion with destroyer escorts -gunships meet uber heavy resistance -invasion due in 2 turns -russia is being cut off from US aid -sends paratroopers to break the siege of moscow -fails due to being outnumbered 20:1 -D-Day in siam -steamrolls siam until only capital left -no sign of atomic weapons -100,000 troops surrounding the capital -air raid sirens -siam nukes himself four times along with most of my troops -paras mop up and capture the capital -sad music -all other nations in shock -we mourn our fallen troops -all nations make peace in the next 4 turns -we all are sad -decides war must end for good -changes course for diplomatic victory -starts work on UN -becomes allies with 19 city states -all nations live in realitive peace -finishes UN -wins vote -wins game 10/10 no feels like this in a game before.
game-hours: 51.1
review: You'll decide to play for an hour and you'll realize four days later that your wife left you, but you're so close to killing that scumbag Gandhi that it doesn't even matter. 20/10
game-hours: 152.8
review: Never. Trust. Ghandi.
game-hours: 40.9
review: Don't attempt to play this before going to bed.
game-hours: 444.1
review: Say goodbye to your life.
game-hours: 55.4
review: Simply, the best. now i need just one more turn
game-hours: 259.3
review: A truly awesome and addictive game. Once you pick it up, you cannot put it down and you cannot stop thinking about it when you take a little break from it. One Sunday morning I decided to play it. Once I finished up, I realised my day was gone. The game is somewhat slow, but I hear it's DLC "Brave New World" speeds it up a bit. I find no cons in this game. 10/10
game-hours: 27.1
review: Just buy it its very good game cant stop playing
game-hours: 457.8
review: Civ 3 was my first taste of the series and it's been a journey watching this franchise grow. Each release is innovative and makes the game that much more fun to play. Civ 5 has been by far the best in my opinion. I will be playing this game for a long time.
game-hours: 88.8
review: Fun game that you can play for hours on end and never get bored.
game-hours: 271.6
review: This is quite possibly the world's best and most addictive game and I highly recomend that you buy this game right now.
game-hours: 221.7
review: whcih civilization should i pick i cant decide
game-hours: 38.5
review: in get this ing game you ing s.
game-hours: 343.8
review: It's just so HEXY!! I love it!
game-hours: 55.2
review: OMG HELP ME I CANT STOP PLAYING HOLY  IS GOOD.
game-hours: 342.7
review: It's gettin hot in here, so take of all yo clothes. I won.
game-hours: 759.4
review: I'll keep this short and sweet. I never played Civ games for more than a few tries here and there over the years. I never played the original one mind you, but I played 2-4. I appreciate the genre, I grew up on board games like risk so this is nothing new to me. All that being said, I now love Civ. It may have taken 5 games to get there, but I am hooked. I have spent many hours dominating the world, I will spend many more again. Buy this, you won't regret it.
game-hours: 147.4
review: This is definitley one of the best Strategy Games I've ever played. And the fact that it's modable just makes it so much better. I might be new to Civ but if you love Strategy, get this game. It's worth every cent. Although if you want (cuz it's pretty expensive with the expansion packs) then wait until there is a sale. Then you can buy the Gold edition. Having an expansion pack adds so much to the gameplay. Either wait or buy now, but once you do buy it, well, ENJOY!
game-hours: 166.1
review: The One Game. The Best Game. 10/10
game-hours: 42.9
review: Civilization V is an immensely popular Steam game, and rightly so. Its 'Just one more turn!' brilliance is down to lots of brilliant options to customise your game and an abudance of great mods to add for further customization, no playthrough is ever the same. I would recommend this game to anyone interested in history, geography, or just strategy games in general; its realism is sufficient yet not so much as to be boring. First-rate game in my opinion. I would recommend that you buy the gold/complete edition if you are serious about playing the game. It gives you the nice DLC's that are really worth their money.
game-hours: 103.8
review: Great game, buy it. Now! :)
game-hours: 55.5
review: Great game, and gets better with expansions.
game-hours: 177.8
review: Civilization V is as much a lateral step away from the complicated nature of Civ IV as it is a step forward in the franchise's vaunted history. Most importantly, after 18 months, Civ 5 has improved dramatically from the game it was upon release. The AI is improved, key game concepts have been buffed and nerfed, as needed. And there is welcome, but not critical, DLC. What I love about this version: hex-based game board for more natural movement. No more stacks of doom. Global happiness. No tech trading. Drastically improved AI relations. Improved event notification system means you never miss a beat. What I dislike: The tech tree has been significantly flattened from Civ 4. Tech and Culture victories are terribly boring to achieve: hunker down, press "next turn", repeat 200 times. Overreliance on gold farming to buy off all problems. Overall - a successful attempt to streamline gameplay without removing core elements. Civ 5 is a success, and I welcome the coming expansion(s).
game-hours: 45.2
review: Fun game. I usually play under a different account so not all my hours are logged here. Lots of replay value -- games always feel different and there's no 'one way' to win.
game-hours: 210.4
review: Just one more turn before bed. Just one more, man. Just one turn. 6 hours later, still playing Civ. 9/10.
game-hours: 746.9
review: This game is brilliant. My PC isn't the best, so I decided I'd give the demo a go. It gives just enough to make you really want to see more. I picked up the Gold version of the game and had a lot of fun with that, but I would really advise getting the Brave New Wolrd expansion too. It adds great new systems to the game. There isn't really anything else I can say that a go at the demo wouldn't say other than if you get this game, get Brave New World too.
game-hours: 241.9
review: great library = i win also  egypt
game-hours: 135.8
review: This is a vast game, with the highest replay value of any other I have ever played. The differences among civilizations range from slim to huge, and they all have a very unique style of gameplay. Put in the many factors that can be modified before a game session, such as map size and resource abundance, and you'll find yourself living with this game for a long time. Big points for the soundtrack and graphics as well. The AI is really well adjusted too, compared to older versions of Civilization. It is now possible to actually stand a chance playing in the hardest settings and still feels rewarding if you lose and yet tried your best. There is nothing left to say other than... play this game!!! Oh and get the expansions too!
game-hours: 698.3
review: I've whiled away many an hour playing every version of this game. Civ V has it's detractors among those who want a highly detailed wargame along the lines of Civ IV, but I like it's focus on immersion and versatility. It's still not the perfect version of the game it wants to be, but Brave New World is a giant leap toward that ideal. The layers of possibilities for your Civilization have never been so diverse and interesting. All hail the King of Turn-Based Strategy!
game-hours: 79.4
review: Its a great game and I can spend tons of hours on it creating different scenarios for myself
game-hours: 73.6
review: A quick paced game at first, as it progresses you must constantly adapt and change your stategem in order to survive.
game-hours: 76.0
review: This ... Game ..... Is .... Epic! It's complex at first but REALLY fun!
game-hours: 620.7
review: Buy this and the Brave New World expansion 7/10 Civ V 9/10 Civ V+ Brave New World
game-hours: 150.7
review: Great game, if you have time. You could easily spend 48 hours straight on this game. Workshop support is fun, though not all of the mods really work that well. Also, seems to have optimization issues, can run on almost any comp within the last few years on low, but high seems to have trouble on even dedicated gaming comps. Also the more turns have passed, the more time it takes for the cpus to take their turn. Like I would get over a minuite sometimes. Also, the game isn't quite complete without the dlc sadly. The dlc adds a great number of features, fixes, ect, but should have been a free update. You can however get it pretty cheap if you check the steam sales.
game-hours: 276.5
review: This game will test your trust bonds with your friends
game-hours: 109.0
review: Really fun, and really addicting once you really get into it.
game-hours: 424.4
review: Having alot of fun playing this game.
game-hours: 242.9
review: One More Turn
game-hours: 422.3
review: I really like that part of oldest "sitcom" in history of game development... ). So, guys, just try and enjoy that stuff. If u will play with friends, u will find great timekiller and funny moments in that game. ). Civilization V back us to classic hexagons rather than Civ IV. It's first good sign. 2. Great multiplayer mode. 3. Great scenarios for lone wolves. 4. Extended settings for your own game. 5. Recommended by time. ). 6. Of course, i love that soundtrack. Great work by composers. 7. I think that game HAVE balance. All nations have own bonuses. Choice what u like and beat your opponents. 8. For newbies  easy to learn. Omg... It's just Civilization, what i can say more?! And... Only one bad sign i can say about Civ V  cropped release version... Because, if you want religion  you will need to buy DLC Gods & Kings... Nobody like that marketing politic. Cheers, Mazy.
game-hours: 58.2
review: :)
game-hours: 69.8
review: I played it and gahndi nuked me
game-hours: 102.3
review: Just. Awesome. Anyone who missed the humble bundle for this... you should be
game-hours: 227.1
review: I've invested 1/3 of my life into this game.
game-hours: 56.3
review: Best turn based game on the market. I'm Batman
game-hours: 65.6
review: Go from being great friends to ing hating eachother. Would recommend
game-hours: 195.7
review: Its like crack. There.
game-hours: 83.3
review: WOW! SKYRIM 2D! MUST BUY! EVER FUN! WON 2 TURNS! NO DOGES?
game-hours: 41.2
review: YOU NAPOLEON!
game-hours: 17.7
review: You're gonna screw up your roads. I guarantee it.
game-hours: 203.6
review: Friendly AI prepared to backstab you at every turn. 11/10 would get fukt again.
game-hours: 52.0
review: For those that enjoy playing strategic war/non-war games will like this. Might not be as in depth like other stratergy games like Europa Universalis 4 but an enjoyable pass time.
game-hours: 337.6
review: Rule 1 of Civ 5: NEVER TRUST AGUSTUS CEASAR. that dude make some good salad, but he will murder you and everything you love.
game-hours: 152.6
review: Buy it. Just do it. Tis worth every penny from the hours of gameplay you gain from it
game-hours: 23.9
review: If you like having you're  split open then you'll love this
game-hours: 114.3
review: AMAZING GAME! All of the replay value ever, each game is different, great AI, game looks very nice as an added bonus. A must get, 'nuff said
game-hours: 279.9
review: SID MEIER DUN DID IT AGAIN - ANUTHER GREAT GAME
game-hours: 99.1
review: Are you a megalomaniac? Do you enjoy thinking of the best way to achieve your global domination goals? Do you revel in your insomnia? If so, you've found your game.
game-hours: 79.5
review: I've always wanted to fight Gandhi with nukes, and so has he. This game was made for the two of us.
game-hours: 82.4
review: Honestly? Yes, I do reccomend it to any MMO Board game fans or Strategy players out there. Civ V is a time-eating game, it's a game you can casually playand check your emails/facebook while playing, but thatdoesnt mean the game isn't intense, whenever I sit down to play a game of Civ for a few minutes, I end up spending my whole day building my civillization. This game also has great tool-tips and UI. I mastered the game without the need of tutuorial but there areadvisor-in-game diologues that explain everything. (These can be disabled.) In all fairness, I give this game a 8.5 out of 10, buy this game, it's worth every single penny.
game-hours: 50.8
review: Civilization V is a very fun strategy game. You choose a country which you are the great leader of such as George Washington for U.S.A, and Elizabeth for England. You try to build a strong civilization. You can win five different ways: using diplomacy, using millitary, using science, using culture, or just having your civilization have the highest score by 2050.
game-hours: 946.1
review: You will lose countless hours in "Taking another turn."
game-hours: 231.7
review: Possibly one of the greatest Strategy Simulation games. Less complex than Civilization 4 but doesn't take anything away from it. Game is a great time sink and enjoyable on many levels.
game-hours: 216.2
review: Amazing game. Not only does Civ V rise up to the expectations of series, it exceeeds them.While the army stacking may be a small flaw, other features including simplified diplomacy and improved interface make the issue almost non-existant. If you played a perivous issue of the series or are a fan of strategy in any sort, pick up a copy of this game ASAP.
game-hours: 527.3
review: 10/10, 500+ hours, still kept my job
game-hours: 197.4
review: Ty's Fat
game-hours: 22.5
review: great turn based strategy game
game-hours: 95.5
review: Strategy fanatics have lost hundreds of hours of their lives to Sid Meier's beguiling creations over the years, and they should prepare to lose hundreds more. Civilization V is yet another glistening example of turn-based bliss that will keep you up long past your bedtime. It exercises its power over your mind using many of the tricks the series has long been known for: varied ways of accomplishing your goal of world domination, the thrill of expanding a paltry city into a bustling empire, and the suspense of venturing into unknown territory. The latest Civilization game takes those basics and layers onto them new features that make moment-to-moment gameplay feel more dynamic than in the past. Most noticeably, the square grids of previous Civilization games have been jettisoned in favor of hexagons that nicely accommodate the other most consequential transformations: Military units can no longer be stacked, and ranged units can fire from multiple tiles away. The tactical combat that rises from these modifications is a lot of fun and makes warfare a lot more exciting than in Civ games of yore. AI quirks and a few other minor issues become apparent the more you play, but these are wholly forgivable foibles in an attractive and sophisticated game that constantly begs you to remain at your keyboard for just one more turn. First, here is a quick primer for newcomers. Civilization V, like previous games in the series, is about leading a nation through the eras of history, starting with a single city and expanding across the map. At the outset of any given game, you select a leader (in this case, one of 18, or 19 if you purchased the special edition from Steam), each of whom possesses a particular benefit that disposes his or her civilization to a particular style of play. Americans get a range of sight bonus; the Siamese get diplomatic bonuses with miniature nations new to the series called city-states; the English get naval perks; and so forth. From here, you collect resources; make deals with other civilizations; manage your economy; and go to war and attack the cities of your enemies when the time is right. There are four main ways to win a typically lengthy game of Civilization V. You could dominate through military means and defeat every civilization's capital city. You could be the first to gun through the technology tree and build the parts necessary for a spaceship that whisks you away to Alpha Centauri. You could ally with nations and city-states across the globe and win a diplomatic victory via a vote at the United Nations. Or you might become the cultural envy of the world by developing a large number of government policies and researching a mysterious undertaking known as the Utopia Project. There is also a fifth victory condition: possess the highest score when the turn limit has been reached. Whether Civ is new to you or not, it's easy to appreciate the newest game's user-friendly interface, which makes figuring out what to do next a breeze, meaning more of your time is spent strategizing and less of it is spent fumbling around. The organized nested menus are intuitive and easy to get used to, and Civ V does a good job of only displaying vital information on the screen while making other information easily available with just a few clicks. A single action button leads you through every aspect of your turn. If a unit is waiting for orders, the button says so, and clicking it takes you to the unit in question. If it's time to research a new technology, you click the button and it opens the research menu. There are a few aspects of the interface that could have been cleaned up. Switching between a city's production menu and the production queue is needlessly clunky, and the diplomatic overview doesn't label the tiny icons indicating what luxury resources other civilizations are producing. But most of the time, you always have the information you need when you need it, and neophytes should never feel in the dark. A few of Civilization IV's features have been eliminated--most notably, religion and espionage--though many players aren't likely to miss them. However, longtime aspects of the series have returned. Your advisors are there if you need a bit of direction, though unit automation and little icons representing each advisor's suggestion in the production menus mean you won't often need to pay them a visit. The exhaustive Civilopedia is only a click away and offers a wealth of information on every aspect of every feature. You still build wonders like the Egyptian pyramids, the hanging gardens, and the Great Wall, which generate the culture resource and provide other tangible benefits, without coming with the turn-by-turn maintenance cost of standard structures. The culture you gain is spent on social policies, which have replaced the governments of Civilization IV. Each time you reach the cultural resource benchmark, you select from the policy list, which is split into multiple policy types, each of which has its own sub-tree. The benefits you reap are cumulative, and while there are certain balancing restrictions in place, you still get a lot of freedom in how you want to progress. The mid- and late-game flexibility make it an excellent addition to the franchise. The first change you'll notice, however, has even more impact on Civilization V: The map is divided into hexagons rather than squares. The move to hexagons sets the stage for Civilization V's tactical combat. In the past, you could stack units into one army of doom (or a few armies) that rolled across the map. Now, with the exception of special units (the great general, for example) and workers, units cannot occupy the same space. As a result, you must be extremely conscious of each unit's weaknesses and strengths; a unit's position in regards to both its enemies and other friendly units; and whether or not any terrain bonuses apply. There is a rock-paper-scissors relationship among units that further deepens as units level up and you progress through the eras. When units level up, you choose one of several upgrades for them, such as an attack bonus when attacking from flat terrain. As they level up further, the possibilities expand, which means healing bonuses for the unit, as well as neighboring units, or greater degrees of the same enhancements. Helpfully, you can also choose to fully heal the unit when it levels at the expense of choosing another bonus, which is a mighty handy ability that can save a veteran unit from the jaws of defeat. This excellent new system layers tactical combat onto the strategic map, making battles much tenser--and much less abstract. It also encourages you to keep your veteran units alive. And while it costs you a bit of gold, you can also upgrade units into more powerful iterations (a trebuchet into a cannon, for example) when your research path allows it. Multiplayer games are also a possibility for the most patient players. You can set a turn timer to limit how long players get to consider their next move, but even so, the pace is at the whim of those involved, so matches can get bogged down in the early hours. Luckily, most of the customization options available to you in single-player games are available in multiplayer games as well, so you can keep things moving with the right options activated. Gone are hotseat and e-mail play options, with online and local network play as the only ways to play with others. By nature, Civilization V is a game you enjoy most with friends instead of random strangers, though the simple interface makes it easy to find and join available Internet games.
game-hours: 415.0
review: Addictive TB that's fun and challenging! Tons of maps, different cultures and great music! So many great things to try on the workshop as well to keep the game fresh! If you enjoy TB games this one is worth the buy!
game-hours: 61.2
review: Freaking amazing. Best top-view strategy game I ever played. I love how you can control who is in the world and the difficulty level, map type, etc. I felt like i was competing against real players when I was faced with the AI leaders in the game. I actually checked to see if I was in multiplayer somehow by accident. 10/10
game-hours: 501.1
review: With only a thousand pounds in my pocket i was just able to afford SID MEIERS'S CIVILIZATION V and the gold edition and the DLC and the limited edition 'SID MEIERS'S' keychain. At first i was fairly sure that i had accidentally bought farming simulator 2014 but then I realised that they have not released that game yet. The defining moment of this game was when i made an artillery cannon and blew up most of Spain. I don't have anything against people from Spain i just think that their country is really hot and once i went there and asked for a glass of milk and was given a shot of vodka. I was going to complain but the man behind the counter was really scary so i didn't. My favourite SID MEIERS'S CIVILIZATION V to play as is Russia because it means i don't have to look at the Russian lady who is not very pretty. I think they could have stepped up their game and bit their lip and hired someone better, because she is negatively portraying Russians as ladys who don't have legs but instead have strange domes which need massive dresses to hide. My verdict overall is ok but i think if SID MEIERS took care of his CIVILIZATION he wouldn't have to keep replacing them.
game-hours: 1045.0
review: Ruined my life, 10/10 Also, 287/287
game-hours: 374.7
review: This is one of my favourite games of all time, i will make a more detailed review in future, but what i have to say now is BUY IT STEVEN. BUY IT. YOU KNOW YOU WANT TO.
game-hours: 183.1
review: .
game-hours: 47.5
review: Civilization V is one of the best turn-based strategy games Ive ever had the pleasure of playing. Whether teaming up with my friends for some multiplayer, or simply losing a whole night of sleep to the games endlessly replayable single player, this is one game that any strategy enthusiast, or, hell anyone strat-curious should check out. Sure, I miss some of the deeper inter-civilization relations that the more defined religion and government setup brought in Civilization IV, but thats nothing anyone new to the series will even think twice about. With all the tips, advisers and tools in place, this is the first Civilization for PC that I feel is worth just about every persons time. Go forth and create, subdue, and exploit.
game-hours: 244.3
review: Just in case playtime recorded doesn't count as a recommendation on its own: I ing recommend this game. Seriously. Do you like strategy games? Okay, buy this, we don't have anything else to talk about. The expansions are well worth it, too, though if you're only going to pick up one I'd say grab Brave New World (if you can even get the second before the first, I wouldn't know). The trading system gives you a lot more to think about but it's really the update to cultural victories with tourism, museums, and artifacts that make the expansion for me. If you like non-aggressive play, the changes are amazing. There isn't quite as much to offer for you war-mongers, but moving resources around with the trade routes is still going to be important. Not to mention it added Venice which is pretty much the only civ you will ever need to play as ever again. The religion and espionage systems added in Gods and Kings are definitely fun, but I felt both systems could've been a little deeper (I really wanted to set myself up as a sort of 16th century Vatican City puppetmaster-type civ, but alas...). Both systems are integrated in the changes to Brave New World, though, and I found that worth it as well. Get them both! Don't even wait for a sale, buy them all right this instant!
game-hours: 95.5
review: Strategy fanatics have lost hundreds of hours of their lives to Sid Meier's beguiling creations over the years, and they should prepare to lose hundreds more. Civilization V is yet another glistening example of turn-based bliss that will keep you up long past your bedtime. It exercises its power over your mind using many of the tricks the series has long been known for: varied ways of accomplishing your goal of world domination, the thrill of expanding a paltry city into a bustling empire, and the suspense of venturing into unknown territory. The latest Civilization game takes those basics and layers onto them new features that make moment-to-moment gameplay feel more dynamic than in the past. Most noticeably, the square grids of previous Civilization games have been jettisoned in favor of hexagons that nicely accommodate the other most consequential transformations: Military units can no longer be stacked, and ranged units can fire from multiple tiles away. The tactical combat that rises from these modifications is a lot of fun and makes warfare a lot more exciting than in Civ games of yore. AI quirks and a few other minor issues become apparent the more you play, but these are wholly forgivable foibles in an attractive and sophisticated game that constantly begs you to remain at your keyboard for just one more turn. First, here is a quick primer for newcomers. Civilization V, like previous games in the series, is about leading a nation through the eras of history, starting with a single city and expanding across the map. At the outset of any given game, you select a leader (in this case, one of 18, or 19 if you purchased the special edition from Steam), each of whom possesses a particular benefit that disposes his or her civilization to a particular style of play. Americans get a range of sight bonus; the Siamese get diplomatic bonuses with miniature nations new to the series called city-states; the English get naval perks; and so forth. From here, you collect resources; make deals with other civilizations; manage your economy; and go to war and attack the cities of your enemies when the time is right. There are four main ways to win a typically lengthy game of Civilization V. You could dominate through military means and defeat every civilization's capital city. You could be the first to gun through the technology tree and build the parts necessary for a spaceship that whisks you away to Alpha Centauri. You could ally with nations and city-states across the globe and win a diplomatic victory via a vote at the United Nations. Or you might become the cultural envy of the world by developing a large number of government policies and researching a mysterious undertaking known as the Utopia Project. There is also a fifth victory condition: possess the highest score when the turn limit has been reached. Whether Civ is new to you or not, it's easy to appreciate the newest game's user-friendly interface, which makes figuring out what to do next a breeze, meaning more of your time is spent strategizing and less of it is spent fumbling around. The organized nested menus are intuitive and easy to get used to, and Civ V does a good job of only displaying vital information on the screen while making other information easily available with just a few clicks. A single action button leads you through every aspect of your turn. If a unit is waiting for orders, the button says so, and clicking it takes you to the unit in question. If it's time to research a new technology, you click the button and it opens the research menu. There are a few aspects of the interface that could have been cleaned up. Switching between a city's production menu and the production queue is needlessly clunky, and the diplomatic overview doesn't label the tiny icons indicating what luxury resources other civilizations are producing. But most of the time, you always have the information you need when you need it, and neophytes should never feel in the dark. A few of Civilization IV's features have been eliminated--most notably, religion and espionage--though many players aren't likely to miss them. However, longtime aspects of the series have returned. Your advisors are there if you need a bit of direction, though unit automation and little icons representing each advisor's suggestion in the production menus mean you won't often need to pay them a visit. The exhaustive Civilopedia is only a click away and offers a wealth of information on every aspect of every feature. You still build wonders like the Egyptian pyramids, the hanging gardens, and the Great Wall, which generate the culture resource and provide other tangible benefits, without coming with the turn-by-turn maintenance cost of standard structures. The culture you gain is spent on social policies, which have replaced the governments of Civilization IV. Each time you reach the cultural resource benchmark, you select from the policy list, which is split into multiple policy types, each of which has its own sub-tree. The benefits you reap are cumulative, and while there are certain balancing restrictions in place, you still get a lot of freedom in how you want to progress. The mid- and late-game flexibility make it an excellent addition to the franchise. The first change you'll notice, however, has even more impact on Civilization V: The map is divided into hexagons rather than squares. The move to hexagons sets the stage for Civilization V's tactical combat. In the past, you could stack units into one army of doom (or a few armies) that rolled across the map. Now, with the exception of special units (the great general, for example) and workers, units cannot occupy the same space. As a result, you must be extremely conscious of each unit's weaknesses and strengths; a unit's position in regards to both its enemies and other friendly units; and whether or not any terrain bonuses apply. There is a rock-paper-scissors relationship among units that further deepens as units level up and you progress through the eras. When units level up, you choose one of several upgrades for them, such as an attack bonus when attacking from flat terrain. As they level up further, the possibilities expand, which means healing bonuses for the unit, as well as neighboring units, or greater degrees of the same enhancements. Helpfully, you can also choose to fully heal the unit when it levels at the expense of choosing another bonus, which is a mighty handy ability that can save a veteran unit from the jaws of defeat. This excellent new system layers tactical combat onto the strategic map, making battles much tenser--and much less abstract. It also encourages you to keep your veteran units alive. And while it costs you a bit of gold, you can also upgrade units into more powerful iterations (a trebuchet into a cannon, for example) when your research path allows it. Multiplayer games are also a possibility for the most patient players. You can set a turn timer to limit how long players get to consider their next move, but even so, the pace is at the whim of those involved, so matches can get bogged down in the early hours. Luckily, most of the customization options available to you in single-player games are available in multiplayer games as well, so you can keep things moving with the right options activated. Gone are hotseat and e-mail play options, with online and local network play as the only ways to play with others. By nature, Civilization V is a game you enjoy most with friends instead of random strangers, though the simple interface makes it easy to find and join available Internet games.
game-hours: 11.9
review: Do you like turn-based strategy games? If the answer is YES, then this is the game that you must play!
game-hours: 39.1
review: If you want a game to eat your afternoons away, this is the perfect game for you. No other game has made me play it for 6 hours straight and not checking the time until after I'm done.
game-hours: 23.9
review: Do you like playing games for >10 hours on end without stopping because you just have to build that last road, or take down that one city, or finally stop Gandhi from his scheming tricks? THEN BUY THIS GAME 10/10 Best Turn-Based Strategy All Time
game-hours: 197.4
review: Ty's Fat
game-hours: 223.5
review: 10/10 Would nuke again. -Gandhi
game-hours: 456.3
review: Very addictive. I launched a rocket as the Mongols in one game and got nuked by the Mayans in the next one. Then I downloaded a Mod and curbstomped the Greeks as a country led by Akemi Homura. None of that makes even the slightest bit of sense, but I love it. Some High Number/10, excellent game.
game-hours: 95.1
review: Really good fun. As long as you have time. You might get sucked in for a few hours sometimes. ITts worth playing
game-hours: 22.5
review: great turn based strategy game
game-hours: 55.5
review: Great game, and gets better with expansions.
game-hours: 252.7
review: Hours of endless stress and strategy, probably the best non-competetive microcosmic strat out there.
game-hours: 140.7
review: Great depth of play. I still don't know what i'm doing.
game-hours: 67.2
review: Fun game to just play with friends. Could be taken seriously if you're that hardcore I guess...
game-hours: 620.7
review: Buy this and the Brave New World expansion 7/10 Civ V 9/10 Civ V+ Brave New World
game-hours: 150.7
review: Great game, if you have time. You could easily spend 48 hours straight on this game. Workshop support is fun, though not all of the mods really work that well. Also, seems to have optimization issues, can run on almost any comp within the last few years on low, but high seems to have trouble on even dedicated gaming comps. Also the more turns have passed, the more time it takes for the cpus to take their turn. Like I would get over a minuite sometimes. Also, the game isn't quite complete without the dlc sadly. The dlc adds a great number of features, fixes, ect, but should have been a free update. You can however get it pretty cheap if you check the steam sales.
game-hours: 69.3
review: Extremely addicting game, and is the sole reason that I have an adequete history background knowledge
game-hours: 55.4
review: Simply, the best. now i need just one more turn
game-hours: 231.7
review: Possibly one of the greatest Strategy Simulation games. Less complex than Civilization 4 but doesn't take anything away from it. Game is a great time sink and enjoyable on many levels.
game-hours: 109.0
review: Really fun, and really addicting once you really get into it.
game-hours: 58.2
review: :)
game-hours: 69.8
review: I played it and gahndi nuked me
game-hours: 102.3
review: Just. Awesome. Anyone who missed the humble bundle for this... you should be
game-hours: 227.1
review: I've invested 1/3 of my life into this game.
game-hours: 56.3
review: Best turn based game on the market. I'm Batman
game-hours: 65.6
review: Go from being great friends to ing hating eachother. Would recommend
game-hours: 195.7
review: Its like crack. There.
game-hours: 83.3
review: WOW! SKYRIM 2D! MUST BUY! EVER FUN! WON 2 TURNS! NO DOGES?
game-hours: 41.2
review: YOU NAPOLEON!
game-hours: 17.7
review: You're gonna screw up your roads. I guarantee it.
game-hours: 203.6
review: Friendly AI prepared to backstab you at every turn. 11/10 would get fukt again.
game-hours: 241.9
review: great library = i win also  egypt
game-hours: 135.8
review: This is a vast game, with the highest replay value of any other I have ever played. The differences among civilizations range from slim to huge, and they all have a very unique style of gameplay. Put in the many factors that can be modified before a game session, such as map size and resource abundance, and you'll find yourself living with this game for a long time. Big points for the soundtrack and graphics as well. The AI is really well adjusted too, compared to older versions of Civilization. It is now possible to actually stand a chance playing in the hardest settings and still feels rewarding if you lose and yet tried your best. There is nothing left to say other than... play this game!!! Oh and get the expansions too!
game-hours: 289.2
review: This game is great for ruining reltionships. Dropped a nuke on my buddy, he wouldn't face me for the rest of the week. 10/10 would nuke again.
game-hours: 301.1
review: After being an avid fan of the entire Civilization series, especially III and IV, since I was old enough to understand the strategy of them when they were released, I remember becoming rather psyched up when I heard of the impending release of this game. It was an interesting start to a lovely relationship. Any Civ fan from before Civ V will remember the interesting and controversial spoilers: No religion? Shame. No unit stacking? Brave. Hexagonal tiles? Scandal! For those who had not been indoctrinated with the traditions of previous Civ games, I'll admit, the forums all looked a bit silly. Eventually, a demo was released, and I installed it and played it, all 100 turns of it, and I wasn't impressed. It was all a bit boring. And that was the end of that. I wasn't going to spend a wad of my hard-earned dole money on a game that wasn't amazing. I would just play Civ IV instead. Then, one late Spring day almost four years later, a Steam sale tugged at the heartstrings of my throat, and beckoned me and my wallet to join it in virtual matrimony, and, in a whim of impetuous and spontaneous peer pressure, I bought it, and the complete edition with all of its DLC at that. It's the best whim I've ever had on a late Spring day almost four years after Civ V was released. It is a pretty game. It is easy to learn to play. You don't have to micromanage, although if, like me, you want to, then it is quite possible to manage most microscopically. Religions were introduced in the expansion packs, and they work very well. Hexagons are a lovely shape, and I find them even more accomodating than those old squares (Just ask the Settlers). The music is fabulous, unless you play as an African or Middle-Eastern nation, in which case you mostly get wind instruments that sound like dying animals, but other than that, the music is fabulous. The lack of animations for wonders and victories was slightly disappointing, but the artwork that takes its place is marvelous. A nice man narrates the technologies rather nicely, although everyone prefers Leonard Nimoy from Civ IV. The gameplay, although a broad topic, can suitably be described as good. As might be expected, it is difficult to try to lose on the easiest difficulties, and impossibly hard on the hardest. The leaders and nations available are colourful and exciting, and we can still become best friends with Catherine the Great. The civilopedia entries are very useful for the game, of course, but also contain real history and information which is well-written, and which I have personally spent hours reading in the middle of a game. The Steam achievements connected with the game are hilarious, and when you read them, make you want to cross your arms and say to yourself: "challenge accepted." I could go on, but I realise that, in summary, it may be best to conclude by preparing any potential player to adopt the correct mental attitude. This is not an expansion pack to Civ IV, obviously, so don't treat it like one. It is more like a younger brother to it than a son. It's different, and there may be parts of it you don't like, such as hexagons or city-capture or the way he smacks his mouth when he eats his breakfast. But I don't see any reason why, even if you have a preference, you can't be friends with both. Please enjoy this game very much, and be careful with that Attila fellow. He can't be trusted.
game-hours: 1711.1
review: Get This Game If You Are Awesome
game-hours: 127.4
review: One of best strategy games ever, gotta love it, especially dem nukes.
game-hours: 258.2
review: Um dos melhores jogos que joguei ultimamente, a principio o jogo parece ser bem complexo mas depois de um tempo voc pega as manhas, como muitos ja disseram vc fik indo de turno em turno e quando ve ja se passaram varias horas e vc n consegue parar sempre "s mais um turno" kkkkkk , enfim o jogo est recomendadissimo!
game-hours: 27.9
review: <Insert overly-aggressive Ghandi joke here>
game-hours: 430.6
review: This game, is a mix of adrenaline, and a mix of relaxation while you spread your culture, religion, or your power. You can win the game by science, domination, culture, and a few more, but those are the most common, and most enjoyable. I personally love playing science and domination. You get a nice mix of everything in those games, and i mean, come on, war is fun, and so is science! From worrying about your happiness to keep Revelation at bay, to worrying about Russia assembling units around your borders, this game is sure to give you a gratifying, and amazing experience. Many of which you will find yourself telling your friends about. This game is addicting as hell, you will find yourself slugging along at 4 in the morning "Just....One.....More....Turn" and so on. The combat is brilliant, the game is pretty balanced, only a few issues with that, but hard to notice, and rare to come across, and it's a blast to play with friends, and by yourself. Now, if you are a civ4 player coming to 5, the new diplomacy will take some getting used to. ALWAYS and i mean ALWAYS have a good defense, or civs who are bigger, and better than you will walk all over you to expand, but if your military is a threat, they will back off. Also, your actions can affect your relations with the other civs. If you were to make a proposal in the world congress a civ docent like, it will make then VERY angry with you, deepening on the proposal, it could be a war on your hands. Overall, the game is worth every penny, and it one of my favorite games of all time, a MUST HAVE!!!
game-hours: 183.1
review: .
game-hours: 47.5
review: Civilization V is one of the best turn-based strategy games Ive ever had the pleasure of playing. Whether teaming up with my friends for some multiplayer, or simply losing a whole night of sleep to the games endlessly replayable single player, this is one game that any strategy enthusiast, or, hell anyone strat-curious should check out. Sure, I miss some of the deeper inter-civilization relations that the more defined religion and government setup brought in Civilization IV, but thats nothing anyone new to the series will even think twice about. With all the tips, advisers and tools in place, this is the first Civilization for PC that I feel is worth just about every persons time. Go forth and create, subdue, and exploit.
game-hours: 472.2
review: historical strategy does not get any better than civ 5. Allowing people to play an alternate version of history is great, and sid and his peeps at firaxis hit the nail on the head. with hours of replayability the game allows for a different story each time.
game-hours: 79.5
review: I've always wanted to fight Gandhi with nukes, and so has he. This game was made for the two of us.
game-hours: 211.9
review: Very well-made game, can be played solo or with friends. Highly recommended unless you really like being productive. If you value being productive, then I would stay away since it's really addicting.
game-hours: 55.9
review: One word. Masterpiece
game-hours: 27.0
review: Started playing tutorial at 12AM. What feels like 45 minutes later, I check the time. 5AM. I think I've found an actual time traveling device. 11/10 would McFly through space and time again. Many more hours in: Just one more turn. One more turn. More turns.... Turns.......................
game-hours: 37.8
review: Gandhi why
game-hours: 384.9
review: Hella good, only with the DLC.
game-hours: 1051.2
review: <3
game-hours: 213.2
review: I thoroughly recommend Sid Meier's Civilization V, as it provides literally hundreds of hours of captivating entertainment at the expense of a mere 40 Earth Dollars. You can have endless fun attacking your (not really) best friends with nuclear weapons of mass destruction, destroying all of their tiresome efforts in one fell swoop. I don't recommend doing that last part too much, as, judging from personal experience, it can tend to provoke suicidal thoughts in the victim's mind. Other than that, it's pretty  and overpriced.
game-hours: 422.3
review: I really like that part of oldest "sitcom" in history of game development... ). So, guys, just try and enjoy that stuff. If u will play with friends, u will find great timekiller and funny moments in that game. ). Civilization V back us to classic hexagons rather than Civ IV. It's first good sign. 2. Great multiplayer mode. 3. Great scenarios for lone wolves. 4. Extended settings for your own game. 5. Recommended by time. ). 6. Of course, i love that soundtrack. Great work by composers. 7. I think that game HAVE balance. All nations have own bonuses. Choice what u like and beat your opponents. 8. For newbies  easy to learn. Omg... It's just Civilization, what i can say more?! And... Only one bad sign i can say about Civ V  cropped release version... Because, if you want religion  you will need to buy DLC Gods & Kings... Nobody like that marketing politic. Cheers, Mazy.
game-hours: 946.1
review: You will lose countless hours in "Taking another turn."
game-hours: 221.7
review: whcih civilization should i pick i cant decide
game-hours: 38.5
review: in get this ing game you ing s.
game-hours: 343.8
review: It's just so HEXY!! I love it!
game-hours: 139.1
review: sexy
game-hours: 37.0
review: DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNLESS YOU WANT TO GET AN ADDICTION!
game-hours: 67.6
review: (NOTE: I played a lot more of this during the elongated time my internet was down) Sid Meier's Civ V is an awesome turn based stratergy game rich in content and only deepened by the vast collection of online mods. Gameplay is simple at first but surprisingly deep and addictive. You pick a leader, and you rule your country. You start with only a few units and anciet technology but soon amass yourself with large armies, and highly advanced mordern technology. Forging alliances with leaders is fun but the AI is rather idiotic at times and that can be troublesome, but it's only a small problem for such a well made game. 'Just one... more... turn''
game-hours: 602.4
review: if there is one game on the market that lets you devastate indians on a grand scale, its this one 10/10 would nuke vijayanagara again rip in pepperoni gandhi
game-hours: 151.8
review: For those who are not familiar with the Civ games: Sid meier's Civiliazation is a simulation of how and why the political status-quo is as it is today. In randomly generated map (though its not your only option) play the leader of a slightly to heavily flavoured nation and quest for world dominition. Either kill everyone, make them love you, make a utopia or be the first to send the rocket to space. Sometimes you'll be the baddy, sometimes you'll the curse the vandal leader who will play purely combat while you build your latest wonder. This game's realism is really informative and there are many things to learn from this simulation. It's replayability is one of it's strongest points since you'll definitely want to try again for a better setting (resources and other civ placement), different map size, different nation etc. For those familiar with previous installments: Is there anything better than a resuscitation of a game you already love with new graphics, new/different nations and a slightly different approach to some of the mechanics? I cant say this is wholly an improvement or a deterioration in terms of realism since, although the diplomacy is MUCH better and a diplomatic victory is actually an option now, the religion mechanic for example is more of "game" nature than the more realistic Civ 4 counterpart. This is less blocky and repetitive than Civ4 and much easier to play though you may not like all the changes (NO MORE STACK OF DOOM! :P)
game-hours: 79.6
review: A great game for itself but the "Gods & Kings" and the "Brave New World" expansion packs are more or less vital because they add a whole new variety of awesome and severely gameplay-changing features. With buying those you lift the fun and entertainment level even higher.
game-hours: 333.3
review: Ghandi may look good,but it will be bad when the Manhatten project starts.
game-hours: 478.2
review: HELP! CALL CIV ANONYMOUS!
game-hours: 67.6
review: (NOTE: I played a lot more of this during the elongated time my internet was down) Sid Meier's Civ V is an awesome turn based stratergy game rich in content and only deepened by the vast collection of online mods. Gameplay is simple at first but surprisingly deep and addictive. You pick a leader, and you rule your country. You start with only a few units and anciet technology but soon amass yourself with large armies, and highly advanced mordern technology. Forging alliances with leaders is fun but the AI is rather idiotic at times and that can be troublesome, but it's only a small problem for such a well made game. 'Just one... more... turn''
game-hours: 606.3
review: Lost actual sleep over worrying about beating Russia to the uranium and claiming world dominance. Came up empty and was nuked to shreds. 10/10 would toss and turn again.
game-hours: 248.4
review: I have discovered I have led I have conquered I have inspired I have built a civilization to stand the test of time What your civilization stand for?
game-hours: 431.9
review: Wasted many days of my life on this 10/10
game-hours: 37.0
review: DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNLESS YOU WANT TO GET AN ADDICTION!
game-hours: 279.5
review: Yeah, its good.
game-hours: 706.4
review: <3
game-hours: 29.6
review: Its like Skyrim, but with Geroge Washinton.
game-hours: 110.2
review: Sid Meier delivered yet again with the latest and debatably the greatest installment of the Civilization franchise: Civilization V. I'm not going to pretend I have played hundreds of hours on this game as you know I haven't becuse it says above. But from what I have played of this game makes it one of my absolute favourites in my library. I personally aren't usually the fan of strategy games because I haven't got the brain capacity to work out simple war strategies, but this game had me hooked from the beggining. So much so even that I managed to convince my dad to buy it which he is now playing by my side religiously. I know I have tried and failed to sound intelligent so I will just say it how it is. BUY THIS GAME!!! The only fault i could possibly pick with this game is a few bugs that will inevitabley be fixed and the occasional crash. I would highly recommend that you save the game every 5 turns to avoid loss because of crashes. But what the hell do I know, maybe its my  laptop's fault. All in all the game is very fun, highly addictive, seriously time consuming and life destroying but however needs some polishing 9/10
game-hours: 700.3
review: The depth and replayability are unsurpassed. It took a couple of expansions to catch up to the enjoyment I felt playing its predecessors, but now with all of the new systems in place it has become one of my favorite iterations in the series. Thank you Sid Meier's, Brian Reynolds, Jeff Briggs, MicroProse, Hasbro, Infogrames, Atari Interactive, Take-Two, 2K Games, Firaxis and any others I am forgetting for providing me with years of such boundless entertainment. I can only imagine what the future holds for such an amazing and storied Franchise.
game-hours: 88.2
review: The only game where you can get bombed by Gandhi
game-hours: 606.3
review: Lost actual sleep over worrying about beating Russia to the uranium and claiming world dominance. Came up empty and was nuked to shreds. 10/10 would toss and turn again.
game-hours: 318.5
review: If there is one turn-by-turn strategy game to own, Civilization is the one to go for. The first episode was the game I spent more time on, until I discovered MMOs. This Vth episode is probably the best since then : complex, detailed and with plenty of different civilisations. A must have, more words aren't necessary.
game-hours: 154.6
review: you can nuke france
game-hours: 64.6
review: i choose rome and started playing i set it to earth because i thought the land mass thing wood be pretty cool. i set up my town and start production. i get a worker and cut down some trees, i send my warriors into a ruin, i discovered aminal husbandry. For 30 minutes i danced then proceeding to train some. I found a city state. immedlitaly warred it and damned it to hell. I then did another 30 minute dance. after that i starting adopting more poilcys, building more ttowns and being a huge  to the other civs. At the medivel era i had 15 towns and was 500 points farther than the 2nd place civ. I was resaerching musketmen already. 3 hours of hard work later i wiped 3 civs and 6 city states and had 36 towns. after i finished dancing i decieded that i would finish the game 2morrow. i hit the exit button and forgot to save. i lost 6 hours of gameplay and roughly 3 and half hours of dancing. 10/10 i'd do it again,
game-hours: 18.1
review: Germany was talking . So i nuked them.
game-hours: 176.0
review: Little known fact: Germany had the Terracotta Army in it's capital of "YOU,ENGLAND".
game-hours: 326.8
review: I think I like this game .... too much. :/
game-hours: 23.3
review: Legend a Complete Legend! Everybody should play this game, one of my favorites:D
game-hours: 31.2
review: good strategy game,it will consume time without you realizing
game-hours: 384.4
review: I love nuking aboriginals.
game-hours: 298.8
review: Civilization V is a must buy for any turn-based strategy gamers out there. It allows you to grow a civilization of your choice through the ancient era all the way up to the information era, if you can survive until then that is. The vanilla game itself is decent but is lacking in some areas. I highly recommend buying the complete edition which includes two major dlcs; Gods and Kings and Brave New World, with some other small civilization and map dlcs.
game-hours: 1245.0
review: Best strategy game on steam (Well... that i know of)
game-hours: 6.8
review: Civ5 is kind of like a sandwich. With all the ingredients, it's the best one you've had. Take out the mayo and cheese, and it's still tasty, but you feel no satisfaction.
game-hours: 837.3
review: Would you be interested in a trade agreement with England?
game-hours: 154.6
review: you can nuke france
game-hours: 627.6
review: Got nuked by Gandhi and kicked his  in return, now everyone hates me. 11/10 international relations
game-hours: 207.2
review: Had a 2,000 year war with Germany just cause they wanted my second city, and when they finally allowed me to negotiate peace everyone else started hating them. skip ahead 2,000 more years the second war with germany has begun, hopefully it will end it all - 10/10 would fight wars again
game-hours: 5.7
review: Do not play this game! This game will create a dangerous local temporal anomaly if played for more than three turns. This game will make you loose hundreds of hours of your life that you will not even notice. For you it would be mere hours, and you will wonder if aliens had abducted you and erased your memory, cause that will be the only explanations for all those passing days you can't remember. But it's not the aliens, it's this game. So, do not play it! You have been warned. Now, excuse while I make just one more turn. I swear it will be just one more turn.
game-hours: 88.2
review: The only game where you can get bombed by Gandhi
game-hours: 110.2
review: Sid Meier delivered yet again with the latest and debatably the greatest installment of the Civilization franchise: Civilization V. I'm not going to pretend I have played hundreds of hours on this game as you know I haven't becuse it says above. But from what I have played of this game makes it one of my absolute favourites in my library. I personally aren't usually the fan of strategy games because I haven't got the brain capacity to work out simple war strategies, but this game had me hooked from the beggining. So much so even that I managed to convince my dad to buy it which he is now playing by my side religiously. I know I have tried and failed to sound intelligent so I will just say it how it is. BUY THIS GAME!!! The only fault i could possibly pick with this game is a few bugs that will inevitabley be fixed and the occasional crash. I would highly recommend that you save the game every 5 turns to avoid loss because of crashes. But what the hell do I know, maybe its my  laptop's fault. All in all the game is very fun, highly addictive, seriously time consuming and life destroying but however needs some polishing 9/10
game-hours: 211.9
review: Very well-made game, can be played solo or with friends. Highly recommended unless you really like being productive. If you value being productive, then I would stay away since it's really addicting.
game-hours: 202.3
review: ONE...MORE...TURN!
game-hours: 602.4
review: if there is one game on the market that lets you devastate indians on a grand scale, its this one 10/10 would nuke vijayanagara again rip in pepperoni gandhi
game-hours: 64.6
review: i choose rome and started playing i set it to earth because i thought the land mass thing wood be pretty cool. i set up my town and start production. i get a worker and cut down some trees, i send my warriors into a ruin, i discovered aminal husbandry. For 30 minutes i danced then proceeding to train some. I found a city state. immedlitaly warred it and damned it to hell. I then did another 30 minute dance. after that i starting adopting more poilcys, building more ttowns and being a huge  to the other civs. At the medivel era i had 15 towns and was 500 points farther than the 2nd place civ. I was resaerching musketmen already. 3 hours of hard work later i wiped 3 civs and 6 city states and had 36 towns. after i finished dancing i decieded that i would finish the game 2morrow. i hit the exit button and forgot to save. i lost 6 hours of gameplay and roughly 3 and half hours of dancing. 10/10 i'd do it again,
game-hours: 1711.1
review: Get This Game If You Are Awesome
game-hours: 127.4
review: One of best strategy games ever, gotta love it, especially dem nukes.
game-hours: 6.0
review: League of Legens - 30 ~40 mins Dota 2 - 40~60 mins CS:GO - 30 mins ~ 60 mins SC2 - 5mins~30mins Payday 2 - 30 mins Civ 5 - started ~ dont know how to end it
game-hours: 86.1
review: Ally with Ghandi they said, Alexander won't declare war they said.. tsk-tsk.
game-hours: 367.1
review: A moment comes which comes rarely in history but we step out from the old to the new when an age ends and a soul of a nation long suppressed, finds utterance. Build courage when courage sees to fail, gain faith when there seems to be little cost for faith, create hope when hope becomes forlorn and remember....the future belongs to those who believe in their dreams....I have to say, this has been the most fantastic, most amazing game i have ever played. Especially when you get the DLCs that can be be bought to go with it. A generally good game with regular Civilization 5 but the excitement and intensity of it increases when you get BNW and G&K DLCs. Definetly consider getting this game if you havent already and be sure to get the DLCs!!!!!!
game-hours: 6.4
review: Using United States. Map size 4 players. Playing againts AI. 6 hours had passed and the game even finished yet.
game-hours: 319.7
review: like skyrim with history -IGN
game-hours: 733.8
review: You should always give Ghandi open borders
game-hours: 112.3
review: Had 2 cities, versus a civilization with easily 7. Duel map. They were technologically scores ahead of me. I mass produced Privateers and attacked their costal capital. Within 3 turns, Shaka offered 4 of his cities to me to end my onslaught. 10/10 Would force my privates in again.
game-hours: 385.1
review: Aye
game-hours: 73.5
review: Good game, makes wasting your whole day very easy.
game-hours: 235.7
review: I sat down at 5:00pm and started to play this game. Dinner time came, and i passed up food so i could keep playing, 11:00pm roled around and I stayed up, the sun camp up and I stayed up to play some more....at 8:30am I realized Ive not only been playing for 19 hours without stopping, but i missed my first class....if you want a game to eat your soul and make your life a peace of crap.....please join me in my sadness!
game-hours: 3.3
review: Hello... friends! I am recommending this game for you not because of steam's treasure hunt, but because my extensive playtime with this game (that being a whole 39 minutes) has made me realize this game is where you can play as a viking building the pyramids, eiffel tower, big ben, stonehenge, pentagon and just about everything. You know, how history *really* should have gone. Actually, I'm not even sure if you can play as vikings, but the idea of it is still neat. I would like a sockpuppet civilzation, but I guess they don't want me to create the perfect world history yet. Gotta keep something for the sequel, eh? Anyway, this is a game and stuff. You should probably check into if you like games, and if this particular type of game is specifically to your liking of specific games of this specific type. Oh holy bananas, did you know there's a kangaroo standing behind you right now? Um, you should probably do something about that. I don't think a kangaroo is supposed to be in your room.
game-hours: 556.6
review: I mean like it's okay I guess idk
game-hours: 597.0
review: Amazing game especially with friends. Best if you get the DLC.
game-hours: 56.9
review: Well I was Gandhi and I blew everyone else the f*ck up.
game-hours: 48.9
review: Built a nuclear missile in 1870. 11/10 would logic again.
game-hours: 783.1
review: If you enjoy building your armies for glorious desolation, creating a nation of arts and music to shock the world to do your bidding, or seeking victory through the subtle manipulation and underminging of those who are your lesser, this game is for you. A fully captivating experience that is different every time. Play how you see fit and allow your nation to rise or fall on your choices. In short: Buy It.
game-hours: 322.2
review: You'll hate your friends for weeks after playing with them and some relationships break down completely. I have PTSD and trust issues after playing Civ 5. 10/10
game-hours: 282.6
review: An amazing game that I couldn't sop playing.
game-hours: 647.4
review: Ghandi nuked me. 9.5/10
game-hours: 1337.5
review: Civ is a game that is really hard to mess up. And Civ V and it's DLC are just plain awesome. Brave New World alone adds so much to the game. Be warned if you have never played before though, the game is a bit of a life suck. I should know as I am close to having 1000 hours in the game.
game-hours: 35.5
review: One... more... turn...
game-hours: 243.8
review: I said I was only going to play 50 turns. 250 turns later and three hours later still was playing and conquering the world. 12/10 - "I will only play one more turn"
game-hours: 42.1
review: Make sure you are watching the clock if you have somewhere to be because time flys playing this game. Best turn based game there is!
game-hours: 66.1
review: How about yes.
game-hours: 107.3
review: This is the game you've been waiting for, even if you didn't wait for it, your soul did. 666/69 Illuminati AF.
game-hours: 61.6
review: My friend and I bought the game, and started a multi-player game. We went to war over horses. 10/10 would start war over horses again.
game-hours: 260.9
review: I took Ghandi's resources. Ghandi took my life. 10/10 ghandi wiped out the planet
game-hours: 22.1
review: I have been playing this game non-stop for the past day and wow, you start playing at 10AM, next thing you know it is midnight. The game is highly addictive and very entertaining, the game will easily teach a new player exactly what to do, but even as you play more and more, you learn new things and gain new tactics. Civilization V is an all round great strategy game, with great game mechanics. The only downside to the game is that the Civilizations do not get smarter as you increase difficulty, they just get a much better start, although this is easily fixed with a mod. I would have to give this game a 10/10 based on my experience with it so far and anyone contemplating buying this game should definately go for it.
game-hours: 245.6
review: cuckold simulator my civilization was being fu*ked hard, and all i could do was watch
game-hours: 97.0
review: It is hard to walk away from this game. I am always paranoid that my civilisation will crumble when I go for a snack. Even if it's just for a second! I end up hoarding all of the resources necessary for my survival in my room before I build my empire, in which, as it happens, I do the same thing. That being said, it breaks immersion when there are no archers waiting to fend off invaders from my room.
game-hours: 149.0
review: This game is the bee's knees 10/10
game-hours: 50.9
review: It is Civilization.
game-hours: 51.1
review: This is practiclly Holocaust Simulator 2015
game-hours: 580.0
review: With the latest expansion, Brave New World, this is probably the best turn-based strategy game out there. Civ 5 has now reached the pinicle of the evolution of the Civ francise. I say this as a player who first played Civ over 20 years ago on my 386 and has played all the Civ games apart from Civ 2. Whereas most 90/early 2000s PC games that have been rebooted or updated in the last 5 years have been dumbed down as if developers think we are all xbawks kiddies with ADHD (I'm looking at you SimCity, Hitman, Wolfenstein, Thief, etc), the Civ series has actually been improved with time and has become a deeper game.
game-hours: 34.6
review: Good however needs dlc to be any good.
game-hours: 699.6
review: An all around fantastic 4X RTS game, Civilization V, once it has the two major expansions (Gods & Kings and Brave New World) is an amazingly engulfing game. So much of it is designed to pull you in and keep you wishing to advance your empire one more turn. Winning the game can be completed multiple ways with large or small empires, and on higher difficulties victory can be a mad dash to the finish. Combat is fun, and offers enjoyment in outwitting your opponent, or holding off large waves of enemies at a choke point. The units are are crafted in high detail, and each civilization plays a slightly different way, letting you try a vast array of different strategies. The game is not without its faults, however. The biggest of these issues is the AI, which can be confusing or downright moronic. Additionally, while the shift to tactical-styled combat is a nice change of pace in the series, the AI doesn't seem to grasp how to make the most of its units and can make obvious tactical blunders with startling regularity. The game's netcode and stability are also questionable at times once larger maps come into play, but when it is working play is smooth and almost seamless from one turn to the next. All in all, an excellent game in a series full of well-made games.
game-hours: 85.8
review: One of the best turn-based strategy games I have ever played. Starting from the pre-historic era and having to explore for a good place to settle your first city, you then have to scavenge and trade with other leaders to increase revenue and protect city states from barbarians to gain access to their goods. You can play the game any way you want. If you want to be a tyranical leader who's goal is to kill everyone and take their land as his, or you could win the game through strategic trading and tourism. The tech line is intuative with many ways to get where you want to go in the game. This in depth game with a diverse number of leaders and a great atmosphere always has you watching your back, making allies, signing treaties from previous altercations you had with that nation, and being the most dominent power by the end of the game in order to win. Yes, this game takes a while for a single game to finish, but with every second being like the first one you've had since trying the game the first time it will always keep you smiling and excited for what comes next. Don't even get me started on the multiplayer. XD I can't wait to play this game again! 10/10
game-hours: 740.1
review: this game taught me that Ghandi IRL was an
game-hours: 202.4
review: Very fun game to play, if you are into a turn-based strategy game that can take up to hours to complete. then Civilization V is the game for you. you can choose different paths to win the game, if it's increasing your culture or researching new technology's you will always be watching your back for other civilizations who might attack you out of jealousy or hate. Very addictive game that can keep you entertained for hours, a must buy strategy game.
game-hours: 134.7
review: good
game-hours: 129.2
review: This is the main reason way i got a steam account to play civ 5 an amazing game
game-hours: 425.7
review: Probably the best game I've ever played, very addictive fun with mates :)
game-hours: 203.0
review: Sid Meier's Civilization Gameplay: 9.0 Graphics: 9 Music: 9.5 Interface and Control: 9 Rating: 9
game-hours: 336.0
review: Oh Civilization V, what a masterpiece you are. Most of you who are interested in this game probably don't know the series. But Sid Meier's Civilization dates back to the 1991 and has span a long time. The second most recent was Civilization IV, a game most fans are calling a masterpiece. With it's advanced gameplay, not fully broken diplomacy and a good mod community it was destined for greatness. Then this came a long. Civilization V is an amazing game. You'll be leading a Civilization through all of human history (And even the future) looking at how your civilization progresses. Will you wage war, and be a war mongler the world fears? Will you lead in science, and be the first to launch to a diferent world? Will you have all of the world succumb to your civilization's greatness? All of this is up to you. You have full freedom of what you want to do within the game. And it benefits from it. Since you can do whatever you want, you end up with fun scenarios, intensity, and essentialy some very satisfying gameplay. The visuals and the overall presentation is good as well. You get a very good cultural appropiate soundtrack while you're playing as a specific civilization, which is very neat. The best is especially the in-game rendered diplomacy screens. Where you will stand face to face with the leader you're discussing with. It is amazing the first time, and it's still awesome the 561th time. The only thing I'm dissapointed with is the AI. in the game. They tend to either be passive, or be down-right agressive. However there are mods fixing this, and you can always play multiplayer against/with other people. Which is a lot of fun in it self. The base-game is already a worth-while purchase, but can you afford it I'd suggest getting Gods and Kings as well as Brave New World. Both expansions add a lot to the vanilla game, and I personally can't go back to the normal experience. All in all, this is a must buy for any strategy gamer, whatever if one's casual or hardcore. You'll be spending a lot of fun re-(or just creating) historic events. Get this game as soon as you can, no doubt about it.
game-hours: 758.3
review: I love to conqure the world lol
game-hours: 33.2
review: What would happen if I took I paradox game and babbyfied it to the max? Civ is the answer.
game-hours: 195.6
review: My friends betrayed me every game. 10/10
game-hours: 247.6
review: Just one more turn.... Civ 5 plus both expansions is the best Civilization to date in my opinion. Great user interface, best tactical combat of the series, fantastic looking graphics wise, and most importantly very fun and addicting. All eras now seem wonderfully fleshed out (thanks to the expansions) and the game now feels as complete as Civ 4 did wth Beyond the Sword.
game-hours: 128.1
review: This is my favorite strategy game on PC. Highly recommended!
game-hours: 68.3
review: This is game is one of the most fun games that i have ever played, good for strategy game junkies, or for people who are just looking for a fun game to play. By the way, if you are going to get the game, get the gold edition. You'll save a ton of money. 11 uncooked weiners/10 uncooked weiners
game-hours: 573.3
review: I conquered the world as Sweden 10/10
game-hours: 209.0
review: Strategic war. Thats Athena at it's best right?
game-hours: 21.4
review: For a guy that talked about peace, Gandhi nukes me too many times.
game-hours: 518.6
review: For the people who like strategy games, this is heaven. There are so many strategies for this game that you can't decide which to choose. Try it out, and make your own strategy to rule the world.
game-hours: 27.5
review: Digital crack.
game-hours: 72.0
review: Does your child stay up to strange hours of the night? Does your child talk about "improving faith" or "culture bombing"? THESE MAY BE SIGNS OF CIVILIZATION V ADDICTION Civ is a very serious drug, it captivates the user for long hours, forcing them to want "just one more turn" Together, we can stop it. TALK TO YOUR KIDS ABOUT CIV BEFORE SOMEONE ELSE DOES
game-hours: 531.5
review: I took over the world as a facist George Washington. 10/10 would nuke again.
game-hours: 147.5
review: Musics and Quotes are incredible. Civilization 5 is not just a game.
game-hours: 187.9
review: Civilization V is an absolutely massive game. The DLC gives you lots of stuff to play around with, and I recommend that you get the Complete Edition, with all of the DLC's but after you get bored of the official stuff, or even before you're bored of the official stuff, you can get mods! If you don't know how expansive the mod community of Civ V is, then just check out the Steam Workshop for Civ V. That's only a small part of the mods available for Civ V, you just have to jump in and start playing!
game-hours: 269.1
review: WOOOOOOOO CIV 5 ---- BEST GAME 2010 ---- BONER!!!
game-hours: 44.9
review: Worth Every Penny
game-hours: 67.8
review: Get it, now.
game-hours: 167.0
review: yeoooooooooooooooooooooooooooow  it gah gah gah gah gah gah gah gah yeah i  it oh oh i yeah i  it in the  so so so step back now ya'll boom boom boom boom karate chop!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh(growl) yeah yeah yeah so be walkin down this street what what i see this gaem what yeah thats right what yeah shut the  uppp uh uh uh so i brek ur nipple in a million little pieces cause ur playin as china yeah ur playin as china break break break break ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh(growl) yooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo yeah! uggs are ugly uggs are disgusting yeah i ing hate uggs they are bayd so so so here we go so so so here we go oh oh oh oh oh oh oh so i be playin as india and in things up but then i see CHINA dey so agressive dey so cheap dey  u up and then yout die the end
game-hours: 228.6
review: Worth it if you Gods & Kings and Brave New World.
game-hours: 100.5
review: I have played this game so much that i lost my job, my wife left with kids and my monkey. I said take the kids but you leave me my monkey, unfortunately my wife took my monkey which i was gonna feed bananas to, i've got a surplus of bananas so i've got that going for me which is nice. But gethis 3 years later it turned out that my wife was having an affair with my monkey so i was heart broken and ofcourse the bananas had gone rotten, all in all this is a great game, but you should note that i loved my monkey he was like my best friend and now he's with my ex-wife, so i found a new friend he's called oscar the chicken, he wasn't as friendly as my monkey but he did taste good.
game-hours: 0.5
review: )   ..    ) ,  ,  )
game-hours: 892.7
review: A very relaxing game to play, once those achievements start racking up it becomes very addictive. The multiplayer takes the game to a whole new level as well either playing against friends or on the same team.
game-hours: 159.4
review: No more stacks of doom! My Game of the Year 2010.
game-hours: 50.4
review: cool game it's like call of duty except the combat is worse ghandi keeps on nuking me what a bully
game-hours: 464.4
review: I love this game. The whole concept of growing an empire and competing for resources is something I'm into and crave, and this game satisifies that craving. I would definitely recommend this game. There are a few bugs though. My Rating: 8.5/10
game-hours: 372.5
review: It is a ridiculously brilliant game I've played around 120 hours and would not have traded that for time in any other game
game-hours: 237.8
review: Highly recommened especially if you have a friend to play it with.
game-hours: 230.5
review: Gandhi loves nukes
game-hours: 254.3
review: After a lot of patch and fixes, this game is finally incredible ! Browse the Workshop for useful and fun mods (such as Doge as a nation) THIS GAME IS AS TASTEFUL AS FRIED POTATOES WITH POP CORN AND BACON !
game-hours: 590.4
review: A timeless game from a timeless serie. Never played so much a game as this one. Multiplay is a little difficult because of hardware performances over the net, but otherwise it's real cool!
game-hours: 1950.8
review: Started playing, didn't see daylight for a month.
game-hours: 1801.8
review: I have found the Garden of Eden, and the apples taste heavenly.
game-hours: 369.2
review: So good
game-hours: 17.8
review: .........
game-hours: 120.1
review: I LIKE THS ALOT LIKE OMG SWAG
game-hours: 277.4
review: I can get lost in this game! Hold on...where I'm I? HOLY MOLY! WHERE THE HELL AM I?!
game-hours: 21.9
review: GANDHI
game-hours: 242.4
review: Amazing game that consumes time
game-hours: 99.1
review: super good
game-hours: 240.9
review: One of my all time fav games, this requires you to have a stong economy while ballencing other aspects of your empire on multuple fronts. Not only is this game diplomaticaly focoused it also has extreme focous for combat and war situations aswell. For example your units gain a bonous for attacking from a hill and can often not attack with indirect fire... If i had to make one complant i would say that some of the Civ's need a little re-ballancing other then that if you are a stratigist then you need to pick this game up 9.5/10
game-hours: 36.3
review: The best way to get rid of few days, a week or even a winter. Be careful though.
game-hours: 323.5
review: Can't even trust my brother 10/10
game-hours: 72.2
review: Hours of fun whether you love building or war mongering!
game-hours: 459.9
review: This games is one of the most addicting games out there. You'll keep telling yourself "just one more turn" then you look at the clock and a few hours have gone by. It's a lot of fun. Positives: -provides hours of gameplay -no two games are exactly the same -big diversity in playable civs and units -city states are a cool feature -many diverse maps Negatives: -computer controlled civs can be extremely irritating -happiness feature can also be irritating Overall great game. Highly recommended. Also HIGHLY recommend getting the expansion packs as they make the game significantly better.
game-hours: 4.9
review: Very Fun game which will never get old with all community mods e.g world war II
game-hours: 86.5
review: This game is really fun to play by yourself but even more fun to play with others. Even the short gamemodes are really long though so it's almost impossible to sit down from start to finish of a game. When playing in multiplayer it's a good idea to team up as the AIs seem more agressive especially Gandhi, don't trust him.
game-hours: 357.9
review: This game is amazing. I've had it and played it for years, and it genuinely never gets old. It has an infinite amount of replayability, and no two games ever end the same way. I'd fully recommend getting the DLC as well as the standalone game, seeing as you'll lust for more content after you play 100 hours or so, and the DLC Civ has to offer is fantastic.
game-hours: 20.6
review: I'm not even a fan of strategy games but dang this game is great
game-hours: 138.9
review: I didn't trade horses with Gandhi so he nuked me. It was fun.
game-hours: 64.5
review: I've been saying to myself "this is the last turn i swear", but i'm just not able to quit. These are the problems that show up as soon as you begin understanding the fundementals of this game. Sid Meier's Civlization V is a turn-based 4x game, where you manage you cities and make sure your people are well fed and happy. The goal in this game is to be the most progressive population on the planet. You start out with a city that fits the population you've chosen. From here on out you start exploring and building things. With the first unit, you will find things like ruins and barbarian camps. The barbarians are your first real enemy, you will have to try to fight them off while progressing your first city. When you start expanding alot you find out that the barbarians are not a real threat anymore. In fact you will be alot more busy with the other populations on the map. The other populations can be friendly but also an enemy. This is where diplomacy comes in, some leaders of the populations may trick you and create traps to backstab you after a while, so you have to be carefull on what you decide what's best. You also get to trade and discuss with these leaders, for instance, you could trade a luxury that your population wishes for. After a couple of hundered turns you'll get the hang of it and start liking the game alot, for me it's the progressing that makes me hooked to this game. it's the mentality of "just finishing this one thing" that makes it soo addicting to me. I find it to be one of the best games i have every played. This is the first civilization game i ever played, but now i regret that i never played the previous parts of this series. All in all a great game! I highly recommend it!
game-hours: 160.2
review: This game is just pure awesome! It allows you to run your own kingdom while either combating or being buddies with others. You must also develop technology and build a military and industry. The beginning game options are pretty nice too, the allow you to pick who you are, how long you want the game to play out, what era it starts in, the world layout, and many more things! It's such a huge games that I could sit here for hours typing up everything! And the best part is... YOU CAN GET MORE STUFFF WITH WORKSHOP!!! I'd say *10/10* for this game!
game-hours: 1235.2
review: This game is ruining my life.
game-hours: 107.1
review: 10/10 would get nuked by Gandhi again
game-hours: 227.3
review: GandhiNukedGermany/10 would play for all eternity
game-hours: 928.7
review: It's alright
game-hours: 636.2
review: If you are going to buy this game, you need the Brave New World DLC. Once you have that it will be great expirience. I recommend this game extensivly 9/10
game-hours: 123.3
review: this game is awesome
game-hours: 57.2
review: 8/8 Ghandi nuked me gg
game-hours: 10.3
review: It's a good game. Why? -It takes away 3 GB free space from your hard drive -It makes you experience feelings you've never experienced before as you watch the city you spend 9 hours building gets destroyed by enemy forces -What, real life? Is that a server? -You can get nuked by Ghandi -You can nuke Ghandi back So overall great game, should play it.
game-hours: 256.4
review: Awesome to play with few people, but only if you can afford to buy all expantions. If not then simply buy one of previous parts.
game-hours: 25.7
review: Historical figures controlling countries and living for thousands of years, with nukes and giant robots from the future. 10/10
game-hours: 319.7
review: Best game on Steam.
game-hours: 152.5
review: Awesome game, though lacks features that were in the previous games.
game-hours: 88.4
review: ing Gandhi nukes everyone. take him out first 9/11 would fly again
game-hours: 29.5
review: This is a good starter to get into the strategy based games. Its enjoyable and will suck up allot of your time without you realising it. I don't feel that the addon packs are all that worth it though, what is included with the game is more then enough.
game-hours: 138.9
review: I didn't trade horses with Gandhi so he nuked me. It was fun.
game-hours: 462.0
review: Wonderful game, let's gamers of all skill levels enjoy themselves.
game-hours: 102.0
review: This is a really good game
game-hours: 15.9
review: Good Game. But dont plan on finishing the game in one hour or so.
game-hours: 432.9
review: 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 304.0
review: Great game where you can play at your own pace
game-hours: 123.3
review: this game is awesome
game-hours: 4125.4
review: This game and I have a love-hate relationship. While I would consider this game to definitely be in my top ten, it is dangerously addictive. I find myself going down a deep rabbit hole when I play this game because of how engrossing the premice of the game is. For those of you who haven't had the chance of picking up a copy of a game in this series so far, think of yourself as warned; the outside world will not know what happened to you until you can finally find the strength to crawl out of your darkhole from which you have been engrossed in for the passed 8 days known as Civilization; your friends will understand. Game Summary: Now for a quick rundown of how the game works. The title to the game describes the plot in itself: you are the plot. You start by choosing from a number of civilizations listed, ranging from 18th century America under George Washington to Napolean of France. How large you want the planet you are set on and how many other civilizations and city states you want to play against can either be determined by the player or randomly selected. Once you drop into the world you'll start out with a settler and a warrior in order to found your capital city and explore the surrounding lands. Each civilization has the gift of a specific bonus to it's empire as well as excess units and buildings which can be constructed only by that civilization. As your civilization progresses you eventually start to get more and more choice. You will move through each era depending on what technologies you research. With this freedom of choice players can also choose how they interact with other civilizations and city states. Eventually depending on what routes the player chooses to take in developing their civilization, there will be a number of options for how one can win the game. You can either achieve a science victory by researching all of the technologies and blasting off into space in order to plant your flag into the soil of a distant earth like planet! You can conquer the entire world with rutheless military might and capturing the capital of all other opposing in-game civs for a domination victory. These are jsut a few of the options available. The great thing about this game is rather than following a linear path for play, you really get to make history yourself; or if you want to go about doing it with a friend, drop into a match and play it out with your buddy! Mods: The second best thing about Civ V besides it being Civ V is that the game is very community orientated. There are hundreds upon hundreds of mods sitting in the steam workshop in this game ranging from new ingame civilizations to playable scenarios. The development team over at Firaxis did a great job in allowing variety for such a trully immersive game and one of the best ways they've done that is by letting the community take adding on new parts to the game themselves. DLC: The core game itself is fantastic but I would really recommend both DLC's for this game. They are a bit pricy so you might save some cash by just picking up the Civ V Gold Edition during a steam sale if you really want to get the fullest experience of the game. Not only does it add a number of new civilzations (that are personally my favorite to play as), it also brings back religion from the previous games in order to spread your pious agenda across the globe to assist in your victory. It also brings back spying as well as trade routes. Trade routes help for boosting ones economic output when connecting to other civilizations but they can also provide science and spread religion to other cities. These factors are just the tip of the iceberg especially considering there are so many mods on the steam workshop which require either the Gods and Kings DLC or the Brave New World add-on. In the end, they are both fantastic in-game content packs and really worth the extra penny.
game-hours: 45.9
review: Perhaps one of the best strategies on your PC.
game-hours: 77.5
review: Get it, you won't be disappointed.
game-hours: 9.2
review: wtf is dis  gaimmme i just attack mad beches and like no help from mah bois 0/rediculus
game-hours: 322.0
review: America too stupid? Think you can do it better? Do it now with ANY civilization and use their special traits to rule the world, either in science, culture or just by diplomacy. It's a really good strategy game. You can also choose the lame way and just kill the opposition with your mighty army.
game-hours: 94.0
review: Probably the best strategy game ever! It's awesome, even for those who don't tend to play much strategy.
game-hours: 251.2
review: Good game, does consume a lot of time. Mods and the DLC improve the game greatly
game-hours: 63.0
review: The best strategy game around. Great fun to spend an evening exploding paris and making berlin jewish.
game-hours: 188.8
review: overall good game, repetitive at times
game-hours: 99.3
review: A fantastic turn-based strategy. You'll be stuck for hours. A must play for tbs fans
game-hours: 43.8
review: right after I bought this damn game it went back down price son of a gun
game-hours: 20.4
review: Buy it!!!
game-hours: 639.1
review: game is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 108.2
review: I picked up this game 3 days ago, and have played 8 hours a day. The game starts off as a simple land grab and unit builder, but ends with 30-40 unit managment and high level diplomacy. Plenty of customization features for the kind of match you want to play. There were a few graphical glitches at the start, but generally it was fine. 10/10 Ghandi kicked my .
game-hours: 65.8
review: Good game as it stands but the DLC makes it a much much better game
game-hours: 10.3
review: I am the king of my nation. I am the ruler of my kingdom. And I will  everything up - oda nobunaga
game-hours: 66.0
review: totally worth every penny
game-hours: 71.4
review: This game is very, veeery addicting. Gandhi nuked me, 23/10, Valve no not nerf.
game-hours: 353.8
review: I'm addicted to this!
game-hours: 34.4
review: never trust anyone
game-hours: 93.4
review: This is my first Civ game and let me just say that it's made a great impression, me and my friend just haven't stoped playing. Dominating whole countries and having your whole empire crumble from one mistake. This game is a must have, the multiplayer is also a wonderful and fun time, just make sure you bring friends and a glass of water cause things can get stressful. 10/10
game-hours: 16.5
review: I was in another country, couldn't find my friends i was alone....... 5 years alone Alone/10 "Like skyrim whit no friends"- Machinima
game-hours: 300.7
review: It's really good, despite it being a Turn type of game, it is very fun and addicting to play <3 especially with friends
game-hours: 257.1
review: this game is soooooo gooooood
game-hours: 106.3
review: Paranoia Simulator 2014 10/10
game-hours: 188.1
review: As Washington, I amassed an army of such great magnitude that I decimated every other inferior countries except Germany. I left Bismarck with a tiny isolated island. Then I nuked them later. Best 10 hours ever.
game-hours: 82.5
review: To me? This game is fun. I can go for hours on end sometimes playin this game. Not the best at it but there are so many options and goals. There are like 5 ways you can win for s sake. You can spread religion, gain culture science and a bunch of other . Its ing awesome! Especially with the workshop it has HUUUUGE potential. Only beat 1 game in 20 hours but its definitly a GREAT time consumer were u to play on your plane flight. I will never do online as that  would take days but still. Good game if you like long matches with tons of options. Probably the most changable game with workshop on steam!
game-hours: 171.0
review: 10/10 would bang
game-hours: 143.1
review: Civilization V single-handedly drew me into the strategy game genre. The streamlined mechanics allows simplicity for a new player to pick up, but still retains depth for those looking to get more out of it. Each playable civ is extraordinarily unique and the multiple paths towards victory increase replay value to a tremendous degree. This game is defintely worth purchasing, for history nerds like myself, strategy gamers, and just about anyone else (you can't go wrong with snagging this during the holiday sale). Try it out!
game-hours: 66.2
review: Fun game, multiplayer works fine' 10/10
game-hours: 135.6
review: Best Game Eva...
game-hours: 22.5
review: JUST. ONE. MORE. TURN.
game-hours: 201.3
review: you will lose your life tho this game
game-hours: 238.2
review: This is the greatest game ever. If you can develop a strategy to play, you will not stop playing. I play this and I cannot get bored. Their is no O.P. things that can ruin the game, even Unique Abilities that are called O.P. have a small downside that if exploited is perfect. I cannot think of any gaem breaking mechanic that will destroy it any time to come. Please buy this game, and maybe I may be competing against you to build an empire that will stand the test of time. Another side not is that you will need to buy the Expansions as they are worth it and are brilliant. I brought them then couldn't go back to playing without them.
game-hours: 172.6
review: This is a great game for strategy lovers, and is even better when played multiplayer.
game-hours: 78.2
review: Great Game! Love it! A uniuqe expirience that requires stratigic thinking and planing turns wisely. Overall, a fun game!
game-hours: 372.9
review: this game is the best game i have ever played, i just cant get enough
game-hours: 172.1
review: Civilisation V is better than having a girlfriend.
game-hours: 510.2
review: The gold standard for strategy. More user-friendly and prettier than Civ 4, with some great additions, but lacking the stunning Fall from Heaven II mod. Gods and Kings is also recommended.
game-hours: 21.8
review: Ver good Game, Im addicted
game-hours: 404.6
review: This is the best game ever. Better than Minecraft. Can spend many hours playing this AMAZING game. Get it now. You can be many civilizations like Poland, Russia, Germany, England, Spain, France, Rome, Greece, Venice, Babylon, Japan, China, Mongolia, Askia, Zulu's, Shoshone, Ireqouis, Mayans, Korea, Indonesia, Portugal, Morocco, Inca's, Siam, Denmark, Austria, Netherlands, Ethiopia, Egypt, America, Arabia, Carthage, Brazil. And some I can't think of at the moment.
game-hours: 109.0
review: Yesh!
game-hours: 44.2
review: great game! had it for a very long time now but only just went back on it and it shows how much ive been missing out! it is highly addictive and extremely hard to turn off so i would definatley reccomend it especialy if your like me and love stratergy games
game-hours: 357.2
review: Definately worth the money when played with both the available addons.
game-hours: 156.3
review: its pretty neat
game-hours: 285.8
review: Honestly I'd go for the Complete Edition for this game. You get WAY more stuff for $20.00 more, It sounds like 100 times more money but it's a realy great deal.
game-hours: 141.9
review: I have owned Civ V now for almost two years, and it has always been nothing but awesome. Even more awesome now with the Brave New World DLC, and the addition of Religion, Spies, Congress, Tourism, Trade Routes, etc. This has made the game even MORE interesting. I lose track of hours on this, building my economy, while trying to build my army and not breaking the bank in the process, watching other civilization's machinations with my spies, and increasing border expansion to an all-time high without pissing off my neighbors. It is indeed very complex and I am always learning new tips and tricks. Besides Skyrim, this is most definitely my favorite game on Steam. I give it 10/10 cupcakes.
game-hours: 174.2
review: Really good if you have BnW & GK expansions.
game-hours: 398.7
review: 30 mins will turn into 30 hours with this time machine, I promise!
game-hours: 11.9
review: I bought this because the news said it was the most played non-Valve game on Steam. I can see why. I'm going to be losing large chunks of time to this game.
game-hours: 619.5
review: When you hear the words "Ghandi has completed the Manhattan project", the game is already over.
game-hours: 21.9
review: Great game.
game-hours: 145.2
review: HOULEY SHIET BOYS RATHER DO DRUGS THIS  IS WORSE THAN HEROINE
game-hours: 229.6
review: This is a truly amazing game, its fun to play and has so much replay value it will cause you to play for hours on end thinking; 'just one more turn...' The multiplayer however is also fantastic and makes the gameplay even more interesting, but it can be very buggy and prone to random crashes often making the experience enraging and annoying. Lucky the majority of the time this game runs smoothly and without issue, making it more than worthwhile for any gamer interested in the strategy genre. However I strongly recommend if I was you, purchase the 'Complete Edition' version of the game as the 'Gods and Kings' and 'Brave New World' expansion packs make this game even more exceptional, fixes many of the base games issues and bugs while presenting the player with a massive extension to the base game. The packs basically add two extra massive games into the already massive base game. Overall this game scores a 7/10 + Fantastic experience and replayability + Amazing and worthwhile expansions + Fun and challenging multiplayer - Multiplayer is often full of bugs and random crashes
game-hours: 366.7
review: Great game, CIV V will provide one with countless hours of stragetic fun. There is more than one way get a victory in the game which will provide many options on how to arrive to one. Eac DLC only improves your experience and adds more hours of fun. The CIV series gets better and better, so far this is a must have for anyones library.
game-hours: 358.6
review: i r recommend cuz it stole mah sleep :3
game-hours: 70.3
review: This game is superbly time consuming and highly addictive. Indeed, this game is a time machine game. Do not play this game, it has high chance to ruin your life. Don't tell me that i didn't warn you.
game-hours: 399.5
review: 9/10 - "It's Okay" I can't see myself playing this game for longer than 24 hours in one sitting
game-hours: 93.1
review: Firaxis took a lot of risks with this game, changing so much from Civ 4. However pretty much all of them have payed off, and made the game much better for it. One great change is leaders speaking in their actual language making metting leaders more interesting. No stacking of military units is a massive plus, in civ 4 you were just smashing stack after stack into each other, it felt like there was no strategy. Now it is much more interesting and feels like it takes skill. The only real thing I don't like about it is the announcer, he has a very boring voice. No where near as interesting as Leonard Nimroys.
game-hours: 79.7
review: First off, I played Civ4 before this and I really enjoyed it. Now Civ5 got more content, like nukes, changed some things around, like that only one military unit can stay on one tile and of course upgraded the graphics. But it is still Sid Meier's Civilization, you start of with settlers and warriors and play from 4000 b.C. to the near future +2100. Play with one or up to 11 other players on one map! But this time around, there are City States, you can either be Allies with them and enjoy their benefits or fight them and annex their city. What I also liked is that you can find natural wonders, which when worked on by the city benefits you with Faith. For new players, they put the effort in to make advisors, but as soon as you know the basics, they get really annoying. Overall a great game, but you better of with the DLC. This game gets an 'G' for Good. (A>G>O)
game-hours: 404.0
review: This is easily one of the best games I've ever played, with just the right balance of strategic thinking and casual gaming. I haven't played enough but I want to beat the game in the highest difficulty later on.
game-hours: 164.5
review: Forgot to feed dog. She's now dead... just like Gandhi.
game-hours: 60.1
review: Recommended Game! Maybe boring at first because the long text at tutorial! But after you play It's not!
game-hours: 62.8
review: 911 out of 420, would play again.
game-hours: 130.6
review: yeeee
game-hours: 17.8
review: .........
game-hours: 120.1
review: I LIKE THS ALOT LIKE OMG SWAG
game-hours: 159.3
review: Easily in the top 5 of all strategic games!
game-hours: 130.3
review: I'm cold.
game-hours: 255.4
review: 10/10 GG
game-hours: 195.7
review: :D
game-hours: 369.2
review: So good
game-hours: 364.5
review: Fun game. A strategy with a turn based system, gamers that enjoy slower pace should go for this game. 8/10
game-hours: 109.9
review: No better way to waste your entire weekend.
game-hours: 53.4
review: Very awesome strategy game a must have for anyone
game-hours: 403.5
review: Words cant describe how much I love this game... But numbers can: 8/10
game-hours: 117.8
review: Another installation in the Civ series, and a fantastic one at that. I just don't see how anybody could hate this game. It's a polished version of the amazing Civ IV. Great job Sid Mier! I doubt you will see this review, but keep up the good work! 101st hour Edit... I regret nothing
game-hours: 180.9
review: just one more turn
game-hours: 317.9
review: In the words of many Civ Players... "Just. One. More. TURN!"
game-hours: 654.9
review: Favorite Steam Game!
game-hours: 146.7
review: The most elaborately exquisite game I have played such that the beginning of this recommendation used not one, but two condescending words
game-hours: 65.9
review: Awesome game buy it and come play against me
game-hours: 2594.6
review: This game stole away my life. Do not buy unless you like losing all your free time.
game-hours: 2201.2
review: This game is handsdown my favorite game ever created!!
game-hours: 360.1
review: Well, the 251 hours played on this game most likely explain how much i like it HOWEVER it can get a little boring if you only play on your own so sadly, if you have no friends, your screwed...
game-hours: 99.8
review: I've never played any of the previous Civ games and I'm a huge fan of Catan (a board/online game it reminded me of) so this automatically won me over. Civ 5 is more complex than Catan in that it has more features to offer and it's more organized, less random, and more relaxed whereas you can never predict what your opponents are gonna do in Catan so it gets pretty intense. You play a historical leader (each civ comes with perks) and choose how you interact with other leaders and their civilizations. You can build whatever you want, from armies to cities, as the technology and resources become available to you throughout the centuries. It's addicting and so much fun; I can only imagine the shenanigans and how awesome it'd be to get a group of friends to play. Plus I'm really diggin a lot of the references made with the achievement names. Can't believe I didn't get into this sooner.
game-hours: 22.0
review: "it ing sucks" 420/10 -ign
game-hours: 243.6
review: Imagine being locked in a room with Big Gaz G, and Razza, while m.r. West films it all. This is the opposite of that situation.
game-hours: 354.8
review: Best entry in the series, which is saying a lot, because Civ 2-4 were all also some of the best games ever. Since the BNW and GNK expansions, the game has such incredible depth. You can play for 300+ hours and still get thrilled by beating the pants off the AI. You still look at your clock every half hour and keep extending your play deadline just a FEW turns longer, until it's like 3am and you have to work in a few hours. Oh and if you somehow get bored with the dozens of civs, scenarios, map and victory types, etc, you can go and MOD the  out of it. 10/10
game-hours: 37.8
review: Started the Cold War with me playing as the US and my friend playing as Russia. The only difference was, Russia didn't have nukes, and the US had no qualms about using theirs. 9/10 would nuke again.
game-hours: 550.8
review: Highly addicting, customizable, and recommended for both new and veteran strategy game players.
game-hours: 238.6
review: ,       .
game-hours: 195.2
review: This game is a true must-have for any PC gamer. I read an article, I believe on PC Gamer, that said that this is one of three must-haves for any PC gamer, and I agree. The addictiviness of Empire building in a stregy setting may not be readily apparent to the average gamer, and I must admit, I was skeptical the first time I heard of this game. But then I played it. And I fell in love. The depth of the simulation is offset by the simplicity of the interface of the game, and it can be as in-depth as YOU want it to be, allowing it to be a deep, hardcore government strategy game fore the more hardcore fans of the genre, or a simplistic delve into some fun empire building for the more casual. 0 outta 5!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 237.8
review: Highly recommened especially if you have a friend to play it with.
game-hours: 230.5
review: Gandhi loves nukes
game-hours: 254.3
review: After a lot of patch and fixes, this game is finally incredible ! Browse the Workshop for useful and fun mods (such as Doge as a nation) THIS GAME IS AS TASTEFUL AS FRIED POTATOES WITH POP CORN AND BACON !
game-hours: 136.6
review: I like the game ,because it have so many Civilizations!!!!!!
game-hours: 4.8
review: Amazingly good strategy game. If u're looking for great turn-based strategy game u don't have to search any longer! This is the masterpiece of strategy games, and with it's 2 big dlc's it's even better than just the base game. If i only had more time to play it ... It would be a great game if you're in prison, u'd have a lot of time to improve your strategy. Score 10/10!
game-hours: 24.3
review: Is grate
game-hours: 157.0
review: Much better than "CATS". Also, much better than being assaisnated by my own colleagues at the CIA for 'talking too much'. God, believe me, I've been through that. Also, MUCH better than hearing Pearl Jam cover that crappy song from Frozen. My god....talk about Jumping the Shark. All of that being said, I play this game over and over again and I'm not sure I'm even any good at it. I win and I lose. But I have a good time doing it. If my g'friend is off on a Sunday and I play from 8am to 3pm, there's usually some blowback, but maybe that speaks to the addictive qualities of this thing. I'm above average in my abilities to disuage my lover from resenting me for spending that one extra hour destroying Catherine the Great's legacy across 4 cities because she won't just share some f'in cotton with me for a 'I love the King Day'. Because, if she knew Catherine the Great and how snide she can be, she's be sitting there with me, asking if there's anyway to loosen that corsett and humiliate her in court...but, alas. No such options exist in this game. That's not why I play it, though. I play it for the glory.
game-hours: 1748.7
review: Beware of low flying barbarians.
game-hours: 29.3
review: This game is amazing. It causes fights and friendships when playing with friends and it can rip friendships apart just by declaring war ahaha. Grpahics are great, gameplay is amazing and you get to rule as Gandhi, what more could you want?
game-hours: 270.0
review: Really good game!
game-hours: 396.0
review: Hexagons of fun. Worth.
game-hours: 61.3
review: This is a incredibly fun and addictive strategy game that is only funner with friends.
game-hours: 322.5
review: Hands down the best game on steam I've ever played, I highly suggest this to anyone. I would suggest getting the full version; it may seem overpriced, but with what you're getting, it should be $40 more expensive. Get this game!
game-hours: 453.1
review: This game is by far my favorite. If you don't know already, it's a 4X where you control one of history's civilizations from the stone age all the way up to the near future. The main changes from 4 to 5 is the change of square spaces to hexagonal spaces for movement. Also, this interation removes the stacking and limits you to one military unit and one civilian unit per hex, so no more "stacks of doom". I dislike how in the base game they left out a lot of the features from previous games (such as espionage and religion); however, they add those features back in on the expansions. All in all, the game is addictive and hard to resist the "just one more turn" syndrome. I would give this a 9/10 with exapansions and a 7/10 with just the base game
game-hours: 49.2
review: gay
game-hours: 84.0
review: The best strategy game I have ever played! Great graphics, gameplay and DLC's! Playable for hours on hours!
game-hours: 912.1
review: I have played this game so much that I have wasted a month of my life on this game but in parallel I have conquered the world as the British the Americans The Russians the Germans the Morracans and the list goes on and on screw the other victory conditions all I want to do is conquer everyone as everyone so my journey may never be complete in that regard.
game-hours: 29.0
review: Have an hour until you need to get to work? I guess this is the game to spend your time on. Once you start playing there is no going back, until you lose of course. Back in the past, when I had this game torrented, I had spent over 14 hours STRAIGHT playing. It turned me into a monster, that even my parents rejected me. They wanted me off the computer but I denied them and told them that my time is needed to be spent here. Playing Civilization is similar to being locked in limbo. The only way out is to either win correctly or lose with dignity. If you intend to play for 5 minutes, make it a couple days. Your life will turn upside down and you wont know what hit you. Your girlfriend wants sex. What do you say?  NO! Sex is for the weak. This game will teach the ups and downs of society, religion, and war. It will teach you what the true meaning of greed is. Don't let your gaurd down, the  in Greece (The AI BOT), will  that you are 'too close' to their land.  them over when you get the chance, show all who is boss. 10/10 Get this game, 100% no regrets.
game-hours: 274.9
review: When using raid foam to kill an ant colony outside of my house... as I'm spraying i pictured in my mind how the ants would deal with the "fog of war" and then went to play CIV 5.
game-hours: 25.2
review: Spent hours building up Greece to become a super power in the modern age only to be backstabbed by Gahndi.
game-hours: 152.8
review: Um dos melhores jogos que existem. Quem nunca jogou no sabe o que esta perdendo.
game-hours: 62.3
review: The game is crack. Plain and simple. It will devour your life. Stay away.
game-hours: 202.8
review: Very Game, Much Strategy.
game-hours: 1077.8
review: sdfgh agfoGOOD GAME GET ALL EXPANSIONSEFDGFG
game-hours: 55.2
review: Defiantly buy this, this game is most likely the easiest way to waste time :D
game-hours: 597.5
review: Good game, Its a lot like Skyrim but with guns
game-hours: 290.0
review: Buy this, quit drugs. Most addictive game I have ever played. Absoluetly the best strategy game out there. 10/10
game-hours: 569.1
review: With the Brave New World expansion it became the best Civ game to date. I can't stop playing it! One... more... turn... Damn! It's 7 AM in the morning!
game-hours: 752.4
review: This game is one of the best time-wasters out in the market! The fact that you can also mod the game is amazing! Its a must get game!!!
game-hours: 106.5
review: i think its good if u like trun base games
game-hours: 34.9
review: I have learned one thing from playing this game: Dont mess with Gandhi. He doesnt forget. He doesnt forgive.
game-hours: 76.0
review: Strategy that looks like a chess. Its quite fun.
game-hours: 31.8
review: "Just one more turn..." -Said everyone who has ever played Civ V. *Played just one more turn* -No one who has stated the previous quote. Oh yeah, and f*** Ghandi.
game-hours: 195.3
review: Do you want to play for more than eight, sixteen or maybe twenty-four hours to become the greatest civilization in economy, religion, tourism, miltary power or religion? Well, if that is the case, this game is extremely addictive. When you start, you don't want to stop until your child, your fragile civilization, becomes the Owner of the World. I would say the only great defect of this game is the multiplayer. It improved a lot but still has some bugs and performance issues. No mention that is really hard to play with strangers without getting kicked or suffer quiters. An important note: the game improves a lot since Gods & Kings, and much more with Brave New World. The vainilla version lacks some importants features which make it too similar to his previous version Civilization IV which is dissapointing at least. But with a complete version, you have fun guarantee and if you bore of this, you can play the Scenarios to get some tasty variations.
game-hours: 28.1
review: Much rather contract the highest form of autism then play what is essientially a map simulator with a fresh coat of paint. After playing this game i got cancer in the eyes and i'm pretty sure i wanted to  my friend gary.
game-hours: 23.2
review: This game behaves just like women do: you have to wait for ages, and when it comes to multiplayer-action; the answer is no.
game-hours: 20.5
review: The best Turn-based strategy game i played.. they keep updating the game with large DLCs, it costs money but that makes the game durable. You never played a turn-based strategy game before? well Civilization 5 is a lot easier to play than the civilizaition games before. just try it, its awesome!
game-hours: 233.4
review: France is an
game-hours: 177.7
review: Whenever I play this game I can't stop. Maybe I have a problem.
game-hours: 798.2
review: Endless hours of fun. Once you begin a game it's very hard to stop playing just like all of the previous Civilization games. If I were to give this a 1-10 score, I'd give it a 9/10.
game-hours: 24.2
review: 9/10 will play again!
game-hours: 441.2
review: "One more turn" I swear...this time it's tru-wait  Ghandi has a  load of tanks at my capital's border.
game-hours: 414.9
review: One of my favourite games, have not been able to part with it since I bought the game. A real challenge on harder difficulties, with smart, aggresive AI's snapping at your heels. Never the same scenario twice. Would reccomend to all.
game-hours: 123.0
review: Where did all my time go?
game-hours: 139.4
review: If you want to spend hours playing just one map then this is the game for you. I just love it.
game-hours: 129.3
review: Great game, really good community behind it, it has a massive amount of replay value, I have spent countless hours playing and am still not bored.
game-hours: 999.4
review: This game, by far, is my favorite most replayable game I have. It never gets boring and is always different each time I play it. Recommended x1000!
game-hours: 160.3
review: One more turn... one more turn... oh, it's 4AM in the morning already?! Oh well, one more turn...
game-hours: 27.4
review: A hip hop The hippie to the hippie the Hip hip a hop and you don't stop, rock it Rock it out, Baby Bubba to the boogie da bang bang The boogie to the boogie, the beat. I said, I can't wait 'til the end of the week When I'm rappin' to the rhythm of a groovy beat And I attempt to raise your body heat. Just blow your mind, so you can't speak And do a thing but a-rock and shuffle your feet And let it change up to a dance called the freak And when you finally do come into your rhythmic beat, Reast a little while so you don't get weak. I know a man named Hank He has more rhymes than a serious bank So come on Hank, sing that song, To the rhythm of the boogie, the bang bang da bong!
game-hours: 463.3
review: Just one more turn... one more... *falls asleep at keyboard*
game-hours: 129.5
review: Civ 5 is a game which there is much fun to be had. You can easily get 70+ hours with this game. 10/10 must buy
game-hours: 477.6
review: Ignore all the griping you hear about Civ 5 being "dumbed down" or "too different from Civ 4." It's still a great strategy game, and with the Gods and Kings expansion just around the corner, it's going to get even better.
game-hours: 32.4
review: 8/10 This game takes so much time off your day and it is still so much fun, even though you just sit there and use one hand (just like watching adult films).One game takes hours, and that is when your settings are on quick mode (well I am not really sure, I am a casual gamer, not really competitive). Fun with friends. It is always so much fun building your own empire, whether you overpower your enemy or just simply build a utopia for your people and win through peace, the game is awesome. P.S. Just press "next turn" already...
game-hours: 38.2
review: GENGHIS WE COULD HAVE RULED THE WORLD
game-hours: 39.7
review: This is an awesome strategy game. I haven't played any earlier Civ games so I cannot comment on how it compares, but it definitely ranks in my favourite strategy games.
game-hours: 636.6
review: Normally I'd start this review off by saying something like "if you're into strategy games this is a must buy!" But ironically I, myself, am not a big fan of strategy games, so I think it speaks volumes to the entertainment value of this game when I have logged over 600 hours into Civ V yet don't identify myself as a lover of the turn based strategy genre. If you can grab this for a good price, it's absolutely a must buy!
game-hours: 22.5
review: Great game way better than civ 4
game-hours: 1274.6
review: I lost my life thanks to this game I can do nothing besides play civ 10/10
game-hours: 159.5
review: Be prepared to have a 12 hour gaming session, set the game down for 4-6 months, and then pick it up again for another half-day session. This game is a good way to sink a ton of time, but gets repetitive fairly fast.
game-hours: 114.9
review: Me Gusta
game-hours: 212.9
review: Stunning startagy game simply amazing
game-hours: 50.2
review: A real Turn-Based Strategy, balanced your civilation with Military, Diplomatic, Religion, Technology and Social Policy. Own the world, win the game.
game-hours: 333.6
review: This is ing drugs man
game-hours: 131.3
review: i reccomend this to people who like turn based strategy games. it is very fun, a little challenging at times, and is fun to play as all the civilazations to see what their unique units are
game-hours: 53.3
review: An extemly additicting stragey game that you can spend hours and hours. Also mmultiplayer is intense and never know what going to happen. Lots of play time for your dollar and a definite buy!
game-hours: 33.5
review: Nice SLG GAME very Deep content , Worth to bought it !!
game-hours: 73.1
review: you will not eat or sleep properly after you install this. just saying... 10/10 for you, 1/10 for your health, job, and significant other.
game-hours: 403.8
review: It makes meh happiy
game-hours: 556.7
review: Just look at the amount of time reviewers have spent playing this game... Yeah, it's that good. As other reviewers have mentioned, the game is newb-friendly. I was brand new to the Civ franchise, but thanks to the advisor system in the game, I was able to pick up the basics very quickly. After you've started feeling comfortable, or if you are not a newb in the first place, those advisors can easily be turned off in the options. This is a fantastic strategy game that will keeping you thinking for hours... Even when you're not playing! The gameplay is rich, deep and complex. I've spent over 400 hours with this game, and I still notice new things and consider different strategies. I started playing games on Warlord difficulty level (3 of 8), and I've advanced enough that I feel pretty confident on Emperor now (6 of 8). I recommend watching some Deity-level Let's Plays to help develop your understanding of the game and to consider some new strategies. Civ 5 is also stunningly beautiful. However, you can play it on older systems. When I got the game I was running a 2006 Dell Dimension E521 (with an AMD Athlon 64 3800 and an nVidia GT9500 (which I put in specifically so I could do some gaming), and it ran just fine on low to medium settings. It just got MORE beautiful when I built my new rig with a 4th gen Intel i7 and GTX760 and could run it on max settings. The music is also spectacular. I'm still listening to it (not muting it like some other games I play) during gameplay even after 400 hours! I have all the DLC, and I would highly recommend you go ahead and get the Complete Edition. Bare minimum though, get the Brave New World expansion. It adds so much richness to the base game. Enjoy building a civilization that will stand the test of time!
game-hours: 10.8
review: Frozr, Highly recommend it!
game-hours: 396.0
review: .
game-hours: 1583.9
review: If your looking for a review of Civ V, just get it. How have you played video games and never gotten this series?
game-hours: 58.1
review: One of the best turn-based strategy games EVER, basically unlimited replayibility, especially with every game's length and production trees...
game-hours: 69.9
review: With both expansions this game rivals all other civilizations. A solid 10/10.
game-hours: 176.0
review: Very damn fun strategy game though it would be better if the multiplayer AI weren't .
game-hours: 335.9
review: wow such awesome much fun wow
game-hours: 34.7
review: I started playing this morning, why is it dark now?
game-hours: 322.9
review: I liked everything about it until my laptop overheated from it. 11/10 would play if I could.
game-hours: 265.7
review: yep buy buy
game-hours: 64.9
review: Allows a great story of the civilizations of the past and present! I highly recomend it to all you history obbsesors!!!!
game-hours: 63.0
review: nice
game-hours: 488.9
review: Who doesn't like going around destroying your friends hard work and laughing in their face, no but seriously this game is really awesome it brings back memories of old conquest games and this one is just the next level of awesome. Really nice designed layout and overall feel. They only problem i did have with the game was the fact the maps even on large were not actually that big, i always seem to be close to somebody. But overall this game rocks and you should try it and build a civilization to stand the test of time :P
game-hours: 215.4
review: One of the best games I've every played. Highly addictive. Must play. If you think you won't like it, you're wrong. So very, very wrong.
game-hours: 58.7
review: I bought this game without any idea of what to expect. Took some time to understand, but now I think it's a really great game! It's different than other strategy games, but I think it's nice not having to be quick, since I never been to good at that. I recommend it strongly, especially if you like strategy with more thinking time.
game-hours: 420.1
review: but did you get brave new world? DID YOU? GO GET IT! NOW!
game-hours: 71.8
review: This game ruins friendships.
game-hours: 47.7
review: This took my life. This took my soul. This took my everything. How can someone create such an addicting game? I mean, I don't normally even like strategy-based games. Still, in just a few days I have accomplished to play 30 hours of this game. At first, I tried it with my friends on multiplayer. I had NO idea what to do, and succeeded to build a city. Then after a few turns I tried to understand it a bit, and at last, I took an interest in the game. Later on, I started a singleplayer save, and hot damn it took time to get off the computer. Everything about the game is great. So many different Civilizations, so many choices for your world's shape. Also, running out of people to play as is no problem, there is always the workshop. I just love how you start as a one small town, and at the end you are some kind of gigantic nation. But that of course depend on how you play it. Also I like about how many things you can do in this game. You can research all kinds of things, you can build all kinds of buildings, and you can train all kinds of units. 10/5 would buy again (even though a friend gifted this to me) BUY IT. NOW.
game-hours: 359.5
review: Pretty cool Strategy game, try it out!
game-hours: 11.5
review: always has been a great game.
game-hours: 27.1
review: this game was surprisingly good. i don't like strategy games but this one was awesome
game-hours: 133.3
review: one of the best strategy games ive played, challenging and fun, but be ready for very long games
game-hours: 355.6
review: This installment of the Civilization franchise has the best gameplay you will find in any Civilization game. Guiding an empire from fledgling tribal city into world spanning empire is amazing, and does not get stale, even over many iterations of founding and building nations. Excellent graphics help add to the game, and the fact that Leonard Nimoy does loads of voicework in the game is great. Overall, highly recommend the game and the expansion packs for it, including Gods & Kings, and Brave New World, which add new civilizations, scenarios, and units that keep the game interesting.
game-hours: 167.3
review: Swaggy McBalls
game-hours: 246.2
review: Perfection.
game-hours: 14.0
review: F*ck you Ghandi!
game-hours: 24.5
review: Civ 5 is a brilliant game. It provides hours of fun and entertainment, takes some time getting used to but when you do you won't stop playing for a while.
game-hours: 58.8
review: El juego cumbre de la estrategia, no te lo pierdas!!
game-hours: 86.2
review: just... just one more turn...dammit! 10/10
game-hours: 283.7
review: I thoroughly enjoy this game it is not as fast as a game like starcraft but still has that feel to it
game-hours: 70.9
review: Life consuming
game-hours: 591.5
review: i got so addicted buy it now
game-hours: 225.1
review: Great turn-based game. Amazing graphics and infinite possibilities and endings.
game-hours: 249.3
review: It smells of succession and addiction
game-hours: 409.2
review: Good
game-hours: 184.3
review: This is without doubt the greatest turn-based strategy game ever made.
game-hours: 79.9
review: Gandhi whooped me so hard that I wish I had died to barbarians back in ancient. 11/10 for realism.
game-hours: 333.3
review: This game is highly entertaining. The city managment, resources aquirement, and combat is top notch for a turn-based strategy. It has eaten away at countless of my hours and I still play it. One of my favorite strategy games easily. When you first start the game will seem overwhelming with alll sorts of meters, counters and menus that you don't know the function of, but don't worry, you will learn. The list of different civilizations is very vast, espicially with dlc. (which I urge you to get). Each civilization gets unique stuff such as buildings, improvements, units, and abilities. Each civ is balanced and is geared toward a certain victory type; Domination (take over the world using your military), Cultural, (influencing the world with social policies, or with dlc tourism), Science, (Launching an intergalactic space ship) (Must have A LOT of techs to aquire), and diplomatic, (Get the enough votes for world leader). For example Japan is geared toward domination, because their unique ability is that their units fight at full strength no matter how damaged they are. This game is amazing and anyone who enjoys long strategy games will LOVE it. The multiplayer makes it all the more fun with countless back stabbing, allainces, and political conversations between friends. I give this game a well deserved 8.5/10
game-hours: 319.2
review: Great for a bigger LAN with your friends. THERE IS NO STOPPING MID GAME. YOU PLAY IT ALL IN ONE SESSION? GOT IT?! You think you can just stop the game and socialize with people? NO! The game eats you whole without a warning.
game-hours: 137.2
review: Much strategic strategy 10/2 - bad game IGN
game-hours: 351.2
review: .   ,    Total War.   ,  ,  ,      ,    .      ,     : "  ..."     !
game-hours: 34.3
review: This game was very dumbed-down compared to civ 4, nontheless it has unlimited replayability and enjoyable gameplay. Overall 9/10
game-hours: 1245.2
review: Have you ever once looked into yourself in a self-reflective manner, contemplating existence as you stared into a mirror, and wondered?: "What would it like to have George Washington and Genghis Khan duke it out against eachother in a battle for world-domination?" With Civilization, you can accomplish this. CiV is not a game that requires many reflexes; in fact, it requires no reflexes at all; it trades this in for being vexingly complex, filled head-to-toe with different stats and numbers and other things which will have your mind moving faster than it would in your average game, but your mouse much slower. Whether this is a "good" or "bad" characteristic depends on your tastes; if you like action-packed FPSes filled with massive explosions and a fervor of button-tapping, CiV will disappoint you. If you like calming, casual puzzle games where you mix and match coloured gems or other such objects; CiV will disappoint you. However, if you like spending hours slowly building up your empire, moving military units to resources and strategic positions, and discussing diplomatic policies with AIs or your friends with a similar lack of a social life; CiV will *not* dissapoint you; in fact, quite the opposite. CiV is interesting as it has a variety of different playstyles; perhaps you want to create world peace as Gustavus Adolphus of Sweden? Or send a spaceship to Alpha Centauri as Nebuchadnezzar of Babylon? Or raze across the land like a fire, destroying and conquering all in your way as Attila of the Huns? CiV endorses multiple different playstyles which make the game interesting; and different civs have different abilties which make others better at some playstyles; most of which are *fairly* balanced, although some civs can't help but be somewhat mediocre (e.g., America, The Ottoman Empire [before BNW], The Iroquois Confederacy), at least in comparison to others. If a single-player game seems to drag on for too long, CiV has a solution; multi-player. You can team up with your friends for a co-op, split up into tag-teams and viciously try to take eachother down, or even play an "every man for himself" strategy. The one problem is that, unfortunately, multi-player does seem to have quite a few glitches; although these aren't game-breaking, they can be quite the nuisance at times. I'm somewhat hopeful that Firaxis will make an attempt to deal with some of these. To end this short, spur-of-the-moment review; CiV is a game I highly suggest; unless you want to have a social-life, as buying it -and, hence, becoming addicted to it- will often severely damage your "life" to the point of being unsalvageable.
game-hours: 33.3
review: Love It
game-hours: 264.7
review: Sid Meier's Civ 5 is the latest forray into civilization building from this acclaimed series. It is also the first in the series that I have played, so my review of the game is unbiased by the previous installments. Many have said that "Civ 3 is the best" or that "Civ 4 is the only one to play" but I've found that Civ 5 is an excellent game that stands quite easily on its own merits and is definitely worth a play by anyone that enjoys a long, drawn out, turn based civilization management game. Pros: Wonderfully polished Many civilizations to choose from Great music Extremely variable gameplay Cons: Some DX Bugs Resource intensive (laptops tend to lag) Might spend TOO much time playing this game A relaxing game that you can dump hours into. This is one of the best multiplayer games that I've had the joy of playing, and singleplayer is also a blast. The expansion, Gods and Kings, while expensive, is totally worth purchasing. The other DLC is good, but since there's so much of it wait for a sale. A
game-hours: 132.1
review: Veterans of the Civilizations franchise may be immediately put off by the lack of features in this hexagonal iteration, but the expansions (GK+BNW) add a lot of content back and Steam frequently has them for sale. To be honest the smaller scale of warfare due to 1-army-per-square and reduced warfare abilities in general as a result put me off at first. However, I really came to appreciate how much more significant country borders became as a result of this, making each expansion risky due to quick flanking maneuvers by the AI. I still think the AI for Civ is still too predictable and even when set on random, a bit harsh depending on your difficulty level. Still recommend the game for fans and newcomers, you will easily end up spending way more time than you thought carving your perfect Civ.
game-hours: 122.3
review: Civ 5 is probably one of my all time favorite games. Though not as in depth as other Civ games, Civ 5 is an amazing game worth playing. Reply value is incredible, every civilization is unique and different in many ways, and never seems to get boring thanks to a wide variety of difficulty settings and expansion packs. I highly recommend this to anyone who is new to strategy games, or to any experienced veteran out there. I also recommend the expansion packs to improve gameplay. Civ 5, to say the least, is a truly remarkable piece of art. And quite addicting at that. The AI may be a little funky at times, but that is to be expected for nearly every game. I would pay 50 dollars for this game (evidently that was the price when it first came out), it is just that good, and that is saying something for myself because I am quite frugal and prefer to only purchase games when they are on sale. This is one of those games that you will be up till 4 a.m. in the morning, telling yourself, "just one more turn......"
game-hours: 117.1
review: Ever wondered what the world would be like if the Shoshone tribes had tanks and machine guns to battle some samurais? Or if Ghandi was held prisoner by Genghis Khan and after many centuries of captivity, India was saved by the Irish? Civ V is a very well furnished strategy game where the smallest quarell over some truffles can cause heinous wars. Building, trading, invading/evading, Civ V is all about those stuffs. Some drawbacks though, it is a real time consummer. Also, the game is less meaningfull (not complete) without Gods & Kings and A Brave New World: two extensions that make this game a killer. So prepare your settlers and equip yourself with some fine diplomacy and strategy! (with numerous and technically more advanced troups on the side just in case).
game-hours: 305.4
review: An amazing game if you like strategy games. Has plenty of gameplay, can keep you hooked for literally hundreds of hours. And since the strategy is turn based, you have no rush to play moves off quickly, like an RTS. But still, wished it ran a bit faster and the loading time is a bit long, but otherwise a great game. 10/10 WOULD BANG.... I MEAN BUY.
game-hours: 55.9
review: Amazing game, I was reluctant at first, saw it pop-up a bunch of times in reviews but I couldn't understand why people like it so much, from the screenshots it seemed like a simple tabletop game, boy was I wrong. This game will keep you playing and playing for hours, just one more turn, just one more turn. P.S. don't expect to finish a game in one go; games tend to last for days.
game-hours: 499.3
review: With all the expansions, Civ V is an extremely well executed strategic game true to its root. Full of content and endlessly replayable with friends. Had quite a few hiccups in multiplayer, but now they are largely fixed. Steep price to get with all the DLC, but well worth it.
game-hours: 409.9
review: In four words - "Best of a kind"! Totally recommend it!
game-hours: 927.8
review: verygood stratigec game
game-hours: 426.1
review: What makes this game is the Expansions, they add lots of content and make the game more enjoyable. With this game you can play as Caeser in 2024 sending a nuke to the warmongering Ghandi. If you like historical accuracy/plausability you may be shocked by this, if you like absurdity and grandness but want a challenge you'll like this. If your new to Grand strategy game this is a good starter as the UI is laid out well and very easy to access. A good game can last for 12 hours from start to finish. I have to force myself not to click the "One more turn" button
game-hours: 58.0
review: This game asks one simple question: Can you build a nation that will stand the test of time? Its not an easy question to work out "yes" to if you're looking for a challenge. The AI might be random at times or it might be entirely logical, But from playing it I've learned you should always keep on your toes. Outside of easy, the computer players can outmatch you but not just militarily - unless you hit the ground running you can be quickly overshadowed. This incarnation of the Civilization franchise makes a lot of changes, namely the switch from a grid to hexagons and the removal of the ability to stack units. Some people loathe this but after playing it i've found the whole thing less of a meatgrinder; no throwing your army at a stack of 23 armies on one square, no 31+ stack of armies lying in wait when you attack an enemy city. In fact the system makes it more viable and likely to surround a city (which is what happened in most wars by the way) rather than charge headlong at it with a bulk army. Every detail of the world is beautifully rendered, sometimes I found myself panning the camera over my and my enemies' civs imagining what life is like in the piece of Earth they have carved out. Gods and Kings and Brave New World - its epansions - at a ton of variety to the game. The culture victory option for example, involves tourism and cultural influence, which is how places like America, Japan and the UK ingrain their cultural mannerisms elsewhere in the real world. The game is not just beautiful on a strategic level; I'm a fan of history and culture and this game is bursting at the seams with it, especially with Brave New World; every technology has an associated quote be it a passage of a holy book, a line from a Greek, Roman or Shakesperian play or a phrase coined by a legendary person. Every world wonder you complete shows you an oil-on-canvas painting of it complete with a quote that relates to its purpose or its reputation, in the second expansion your great people can world-renowned paintings and compositions which you, the player, can enjoy for yourself. It makes you want to build wonders even more if this is your kind of thing. Whether you're an empire builder at heart, passionate for history, love high culture or just enjoy watching burning everything to the ground. This is a worthy addition to the franchise so get this, get the expansions too (even if you're nonreligions, Gods and Kings adds a lot of other stuff to the game), this game would be ideal for you. Just don't expect to be done in a three-hour session; Civ is not a game for the twitch player. Its famous for that.
game-hours: 11.9
review: Love the game and have loved it since Civ I. Played all through out my life and get hooked each and every time I start it up
game-hours: 172.0
review: Great game good graphics i would recommend this game
game-hours: 90.7
review: You won't be able to just have one more turn, you fool
game-hours: 107.4
review: Civilization 5 is addicting and fun
game-hours: 45.2
review: Well worth the money, long gameplay and obviously great replayability
game-hours: 80.5
review: great game
game-hours: 24.3
review: Is grate
game-hours: 304.7
review: Lost countless hours to this game. Would reccomend.
game-hours: 450.0
review: Dis game so cool just get bnw
game-hours: 300.1
review: By far one of the greatest strategy games of all time, the addictive nature of Civ is in its unique ability to completely invest you into the civilization you create and grow. Through violent conquest or peaceful cunning, the game's near infinite number of ways to be played adds a replayability unrivaled by any game before it save some modern FPS's. As one of my top 5 games of all time, I cannot recommend this game enough.
game-hours: 31.5
review: This game ruins friendships... 10/10
game-hours: 62.2
review: A game that helps you learn if your friends are  or not.
game-hours: 364.5
review: Fun game. A strategy with a turn based system, gamers that enjoy slower pace should go for this game. 8/10
game-hours: 109.9
review: No better way to waste your entire weekend.
game-hours: 53.4
review: Very awesome strategy game a must have for anyone
game-hours: 403.5
review: Words cant describe how much I love this game... But numbers can: 8/10
game-hours: 78.9
review: its civilization nuff said
game-hours: 146.3
review: 9/10 Few minor bugs but with a great replay value, with sessions that can last for 6+ hours. Decent variety in gameplay & gametypes, with alterable features such as core & dlc civilizations and artifical intelligence. Great fun to play with friends, but lag can be present with high AI counts and world sizes.
game-hours: 30.8
review: Civilization V is a top notch strategy game.It is both appealing for non experienced players and for hardcore fans.It keeps you on your toes from the first turns.My favorite part of the game is the early game.When your main objective is to explore the map.I am always excited about the civilizations that I meet,the resources that I find and the various natural wonders.During the early game I am planning the expansion of my civilization depending on these factors. I also enjoy this a lot because I like history.You learn an awful lot about the history of these civilizations just by playing. The combat is great,there are tons of strategies that you can adopt.Plenty of units and tons of variations because of the terrain.The replay-ability of the game is huge. The vanilla version of the game has some problems,but with all the DLCs and the patches,the game is truly amazing. If you are even a little bit attracted to strategy games.Civilization V should be on your list with all the DLCs!
game-hours: 106.4
review: Tons of fun, multiplayer is great for ruining friendships.
game-hours: 62.8
review: It all started when our protagonist, Civ 5, woke up in a pumpkin patch. It was the fourth time it had happened. Feeling ridiculously exasperated, Civ 5 groped a sock, thinking it would make him feel better (but as usual, it did not). Unexpectedly, he realized that his beloved  of truth was missing! Immediately he called his friend, Leroy Jenkins. Civ 5 had known Leroy Jenkins for (plus or minus) one million years, the majority of which were sassy ones. Leroy Jenkins was unique. He was intelligent though sometimes a little... dimwitted. Civ 5 called him anyway, for the situation was urgent. Leroy Jenkins picked up to a very happy Civ 5. Leroy Jenkins calmly assured him that most koalas yawn before mating, yet otters usually earnestly grimace *after* mating. He had no idea what that meant; he was only concerned with distracting Civ 5. Why was Leroy Jenkins trying to distract Civ 5? Because he had snuck out from Civ 5's with the  of truth only four days prior. It was a saucy little  of truth... how could he resist? It didn't take long before Civ 5 got back to the subject at hand: his  of truth. Leroy Jenkins sighed. Relunctantly, Leroy Jenkins invited him over, assuring him they'd find the  of truth. Civ 5 grabbed his desk and disembarked immediately. After hanging up the phone, Leroy Jenkins realized that he was in trouble. He had to find a place to hide the  of truth and he had to do it thoughtfully. He figured that if Civ 5 took the truck, he had take at least eleven minutes before Civ 5 would get there. But if he took the ? Then Leroy Jenkins would be alarmingly screwed. Before he could come up with any reasonable ideas, Leroy Jenkins was interrupted by seven abrasive aligators that were lured by his  of truth. Leroy Jenkins sighed; 'Not again', he thought. Feeling frustrated, he thoughtfully reached for his mitten and aptly backhanded every last one of them. Apparently this was an adequate deterrent--the discouraged critters began to scurry back toward the thicket, squealing with discontent. He exhaled with relief. That's when he heard the  rolling up. It was Civ 5. ----o0o---- As he pulled up, he felt a sense of urgency. He had had to make an unscheduled stop at Wal-Mart to pick up a 12-pack of pencils, so he knew he was running late. With a calculated leap, Civ 5 was out of the  and went indiscriminately jaunting toward Leroy Jenkins's front door. Meanwhile inside, Leroy Jenkins was panicking. Not thinking, he tossed the  of truth into a box of mittens and then slid the box behind his piano. Leroy Jenkins was concerned but at least the  of truth was concealed. The doorbell rang. 'Come in,' Leroy Jenkins sassily purred. With a careful push, Civ 5 opened the door. 'Sorry for being late, but I was being chased by some funny-smelling maniac in a Vette,' he lied. 'It's fine,' Leroy Jenkins assured him. Civ 5 took a seat vaguely close to where Leroy Jenkins had hidden the  of truth. Leroy Jenkins cringed trying unsuccessfully to hide his nervousness. 'Uhh, can I get you anything?' he blurted. But Civ 5 was distracted. Without warning, Leroy Jenkins noticed a selfish look on Civ 5's face. Civ 5 slowly opened his mouth to speak. '...What's that smell?' Leroy Jenkins felt a stabbing pain in his butt when Civ 5 asked this. In a moment of disbelief, he realized that he had hidden the  of truth right by his oscillating fan. 'Wh-what? I don't smell anything..!' A lie. A insensitive look started to form on Civ 5's face. He turned to notice a box that seemed clearly out of place. 'Th-th-those are just my grandma's mittens from when she used to have pet bunnies. She, uh...dropped 'em by here earlier'. Civ 5 nodded with fake acknowledgement...then, before Leroy Jenkins could react, Civ 5 randomly lunged toward the box and opened it. The  of truth was plainly in view. Civ 5 stared at Leroy Jenkins for what what must've been four seconds. Unexpectedly, Leroy Jenkins groped wildly in Civ 5's direction, clearly desperate. Civ 5 grabbed the  of truth and bolted for the door. It was locked. Leroy Jenkins let out a eccentric chuckle. 'If only you hadn't been so protective of that thing, none of this would have happened, Civ 5,' he rebuked. Leroy Jenkins always had been a little insensitive, so Civ 5 knew that reconciliation was not an option; he needed to escape before Leroy Jenkins did something crazy, like... start chucking mittens at him or something. All of a sudden, he gripped his  of truth tightly and made a dash toward the window, diving headlong through the glass panels. Leroy Jenkins looked on, blankly. 'What the hell? That seemed excessive. The other door was open, you know.' Silence from Civ 5. 'And to think, I varnished that window frame nine days ago...it never ends!' Suddenly he felt a tinge of concern for Civ 5. 'Oh. You ..okay?' Still silence. Leroy Jenkins walked over to the window and looked down. Civ 5 was gone. ----o0o---- Just yonder, Civ 5 was struggling to make his way through the pumpkin patch behind Leroy Jenkins's place. Civ 5 had severely hurt his arm during the window incident, and was starting to lose strength. Another pack of feral aligators suddenly appeared, having caught wind of the  of truth. One by one they latched on to Civ 5. Already weakened from his injury, Civ 5 yielded to the furry onslaught and collapsed. The last thing he saw before losing consciousness was a buzzing horde of aligators running off with his  of truth. About seven hours later, Civ 5 awoke, his butt throbbing. It was dark and Civ 5 did not know where he was. Deep in the humid desert, Civ 5 was abundantly lost. A few minutes later, he remembered that his  of truth was taken by the aligators. But at that point, he was just thankful for his life. That's when, to his horror, a oversized aligator emerged from the cornfield. It was the alpha aligator. Civ 5 opened his mouth to scream but was cut short when the aligator sunk its teeth into Civ 5's face. With a faint groan, the life escaped from Civ 5's lungs, but not before he realized that he was a failure. Less than two miles away, Leroy Jenkins was entombed by anguish over the loss of the  of truth. 'MY PRECIOUS!!' he cried, as he reached for a sharpened spoon. With a heroic thrust, he buried it deeply into his neck. As the room began to fade to black, he thought about Civ 5... wishing he had found the courage to tell him that he loved him. But he would die alone that day. All that remained was the  of truth that had turned them against each other, ultimately causing their demise. And as the dew on melancholy sappling branches began to reflect the dawn's reddish glare, all that could be heard was the chilling cry of distant aligators, desecrating all things sacred to virtuous men, and perpetuating an evil that would reign for centuries to come. Our heroes would've lived unhappily ever after, but they were too busy being dead. So, no one lived forever after, the end. :'(
game-hours: 95.5
review: I have no regrets buying this game. I am hooked. You will become addicted to this game so say goodbye to your friends family and life. Looking forward to the next installment of "Beyond Earth".
game-hours: 195.5
review: One of the best strategy games i own.
game-hours: 1461.2
review: THIS GAME HAS SWAG
game-hours: 467.9
review: One of the best games I have ever played, it constantly introduces new ways to be fun, and allowes for several hundred gaming hours. Civ has a single player that on its own is amazing and also has a multiplayer that is massively fun. 10/10
game-hours: 458.9
review: There's no other game like Civilization when it comes to human civilization technological evolution. I have loved this franchise since I was a kid from the first game for PC. Thank you for making such well developed strategic game, I spend many hours of enjoyment on it ; )
game-hours: 257.1
review: Fantastic strategy game, very easy to pick up and extremely addicting. Highly recommended for anyone who enjoys history or just raising a great civilization. 10/10
game-hours: 269.1
review: Your civilization can only last for so long, but barbarians are forever.
game-hours: 163.3
review: This game is just so fun and addictive, out of all the games I have, I like this one the most. This will be played even 10 years after it's launch. If you like the age of empires series, then this is one you must get. But I do reccomend checking it out online first.
game-hours: 141.2
review: By far my favorite strategy game. It's an enhanced version of Chess on an enriched field of play with the ability to create units on demand.
game-hours: 47.8
review: This game is very interesting and I can play it for hours. It is very realistic and has great depth. My friend got me this for my birthday and I'm glad he did. This is a must-have.
game-hours: 81.8
review: Great game for anyone with enough time to sit and play for 4-5 hours straight
game-hours: 79.5
review: Good game with clear graphics, it works on my comr even though it's fairly old.
game-hours: 34.2
review: Civ5 is an epic and complex analytic game. Whatsoever, I can recommend it to everybody who likes turn-based strategy and folks who like to use their brain. When you're playing Call-of- and else, don't buy Civ5, I really believe your neurological structure mass will be damaged when you try to find out how the game mechanics of this dainty videogame would work. Hm, yes, I'm really certain you would die. Exruciating and without blessedness and love. Doesn't matter, the game is easier than Civ IV and it has it's own stupidity (click the right thing, next round, click the right thing, next round - oh a nuclear bomb! - click the right thing, next round) but it's in principle good mastered so that it isn't in evidence. Enjoy - or buy Civ IV, both are good, the older is better but the recent is more modern.
game-hours: 461.4
review: This will eat your day up
game-hours: 254.7
review: Civ v is without a doubt one of the best games on steam. Everyone i know who played this game enjoyed it thoroughly. The replay value is amazing! both expansions add some real new dimensions and do a great job to alter the game mechanics in a way that no other expansion has before. Stop reading... you should be playing Civ V
game-hours: 133.9
review: Truly a great game, i hope the dev team just irons out a couple more bugs in mp stability.
game-hours: 112.3
review: I have been playing Civilization since I received a copy of Civilization II as a child. What an enjoyable way to learn about history. If you bother to read the Civilopedia, and do some cursory research on anything that strikes your interest after, the reward is great. Not enough explosions and breasts in this one though. And where is my Snoop Dogg narration? I thought this was America.
game-hours: 77.8
review: Gandhi
game-hours: 326.7
review: This is one of my favourite games to play. It will take away all your time and also your firstborn. But it's worth it.
game-hours: 512.6
review: Almost 350 hours in...and I still want more!
game-hours: 109.1
review: A game so addictive it will eat your soul. The game feels extremely rewarding no matter which victory path you choose, be it Diplomatic Victory, Space Race, Domination Victory, or Cultural Victory. Each game expansion DLC drastically changes the game, from the launch cinematics to core game mechanics, making the DLCs worth their value. From Great Wonders, Great People, Great Works of Art and Literature, to Social Policies and Idealogy, the game also incorporates historical places, people, and ideas into the game, making it even more attractive to our inner history-nerds.
game-hours: 201.2
review: Pretty good. Buy it. That's all.
game-hours: 304.7
review: Lost countless hours to this game. Would reccomend.
game-hours: 450.0
review: Dis game so cool just get bnw
game-hours: 300.1
review: By far one of the greatest strategy games of all time, the addictive nature of Civ is in its unique ability to completely invest you into the civilization you create and grow. Through violent conquest or peaceful cunning, the game's near infinite number of ways to be played adds a replayability unrivaled by any game before it save some modern FPS's. As one of my top 5 games of all time, I cannot recommend this game enough.
game-hours: 31.5
review: This game ruins friendships... 10/10
game-hours: 62.2
review: A game that helps you learn if your friends are  or not.
game-hours: 123.9
review: Never trust Gandhi. Not once, not ever.
game-hours: 89.3
review: it is good yes
game-hours: 132.9
review: So Addicting!!! Great Game. Love to Play with friends! 10/10
game-hours: 110.5
review: (   ) sid meiers, ladies and gents (   )
game-hours: 114.4
review: I recommend this game becuase it is good
game-hours: 127.9
review: This game is awesome and very addicting. Everytime I need to do something I'll say to myself oh I'll stop at 1 o'clock and then 1 comes and goes and I keep on playing. Only play this game when have lots of time to dedicate to it and do not have other important things to do. Addtionally, the community for making mods for this game is great. There is wide variety of mods to use to spice up gameplay and to give you new game modes to play.
game-hours: 33.8
review: As the first Civilization game i play, i must say it's amazing. At first i found the HUD a bit hard to understand, but after learning the basics, i've got hooked! It's just addictive, in a good way. I also have to mention the educational side of it because i actually learned a thing or two about history and geography.
game-hours: 386.0
review: This game is a next-level strategy game. Civ V is a masterpiece and now the standard for all strategy 4 EX games, and don't be suprised if you see more hex based games popping up. Civ V isn't the great game it is without the expantions, unfortuantely, and you might think it wanting for more civs unless you get the expansions, which are huge by the way. Civ V is another classic in the series, and it is an experience that you should want to be apart of unless you hate strategy games in general. This is one of the Priemer games on PC, and is definately a must buy for any hard core gamer.
game-hours: 49.4
review: Extremely addicting. I find myself saying one more turn and before I know it I've played 50 more turns. It's better when you have Brave New World, Gods and Kings, and all the DLCs. If you see a sale, jump on it quick. Paying full price is worth it, but not recommended. Just....one.....more...turn.
game-hours: 43.4
review: THIS GAME IS AWESOME! I sat there for 6 hours and it felt like 15 minutes. Also I'm friends with the "One more turn" logic so I keep saying I'll play one more turn, but that turns into 30 or 40 or 178... MUST BUY THIS!!!!
game-hours: 71.9
review: My favourite game of all time 10 of 10 in everything.
game-hours: 408.1
review: Dont play this game with Antis507 he is a crazy paranoid warmonger if you see him in a multiplayer game: RUN FOR YOUR LIFE. Anyway nice game 9,8/10
game-hours: 104.3
review: amazing game. I can play for hours and still have fun. looks lovely and has lots of content. 10/10 recommend to EVERYONE!
game-hours: 92.5
review: Fun game that I enjoy playing, but I don't enjoy it chrashing and losing all of my progress,
game-hours: 543.0
review: you should buy this computer game
game-hours: 298.2
review: It is a good game. Prepare to spend hours on one game, but it is totally worth it.
game-hours: 148.2
review: Good game, worth it. Stays true to the Civ legacy while also innovating itself! Enjoying it a lot!
game-hours: 76.3
review: Perfect)
game-hours: 37.7
review: This game is by far the perfect strategy game. The gameplay, AI and general fun surpasses all of its competitors, and its ability to eat up your life is completely unparalleled. I would recommend this game to everyone. Gandhi's a  though.
game-hours: 130.0
review: This is a great game of stragety, and dominance. I ighly recomend it, if you are a strategy type of person
game-hours: 470.4
review: I have spent over 400 hours playing this game and it just never gets old. It is especially engaging once you by Gods & Kings and Brave New World DLCs, which add religion, ideology, and dozens of new leaders. This game is simply a must buy.
game-hours: 237.0
review: A very addicting and absolutely fantastic game! If you can pick up both map packs with the game itself for a reduced price it is definitely worth getting.. The content and AI tweaks and changes make a big difference when playing. Even though I have played (only) 103 hrs when writing this review, there are still many, many different civilisations I have yet to play. If you are new to Civilisation games, there are many tutorials on Steam to look through. The in-game tutorials are pretty decent as well.
game-hours: 116.4
review: A really good game! The single player is very good and the multiplayer is even better. but it's the DLC that really makes the game come alive. The Mods don't always work.
game-hours: 36.6
review: This is game is meant to destroy your life from the inside out while you slowly take over a virtual world. Nuff' said.
game-hours: 74.4
review: ING AWSOME GAME GUYS CHECK IT OUT (its prob gonna take some getting used t its different)
game-hours: 22.7
review: Make wiping India off the face of the Earth the first priority of every single one of your games.
game-hours: 134.0
review: Great way to spend many hours, A good casual 4X
game-hours: 313.7
review: Good
game-hours: 245.0
review: God i love this game
game-hours: 274.7
review: Best Game ever
game-hours: 38.1
review: dumb and hard. takes forever for other people to move. they're dumb.
game-hours: 28.7
review: "Unfortunately, not everyone in my country is as committed to non-violence as I am" - Gandhi
game-hours: 348.4
review: If you enjoy air, you will LOVE this game!!!(Go ahead try not breathing....)
game-hours: 282.1
review: Its very good with friends a bit crap by yourself because the AI is stupid. Very fun and always engaging. Gandi is a very violent man in this game.
game-hours: 110.7
review: The only game where my internet will support online play, it being fun is just a bonus.
game-hours: 717.7
review: After all, one of the best games of all time.
game-hours: 32.1
review: Great game. started playing at 12PM. When i stopped it was 11 pm. Just dont play before anything important then you will be fine.
game-hours: 944.4
review: Its Amazing
game-hours: 320.5
review: Brilliant game, a must play even if you don't like eagle eye strategy games! If you're bored just whack this one it'll make 10 hours go by fast!
game-hours: 24.7
review: The Best Civilization of the whole franchise so far! Totally recommended to even gamers with no experience in strategy at all. Very friendly and informative menus coming with awesome graffics and the characteristical "just one more turn" gameplay! A must get for everyone! P.S. Thanks man for gifting it to me <3
game-hours: 230.5
review: THIS IS A FUN GAME WHERE YOU WILL SPEND THE REST OF YOUR WAKING HOURS TRYING TO CONQUER THAT  MONTEZUMA AND HIS  REGIME OF  CULTURE ING
game-hours: 19.2
review: its alright
game-hours: 542.8
review: If I had to choose between this, or satisfying my Heroin addiction, I would choose this.
game-hours: 125.5
review: Highly addictive game! Recommended for all turnbased strategy fans
game-hours: 319.5
review: Great game. Fun without DLC, and DLC make it feel like a whole new game, or a whole new world (<----Pun).
game-hours: 364.8
review: The game is very fun and can keep you busy. It is laid out very well and generaly a fantastic game
game-hours: 424.7
review: I have no idea what all the fuss is about, Ghandi is a push over. but don't get me started on them Ottomans! friends the entire game, deals in their favour and gold gifts when they are in need of assistance. but i nuke one enemy city and ooooo i'm power hungry and need to be taken care of.
game-hours: 120.0
review: There's something about taking over Tamriel with celestia as your long time ally, then suddenly the penisface city states declare war on me. time to break out the tsar bombs again...
game-hours: 57.4
review: Are you serious ? You need a review for CIVILIZATION V and/or expansions ? You had to spend all your life living under a rock, just go, buy and play it if you didn`t already. Yes ! IT IS awesome. Just never ever play it "for a while" before you will go to sleep, it will not going to happen until your wife/fiance will come and slap you. "Just one more turn" syndrome is strong in it, i double dare you !
game-hours: 58.7
review: I bought this game without any idea of what to expect. Took some time to understand, but now I think it's a really great game! It's different than other strategy games, but I think it's nice not having to be quick, since I never been to good at that. I recommend it strongly, especially if you like strategy with more thinking time.
game-hours: 160.3
review: One more turn... one more turn... oh, it's 4AM in the morning already?! Oh well, one more turn...
game-hours: 132.1
review: Veterans of the Civilizations franchise may be immediately put off by the lack of features in this hexagonal iteration, but the expansions (GK+BNW) add a lot of content back and Steam frequently has them for sale. To be honest the smaller scale of warfare due to 1-army-per-square and reduced warfare abilities in general as a result put me off at first. However, I really came to appreciate how much more significant country borders became as a result of this, making each expansion risky due to quick flanking maneuvers by the AI. I still think the AI for Civ is still too predictable and even when set on random, a bit harsh depending on your difficulty level. Still recommend the game for fans and newcomers, you will easily end up spending way more time than you thought carving your perfect Civ.
game-hours: 122.3
review: Civ 5 is probably one of my all time favorite games. Though not as in depth as other Civ games, Civ 5 is an amazing game worth playing. Reply value is incredible, every civilization is unique and different in many ways, and never seems to get boring thanks to a wide variety of difficulty settings and expansion packs. I highly recommend this to anyone who is new to strategy games, or to any experienced veteran out there. I also recommend the expansion packs to improve gameplay. Civ 5, to say the least, is a truly remarkable piece of art. And quite addicting at that. The AI may be a little funky at times, but that is to be expected for nearly every game. I would pay 50 dollars for this game (evidently that was the price when it first came out), it is just that good, and that is saying something for myself because I am quite frugal and prefer to only purchase games when they are on sale. This is one of those games that you will be up till 4 a.m. in the morning, telling yourself, "just one more turn......"
game-hours: 117.1
review: Ever wondered what the world would be like if the Shoshone tribes had tanks and machine guns to battle some samurais? Or if Ghandi was held prisoner by Genghis Khan and after many centuries of captivity, India was saved by the Irish? Civ V is a very well furnished strategy game where the smallest quarell over some truffles can cause heinous wars. Building, trading, invading/evading, Civ V is all about those stuffs. Some drawbacks though, it is a real time consummer. Also, the game is less meaningfull (not complete) without Gods & Kings and A Brave New World: two extensions that make this game a killer. So prepare your settlers and equip yourself with some fine diplomacy and strategy! (with numerous and technically more advanced troups on the side just in case).
game-hours: 167.3
review: Swaggy McBalls
game-hours: 246.2
review: Perfection.
game-hours: 14.0
review: F*ck you Ghandi!
game-hours: 24.5
review: Civ 5 is a brilliant game. It provides hours of fun and entertainment, takes some time getting used to but when you do you won't stop playing for a while.
game-hours: 563.6
review: Great strategy game with an easy-medium learning curve.
game-hours: 908.7
review: This game has eaten too much of my time You can start a game at 5pm, play for what seems like an hour, then check the time and have it at 2am Highly addictive and amazingly well put together, this is a must for all game strategists library.
game-hours: 450.8
review: In my opinion this game has limited replayability and no challenge to it as I beat deity within a few hours. I certainly am not the kind of person to keep playing this for hours on end in order to shove a nuke right up Gandhis  because he is a massive . Overall 0/10 10/10 in reality. I live for this game.
game-hours: 809.5
review: This game is amazing for people who like Strategy games
game-hours: 157.9
review: Because of this game, my family abondoned me, I got fired, my friends hate me, I lost my house, and I forgot my name. But I just researched atomic theroy so thats nice
game-hours: 114.9
review: Me Gusta
game-hours: 112.6
review: The true meaning of a stategy game with patience and high amount of planning and perception of enemy moves and plans. Also every DLC offers an ever bigger satisfaction and length to the game without making it too tired or extremely complicated 9/10 because there is no thing called perfection
game-hours: 256.0
review: Bello, anzi, bellissimo! Non ho mai giocato ad un Civilization e mi ci sono chiusa, non si riesce a smettere!
game-hours: 25.5
review: Amazing!
game-hours: 281.3
review: Hello this is very good game pls Jones and Ellstrm buy this game it is very good and also tres bien as the french often say........................ GG WP........
game-hours: 26.1
review: Really good game! Best strategy game ever!:)
game-hours: 74.5
review: Great game. Nor as much depth as Civilization 4, but combat has improved tenfold. With Brave New world the game is great, and almost matches up to its predecessor. Almost.
game-hours: 276.2
review: (could have sworn I did osmething liek this before) Ever wanted to take the reigns and manage your own nation? Well now you can! :) Take command of prestigious nations like the USA, Great Britian, Japan, China, Russia, Germany and much more, and contrcut cities (even rename them if you'd like) and bound your nation forward through the starting era of your choosing-be fro mthe "Ancient Era" or even disregarding that and just starting in the future era with all technology unlocked. You can negotiate with other nations through trade agreemnets, Research partnerships and much more. Your peopel giving you trouble with belly aching, or is your nation incapable of producing that little osmething you want? Go talk to a discovered civilizatio nand see if they have it up for trade :) I recommend this game to those who have always dreamed of commanding their own nations. Give it a try!
game-hours: 77.7
review: This game is one of my favorites out of all the games I have. This game provides countless hours of playing time with out getting repeating its self if you like stragey-turn based games. So if your into these types of games, then definitley get it.
game-hours: 168.5
review: Been playing civ since the first one in the dos days. Genuinely thought this game was rubbish when I first started and preferred to play Civ4. Picked up both the expansions which changed my mind. G+K fixes the game and makes it playable and BNW is an improvement on that. So yeah, good game as long as you have at least G+K.
game-hours: 78.4
review: I recently got this game, i was expecting myself to never get the hang of it but HOLY JESUS! I really cant stop playing its impossible to stop, i got the hang of it perfectly in at least 4 hours which is very good to understand every little thing thats in the game. Its the first time i've ever played the franchise and its good i popped in at this stage in the franchise. might i add... the best part of the game is going past 2013 :D 10/10
game-hours: 78.9
review: Filled to the brim with strategy, this game is a must have. I highly recommend the Brave New World expansion; I found it far more entertaining than the vanilla game.
game-hours: 486.9
review: This is a really fun game that you just have to own! I love all the dlc and its an amazing game, don't question it just buy it!
game-hours: 101.2
review: Ah, CivV. The game you don't multiplayer with anyone you like, or you'll never speak to each other again. When I first played CivV, I wasn't sure what to think about it. Civ5 founded an entire genre. It's not the "best" in the genre (my friends inform me that is Galactic Civilizations II,) but it's the bread and butter. Civ5 is the best introduction to strategy games avaliable. Most of what the game offers doesn't appeal to me, personally; the multiplayer has some bugs, and I wasn't joking when I said the game ruins relationships. My boyfriend didn't talk to me for a day after our first match. I don't enjoy the idea of several weeks of playing the same game, and it strikes me as tedious, personally. That's just my personal preferences, though. The game? It's good and worth giving a try, if you're interested. Civ5 is the best one so far. I do recommend getting the Brave New World and the Gods & Kings DLC if you decide to, however. They really add a lot to the game and flesh out some of its weaker aspects.
game-hours: 427.3
review: good game goooood gammmeeee
game-hours: 427.3
review: good game goooood gammmeeee
game-hours: 270.2
review: This game is awesome and diverse. It's very lengthy to complete a session.
game-hours: 660.4
review: A wonderful game that you can get lost in!
game-hours: 907.8
review: Without any of the addon packages, Civ V is still a decent game, but somewhat of a sidegrade from Civ IV. Add Gods and Kings and Brave New World, however, and you have yourself a heck of a game that's very rich in content, very deep in gameplay, and very, very addictive. My complaints are few: namely, I wish the barbarian levels were adjustable (they'll wreck your civ in multiplayer) and I wish multiplayer were a bit less buggy. However, these are minor compared to all the amazing gameplay.
game-hours: 20.0
review: Awesome game, very easy to play, I dived into a game and it was fantastic
game-hours: 114.7
review: this game is very fun. it is stratigy based and provides loads of game play :D
game-hours: 132.3
review: What time is it, why is the sun rising?
game-hours: 26.4
review: Best strategy game ever created.
game-hours: 145.8
review: Great Turn Based Strategy game.
game-hours: 30.8
review: Civilization V is a top notch strategy game.It is both appealing for non experienced players and for hardcore fans.It keeps you on your toes from the first turns.My favorite part of the game is the early game.When your main objective is to explore the map.I am always excited about the civilizations that I meet,the resources that I find and the various natural wonders.During the early game I am planning the expansion of my civilization depending on these factors. I also enjoy this a lot because I like history.You learn an awful lot about the history of these civilizations just by playing. The combat is great,there are tons of strategies that you can adopt.Plenty of units and tons of variations because of the terrain.The replay-ability of the game is huge. The vanilla version of the game has some problems,but with all the DLCs and the patches,the game is truly amazing. If you are even a little bit attracted to strategy games.Civilization V should be on your list with all the DLCs!
game-hours: 81.2
review: Play as a variety of civilisations in a fight to survive. Will you be a warmonging country, going for fast expansion and a conquest of the world? Will you be diplomatic, aiming to trade and ally? Will you be sneaky, pretending to ally with a country and then wipe them off the face of the earth? There are so many options, and each country has a relevant perk. Very much true to history... which you can rewrite! Did Japan take over Korea? Did Spain destroy everyone and control the map? Or did Germany choose to be a friendly, negotiating country? It's up to you in a world of endless possibilities. Another must have. My game library wouldn't be complete without it. And neither is yours.
game-hours: 33.1
review: great game, just keep an eye on the clock
game-hours: 497.1
review: As a big fan of the Civ series, I like all the improvements Civ V brings to the game. The expansions add some of the features from Civ IV that I missed in the original release like religion and spying and I enjoy the rebalancing in Brave New World. Still, even the vanilla version is fun.
game-hours: 315.2
review: This is honestly the best game I've ever played, whenever you play it you jsut want to play it all the way to the end, after playing the base game fro awhile I got bored and decided to pick up both DLCs and still trying out all of the civs. I've been hosting civ5 tourney's now. This game is like the console games for thsoe who play the AAA games. This is a must-buy.
game-hours: 34.1
review: Just...one...more...turn. I bought the game on a whim thinking I would only play for a few hours here and there. That night I spent almost 8 hours playing Civ. Although some hardcore fans argue that it does not hold up to Civ IV, the addition of Brave New World and Gods and Kings make it an amazing strategy game that can keep both hardcore and new players captivated.
game-hours: 108.7
review: Great game really fun!!
game-hours: 218.5
review: Civilization 5 is possibly one of the most diverse strategy games to be released in the past 10 years. Often you are faced with killing everyone in the game just to win but Sid Meirs Civilization 5 lets you choose how to win, Let it be Cultural, Diplomatic, Science or if youre a fan of eliminating the competition, Domination. Civilization 5 puts you in the seat of historical leaders with unique building or units, and also unique traits that relate to how they ruled or dominated in the past. Replay value is a huge strongpoint for this game; the randomly generated maps with customizable options will drop you into a fresh experience every time you play a Match. The game also features maps such as Europe, Mediterranean, and Earth. The maps have accurate placements of geographic features that correlate to the real world landscape. Most importantly for me about Civilization is the huge knowledge you can earn from playing the game. Learn how leaders commanded their armies and how they rushed for continents to settle on. Natural wonders and World Wonders have descriptions that tell you history about them All in all civ is an amazing game that I would recommend everyone to buy, even if you're not a huge strategy buff, this will definitely make you think twice.
game-hours: 12.1
review: Very enjoyable game, I havnted played to much but I for sure will be putting many more hours into this game
game-hours: 195.2
review: Civilization V is a very complex but easy to follow game with many different ways to play it; you can invite some friends or people you don't know to have a massive battle for victory with the unique methods of winning: culture, domination, time and science. You can load up some scenarios to play without having to start from scratch. or maybe the single player mode catches your eye by setting up your game just how you like it. Never have I seen a game so fun and player friendly in a very long time. Once you start playing, you cannot stop! Let alone the easy-to-install 2 DLC packs. For 20 each, so worth every penny. If you enjoy a fantastic balance between strategy and action, buy this game right now. Thanks for reading.
game-hours: 372.5
review: It is a ridiculously brilliant game I've played around 120 hours and would not have traded that for time in any other game
game-hours: 337.5
review: Hours and Hours on this game and still there is more to do! One match of Civ is like a whole game of other games, 10/10 not found a game as good as this!
game-hours: 222.0
review: Certainly one of the best Strategy Games from one of the best Strategy Game companies. Civilization 5 is a strategy game about controling an empire throughout human history-from the settling of the first towns to the near future, and is fun in every part. The game manages to have the same concepts at all times, but still having different flavors depending on how far into a game you are. Great: Incredible amount of Content-doing everything the game has to offer is next to impossible. On top of this the game is very addictive, with stuff going on constantly to keep you hooked. Good: Game Concepts are very well made with one exception, and the game looks very nice and has a fitting art style. Combat is much more refined than past Civ games, ommiting the "Stack of Death" involving placing 30 units into one tile and bashing a city for minutes until one unit happens to win. Bad: Vanilla version of the game is lacking. Not to say it's bad, but the Complete Version for 50$ is far superior. And 50 dollars is a lot compared to some other options. Also, the happiness concept is a bit flawed. Having an unhappy civilization all but stops expanison, causing cities to not grow and also giving you a economic and military penalty. In order to keep a civilization happy, you must find luxury resources, which may be inacessible to you without a crazy amount of effort or trading, or may be right on your doorstep. Also, the AI seems to get a Happiness Bonus, who rarely have a problem with the unruly masses. It's kind of unfair. Ugly: The game is a bit unstable and is prone to crashing. I can't play on full screen, as my GPU becomes overused and the game needs to shut down. Other crashes are seemingly random, with little to no explanation on why. tl;dr: It's good. Crashes sometimes, but it's good. 9/10 Oh yeah, I'd get the Civilization SDK (Whatever that stands for) Along with this in the game tools section of Steam. It's a game editing tool that allows for Map Creation and making your own Mods.
game-hours: 1650.7
review: IT IS THE BEST FREAKING GAME EVER 700+ HOURS PLAYED 800 AND BEOND
game-hours: 953.8
review: This game ate away my life. 10 whoopi goldbergs
game-hours: 17.8
review: you Freedom Beef you ugly  muffin you never ing play this  game with me. I WILL ING END YOU YOU   MONGER.
game-hours: 158.2
review: Ghandi stole everything from me... I attempted to please him with my gold and resources in return for mercy and peace, it was not enough however... After his conquests in America and Mongolia, Ghandi's bloodlust targeted my puny, pathetic civilization. He nuked all of my cities and razed all those who survived... His giant death robots marched towards my Capitol as I pleaded the great one to spare me, he simply laughed and pillaged all the remaining land I had... With my people starving and unhappy, I had no choice but to vote for Ghandi as world leader in the United Nations in exchange for oranges... GG, Ghandi... GG. 10/10
game-hours: 753.6
review: An amazing game, i reccomend it to players that like a challenging game. Even though it might take a while to get into and the games may be long, still a fun strategy game to play.
game-hours: 57.2
review: 8/8 Ghandi nuked me gg
game-hours: 10.3
review: It's a good game. Why? -It takes away 3 GB free space from your hard drive -It makes you experience feelings you've never experienced before as you watch the city you spend 9 hours building gets destroyed by enemy forces -What, real life? Is that a server? -You can get nuked by Ghandi -You can nuke Ghandi back So overall great game, should play it.
game-hours: 256.4
review: Awesome to play with few people, but only if you can afford to buy all expantions. If not then simply buy one of previous parts.
game-hours: 21.9
review: GANDHI
game-hours: 242.4
review: Amazing game that consumes time
game-hours: 99.1
review: super good
game-hours: 240.9
review: One of my all time fav games, this requires you to have a stong economy while ballencing other aspects of your empire on multuple fronts. Not only is this game diplomaticaly focoused it also has extreme focous for combat and war situations aswell. For example your units gain a bonous for attacking from a hill and can often not attack with indirect fire... If i had to make one complant i would say that some of the Civ's need a little re-ballancing other then that if you are a stratigist then you need to pick this game up 9.5/10
game-hours: 36.3
review: The best way to get rid of few days, a week or even a winter. Be careful though.
game-hours: 323.5
review: Can't even trust my brother 10/10
game-hours: 16.5
review: I was in another country, couldn't find my friends i was alone....... 5 years alone Alone/10 "Like skyrim whit no friends"- Machinima
game-hours: 300.7
review: It's really good, despite it being a Turn type of game, it is very fun and addicting to play <3 especially with friends
game-hours: 257.1
review: this game is soooooo gooooood
game-hours: 450.8
review: In my opinion this game has limited replayability and no challenge to it as I beat deity within a few hours. I certainly am not the kind of person to keep playing this for hours on end in order to shove a nuke right up Gandhis  because he is a massive . Overall 0/10 10/10 in reality. I live for this game.
game-hours: 99.3
review: A fantastic turn-based strategy. You'll be stuck for hours. A must play for tbs fans
game-hours: 43.8
review: right after I bought this damn game it went back down price son of a gun
game-hours: 4125.4
review: This game and I have a love-hate relationship. While I would consider this game to definitely be in my top ten, it is dangerously addictive. I find myself going down a deep rabbit hole when I play this game because of how engrossing the premice of the game is. For those of you who haven't had the chance of picking up a copy of a game in this series so far, think of yourself as warned; the outside world will not know what happened to you until you can finally find the strength to crawl out of your darkhole from which you have been engrossed in for the passed 8 days known as Civilization; your friends will understand. Game Summary: Now for a quick rundown of how the game works. The title to the game describes the plot in itself: you are the plot. You start by choosing from a number of civilizations listed, ranging from 18th century America under George Washington to Napolean of France. How large you want the planet you are set on and how many other civilizations and city states you want to play against can either be determined by the player or randomly selected. Once you drop into the world you'll start out with a settler and a warrior in order to found your capital city and explore the surrounding lands. Each civilization has the gift of a specific bonus to it's empire as well as excess units and buildings which can be constructed only by that civilization. As your civilization progresses you eventually start to get more and more choice. You will move through each era depending on what technologies you research. With this freedom of choice players can also choose how they interact with other civilizations and city states. Eventually depending on what routes the player chooses to take in developing their civilization, there will be a number of options for how one can win the game. You can either achieve a science victory by researching all of the technologies and blasting off into space in order to plant your flag into the soil of a distant earth like planet! You can conquer the entire world with rutheless military might and capturing the capital of all other opposing in-game civs for a domination victory. These are jsut a few of the options available. The great thing about this game is rather than following a linear path for play, you really get to make history yourself; or if you want to go about doing it with a friend, drop into a match and play it out with your buddy! Mods: The second best thing about Civ V besides it being Civ V is that the game is very community orientated. There are hundreds upon hundreds of mods sitting in the steam workshop in this game ranging from new ingame civilizations to playable scenarios. The development team over at Firaxis did a great job in allowing variety for such a trully immersive game and one of the best ways they've done that is by letting the community take adding on new parts to the game themselves. DLC: The core game itself is fantastic but I would really recommend both DLC's for this game. They are a bit pricy so you might save some cash by just picking up the Civ V Gold Edition during a steam sale if you really want to get the fullest experience of the game. Not only does it add a number of new civilzations (that are personally my favorite to play as), it also brings back religion from the previous games in order to spread your pious agenda across the globe to assist in your victory. It also brings back spying as well as trade routes. Trade routes help for boosting ones economic output when connecting to other civilizations but they can also provide science and spread religion to other cities. These factors are just the tip of the iceberg especially considering there are so many mods on the steam workshop which require either the Gods and Kings DLC or the Brave New World add-on. In the end, they are both fantastic in-game content packs and really worth the extra penny.
game-hours: 45.9
review: Perhaps one of the best strategies on your PC.
game-hours: 544.1
review: One of my all time favorites. A must have for any fan of 4x games.
game-hours: 242.8
review: This game is woderful with many unique features like the evolution of technology, the ability to dictate many asprcts of your civilizaion, and more. With all of these positive aspects, there must be terrible ones. The worst part of the game is the multiplayer; no kicking, no real private games, and a few bugs here and there. Overall however, this game is a wonderful addition to anyone's gaming collection for its enjoyable gameplay and a twist to the classic strategy game genre.
game-hours: 72.2
review: Hours of fun whether you love building or war mongering!
game-hours: 459.9
review: This games is one of the most addicting games out there. You'll keep telling yourself "just one more turn" then you look at the clock and a few hours have gone by. It's a lot of fun. Positives: -provides hours of gameplay -no two games are exactly the same -big diversity in playable civs and units -city states are a cool feature -many diverse maps Negatives: -computer controlled civs can be extremely irritating -happiness feature can also be irritating Overall great game. Highly recommended. Also HIGHLY recommend getting the expansion packs as they make the game significantly better.
game-hours: 4.9
review: Very Fun game which will never get old with all community mods e.g world war II
game-hours: 130.5
review: One of the best in the genre, civ 5 is good for almost anyone, regardless of skill level, its easy to pick up but hard to master.
game-hours: 152.5
review: Fantastic game lose hours playing it
game-hours: 132.0
review: Great game normally when i want to get off i cant because its just so addicting. The game can last forever there is hardly a chance that you will finish a game in one day even if you do a quick match.
game-hours: 188.6
review: Great Game. Have learned all those famous leaders of society :)
game-hours: 380.8
review: It had it's flaws when it first came out, mainly that it lacked depth and detail compared to Civ IV. But like all Civ games, they grow and grow and become more fun as time progresses. I feel at this point (actually since G&K expansion hit) that Civ V is beyond any other Civ in the past, and it makes it very dificult, if not impossible to play previous titles again.
game-hours: 308.8
review: Buy it
game-hours: 140.1
review: Civ 5 is definitely the best one to come out so far. The graphics and the gameplay are awesome! I have pretty much all the DLC and both expansion packs, which really add amazing depth to the game. I started with just the basic game at first though, and instantly I was hooked and have been ever since. I love this game! But don't listen to me, I am but a humble servant...
game-hours: 265.2
review: Get mad at unreasonable negotiations and having to back off of sweet territory that no one has claimed in 3000 years because some Polish dickfart feels those lands are his when he's 10 tiles away from it, only to be soothed and inspired by the dulcet tones of William Morgan Sheppard every time you add another theme park attraction to your city or discover new technologies, despite never reaching a Science victory unless you're actively trying. 11/10 would trade Miami for incense again
game-hours: 2498.9
review: Ok Lets just get right to the point, this is the greatest RTS made to date, I have played just about all of them bu tnothing keeps me coming back like Civ 5. The amount content, mods and players allows for unlimted playatbilty. Games can be a bit difficult at times to get going online due to the lack of matchmaking features online which is something i still hope they restructure in future updates or DLC, Butonce your in the game and you got a solid group of civs that can stand the test of time you will absolutely enjoy this game 10/10and first review I have ever written for a game!!!
game-hours: 22.3
review: What do you mean Ghandi is the strongest? 10/10
game-hours: 542.1
review: This game is one of the best i have ever played you get to live the life of a leader of 19+ nations each one plays in there own way and even the AI act like they sould so no game is ever the same in anyway
game-hours: 102.0
review: This is a really good game
game-hours: 15.9
review: Good Game. But dont plan on finishing the game in one hour or so.
game-hours: 432.9
review: 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 304.0
review: Great game where you can play at your own pace
game-hours: 20.4
review: Buy it!!!
game-hours: 639.1
review: game is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 108.2
review: I picked up this game 3 days ago, and have played 8 hours a day. The game starts off as a simple land grab and unit builder, but ends with 30-40 unit managment and high level diplomacy. Plenty of customization features for the kind of match you want to play. There were a few graphical glitches at the start, but generally it was fine. 10/10 Ghandi kicked my .
game-hours: 286.3
review: Dear god..Ruined my life..I forgot my friends names, that I had a dog, Hell I wasn't even sure I was alive..This is what happens when you play..For five hours..I've played for 239..I have no more life to worry about. Because civ is my life, my love, my reason, my only sun in the sky..Oh yeah and you should convert to the religon of civ ruined of my life. 9001/10 OH AND DON'T IN LISTEN TO THAT FAT  GHANDI..He nuked me..Four times..
game-hours: 159.4
review: No more stacks of doom! My Game of the Year 2010.
game-hours: 102.2
review: Civ V is potentially "the" refresh of this monumental frachise. It's practically your beloved civ on a hex grid with a modern resculpting of the classic game mechanics. It's just as addictive - One more turn, you'll find yourself thinking. The pinnacle of a genre defining game!
game-hours: 199.1
review: When played with all the expansions and DLCs, quite simply the best PC game ever (at least in my opinion!)
game-hours: 322.7
review: this game is bad because it ruined my life. I have over 250 hours put solely into this game. I just beat the highest difficulty a couple days ago, and i dont know what to do anymore. ive been nuked countless times by gandhi, and ive played the day long games that everybody talks about. Ive stayed up until 4am on an exam day. I lost that game thanks to  gandhi. i cant take it anymore. multiplayers fun btw
game-hours: 35.5
review: I have a very soft spot for the Civilization series. Civilization III, is, to my memory, the first game I ever played. I have since played 2, the SNES version of the original, and this. Like the rest of the series, it's decently polished, easy to learn, has a lot of depth, and is periliously addictive. I didn't get into it as much as I did III, but that's probably just nostalgic bias. If I had to complain, I would say that the diploacy is rather limited, and not being able to trade communications blows. Thankfully, the rest of the game does it. Also, I nuked Beijing eleven times in a row, and it still stood, with two citzens who refused to die, District 13 style. 11/10.
game-hours: 591.5
review: i got so addicted buy it now
game-hours: 335.9
review: wow such awesome much fun wow
game-hours: 34.7
review: I started playing this morning, why is it dark now?
game-hours: 322.9
review: I liked everything about it until my laptop overheated from it. 11/10 would play if I could.
game-hours: 265.7
review: yep buy buy
game-hours: 64.9
review: Allows a great story of the civilizations of the past and present! I highly recomend it to all you history obbsesors!!!!
game-hours: 1492.8
review: Beat Settler Settin 1v1 me m8
game-hours: 113.7
review: This game is really fun to play but you get the most out of it when it's multiplayer. Unfortunatly a lot of people play with dlcs so you can't join unless you have them.
game-hours: 1089.4
review: Its all about that one more turn.
game-hours: 113.1
review: "Oh i'll just finish this turn" 5 Hours later you're still thinking the same thing.
game-hours: 117.1
review: Built Rome in a day. 10/10
game-hours: 67.4
review: Ghandi pointed a nuke at me and told me to rate this game good. 10/10, would nuke again.
game-hours: 98.8
review: ing Gandhi.
game-hours: 1149.8
review: If you've never played a Civilization game before, expect the learning curve to be a brick wall. You may be a seasoned gamer who's used to playing on normal or hard on other games right from the get-go, but if you are brand new to this series, play on super easy mode first to learn and experiment before trying harder difficult levels. That said, once you've learned the basics of the game and are ready for more challenging experiences, you will be greatly rewarded. Games typically last between 1 and 12 hours (depending on the type of victory you seek and the pace you set in the beginning), and you will never have the same experience twice, giving this game a massive replay value. There are always new maps to play on, new allies to make, new choices that will decide the game's outcome, and new diplomatic challenges to face. Civ V does a great job of landing you into a new game and you always feel satisfied by the game's end, even if you lose. That by itself always leaves you wanting to play more. Even if you somehow get bored of playing in single-player vanilla mode, multiplayer is offered and there are a plethora of mods out there to try. So if you're patient and willing to learn, I highly recommend this game and its expansion packs.
game-hours: 31.0
review: Pretty Awesome
game-hours: 288.5
review: i broke up with my girlfriend because of this game. its amazing!!
game-hours: 126.5
review: I have never spent so much time on a game only to work towards being more angry. Still Angry. Still playing.
game-hours: 451.6
review: I LOVE this game! Its very realistic, allows you to change history with each action in each time period or stick to the books on what really happened in the past. The various ways to win the game gives a lot of choice in how you want to become the greatest civilization in history. There are a ton of mods that add many new ways to play aqnd win. Also you can invite friends and have massive battles or simply be peaceful with more then 10 players. Overall this game is amazing and is 5 out of 5.
game-hours: 227.5
review: this game sucks because there are not enough explosions and im bad at it 1/5 bananas
game-hours: 303.1
review: Just... one... more... TURN! >Playing for 3 days in a row. No sleep needed.
game-hours: 542.1
review: 472 hours in and the game is still as dynamic and engaging as ever.
game-hours: 377.1
review: Got  by Ghandi. 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 130.4
review: Hart vidogam. Make it fun at time. I many lik it
game-hours: 345.5
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V is a god among games. If you don't get it you are mentally .
game-hours: 242.9
review: its a great stetegic game
game-hours: 86.0
review: Awesome game, would recommend to anyone who likes strategy games.
game-hours: 123.9
review: Amazing game, Definitly worth buying
game-hours: 77.9
review: What more can be said about this game than what other's have already said. This game is a massive time sink, and that's a good thing. It's a "just one more turn" type game that will leave you realizing that it's 4:30 in the morning.
game-hours: 165.4
review: Thanks to the streamlined experience and some simplification, Civ V makes for the best multiplayer experience out of the series. Unfortunately, for the same reason, Civ IV is probably the better single player experience as there feels to be more depth and you have all the time in the world to finish your turn. Vanilla can feel too restrictive and frustrating due to some of these changes, but Brave New World brings around some exciting End Game features meaning that runaway Civs aren't always guaranteed to win past T150 or so. If you got a group of like-minded friends who like strategy board games like Risk or Axis and Allies, I cannot recommend this game enough.
game-hours: 110.5
review: Once you will start, you will not be able to end. - One... More... Turn...
game-hours: 384.8
review: In what other game can you spread the great religion of Herpes across the land?
game-hours: 752.0
review: Civilization V is my favorite installment in the Civ Series! Especially with the two expansion packs. Buy them, play them! You will not regret it!
game-hours: 758.7
review: Great game with hours upon hours of game play. Best played with friends and voice chat so you can talk while planning wars, etc. Nothing beats watching a friend try to invade an entire continent with just cannons
game-hours: 315.0
review: Great game
game-hours: 20.3
review: I thought games like this wouldn't be something for me, but I played two games so far, and even tho I got my  kicked by Gandhi, I'm hooked now.
game-hours: 318.2
review: Would add to my fridge.
game-hours: 10.5
review: This is a genuinely great game, and it's easy to get into. My only problem with it is that the camera control is a bit awkward if you use a laptop, but apart from that, I haven't found any problems with it
game-hours: 142.1
review: Most. Addicting. Game. Ever.
game-hours: 291.4
review: This game is simply amazing.
game-hours: 29.6
review: I love opening this game to play it. I do it every 20 minutes. Doing my absolute best to shy away from vulgarity this game crashes harder than the Challenger and bigger than the Titanic, And Far More Often. The game becomes increasingly unstable as you play, crash after crash, until you have to reboot the entire computer just to enjoy a single turn of play again. It also has truly bothersome glitches that cause dedicated units set to work tasks or to travel from point A to point B to just forget what they were doing entirely. I do not run this on a laptop or a toaster either, it does this on optimized specs. Now, let me tell you why you should buy it anyway. The big frustration of this game is that it really is just that fun. When you crash out and lose a lot of time and effort (just save your game before ending every single turn. Every Turn. I mean it.) it makes you all the madder because playing and accomplishing is so fun in this installment of Civ. I'd say it's probably the best one yet and I really got a feel for it lightning fast. Pro job..... other than what I assume to be the coding.
game-hours: 498.6
review: bot personality needs a rework, all else is g
game-hours: 156.0
review: best game i have played in a long time but say good bye to your life
game-hours: 108.8
review: Very good stratergy game, one of the best ive ever played, lots of variety and content 10/10
game-hours: 117.2
review: WITH the two expansions, Civ V is a brilliant 4X game, perhaps one of the best out there (although I couldn't say; I don't have a lot of experience with the genre). An epic strategy game with an accessible learning curve but a very high skill (and knowledge) ceiling, with hundreds of different techs to research, distinct units for different eras, a functional diplomacy system, stellar religion and covert ops mechanics and big- nukes made better with friends. Just make sure you pick up Brave New World and Gods And Kings with it, because without it the game feels bare-bones.
game-hours: 135.0
review: You're sitting on your high horse. You, George Washington, has eclipsed everyone in research. You are hailed as a God by your people. Nothing could be better. But wait... what the hell? Catherine of Russia declared war on you? No matter. Your mechanized infantry will wipe the floor with her crossbowmen. As you pile into her capital, the nuke sirens go off. Wait what? The most advanced of your adversaries is in the At- Dear God. You cower in fear as 7. SEVEN ATOMIC BOMBS PUMMEL YOU AND YOUR PEOPLE INTO THE DUST. Soon after, while you are lying in a ditch, watching your palace fall apart, you hear this, a strange Indian accent 'You should have given me that luxury resource 127 turns ago' Ghandi strikes again. 11/10 Ghandi Survival Simulator
game-hours: 492.2
review: I've wanted to write a review of this game for a long time. Hopefully 459 hours of play-time will make me credible enough to say that this is an AMAZING GAME! First of all, this is a strategy game that let's you shape history! In all aspects! Not only on the war front, but culturally, religiously, scientifically, and diplomatically. It's incredibly immersive, a drawback being that it can trap you for hours and hours on end until you see the sunrise. Well, not so much "see" as "barely notice" cos you're too busy 'one more turn'-ing. But that only proves how great it is! Individual games can go on for many, many hours before a victory, as 3/4 victory types (science, and diplomatic victories especially, cultural usually, but not necessarily domination) rely on latter eras to complete. However, gameplay evolves over the eras so game-changingly that you never get bored. You stop needing to worry about barbarians raiding your lands, and start sending out spies, and voting in world diplomatic congresses. You move on from fighting with arrows and swords to fighting with bullets and nukes. And most important of all, you grow your fledgeling civilization from one small village to a sprawling empire with a huge land area and population, building large wonders and fierce armies. Additionally, gameplay differs from game to game. You may have chosen a civilization with a deeper stress on diplomacy than the last playthrough so you shift focus away from military, for example, or this map has more oceans than last game, so you build a stronger navy. Such high replayability makes you come back for more and more civ. Again, 459 hours... So if you love strategy games, get this one! You can happily stay up all night getting nuked by Gandhi, getting beaten to constructing wonders by Ramesses II, and getting converted to Isabella's religion! Happy Civ-ing!
game-hours: 228.5
review: Best gamer ever!
game-hours: 2196.0
review: What can I say....Soo much time lost!!!!!!
game-hours: 52.6
review: bought it one morning and thought i would play a 'quick' session to see what its like days later i'm still in my underwear and have not washed nor shaven. 10/10 would abandon hygeine and social life again
game-hours: 127.0
review: BOW DOWN TO MY EMPIRE Ahem. There are basically two types of people that will get this game. Those who've played the Sid Meier's Civilization series and are looking to get into the next installment, and those who've never tried it and are a little reluctant on embarking on what looks like a very complex strategy game. For those of you who have played the series before and haven't tried Civilization 5, just get this one too. There's really no reason not to go to the next installment. It's got nicer, more realistic graphics, new civilizations and smarter AI. With that said though, the DLCs are absolutely necessary. Vanilla Civ 5 was a bit lacking due to missing features we had just played in Civ 4 and not featuring many drastic improvements. God's and Kings, and Brave New World really make Civ 5 a true sequel to previous ones, and then some. They add religion and more complex politics and economics. Bottom line: If you spent hundreds of hours on previous Civ games, keep doing so on this upgraded version. Just make sure to get the DLCs Now for those of you who've heard of these games but never touched them, take a look at the other reviews on here, especially the hours played. Notice the pattern? 100 hours, 300 hours, some people even clock in 1000s of hours. And I know for a fact that many of them don't even touch the multiplayer and stick to the campaigns (or in many other cases, vice versa). We've all started out apprehensive about how complex the mechanics of the game look. You'd be surprised however, that you pick it up in about 15 minutes. The campaigns let you take on the role of histories greatest leaders and lead your nation to victory using whatever method you like. Do you love destroying opposing countries because they share a different culture than your own? Do you prefer making surrounding nations join you because the just see how happy your subjects are? Would you rather focus on science and discover electricity while everyone else is still using fire? If you answered no to all of those questions, then sure, fine, go play something else. In my case, the part of Civilization 5 that really shines is the Multiplayer. Team up or go against your friends while progressing to world domination. There used to be a lot of problems with starting a multiplayer game. Sometimes there were even crashes. However, it has now been stabilized and the only issue i can think of would be the long loading times. Even then, though, that never stopped us from playing until morning. Bottom line 2: Civilization 5 is incredibly easy to learn. The wide variety of choices let you be the ruler you want to be and make sure that the game never gets stale. It's got a few kinks, but you'll probably be too busy building the Taj Mahal in Italy to notice.
game-hours: 57.4
review: Are you serious ? You need a review for CIVILIZATION V and/or expansions ? You had to spend all your life living under a rock, just go, buy and play it if you didn`t already. Yes ! IT IS awesome. Just never ever play it "for a while" before you will go to sleep, it will not going to happen until your wife/fiance will come and slap you. "Just one more turn" syndrome is strong in it, i double dare you !
game-hours: 477.6
review: Ignore all the griping you hear about Civ 5 being "dumbed down" or "too different from Civ 4." It's still a great strategy game, and with the Gods and Kings expansion just around the corner, it's going to get even better.
game-hours: 1583.9
review: If your looking for a review of Civ V, just get it. How have you played video games and never gotten this series?
game-hours: 58.1
review: One of the best turn-based strategy games EVER, basically unlimited replayibility, especially with every game's length and production trees...
game-hours: 69.9
review: With both expansions this game rivals all other civilizations. A solid 10/10.
game-hours: 225.1
review: Great turn-based game. Amazing graphics and infinite possibilities and endings.
game-hours: 249.3
review: It smells of succession and addiction
game-hours: 151.3
review: Over a days worth of gameplay and still not even close to bored! Amazingly addictive game.
game-hours: 277.1
review: Probably the best "bang for your buck" as far as replayability. You want to go outside again? Stay away!
game-hours: 860.6
review: I started my first game in 9:00 pm Saturday then realized it was 5:00 am Sunday when I destroyed one Empire 0.o i think I'm in love
game-hours: 333.6
review: This is ing drugs man
game-hours: 131.3
review: i reccomend this to people who like turn based strategy games. it is very fun, a little challenging at times, and is fun to play as all the civilazations to see what their unique units are
game-hours: 355.1
review: Possibly the best game ive ever played. to sum it up, its basically all the crappy -ville games had a baby with a real game, and it had a baby with an altered history book. that baby was on steroids, and the steroids were on steroids and so on for ALOT of steroids. if you dont like stuff thats been enhanced by steroids, dont take it seroiusly, but still get this epic game AND the dlc!!! -Ryan
game-hours: 120.7
review: epic game, and many different scenarios :)
game-hours: 324.1
review: i think this game is very good for new civ players
game-hours: 48.3
review: Ignored my girlfriend for a week to play this. I'm single now. 20/10
game-hours: 473.4
review: Where to begin? Oh yes! Two words: ing Gandhi! I r8 8/8 m8 would carpet bomb Babylon for stealing my Great Library again. In other words m80s, this is the dankest game you'll ever play. If you don't buy this game, I'll slap your mum.
game-hours: 24.2
review: 9/10 will play again!
game-hours: 441.2
review: "One more turn" I swear...this time it's tru-wait  Ghandi has a  load of tanks at my capital's border.
game-hours: 414.9
review: One of my favourite games, have not been able to part with it since I bought the game. A real challenge on harder difficulties, with smart, aggresive AI's snapping at your heels. Never the same scenario twice. Would reccomend to all.
game-hours: 123.0
review: Where did all my time go?
game-hours: 47.8
review: This game is very interesting and I can play it for hours. It is very realistic and has great depth. My friend got me this for my birthday and I'm glad he did. This is a must-have.
game-hours: 81.8
review: Great game for anyone with enough time to sit and play for 4-5 hours straight
game-hours: 79.5
review: Good game with clear graphics, it works on my comr even though it's fairly old.
game-hours: 34.2
review: Civ5 is an epic and complex analytic game. Whatsoever, I can recommend it to everybody who likes turn-based strategy and folks who like to use their brain. When you're playing Call-of- and else, don't buy Civ5, I really believe your neurological structure mass will be damaged when you try to find out how the game mechanics of this dainty videogame would work. Hm, yes, I'm really certain you would die. Exruciating and without blessedness and love. Doesn't matter, the game is easier than Civ IV and it has it's own stupidity (click the right thing, next round, click the right thing, next round - oh a nuclear bomb! - click the right thing, next round) but it's in principle good mastered so that it isn't in evidence. Enjoy - or buy Civ IV, both are good, the older is better but the recent is more modern.
game-hours: 461.4
review: This will eat your day up
game-hours: 121.6
review: i was playing this game and then i realized that i had been playing for 120 hours straight and got off
game-hours: 295.4
review: This game is amazing and will slowly take away your soul by havind ghandi nuke you and get  by barbarians. 5/5
game-hours: 497.6
review: this is the best gae of all time 1000/10 all the way
game-hours: 152.7
review: Lovely Strategy game.
game-hours: 50.2
review: A real Turn-Based Strategy, balanced your civilation with Military, Diplomatic, Religion, Technology and Social Policy. Own the world, win the game.
game-hours: 59.5
review: crack.
game-hours: 290.0
review: Buy this, quit drugs. Most addictive game I have ever played. Absoluetly the best strategy game out there. 10/10
game-hours: 569.1
review: With the Brave New World expansion it became the best Civ game to date. I can't stop playing it! One... more... turn... Damn! It's 7 AM in the morning!
game-hours: 752.4
review: This game is one of the best time-wasters out in the market! The fact that you can also mod the game is amazing! Its a must get game!!!
game-hours: 106.5
review: i think its good if u like trun base games
game-hours: 100.9
review: This is the best entry level strategy game there is. Get Brave New World before you play though, it adds a lot of improvements to the base game.
game-hours: 37.6
review: Perhaps the best strategy game i've ever played. Great game and if you liked the other civ games then you will enjoy this one.
game-hours: 97.1
review: Dis is gd geam
game-hours: 23.2
review: Just started playing n loving it
game-hours: 161.7
review: I resisted. I held out. And I caved in. I'm addicted now... losing sleep... blowing off friends... for one... more... turn...
game-hours: 49.4
review: Extremely addicting. I find myself saying one more turn and before I know it I've played 50 more turns. It's better when you have Brave New World, Gods and Kings, and all the DLCs. If you see a sale, jump on it quick. Paying full price is worth it, but not recommended. Just....one.....more...turn.
game-hours: 43.4
review: THIS GAME IS AWESOME! I sat there for 6 hours and it felt like 15 minutes. Also I'm friends with the "One more turn" logic so I keep saying I'll play one more turn, but that turns into 30 or 40 or 178... MUST BUY THIS!!!!
game-hours: 32.4
review: 8/10 This game takes so much time off your day and it is still so much fun, even though you just sit there and use one hand (just like watching adult films).One game takes hours, and that is when your settings are on quick mode (well I am not really sure, I am a casual gamer, not really competitive). Fun with friends. It is always so much fun building your own empire, whether you overpower your enemy or just simply build a utopia for your people and win through peace, the game is awesome. P.S. Just press "next turn" already...
game-hours: 38.2
review: GENGHIS WE COULD HAVE RULED THE WORLD
game-hours: 39.7
review: This is an awesome strategy game. I haven't played any earlier Civ games so I cannot comment on how it compares, but it definitely ranks in my favourite strategy games.
game-hours: 636.6
review: Normally I'd start this review off by saying something like "if you're into strategy games this is a must buy!" But ironically I, myself, am not a big fan of strategy games, so I think it speaks volumes to the entertainment value of this game when I have logged over 600 hours into Civ V yet don't identify myself as a lover of the turn based strategy genre. If you can grab this for a good price, it's absolutely a must buy!
game-hours: 212.9
review: Stunning startagy game simply amazing
game-hours: 76.3
review: Perfect)
game-hours: 1191.8
review: This game is my existence and I would commit bloody murder against anyone who would take it away from me
game-hours: 86.0
review: This game is a unique strategy game with original ideas and features and it's verry joyful; also you meet legendary people who ruled different countries from different era's, this game and concept of it it's just amazing, recommand !
game-hours: 251.8
review: Amazing strategy game! It is the -child of AOE II and Starcraft, even though it is turn-based. I would highly reccommend playing with a group of friends as playing AI can get monotonous, however it is still very enjoyable. Don't feel bad if you lose on higher difficulties though, it will happen often before you find your favorite civ and play-style.
game-hours: 1077.8
review: sdfgh agfoGOOD GAME GET ALL EXPANSIONSEFDGFG
game-hours: 55.2
review: Defiantly buy this, this game is most likely the easiest way to waste time :D
game-hours: 597.5
review: Good game, Its a lot like Skyrim but with guns
game-hours: 86.5
review: Every game is different, thats why I enjoy this game so much
game-hours: 199.8
review: its Civ V, so naturally its Awesome, nuff said
game-hours: 252.5
review: This is an amazing and very well-made game. All of the aspects in the game (such as production) are linked to each other (building the great library for science, building a worker for happiness, etc) in such a way that every choice you make will shape the outcome of the game. It also offers wide range of potential playing styles, so that no matter what mood you're in you still want to play the game. Because of this, it has amazing replay value and appeals to a large amount of people. 9/10 (the multiplayer is weird) 0/10 if you're playing with Ghandi's AI.
game-hours: 145.5
review: I enjoy playing this game however I wouldn't rate myself as a serious player for it. I like that you can attack other players however I prefer much smaller games as opposed to large games as unfortunately I get bored after a while. I'm much more of a Skyrim girl. Good game though and my husband loves it, he can play it for hours!
game-hours: 129.5
review: Civ 5 is a game which there is much fun to be had. You can easily get 70+ hours with this game. 10/10 must buy
game-hours: 354.6
review: A must have! No doubt.
game-hours: 71.9
review: My favourite game of all time 10 of 10 in everything.
game-hours: 408.1
review: Dont play this game with Antis507 he is a crazy paranoid warmonger if you see him in a multiplayer game: RUN FOR YOUR LIFE. Anyway nice game 9,8/10
game-hours: 104.3
review: amazing game. I can play for hours and still have fun. looks lovely and has lots of content. 10/10 recommend to EVERYONE!
game-hours: 92.5
review: Fun game that I enjoy playing, but I don't enjoy it chrashing and losing all of my progress,
game-hours: 543.0
review: you should buy this computer game
game-hours: 298.2
review: It is a good game. Prepare to spend hours on one game, but it is totally worth it.
game-hours: 112.6
review: The true meaning of a stategy game with patience and high amount of planning and perception of enemy moves and plans. Also every DLC offers an ever bigger satisfaction and length to the game without making it too tired or extremely complicated 9/10 because there is no thing called perfection
game-hours: 172.0
review: Great game good graphics i would recommend this game
game-hours: 90.7
review: You won't be able to just have one more turn, you fool
game-hours: 107.4
review: Civilization 5 is addicting and fun
game-hours: 45.2
review: Well worth the money, long gameplay and obviously great replayability
game-hours: 80.5
review: great game
game-hours: 154.3
review: super fun
game-hours: 305.1
review: Awesome i love the series and this is an excellent addition a must buy
game-hours: 20.3
review: As a new time gamer I really enjoy this game. There is definitely a lot of strategy required in making sure your civilization is victorious. I can't wait to delve deeper into the game and experience more of the strategy.
game-hours: 170.4
review: Its damn good! And it is at its best when played multiplayer with close friends ^_^
game-hours: 181.6
review: Nuke Gandhi.
game-hours: 115.2
review: If this game was a potato, it would be a good potato. 8/8
game-hours: 142.2
review: A great game and easy to get in to. Just dont start on deity if you are new to the Civ series. 10/10
game-hours: 59.5
review: crack.
game-hours: 657.6
review: 80/100 Stand-Alone 95/100 Gold
game-hours: 56.5
review: This game was definitely worth the money. A game without an ending, it can be played for hours without end. Can't wait to buy the next game!
game-hours: 352.4
review: By far, my most played game on steam. I have ruled the world many a time and I shall again many more times thanks to this amazing game.
game-hours: 50.7
review: I would definitely have to say that I thoroughly enjoy Civilization V. Civ 5 is up in my top ranked games, and many reasons got it there. One would be the fact that you can see your own civilization progress through the ages, which I find to be a very interesting concept. Should I list all of the reasons in this review, it would be a good 5 pages long, so instead, I'm just going to say that I highly recommend this game, just make sure that you have the patience for it. Finally, as I'm sure has been said in most reviews, I would say that although this game is great, like an actual empire, it takes the collaboration of all of the components to work swimmingly, that being said in simpler terms, this game is only worth it with all of the DLC that is available for purchase. It may be a sum of extra money for some, but it will be worth it in the end. If you are a bargain hunter though, then wait until a huge sale, such as the summer or winter sale, and get the game with all of the DLC for less than the price of the game alone when it's not on sale. That's all from me, so happy gaming!
game-hours: 105.5
review: If you are looking for a relaxing, turn-based, high replay value, time eating game then you have come to the right place. Just one more turn.
game-hours: 134.9
review: I think 70 hrs in the space of a week and a half talks for itself
game-hours: 159.0
review: This game is actually fantastic. Very entertaining, keeps me engaged for hours. Fun to play with friends too.
game-hours: 506.8
review: Great game experience. But I cannot forget the Golden Age of Civilization II and III awesomeness...
game-hours: 179.7
review: This game is amazing. Never gets old for me! I just wish the multiplayer was a bit more stable.
game-hours: 102.0
review: This game changed my life.
game-hours: 158.7
review: Realy epic TBS game.It lets you redifine history as you know and puts you in the role of histories most important leaders. Nearly endless singleplayer replayability with every playthrough beeing different and the multiplayer ,although buggy, is realy awesome. All in all Epic game 11/10 its oke Skyrim with less RPG and more strategy.
game-hours: 127.5
review: Can't.. Must have.. Need.. Iron.. Trade me ghandi This game takes you'r life and makes you feel proud to be a gamer!
game-hours: 95.3
review: just all around fun game to play when you are in the mood to be nuked by ghandi 10/10
game-hours: 299.6
review: "I gotta go to bed" - 300 turns ago
game-hours: 460.2
review: DIS GAEM IZ AMAZIN
game-hours: 150.7
review: A wonderful game to waste away hours on. So many possibilities and strategies to learn, all played at your own pace. This is a great improvement on previous Civs, totally worth the money 100%.
game-hours: 304.6
review: Truly a great game, relatively slow paced at times. But so full of content. Especially with the expansions. (Brave New World + Gods and Kings)
game-hours: 639.0
review: Just look at how many hours I've spend playing it...
game-hours: 45.0
review: I had to uninstall this game to keep miself from playing it
game-hours: 29.5
review: it is a fun game of strategy and can go any way you want
game-hours: 259.7
review: Gandhi built a city just to try to steal silk away from me. I don't like when someone tries to steal my silk. 11/10 would nuke him again.
game-hours: 105.4
review: ok i started to play this game had no idea what i was doing but after about 3min i had a army starting a farm 2 kingdoms and a alance with a fellowship other kingdom and i started to get into it before i new it 5min turned into 1 1/2 hrs and i still wasent board:D i would recomend this game if you like stratagy and tower defence type games :)
game-hours: 81.3
review: Very addicting game. Really intense and I reccomend people buying this game!
game-hours: 35.5
review: I have a very soft spot for the Civilization series. Civilization III, is, to my memory, the first game I ever played. I have since played 2, the SNES version of the original, and this. Like the rest of the series, it's decently polished, easy to learn, has a lot of depth, and is periliously addictive. I didn't get into it as much as I did III, but that's probably just nostalgic bias. If I had to complain, I would say that the diploacy is rather limited, and not being able to trade communications blows. Thankfully, the rest of the game does it. Also, I nuked Beijing eleven times in a row, and it still stood, with two citzens who refused to die, District 13 style. 11/10.
game-hours: 83.9
review: BUY. NOW. SERIOUSLY.
game-hours: 563.6
review: Great strategy game with an easy-medium learning curve.
game-hours: 106.1
review: Have a lot of free time? Have a girlfriend? Have a life? Buy Civilization V! Now you don't have any of those things but you can get nuked by Ghandi! Great deal, right? 10/10 would get nuked again
game-hours: 48.7
review: Tips on how to Civ V. 1.) Make an alliance with Ghandi. 2.) Wait until near the end of the game. 3.) Ghandi has researched nukes. 4.) ded.
game-hours: 5.7
review: After doing a few sex favors for a horny gamer girl that I've known since the vietnam war, I finally traded naked pics with an australian mafia to smuggle videogames and one of them was CiV which stands for "Can't into Vidya", if only starcraft 2: heart of the quickscope were on steam i'd be reccomending that instead but CiV was made by people who clearly failed middle school world geography because i started as mayans and found the city of Venice a few miles or tiles away and those crazy italians tried to culturally enrich my  but I called the powers of montezuma and la muerte peluda to overthrow their , but that wasnt the end because later came the dunegook empire trying to take over my new land and I had to 1v1 quickscope with the arab nerdlord and put them to shame because im american and I still remember the alamo
game-hours: 350.5
review: ,
game-hours: 849.6
review: Addictively good. Currently the best turn-based strat game out there. High replaybility. Simply love this game.
game-hours: 171.3
review: Gandhi is an  and Genghis Khan is a nice guy. Welcome to Civ.
game-hours: 457.1
review: Got this game for 5 in the Christmas Sales. I would have happily payed the full price as this game has brought many hours of fun, in both the multiplayer and the singleplayer. I also bought the DLC's, which packed the game with a whole lot of great additions.
game-hours: 618.2
review: Awesome strategy and diplomacy game.
game-hours: 64.1
review: For Tactic Profis a must have! It is very logical and you can remember on your histories lessons ;)
game-hours: 629.4
review: It's a good game.
game-hours: 63.6
review: Although the game is long-winded and takes a while to play, Civ V is a very fun game for multiplayer and a good time spender when your bored as S**t! Nuke Them All - 'Nuff Said 9/10
game-hours: 408.2
review: yes
game-hours: 117.2
review: WITH the two expansions, Civ V is a brilliant 4X game, perhaps one of the best out there (although I couldn't say; I don't have a lot of experience with the genre). An epic strategy game with an accessible learning curve but a very high skill (and knowledge) ceiling, with hundreds of different techs to research, distinct units for different eras, a functional diplomacy system, stellar religion and covert ops mechanics and big- nukes made better with friends. Just make sure you pick up Brave New World and Gods And Kings with it, because without it the game feels bare-bones.
game-hours: 135.0
review: You're sitting on your high horse. You, George Washington, has eclipsed everyone in research. You are hailed as a God by your people. Nothing could be better. But wait... what the hell? Catherine of Russia declared war on you? No matter. Your mechanized infantry will wipe the floor with her crossbowmen. As you pile into her capital, the nuke sirens go off. Wait what? The most advanced of your adversaries is in the At- Dear God. You cower in fear as 7. SEVEN ATOMIC BOMBS PUMMEL YOU AND YOUR PEOPLE INTO THE DUST. Soon after, while you are lying in a ditch, watching your palace fall apart, you hear this, a strange Indian accent 'You should have given me that luxury resource 127 turns ago' Ghandi strikes again. 11/10 Ghandi Survival Simulator
game-hours: 492.2
review: I've wanted to write a review of this game for a long time. Hopefully 459 hours of play-time will make me credible enough to say that this is an AMAZING GAME! First of all, this is a strategy game that let's you shape history! In all aspects! Not only on the war front, but culturally, religiously, scientifically, and diplomatically. It's incredibly immersive, a drawback being that it can trap you for hours and hours on end until you see the sunrise. Well, not so much "see" as "barely notice" cos you're too busy 'one more turn'-ing. But that only proves how great it is! Individual games can go on for many, many hours before a victory, as 3/4 victory types (science, and diplomatic victories especially, cultural usually, but not necessarily domination) rely on latter eras to complete. However, gameplay evolves over the eras so game-changingly that you never get bored. You stop needing to worry about barbarians raiding your lands, and start sending out spies, and voting in world diplomatic congresses. You move on from fighting with arrows and swords to fighting with bullets and nukes. And most important of all, you grow your fledgeling civilization from one small village to a sprawling empire with a huge land area and population, building large wonders and fierce armies. Additionally, gameplay differs from game to game. You may have chosen a civilization with a deeper stress on diplomacy than the last playthrough so you shift focus away from military, for example, or this map has more oceans than last game, so you build a stronger navy. Such high replayability makes you come back for more and more civ. Again, 459 hours... So if you love strategy games, get this one! You can happily stay up all night getting nuked by Gandhi, getting beaten to constructing wonders by Ramesses II, and getting converted to Isabella's religion! Happy Civ-ing!
game-hours: 270.5
review: Yee sgood
game-hours: 157.0
review: Much better than "CATS". Also, much better than being assaisnated by my own colleagues at the CIA for 'talking too much'. God, believe me, I've been through that. Also, MUCH better than hearing Pearl Jam cover that crappy song from Frozen. My god....talk about Jumping the Shark. All of that being said, I play this game over and over again and I'm not sure I'm even any good at it. I win and I lose. But I have a good time doing it. If my g'friend is off on a Sunday and I play from 8am to 3pm, there's usually some blowback, but maybe that speaks to the addictive qualities of this thing. I'm above average in my abilities to disuage my lover from resenting me for spending that one extra hour destroying Catherine the Great's legacy across 4 cities because she won't just share some f'in cotton with me for a 'I love the King Day'. Because, if she knew Catherine the Great and how snide she can be, she's be sitting there with me, asking if there's anyway to loosen that corsett and humiliate her in court...but, alas. No such options exist in this game. That's not why I play it, though. I play it for the glory.
game-hours: 1748.7
review: Beware of low flying barbarians.
game-hours: 29.3
review: This game is amazing. It causes fights and friendships when playing with friends and it can rip friendships apart just by declaring war ahaha. Grpahics are great, gameplay is amazing and you get to rule as Gandhi, what more could you want?
game-hours: 270.0
review: Really good game!
game-hours: 137.9
review: Civ is pretty fun.
game-hours: 1177.7
review: I've spent a LOT of hours on this game, starting at release and up through all the DLC and both expansions. I know Civ is about conquest/domination to the exclusion of everything else for a lot of people, but I am a builder and not a warmonger. From my perspective, this style of play has improved over time. The AI is allowed to 'cheat' economically--running huge deficits that a human player would never be allowed to--but the AI is also not very smart, so that easily balances out their rule-breaking advantage, especially at difficulty level Prince or lower. The implementation of religion and espionage is a lot more impactful and a lot less mysterious, respectively, than in Civ IV.
game-hours: 318.2
review: Would add to my fridge.
game-hours: 355.8
review: ,   .    .
game-hours: 34.9
review: I have learned one thing from playing this game: Dont mess with Gandhi. He doesnt forget. He doesnt forgive.
game-hours: 384.8
review: In what other game can you spread the great religion of Herpes across the land?
game-hours: 752.0
review: Civilization V is my favorite installment in the Civ Series! Especially with the two expansion packs. Buy them, play them! You will not regret it!
game-hours: 353.8
review: I'm addicted to this!
game-hours: 34.4
review: never trust anyone
game-hours: 93.4
review: This is my first Civ game and let me just say that it's made a great impression, me and my friend just haven't stoped playing. Dominating whole countries and having your whole empire crumble from one mistake. This game is a must have, the multiplayer is also a wonderful and fun time, just make sure you bring friends and a glass of water cause things can get stressful. 10/10
game-hours: 186.0
review: Fantastic game, highly recommend for all who like Strategy Games. Drops you in a vast world with total freedom to build your empire. You settle cities, build militaries, and try to make your Civilization the best one. Worth every penny I paid. 10/10
game-hours: 39.5
review: This game be the , 13/10 would finger
game-hours: 11.9
review: Gandhi once said: "I object to violence" Gandhi lied.
game-hours: 148.6
review: People talk about its chops as a strategy game all the time, but it's actually at its best as an unintentional comedy simulator. Ghandi the bloodthirsty dictator! Stanley Kubrick, that great medieval Japanese artist! Spartacus, the Austrian general and inventor of the jeep! Okay, but no, it's great. Buy it, get addicted, hate yourself.
game-hours: 382.0
review: Just... one... more... turn... You have to strap your  to the chair until you win the game or you play for so long that you forget who you are.
game-hours: 64.7
review: Ayo fo real tho, get dis jawn while it b on sale, shiz addicting like "yo how i jus play a 17 hour campaign and ain't even realize, game trippin tho"
game-hours: 733.0
review: Fantastic game, much like Age of Empires or Rise of Nations, but more complex and more victory types!
game-hours: 50.7
review: Possibly the greatest turn based strategy game of all time. Picking a Civilization and using its abilities, units and buildings to turn a small settlement into a planet spanning empire gives you an amazing sense of achievement. the beautiful graphics, music and easy gameplay make Civilization V one of the best games of all time. Ever. 100/10
game-hours: 342.7
review: More friendships have been tested through this game, truly it is a game that many will play for entire weeks without pause. Great game overall and all friends must endure it!
game-hours: 96.0
review: Civ V taught me how to geography. thx Civ V.
game-hours: 34.4
review: Such a good strategic game. Would recommend other people getting this game.
game-hours: 330.8
review: Completely ruined my life, I've stopped doing homework, passing exams, seeing my girlfriend and my family but overall those 200 hours were worth it, would buy again
game-hours: 136.2
review: This game made me want to throw every item in sight. 10/10
game-hours: 58.7
review: Ghandi started a war with me because i did not give him sugar. 10/10 would not give sugar to ghandi again
game-hours: 1354.8
review: This will eat your life.
game-hours: 11.2
review: I cried at the end 10/10 would civ
game-hours: 185.4
review: I've played all the Civ games, and this is my favorite.
game-hours: 58.8
review: >le me playing civ 5 at 5am >have madoka magica mod on >I'm god madoka >start the church of madoka >gets rid of Catholicism and Buddhism for madoka >everybody's friendly no fights >on turn 500 or something >homura asks for uranium >I give it to her >she pairs up with devil homura >they nuke everyone together >we all die 10/10 homura did nothing wrong
game-hours: 24.7
review: The Best Civilization of the whole franchise so far! Totally recommended to even gamers with no experience in strategy at all. Very friendly and informative menus coming with awesome graffics and the characteristical "just one more turn" gameplay! A must get for everyone! P.S. Thanks man for gifting it to me <3
game-hours: 230.5
review: THIS IS A FUN GAME WHERE YOU WILL SPEND THE REST OF YOUR WAKING HOURS TRYING TO CONQUER THAT  MONTEZUMA AND HIS  REGIME OF  CULTURE ING
game-hours: 19.2
review: its alright
game-hours: 542.8
review: If I had to choose between this, or satisfying my Heroin addiction, I would choose this.
game-hours: 115.3
review: I would write a review for this, but too busy playing. Maybe in another turn...
game-hours: 115.2
review: THis is a really great game. It can keep you entertained for hours.
game-hours: 453.1
review: This game is by far my favorite. If you don't know already, it's a 4X where you control one of history's civilizations from the stone age all the way up to the near future. The main changes from 4 to 5 is the change of square spaces to hexagonal spaces for movement. Also, this interation removes the stacking and limits you to one military unit and one civilian unit per hex, so no more "stacks of doom". I dislike how in the base game they left out a lot of the features from previous games (such as espionage and religion); however, they add those features back in on the expansions. All in all, the game is addictive and hard to resist the "just one more turn" syndrome. I would give this a 9/10 with exapansions and a 7/10 with just the base game
game-hours: 49.2
review: gay
game-hours: 84.0
review: The best strategy game I have ever played! Great graphics, gameplay and DLC's! Playable for hours on hours!
game-hours: 912.1
review: I have played this game so much that I have wasted a month of my life on this game but in parallel I have conquered the world as the British the Americans The Russians the Germans the Morracans and the list goes on and on screw the other victory conditions all I want to do is conquer everyone as everyone so my journey may never be complete in that regard.
game-hours: 324.4
review: I'm going to try and keep this review short. So i'll just start by saying, this game doesn't cease to amaze me. If your interested in buying it, I would highly recomend it. The only downside is multiplayer, which is often secluded from the vanilla version of the game, as out of the servers open for playing, most require mods. But overall, a very good game. It nevers stops being fun, and is brilliant for strategy lovers.
game-hours: 84.5
review: After being gifted this particular game I was sceptical as to whether or not I would enjoy playing it, I do indeed enjoy strategy games but I also sometimes tire of them easily. I am also not one to read instructions, and for a complex game such as this I imagined it would hinder me at first if I didn't read about the mechanics. However, I decided to just dive in and see how well I could do to begin to understand how it functions, I haven't played a lot of this game but I have played enough to understand how it works and how to role out different units. It is particularly fun and entertaining but borderline addictive - thus my recommendation is to buy this game unless you feel that you will fall into a time sink wherein the only light you will see is from the burning fire and destruction in the massacre of other civilizations you plunder and ruin in your wake.
game-hours: 290.2
review: One of the better games that I have played. After you get started in a game, the "Just one more turn" mentality is insanely addicting. I highly recomend this game even if you are new the Turn Based Strategy genre.
game-hours: 409.6
review: Wasted hundreds of hours of my life and university time. 10/10
game-hours: 258.2
review: Awesome game. Can't wait for Civ: Beyond Earth!
game-hours: 232.4
review: One of the most addicting games I've ever played! In depth enough that it takes some work, but simple enough that it isn't cumbersome. 10/10 would play again!
game-hours: 42.0
review: Excellent Game.
game-hours: 694.3
review: Great game! Definately one of my favorites. The DLC makes the game a lot better though, so if you are looking for a great experience I would reccomend you also buy all of the DLC.
game-hours: 465.8
review: This game destroyed my womb within mere seconds of installing. Never before have I experience such a shrek type experience in all my years of playing games. Note: this game will require the Nintendo 64 expansion Pak to run despite it saying otherwise.
game-hours: 73.1
review: fun
game-hours: 37.6
review: A fantastic game. I strongly recommend getting the Brave New World DLC which adds a ton to the late game. The multiplayer for the game isn't great and it has its problems, but the single player contains hundreds of hours of fun if you have the time.
game-hours: 92.5
review: Highly addictive turn-based strategy game. If you're a history buff like me, you'll enjoy it quite a bit.
game-hours: 299.5
review: Beat up other civilizations. What else could anyone want?
game-hours: 60.9
review: 2GUD
game-hours: 108.0
review: 10/10 game!
game-hours: 163.8
review: Without expansions, I think that Civ V is not that great of a game. With the addition of Gods and Kings and Brave New World, Civ V has turned into an excellent game. Every victory condition is now fun to play, unlike before the expansions, particularly in the case of the cultural victory. The AI, while not perfect, has siginificantly improved from it's base state. The addition of the World Congress is awesome to say the least, and the Religion mechanics are fun to mess around with. Overall i would say that the game is to the point where it is at the very least on par with Civ IV, and better in some aspects. Remember, the Complete edition is the only way to play this game, and is totally worth it. I even feel satisfied that I bought original GOTY edition the expansions individually years ago. It's tons of fun. Just watch out for Ghandi. That dude loves nukes.
game-hours: 360.1
review: Great fun game that actually gives you quite an advantage in historical knowledge like rulers, cities, etc.
game-hours: 125.5
review: Highly addictive game! Recommended for all turnbased strategy fans
game-hours: 657.6
review: 80/100 Stand-Alone 95/100 Gold
game-hours: 348.4
review: If you enjoy air, you will LOVE this game!!!(Go ahead try not breathing....)
game-hours: 282.1
review: Its very good with friends a bit crap by yourself because the AI is stupid. Very fun and always engaging. Gandi is a very violent man in this game.
game-hours: 110.7
review: The only game where my internet will support online play, it being fun is just a bonus.
game-hours: 95.7
review: Never, have I ever, not even once... had a session of this game that was not a complete blast. What can't be said about Civ V. It's the peak of gridded strategy games, not only will you have to plan out what direction you want your civilization to go in terms of how cultured, scientific, wealthy, and happiness, you'll also have to keep track of the plots and connections of various city-states and of course, other civilizations. You can play a plethora of leaders to be the ruler of your civ, each leader is unique and different to play; however, they are all fun to play, there's no real "bad" or "op" leader. The real fun of Civ V is the mulitplayer, whether you hop on a public server or have a match with your friends, Civilization will have you laughing, sweating, cheering, crying, and swearing. ~From a player with 60+ hours, and no completed games. I <3 this game.
game-hours: 435.2
review: Very good game
game-hours: 376.4
review: Aquire Christendom, spread it to all and conquer the world by holly rights. A laugh and a half.
game-hours: 148.2
review: Good game, worth it. Stays true to the Civ legacy while also innovating itself! Enjoying it a lot!
game-hours: 56.5
review: This game was definitely worth the money. A game without an ending, it can be played for hours without end. Can't wait to buy the next game!
game-hours: 352.4
review: By far, my most played game on steam. I have ruled the world many a time and I shall again many more times thanks to this amazing game.
game-hours: 50.7
review: I would definitely have to say that I thoroughly enjoy Civilization V. Civ 5 is up in my top ranked games, and many reasons got it there. One would be the fact that you can see your own civilization progress through the ages, which I find to be a very interesting concept. Should I list all of the reasons in this review, it would be a good 5 pages long, so instead, I'm just going to say that I highly recommend this game, just make sure that you have the patience for it. Finally, as I'm sure has been said in most reviews, I would say that although this game is great, like an actual empire, it takes the collaboration of all of the components to work swimmingly, that being said in simpler terms, this game is only worth it with all of the DLC that is available for purchase. It may be a sum of extra money for some, but it will be worth it in the end. If you are a bargain hunter though, then wait until a huge sale, such as the summer or winter sale, and get the game with all of the DLC for less than the price of the game alone when it's not on sale. That's all from me, so happy gaming!
game-hours: 105.5
review: If you are looking for a relaxing, turn-based, high replay value, time eating game then you have come to the right place. Just one more turn.
game-hours: 134.9
review: I think 70 hrs in the space of a week and a half talks for itself
game-hours: 20.7
review: Awesome game! A must for any fan of old school Microprose games.
game-hours: 80.6
review: Fell in love with this game, couldnt stop playing it.
game-hours: 31.9
review: addicting
game-hours: 500.5
review: awesome game!
game-hours: 359.8
review: C'est un bon jeu.
game-hours: 110.2
review: GG
game-hours: 93.2
review: A great game. You control a country of your choice with a historical ruler and it puts you in a randomly generated map where you develop your civilization. Construct buildings, research technologies, recruit units and interact with other nations while trying to achieve either a military, cultural or science victory. I would definetly reccomend to those who are fans of strategy games.
game-hours: 737.2
review: Civilization V is the first game I played in the Civilization series, recommended by my friends. The game slowly robs you of your time, absorbing you into its' gameplay, until five hours have gone by and you've gone from trying to not be overrun by barbarians to blasting foreign cities with cannons while building the Lourve. Brave New World made the mid-game a lot more interesting and balanced, and it's fun finding which nations suit your play style (burying your problems in gold, researching faster than everyone else, converting everyone to your religion, etc.). In my first playthrough, I was a militaristic Japanese nation who nuked Washington D.C. for some meta humor. 10/10
game-hours: 114.4
review: took over middle east, africa and named the cities and put anti chink names as the cities 8/8 would take over er land again
game-hours: 207.0
review: A real time sink. The level of depth is astonishing. I recomend buying the complete edition in steam sales, as you gain about double the civilisations playable (as well as new gameplay mechanics like religion and idealogies), + new scenarios and maps.
game-hours: 161.9
review: this is a great game to play by yourself or with friends. The whole concept of this game is good the gameplay is flawless you can spend countless hours raising an army or trying to get into space either way you will have loads of fun with so many different civ's to choose from you'll find yourself each time before you start a game taking a while to pick your civ. You can play this game one thousand times and have a different out come each time. The AI's are very balanced and you can choose your difficulty to suit your needs. This game being 4 years old is still an amazing game 10/10.
game-hours: 327.6
review: Got the Great Library first. Gave my friends Crabs. 10/10
game-hours: 41.5
review: I don't even own it but steam is letting me review it. My friend Chef plays it. It looks good. I think it's got Hitler in it. I find the story interesting. It probably wont run on my machine. It has great FPS multiplayer action. I own it now. You can make Tulips and Cheese in the african desert and get EBOLA! You can name your city. "City of Windmills, ." I wanna play it.
game-hours: 200.2
review: great rts game
game-hours: 208.7
review: One of the best games I've ever played. Addictive, fun, and great with friends. Just watch the clock, or you'll find you spent 4 hours when you just wanted to play for five minutes.
game-hours: 135.6
review: This is the most entertaining strategy game I've ever played. Even though I'm somewhat of a latecomer, its never to late to join the party :3. So much replay value, and the DLC's are definately worth the investment, especially Gods & Kings expansion. SO if your a fan of turned based strategy or even just strategy have a look at this!
game-hours: 128.5
review: Very much recommend. Love it
game-hours: 187.9
review: If your into turned based strategy, look no further. Civ has been around a long time and Civ 5 is well vetted. It had a bit of a rocky start with the vannilla, but the first expansion is awsome.
game-hours: 1178.7
review: Fantastic, This game has taken up so much of my life and I love it. 10/10 stars would play again. #HiawathaRocksMySocks
game-hours: 155.3
review: Never see the sun again.
game-hours: 105.3
review: This is a great turn-based game. It's really fun. I would recommend that you play it.
game-hours: 1178.7
review: Fantastic, This game has taken up so much of my life and I love it. 10/10 stars would play again. #HiawathaRocksMySocks
game-hours: 155.3
review: Never see the sun again.
game-hours: 105.3
review: This is a great turn-based game. It's really fun. I would recommend that you play it.
game-hours: 1046.3
review: I've played a bit. It's ok, I guess. 10/10
game-hours: 326.5
review: This game is well made, awesome graphics, decent AI, and so many options for ccustomizing your experience!
game-hours: 46.5
review: Don't be like me and buy it for $49.99... A week later it went on sale for $12.49.... </3 11/10 7spookie6seven
game-hours: 131.6
review: Is good
game-hours: 265.1
review: This game is fun, I mean REALLY fun. You start as a insignificant civilization in 4000 B.C. and work your way up to a global super power in 2050 A.D.. Since I own the complete edition, the vast amount of civilizations (of which there are 43, more with mods. I play as the Americans most of the time) and the fact that one wrong move can lead to your downfall is very interesting. While the game is fun with all expansion packs and DLC, the game gets better with mods. You can download those in the workshop. The game will look EXTREMELY boring to a normal person, but try it. You'll be glad you did! Pros; -43 civs. Whole lotta' choices. -More wonders. Never will building the Eiffel Tower feel so good. -A social policy system better than Civ 4. Adopt social policies to enhance your empire and actually keep them. -Espionage is improved. Spy on your foes and see what they are planning within the click of a button!. -Loadsa mods. Over 4,000 of them. -They have America. -Did I mention they have America? Cons: None! Expect me or someone else to make a mod based on Sonic the Hedgehog's nation the United Federation.
game-hours: 90.9
review: This is the Very nice game fun with friends since new patch.
game-hours: 41.0
review: This is one of the best games i have played in recent memory. Multiplayer is incredible. Got nuked by ghandi 10/10
game-hours: 21.6
review: Love it. Have so much fun with friends and destroying the world. 11/10 would buy again.
game-hours: 97.2
review: If this game was a Pineapple , it would be a very nice Pineapple that strips you to a chair and gives your  a thorn job when you suddenly look up and realised you waisted your life away in hopes to give some retribution to the pakistanian army , however you failed to win and died by barberians who made a peace treaty with ghandii. Dont even get me started on the culture you can choose a social polecy on the second round and.....Ghandi has nukes GG.
game-hours: 72.5
review: Next to Super Smash Bros. best way to show your friends who's boss.
game-hours: 127.7
review: They fixed the multiplayer. By making it worse. Otherwise great game. 8/10
game-hours: 173.6
review: Do You Really Need a Social Life to Be Happy?
game-hours: 476.0
review: Buy this now. Why haven't you bought it yet? It's one of the top 3 games ever.
game-hours: 199.7
review: Very good game. It's a shame you never finish a game with more than 3 players.
game-hours: 320.5
review: An okay game,you know, if you like turn-based strategy and all.
game-hours: 104.7
review: PROCEED WITH EXTREME CAUTION; If you get suckered into buying/downloading this, there is a serious chance you will spend an embarrasing amount of time playing it.
game-hours: 135.3
review: The very first game I ever played of Sid Meier's Civilization V was with a few of my friends. We decided to all random our leaders. I got Alexander the Great. Being a fan of history I assumed that he would be a great leader for war and conquering. I managed to be an absolute power house. I took out the 3 ai civs we had and one of my friend's civ. The next and final target was the best player out of all of us. He was terrified and was desperate for a cultural victory. As I sended my forces to rain havoc he took advantage of his many cities, thanks to his leader's, who was Ghandhi, unique ability that allowed him to have plenty of happiness with many cities. He then switched all of them to science production and then stole the game from me that everyone convinced was mine. I didn't talk to him for a week. Later on in life we made another civ game, hoping to have as much "fun" as before. I selected Brazil, who bonuses from golden ages and is a cultural based civ. The same person who stole my victory as Ghandhi chose Askia, a warful civ who benefits from fighting. I was working on building the Chichen Itza, a wonder that would increase the length of my golden ages by 100%, a huge help to my culture victory. I had one turn left until the Chichen Itza would be complete, making me a powerful contender in this very competative game of civ. The turn ends and I am extact to show off the completion of my new Chichen Itza, however I was met with a very unpleasent suprise, the Chciehn Itza has been built in Askia. I insta enter a fit of rage nearly breaking my computer and then quite quickly rage quit the game. I didn't talk to him for 2 weeks. Teared a friendship apart 10/10
game-hours: 26.4
review: Recently bought this game and it quickly became one of my favorites.Definetly buy this game if you are into strategy games.
game-hours: 394.5
review: Best turn based strategy game out there, a definite 10/10. Just never let Gandhi play with nukes...
game-hours: 263.6
review: 10/10 Would nuke hiroshima again.
game-hours: 107.1
review: "How long could one game on marathon really be?" - 107 Hours Ago
game-hours: 119.4
review: My first game on steam. The one that started it all. Completely worth buying but I got bored after a while
game-hours: 27.0
review: simply the best
game-hours: 319.5
review: Great game. Fun without DLC, and DLC make it feel like a whole new game, or a whole new world (<----Pun).
game-hours: 108.1
review: Let out your inner leader and nuke the world to send your rivals back to the stone age!
game-hours: 45.8
review: "just one more turn" next thing you know you're wife's left you for another man, you're sniffing ketamine off your desk, and your kids never want to see you again. still worth it 10/10
game-hours: 200.0
review: INDEED
game-hours: 270.5
review: Yee sgood
game-hours: 37.2
review: Awesome, one of the best games in the world. If you playsingle player the cpu's will automatically at random declare war on you. It keeps you on edge wanting more.
game-hours: 150.4
review: Do you want to see King Leonidas driving a jeep? Do you want to see Queen Elizabeth nuke Ghandi? Do you want to kill the Mayans with tanks and riflemen? Do you want to have Einstein helping create the first wheel? If you want this then you should get Civ V.
game-hours: 75.1
review: good gameplay the mods support give you even more interesting stuff to do worth 30 dollars dont buy for any thing on top of that
game-hours: 105.8
review: As a friend said: "Wait, it's 4am already? It was 9 last time I checked..."
game-hours: 739.5
review: The game that makes you king of the world (if you so deisre) just watch out for Gandhi and his nukes.
game-hours: 31.6
review: 2 words AWE-SOME
game-hours: 212.1
review: Great game.
game-hours: 110.0
review: 420/10 made me not get a gf, stay home all summer, and take over japan all in the same month thanks sid meier, for a game that made me eat more hot pockets in a hour than a child in africa did in his entire life
game-hours: 59.4
review: The Byzantines denounced me so I destroyed their whole 4000 year old civilization. 10/10
game-hours: 21.4
review: Destroyed Japan. Got a culture victory. 10/10, Great game!
game-hours: 68.4
review: it's gr8
game-hours: 5.2
review: VERY FUN STRAT TURN BASED GAME!!!
game-hours: 283.2
review: don't trust gandi.... he will kill you, and wont care.
game-hours: 218.7
review: I have learned more from this game then from school. 11/10 Would learn again (on a serious note: this is the game of the year every year:))
game-hours: 95.1
review: Just one more turn... I can miss an hour of sleep... or three hours...
game-hours: 399.1
review: A retelling of a recent game >Goes random civ on a duel map, is Mongolia >Opponent is Venice >Play a calm game for a while >Venice starts to piss me off by sending waves of missionaries >I declare war and murder all of them >I hold out in my capital for a while >I get peace >I raise an army >I see another god ing damn missionary >I declare war and kill it >I march to Venice >We start to bombard it >My units go down as Venice refuses to die >My last unit kamikazes the capital and we win >69/10 would fap to narrator's voice again
game-hours: 34.9
review: Friends said it was good. Now I dont have friends anymore.
game-hours: 271.7
review: yes
game-hours: 153.0
review: ghandi just piss off
game-hours: 178.4
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V is a roundbased turn-based strategy, 4X ( = eXplore, eXpand, eXploit, and eXterminate) game. I'll review and recommend this game together with its expansions, as those DLCs add important things to the main gameplay, making this game so outstanding good. If you like games like Crusader Kings or the Total War series, you definitely should check this one out. (There are of course some minor to major differences) You pick a leader/country for a game and have to reach different goals for different victory conditions. My (formerly) most played game on steam, here's why: + addictive as hell + high replay factor + you get so much game for your money + every country/leader has different strengths + you'll be able to play against friends + lots of diplomacy and different victory conditions + it is so much fun to watch your empire grow + every game you start is quite different + with DLCs: there is now religion and even more ways to win a game + many different characters, with DLCs: even more different characters + Graphics are actually neat, can look quite nice but does also run on older pcs (I guess) About the music: Some parts of the soundtrack are very nice and beautiful, but after playing a long time they can get repetetive and annoying, so it's neither really bad nor good. Some small things do bother me: - I guess this is a matter of taste, but I think there are way to many achievements, like 280 of 'em. - the scenarios are quite boring - sometimes I feel like you should have more diplomacy options and sometims it's annoying how fast another nation dislikes you (but I guess this is somehow realistic =) - Battle is really simple, if you want a similar game with more focus on battle/war, try the Total War Series (e.g. Medieval or Rome 1) Overall, this game is giving you extremely many hours of gametime due to its addictive gameplay and I guess you'll easily get plus 100 -150 hours with this one. Rating: 94/100
game-hours: 131.7
review: Your very own personal time machine.
game-hours: 261.6
review: Must-Buy Strategy Game This game, when it has all the DLC's is way too addicting, and is a blast to play through your own alternate history. It's way too easy to spent 8+ hours simply building up your own empire, and then several more in a devestating war for more land. Only buy this game if it is with all the DLC's, particularly Brave New World, because the DLC's add some great features that the base game missed. Just buy the complete edition really. Right now.
game-hours: 55.1
review: It's pretty good. I like to take it out on the boat with me, but there is no wi-fi out on the water. If you're looking for a boat I would highly reccomend the 430 Sports Coupe. It comes with the convenience of a walk-thru windshield and sunroof standard.
game-hours: 427.2
review: A fantastic strategy game where you can make your own civilisation and nuke all other civilisatons! Whilst renaming your cities to whatever you want!
game-hours: 139.8
review: Civilization gets 'mainstreamed!' Less demanding in the micromanagement department but most of the changes make for more interesting gameplay. Culture and religion are now 'currencies' you can expend -- the former to unlock 'civic trees' and the latter to buy improvements. Both are essentially proxies for mini-perks that boost various resources. Espionage is now menu based and more efficient. City-states add a new dynamic to diplomacy and warfare. One unit per hex eliminates stacking and speeds up combat time. Overall: different, less tedious, but not necessarily worse. Only truly egregious thing was the shameless milking of DLC.
game-hours: 395.8
review: Good game. Good life.
game-hours: 94.5
review: Good Game!
game-hours: 185.6
review: "Like Excel and Powerpoint combined but with better UI" - Illasera 8.5/10 without DLC/Expansions 10/10 with DLC/Expansions.
game-hours: 46.3
review: Great for people who play table-top strategy games like WarHammer
game-hours: 2411.7
review: It's alright
game-hours: 123.8
review: An interesting read for children of all ages, Sid Meier's Fantastic Four V is a twist on the FPS genre with its inclusion of a fully interactional book store. I gotta say though, I thought the lack of Avengers in this game was disappointing. I still have hope for a crossover event come the next game, though. choice/10
game-hours: 192.6
review: I'm 35 hours in, and I still haven't won a game. I find this to be a good thing, since similar games are really easy. I just want to know why Boudicca hates me enough to send every Celt military unit to my capital, bribes me with gold to give her open borders, then proceeds to curb stomp me within 20 minutes of every game.
game-hours: 142.2
review: 10/10 would potatoe
game-hours: 22.5
review: 2 kinds of ebola this game is good ebola
game-hours: 276.8
review: good strategy sim game it's get 10/10 URL:
game-hours: 281.3
review: just another round before i go to bed, aaand its 4am
game-hours: 431.4
review: Nuked most of my friends, lots of fights, now I live all by myself in this fallout destroyed Earth. Would do it all over again. 14/10
game-hours: 82.6
review: it's worth it for its interesting game mechanic called "5 minutes later it's 3:00AM"
game-hours: 270.4
review: If you want to get cursed out by Askia and Catherine and like possessing nuclear weapons and giant robots, this is the game for you. Just always remember: NEVER TRUST GHANDI
game-hours: 44.6
review: I like it more than Civilization IV.
game-hours: 219.2
review: Played all difficulties up to Immortal Played Diety A city state took my city 10/10 Would get wrecked again
game-hours: 146.9
review: Best strategy game
game-hours: 355.4
review: This game is addictive as hell! If you will buy it you will spend the crazy amount of hours to play it. Just alone or with friends. This is this type of game which you can play many many times and will be always different. I have played only very old Civ 2 which was amazing game. But Civ V is just must have for people who love the strategy games. Just buy it. You won't regeret it.
game-hours: 412.0
review: Hitler Likes this
game-hours: 110.3
review: awesome, best strategy game of all time
game-hours: 17.9
review: good game
game-hours: 43.1
review: 10/10 would recommend to anybody
game-hours: 373.6
review: This game is the ultimate strategy game and I would recomend it for anyone who likes to control empires and decide the fate of the world.
game-hours: 64.8
review: I played quite a bit in LAN so far in CoOp mod against AI's... it's alot of fun and quite addictive... and well, you tell yourself after lunch... "ok lets play half an hour!" then you look outside after "15 minutes" and its getting dark... well you get the picture... I guess I / we are gonna train a little more vs. the AI taking over the entire map and then do the same in online MP (yeeeeaaaa right) :P On a slight downside though... your view constantly jumps around to units needing orders or your allies battles. this can get very frustrating after a while since you can not do anything while the battle is going on either. There are ways to stop this from happening but often this causes the nice battle animations to not show at all. I have not looked at anything from the modders community, perhaps they got a solution... Anyhow... the game is an overall VERY awsome experience.
game-hours: 181.6
review: Nuke Gandhi.
game-hours: 115.2
review: If this game was a potato, it would be a good potato. 8/8
game-hours: 142.2
review: A great game and easy to get in to. Just dont start on deity if you are new to the Civ series. 10/10
game-hours: 25.2
review: Ripoff of Civ:Beyond Earth 10/collapsed civilization
game-hours: 565.9
review: This has become my favorite Steam game since the day I got it. I truly recommend this game, but I do recommend that you buy the DLC for the game. The DLC really improves the game. 9/10
game-hours: 200.2
review: great rts game
game-hours: 208.7
review: One of the best games I've ever played. Addictive, fun, and great with friends. Just watch the clock, or you'll find you spent 4 hours when you just wanted to play for five minutes.
game-hours: 135.6
review: This is the most entertaining strategy game I've ever played. Even though I'm somewhat of a latecomer, its never to late to join the party :3. So much replay value, and the DLC's are definately worth the investment, especially Gods & Kings expansion. SO if your a fan of turned based strategy or even just strategy have a look at this!
game-hours: 128.5
review: Very much recommend. Love it
game-hours: 187.9
review: If your into turned based strategy, look no further. Civ has been around a long time and Civ 5 is well vetted. It had a bit of a rocky start with the vannilla, but the first expansion is awsome.
game-hours: 316.5
review: After 200 hours of playtime in Civ 5, I'm still playing the game a ton and enjoying it. This game has so much diversity and depth to it that you can immerse yourself in it for hours on end. This is arguably the best strategy game ever made and has a lot of replayability. I recommend this game to anyone and you can play multiplayer and enjoy the game with friends.
game-hours: 71.5
review: Civ. V is amazing, awesome animations and hours and hours can be put into one single game. Requires srategy!
game-hours: 67.2
review: i remove the kebab. the entire kebab.
game-hours: 132.1
review: >Start game >Become friends with everyone >Attila declares war on me after years of friendship >Destroy him down to his capitol >Attila offers peace >Denied >Kill Attila >Get called WarMonger 10/10 would warmong again
game-hours: 492.0
review: Nuke-tastic!
game-hours: 29.5
review: Spawn in a game. Start to build an empire. Get declared war on by ever other empire and city-state. Get rekt. Get gud. Kill everything near me. Start expanding. Get rekt. Get gud. Done.
game-hours: 1036.2
review: My 700 h with Civ 5 speaks for themself so here are some pro tips instead if you decide to get the game: 1. Alexander is a rich, arrogant, city state hoarder/stealer . Target acquired. 2. Don't let Gandhi get any uranium, don't trust him. 3. Everyone is , especially you the player. 4. Genghis may seem like an  but if you look past his quest to conquer every city state, he's a pretty good friend.
game-hours: 3.5
review: BEST GMAE EVER
game-hours: 86.4
review: Played as Gandhi,ruled the world with nukes. So much for being a pacifist....
game-hours: 430.6
review: Good Game, no Canada :(
game-hours: 180.7
review: Your average Civ game. "Gandhi has completed the Manhattan Project!" Quit game without saving. Exit Civ 5. Exit Steam. Delete Civ 5. Delete Steam. Shut down computer. Punch the screen in. Break the computer with a hammer. Throw the computer out of the window. Burn the computer with a flamethrower. Dance on the ashes naked. Buy a plane ticket to India. Go to a missile silo. Launch a nuke. Leave India. Watch and laugh as the rest of the world pulverizes Gandhi's smug face with nukes. Kill yourself. "Alexander has won a Diplomatic Victory!" Come back to life. Repeat. 8/8 Gr8 Game M8 Gandhi With The Pro B8s 420 Nukes.
game-hours: 107.3
review: Civ is the sh*t
game-hours: 68.1
review: It's a Sid Meier's game! And it's incredibily fun and nice to play. It's flaws is that the multiplayer session is sort off weird and sometimes you will definitely get disconnected, but other than that the game has been nice and awesome. And bloody hell wtf is there a lot of DLC? I love the expansion but the amount of dlc for this game is ludacrisly much, please do not release a game where you tries to milk your fan base by getting them to get the dlc content.
game-hours: 305.4
review: This game is definitely my favorite. The gameplay and graphics are awesome, concepts are simple and logical, and every round of Civ is always different, making it nearly impossible to get bored. I'll often sit down, thinking I'll just play for half an hour, and I look up a moment later and see that 3 hours have passed in a blink of an eye. I would strongly recommend getting this game, as it's easily the best strategy game I've ever seen.
game-hours: 458.6
review: Brilliant. Best with expansions. Best. Game. Ever.
game-hours: 91.6
review: I got nuked 17 times by Gandhi 10/10
game-hours: 20.0
review: My friends were taking Washington, and I decided to intervene and do the last bit of damage. I lost two friends, but I now own Washington. 9/11
game-hours: 71.1
review: Ghandi has nukes Napoleon a ing crackhead and will declare war on you if you so much fall over Rome created the Pyramids and America is made up of Jews 100% Accurate History 10/10
game-hours: 539.6
review: Nuking simulator 2015
game-hours: 62.9
review: Playing Civ 5 has given me so much confidence, for example I went to the store the other day and people were bowing as I passed by... My status as God-king must surely have had something to do with it. To test this theory I demanded tribute from the cashier telling him if he did not my army would surely lay waste to this market. To my shock and awe... he did not. Seriously though, picked this up on sale for $12.50 (plus all DLC) and it was deffinately worth it. Very engrossing game. Graphics are great. Highly recommended. Now I'm off to lay waste to more pixels!
game-hours: 30.5
review: You down for some boiling rage? uncontrollable yelling? mistrust of your friends? then definitely buy and play multiplayer civ V. You'll hours and days and not even noticed!
game-hours: 175.5
review: Terrible game 9/10
game-hours: 529.9
review: Amazingly addictive game! Great turn based stratergy game that leaves you wanting to play more!
game-hours: 182.4
review: I hope you dont have a life because with this game your going to forget you had one. Civilization is a srategy game where you command your cilivilzation by build cities, going to war and trying to dominate your enemy, or going to the moon any many other things you can do when you play this game. this is one of the funniest and most time consuming games i have ever played and it is worth the price and the amazing DLC that lets you make trade routes with other civs out there or even creating your own religion to spread faith across the globe and gives you many more civlizations the play as. Buy this game now! the only thing you will regret is that you havn't showered in days because of this game.
game-hours: 879.1
review: COMMENCE BATTLE WITH MY EMPIRE.
game-hours: 31.2
review: THIS
game-hours: 574.9
review: Very fun, immensley fun alone and with friends. At the same time i have no friends.
game-hours: 680.1
review: I played Civ 2: Test of Time back in the day. It was fun to explore, the city building was interesting, trying out new units was always enjoable, and then of course, marching an army to an opponent was a blast. Fast forward 10 years to Civ 5. Exploration is always fun. Seeking ruins, meeting city states, fending off barbarians and eventually finding your opponents is great. The reasearch tree in this game makes it incredibly difficult to choose: Do I build up my military tech, increase my gold income, push for some good culture wonders, increase my science, grow my city... etc. and every play can be done differently. I have a favourite tech path due to familiarity, but if needed, I will take any road. The variety in strategy for early game exploration, mid game conquests and late game domination is incredibe. I bought this game on the suggestion of a friend and it was the best money I have spent on a game. Do I recommend Civ 5? YES! GET THE GAME! PLAY WITH YOUR FRIENDS! Once you get past the initial learning curve, you will find that the exploration, development, strategy, and eventual victory will be incredibly satisfying and very addictive. I cannot wait for Civilization: Beyond Earth
game-hours: 259.2
review: ,  .  3    ,    ,    .    .  ,      -        .   .
game-hours: 150.8
review: The cultured man's game.
game-hours: 34.6
review: this game is good
game-hours: 152.7
review: Lovely Strategy game.
game-hours: 435.7
review: "Gandhi Launches Even Nukes!"
game-hours: 10.3
review: I bought this game because I had  all to do and thought lol, 30. Whats that when I am a multi millionaire living with hugh hefner in brazil with some hookers and , This isnt the point, the games good, get it bruv
game-hours: 13.4
review: Try to befriend Washington => Instant 100 tons of Democracy and Freedom straight to your homeland Try to befriend Gandhi => "Oh look your land is so green , mind if i make it greener ? With my NUKES of course >:D" Try to befriend Catherine => Boobs Try to befriend Gajah Mada => Instant Hinduism and 300 Candis all round you Try to befriend Napoleon => "Horses !!! I Demand Horseesssss!!" Try to befriend Oda Nobunaga => "KAMIKAZEE BANZAAAIIIIIIII !!!!!!!!" 11/10 Would befriend Catherine again
game-hours: 318.6
review: + Extremely ing addictive. Hours feel like minutes. + Interface is excellent + Every aspect of the game feels balanced and well-designed + Massive variety of cultures to play + Multiplayer is just as addictive - AI can be inconsistent at times - Loading screens are horrendous
game-hours: 47.2
review: It's great! Goodbye.
game-hours: 250.3
review: I'll review this game right after I finish this turn.
game-hours: 91.6
review: I got nuked 17 times by Gandhi 10/10
game-hours: 20.0
review: My friends were taking Washington, and I decided to intervene and do the last bit of damage. I lost two friends, but I now own Washington. 9/11
game-hours: 93.4
review: Really nice game if you like the turned based strategy stuff
game-hours: 29.5
review: A I DUN KILLED NAPOLEAN
game-hours: 348.3
review: 9/10 would play again. 1/10 is david
game-hours: 327.6
review: Got the Great Library first. Gave my friends Crabs. 10/10
game-hours: 41.5
review: I don't even own it but steam is letting me review it. My friend Chef plays it. It looks good. I think it's got Hitler in it. I find the story interesting. It probably wont run on my machine. It has great FPS multiplayer action. I own it now. You can make Tulips and Cheese in the african desert and get EBOLA! You can name your city. "City of Windmills, ." I wanna play it.
game-hours: 68.4
review: Really addicting and a lot of fun, I recommend buying the complete edition.
game-hours: 585.0
review: fivwe starss swaggg
game-hours: 2284.7
review: I might be addicted ... a little....
game-hours: 60.9
review: Oh my god, how do I start. This game has been a great....how do I say it......game! Everything about it, the figernail knawing battles, the amazingly annoying barbarians, the evil spies and their leaders and just ahhh, its such a fun game.I have spent quite a lot of my time fighting my brothers from room to room on this great strategy masterpiece. It puts all of the great game-loving ingrediants all into one big ball of mush, and makes it a great fiction journey, that deserves all of the love that it gets! 10/10 <3
game-hours: 12.1
review: Ghandi was my friend, I gave him Uranium, he changed sides and nuked me. 10/10 would get nuked by Ghandi again.
game-hours: 458.6
review: Brilliant. Best with expansions. Best. Game. Ever.
game-hours: 68.1
review: It's a Sid Meier's game! And it's incredibily fun and nice to play. It's flaws is that the multiplayer session is sort off weird and sometimes you will definitely get disconnected, but other than that the game has been nice and awesome. And bloody hell wtf is there a lot of DLC? I love the expansion but the amount of dlc for this game is ludacrisly much, please do not release a game where you tries to milk your fan base by getting them to get the dlc content.
game-hours: 376.9
review: This game is soo awsome I am speechless
game-hours: 295.4
review: This game is amazing and will slowly take away your soul by havind ghandi nuke you and get  by barbarians. 5/5
game-hours: 178.8
review: This game lets you choose how you want to progress as a civilization. Whether you choose to relay on scientific research to develop more efficient mechanisms or you want to build a huge powerful army to eliminate the competition. Civilization 5 seems like it'd be boring and a waste, but I found it engaging. The freedom of how you progress and solve problems is definately a plus. I like it.
game-hours: 165.7
review: Fantastic game, spend hours on it without even knowing
game-hours: 807.4
review: 800h +... "The trouble is, we think we have time" B. (_)
game-hours: 78.6
review: > Start first game > Do a lot of  > Get uranium > Gandhi wants your uranium > You give Gandhi uranium > Gandhi nukes you TL;DR: Play as Gandhi, and everything will be good. (In case you're not playing as Gandhi, never trust Gandhi, and try to kill him as fast as possible. He acts like your friend, but he's the real backstabber.) Oh and also, Gandhi is a warmongering piece of .
game-hours: 112.0
review: I've been playing the Civilization games since the first one and I think this is a great addition to the series. Yes, there were some issues with the base game when it was first released, but these were fixed with patches and in the Gods and Kings expansion. I really liked the addition of city-states, the hex grid map, and the removal of the stack of doom. The combat's more fun and strategic on this one and the game as a whole is easier to get into. I recommend playing this with the Gods and Kings expansion for the best experience. Note: I haven't played the Brave New World expansion yet, but it seems to have improved the game even more.
game-hours: 14.0
review: if my  prolapsed 6 times in a row and ok i couldnt finish this review i crack myself up :)
game-hours: 342.7
review: Bad  strategy game.
game-hours: 42.7
review: very exciting
game-hours: 178.8
review: This game lets you choose how you want to progress as a civilization. Whether you choose to relay on scientific research to develop more efficient mechanisms or you want to build a huge powerful army to eliminate the competition. Civilization 5 seems like it'd be boring and a waste, but I found it engaging. The freedom of how you progress and solve problems is definately a plus. I like it.
game-hours: 165.7
review: Fantastic game, spend hours on it without even knowing
game-hours: 807.4
review: 800h +... "The trouble is, we think we have time" B. (_)
game-hours: 14.0
review: if my  prolapsed 6 times in a row and ok i couldnt finish this review i crack myself up :)
game-hours: 155.9
review: So...Civilization 5. As long as you buy the game with ALL the DLCs, then you will have fun. Good points: Fun Exploration Action BANTER Destruction NUKE EVERYHTING Bad points: Supreme Overlord Mini is a tryhard Supreme Overlord Mini is a tryhard Supreme Overlord Mini is a tryhard Supreme Overlord Mini is a tryhard BANTARI DOMINATA Supreme Overlord Mini is a tryhard Supreme Overlord Mini is a tryhard Supreme Overlord Mini is a tryhard Supreme Overlord Mini is a tryhard
game-hours: 71.2
review: This is my first official review on a game so please don't take it too serious. This will be a short review because the game is really good I really enjoyed the game. On my first game I finished in 3 days . The gameplay was interesting But the battles were dissapointing. I thought that the battles were going to be like in Rome Total War. The graphics are good ( dont care about the graphics at all) The music is really good . Enjoyed every minute of each song. The game is well made and loved how every country reacted when you do something. Overall its a really good game , its worth every cent .
game-hours: 571.5
review: Real good, man, mhm mh
game-hours: 132.3
review: `__'
game-hours: 136.8
review: a
game-hours: 550.0
review: MANY HALAL CIVILIZATIONS TO DESTROY THE HARAM
game-hours: 165.6
review: 10/10, would play 100 hours in the first two weeks again
game-hours: 436.8
review: blbr din fujking homo lort du stinker ff pik ing lorte spil eu4 uber alles  dig daniel
game-hours: 59.0
review: Slowly giving up my social life for this and I have to say, it is so worth it.
game-hours: 91.9
review: I don't care how big of a warmonger penalty you get; ELIMINATE GANDHI WHILE HE IS WEAK.
game-hours: 58.2
review: At the time of writing this review, I have spent more than a whole day on this game. Yes, more than 24 hours! Civilization V is a game where you are a leader of an empire tasked to rule the world. Every turn, you can move your people, in the game they are called units, around, to build, fight and conquer (I think thats how it's spelt!). Other AI Civilizations are also spawned in, and your task is to beat them. There are different ways of winning the game, such as researching different things and spreading your religion (DLC). The modding on this game is brilliant. You get an achievement just for subscribing to an item in the Steam workshop, and another if you play that mod. You can download any type of mod, from a LOTR map (Really good!) to a completely new civilization! The game doesn't need the DLC to make the game good. The base game is magnificent. It really is. But I advise getting the DLC as well. The DLC to this game is amazing. The main DLCs, Gods and Kings and Brave New World, havwe a heavy price tag, so I would advise buying the complete edition, because it saves you ! Overall, I would rate this game 10/10!
game-hours: 145.8
review: This game is more addicting then crack. You see Korea and you're like ''Well F**k'' That's my science victory gone or is it? 20 turns later i have 2 catapults 3 spearmen and 3 composite bowmen. surrounds Seoul and takes it in 5 turns. Korea starts to negotiate peace and gives me Busan that's too much win xD 20/10 hoes xD Sorry if my language was offensive at some points xD
game-hours: 256.8
review: iz gud
game-hours: 111.0
review: It's a Classical, You won't be dissapointed and you will not get bored of this magnificant game! I dare you to buy it!
game-hours: 34.8
review: This game is pretty chill. Find it more relaxing to play than AoE 2. But its also pretty addicting. Find it amusing that you can spawn William Shakespeare in Japan.
game-hours: 410.8
review: Civilization V is, by far, my favorite game I have ever encountered. For starters, you can play from a large range of historical civilizations such as the Romans, Egyptians, Ottomans, Mongolians and Japanese; Each one of these civs are unique, since each gets a bonus to help in the game (Example - Persia has a longer golden age / Romans build buildings faster). The graphics are extremely good, considering this is game from 2010, a few glitches here and there with the tiles not showing up or FPS drop when scrolling through the world. What can you do? ... You can be militeristic, take over the world with an iron fist and create an empire. You can be a cultural nation, only having a few cities and being peaceful with fellow nations. The game is extremely fair, no nation has over powered bonuses to give them a boost during the game. A lot of strategy is needed if you wish to succeed in winning, you can't just create a large army and not expect any consequences. Civ's large selection of maps is also amazing. You can play on Earth, with America, Europe, Asia, Africa, and the Middle East, each having realistic minerals inside them (Middle East has oil, America has gold in the west), aswell as islands and Pangaea (Hope I'm spelling it right :C) Now, for the problems of the game, none of these should scare you away from buying this masterpiece, though. 1. Civs will randomly denounce you, even if you haven't attacked anyone. 2. Adding on to Civs doing random things, they sometimes will declare war on you for no reason (Somewhat rare, tough) 3. Lagging & FPS drop. Nothing to overly concern about, but the farther you get into the game, the laggier it gets with all of the cities and units. That's really all of the problems I've encountered, others might have seen more. I recommend this game to anyone who loves Strategy, turn based games. It's seriously one of the best strategy games out there today. Defiantly worth the money! 9.0/10 (Ignore possible grammar/spelling mistakes)
game-hours: 59.0
review: Slowly giving up my social life for this and I have to say, it is so worth it.
game-hours: 58.2
review: At the time of writing this review, I have spent more than a whole day on this game. Yes, more than 24 hours! Civilization V is a game where you are a leader of an empire tasked to rule the world. Every turn, you can move your people, in the game they are called units, around, to build, fight and conquer (I think thats how it's spelt!). Other AI Civilizations are also spawned in, and your task is to beat them. There are different ways of winning the game, such as researching different things and spreading your religion (DLC). The modding on this game is brilliant. You get an achievement just for subscribing to an item in the Steam workshop, and another if you play that mod. You can download any type of mod, from a LOTR map (Really good!) to a completely new civilization! The game doesn't need the DLC to make the game good. The base game is magnificent. It really is. But I advise getting the DLC as well. The DLC to this game is amazing. The main DLCs, Gods and Kings and Brave New World, havwe a heavy price tag, so I would advise buying the complete edition, because it saves you ! Overall, I would rate this game 10/10!
game-hours: 239.6
review: One of the best strategy games of all-time, without a doubt. The sandbox mode is unparallled in scope-- every playthrough is completely different. The AI gets really, really tough at higher difficulty settings (Emperor / Immortal / Deity), which keeps things challenging in singleplayer mode, to say the least. The Workshop has some amazing mods as well, which add to the experience considerably. This game guarantees a thought-provoking challenge to all. 10/10
game-hours: 30.9
review: bought this game a few days ago at full price went on sale today 75% off with dlc 10/10 worth it.
game-hours: 60.6
review: Trusted Gandhi once... Now, every time I play the objective is to nuke Gandhi, before he nukes me. I'd say that's 60 hours well spent. 10/10
game-hours: 440.8
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V is one of the greatest games I have played. With an almost infinite replayability value, this game can be played over and over again and get a different experience each time. Depending on how you set up the game you can play a quick hour or two game or a game that lasts days. If you are looking to sit back, relax and dominate, you can play on an easier setting. If you are looking for a very difficult challenge, you can play on the hardest difficulty mode. And the modding community for this is great and extensive, there are all sorts of cool and entertaining mods. I really enjoyed this game, and its DLC's.
game-hours: 3.0
review: gahndi  and pilliged my entire country 10/10
game-hours: 340.1
review: I played Civ V for 4+ years before I got the expansion packs. I love the game as a whole, but unfortunately the expansion packs have taken away a lot of the fun that I had while playing Civ V. There is quite a lot more going on than there was in the original game, so much so that the it is almost too much to handle. I'm sure I'll get used to it in time, but, as of now, I would recommend either only buying the game and not the packs, or buy it all, but play without the packs until you get the hang of the game.
game-hours: 258.8
review: One of the best games I have ever played.
game-hours: 107.2
review: >plays as Alexander the Great >settles first city in what should be Beijing >Greek Empire is now originated in Asia >playing with 11 other civilizations on large map >kills off 6 of the 11 by modern era >becomes "Alexander the Terrible" >adopts Autocracy >becomes the third reich >enslaves world >learns Alexander the Great wasn't so great 10/10 would bang
game-hours: 44.9
review: Super radical!
game-hours: 740.9
review: BNW 10/10 :)
game-hours: 663.1
review: This game, just this game. :D
game-hours: 186.1
review: Don't trust Gandhi.
game-hours: 1553.2
review: I mean, it's really decent, but i couldn't get into it 6.5/10
game-hours: 426.6
review: A very complex game that has a slight curving point for noobs. Though it takes a while to master it, it is still by all means my favorite game. The things I like about it: It has very fun scenarios such as the American Civil War, Scramble for Africa, and the Fall of Rome to name a few. There are a lot of countries to choose and master. It takes true strategy you can't just build a city and say you'll win (You probably won't with that overconfidence). A very good wide variety of maps too choose from. The multiplayer is amazing except for the fact that if you go to war with another human player you have to play in sequential order. The graphics are quite astonishing aswell. The things I dislike about it: There are no multiplayer Scenarios. :( Overall I give this game a 9.5/10 Please leave any critizism in the comments. Thanks! :D
game-hours: 102.6
review: Very good and fun way for you and your friends to have fun on an afternoon, but i would get the DLC's as well, makes it more fun.
game-hours: 20.0
review: a good game to waste time
game-hours: 70.4
review: Small pox, malaria, AIDS? All of the many things you will be diagnosed with after playing this slow as ing boring as  game. Cool Firaxis, I get it, you're ing stupid and want your dumb iPad game to take forever to boot up so that you can take the syringe while I wait and inject your cuntiness intravenously. In this game you control a bunch of sand er/europoor savages while Sid Meier takes a fat  on your computer monitor. It tastes like Wild Cherry and Wild Cherry sucks . 9/10
game-hours: 47.5
review: I love this game!!!
game-hours: 187.0
review: one of my favourite games!! 100% recomend you buy this game!
game-hours: 273.8
review: Fantastic!
game-hours: 341.5
review: Probably the best game i own. Many hours spent on this wonderful game. Not only the gameplay, but also the amazing community. 10/10
game-hours: 103.6
review: Desperately waiting for a package to arrive? Longing for your upcoming holiday? Just play this game, it'll turn seconds into hours and hours into weeks faster than you can list all of the DLCs available. 10/10, where has my life gone?!
game-hours: 68.8
review: I built the great wall of America so Gandhi declared war on me after being passive-agressive since the year 1900 BC, so I took his land. 10/10 for realism.
game-hours: 95.5
review: For the Power of Kamelot I can say that it's the best game ever. And if you will buy Brave new world, you will get a lot of fun and I think that you should buy this game.
game-hours: 42.6
review: , ,   ,   .        ,            ...  ,   ,   .
game-hours: 109.6
review: Spawned near 7 cities. At war with all of them. 10/10.
game-hours: 295.0
review: This game is amazing! 10/10 would sacrifice first born.
game-hours: 88.6
review: BRATE PA OVO MI SE MASU DOPADA JA BI RAE IGRO OVU IGRU NEGO SE OPO SPIDOM KOMPA MOJ PA JEBE MATER KURAC U POSRKAT OVOM JEBENOM LIKU KOJ JE OVO NAPRAVIO I KUPIT U MU KONDOM DA ME MOE SILOVAT U BULJU
game-hours: 54.4
review: I spent 5 weeks without internet and all I did was play this game. My wife left me (mostly because I lost my job and quit paying bills like the internet) but that's all behind me all that's left now is conquering the worlds as every civ in history and then slowing killing myself through many years of drinking hard liqour. Buy this game if you hate yourself.
game-hours: 122.6
review: Hodor.
game-hours: 527.1
review: I guess it's an okay game.
game-hours: 172.1
review: Awesome game, wasted 140 hours of my life fighting Montezuma!
game-hours: 82.0
review: The best game outta my collection atm, i recommand it to evryone ^-^
game-hours: 485.1
review: This is one of the best and addictive games i've played. It keeps me occupied for hours and i never get bored of it because each time u play its a totally different experience
game-hours: 301.0
review: It is soo worth the money to buy it. Hours of fun with friends and by my self soo worth it
game-hours: 346.4
review: What to say, what to say... This is quite possibly the most fun, replayable game I have ever played and the most downright satisfying victories ever. This game is filled with Civilizations. 43 to be exact with all DLC Installed so there is 4 Victory conditions, times that 43 and that equals to 172 wins if you like. Granted many Civs are designed for a set victory i.e. Babylon is mainly a science civ so that would lean to a Science victory and Venice - Diplomatic etc. The replayability is astounding and if you pick up it up in the steam sales it usually is 5. Ok, that is vanilla and isn't the best game infact it's horrible if you played IV so that's why I recommend the Gold edition : base game, 1 Expansion and a good few civs with it along with a map pack all for 7.49 in a sale thats fairly good for a game that can last 4000 hours probably. The gameplay is fun and exciting, it fills you with joy as a civ that as declared war on you and you have fought back to take their capital which in turn removes them from the game. The Multiplayer desires a few connectivity issues bugs to be fixed as I have seen. Also, the actual combat sucks because of the fact that you have one unit per tile and can feel like a bore moving troops across the map. However, with addition to Paratroopers in later game you can move troops quicker. The main gripe with this game is the multiplayer. I want Fraxis to fix this so bad. I have a example, Me and my friend were playing a game we hut a diplomatic standstill threatning war then the game decides 'this sucks lets start a new game' and it disconnects with no save. It's Frustrating as hell. Anyway you have to buy this game it is a fantastic game and thats's why iI recommened Civ 5
game-hours: 114.2
review: Civ is love, Civ is life.
game-hours: 287.3
review: Is good game. I play much. Such fun.
game-hours: 57.6
review: Why havent you bought the game yet its fricking amazeballs
game-hours: 198.7
review: if you want to ruin your life, buy this game 10/10
game-hours: 22.3
review: Most addictive game ever!
game-hours: 119.7
review: Great Game all round and why shouldn't it be?? Great visuals, sounds, and elements
game-hours: 48.0
review: more addicting than heroin brb hold on i need another turn
game-hours: 118.8
review: Declared war on Ghandi because he wouldn't give me any free horses. 11/10.
game-hours: 295.0
review: This game is amazing! 10/10 would sacrifice first born.
game-hours: 88.6
review: BRATE PA OVO MI SE MASU DOPADA JA BI RAE IGRO OVU IGRU NEGO SE OPO SPIDOM KOMPA MOJ PA JEBE MATER KURAC U POSRKAT OVOM JEBENOM LIKU KOJ JE OVO NAPRAVIO I KUPIT U MU KONDOM DA ME MOE SILOVAT U BULJU
game-hours: 72.6
review: Because who doesn't like dominating the world? Seriously, though, the game has great AI (and even better if you randomize the behavioral patterns and make everyone unpredictable), an interesting progression of buildings, armies, and otherwise... and the animation is very nice. I don't mind the music either - they chose a well enough melody line for leaders to make it blend in the background rather than clash in your ears.
game-hours: 103.6
review: Desperately waiting for a package to arrive? Longing for your upcoming holiday? Just play this game, it'll turn seconds into hours and hours into weeks faster than you can list all of the DLCs available. 10/10, where has my life gone?!
game-hours: 357.9
review: Because Ghandi is the most likely to nuke you. c:
game-hours: 55.2
review: Must say this game is good better but not like aoe but still rather than comparing it you shud play it well Mp is low i mean less srvsr idk 48k ppl play still i think they like playing with their frnds only lol and yea buy it im w8ting fr u ;d
game-hours: 55.2
review: Great game love it!
game-hours: 121.2
review: you can drop nuclear bombs on america
game-hours: 61.4
review: Civilization V is a game where you make your own civilization and then win.. or lose. When I bought this game one of my friends told me not to do it, I'll lose my family. Well... he was right. (Only as a joke, I didn't actually lose my family) WARNING: This game is a good game. You WILL lose many hours of your life to it. I recommend this game for you to play, but make sure you get the complete edition for alot more fun. 10/10 What more could you want then to nuke barbarians?
game-hours: 18.0
review: I played it so much, my uterus exploded.
game-hours: 510.7
review: Da bomb! great game, hours of enjoyment.
game-hours: 392.0
review: good
game-hours: 119.4
review: Totally addicted.
game-hours: 133.6
review: really great game to past time!
game-hours: 30.7
review: Ask for peace, attacked my scout... 10/10
game-hours: 333.5
review: This game is like the bridge for advanced strategy games. It has such a complex, yet easily accomplishable setup. This gives Civ 5 an inumerable strength as a game. It provides you with over 30 civilizations to play as(DLC included). Each of them with a diverse yet interesting skill to go along with them. you could play as spain with a double bonus to all "exotic" tiles in the game. Or switch to carthage, giving you the ability to Cross mountains. Both long time strategists and newcomers will love this game. As well as its historical units will excited any history buffs out there. and any game you play in it will always challenge and amuse. if you have not already bought this game, you should right now.
game-hours: 109.6
review: Spawned near 7 cities. At war with all of them. 10/10.
game-hours: 290.9
review: One of the best games ever made, bit like pringles once you pop you can't stop. Kiss your social life goodbye a game takes all day. Even more fun playing with your mates. I reccomend enabling the turn timer though even if your slow  noob mates whine about turns going too quick. You'll be glad you set it in the end (60 second turn speed civ FTW!). The brave new world expansion fixes a lot of the issues the original had and the tech tree is a lot more balanced, get it. You need this in your life, well at least untill December 2014 when Civilization: Beyond Earth is released.
game-hours: 9.6
review: >Played as Jose Rizal - Philippines (Mod) >Made friends with Spain and Japan. >Gandi befriended me. >420 NUKE-scoped Spain and Japan. >Gandhi Nukes me. >RIP in Peace Pilipinas. >feelsbadman.jpg >went to bed crying. >can't control my emotions >palms are heavy >mom's spaghetti
game-hours: 129.9
review: Civ 5 is a fantastic game. I've been playing it for a while and have no bad comments about it whatsoever.
game-hours: 340.1
review: I played Civ V for 4+ years before I got the expansion packs. I love the game as a whole, but unfortunately the expansion packs have taken away a lot of the fun that I had while playing Civ V. There is quite a lot more going on than there was in the original game, so much so that the it is almost too much to handle. I'm sure I'll get used to it in time, but, as of now, I would recommend either only buying the game and not the packs, or buy it all, but play without the packs until you get the hang of the game.
game-hours: 341.5
review: Probably the best game i own. Many hours spent on this wonderful game. Not only the gameplay, but also the amazing community. 10/10
game-hours: 133.6
review: really great game to past time!
game-hours: 119.4
review: Totally addicted.
game-hours: 50.2
review: America is in this 10/10 would play
game-hours: 76.5
review: if you like geometry then this is the game for you!
game-hours: 18.0
review: I played it so much, my uterus exploded.
game-hours: 510.7
review: Da bomb! great game, hours of enjoyment.
game-hours: 392.0
review: good
game-hours: 570.9
review: This game is for patient mortals, great game if you are a visionary. Good active coommunity and some nice mods. I reccomend this game to anyone who like oxygen.
game-hours: 333.5
review: This game is like the bridge for advanced strategy games. It has such a complex, yet easily accomplishable setup. This gives Civ 5 an inumerable strength as a game. It provides you with over 30 civilizations to play as(DLC included). Each of them with a diverse yet interesting skill to go along with them. you could play as spain with a double bonus to all "exotic" tiles in the game. Or switch to carthage, giving you the ability to Cross mountains. Both long time strategists and newcomers will love this game. As well as its historical units will excited any history buffs out there. and any game you play in it will always challenge and amuse. if you have not already bought this game, you should right now.
game-hours: 277.7
review: Great game, but be ready to spend much time on this beauty. 10/10 wouldn't trust Gandhi again.
game-hours: 166.8
review: Great game. Played a short time and I'm convinced I'd like to play it a lot more. Not only do you get to conquer the world in multiple ways and in different senses of the word, but the road to that victory is eternally customizable. Runs great, only a few graphic glitches and almost never has performance lag. The audio isn't bad at all, and the sountrack adds a rather great touch. Smooth gameplay allows for coordinated or improvised moves. The entities and environment both look amazing. Definetely something to consider buying for both strategy and non-strategy gamers.
game-hours: 129.4
review: Ghandi=Scum That is all...
game-hours: 30.4
review: Blew my mind, loved it right away when i learned i could create Chaos.
game-hours: 20.0
review: a good game to waste time
game-hours: 62.1
review: Very educational game but at times not historically accurate such as( a nortedame in bismarks empire located in india) It is very fun adn u can spend hours to days just playing this and with a friend it is fun its a fun command and conquer game or u can choose many diffrent victories with many diffrent civilizations
game-hours: 740.9
review: BNW 10/10 :)
game-hours: 102.6
review: Very good and fun way for you and your friends to have fun on an afternoon, but i would get the DLC's as well, makes it more fun.
game-hours: 44.9
review: Super radical!
game-hours: 53.0
review: be hitler
game-hours: 70.4
review: Small pox, malaria, AIDS? All of the many things you will be diagnosed with after playing this slow as ing boring as  game. Cool Firaxis, I get it, you're ing stupid and want your dumb iPad game to take forever to boot up so that you can take the syringe while I wait and inject your cuntiness intravenously. In this game you control a bunch of sand er/europoor savages while Sid Meier takes a fat  on your computer monitor. It tastes like Wild Cherry and Wild Cherry sucks . 9/10
game-hours: 187.0
review: one of my favourite games!! 100% recomend you buy this game!
game-hours: 273.8
review: Fantastic!
game-hours: 625.9
review: Can you create a Civilization to stand the test of time? No. Because Gandhi will nuke you. 10/10.
game-hours: 8.2
review: One of the best.
game-hours: 89.9
review: bismark declared war on me while i was in the atomic era and he was in midevil 10/10 would nuke medevil germany again
game-hours: 212.5
review: ok zevklidir.
game-hours: 238.6
review: Sid Meier's Civ V is a must have if you are a fan of Turn Based Strategies. Giving you the ability to play as 50+ civilizations from 6000+ years of history it allows you to build them up your way while playing against or with other nations. Civ V gives you the ability to create your own social policies, religions, chose the global path as a UN Leader on a diplomatic battle ground putting sanctions and Embargos on countries and city-states in your way. Build a masive army to back yourself with, with the assistance of Nuclear Blastic Missles and Giant Death Robots you can watch as the world around you burns! or create the perfect Eutopia if your heart so desires. Steam Work Shop with its thousands of choices makes this game worth it even more. 10/10
game-hours: 45.0
review: Oh, how time flies!
game-hours: 488.5
review: Great game Pro's: -Addactive -The Euphoria from a victory (and not founding a religion) -You can literally play as the Rasta God (Haile Selassie of Ethiopia) -Good interactive with the AI -Good voice acting (1000+ points for Haile Selassie) -Civ related units -Diverse range of options of Civ's to play as -Arab money as either Arabia or Morocco -The Greek City state advantage, to show those Malaka's who really invented Democracy -Found a relgion to pray to the based God! Cons: -Why the HELL did the Devs choose Queen Dido, instead of Hannibal or Hamilcar Barca, for the leader of Carthage? And who the  is Dido anyway? -No British Civ -No Kingdom of Israel Civ -Ghandi -Too adictive -No animated interface when speaking to the AI when playing with Other people -The inclusion of Civ's such as the Shohone and Polynesia, which are hardly even as relevent to history, as say Israel or Britain are Overall about a 9/11, so i would pick it up if i was you, and you don't own it as of now.
game-hours: 137.4
review: This is an addicting game, I definitely recommend it.
game-hours: 337.1
review: Get Nuked By Gandhi Simulator 2015
game-hours: 60.0
review: Turn based RTS with real historic nations/leaders (note controversial chatacters like Hitler's Germany isn't present) Great Game Requires patience Never Trust Gandhi
game-hours: 1369.0
review: Start a game on quick pace, game takes a week. I HAVE NO REGRETS 11/10
game-hours: 34.7
review: Okay, not completely sure what all this stuff about getting nuked by Ghandi is, but this is a great game. Please get it.
game-hours: 63.2
review: I don't know who this Sid Meier's person is, but he stole my copy of Civs V.
game-hours: 238.7
review: Civilization 5 is a worthy successor, and I've really enjoyed my time with it. The overall depth of the game is the main strength, and anyone that has interest in history and turn-based stragegy will find it engrossing. Really, the array of possiblities of eventual life is infinite, and this game allows that presecent to breathe. The major downside of this game is the marketing. It's the DLC concept that makes me mad. It's a great product, but they want you to spend like $100 dollars to get the full thing. I waited for sales, but still it's the same. Back to the game, it's good and fun and you will waste hours where you say in your mind, "Well, just one more turn." If you can find a good sale, get this game, otherwise I would wait before simply getting the base game. I can't think of it without the DLC.
game-hours: 105.6
review: If declaring war on everyone as Gandhi isn't realistic, I don't know what is.
game-hours: 663.1
review: This game, just this game. :D
game-hours: 186.1
review: Don't trust Gandhi.
game-hours: 1553.2
review: I mean, it's really decent, but i couldn't get into it 6.5/10
game-hours: 148.3
review: Be warned! You got salad in Civ IV. 11/10 would salad again.
game-hours: 137.4
review: This is an addicting game, I definitely recommend it.
game-hours: 45.0
review: Oh, how time flies!
game-hours: 60.0
review: Turn based RTS with real historic nations/leaders (note controversial chatacters like Hitler's Germany isn't present) Great Game Requires patience Never Trust Gandhi
game-hours: 114.2
review: So this is basically how a game of Civ goes. Start up the game. Meet Ghandi. "Oh thank god Ghandi is suppose to be peaceful in real... Wait... Ghandi what are you doing?" Ghandi captures your capital and wins.
game-hours: 337.1
review: Get Nuked By Gandhi Simulator 2015
game-hours: 61.8
review: I really like it! Especially the part where I can nuke everyone, and backstab allies ;P
game-hours: 52.8
review: I was gonna play this game for a while and go to bed at 10 pm, a few minutes later i could hear birds chirping outside.. 10/10
game-hours: 94.7
review: More fun than the Black Plague.
game-hours: 180.5
review: This game is way too addictive and worth the money, even at a full price because the play time you put into it balances it out. Even when you take a break from playing it, it's always fun to come back to and it pulls you in each time. Definitely an amazing strategy game.
game-hours: 248.4
review: Literally the best strategy game I have ever played. You can never get bored with this as there are endless ways to play and a ton of mods to improve some aspects of the game (UI, Units, diplomacy stuff) 9.5/10
game-hours: 94.7
review: More fun than the Black Plague.
game-hours: 45.4
review: I got into a war with ghandi over uranium or spies or something. I dropped a nuke on him. He thought he was winning and demanded horses and pearls for a peace treaty. I dropped another nuke on him and demanded 2000 gold for a peace treaty. He refused and I had another nuke. 10/10
game-hours: 685.2
review: Best turn based strategy game ever.
game-hours: 658.2
review: Oh this game...I poured so many hours into it. Its nothing like attacking the enemy, sucessing and then repopulating their entire territory with your own population. watching their cities turn into your own. I LOVE THIS GAME! Negative sides are...The siege units are pretty useless in the early stages and the early units are...pretty useless, especially the special units which are shown up early in the game, because you can barely make enough of them that it matters any, because the progress in technology are faster then your cities.
game-hours: 120.5
review: Got nuked by ghandi. 10/10
game-hours: 29.4
review: Dis gaem rel gud i ricomend nic 10/10 du gud i dunT leik 1 ting a bot itt turnbsse not gud
game-hours: 84.4
review: Doobie in my hand, Rollie on my wrist Got a bottle of that thousand dollar champagne in my fist Women of in your dreams sleep in my bed So I don't need your brains I need my  kissed But all my homies like give me some head Smoke joints till our eyes turn Indian red Takes shots till our chests burn We got papers, bottles, mollies, all this let's get it started The bigger the bill, the bigger you ball The bigger the watch, the bigger the car, the bigger the star The bigger the chain, the farther you go, you already know The bigger the bank that's more hoes, a And I done spent a quarter milli on clothes Coppin' them oldschools and puttin' foriegns on the road Real talk and if my fuel get low I roll up another joint take a shot and reload, pow
game-hours: 443.9
review: Have you ever eaten a rainbow, and soon after you go into a diabetic coma due to how sweat it was? Plus the only way to get out of the coma you have to eat more of the rainbow. That is what this game is, it sucks you in and never lets you go. While you are taking over in game cities Civ V is taking over your life. Score: 5 Nukes/Gandhi
game-hours: 522.3
review: Dis good
game-hours: 42.2
review: Just like Endless Space but not in space. Read my Endless Space review to understand what I mean
game-hours: 190.5
review: Me: I'm just gonna play for about 2 hours. *FIVE hours later and game ends* Me: Well,  AND I DIDN'T EVEN WIN 10/10 would kill off montezuma first
game-hours: 140.7
review: I lik sid meir, his pen15 was very nice as I wated for turns.
game-hours: 86.2
review: This game real good like but 'tis kinda empty without the DLC #sidmeierisEA
game-hours: 848.5
review: Its nice
game-hours: 29.6
review: Beginning to ruin my life. 11/10. Would nuke Ghandi again.
game-hours: 213.9
review: It's a good game, just don't play it before exams! You'll be playing all night! :D
game-hours: 727.4
review: You can nuke people in 850BC. 10/10
game-hours: 46.1
review: It is a game
game-hours: 4.1
review: I HAVE NEVER HAD SO MUCH FUN KILLING THOUSANDS OF JAPS
game-hours: 48.9
review: Nuked all the male leaders and made friendship pacts with all female ones. Japan has a harem of female leaders now. 10/10
game-hours: 208.0
review: awesome game 8/10, but if u could jihad some american buildings would be 9/11.
game-hours: 18.8
review: ed up Russia, then the Russia like tyrant countries. 11/10 would clear the world of the tyrant countries at this game again!
game-hours: 108.5
review: NAPOLEON
game-hours: 8.9
review: If your looking for a review on this game you've come to the wrong place, but if your looking for an outstanding pie recipe you've come to the right place. Ingredients: 1. 6 tablespoons unsalted butter 2. 1/2 cup white sugar 3. 1/2 cup brown sugar 4. 1/4 cup water 5. 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon 6. 1 pinch salt 7. 5 apples - peeled, cored and sliced 8. 1 pastry for double-crust pie Directions: 1. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). 2. Combine butter, white sugar, brown sugar, water, cinnamon, and salt in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, remove from heat and set aside. 3. Roll out half the pastry to fit a 9-inch pie plate. Place bottom crust in pie plate; pour in apple slices. 4. Roll out top crust into a 10-inch circle. Cut into 8 (1-inch) wide strips with a sharp paring knife or pastry wheel. Weave the pastry strips, one at a time, into a lattice pattern. Fold the ends of the lattice strips under the edge of the bottom crust and crimp to seal. 5. Pour butter-sugar mixture over top of pie, coating the lattice, and allowing any remaining sauce to drizzle through the crust. 6. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and bake until the crust is golden brown, the caramel on the top crust is set, and the apple filling is bubbling, 35 to 40 more minutes. Allow to cool completely before slicing.
game-hours: 193.9
review: This game is like monopoly, there is only one guy, that ONE guy, who's hard to tackle. (gandi!!!!!) But when you are that one guy, you WIN! but serious, this game is awesome! Only hogwarts is better.
game-hours: 691.6
review: Sleep is just another sacrifice on the road to victory
game-hours: 37.4
review: This is a horrible game! You start playing and just can't stop. I played the original, many many years ago when it came on one 1.4MB floppy. It was already a good game then, where i wasted a lot of time on. I bought this when it came available on SteamOS and look and behold, the game is still as great as it ever was, still wasting my time like i have nothing better to do. Man, i hate this game for being so good and not letting me go. What's more, the game creators know this, when you complete a game and win, it leaves you an option of 'just one more turn' ... but it never is just one more turn is it? As with any addictive drug you think you can quit, but you can't. Buyers be warned!
game-hours: 124.9
review: If you don't own this game, then you need to own it. I could literally play this for hours a day and forget that I was even alive. You can play it with your friends, get your  kicked by Queen Elizabeth (she is a GIANT C U N ext T uesday) because she has every ing ship ever made ever, and likes to denounce me all the time because she is an ape, jokes on her when I nuke her  to Sid Meier's basement. Or, you could ignore my useless banter about England (sorry England, I like you in real life), and just buy the game. You can get the game and the DLC for $15 on Amazon, if you're lucky. You want to stop playing this, but "just one more turn." But when that next turn comes, then here comes a ing Barbarian ready to steal your units, or pulling a ship up to your coastal city like it's a ing drive-thru, so you are gonna pull a frigate out of that coastal city's  and send that Barbarian ship to the bottom of the sea where it BELONGS.
game-hours: 106.5
review: If you don't have much free time DO NOT BUY this game. It will ruin your life. It will be 3 AM, you desperately need to sleep and all you'll think about is: "just one more turn". This game is perfect. Its like merging chess with history. Absolutely amazing! I was kidding, by all means BUY THIS!
game-hours: 243.9
review: great game get the dlc for full value
game-hours: 291.0
review: Sid Meier's deep and multi-layered character compellingly contextualizes the rest of the experience, making it truly memorable.
game-hours: 71.0
review: Easy to grasp while hard to master. Those words are a great description of CiV and all of its great new features. I haven't played this game as much as I have wanted, but it's only because every time I start a new game, I end up sitting on the PC for 8 or more hours straight, more or less. If you're willing to sacrifice your free time to a game, then go for it. It's a brilliant game.
game-hours: 179.2
review: At its bare bones without expansions, this game tends to start out boring but when you feel the real general gist of the game it turns out to be quite the gem of the steam store, whether you want to play the peaceful diplomat or the fearsome warrior, i would say a good game for any strategy lover
game-hours: 99.3
review: Great game but it will eat your life
game-hours: 19.5
review: This game takes hours before you can finish the whole thing as one person. There are more than one leader you can pick from. This game is fun overall!!!!
game-hours: 82.0
review: good but better with the DLC
game-hours: 155.6
review: All that you need to know about this game is... that it is Sid Meier's Civilization!! Come on! You don't need more incentive!
game-hours: 37.0
review: huzzah!
game-hours: 77.3
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 126.0
review: It's consistently one of the most played games on steam. I like it. Everybody likes it.
game-hours: 406.6
review: Don't bum rush culture when you are about to get ed by the Portugese inquisition!!
game-hours: 455.0
review: great game easy to get into and yet extremely deep it's a game where you're going to have to take risks and rely on the fact that your enemy takes risks, with great planning and organization and strategy needed
game-hours: 106.7
review: Glad i finally listened to my friends and gave this one a try. Two thumbs up, love it!
game-hours: 614.5
review: best civ game out there i can play for hours
game-hours: 67.6
review: I LOVE THIS GAME ITS FUN THIS IS MY BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 160.8
review: Games like this is the reason PC always was, is and will be superior to console.
game-hours: 97.4
review: A wonderful continuation of the Civilisation saga - as I had previously only played Civ II on my parents' ancient windows xp the complex animated graphics were a nice surprise, as was the hexagonal map pattern which I found allowed for battles to be a lot more strategic than the more constricting chequerboard pattern of Civ II. A very nice turn based game with sufficient 'blood and gore' opportunities for the budding Genghis Khan, while a more diplomatically-minded player can mind their own borders and so attempt a cultural or scientific victory. It has a variety of different win-strategies, meaning that one play through just isn't enough. An excellent game for anyone who likes turn based strategy games.
game-hours: 72.1
review: Crazy addictive.. just.. one... more.. turn!!!
game-hours: 74.4
review: ...
game-hours: 37.1
review: long af
game-hours: 101.7
review: One of the best turn based strategy games I've played. Buy it.
game-hours: 120.8
review: I keep coming back to it, and it always sucks me in for hours.
game-hours: 66.8
review: Fun, but long-termed. Plan a day to play the game.
game-hours: 107.0
review: Worth the money and a must have for strategy fans.
game-hours: 22.0
review: Whenever I try to play it I end up playing it for way to long. Great game.
game-hours: 20.2
review: I know for the moment that I only have around thirteen hours logged, but that was one game where I needed just one more turn. I'm too scared to go back... 10/10
game-hours: 117.3
review: Ok I'm a bit biased, I love almost all Sid Meier games so this one is a cake walk. No campaign mode kind of takes away from it but with plenty to do its a fun game
game-hours: 608.0
review: One of the best strategy games I have ever encountered.
game-hours: 40.4
review: imperialism simulator 11/10 would play again
game-hours: 4.1
review: only a person named stevoqueer would enjoy such a game of this magnitude
game-hours: 160.2
review: You can buy a hard copy for like half the ing price
game-hours: 668.3
review: Life? What life? 400+ Hours
game-hours: 121.5
review: This game is a must play, its one of the only games i have a lot of hours on!
game-hours: 29.9
review: This game is a serious load of fun; however, a single match can take ages. In the words of a good friend of mine, "It would probably take less time to build an actual civilization than to finish one game here."
game-hours: 1067.0
review: Endless replay potential hence the ~1000 hours logged... :/
game-hours: 85.2
review: Make sure you do not buy the original game on it's own. Buy the game bundle with all the dlc. Far more worth it and you save a lot of money in doing so. buy the original game and the dlc separately is a major rip off.
game-hours: 690.7
review: There are not words for how much time I have spent on this game. It is amazingly addictive. Suggestion: find someone to marry who also plays Civ. It's the only way.
game-hours: 295.7
review: I lost friends over this game 11/10 Best $30 I've ever spent
game-hours: 561.9
review: Great game with unlimited replay value.
game-hours: 43.6
review: totaly AWESOME!the gameplay is great,the graphics are awesome, and its just all-around EPIC.
game-hours: 315.0
review: This was worth failing Spanish
game-hours: 442.1
review: If you're reading this 20 years in the future for some odd reason, scroll up and buy the game. I don't even care if Civ VI or Civ VII has come out in that span of time, you should still buy this, and get addicted in the process.
game-hours: 57.4
review: It's reet gud!!!!
game-hours: 162.6
review: I play this way too much. This is a great followup for the Civ franchise. The DLC is worth it at any price, but you still get a great game without the DLC. If you buy this, you'll get used to the hours flying by.
game-hours: 167.7
review: This game is highley recommend for any one to who wants to play it
game-hours: 92.5
review: Just as addictive as all the previous Civilizations. A wide variety of civilizations to pick from with different units and benefits that give you a slight edge in certain playstyles. A worthy successor.
game-hours: 50.5
review: This game is awesome, just flat out awesome! Its one of those games where when you first get it, you'll play it a ton, then you won't play it for about a month, then one day when you're bored, you'll look through your steam library and find this game, and you'll start playing it again. Oh yeah, and this game has a ton of steam DLC, each one adding in more gameplay mechanics, more civilizations, and more everything else. So if you feel like you'll enjoy it, you probobly will. And if it looks kinda dumb to you, it'll probobly seem pretty dumb when you play it. Or maybe you'll still enjoy it. Thats possible to.
game-hours: 125.1
review: Not a bad game it is a real time passer
game-hours: 55.0
review: Great game. Really time-consuming though, 10/10
game-hours: 82.0
review: I have played this way way way way way way way way too much. But I don't regret a minute of it.
game-hours: 37.5
review: this game is great. Love it!!!
game-hours: 179.5
review: Do not get this game if you have a short attention span, this is a strategy game that requires a lot of thinking, planning and time.
game-hours: 515.8
review: The game feels finished, and plays well. It's an improvement over civ 4 in every way, save mutliplayer, which is awful, lacking mod support, animated leader heads, etc. Fleshed out multiplayer would be much appreciated.
game-hours: 49.1
review: this is one of the better simulator games out there, accurately representing the hundreds of years it takes to build a dirt road ten kilometres long
game-hours: 214.9
review: Civ V is the best in the series so far. Definitely one of my favorite games of all time!
game-hours: 342.8
review: "It's worse than a plane flight"
game-hours: 20.8
review: I was deep in prayer when an angel entered my mind space. She was mixed-ethnicity and looked a little bit like a woman that worked at the local Panda Express (lol @ all of you who think that angels are white. God doesn't descriminate against any groups. Read the bible.) "You shall be the pillar of a new civilization.", the angel said. Then she told me her name was Lucy. Lucy Furr. I didn't know what that meant at the time, but COINCIDENTALLY, 6 YEARS LATER, I see that this game is on sale for 75% off. So, I bought it. Now I'm just waiting for a heavenly message to come through this blessed WIndows 8 :)
game-hours: 93.6
review: This is an exceptionally great turn based strategy game. I haven't played many other games like this but it has encouraged me to. I actually hadn't played the other 4 games in the Civilization series and I found getting into the game a bit tricky but with the help of some mates and the wiki I managed to love the game. I ended up creating a relatively awesome empire only to be crushed by a backstabbing 'friend'. So if you're wondering wether to buy this game or not I would recommend you do and buy the DLC Brave New World, it adds so much and makes it so much better. Buy it, get into the game and start up with your friends.
game-hours: 54.9
review: This is an epic game
game-hours: 233.9
review: Reviews are unecessary. Just buy it, you'll like it, whether if you like it or not.
game-hours: 68.1
review: g8 gam 4 all of de kiddies these dayz
game-hours: 1275.5
review: This game makes my  rock hard.
game-hours: 174.3
review: A game you'll probably keep coming back to. Replayability over years in my experience.
game-hours: 263.9
review: Civilization is a fantastic series, and V finally adds something the series always needed: hexes. With Gods and Kings it has included many refinements that makes this game the most challenging and difficult of the incarnations of this game. Update: The Brave New World incarnation changes faith and culture once more. Cultural victories are still the most common kind in my games, since I tend to forgo warfare for technological advances. I miss the cultural conversion of enemy cities that was part of Civ IV, but that was a conceit that does not generally fit reality.
game-hours: 201.3
review: fun
game-hours: 373.3
review: This is possibly the best strategy game I've ever played I recommend this game to any and all!
game-hours: 464.2
review: This game taught me more about foreign politics than the education system has.
game-hours: 55.8
review: Five seconds in, already climaxed.
game-hours: 431.0
review: Pretty much the best game ever.
game-hours: 40.8
review: Addictive, 'nuff said.
game-hours: 388.6
review: The ultimate strategy game. The good: lots of strategic choices, stunning graphics, culturally very rich. The bad: too long games.
game-hours: 119.9
review: Gandhi is warmongering phsycopath. 11/10
game-hours: 62.9
review: Very fun game where you can command one of many civilizations from around time. Go to war with Montezuma as George Washington with Genghis Khan at your side, or generate tourism for your civ. Fly into space, or be elected world leader. Infinite replay value. The expansion packs and civilization DLCs (Korea, Polynesia, Babylon, Denmark) add a lot to the game, and made my playthroughs a lot more fun. Brave New World, the second expansion, really fleshed out cultural victories. Mods add a lot of content to the game, including maps, civilizations, and scenarios. Anyways, this is a great game, and I personally cannot wait for Civilization: Beyond Earth next fall. 9.5/10
game-hours: 306.2
review: GOD HAS GIVEN US THE GLORY OF BRETRAYAL AND NUCLEAR WAR WITH GANDHI, thus i give the title of funniest/ funnest game to civ 5, but realy its an amazing game and worth the money.
game-hours: 65.4
review: There is many things wrong with the world. It's your job to fix it. GET THIS GAME
game-hours: 143.9
review: This is a game you may not play too often, but when you start a game, be prepared for the next 5-50 hours to be solely focussed on wiping Gandi off the face of the planet with nuclear weaponary. Your visions of being a peaceful civilisation are shattered by your own self greed for world domination, your small tribe of simple warriors have evolved into super death machines that march from London to Tokyo (perhaps because Japan settled too close to you and the city is only 2 turns walk away). DESTROY, CONQUER AND REBUILD! *ahem* A few downsides to this game is that you may never return to an old campign, each session generally feels like its time to begin anew. Also, no one watching over your shoulder will understand how fun/addictive this game is, You just need to play it to understand.
game-hours: 509.4
review: Very in depth, although there are some massivly overpowered civs like Russia. Just as warning, Ghandi is not your friend past the atomic era
game-hours: 103.0
review: This is a brillant game for people with a bit/lot of spare time, with is beatiful grahpics and amazing featurers, watch your CIVILIZATION grow. sorry for te cheeseyness also if theres any spelling errors.
game-hours: 451.8
review: did strategy wrong got nuked 11/10 would boink
game-hours: 178.8
review: One more turn... just one more turn... Several hours later...
game-hours: 1510.5
review: Very addicting, due to its unpredictableness and your ability to choose to build your civilization however you want it. 10/10 stay up playing most nights
game-hours: 282.0
review: Never gets old.
game-hours: 257.3
review: Super fun!
game-hours: 203.3
review: This game is very fun and addicting. I would reccomend it to all those questioning whether they should buy it or not. Best $20 I have spent in a long time.
game-hours: 22.7
review: a unit needs order
game-hours: 100.9
review: love this game, you say to yourself, one more turn but then it becomes 20 then 100, the only advice I have is to NOT TRUST GANDHI
game-hours: 352.1
review: This game is amazing!!! If you're not playing it you need to!
game-hours: 145.7
review: um dos melhores se no o melhor jogo de estrategia que joguei at hoje...
game-hours: 64.4
review: I absolutly love it!! Just such a superb commbination of stratagy, history(sort of) and city domination. In my opinion Brave New World has just made Civ 5 even better with the addition of Great People, Better Trading, and More Civs.
game-hours: 268.8
review: If you like your social life, but you want this game, you have to choose. You aren't allowed both.
game-hours: 92.2
review: Just grab all the luxuries before anyone else. Get the money.
game-hours: 219.4
review: Work? What work? I don't have a job anymore...
game-hours: 445.5
review: Incredibly addictive strategy game that requires a hell of a lot of patience. GNK and BNW are both incredible DLC packs as well. If you can stomach a game that lasts 10 hours but enjoy the freedom and fluidity of the timeline, have at it!
game-hours: 224.7
review: There are not enough hours in the day.
game-hours: 62.8
review: I'm currently Caesar destroying Ethiopia in battle. I also push my religion of "Three-Legged Man" and my beautiful, massive, market onto every neighboring nation. It's a good way to spend a week.
game-hours: 52.3
review: Extremely fun but the gameplay mechanics are very buggy For example in multi player when you send someone a Trade offer they can change it before you can say yes or No, meaning that they can take your city.
game-hours: 194.2
review: That moment you realize that you are next to ghandi.
game-hours: 59.7
review: Blew up an empire with an atomic bomb 10/10
game-hours: 11.3
review: Complicate .... but if u know how to play dis  , u cant turn off it buddies
game-hours: 361.0
review: After 4 years of game play; it still gives the first days' enthusiasm.
game-hours: 128.3
review: i furtherly enjoy this game. I play it almost everyday with my friend trevor we have played this alot i have like 65 hours on it
game-hours: 161.8
review: One of the best things about Civ5 is it's replayability. Advanced setup, randomly generated maps, and dozens of Civs that all act uniquely, this game never gets old. Even in the middle of a game, theres always the next thing to do, whether it's to reseach a new technology, make your cities happy, or nuke your opponents into a firey oblivion. I've spent entire days playing this game. I regret nothing.
game-hours: 335.9
review: so you like being a leader?How about war?want to found the countries with out history in the real world?Then this your game.But in all honesty this a good game play it now.9 out 10.
game-hours: 93.7
review: Highly addictive and would recommend to anyone who feels like they dont want to see the sun for a while. i have had many sleepless nights cursing the queen of England, or the emperor of Rome.
game-hours: 60.6
review: SO MUCH BETTER THAN HAVING A LIFE
game-hours: 265.1
review: Civ V is my deault game, pure and simple. Only got an hour? Play a few turns and save. Cleaning up the house? Turned based is excellent to be able to walk away from while the other players are simulated. THe additional senarios leave much content yet to be explored but what I have only adds to the greatness. Mods! Pirates and Hobbits on Tatooine. and DONE
game-hours: 139.1
review: It's Civ. And the best one yet. What more can I say?
game-hours: 959.4
review: This is the first game I tried in the Civilizations series, and it definately will not be the last. Having purchased the original and Gods & Kings DLC nearly a year ago, I will soon be purchasing the Brave New World expansion whenever I find the time. Even if you are new to Civilizations as a whole, this game is still easily adaptable and well worth your time. Civilization V is simple enough to learn in a quick game or two, however offers enough micro-manageable options in order to be completely customizable both pre-game and in-game. This game caters to any play style, and you can adjust nearly anything you want. From game speed, map size, and map type to what resource focus to put your capital on and where to build a city to benefit you the most, the game offers nearly endless amounts of customization and micro-management. I strongly suggest the purchase of the Gods & Kings expansion and/or the Brave New World expansion along with this game. They add much more features to make your Civ 5 experience as enjoyable as possible. Lastly, you do not require any special talent in reaction time, and you do not require "an eagle's eye" to play. All you need is strategy, a sense of fun, and time. Lots of time.
game-hours: 312.0
review: I lost my life to this game
game-hours: 78.7
review: gandhi nuked me
game-hours: 38.2
review: Very good game
game-hours: 119.2
review: one of my favorite game, get it if you have the money, but be carefull, if you start pl;aying this game, there is a good chance you will forget ti stop, and then all of a sudden its 11 hours later.
game-hours: 1559.9
review: Played Civ series since the first in the series, especially Civ2. Civ V is very addictive - only play if you don't want a life.
game-hours: 89.0
review: >Am Washington >Build monarchy >Democratic England attacks >Still win the battle for independence >All hail King Washington
game-hours: 1244.6
review: Best Civ ever.
game-hours: 212.1
review: Alright here I will review not only Civilization V but also the DLC Brave New World. Let's get started. Civilization V is highly superior over its predecessor Civilization IV, it introduces new challenges like worrying about your Gold Per Turn and how much resources you have. I like the idea of social policies, and I do like how there aren't religions (yet), I found that to be a really annoying aspect of Civilization IV. The leaders in Civilization V have good yet not OP advantages, but that doesn't mean that some leaders are more of a jerk than others (Egypt I'm looking at you). Overall I highly recommend that you purchase Civilization V. Now before I talk about Brave New World, let's talk about something REALLY bothersome (for me at least). It's one thing when you make a DLC expensive and overpriced, but with Civ 5, they felt the need to make BOTH of the DLC expansions the same price as the game! Overall that's about $90, which is a ludacris pricetag for any video game. You hit the border when you make a game $60, but at least with that the DLCs don't cost another $60 they cost more like $10.00. Here, you can buy multiple games with $90, you can buy an AAA title game + DLC for that price, there are so many better options than buying DLC that has the same pricetag as the game. Many people will argue that the DLC is priced that way because it's "a whole new game". Well I call bullcrap with that, now, you can call me a smartass and whatever, but if it was a whole new game, then why does it look identical to the original, has all the same leaders from the original, all the same units, and a whole lot more. Face it, it's not a whole new game, it's just a GOD DAMN EXPANSION PACK. Anyway, onto Brave New World. It's a good DLC, the new Civilizations are great, and I like how the developers fixed some of the policies, like how Commerce is now entirely focused on gold instead of navy and gold. I also like the idealogies, and the new units aren't that bad either. However, this expansion isn't without its flaws. While it is kinda optional, they brought back religions, which are very distracting from the gameplay, seeing as how nearby civs are always trying to convert my cities, and I just want them to  off. They also introduced war mongering, which makes a domination victory unpleasnently harder. What this does is that now whenever you capture a city, you either recieve a minor or major war monger, which effects your reputation among the civs in game. When there's a civ bothering me and I take his capital, now everyone hates me for doing so. In general, it's a good DLC, however, don't be the idiot consumer who purchases it when it's not on sale.
game-hours: 105.0
review: AMAZINK GET NOW
game-hours: 116.7
review: Hours of fun
game-hours: 369.6
review: Do you like losing time? Do you like missing entire weeks of your life? Do you like being so imersed in a game that you don't realize the sun setting and rising? Then this game is for you! There are a few small bugs here and there and it is not too difficiult to learn how to play. Just don't jump in on Prince and for Cage's sake DON'T LISTEN TO THE ADVISORS!!! Look up guides on the internet if you really need to. I suggest for you to wait until the Winter or Fall sale to get the game because it is a few years old and the new Civ game drops in October, however, it will most likely be riddled with bugs just as this was after it's release. When buying this game make sure you get all of the DLC so you can play the game correctly. If you try to play this game in Vanilla you will not only be playing a broken game and you will be missing out on the amazing content in Gods and Kings and Brave New World. I don't really need to give you a breakdown of gameplay, thats what the big game websites are for, I'm here to tell you to buy this game, say goodbye to your realatives and install a toilet in your bedroom, you're in for a long ride.
game-hours: 266.6
review: Awesome Game! This is the first one i've played out of the series, love the idea of passing through time as you play. Every combat unit can pretty much be upgraded so keep them alive, you'll have upgraded units with their promotions.
game-hours: 53.7
review: Side Meier's Civilization V NUNCA vai haver algo to pico... e de nicho. Quando se fala de games de estratgia de maneira gera os primeiros titulos que aparecem so Age of Empires, Age of Mythology as vezes at algum titulo da srie Total War. Muito mais dificil alguem falar Civilization. Por que? Por que civilization no  para qualquer um. Desculpem a sinceridade mas  preciso falar. E Civilization V veio para confirmar isso. Mais do que nunca os pontos fortes dos games antigos so reforados e cada vez mais o game toma a sua forma nica de um jogo de estratgia para quem AMA estratgia. O sistema por turnos, caracteristico da srie, encaixa perfeitamente nas novas formas de administrao. A inteligncia artificial  simplesmente genial criando tramoias e eventos que voc vai se lembrar por um bom tempo. O jogo em si j  perfeito, acrescente a ele depois( apesar do preo salgado) as expanses e voc vai entender por que Civilization  ENDEUSADO por quem gosta e CHACINADO por quem o odeia. 10/10 ____________________________________ Side Meier 's Civilization V NEVER will be something so epic ... and niche. When speaking of games of strategy so generates the first song that appear are Age of Empires, Age of Mythology sometimes even some title series Total War Far more difficult to talk someone Civilization. Why ? Because Civilization is not for everyone . Sorry but I need to speak honestly . And Civilization V came to confirm this. More than ever the strengths of the old games are increasingly strengthened and the game takes its unique shape a strategy game for those who LOVES strategy. The shift system , characteristic of the series , fits perfectly in the new forms of administration. Artificial intelligence is simply ingenious machinations and creating events that you will remember for a long time . The game itself is already perfect , add to it later ( despite the hefty price tag ) expansions and you 'll understand why Civilization is deified by those who love and slain by those who hate him . 10/10
game-hours: 47.9
review: NEVER TRUST GANDHI
game-hours: 284.4
review: Addicting
game-hours: 41.5
review: Awesome game, very addictive! ;D
game-hours: 50.6
review: Lots of Fun. The single player is the best thing ever, even tough multiplayer is even better. You start slow but soon enough you create the greatest empire in the world. Takes a long time to figure out how to play but this game is going to be played for a long time. You will see me play this a lot.
game-hours: 87.8
review: This game will become your religion.
game-hours: 90.0
review: Super fun <3
game-hours: 221.8
review: Pretty good game bro!
game-hours: 187.9
review: Love this game its a must have if you love turn based strategys.
game-hours: 1647.4
review: The KING of empire and civilization bulding games. Great modding community. This game is truly the one to emulate if building or designing a civ building game. I have spent so much time on this game and enjoyed every minute. Just one more turn.... I HIGHLY recommend this game. Buy the DLC's on sale on steam when available, most are game changing enough to be worthy of your money. 10/10 (this is also true of Civ IV which is almost identical with some minor differences)
game-hours: 131.2
review: this game is so much fun, i couldnt think of any other way id rather waste an entire day lol
game-hours: 573.0
review: yeah pretty good
game-hours: 79.4
review: World domination. That is all. MWHAHAAHAHAHAAAA!
game-hours: 256.3
review: A fun stratagy game that can take forever to complete. There are ways to play shorter games but I like striving for tanks and aircraft to stomp my enemies. Cities are harder to defeat than any previous Civ. Takes a lot of artillery, soldiers and what ever else you can throw at them even when thier Tech is low.
game-hours: 44.9
review: Forgot to recommend this.. IT'S THE BEST GAME EVER XD I got goty first and then I bought the gold upgrade for $5 which was worth it :D
game-hours: 710.8
review: I single handedly wiped out The Americans and my Iroquois brothers as The Shoshone who in historical times never numbered much over 4,500. 10/10 would exact revenge again
game-hours: 58.3
review: Day 1: as Kamehameha (Polynesian) I've nuked Babilon with my bombers. Totally worth it. WARNING: this game is a hell of a drug. Play responsibly.
game-hours: 1116.6
review: Probably my favorite game. EVER.
game-hours: 70.0
review: Great Game
game-hours: 151.8
review: Paid France to declare war against my friend behind their back. Friend won't play the game with me again. 10/10
game-hours: 102.1
review: It's hard to describe what is Civilization to someone who never played it. Well, it's a simulator of building your own empire in a way that ou prefer - wars, economics, diplomacy, religion. If you are a big fan of strategy genre, you should definetely play this game, it's great. It's also turn-based. Don't rush into multiplayer, try some single player scenarios first to feel game pace and choices that you must do in order to conquer the world. Good luck!
game-hours: 913.3
review: killer
game-hours: 89.7
review: Serious time killer. And it's all fun and games until you lose to a time victory.
game-hours: 461.5
review: Very entertaining when played with friends, not less in singleplayer. Developing strategical thinking and situational awareness , also providing countless hours of fun at once. It's an unique feeling to lead your nation through centuries of always-different-worlds' histories. Though the base game is a little bit poor compared to the game with all DLC's.
game-hours: 119.5
review: This game is such a great game. In fact, I hate almost every RTS and this is the only one I actually like. It's not the hardest to know what to do, but also requires skill. Especially when playing on the harder difficulties. This game is more of a political game, being that you get to start up you Civilization with one city and continue to grow it until it's an entire country. Most problems with the game are solved within the Brave New World expansion. If you enjoy RTS's or would like to conquer other countries with giant death robots then this is a game for you.
game-hours: 58.2
review: it's gd :) xDdddDDD xx
game-hours: 146.9
review: OYI TOK MANTAP BRO
game-hours: 224.6
review: this game is amazing it could not get ant better i heard there going to make a civ 6 cant wait!!!!
game-hours: 206.3
review: great game to waste your youth
game-hours: 341.7
review: 8/10 Glorious, really. Although, the concept of time needs to be addressed, you need to have it in ample amounts to fully appreciate the creation.
game-hours: 10.9
review: Its k, not as good as Lira but yeah
game-hours: 654.9
review: hours of fun and diffrent ways to play one of the best games out.
game-hours: 1119.4
review: This is the best game ever as much as I'm concern!
game-hours: 747.6
review: What can I say? I've wasted 600 hours of my life on this game.
game-hours: 322.9
review: 10/10 would blow Ghandhi up again
game-hours: 98.3
review: Great game, the best game I have played on steam so far. Get it!
game-hours: 34.5
review: Get stoned create A Civ and get lost
game-hours: 57.7
review: This game is very much worth the money. Its quite fun to play with friends or even with total starngers.
game-hours: 685.2
review: Pros: I love it, I played it a ton, and I love it, I love how you get to chose your path and interact with others. Cons: I sometimes find it hard to finish the game. Not like difficulty, but continuing the game because it gets a little boring in the later eras (I love future and modern warfare, so I don't know why I don't like to finish). Time- These games take forever, I was playing, and I was less than halfway through the game and it had already taken 300 turns, and over 5 hours. Selection- Your selection of units and civilizations is very limited in my mind. If it were me, I would have over 200 different civs, and as many unique units for every civ as possible, this is close to impossible, but that is just me. Overall: I love it and highly recommend it!
game-hours: 350.9
review: Amazing game.
game-hours: 524.9
review: Don't ever play this  vanilla. That's a mistake. Boy get the Expansions, both if you can but at least Gods and Kings. Now let's build an empire.  your workers were stolen by barbarians. Go find their bandit campm All right, there it is. Let's get our worker back, yeah? Warriors and archers all up on that camp! GET REKT BANDIT NERDS! HAHAHA! Yeah, now we can finally improve some tiles and maybe build that Great Library you wanted.... THE GREAT LIBRARY HAS BEEN BUILT IN A FAR AWAY LAND.
game-hours: 52.2
review: I didn't know if i would like civ or not since ive never played a turn-based game. I AM ADDICTED. buy this game
game-hours: 71.7
review: 10/10 would raze w/ giant death robots again
game-hours: 260.3
review: This game is a MUST OWN for anyone who plays pc gaming.
game-hours: 1418.7
review: dont start!!! its like heroin !
game-hours: 356.8
review: Middle East is united under the great Harun Al-rasheed. France is underdeveloped country and Englend spreads Hinduism like a wild fire . What more do you want ?!
game-hours: 272.7
review: This Is A Really Fun Game I Love It Keep Up The Good Work
game-hours: 2.5
review: yes
game-hours: 67.8
review: great
game-hours: 608.8
review: Addicting, time consuming, immersive. These are words you hear when you describe the Civ franchise and this is no different. While rough at launch, many updates, expansion packs and dlcs have made it a formidable game in the Civ franchise. It still excels at allowing you to create your own stories, and keep you playing "just one more turn!" I recomend buying the expansion packs as they add many new civs and mechanics that add much needed depth that vanilla is missing, the rest of the various dlcs are optional however. Buy this game, you won't regret it, but your to-do list might!
game-hours: 267.9
review: A truly fantastic game, rich in depth and replay value. If you get anywhere near finishing the steam achievements, your a better person than I!
game-hours: 783.7
review: AMAZING GAME! Spent a ton of time on it. One of my most played game as well. :P The expansions are very worth it adds a lot of extra depth to a game that is already extremely deep.
game-hours: 385.1
review: It's simply amazing
game-hours: 87.0
review: This game is everything perfect in gaming. I tend to be a massive critic when it comes to video games. Especially so to Strategy games as it is my favored genre and, therefore, I am extremely picky about which ones I enjoy. Now, one look at my Steam Library will probably tell you exactly what style of Strategy games I enjoy (RTS). Simply put, I have never really liked Turn Based combat in any form. I can appreciate things like X-Com, and get the appeal to Pokemon and Final Fantasy, but I really just don't like turn based combat in any form. This game, however, has altered my oppinion of Turn Based Strategy completely. I wish there was more to say, but there are just so few words to describe this game well enough. The soundtrack is excellent, the gameplay is truly addictive and has depth the size of the Marianna Trench. The level designs are randomized in most cases, meaning that you'll literally never replay the same campaign ever unless you play one of the presets. The AI can be randomized as well. Throw all this into one bowl, add in rpg-like elements to build an empire that's truly yours, a political and economic system that puts EVE online to shame, and a simple, sleek, beautiful, easy to understand UI that feels like butter on your eyesockets and you still won't be able to grasp the perfection of this game. For those of you blessed to live near an IN-N-Out burger, imagine you've just been told that you can now have free infinite IN-N-Out Burgers and fries for life. The feeling of your taste buds erupting at the thought of all that burgery goodness is the equivelant of playing this game for ten minutes. In summary: Stop reading and buy this game you filthy peasant.
game-hours: 245.8
review: basically you get to reright history so you can be Gandhi The Great Warmonger or Atilla The Fun or even have the great wall of America who knows the rome could even go to space and its good and you should play it cuz its good yaay
game-hours: 22.5
review: It's extremely fun and a great way to pass time. Its even more fun with friends.
game-hours: 367.5
review: So much of my life has been lost to this game. 10/10
game-hours: 636.5
review: Just as addictive (or more so) as Civ III, the first game I ever spent entire weekends playing. I am a terribad Civ player, yet get a lot of fun playing it, every time.
game-hours: 733.5
review: "It's like skyrim with gandhi 10/10"
game-hours: 147.4
review: This game is very time consuming but you meet tons of new people, and develop skills like strategies, and diplomatic abilities, this game is like life, risk, chess, and facebook all thrown in a blender to get this game.
game-hours: 624.9
review: I spent like 40 hours playing this game in the first 3 days. The variety of civilizations and their characteristcs fused with the game concepts itself will make you spend hours instead of minutes you intended to. I strongly not recommend for those who has limited time to play or has some work to do.
game-hours: 130.9
review: A brilliant game. On the higher levels, it is challenging, yet just as addictive. Multiplayer gameplay is amazing, especially with expansion packs enabled, however, make sure you (and your partner/s) have a stable internet connection, as the game may have a tendancy to drop mid-way through. There are many Mods available for this game and I adivse you all to check them out. I am an avid fan of Sid Meier and cannot wat to see what they come out with next. Definately recommended.
game-hours: 231.5
review: With way more than 200 hours of gameplay (Steam is always about 40% of what I actually played), this is my most played game in my library. This is not the greatest game of all time, but it is probably in my top three, with Portal 2 as the greatest game of all time. While this game does take long, it is worth it and very consuming! I love this game and I would most definitely recommend it! I love this game!
game-hours: 53.5
review: Lots of hexagonic ''tiles''. Makes my head explode. Still, several hours later I finally had Gandi begging for mercy. Good game
game-hours: 317.8
review: Brilliant! Can't stop playing it.
game-hours: 129.4
review: One of the better strategy games of this generation. I do find war a little clunky but other than that it's an amazing game.
game-hours: 74.0
review: With this game you can play as Britain and retake what is truly ours.... the world! Apart from that you can nuke whoever you want so enjoy!
game-hours: 172.7
review: Really fun game...TBS game and from a great maker.
game-hours: 135.4
review: If you're looking for a stratagy game, you came to the right place. Civ's easy-to-learn hard-to-master controls and mechanics make it one of my favorite stratagy games. I honestly did not expect to enjoy this game as much as I have. The AI is clever and unexpected, the gameplay is fun, especially in single player, and multiplayer is... mostly stable. The game does sometimes randomly disconnect you from games, however it's not too difficult to just reconnect. Also, in multiplayer turns can go on for quite a while, especially considering some players have more to do than others, so sometimes you end up sitting around doing nothing, however this is a problem with most/all turn based games. All problems aside, it's a great stratagy game.
game-hours: 687.0
review: Must play! Just never trust Gandhi...
game-hours: 1176.1
review: Great game for history  like me who just want to soak in all the indulgences of helotic civ
game-hours: 30.2
review: beware playing with war mongers fun multiplayer singleplayer boringish 7.9/10 (tip for pros only : rush nuke tech for e z win)
game-hours: 64.3
review: Amazing game. Very in-depth and great game style. 10/10
game-hours: 182.7
review: I love it, very addictive. Very good with all DLC's. All of them.
game-hours: 6.9
review: A beautifully well-made, turned-based strategy game, Civilization V will capture and enthrall you for hours on end. Even for someone like myself who has never played another civilization game before, this game had me addicted about 10 minutes into it and I've played for several hours nonstop, only stopping for real-life necessities. You create your own world, own maps, own cultures, all from scrap and then try to see and make them rise to greatness. I cannot implore you enough to acquire this game. Note at 7/14/13: Some people on tf2op are selling it for 2 keys so dont miss this oppotunity to pick it up! You will NOT be disappointed if you love creative, strategic games of any kind. This is a top-notch 9/10 game or higher easily.
game-hours: 406.9
review: Dont trust Gandhi's innocent face, he will shove a nuke down your throat.
game-hours: 174.7
review: One of the best turn based strategy games ever created!
game-hours: 85.9
review: Just one more turn. That's the phrase the has been uttered by almost everyone who has ever played a Civ game. This game is no exception. The music is tailored to the civilization you play, the graphics are beautiful, the strategy is intense. You will find yourself plotting your next victory, whether it is through military force, economic maneuvering, or scientific research. Different ways to win or lose, so position your forces and click next turn.
game-hours: 58.0
review: This game is fantastic! Wether you are playing with or against friends or just playing by yourself, it makes you have a sense of accomplishment through completing the smallest of tasks. This game also does not have a campaign, wich reallly makes the player concintrate on having fun instead of "beating" the game. Also when playing with friends, it does not create teams. You decide if you want to win the control of civilizations through war or diplomacy. The player decides who he wants to befriend or declare war with. I have a fealing that this will eventually ruin a few friendships.
game-hours: 21.4
review: I really love playing this game of the amount of strategy involved. Do build up your army or your towns? What do you research to put your civilization ahead of the others? Do you march into war or be a diplomat? Do you make allies or isolate yourself? Whatever you choose will determine if you win or loose the game. If you don't have a lot of time I would suggest playing against bots as you can pause the game. Multiplier games take a lot of time but are fun if you can afford the time. So go ahead and spend your money on this game!
game-hours: 441.8
review: Civ 5 standalone was a 4/5, and I honestly preferred Civ 4 to it. Civ 5 with the Gods and Kings expansion was a 5/5, and took the game past the threshold. Civ 5 with the Brave New World expansion? 999/5. Why don't you own this yet?
game-hours: 308.4
review: This game destroyes my social life almost as fast as Ghandi destroyes my cities with nukes. That nig. 69/8 GOTY Sid Meier is love, Sid Meier is life.
game-hours: 249.2
review: Gandhi world domination simulator. Get the complete pack when its on sale and enjoy endless hours of single player and online with friends.
game-hours: 180.8
review: PLAY THIS GAME ITS REALLY FUN AND ADDICTING. AT 1ST YOUR LIKE ILL JUST PLAY FOR 30 MINUTES, BUT THEN ITS 3 AM.
game-hours: 133.9
review: YES I RECOMEND THIS GAME
game-hours: 75.0
review: I waste a lot of time on this game. 10/10
game-hours: 839.0
review: It's sooo FUN! Try it out and you won't be disappointed.
game-hours: 302.2
review: The best strategy game I know. The depth of gameplay and plethora of information the game gives you is topped only by the ability to micro-manage your civilisation. At first the game seems to overroll you with it's complexity but once you get the hang of it you wouldn't want anything less! A game you will be still playing ten years from now!
game-hours: 860.5
review: I enjoyed doing what all poweful civilizations did: Conquer lesser peoples and everyone else. 10/10
game-hours: 158.4
review: -Gandhi
game-hours: 617.5
review: For those of you who are thinking of buying this game, do so. Here's an play-by-play example of my most recent game I've played: Modded the  out the game. Play as GLaDOS. Mind my own business, focus on only science and barbarians, no exploring. Found the celts. The celts then settled in "the perfect spot". Immediately declare war. Take their 2 cities. Found the New Lunar Republic. Still making science. Make new city. Found Alexander the Great. Still making only science. Founded the religion of Cake-ism. Alexander's being a . Start preparing for war. Have troops on border about to ask Luna for help. Luna yells at me to move. Immediately declare war. Launch Blitzkrieg on Luna. Take her 4 cities. F*ck Yeah. Prepare for war with alexander. Overwhelm alexander with catapults vs. shortbows. Finish him off. Start finding other civs. They're ignorant to my murders. Focusing on science. "Unhappiness is doubled. In exchange, science is also doubled." Backstab london, attack siam. Make Cake-ism the world religion. At this point, I'm an era and a half ahead of everyone else. Backstab persia's last city. Siam is raising coups in my allies. Toke 12 cities. Siam now at peace with two cities. Immediately declare war on The Principality of Equestria. Because why the heck not. Resurect Genghis Khan, use superior naval fleet against Celestia. Because science. Take an entire continent except for two american Allied cities. Make peace with Celestia. Immediately back stab and conquer what's left of germany, america, and gengis khan. Drop nuclear missiles on Siam cities. Finish him off. Theodora has reached the renaissance era. Stockpile nukes. Use superior delegates to rule the world congress. Bomb the  out of remaining armies and let Giant Death Robots finish off the rest. 10/10 would let Theodora reach the renaissance era again.
game-hours: 182.4
review: More addictive than cocaine!
game-hours: 15.0
review: The Pyramids in Moskow. If that isn't enough to make you want to play, I'm afraid your life is quite sad.
game-hours: 222.5
review: Amazing game with tons and tons of fresh and entertaining content. Though the game is heavly, heavly improved by dlc. If your low on many Brave New World is the for your interest. With an active modding community and so much content for such a small price during steam sales, it's a great experience! Vanilla Civ 5: 7 out of 10 Civ 5 with dlc: 9.5 out of 10 :{A MUST HAVE FOR STRADEGY GAME FANS}:
game-hours: 27.0
review: Fun game, but my friends are  and never stick with a game. 0/10
game-hours: 88.0
review: I haven't showered in a month because of this game. Turned steam offline to avoid annoying conversations. Only slept 4 hours a night. Got a full caveman neckbeard. Got 32D-Cup man . Only ate Doritos and Mountain Dew for six months. Wore a fedora to protect my hair from too many oils. Called all female AI's m'lady to prevent wars. Watched anime with English subtitles between turns to understand the Japanese Civ better. Lost all friends, fitness and family. 10/10 recommended.
game-hours: 127.2
review: Great game and very easy to lose track of time while playing. Started playing a game at 4 PM and ended up not stopping until 3 AM, causing me to fail a test and then having to stay after school. 10/10 would recommend.
game-hours: 4.9
review: The only other Civilisation I have played was back in the DOS days... You know, "Civilisation" or civ.exe. This is game is exactly as I remember it from back then. Even the controls seems to be the same "F" fortify, "space" skip turn, etc... I'm ecstatic. My wife much less, though I haven't seen her much since I started playing...
game-hours: 268.5
review: Awesome Game
game-hours: 167.6
review: If you can play a game where you can play as the Cherokee and conquer Great Britain out of context of history, you play the game
game-hours: 408.2
review: Love it! This detailed turn by turn strategy game is hours upon hours of fun!
game-hours: 357.5
review: Great game for anyone who likes strategy. Pretty addicting too. Overall, great game.
game-hours: 271.2
review: poop
game-hours: 103.0
review: One of the better city building stratagy games out there, and there are quite a few. This game is great for anyone that is a fan of stratagy.
game-hours: 145.8
review: Good game tho
game-hours: 52.6
review: Dis gam suq.
game-hours: 974.3
review: maybe i think its dear for dlc but realy fun :)
game-hours: 262.3
review: Its an amazing game its just so fun to play as one of the nations that exsited in the worlds history and play it over in your own way. It is well improved from Civilization IV in a lot of ways. I defenetly recommand this game.
game-hours: 135.0
review: Just... One... More... Turn... This game is amazing but if played multiplayer you will learn which of your friends are warmongering ninnybunnies.
game-hours: 142.0
review: epic
game-hours: 206.1
review: very good fun teaches stratagey to adults and kids
game-hours: 67.5
review: 10/10 Play Babylon Rush Great Library Win
game-hours: 551.1
review: super addicting
game-hours: 120.0
review: Ruined my life, 5 stars
game-hours: 45.9
review: good game 10/10 ghandiswaglord69
game-hours: 201.4
review: This game is fantastic
game-hours: 17.6
review: Great game. I'll say more, just let me capture the Persian capital...
game-hours: 321.4
review: A very nice TBS game, with great graphics and addicting gameplay. Altough it misses some strong points from Civ IV, you really need to buy it if you like Civ. With upcoming DLC, updates and mods, you'll never get bored!
game-hours: 74.6
review: Great game
game-hours: 468.4
review: Simply a perfect game. Buy the game, play it and be happy!
game-hours: 6.5
review: Very addictive and a different game everytime you restart.
game-hours: 19.7
review: My nuclear powered robot was killed by rifleman. Apparently it was Chuck Norris.
game-hours: 58.1
review: Truely amazing game, at its base it can be a little dule but with all of the expansions its a lovely game.
game-hours: 260.4
review: Awesome splooged in my pants
game-hours: 38.4
review: This game is pretty fun. The interface takes a bit to get used to. The game is incredibly addictive though. The perpetual cycles make it hard to walk away from and therefore I ended up playing through an entire civ often, much to the detriment of my work :)
game-hours: 397.7
review: Civivilization 5 continues to improve upon this amazing franchise in small and wonderful ways. The addition of the policy trees is one of my favorite because it allows more control over the way your empire grows and gives your civ more personality than it could have in previous games. Diplomacy, combat and the tech trees have all seen improvements as well as a significant upgrade in graphics quality. The two large expansions for this game, Gods & Kings and Brave New World also add a huge amounts of complexity and depth to the game that was lacking in the former titles.
game-hours: 243.3
review: Awesome game! I play it way to much!
game-hours: 234.1
review: It's awesome if you get it message me and I will play with you!!!
game-hours: 687.4
review: Started from the bottom now i'm here.. get the  away from me you mothering queer. Actually the game is quite fun and it's a lot of fun to start from nothing and then take over other civilizations only to be denounced and called a liar and a betrayer, but all is worth when you win the game.
game-hours: 38.2
review: Incredibly Addicting. I was never really into strategy games, but this one completely changed my mind.
game-hours: 83.1
review: Great game, has loads of different strategies and personalities to make for a different game each play time
game-hours: 901.3
review: One decision after another, one turn to something exciting. You can't stop until you win, or you rage quit.
game-hours: 56.0
review: Epicness...just epicness
game-hours: 39.3
review: You already know its great.
game-hours: 120.0
review: Have you ever played any turn-based strategy games? This is the best one since I became a gamer. From the idiom "Rome wasn't built in a day", It's not true after you play CIV5. Build Rome or other civilizations in 1 day (but I always spend 2 days in each games.), Conquer the world with nuke or "Gigantic Dead Robot" and Stealth bomber, Discover the ancient sites and collect artifacts, Meet the world greatest people such as L.Da Vin Ci, Sir Isaac Newton, Ludwig van Beethoven and many!!! Gather all wonders of the world and natural wonders in your cities. Don't miss this and you will shout the sentence - Give me back my time!!!! - out after playing this greatest turn-based strategy games ever!
game-hours: 41.4
review: This game will eat many, many hours of your time if you let it. It's easily one of the best turn based strategy games ever produced! I never played a Civilization game before, but this made me regret that. At first the hexagonal type of gameplay feels a bit strange, but quickly you understand that is a very good system. The game has many known world leaders (more if you buy the DLC's) you can play with, each with it's own perks. The graphics are very good, even when you close in on the units and building, the quality remains there. About the sound i can tell you that it's very realistic for a strategy game. I didn't like the soundtrack much, doesn't feel right in the game, but it could be just me. In my opinion it should have more cinematics, maybe when you were entering war, or signing a peace treaty for example. I just love the way the game goes... you can win by different ways (war, science, culture) choose your enemies and allies, get betrayed, the evolution of times and consequent technologies, the experience earned by units and many many features i haven't even found about. Just be careful if you're going to buy the game, you may turn anti social! 9.5/10
game-hours: 1956.8
review: Over 1200 hours into it (although most of it is from me falling asleep) so I can firmly say that this game is pretty awesome. Great game to play if you're chilling out or coming and going to your pc. After you've played it way too much you can play it even more with mods lol
game-hours: 252.1
review: Sometimes I start playing this game and realise I'm late for class... the next day.
game-hours: 93.1
review: I bought this game because it was cheap, and I had heard some good things about the series. I expected to, you know, built some farm and then get bored watching my people do their thing, and then get raided by some much more adept nation. Instead, I liked it very much! It's a simple yet surprisingly elegant system, and with the expansions it gains much more depth. It's like the Mariana Trench of game-play choices. My first victory was a Domination victory, and it tasted like iron and blood. Then I tried a different tactic, and won the Science victory. I thought to myself: "Hey, why aren't you trying to win the game with every single tile your domain?" and why the hell not? You can do it. Sure, you win the game much sooner than that, but you can't win yourself before you've conquered it all. I started dreaming about the game. Endless nights of hexagonal shapes and researching how to wake up, always being just a turn away from it. In one nightmare I tried sending my navy to destroy my physical body, because it was only slowing me down. Really, who needs a body anyway? I soon realized my navy won't be enough, and started nuking myself. Just bombing the  out of me. I woke up screaming, realizing I needed to uninstall this game. But I couldn't. The game whispered into my ear secrets, eldtrich tales and rites. I tried the Deity difficulty setting, but found myself not worthy. After all, I've only had the game for a few days, I have next to no experience on RTS worship. So I'm graveling, my lord Civ 5. I'm on my knees. Let me spread the word. Let me! I! I!
game-hours: 294.5
review: This game is awesome. You can build your civilization from the ground up, going from flint axes, to chariot archers, all the way to nukes. But it's not all fun-and-nukes. Rival civilizations can attempt to steal your tech, declare war, or, even worse; build a city RIGHT THERE. I'm looking at you, AUSTRIA!
game-hours: 39.1
review: Really fun and time comsuming
game-hours: 182.0
review: This game has destroyed my life. Buy it and all the DLC. It's freaking awesome.
game-hours: 92.5
review: Civilization V is a fantastic example of a turn-based strategy game, In this game you get to play as one of a large selection of Civilizations and take them to greatness or death, they are in your command. This game has streamlined UI, great AI and amazing replayability. If you like turn-based strategy games or games that you run countries then buy this game!
game-hours: 233.0
review: Awesome game
game-hours: 538.6
review: I Love this game by far the best game you can get for wartime fun. The strategy that goes into building your Empire up and making everyone happy and fat with food. after you build it up i normaly shot for a Fight to death to see who wins and it's Epic the way you feel after Beating the  out of your Bff in Multi player.
game-hours: 110.7
review: 95 out of 100 I definatly like the turn based play because it gives a refreshing change from the real time stratagy games I usually play. It can be a little repetetive playing against the computer though so try playing it with others for variety.
game-hours: 19.2
review: This game is very entertaining, and i recomend it to anyone. I dont like turn based games, but this game is so well done and so entertaining that i never even notice that i have to wait for turns. The npc's move so fast, its almost like you never stop being in control. There are so many unique strategies to follow and the outcome of any two games are never alike. This is a spectacular game, and if i were you, i would seriously consider getting it.
game-hours: 842.9
review: One of my favorite games ever. Civ V features such great variety that you can play for 600 hours (like I have) and it still feels fresh. The game is well rounded and each of the victory options is obtainable in an enjoyable fashion. Each Civ for the most part feels different, and most are tailored to a specific victory type. The AI is strong and on higher difficulties very capable of beating you, however its through boosts not skill.
game-hours: 43.6
review: One of the best turn based strategy games I have ever played, each game will be different and unique to its map and A.I. personalities.
game-hours: 955.3
review: IT IS EPIC
game-hours: 655.3
review: You can kill 'em with kindness, culture or just kill 'em. It's all good.
game-hours: 103.1
review: Best by far strategy game ever created, and Best Civilization game. Civilization IV is nothing compared to Civilization V On average a game takes about 24 hours to complete on average time setting. There are 8 difficulty levels, 1: settler - 8: Diety WARNING: Diety is only for the most harcore gamers. Tons of achievments, around 280 in total. Steam trading cards are avaliable for this game. Got nuked by ghandi Even though it was made in 2010 dont let that discourage you from buying it. Quality game. Create friendships with other Civiliztions or go to war with them. Remember there are several ways to win. Domination Victory, Cultural Victory, Science Victory (Space Race) Domination Victory is the easiest way. Can you build a civilization that can stand the test of time? 10/10
game-hours: 42.7
review: "Yeah Ill play one game"......2Hours later 11/10 Great game
game-hours: 213.7
review: This is a very good game as it is a time consuming one but well worth the money has an amazing amount of replay value.
game-hours: 178.2
review: Probably one of the best games i've played, the only bad things i can think of is the repetetiveness of a domination victory where most of the time your army is far superior to all others and you spend alot of the game shifting dozens of units around one by one. 4.5/5
game-hours: 165.3
review: Best strategy turn based game till this point of 2014.
game-hours: 362.5
review: so freakin buene
game-hours: 18.0
review: looks really boring but its really fun
game-hours: 168.6
review: If you like managing empires, nuking George Washington, and spending 6 hours playing a game you meant to play 40 minutes with, then there ya go.
game-hours: 88.2
review: Make sure you have a clock you can see while playing so you don't accidentally miss out on the rest of your life.
game-hours: 124.9
review: Great and addictive
game-hours: 45.6
review: One of the most entertaining games I've played in a while.
game-hours: 35.8
review: If you go to war with Ghandi, the nukes will fly.
game-hours: 473.4
review: Sweet game, definatly worth the money.
game-hours: 127.8
review: Brilliant, as always from Sid!
game-hours: 91.9
review: Worse than drugs. Do not play if you value real life.
game-hours: 38.9
review: One word: Awesome. Even though it is very fun, it can be quite daunting when you firs turn it on, I really reccomend playing the tutorials, or going on youtube and finding a good tutorial for begginers. Once you get the hang of it it becomes very addictive to build new cities or try to research your next weapon to 1 up your enemies. Also, to me it seems the game has plenty of replay value, while my play time compared to others is small, I still haven't gotten bored. Keep in mind this isn't fan bias, I haven't played a single Civilization game until now, better yet, a strategy game! Although there are some downfalls, the AI can be REALLY annoying to deal with. In example, you can have their entire capital surround with superior military units , (Tanks, artillery, etc) and they will say something along the lines of "are you ready to surrender yet?" even on the lower difficulties! Another thing is, a country you have good relations with will not want to declare war on someone even if the country you want to declare war on has captured one of their cities! Finally, I have experienced some annoying glitches. For instance, an enemy city would get stuck in and infinite attack loop when attacking one of my units, and eventually the game decided the way to end the glitch was to kill my units when clearly the could have survived the attack! Also, when I built the great wall, it simply dissapeared! Overall, the game is a great experience, if you like strategy games try this, and if you don't still, give it a try! (Quick tip! If you are on WIndows 8 don't select windows 8 & touchscreen mode when I launch the game, it caused constant crashes for me, instead chose direct x 10 & 11 mode!)
game-hours: 104.7
review: Are you inteligent? No? ---------- Don't buy this game. l Yes? l l l Do you have a lot of time? No? ---------- Don't buy this game. l Yes? l l l Buy this game.
game-hours: 275.0
review: One of my favorite games of all time. Seriously...just buy all of the DLC because you will want it anyway.
game-hours: 236.1
review: is rly good
game-hours: 165.2
review: This game gives me a massive history boner.
game-hours: 98.0
review: This game started off great, and with the exapnsions and DLC it has only gotten better. It requires a good chunk of time to get the full experience, so if you plan on doing a playthrough in one sit down, expect o be up until the wee hours of the next morning. This games has taken everything about strategy games, thrown it together, and amplified it. I love the way the game is and i cant wait to see how it grows. If you like strategy or are interested in testing the waters of the stratedy genre, jump right into this game.
game-hours: 135.3
review: Really great game lots of different things to do so it never gets boring, play through the whole demo before rating the game.
game-hours: 78.6
review: I was in a war against Ceasar and Gandhi and defeated them with a tank... 20/10
game-hours: 292.2
review: Washington founded Buddhism and completed the Kremlin. 10/10
game-hours: 40.3
review: its gud
game-hours: 308.3
review: Civilization V is a very unique stradegy game that managed to capture me even though I do not play many stradegy games. That says alot in itself. I would rate this entire series as the best of all time for its genre, and likely the best in our lifetime. I am excitied for the release of future Civilization titles. 10/10
game-hours: 108.4
review: Love this game would recommend it, missed the first time expansions went on sale but got it the 2nd time arround
game-hours: 59.7
review: This game is great to play with friends and is very addictive.
game-hours: 14.6
review: This game is a great statergy game. It is hard to pick up, it will take practice but once you know how to play you'll be able to play. I highly recommend this game
game-hours: 166.4
review: terve
game-hours: 159.1
review: Buy this , just buy it
game-hours: 145.2
review: Really enjoying this game now that culture has been redone.
game-hours: 106.2
review: This games is really addicting. Warning: This game will consume you'r time!
game-hours: 245.9
review: Great strategy game, but it can get repetitive, so the made expasions, but those are over priced. Go with the mods.
game-hours: 242.1
review: i love this game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 282.3
review: This game is the best i have played in a long time.
game-hours: 138.5
review: es gud deel
game-hours: 747.3
review: to much fun
game-hours: 95.0
review: This game is so good its what i like to call life ruiningly good cause youll spend all your time on this game great game immense worlds and replayablity is endless every game is different
game-hours: 1511.9
review: 1: Be Washington 2: Create religion "Freedom" 3: Spread Freedom across the world!
game-hours: 143.2
review: It's just simply a great game. Buy it.
game-hours: 292.6
review: onomnomnomnomnom
game-hours: 251.0
review: Not historically accurate. Sid Meier won't return my phone calls. Theodora is pretty hot though. Game could use more dinosaurs.
game-hours: 260.6
review: i love this gamem and make sure to buy the extension if you want the game to be a lot more fun
game-hours: 36.3
review: It sucks when you pay 25$ for it, and then the next day its 12$.
game-hours: 39.3
review: I recommend this game for my friend Rey the game is amazining and very strategic 10 Cats out of 10 dogs Would play if intoxicated
game-hours: 256.2
review: Awsome game
game-hours: 158.8
review: I would say "Buy this game" but that would be dumb, then again so is this review, im dumb, buy the game, its fun
game-hours: 48.3
review: Burn them all.
game-hours: 125.4
review: 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 38.5
review: Highly addicting. I downloading on a whim and was actually stuck playing the game. I rarely get stuck playing games but was glued from the beginning.
game-hours: 170.2
review: I don't really like turn based games, but this game is differnent and I love the way there are progression trees for both policies and tech, thus maximizing possibilites for each player in the game. The multiple victory conditions are also good as they variate how people play the game so it is not repetitive and not everyone has the same goals. There are plenty of Civilizations to choose from ranging from England to even civilizations like the Zulu. Unfortunatly I find multiplayer can be a bit poor because the games can last a long time and people like to quit, I find this makes it best to play with your friends as you can save game and continue with them later.
game-hours: 239.4
review: THIS GAME IS ING ADDICTIVE
game-hours: 879.0
review: This game is sweet.
game-hours: 891.7
review: epic
game-hours: 17.9
review: Truly amazing! The first time I played this game I did not stop playing for 6 hours straight and by then it was 2 a.m. I recommend this game to casual and veteran stratagists alike.
game-hours: 46.5
review: This game is great, unless you are playing with someone who is unable to take less than 4 hours on each turn.
game-hours: 63.4
review: Tres Bien. Mucho Fun.
game-hours: 309.2
review: A great turn based strategy game, tons of different civlilizations to play. Good depth and replaybility. Can customize to have games long or short with different maps. Supports multiplayer with frriends but i would recommend getting the brave new world expansion pack, adds trade routes, religion and much more. Overall my favorite strategy game out of all the ones i played. GET IT!
game-hours: 13.3
review: Any multiplayer game lets you stab your friends in the back, but only Civ lets you keep pushing the same knife in deeper for weeks at a time!
game-hours: 520.8
review: MAN, this game was one of the first games i got on steam, and i love it to bits. The best part about it is the historical inaccuracies of it, like discovering the nuke with the Maya and bringing about the actual "end of the world". When you get bored of playing the game conventionally, mods can completely change the feel of the game. For me however, i was playing the vanilla version of civ 5 for 100 hours+ (i have no life), so when i got gods and kings/brave new world, it was like a whole new game to explore! I am still enjoying the game to this day, and i most definately will buy the next Sid Meier's game on the line-up. 69/10 - Swaggy as  !! :P
game-hours: 29.3
review: This game is realy fun
game-hours: 159.6
review: This game damn its good especially if you like strategy games WARNING HIGHLY ADDICTIVE. But if this going to be the first game you ever play you are gonna have a bad time
game-hours: 140.6
review: I can finally end my feud with Gandhi. 10/10
game-hours: 377.8
review: Civ 5 is a game I recommend for many types of people. Strategy lovers, 'Risk'-type game lovers and history buffs alike should enjoy this game without even needing a review! If you're on the edge about getting this game, I encourage you to buy it. It's a very popular game for a very good reason. I do warn, however, that if you enjoy fast FPS-like action, this is not the game for you. The game is all about thinking, and requires remembering certain complicated procedures of the game. There are lots of menus, lots of buttons and options and numbers that measure seemingly nothing, which is a bit intimidating at first but I promise, it gets a hell of a lot easier when you get into the mindset of a leader. As a history buff, I love the game for it's accuracy. It's like a history teacher's dream on steroids. Don't let the potential education value discriminate from the fact that this game is mind-washingly, time-wastingly fun! Be ready to spend hours on this game, I lose many nights myself!
game-hours: 138.4
review: I have put so much time into this game. The Civ series always delivers.
game-hours: 285.5
review: If you're looking for an amazing strategy game to play with friends, this is the way to go :) Takes a few games to get used to, but eventually it can be really fun, especially multiplayer.
game-hours: 932.3
review: Another excellent entry in the Civilization franchise. Switching to a no-stacking model is a big change, but one the game pulls off. Expansions only improve the game; buy all of them.
game-hours: 206.8
review: You can build your own country, Run cities and declare war on other people. Sounds fun, but you've got to manage your economy, culture and other stuff like that. But, You get to nuke people, So, Yes. Buy it.
game-hours: 122.8
review: I have forgotten the sounds of birds and children's laughter. Sunlight is a faint memory. My friends have reported me missing and the neighbours have complained of the smell. 10/10-rebuying for Complete Edition soon.
game-hours: 471.6
review: A must
game-hours: 756.8
review: A great strategy turn based game, and a personal favorite of all time without a rival. I have spent more hours on this game than any other. I recommend Civilization V to anyone who is interested in strategy games. Crafted in an educational beautiful theme, the game can serves as the ultimate chess-like strategy experience of this generation.
game-hours: 246.4
review: nice
game-hours: 347.2
review: You can get nuked by Gandhi 10/10
game-hours: 150.1
review: Wasted my life Blame Khan 10/10
game-hours: 53.0
review: This game.... just wow AMAZING!
game-hours: 96.3
review: Best stratagy game ever! plays really well and great with friends
game-hours: 44.9
review: ITS A ADDICTING AS HELL
game-hours: 56.5
review: This game is endless fun, you can create an empire and be friendly or destroy everyone you see
game-hours: 68.7
review: An ace game, not bad for a fiver
game-hours: 98.5
review: I really enjoy playing this game. There are lots of ways to win with great replay ability.
game-hours: 2261.5
review: This game is the best game I have ever played.
game-hours: 243.6
review: ever since alpha centuri ive been looking for a simalar game that is more updated and can actually play multiplayer. civ 5 comes close but alpha centuri still wins im afraid but dont think that this isnt an awesome game. it is still one of the best games in my inventory
game-hours: 513.1
review: THE best strategy games/series... One of the best games. Will keep you entertained for hundreds of hours. Puts the best of military strategy together with things like cultural and technological strategy and adds diplomacy (a little lacking but game play makes up for it) to create one of, if not the, best games I have ever played. The internal improvements, such as wonders and buildings, and choosing how to shape your civilization towards a certain victory condition even adds to the strategy. Throw in the GOTY edition, along with G&K and BNW and you have a highly developed and emerged strategy game that will give you thousands of hours of entertainment. Each civilization gives you a completely different experience and there are hundreds upon hundreds of combinations you can try. The DLC may get a little pricey, and the AI has some issues, but it is still, by far, one of my favorite games.
game-hours: 35.2
review: this game lets you act out your anger on the chinese by building a mass army and taking over their cities and renaming them stuff like "land of the small weewees" 10/10 GOTY
game-hours: 284.7
review: Great game played over 140 hours, and loving it :D
game-hours: 225.4
review: Best game EVAH!
game-hours: 396.3
review: Great game! 12 + ppl makes it redick
game-hours: 105.4
review: Civilization 5 is like the digital equivalent of marijuana and sugar mixed together... You just have to pass one more turn, you say it will be your last. Only now it's 3 am in the morning and you're starting to bump your head on the keyboard as you try to fight the sleep.... just one more turn. But seriously, Civ 5 is one of the most fun games that I have had the pleasure to waste hours and hours on it. I would highly recommend it to EVERYONE, weather this is the first game they have ever played or if they are the most veteran of hardcore gamers. The only people that I would not recommend it to are those who can not expend any more than a few hours or just really don't like turn based strategy games for whatever reason. Otherwise it's simply one of those games that nearly everyone has at least tried or heard of, like Skyrim, Minecraft, or the CoD franchise. Now, if you have no idea what Civ 5 is actually about, then don't worry because I have got you covered here. Civilization 5 is a essentially a turn based 4X (explore, expand, exploit, and exterminate) game. You always play on a map of your choosing, which can be can have randomized or very customizable settings. Then you choose what civiliztion you want to play as, with each having special bonuses or attributes. Starting with just two units, a settler and a warrior, the player founds a city which will be their starting point and expands from there. You must reseach new technologies, expand your deplomacy, and build armies to defend yourself or attack other civilizations with. There are can be several ways to win a match (which can be also be customized), usually either through researching ahead of the other civilizations, uniting the civilizaions through deplomacy, or conquering other nations. Now don't get me wrong, Civ 5 isn't perfect and there are a few things here and there that will invoke some frustration. In particular, the AI (or other non-player civilizations) is very lacking. There is little to no tactices in how it wages war, unless you count clustering random units at you in random formations. It's deplomacy is extremely predictable and nearly not worth caring for: if they have more troops than you or you are so much as slightly ahead of them in research, they will inexplicably wage war with you... This happens ALL the time. Nearly no civilization is willing to find a diplomatic solution and they focus on bringing down other civilations before brinning up there own. Now don't get me wrong, the AI isn't broken, it is merely serviceable. So if you don't mind, then you won't get too frustrated. Other than this, there are only a very few minor complaints that aren't too big a deal. Sometimes you can get screwed if you don't precure a certain amount of specific resources like happiness, gold, or reseach. You might start somwhere that won't allow the player to really expand and the other civilizations could eventually snowball you... Or over time, the player could snowball the other civilizations easily if they get those resources (and then the game becomes too easy). But most of the time the game is fairly balanced and very much worth playing. Again, I would recommend this to almost anybody and everybody. Now if you don't mind, I need finish conquering France with my giant death robots.
game-hours: 102.7
review: Very nice game I am not good at it but I enjoyed it a lot buy it you won't hate it you will love it.
game-hours: 89.0
review: i thought i would play for an hour, then got off 2 days later...worth it
game-hours: 278.4
review: Really fun to play
game-hours: 67.9
review: "This game is the most stratigic game ever, i give it 10/10 the diplomacy, screens where you talk to other civilizations and you get to interact with theam is flawless and beautiful and dont get me started on the battles, The battles are a bit hard for starters you cant march to theam and win you need lots of troops to surround the city and shoot and bombard theam cause this game is like chess, almost you get to attack and move every 1 turn once u move all your armys, and farmers,. There are many factions to play but i recommen buying brave new world next after this for more factions where talking $60 dollors all togather. So i say if you love stratigic battles and bored games of non stop enjoyment then this game is 100% for you"
game-hours: 69.0
review: ill write this review... 1 sec... just 1 more turn...
game-hours: 90.1
review: You should buy it
game-hours: 788.0
review: The best turn based strategy game
game-hours: 55.9
review: very fun game but i would buy the bundle with all the DLC's because its the best deal and you may not be able to play with everybody.
game-hours: 202.8
review: really cool game
game-hours: 474.5
review: Awwwwww Yeeeaaaah
game-hours: 33.5
review: Don't like what some countries have done in the past? Wish some countries died off long ago? Civilization V allows you to play from one of over a dozen civilizations and leaders, ranging from the democratic Geroge Washington to the war hungry Genghis Kahn from as early as 5000 BC. Customize the game as you wish, setting options for random starts, map sizes, victory conditions. Play the game however you wish, whether you wish to rule with an iron fist and dominate all others, build the United Nations and bring everyone together in peaceful coexistance, or sit on the sidelines and either race for the most advanced technology or develop the culture of your civilization. Don't be discouraged from trying to do something, even a militaristic civilization can bring force peace, and a peaceful civilization can bring about destruction. *As a side recommendation: Several mods are avaliable to enhance gameplay, ranging from new civs. to new worlds, to a game editor so you feel like a god. Be warned however, many of the best or most popular mods require the expansion packs.
game-hours: 527.1
review: Great game, great replay value. I loved it and still play it often
game-hours: 32.7
review: this game is awsome great fun with friends
game-hours: 623.6
review: 300+ hours played, nuff said. gold edition $20 at EB games yarse (:
game-hours: 280.5
review: One of the best editions of Civilization ever!
game-hours: 3119.6
review: Amazing strategy game
game-hours: 39.4
review: Stop. Seriously. Stop. Think about how much time you've got to play. If you have less than six hours, play something that isn't this game. For your own sake.
game-hours: 33.9
review: Civilization 5 is awesome! From becoming the greatest empire of all time too becoming the greatest military force ever known, Cilivilization will keep you entertain hours on end.
game-hours: 66.2
review: Amazing, territorial expansion is slower than civ 4 but it is still great.
game-hours: 27.2
review: I purchased this game recently because a friend reccomended it to me. I can definately see why he told me to get it! I really enjoy the game and I plan to buy the DLC in the future. While the game takes awhile to complete, it is still very fun to play!
game-hours: 510.0
review: I cannot recommend this game enough. No other game allows you to feel as powerful or amazing as this game. I'd recommend not having a job or anything though, it sucks time into it like a black hole.
game-hours: 307.4
review: This is my favorite Civilization yet. It's beautiful, fluid, and still retains the "just one more turn" addictiveness the series is known for. The music is outstanding as well, with themes written for each country that shift and change as you progress through the game. The new tactical warfare really makes a difference too; gone are the stacks of doom from previous games. It's a meat and potatoes tactical addition that really sets this iteration apart from previous games IMO. It's a must-own for fans of the series or turn-based strategy in general.
game-hours: 231.7
review: 10/10 would refer a friend
game-hours: 304.5
review: This game ate up so much of my time it's not even funny. If you're looking for a strategic game to play solo or with friends get this. The civilizations are great and the technology unlocks are just awesome. The biggest feature that brings me back to this game is the fact that each time you start a new civilization you know the gameplay and the way you complete the game is going to be very different to the last game you played. Extremely recommended!
game-hours: 72.0
review: Multiplayer with friends: Slow Sim 2014 with fun small talk and great moments. 10/10 Single Player: Nuke gandi 10/10
game-hours: 283.2
review: Good Game Nice Replayabilty and nice Military Dictatorships =D
game-hours: 39.5
review: One of my favourite ways to waste my day
game-hours: 35.2
review: The Flagship Turn-Based Strategy Game Returns Become Ruler of the World by establishing and leading a civilization from the dawn of man into the space age: Wage war, conduct diplomacy, discover new technologies, go head-to-head with some of historys greatest leaders and build the most powerful empire the world has ever known.
game-hours: 37.1
review: really nice game, and the game mechanics are interesting
game-hours: 153.5
review: Great... When on 75% off
game-hours: 45.7
review: This game is really awesome! Time flies like crazy with it :D
game-hours: 208.7
review: Literally great
game-hours: 93.8
review: Now this is a game to play with friends and ruin your friendship with them.
game-hours: 362.5
review: so freakin buene
game-hours: 18.0
review: looks really boring but its really fun
game-hours: 168.6
review: If you like managing empires, nuking George Washington, and spending 6 hours playing a game you meant to play 40 minutes with, then there ya go.
game-hours: 88.2
review: Make sure you have a clock you can see while playing so you don't accidentally miss out on the rest of your life.
game-hours: 124.9
review: Great and addictive
game-hours: 45.6
review: One of the most entertaining games I've played in a while.
game-hours: 35.8
review: If you go to war with Ghandi, the nukes will fly.
game-hours: 473.4
review: Sweet game, definatly worth the money.
game-hours: 127.8
review: Brilliant, as always from Sid!
game-hours: 91.9
review: Worse than drugs. Do not play if you value real life.
game-hours: 38.9
review: One word: Awesome. Even though it is very fun, it can be quite daunting when you firs turn it on, I really reccomend playing the tutorials, or going on youtube and finding a good tutorial for begginers. Once you get the hang of it it becomes very addictive to build new cities or try to research your next weapon to 1 up your enemies. Also, to me it seems the game has plenty of replay value, while my play time compared to others is small, I still haven't gotten bored. Keep in mind this isn't fan bias, I haven't played a single Civilization game until now, better yet, a strategy game! Although there are some downfalls, the AI can be REALLY annoying to deal with. In example, you can have their entire capital surround with superior military units , (Tanks, artillery, etc) and they will say something along the lines of "are you ready to surrender yet?" even on the lower difficulties! Another thing is, a country you have good relations with will not want to declare war on someone even if the country you want to declare war on has captured one of their cities! Finally, I have experienced some annoying glitches. For instance, an enemy city would get stuck in and infinite attack loop when attacking one of my units, and eventually the game decided the way to end the glitch was to kill my units when clearly the could have survived the attack! Also, when I built the great wall, it simply dissapeared! Overall, the game is a great experience, if you like strategy games try this, and if you don't still, give it a try! (Quick tip! If you are on WIndows 8 don't select windows 8 & touchscreen mode when I launch the game, it caused constant crashes for me, instead chose direct x 10 & 11 mode!)
game-hours: 104.7
review: Are you inteligent? No? ---------- Don't buy this game. l Yes? l l l Do you have a lot of time? No? ---------- Don't buy this game. l Yes? l l l Buy this game.
game-hours: 275.0
review: One of my favorite games of all time. Seriously...just buy all of the DLC because you will want it anyway.
game-hours: 236.1
review: is rly good
game-hours: 165.2
review: This game gives me a massive history boner.
game-hours: 98.0
review: This game started off great, and with the exapnsions and DLC it has only gotten better. It requires a good chunk of time to get the full experience, so if you plan on doing a playthrough in one sit down, expect o be up until the wee hours of the next morning. This games has taken everything about strategy games, thrown it together, and amplified it. I love the way the game is and i cant wait to see how it grows. If you like strategy or are interested in testing the waters of the stratedy genre, jump right into this game.
game-hours: 81.6
review: THIS GAME. I SPENT 5 HOURS DOING  WITH CHINA, GAME WAS NICE, ING CRASHED. DIDN'T SAVE AND IT DOESNT ING AUTOSAVE, WHAT KIND OF A  GAME DOESN'T AUTOSAVE YOU CUNTING CIVILIZATION . GAME IS GOOD BUT IM ING CUNTED OFF SO MUCH THAT I WANT TO ING END IT ALL.  CIV,  MY ,  CHINA, ING . GOOD GAME, WOULD RECOMMEND APART FROM THAT I WILL NEVER PLAY IT AGAIN. CUNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNTTTTTTTTTTT
game-hours: 50.7
review: Air bombed war elephants and nuked Persia when they hadn't invented electricity 10/10
game-hours: 48.1
review: takes forever but is fun only get if you like strategy games
game-hours: 227.4
review: The greatest game ever!
game-hours: 1170.5
review: this game is amazing!
game-hours: 82.0
review: I have played this way way way way way way way way too much. But I don't regret a minute of it.
game-hours: 37.5
review: this game is great. Love it!!!
game-hours: 179.5
review: Do not get this game if you have a short attention span, this is a strategy game that requires a lot of thinking, planning and time.
game-hours: 515.8
review: The game feels finished, and plays well. It's an improvement over civ 4 in every way, save mutliplayer, which is awful, lacking mod support, animated leader heads, etc. Fleshed out multiplayer would be much appreciated.
game-hours: 49.1
review: this is one of the better simulator games out there, accurately representing the hundreds of years it takes to build a dirt road ten kilometres long
game-hours: 214.9
review: Civ V is the best in the series so far. Definitely one of my favorite games of all time!
game-hours: 210.1
review: Best. Game. Ever.
game-hours: 660.8
review: Very good game.
game-hours: 163.7
review: its goood if u like to kill everyone in the worldddddz!
game-hours: 270.2
review: Ghandi got to the atomic age and turned my country into fallout 10/10
game-hours: 358.7
review: The best game, ever.
game-hours: 11.9
review: Cannot wait to sink my teeth into this!
game-hours: 205.3
review: The gold standard of City Building RTS. This game is visually beautiful and everytime I play it I discover a new strategy to give myself and edge. Combined with multiple ways to win it gives you endless replayability.
game-hours: 19.9
review: Got nuked by scumbag Ghandi whilst creating Giant Death Robots...... 10/10!
game-hours: 26.0
review: amazing
game-hours: 31.7
review: for uganda
game-hours: 12.5
review: I was only going to play on it for 30 mins but that turned into 10 hrs! Watch out for Alexander hes really annoying!
game-hours: 112.6
review: Great strategy, deep and fun, but easy to pick up
game-hours: 102.4
review: i really like and had lots of fundom
game-hours: 95.5
review: It's going to sap your time like no other. <3
game-hours: 204.4
review: This game is the ultimate time vacuum, you will get stuck in the endless "just one more turn".
game-hours: 237.9
review: There is no reason not to get this game.
game-hours: 34.8
review: This game has made me hate life, HOW ON EARTH CAN THE FRENCH EMPIRE SURVIVE 5 NUKES AND NOT RAISE THE WHITE FLAG? 10/10 REALISM
game-hours: 25.1
review: Definitely will spend your life on this.
game-hours: 197.5
review: 3 words - BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 104.4
review: 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 27.4
review: Friend gained one useless piece of land in the middle of my territory, Nuked his country 700 years later. 10/10
game-hours: 751.9
review: This has better battle parameters, diplomacy and character personalities.
game-hours: 23.7
review: Really cool strategic game!
game-hours: 16.7
review: Addicting, you'll keep saying one more turn then next thing you know the games over and your starting another one.
game-hours: 406.8
review: Ever get tired of being an average Joe? When you're playing this game you're a god-king-general, you have the option of creating ever lasting world peace...or a scorched earth.
game-hours: 1065.3
review: From the beginning, there were several things missing to make Civilization 4 the more superior game, with all of the added expansions and DLC, coming from someone who has wasted thousands of hours on the Civilization series...I much prefer Civilization 5 to the others now. This is the closest it's going to get to managing an empire, forging a large group of people the way you want and almost everything about them. There is a large learning curve but I assure you, if you get past the initial bump you will amass countless and countless amount of hours as I have in to this beautiful game. I reccomend this to any one even remotely interested in strategy games, or games of the slower nature. I do not recomend this to anyone who is impatient by nature.
game-hours: 451.0
review: Best game evaaaar
game-hours: 173.5
review: I dub thee "Time Eater"
game-hours: 216.9
review: I have only had this game for a few weeks and cant get enough of it. ONE MORE TURN
game-hours: 178.9
review: This game is the best time sink I've ever stumbled upon
game-hours: 139.7
review: I didn't think I had time for another Civ game, but then I just stopped sleeping. Or socializing. Problem solved.
game-hours: 1606.9
review: Civ V was my first turn-based strategy game, and my first Civilization series game, and on both counts, I couldn't be happier. The strategy is compelling and detailed, with many options and playstyles available. The variety of bonuses and unique units available to each civilization allows for a great deal of replay value, and randomized elements in the maps and AIs contribute to a fresh start with every game. There are some downsides, however. Although one of the biggest draws to Civ V is the complex and highly variable strategy options, the AI programming leaves much to be desired, as an AI simply cannot account for the many different levels of strategy needed to achieve victory. As such, the difficulty settings feel somewhat lackluster, as they simply give the AI greater and greater early advantages, leading to a very different gameplay at high levels compared to a truly "even playing field". Combat, like with many games, is clunky and time-consuming, and although there are elements of strategy and maneuvering, it can be boiled down into essentially a numbers game of tech and manpower, rather than true strategic prowess. Multiplayer is also less than ideal, particularly in a mixed human/AI environment, as AI features are severely nerfed or nonexistent. In terms of fluff, I find the pseudo-historical theme to be a huge benefit, as I'm just enough of a history/linguistics/geography nerd to find it interesting, but not condescending or painfully inaccurate. (The "alternate history" line allows for a lot of freedom, when of course the game will not reflect a real-life history.) Ultimately, though, I've sunk many, many hours into this game and I can see myself continuing to play well into the future. Especially considering the price is quite reasonable for comparable game quality and style, I would recommend this game to anyone who likes strategy, history, or just having a good time. I particularly recommend it as a solo game - for those of us who don't care for online multiplayer, Civ V is by far the most rewarding single-player Steam title I've come across.
game-hours: 120.7
review: Civilizations 5 is an amazing game! I would reccomend this game to everyone, it might be hard to start of with but once you know what your doing you will have a lot of fun. Its also got multiplayer so you can play with friends. I've got 67 hours on record of this game and still haven't got bored of playing it.
game-hours: 375.3
review: Each game can take upwards of 6 to 8 hours but you WILL remember your empire days, weeks, even months after you finished the match.
game-hours: 298.0
review: I bought this game recently and already sunk nearly 200 hours into it.. Amazingly well structured sim.
game-hours: 54.4
review: Love playing the ruler over people, then grab Civilization V. Continues to be a great series of games!
game-hours: 137.0
review: I was gonna go to work, but then I played Civ 5 10/10
game-hours: 243.2
review: solid game with approachable curve, but needs DLC to achieve same levels of depth as previous games
game-hours: 87.7
review: Excellent game! kept me and my friends going for hours!
game-hours: 126.9
review: If you like your Social Life, don't get it. 100000000000000000000000000/10 would lose all my friends again
game-hours: 96.7
review: The best game I have ever played. 10/10
game-hours: 75.9
review: y yu no make hotseat multiplayer, still a great game tho.....
game-hours: 26.9
review: Civ V is like most other Civ games but with better graphics and more streamlined features. If you like any of the Civ games you will most certainly enjoy this one.
game-hours: 183.2
review: this is possibly one of the best turn based strategy games ive played. and its reallyt easy to get into so you do not have to play the previous civlization games to play civ 5. its 10/10 from me
game-hours: 103.4
review: Spent and hour and thirty minutes trying to set up a game with 8 other friends, finally clearing the pregame lobby the game crashed for everyone -Awards Awarded- Best time i've spent in a lobby Recognized the true meaning of friendship as we didn't need a game to have fun Single Player is great tho 10/10
game-hours: 231.5
review: Very occupying & entertaining
game-hours: 128.8
review: One of my favourite games, 200% better with DLC. Civ V is totally a game to get
game-hours: 143.8
review: Barbarians razed my farms and massacred my citizens 10/10
game-hours: 135.5
review: Awesome game. The expansions really complete it and make it much better and more complete; I highly recommend getting the expansions.
game-hours: 16.4
review: This game is addictive. Really shallow without G&Kings and GOTY edition, but with those two DLC's it's incredibly complex, educational (I know!) and all in all, fun. Get it on sale as it's a popular sale title. Prepare to lose hours without even realizing it.
game-hours: 420.6
review: Fantastic game. Expansions add moreplay through possibilities.
game-hours: 237.5
review: Civ V is for gamers. Civ 4 is for lamers.
game-hours: 159.2
review: Incredibly addictive and very fun to play.
game-hours: 140.8
review: this  right here a
game-hours: 152.6
review: One word: addicting.
game-hours: 68.2
review: OH GANDHI CONGRATULATIONS ON BUILDING THE MANHATTAN PROJECT I WONDER WH-
game-hours: 46.8
review: I have never played any games in this series but honestly, I think this is my favorite strategy games. you take contol of you own civilization and choose if you want to be a militaristic empire or if you want to become allies with all the city states you find. I recommend this game to everyone. I've been hooked ever since I started playing.
game-hours: 282.3
review: This game is suck worth is. Now it is not as much worth it if you don't get the gold edition. Anyway if you like RTS games and don't own this, OWN THIS!
game-hours: 308.4
review: This game destroyes my social life almost as fast as Ghandi destroyes my cities with nukes. That nig. 69/8 GOTY Sid Meier is love, Sid Meier is life.
game-hours: 340.4
review: I'll get those pearls for you, Sidon.
game-hours: 7.6
review: Nothing better then Sid Meier's Civilization
game-hours: 229.1
review: This is a great strategy game, even more so with the expansions. Impressive and well structured, this is a must try for anyone who calls himself a gamer and for anyone... just anyone. Beautiful game, full stop.
game-hours: 583.2
review: I had played this game when it first came out and hated it. Now with the expansions and patches it is honestly the best Civ game I have ever played.
game-hours: 163.5
review: Addictive doesn't begin to describe this game. It is one of the best ways to waste your time. I highly recommend this game to anyone, of course you absolutely need the Brave New Worlds expansion even if you don't buy the Gods and Kings expansion.
game-hours: 152.0
review: Good graphics. Good gameplay. Just what I like.
game-hours: 91.5
review: Just one more turn should be the motto for this game
game-hours: 70.3
review: Najbolja igra ikad, nije vazno koja I, II, III, IV ili V ili Alpha Centaury!
game-hours: 100.2
review: Awesome game that can be played over and over again.
game-hours: 95.9
review: Awesome game.
game-hours: 65.3
review: much good
game-hours: 14.6
review: da pra comer a tia do tila
game-hours: 197.0
review: Countless hours have been lost to this game. Watch out for Gandhi...
game-hours: 90.2
review: This game is my favorite game in my library out of 30-40 games. It will bring endless hours of gameplay and non stop strategical situations that you will have to surpass to be a great leader. Keeps your brain circulating options/ideas and this game will bring stress due to all the situations that come into play. Love this game. classic
game-hours: 507.4
review: Over the river, and through the woods, there all my movement points go...
game-hours: 71.9
review: game is dope
game-hours: 215.4
review: Very good strategy game and hours of fun with friends and/or family!
game-hours: 157.5
review: Lots of fun, can be replayed infinitely with many different settings and lots of interesting strategies
game-hours: 144.3
review: Well worth the purchace, loads of replayability. multi player is especially fun
game-hours: 387.5
review: This game is so worth the money. in the past year i have put 250 hrs into the game. 10/10 would do again.
game-hours: 289.8
review: I am completely addicted to this game! Would recommend to anyone that enjoys strategy games.
game-hours: 145.2
review: i love it
game-hours: 1868.9
review: Awesome game. Not for those who don't like slower strategy games, but great nonetheless.
game-hours: 115.4
review: A huge improvement over Civ IV, especially when you take the expansions into account, Civ V offers a deep experience and addicting gameplay.
game-hours: 0.5
review: I was able to eat a couple apples. Rate 10/10
game-hours: 206.1
review: Civilization 5 is a game you can play over and over again. There are so many unique scenarios, challenges, and aspects to the game that every play through forces you to encounter something new. I love the complexity of this game, the depth of it's balance (even if the AI is quircky), and the suspense that multiplayer offers.
game-hours: 253.6
review: Solid, expansive, diverse, and funny at times game, with a great community and extremely diverse and awesome mods.
game-hours: 49.0
review: JUST BUY IT SO WE CAN ALL NUKE EACH OTHER AND HAVE FUN!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 518.5
review: Buy this game. Just do it. It may ruin your life and cause you to lose all sense of the passage of time, but it's worth it! Also, watch out for Gandhi!
game-hours: 98.0
review: turns take horribly long to end, but otherwise a very fun game nobunaga4lyfe
game-hours: 171.7
review: Do you have spare time? Well, if you want to keep it that way, you should NOT buy this game. The turn based nature alone makes you play it for "just a few turns" and you will keep telling yourself that. Before you know it you have been playing for a week straight and the putrid smell in your house turns out to be your dog that has died of starvation and your children have run to CPS and you are getting arrested. Thanks Civ V! 10/10 Must buy.
game-hours: 51.9
review: Spending my days playing this game. Super addictive.
game-hours: 182.9
review: Good game.
game-hours: 102.5
review: This game is really interesting to play with friends but playing singleplayer gets boring
game-hours: 59.8
review: Im reviewing this for the community badge but good game anyway
game-hours: 254.8
review: like skyrim with hexagons
game-hours: 178.1
review: Yes people, this is absolutely the best turn-based strategy game to find, it is super detailed within every unit of every civilization itself, all the buildings and everything what comes with it,. Somehow like a boardgame, but also very different. Civilization V ( best played with Gods & Kings and the Brave New World DLC ) is just the best strategy turn-based game on the market and it's worth your money for sure! You start out with a settler ( to create a capital city ) and a warrior, and it's up to you how you are going to expand your empire and how you are going to victory on the map. You can play with really alot of civilizations, from Europe to America to Asia. It's so cultural and big it contains houndreds of hours of gameplay without getting bored ( atleast, if you are into long turn-based matches ) The game itself costs 30EU, the Gold upgrade costs 10EU and the newest DLC: Brave New World ( requires the main game to be installed ) costs currently 30EU. But don't worry, it's worth your money for real.
game-hours: 52.9
review: An absolute must for strategy nuts, HIghly realistic with the technology tree, barbarians can be quite annoying but then again so can most things in many games, I highly recommend this game to new comers in the Civ franchise and the veterans who are yet to play this.
game-hours: 182.6
review: Honestly one of the greatest games I've ever played, far too much of my time has been spent on this masterpiece.
game-hours: 35.3
review: What's that you say? It's been two days, and I haven't slept, ate, or showered? I'll get to all of that when I make sure that  Ghandi doesn't  all of my  up.
game-hours: 111.0
review: Haven't played Civ since the original and I must say that playing Civ V was a real pleasure. If you like the idea and good old Civ you'll like this. It's neither frustrating nor complicated, it's just fun.
game-hours: 205.3
review: Much wow, very Civ.
game-hours: 124.2
review: Nuked by Gandhi. 10/10
game-hours: 104.4
review: Excellent and vastly time consuming. Great game by itself, but really starts to come into it's stride with the Brave New World expansion pack. Love it!
game-hours: 30.9
review: This game is just pure fun. I just picked it up during the Steam Summer Sale and I think it was a great decision. Fun to play, easy to learn, and unique as well. All you gotta do is add to cart and begin having a ton of fun!
game-hours: 308.4
review: is amazing
game-hours: 2115.8
review: Just do it! Its addictive, fun and just briliant! With Gods and Kings and the Brave New World expansionsets its truly the best version of Civilization yet!
game-hours: 146.9
review: Modern chess You can customize it to make the match you want.
game-hours: 490.8
review: its swag
game-hours: 190.6
review: I want to have sex with this game!!!
game-hours: 302.3
review: GOOD GAM 1/1 fav gam. stalin seal o' apruvel
game-hours: 1995.0
review: Caution should be taken, Civilization V has an appetite for your time! For me, it took many attempts to understand some aspects of gameplay. As you begin to correct your strategies it becomes rewarding rather than tedious. I recommend this game because adding new DLC and the constant addition of Steam Workshop mods saves Civilization V from becoming stale.
game-hours: 178.2
review: One of my all time favorites.
game-hours: 194.3
review: I became a banana empire and it was cool. 10/10
game-hours: 97.5
review: Very fun game !
game-hours: 135.5
review: An absolutely fantastic and well made game. Hundreds of hours of replayability and fun.
game-hours: 291.9
review: awesome!i can stuck for hours!The best turn based strategy game ever!= so far!
game-hours: 271.1
review: zis is good game ya'?
game-hours: 79.2
review: this game is so much fun but very addicting. People be like " I wanna play a first person shooter and glak people up, i dont want to read charts and graphs and ". screw people who say that. this game is amazing. you will start and end up playing a 10 hr game which isnt bad considering an average game on fast mode is like 7hrs long. playing is so much fun and you will have a bunch of rememberable moments in every game. playing with friends or random people is fun and competitive. its basically a board game that is a perfect strategy game. buy it because it is a great game 10/10 easily. many hours will be put in and it is worth the pay.
game-hours: 1275.5
review: This game makes my  rock hard.
game-hours: 174.3
review: A game you'll probably keep coming back to. Replayability over years in my experience.
game-hours: 263.9
review: Civilization is a fantastic series, and V finally adds something the series always needed: hexes. With Gods and Kings it has included many refinements that makes this game the most challenging and difficult of the incarnations of this game. Update: The Brave New World incarnation changes faith and culture once more. Cultural victories are still the most common kind in my games, since I tend to forgo warfare for technological advances. I miss the cultural conversion of enemy cities that was part of Civ IV, but that was a conceit that does not generally fit reality.
game-hours: 201.3
review: fun
game-hours: 373.3
review: This is possibly the best strategy game I've ever played I recommend this game to any and all!
game-hours: 464.2
review: This game taught me more about foreign politics than the education system has.
game-hours: 334.2
review: good game
game-hours: 93.0
review: I have played the Civilization IV as well, and I got to say that this truly beats the IV. I will absolutely recommend this game!
game-hours: 49.0
review: I love civ 5 but the only problem i have with it is not the game its the mods. They are all for Civ 5 brave new world. I saw a cool mod that brought the lord of the rings to Civ 5 but it was for brave new world! I recomend people who played other Civ games but for those who like mods to spice their game up I do not recomend.
game-hours: 260.0
review: Very good. I think the decision to tone it down from IV was well-minded, but I think they over-simplified it. It felt kind of scummy to have to get GK and BNW to get features that would be a one stop shop in IV. Graphics are good. I like the Civilopedia and the historical accuracy. I reccomend getting BNW instead of GK, because BNW adds the equivalent of 2 expansion packs for the price of one. Unless you really want the Maya or the Celts. Still good game. Like the scenarios and pitboss. Don't think that games with expansion packs you don't have should be shown. It saves a lot of time. BUT IF YOU LIKE CHANGING HISTORY AND DOING TROLLS TO AI THAT DON'T KNOW THAT YOU'RE TROLLING THEM, GET THIS GAME.
game-hours: 139.5
review: One.. more.. turn..
game-hours: 136.6
review: The best game
game-hours: 512.7
review: Gandhi did nothing wrong.
game-hours: 214.6
review: Its like risk, only you can save and come back to with withouyr your cheating little brother moving all your crap around.
game-hours: 1021.8
review: Look at my play time and you figure out wether I think this is a good game or not. You can't go wrong with it.
game-hours: 395.9
review: Great stuff if you like spending a LOT of time on turn based strategy. A lot of good things can be said about the game and im sure everyone said it already. As a bad thing ill say: if you like loading and saving a lot, you might get bored easily as loading screens take ages to go by.
game-hours: 483.7
review: Good timesink
game-hours: 1130.8
review: Civ V is my favorite Civ so far (maybe not counting Civ II, but at this point, my recollections are mostly nostalgia). I may have put more hours into Civ IV, but that was because of Fall From Heaven, an excellent mod. Civ V introduced so many wondeful changes including hex based maps, 1 unit per hex to stop idiotic unit stacking (though I think they should have let civilian units stack on each other), and a revamped system for defining your civilization through policies. The Gods and Kings added more of everything, which is what I wanted it to do.
game-hours: 591.2
review: It's fun ruleing the wolrd
game-hours: 125.3
review: Get it now. Awesome game.
game-hours: 6.9
review: 2 weeks playing one game (max civs, city states) and still not finished!
game-hours: 284.0
review: Truely excellent, eventually a marvelous sequel after poor attempts of Civilization 3 and 4. This has the feel of Civilization 2 but with greater depth and more thought put into fighting and cultural strengths and weakness'. Would buy this game again and wouldn't regret it in a heartbeat!
game-hours: 16.6
review: That's how you make a game! Epic game playing and soundtracks!
game-hours: 20.8
review: I was deep in prayer when an angel entered my mind space. She was mixed-ethnicity and looked a little bit like a woman that worked at the local Panda Express (lol @ all of you who think that angels are white. God doesn't descriminate against any groups. Read the bible.) "You shall be the pillar of a new civilization.", the angel said. Then she told me her name was Lucy. Lucy Furr. I didn't know what that meant at the time, but COINCIDENTALLY, 6 YEARS LATER, I see that this game is on sale for 75% off. So, I bought it. Now I'm just waiting for a heavenly message to come through this blessed WIndows 8 :)
game-hours: 93.6
review: This is an exceptionally great turn based strategy game. I haven't played many other games like this but it has encouraged me to. I actually hadn't played the other 4 games in the Civilization series and I found getting into the game a bit tricky but with the help of some mates and the wiki I managed to love the game. I ended up creating a relatively awesome empire only to be crushed by a backstabbing 'friend'. So if you're wondering wether to buy this game or not I would recommend you do and buy the DLC Brave New World, it adds so much and makes it so much better. Buy it, get into the game and start up with your friends.
game-hours: 54.9
review: This is an epic game
game-hours: 233.9
review: Reviews are unecessary. Just buy it, you'll like it, whether if you like it or not.
game-hours: 68.1
review: g8 gam 4 all of de kiddies these dayz
game-hours: 42.4
review: Awesome
game-hours: 122.9
review: kinda fun to get giant death robots and destroy cities,pillage stuff and get wonders and buldings and bownmans, and more. pretty fun
game-hours: 109.0
review: ghandi.
game-hours: 275.9
review: Absolutely love this game. one... more... turn.../10
game-hours: 276.3
review: Wait! Just... one... more... turn...
game-hours: 43.0
review: Now I understand how that Chinese guy died playing WOW...
game-hours: 38.1
review: game is a lot of fun buy it
game-hours: 90.9
review: I absolutely love this game. My favorite turn based strategy game hands down. Will be amazing once the Steam Controller is released. I like the depth and customizability of this game, and the Workshop support is a godsend. Really fun game to play with friends, I can't imagine the online being that much fun, but let's be honest, people only ever play this with their friends. I love this game and I love how complex and strategic the battles are. The only tedius thing about the game is tending to all of your 150 units every single turn... aside from that, the game is practically flawless. I HIGHLY recommend this game! 10/10
game-hours: 719.7
review: *explodes*
game-hours: 104.6
review: this game is both as good as balls and adictive as balls
game-hours: 76.7
review: Ghandi is mean, Ghandi is love 10/10
game-hours: 272.6
review: gr8 m8 i r8 8/8
game-hours: 700.7
review: This game is amazing, there's many civilization to choose from and each have their own gameplay particularities. When you start a game, many strategies and win option are viable and you really feel like you decide what to do. At this point the game is well balanced and is a must play.
game-hours: 38.5
review: Great game, Great to play with friends and the single player is fun aswell.
game-hours: 476.2
review: Hours and hours of fun. Apply strategy and tactics, almost unlimited scenarios and re-playability. With the mod and mapping communites this just keeps getting better. Worth every dime, and so are the expansions. Well done game, solid running too, this is not a buggy attempt but a well thought out design by some very talented devs and a mastermind of the genre behind it, Sid Meier.
game-hours: 257.0
review: This game is a must-buy for fans of the Civilization franchise, and I highly recommend picking it up if you even think you might be interested in this kind of strategy game. I've only played the Gold edition, which comes with the base game plus the Gods + Kings expansion. At the very least, I suggest getting this expansion; after playing this game with religion, I can't go back. I don't have the other expansion (Brave New World), so I can't comment on it. Vererans will know how the game works; you can choose how you want to play and how you want to win. The interface is very well laid out, the music is perfect, and the graphics look great. The opponent AI can sometimes be a little aggressive and will refuse to make trades that are clearly in their favor, but other than that the gameplay is fantastic. Overall, I believe that Civilization V is worth every cent of your purchase!
game-hours: 247.8
review: Great game buy it
game-hours: 42.1
review: Good
game-hours: 26.0
review: The most fun I've had in a long time. 10/10
game-hours: 191.4
review: best game to get if you wanna play against mates in a long battle. loads of diferent ways to win and all, you dont have to be agressive. you can do waht you want with your country and i love it!
game-hours: 105.3
review: if you like to spend hours playing as russia just to butt  america or any other equally annoying country get this game. you start out as 2 units some  settlers and some soldiers who are ing terrible. then you slowly build your way up to the point where you can Nuke your enemies with little to no consquences. The a.i. will hate you but who gives a , not this guy. So after your done with you little nuclear holocaust, why not start another game. This time you can win a diplomatic victory which will never work out, or you could win as a cultural victory which is boring as , same as the time victory.
game-hours: 394.8
review: I would recomend starting at warlord difficulty for new peoples
game-hours: 560.8
review: tek kelimeyle mthi bir oyun... her oyunda yeni bir strateji yeni bir dnya ... tavsiye ederm...bekleriz...
game-hours: 16.9
review: got to nuke gandhi 10/10
game-hours: 62.1
review: Play this if you can afford to become a NEET. It's a very fun game, but far too addicting to the point that your first gameplay will last you at least 10-15 hours. That's only the tutorial. I would give this a 10/10, but this game takes you far away from friends, family and loved ones to the point of no return. 8/10 - Would play it never again (unless I suddenly had no one in the world)
game-hours: 47.2
review: Great game
game-hours: 18.8
review: Very addicting game!
game-hours: 3.7
review: Good
game-hours: 58.7
review: Love the series! I am very happy with the linux port as well! A must have game.
game-hours: 606.8
review: Civilization V is based around international diplomacy. It is a turn-based strategy game that allows you to make alliances or enemies; peace or war. You can play as various empires, from England to Rome, America to Egypt. Each nation has a couple special things, such as a special building and a special unit. You can expand your empire by building cities and buying "tiles". You can go to war with nations to capture their territory, or you can be neutral and never go to war. You can start the game just after the invention of agriculture, and from there you research new technologies, starting with things like "animal husbandry" and ending with things like "nanotechnology". Each technology unlocks new things to build and use; for example, researching "mining" allows you to build mines, while researching "industrialization" allows you to build factories. There are various difficulties to choose from, so no matter your skill level, you should enjoy the game. The win conditions are various "victory types"; for example, you can take over everyone else through military and win a domination victory, or you can launch a rocket to Alpha Centauri, winning through a science victory. There are other ways to win as well. Building "wonders", major buildings from history that each give unique bonuses and advantages, allows you to dominate the score board. There are many wonders that could be built, such as the Great Library, Stonehenge, the Great Wall, the Statue of Liberty, and the Hubble Space Telescope. There are two major expansion packs that you can buy, Gods & Kings (allows you to found your own religion and spread it around the world, among other things) and Brave New World (allows you to build trade routes and get involved in international diplomacy through the World Congress/United Nations). Other more minor DLC are available as well, such as Polynesia and Korea. Civilization V also has mod support, and mods are quite easy to make using the included Civilization V SDK tool. Using this, you can make new civilizations, buildings, technologies; the possibilities are almost endless. You can also download other people's mods through the Steam Workshop. My rating of it: 10/10 + Enourmous fun, with a bit of history education hidden throughout. + Permits endless mods and mod possibilities. + Unbelievable amount of replay value. - Can be hard on the computer in the later parts of the game.
game-hours: 121.9
review: One of the greatest strategy games I have ever played! I recommend it to anyone interested in playing strategy games!
game-hours: 278.1
review: this  ballin
game-hours: 5.0
review: I forgot about my Life..... 10/10
game-hours: 430.8
review: I've been playing Civilization games for many years and still have the original boxes too! I was very skeptical about moving from Civ VI to Civ V given the bad reviews out there at the time of purchase. After 3/4 years and all the expansions, i've found it to be a great addition. The AI still needs improvements and the multiplayer is horrendous but the game itself is super. I highly recommend the game and if you were to play it with other humans, then i'd say choose friends and via LAN!
game-hours: 84.5
review: Even if you don't have a life, Civilization V will take it away from you. Countless hours will be spent defending your empire, building it up, and dealing with the bi-polar leaders you are up against. Ridiculously fun. Buy it, but be warned: it will suck you in.
game-hours: 165.4
review: With hindsight I can tell you that even at full price, the full Civ V package (including DLC's) is well worth the price. This is one of the most complex, interesting and engaging games that I've ever played. You have a massive list of Civ's to play from, which all have unique playstyles suited to them so you can play an infinite amount of games (each of which can easily last 10 hours) with AI controlled opponents, or your friends online. Not only do the variety of Civ's make the game so deep but also the map choices that you're given. You can choose your favourite map type (of which there are Continents, Islands and Pangea to name a few) which are all randomly generated, or pick the random map type for a surprise. If you somehow get bored of that there are also a number of scenarios that you can play in, as well as the ability to crank up the difficulty to insane levels, or piss easy ones if you just enjoy stomping on everyone. I can guarantee that if you think that you'll enjoy this game that you will, I thought about it for a year and finally got it in the winter sale and can only sing it praises. But if you're REALLY unsure about whether you want it and you don't want to drop the money on it, then there is a demo available to get you hooked so I recommend trying that out before buying the game. I highly recommend this game at a 9/10, it will absolutely ruin your life. I should currently be doing work but Just... One... More... Turn...
game-hours: 92.1
review: Great game, its worth your monies if your willing to sell your soul to the game for about 30+ hours strait for an amazing time :D
game-hours: 11.0
review: France killed me... with a nuke 12/10
game-hours: 3986.7
review: Took over whole world, only had india left until domination victory completion, the only victory type enabled. It was turn 430. I lost five turns later. The nukes man. The nukes. 1000/100 would get nuked again
game-hours: 501.3
review: This game is amazing! You may have seen Sid meier's Civization beyond earth. I still recommend this game rather than that because there as been more work on it than the new one. If you buy this game you will want to buy all of the exspansions for it. The exspansions exspand the game so much, the base game is not near as fun as all of the exspansions combined. I really would reccomend this game. I play with my uncle all of the time and we kill each otheror work together, and not even talking about all of the fun of smack talk! This game is amazing to play and even better playing with freinds and family. If you buy this game make sure to get someone you know to play with you. Also make sure to practice so much that you crush whoever you play with in an istant, this game lets you achive complete and utter power. Buy this game.
game-hours: 191.8
review: Fun.
game-hours: 51.1
review: this game would probably be a lot better if my friends weren't so  and played with me. but other than that great game, make sure you get both expansions!
game-hours: 257.4
review: The newest iteration of one of the greatest series in gaming. 250+ hours on my steam version, which is one of three versions that I've sunk a lot of time into.
game-hours: 371.0
review: I cannot effectively articulate how awesome this game is. Mind the system requirements, but if you meet them, play it!
game-hours: 43.6
review: if you ask me none of the other civs seem all that civilized. gandhi nuking my capital twice screw you gandhi
game-hours: 12.8
review: so fast paced 10/10
game-hours: 22.2
review: If you like games where you can go to war, explore the land, create an empire, and rule the world, then you need this. Amazing graphics, cool scenarios, and a bunch of characters to choose from, this is one of the best strategy games I've ever played. Get it. It's worth it.
game-hours: 141.9
review: its not poochies
game-hours: 48.0
review: best sid meiers game by far it is a very fun game and u dont finish games to fast but it dosent take to long
game-hours: 82.8
review: Amazing Grand Strategy game with massive replayability. Every match plays out differently,and there is no ultimate strategy that works every time. Your strategies will develop over the course of the (long) matches,depending on many different factors,including the behaviour and expansion of the other Civilizations and the traits of both yours and the other Civs, the resources you have available to you, the layout of the world, the advancements in Science... Everything that happens in a match will make you think, reconsider and plan. One very important thing to note is the AI. Without the first expansion, Gods and Kings, the AI is lackluster and often reacts in odd or illogical ways. Both the Dlcs also add a lot of further tactical depth to the game,so if you plan on buying the game,I would definetely recommend that you grab at least Gods and Kings too. The Civilization and Scenario Dlcs can be skipped, but Gods and Kings is almost a requirement as it "fixes"/improves the AI significantly and also adds several new elements into the game. A brave new world adds even more tactical depth and decisionmaking that will shape how the rest of a match plays out, and improves trading,economy,the culture system/victory and diplomacy,and also changes the way a lot of the basic Civilizations work.
game-hours: 21.2
review: awesome!
game-hours: 202.4
review: This is the best game ever made on the planet. PERIOD.
game-hours: 3.1
review: Game is fun.
game-hours: 64.6
review: Stay Calm and Don't trust Ghandi Or Hiawatha You'll pay for it if you do 10/10 30 mins becomes 4 hours "Just juan more turn" you say, that becomes 2, then 5, then 10, then before you know it 100
game-hours: 1544.2
review: I've played a couple times, you kind of loose track of time while playing, 7 hours later you are king of the world. 10/10
game-hours: 105.1
review: This game is just awesome, addicting and adorable to watch. Civilization is a turn-based strategy game where you can play as a world leader of nation or an empire. This game has 2 expansion packs who are worth it's money. The soundtrack is just plainly beautiful to hear and it will never be annoying after hours. The character models look great and sometimes also intimidating. I haven't played multiplayer yet but the singleplayer is how it should be. Civilization 5 belongs to one of the best strategy games of all time. Singleplayer Rating : 10/10
game-hours: 115.7
review: 5/5 A classic for anyone's strategic game library, "One more turn". I recommend getting the two expansions.
game-hours: 75.8
review: Saw that there could be an option for "raging barbarians". Turned it on and disabled all other civilizations....me against the non-governed world, just how I like it :)
game-hours: 162.8
review: Get the game. Just get it
game-hours: 80.7
review: One does not simply dislike this game. Addicting, massive replayability, especially with DLC's like Gods and Kings and Brave new world, and amazing gameplay providing hours of fun no matter of age, 6 or 45...
game-hours: 227.4
review: It's fast, it's fun.
game-hours: 112.4
review: Although I do love Civ4 so much more I have enjoyed playing this.
game-hours: 243.1
review: 9/10 It's OK
game-hours: 42.9
review: Gud Game >_> unless you play with my friends
game-hours: 543.7
review: Civilization 5 is highly addicting and is a very good choice if you want to make a lot of time disappear before you even realize it was gone. If you've tried the previous Civilization titles and didn't find them fun give Civlization 5 a try, it plays more like a strategy board game then previous titles.
game-hours: 123.5
review: All is fair in love and.. not now you barbarian keds.
game-hours: 445.7
review: One of the best strategy games ever, i never get bored playing this game i always come back and play more of it! I highly recommend this game :)
game-hours: 266.7
review: What can I say about the best turn based strategy series? Multi-touch support rocks, hex tiles are great. It's as great as previous versions, offering huge Civiliopedia to teach you actual history, stealing your precious life with never ending "one more turns". Your average strategy game ends in 1 hour, while Civilization might not end in months. Not everyone can play this game, can you build an empire to stand the test of time?
game-hours: 16.5
review: This is a really fun game, I have had no problems with it :)
game-hours: 224.8
review: This is one of the best strategy games I've played. It is impressively immersive and quite addictive, so make sure you watch your clock and dont end up accidentaly playing it until 4:30 in the morning.
game-hours: 75.7
review: Civ 5 is one of those games that you can just never get away from.
game-hours: 94.6
review: For a game that I would think was going to be sorta boring I was wrong. This game provides the fun that I enjoy greatly. I will also add when you start playing this game, you'll lose track of time for real. Although the game mechanics could get better because the same thing happens everytime where you research a thing and then build this and that but its enjoyable. For this game a 8 out of 10 is deserved. Guess I'll start rating games now that I've said that.
game-hours: 356.3
review: There are two types of people in this world - those who dislike Civ and those who buy the game and lose the next 16 hours of their life clicking on the 'next turn' button. As a 4x game Civ does it all: Economics, diplomacy, strategy, empire macro-management, city micro-management, religious disputes, etc. And it does all of it in an immersive, attractive environment that progresses with the state of your civilization. The only real cons are that public multiplayer games take forever without a good method for pausing/saving/resuming but this can be remedied by joining a Civ steam group or just playing with friends. At the very least, give the Brave New World Demo a try and find out how expendable your sleep is.
game-hours: 139.5
review: best game EVERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
game-hours: 270.6
review: Civ 5 is a great game if you have tons of time to pour in or very little, one of the few games I love recomending.
game-hours: 125.2
review: my wife hates this game, five stars.
game-hours: 466.9
review: This is a great game you can spend hours playing either casually or competitively. This is the best turn based strategy game I have ever played and would recommend it to everyone even if the genre is not one you would normally play.
game-hours: 18.2
review: If you are prone to addictions, do not buy this game. 10/10 would get addicted again.
game-hours: 64.2
review: its fun
game-hours: 34.0
review: When I lost contact with my friends the AI in this game did suffice. Overall a really fun game, can be a bit enraging if you're not prepared for a situation. 10/10
game-hours: 44.8
review: This game has taken a lot of my time; probably not even close to as much as other people who play this. It is a very accessable game but also can be complexed. I recommend getting the expansions as the final expansion adds more importance to faith and culture. This game can be addictive though. I played 3 playthroughs; by the end of the 3rd night, I had 20+ hours into it.
game-hours: 188.2
review: This game is the shizznits.
game-hours: 225.0
review: This game is fantastic...there is so much depth and content.
game-hours: 205.0
review: It's a great time killer and is even better to play with friends. I recommend checking out the workshop for mods with this game as they can add countries or leaders that aren't recognized in the game or in the dlc's.
game-hours: 384.8
review: Great game, I can and do get lost in it for hours.
game-hours: 484.4
review: I lika war wid udda cuntry.
game-hours: 450.0
review: This game is possibly the best game ever. It has very deep strategy and the opportunity to play very differently.
game-hours: 135.8
review: Why haven't you bought this incredible game yet?!
game-hours: 28.2
review: OMG STOP I AM BANKRUPT I WON'T BE ABLE TO BUY ANY MORE EXPANSION PACKS.
game-hours: 446.2
review: Very good game, and with the DLCs it's even more fun!!!! For a great price so much fun????!!!! And certainly with a sale!!!!
game-hours: 341.7
review: Nice game, worth it
game-hours: 186.7
review: literally cant stop playing ever
game-hours: 142.1
review: Brilliant game, wish I had Brave New World though, my only complaint is that the palace view that was in Civ 3 is gone:(, but I gtg and play more Civ 5
game-hours: 300.2
review: The Best of the Civ series... and with each new expansion it gets better and better! 10/10!
game-hours: 200.3
review: For the person that wants to rewrite history from the comfort of their own home this is the game for you.
game-hours: 50.8
review: what time is it again?
game-hours: 280.2
review: Awesome game, the effort put into quitting for long enough to type this comment was overwhelming
game-hours: 97.3
review: For strategy games, this one takes the cake, and eats it too. The modding community is strong with this one, every game is different, no two are alike. Multiplayer is nice, and with final update smooth, enjoyable experience all around. If you're into building up a civilization from the ground up over the course of 6500 years, making diplomatic decisions with other empires, whilst protecting yourself from barbarians and finding ancient ruins all in the process, this game is for ye.
game-hours: 77.0
review: Cannot play as Sid Meier himself and the civilization is not his, don't be fooled.
game-hours: 730.7
review: Once you get into this game, a whole new world opens up, where you first only saw some numbers, fresh strategies appear. It's also relatively easy to learn, so don't be intimidated.
game-hours: 101.6
review: Play as a civilization and bring forth your country from the dawn of time to the end of it (or untill everybodys dead by nukes) create vast tech and armys and a stunning culture to shun the world in your mightyness or share it all and be a  but that will never happen
game-hours: 266.0
review: If you buy this game, you will slowly lose all connections with family and friends.....
game-hours: 83.5
review: I bought this game 5 days ago. Somebody help me.........
game-hours: 281.7
review: Ghandi is the biggest war lord, worse than Hitler, Stalin, and Khan all wrapped up in one. 10/10 would recommend for realistic gameplay and that 20 fps cinematic experience.
game-hours: 68.4
review: Board game video game
game-hours: 222.8
review: It's like skyrim! with guns!
game-hours: 116.9
review: great game to play with friends
game-hours: 46.2
review: Such a great game I have spent so many hours playing the difference between each nation is substancial
game-hours: 97.6
review: Good game
game-hours: 1.1
review: Works flawless under Arch Linux. Civ 5 is per se a very good game. The only thing i dislike about it is the sound track. But there's an easy fix for that.
game-hours: 85.2
review: 10/10 never gonna bang again
game-hours: 229.2
review: One more turn then it's bed time I swear this time.
game-hours: 3.3
review: 10/10 good game
game-hours: 163.5
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V is one of the best games I have ever played, but I would recommend getting the Brave New World expansion as it enhances the gameplay greatly. I have literally spent hours playing with my friends, losing every time, but the experience of the game in itself is what makes this game truly remarkable. A Masterpiece.
game-hours: 130.5
review: quite possibly the best turn based strategy game on the market
game-hours: 43.0
review: A turn based strategy game, Civilization V continues the classic Civilization series.
game-hours: 149.0
review: amazing. just amazing
game-hours: 37.1
review: Became friends with Gandhi, we made many trades and research agreements. Then he just ran over me with elephants and nuked my capital 10/11
game-hours: 107.2
review: Awesome game! Very addicting! One of my favorite games!
game-hours: 386.3
review: Nuked Gandhi and the whole world hated me. 11/10
game-hours: 125.7
review: A wonderful TBS for a group of players
game-hours: 25.2
review: Great game, although Multiplayer can become a tad buggy.
game-hours: 280.2
review: This is a great game and can lead to hours on hours of fun.
game-hours: 42.4
review: Great game but prepare your life it won't exist much longer after playing this once
game-hours: 43.6
review: This is possibly THE best game I have ever played and it definately rates No 1 on my have to play list (if I had one)
game-hours: 292.9
review: bit unstable on multiplayer, but otherwise a great game
game-hours: 221.9
review: Get the Gods and Kings AND Brave New World DLC to make this game even better than the new Beyond Earth!
game-hours: 207.9
review: Just... One... More... Turn... Ah  it, you don't really need sleep, do you?
game-hours: 163.2
review: do not play this game, it will devour your life. It will pull you away from other games. It will pull you away from your family and friends. IT WILL TEAR YOUR SOUL APART!!!! 10/10
game-hours: 74.2
review: Not sure how I feel about Gandhi nuking me...
game-hours: 1716.6
review: Honestly, one of the best games I've ever played. Worth every penny.
game-hours: 904.5
review: This is my favorite game i have ever played because it never gets old. You can just switch it up by choosing a different leader or victory type.
game-hours: 500.9
review: Absolutely the most addictive, time consuming game I've ever played. I don't even know why.
game-hours: 102.1
review: Best Game ever
game-hours: 63.4
review: A fun strategy based turn game that not only gives laughes, but also a lot of fun for all experience levels! I love it! BUT REMEMBER, DON'T TRUST SPAIN OR FRANCE!
game-hours: 354.3
review: AMAZING GAME. This is my favorite game all time and it is great, there is so much that you can do its almost endless
game-hours: 158.5
review: Too addicting. Some really great improvements over Civ. 4 (one troop per tile, etc.)
game-hours: 298.6
review: You spend 3 hours doing nothing but clicking next turn with the occasional ordering of a unit. For added fun after 3 hours you get nuked by Ghandi. On multiplayer you and all your friends can hit next turn together for 3 hours before getting nuked by Ghandi. 10/10
game-hours: 377.3
review: Cannot stop playing this game. Its fun to kill time. Good strategy game.
game-hours: 60.6
review: I founded Islam in America. 11/10
game-hours: 54.1
review: You kill one civilization and no one like you but they all want you to go to war with germany for some reason. most realistic game 11/10
game-hours: 101.4
review: I have had a lot of fun with Civ V. There are many roads to victory. You can also make a custom game to limit methods of victory. There is so much that can be customized for each individual game you play. Very good replay value.
game-hours: 305.1
review: Best TBS ever.
game-hours: 30.2
review: Probably the best game in the Civ series so far. I enjoy playing it and everytime I start the game it's hard to quit. I would recommend this game to every fan of the civ series and to everyone searching for a challenge and good gameplay.
game-hours: 171.5
review: Fantastic game, it's a shame that the base game itself isn't the best. The DLC (G&K and Brave New World) are basically needed to get the full game experience, which ramps up the price quite a bit. Still, one of my favorite games of all time.
game-hours: 14.6
review: An excellent strategy game, but be aware that the hours fly playing it.
game-hours: 92.1
review: Seriously addictive, you'll play for 1/2 an hour and end up stopping 3 hours later.
game-hours: 424.8
review: 11/10. It's ok
game-hours: 52.3
review: I can't stop... this game's a tad bit too addicting. You can win with science. yay...
game-hours: 53.9
review: just dont expect ghandi to let you live
game-hours: 43.0
review: Always fun. Can put it down and pick it up whenever and I'll have a good time
game-hours: 19.3
review: User friendly for those who are fairly unfamiliar with the RTS genre and gameplay. It's addicting, enough to the point where I'd be up till 3am and not realize it; just blankly looking at my screen and yelling "ING GOD DAMN ALEXANDER STOP TRYING TO START A WAR WITH ME." It is amazingly fun and the games can go on for a very long time, I think my first game lasted about 9~10 hours. It's an RTS fan's staple and for good reason.
game-hours: 21.0
review: If you like being America and conquering everyone and everything like I do, then this is the game for you!
game-hours: 986.5
review: Great game with the exception of a few minor annoying features such as no unit stacking.
game-hours: 904.5
review: If you want a great stragedy game this game is right for you or if you enjoy board games as well.
game-hours: 132.5
review: "Just one more turn" - 30 turns ago
game-hours: 68.1
review: I love civ 5!!!!! I would reccomend this game to anyone with patience and to anyone who doesn't mind not being in the forefront of a battle, instead being in the air and focusing on more strategic methods of victory!
game-hours: 126.2
review: Everyone should play as Gandhi spreading Judaism.
game-hours: 7.4
review: One more turn... and i'll go to bed...
game-hours: 14.5
review: Still playing but seems fun
game-hours: 130.7
review: I always find myself saying just one more turn.. then its morning.
game-hours: 63.5
review: Gahndi declared war on me 10/10
game-hours: 7.6
review: erhmahgerhd, i dont even know what this game is about yet, so it begs the question; why are you reading all of my reviews? dont worry, more comedic content is upcoming!
game-hours: 582.6
review: A few years back, I seem to remember seeing one of the older Civilization games at Target. I picked it up, took it home, played for a couple hours and then hated it. Apparently that version of me was an idiot. I don't know what it was last summer, a couple months before Brave New World came out. But I saw this game and for some reason decided to get the demo. I played the demo. And then I played it again. And again. It was around the sixth time that I realized I should probably buy the game. Fast forward a year later and this is still one of my favorite Steam purchases. I don't know what to say that hasn't already been said about the game. If you're into strategy games then this is quite the blast. There's a lot of fun even in simply experiementing with each civilization's perks against AI and other players. Admittedly, the multiplayer seems to propped up on fragile legs (at least in my experience), but we're usually determined enough to plod through these issues for any given game. The Workshop community is fantastic. There's a lot of cool stuff out there that changes quite the variety of different aspects, from simple UI adjustments or infomration access changes to entirely new game modes. The work that goes into these is really impressive. If you're up in the air, download the demo and give it a go. But this game gets my stamp of approval.
game-hours: 39.7
review: I'd recommed this game. It's really nice but it chrashed 2 times while i was at turn 90 and it doesn't save the game. !
game-hours: 170.4
review: This game is a fun game for people who likes strategical games.
game-hours: 235.7
review: Three thumbs up!
game-hours: 335.0
review: This is one of the games that I prefer to play the most. This game is so nice that your expierience is so worth it, that you will remember this game for ages. Thank you Steam.
game-hours: 207.3
review: Fun, addictive, colorful game. Not perfect, but a lot of fun for everyone.
game-hours: 50.8
review: Runing a Civilization into the ground is great. Get the expansion packs, or you won't get a nice, full experience.
game-hours: 148.3
review: this game ia a plague, first it looks fun and harmless but then you get addicted and cant stop playing, save yourselfs
game-hours: 95.7
review: A lot of my friends, myself included, played previous installations of Civ and fell in love. Civ 5 is the latest installation and, while having a rough start, has slowly progressed into a fun game. I will admit, the change in style was very difficult to get over. I played many hours of Civ 4 and when I started Civ 5 it was a mixed bag. I was so happy at the updated graphics. The game looks gorgeous but it came at the cost of some reworking in the play style. After getting used to the play style, it doesn't mean as much, but it is something to consider for prospective buyers. That also being said, another thing to consider is the hardware aspect. This game is a memory hog and for some reason, really hits hard on non-SSD hard drives. I had to put in extra 120mm fans on my case to keep the heat down. The longer you play a game, the slower the game runs. If you have a high end gaming system, you'll be fine. Otherwise, be prepared to start your game in mid-low settings in graphics in order to accommodate for late game slowness.
game-hours: 247.4
review: I was never a fan of the Sid Meier games, but I guess 200+ hours can change things ;-D LOVE THIS GAME!!!
game-hours: 1384.9
review: My favorite thing about this game: it's entirely mouse driven. :3 You can just sit back, use only one hand, and enjoy razing the world. MWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAAAA >:D On a more serious note, this game is totally worth it. If you're going to buy the game I'd strongly recommend getting at least Gods and Kings and Brave New World. I would encourage buying all the DLC while you're at it, but having additional maps and civilizations to play with isn't that much of a game changer.
game-hours: 388.9
review: One of my favorite games ever great game would buy it again and would cry if i couldent play it!
game-hours: 44.2
review: Formidable Experience just consider to have the DLC's as the game by itself it's a bit too short but worth every penny !
game-hours: 253.7
review: On it's own, Sid Meier's Civilization V is hard to recommend. It's missing quite a lot of really nice features and the AI works poorly. However, with the Brave New World expansion, or even with Gods and Kings (both of which can be acquired in the Complete Edition), I whole-heartedly recommend this game to anyone who is even slightly interested in turn-based 4X games. Gameplay: Civilization V is a very easy game to learn. It doesn't have complex mechanics that are difficult to understand, nor does it have detailed diplomacy with hundreds of possible options. It is incredibly easy to get into. However, don't be fooled into thinking that the game has no depth. There are a many strategies that can be used to achieve the various victories. For example, you may be trying to get your technology further ahead of everyone else, either to peacefully achieve the science victory, or to crush your enemies with a more advanced military. There are still many other options available, such are culture, which gives you buffs in areas of your choice, religion, which you can spread to enemy cities to recieve bonuses, NPC city states with quests that you can befriend, ally with or destroy, getting high amounts of gold and buying the favour of other players. And that's not all. Every single civilization has a different passive bonus as well as 2 special units or buildings. This allows for more varied play styles aswell as more specialised games. Japan, for example, has a special bonus which make it's units fight as though they were at full strength even when hurt. This means that they excel in combat. A player playing Japan may wish to go down the route of conqueror. However they also acquire culture from fishing boats. This means that players will actively search for good spots near the coast to settle cities where as with a different civilization they may have prefered to stay inland. This provides plenty of replayability. With a total of 43 civilizations, there is more than enough choice for you to find your prefered playstyle. Graphics: The graphics of Sid Meier's Civilization V will not blow you away. That said, it still looks good and there is a lot of detail put in. Special buildings and wonders that you construct are actually visible in your cities (though not always well placed, eg. the pyramids being half submerged in sea water). The animation and combat looks nice, however for multiplayer I recommend turning the animations off as it both wastes time and can sometimes cause lag if your internet speed isn't great. Performance: With graphics on low, this game will run on most computers, even really old, barely functioning laptops. Again, if your PC is less than stellar I recommend turning off combat and movement animations as they are not important and not having them doesn't take away from the overall experience, Multiplayer is where this game both shines and suffers. It's quite difficult to get a multiplayer game with many players working properly without lag. However, if you are able to get it working, you're going to have a great time. EDIT: A patch has fixed most multiplayer issues. While I have not tested with more than 4 people, I can confirm that the game runs smoother with 4 people after the patch with 2 people before. Mods: This game has plenty of mods available. Mods that add new civilizations, new resources, new units, visual overhauls, new maps etc. However, while some of them mods may be great, they can only be played in single player. There is no option to use mods in multiplayer. Overall, Sid Meier's Civilization V is a fantastic game. Once you start playing you will not want to stop. Even when it's time to save and quit, there will only be one thing on your mind: Just... One... More... Turn.
game-hours: 124.3
review: I mean, it's Civilization. If you've played one before, you know the general gist of things. I will say that I enjoy the move to hextiles over the squares previously seen, and I actually like some of the more controversial changes, such as not being able to stack an infinite number of units into a single tile. Since I tend to play more for non-militaristic victories, the changes in Civ V have, for the most part, not been things I have issues with. If you're into conquest as your main mode of play, maybe not for you. But if you mostly play a balanced game or go for a non-violent path, then I think you'll enjoy the upgrade. Make sure you pick it up with the two expansion packs, as it adds an enjoyable depth with trade, religion and culture without adding too much complexity.
game-hours: 431.3
review: Gandhi nuked me to death, 100/10 would get nuked again Wait, where am I? what time is it?
game-hours: 185.4
review: One of the most addicting strategy games you will ever play.
game-hours: 279.1
review: This game is amazing, i love this game soo very much i have played 156 hours of it , there is just sooo much to do, with all these expansions coming out, you can play it over and over again.
game-hours: 20.7
review: This is my go to game when I am not directly playing anything else. Plotting the downfall of my enemies is enjoyable if slightly worrying. It's a bit slow for me, however, I am still pretty new to RTS games.
game-hours: 65.9
review: I've never had the thrill in real life to have a 5000 year war with Babylon as China. This was an exhilarating experience.
game-hours: 150.1
review: An amazing, addictive, turn based strategy. Modding and multiplayer are incredibly easy to use. Brave New World is an awesome expansion! If you haven't played it, go buy it. Now.
game-hours: 149.3
review: Well, it different
game-hours: 57.9
review: Probably my favourite game to play on the computer. must get.
game-hours: 104.4
review: I really like this game.
game-hours: 7.1
review: Cant Stop Playing After Knew How To Play...+100
game-hours: 109.1
review: Civilization is one of the few games that is really worth it's price. You can keep playing it fo as long as you want and every time it will present you with chalenges and meaninful decisions. Not that 8 hours disposable crap you are used to. BUY IT NOW.
game-hours: 44.0
review: Very fun, just dont promise"one more turn" to anybody while playing.
game-hours: 917.9
review: As you can see by how many hours i've played this game, I definitely recommend it to anyone who likes this type of game.
game-hours: 306.0
review: Civilization continues to deliver one of the primier strategy game experiences. There is little negative to say about the fifth installment of the civilization series, which prides itself on its immense amount of features and challenging gameplay. It's game mechanics are incredibly in depth, balanced, and well researched. The game is only made better by its fantastic, and well worth the cost, dlc which adds new scenarios, world leaders, and features such as religion. The experience is even better when playing with friends and foes in a multiplayer match. The only cons to this game may be the learning curve, as there is definitely a lot to take in. Another gripe with the game is the amount of time it consumes. An average game may last more than 10 hours, and with the amount of different civilizations, scenarios, and features to play and master this may seem a bit daunting. Friends that are familiar and play this game call it a "One way time machine." This meaning you sit down and start, and then snap back to reality 8 hours later without much sense of the amount of time that flew by. Would I recommend it? Yes. A thousand times yes. It my personal favorite strategy game of all time, and is well worth the cost. 10 / 10. Note: If you aren't enthused with it as a single player match I would highly recommend getting some friends together and trying it as fast paced as possible playing against eachother.
game-hours: 378.9
review: Ah Sid Meier's! We've had so much together, in peace, in 'understanding' from Alpha Centruri/Alien Crossfire and more apon hours and hours of gameplay I can't possibily know how many but this review is for the 5th installtion of Sid Meier's Civilization, as you should know. Personally I have problems with this game from multiplayer and single player campaign. I have many things I enjoy in this game but at the same time it gives me emotions that I can't describe, its not a good feeling or a bad one. Its the small things that naw at me. Like the choice of 'Civilizations' which aren't really interesting, others may argue that this game is perfect. It is in somethings because they have had time to tweek it from SM's Civ 1 (and all other SM's games between back then and now), but this is not diffinate world-embodyment of human culture. I mean sure, if you are looking at this review and your thinking, "Should I buy this game and will I have fun with it as a gamer?" You might or might not be disappointed depending on what you think a fun game is. Is it nuking a civilization that will randomly make war with you because your close to their border by their country? Or will they spy on you because your a ally to them and have been friends with them from the beginning of the game? I think not. I will say this though, if you are one that likes to use your mind in games you will love this game. Not for civilizations mostly but for the way how it all plays out. If you lose or win but if you have poured a good 20+ hours in one game that isn't that awesome, if you lose. But my final scores are: Gameplay: 4/5 From Civilizations to choose from: 2/5 AI's  meter/AI's BSM: 5/5 (Based on highest diffcultly) Playabillity: Average Steam Community active? Yes, very. Altogether I give this game a 7/10 because I do enjoy this game just please to god make this game more realitic among cultures of the world. {Recommended}
game-hours: 273.4
review: omg best game everz
game-hours: 83.2
review: This game is worth every cent I paid for it.
game-hours: 101.5
review: Great game! A must for every strategy lover!
game-hours: 435.5
review: 1 of the best games ive ever played 95%
game-hours: 24.4
review: Love this game. Great graphics and strategy. 5/5 Furries recommed.havefundrivesafe
game-hours: 229.8
review: Best one since civ 2
game-hours: 40.0
review: Any essence of a life I had this game has taken,,,
game-hours: 9.8
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V Is a strategy game, If you like games like Age of Empires and Command and Conquer this is definately the game for you, It requires thinking and time. It's a very good game, I have playyed it for 4 hours straight with friends who wanted me to get this game, Hope by this review you will get it too! I rate it a 8/10 Because the graphics could have been a little better. But the gameplay is just fantastic!
game-hours: 47.0
review: Great game, easy to play and very fun. After playing too much it starts getting boring, maybe the multiplayer it's a great thing to try. 8/10
game-hours: 49.9
review: Great game.
game-hours: 114.5
review: A great game in almost all possible ways, a must have!
game-hours: 17.7
review: This game is just like the movie Lincoln...Really boring and goes on for ing ever.
game-hours: 38.7
review: Works well on linux!
game-hours: 50.1
review: . 10/10
game-hours: 55.2
review: To Alpha Centauri!!
game-hours: 73.7
review: The best loading-simulator game EU!
game-hours: 250.2
review: Exelent game. Very interesting.
game-hours: 299.6
review: I buy game. I like game. I love game. You do anything to my game I hate you. I hate you I invade you. You Ghandi. You nuke me. I invade you. You nuke me. Im sad. 10/5 best game
game-hours: 54.5
review: I was never a big fan of the Civilization series, but this one has made me rethink my concepts about the accoladed turn-based strategy classic.
game-hours: 54.2
review: If Ghandi approaches you and asks for a Friendship Treaty, DO NOT SIGN IT. HE WILL BACKSTAB YOU AND DESTROY YOUR HARD EARNED CITIES AND UNITS.  YOU GHANDI.
game-hours: 342.6
review: Plenty of hours killed playing this game, worth the money with or without the sale
game-hours: 0.5
review: If you Like ''Age Of Empires'' and Turn Based Games. I totally reccomend this game.
game-hours: 692.3
review: Really enjoy the game. Since you can no longer stack military units as in past Civ games you have to really think on strategy with positioning units. I've spent nearly 500 hours on the game and with what's available with the scenarios and DLC I see myself enjoying this game for many more hours to come.
game-hours: 289.7
review: Barbarians who will  you up from the start, city states needing help and .. did that MF just build a city right near me? And all hail Gandhi or else he will destroy you!
game-hours: 61.1
review: Great game!
game-hours: 170.9
review: This game will ruin your life, but it's more than worth it!
game-hours: 130.9
review: super fun and addicting strategy game 10/10
game-hours: 92.7
review: I give dis game dan/dan
game-hours: 229.2
review: great game for playing during Bill Reid's Computer Organizations class.
game-hours: 32.4
review: <3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3
game-hours: 233.4
review: Absolutely epic game. A vortex of time consumption.
game-hours: 258.4
review: Don't start this game. Your life will be gone. Have buried man years playing various version of Civilization over the years.
game-hours: 56.7
review: i can prevent forest fires. 10/10
game-hours: 289.1
review: Pure Addiction. One word of advice...when playing with civs controlled by AI, keep your eyes on Ghandi....backstabbingscumbagsonofabifkjughdkljsfghdsfkghdzfkghk
game-hours: 113.0
review: ERMERGERD IZ REEL GERRD
game-hours: 189.9
review: I once played a hot seat game with a friend starting at 10pm. 1 turn later it was 8am in the morning. Does not dissapoint
game-hours: 327.6
review: Must get DLC
game-hours: 189.7
review: Say goodbye to your life
game-hours: 275.8
review: Really good game
game-hours: 208.2
review: I'm pretty sure this is my most played game on Steam, with, as of right now, roughly 177 hours or so of gametime. That tells you something right there, as that's a lot of time to put into playing a game. In truth, this is one of my favorite strategy games, and one I have played for years now, since I first bought it on my birthday a few years ago. The fun of building a civilization and dominating all of my opponents keeps me coming back again and again. With the addition of the Steam Workshop a while back, the game got even better, and now I only play with mods. 9/10
game-hours: 269.6
review: Simply amazing
game-hours: 4.2
review: It's kinda like Civilization Revolutions for xbox 360 and ps3, only much better.
game-hours: 56.0
review: Ghandi.
game-hours: 421.9
review: Just 1 more turn is what you will say after every turn of any game of civ v. This game is very fun for you turn based strategy fans.
game-hours: 411.3
review: Mechanicly solid - Simplified/Streamlined gameplay - One More Turn Every playthough is its own adventure - granted your willing to set your own goals. Civ has always been about more than just a videogame recreation of history; its always left the player with a sense of achievement; more-so then just the players own, but rather, the grandeur of what our race has managed in such a short time. Its the sense of optimism and hope that stems from those achievements that is so special and makes any version of Civ worth at least a try.
game-hours: 40.4
review: it's good. i liek gamz. ye
game-hours: 501.0
review: Very solid experience for a wide audience! Mold your own story, play your own way, and make your own rules. On top of the already solid vanilla experience, the steam workshop truly makes this game shine brighter than it's predecessors. Don't buy this if you have no time on your hands, because you'll be itching to spend a whole weekend on it!
game-hours: 234.0
review: One of my favorite games of all time. Few games have provided the amount of single and multi player hours Civ and its expansions have.
game-hours: 169.3
review: 10/10 epic warmonger
game-hours: 110.5
review: A fun game that you will lose yourself hours if your not paying atttention.
game-hours: 845.4
review: Amazing game endless possiblities and if you get bored theres always fun mods
game-hours: 305.8
review: Amazing strategy game and even better for people who like to play with turns
game-hours: 270.6
review: Good Game
game-hours: 56.9
review: good game, u can nuke  9/11
game-hours: 286.1
review: But it (free xp)
game-hours: 110.7
review: Well to start, Civ is an amazing game even if you don't have friends to play with! The AI isn't a pushover and can be quite challenging based on your difficulty level. But playing with friends is where all the fun is at! You can build up your own empires and then take down your own friends in so many different, and strategic ways! I should warn you, the game requires a LOT of time, as each game runs for a few hours or more. Also, it is very complicated at first so don't get overwhelmed! And finally, this is a very strategic game! IT requires a lot of straetgies to take down opponents and win. But other than that, HAVE FUN!
game-hours: 82.9
review: Always addicting, I love how much more in depth this one is than Revolution. Definitely suggest buying it!
game-hours: 310.4
review: If you come from previous Civilization games you won't get dissapointed by CIV5. It might not beat CIV4, but it sure is a step beyond in the franchise worth playing and play one turn more. PD: DLC's are a scam, not because they don't add good content, but the price/content ratio is a joke.
game-hours: 46.0
review: Say you'll play it for an hour 8 hours later Well, I think thats enough for one night 10/10
game-hours: 0.4
review: pretty gud. gg
game-hours: 153.4
review: This has got to be one the most immersive games I've played. I've spent another 100+ hours outside of Steam, playing Civ 5, trying out a lot of civilisations and such, but I still come back for more. Civ 5, like it's predecessors (Civ's 1 through 4), is a turn-based strategy game where anything can happen. You can create and customise each and every town, from any of the available civilisations. With a variety of maps and playing fields, you will never have the same area twice, or the same set of enemies/allies/idiots you want to nuke, unless you set them of course. The 5 winning types bring a whole new look into how each civ has worked in the past, such as Spain, with Queen Isabella, who is great with Natural Wonders, or Japan, who likes to reck military with the religious view of Bushido. Then there's Gandhi, nobody likes Gandhi. Seriously, get out of my games. 10/10 would bang again.
game-hours: 282.9
review: Its fun
game-hours: 97.9
review: Good game. Wasted my life. Kelly come back to me.
game-hours: 410.0
review: It's a Good Game The basic game ain't much without exspanyions though
game-hours: 4.5
review: Awesome game. Highly recommended
game-hours: 98.2
review: Best strategy game I've ever played. 9/10
game-hours: 233.3
review: Addictive civilization building. Win the game before Ghandi nukes everything and dominates you with rock and roll culture.
game-hours: 125.9
review: If you wanna starve your people and have them  by barbarians, this is your game. 9/10
game-hours: 23.7
review: Brilliant game. Worth the money. Could have easier controls but otherwise it is just awesome
game-hours: 18.6
review: very easy to pick up over 9000/10
game-hours: 137.4
review: Beyond addicting.
game-hours: 287.1
review: this game is a really good game you can play it in many hours without getting bored. it is also a very good multiplayer game. you have to use your stratistic mind to win the game wich i like. so it is a really really good game. 6/6 stars
game-hours: 491.3
review: Vanilla game is good as it is, even better with DLCs. Great Community with hundreds of new mods everyday.
game-hours: 258.3
review: -Bad game engine optimization -Bad A.I. -Tech Tree is not as good as Civ 4 -Spock has a better voice -Lazy patch work -2K -Bad Civ personalities -Trend of removing game content for "DLC" for a extra overpriced amount. Like we don't know. -Denouced by all for being peaceful -Not Alpha Centauri 2 +Good graphics +Good Hud display +Raging barbies should always be checked +Fun Multiplayer options +Good background music +Moddable If you can get the complete edition for cheap I recommend it at 5 or 10 $$$
game-hours: 45.9
review: A video-game boardgame that accurately pays homage to and makes fun of real-life cultures by quite nearly replicating some of the most believeable and unbelieveable events of human history. Cautionary for the impatient, this game takes a long time to play!
game-hours: 35.5
review: Nuked by Ghandi 10/10 realism
game-hours: 10.6
review: Ghandi declared war on me. 10/10
game-hours: 481.2
review: 10/10. Ruined my life.
game-hours: 265.2
review: Turn back while you still can.
game-hours: 94.7
review: I looooove this game! Definitely get it, you'll get hours of play.
game-hours: 234.5
review: I haven't even finished a match, I just keep restarting because I have a fetish for the opening moves. 10/10 fulfills my niche desires
game-hours: 23.6
review: I bever have prefered strategy games much but Civ has drastically changed that. It gives the aspect of struggle and fun at the same time because there is so much interaction that can happen with other countries as well as there being replayability.
game-hours: 152.5
review: 1
game-hours: 165.9
review: I just can't get enough of this game. Over the course of the game, you will find yourself expanding, plotting, warring, spying, reasearching, and backstabbing your nation to glory. Civilization V is extremely addicting and it will leave you staring at your screen for hours while you try to convince yourself that you'll only play for "one more turn." Seriously, get this game. P.S Gandhi is warmongering, nuke-crazy, homicidal maniac. Watch your back.
game-hours: 102.2
review: Addicting
game-hours: 146.9
review: If you like strategy or board games, I would highly recommend this to anyone.
game-hours: 98.1
review: Civ 5 is following the steady lineage of Civ games. Brave new world + Gods&Kings packs are quite worth it due to adding a ton of new capabilities. Specialy in The Brave New World the caravan tradings can make your day.
game-hours: 154.1
review: I great strategy game that you chose the outcome of your Civilization and others. I would highly recommend this game to anybody who wants to play a strategy game.
game-hours: 184.0
review: Play as your favourite civilization through this grand strategy game. Endless fun, it's in the top 10 games for a reason. 10/10, make sure you have the latest expansions they are WELL worth it.
game-hours: 101.9
review: As a huge fan of games like Age of Empires, I figured that Civ V wouldn't be much different. I hadn't played any of the other Civ games when I jumped into Civ V, and boy did I love it. The game play is lots of fun and there is good level of strategy involved, though the difficulty is easy to control when starting the game. There are so many options and variety that it's almost impossibly for me to get bored. Most fun is the ability to play with friends. Nothing says friendship like attacking with the full force of your military! :D
game-hours: 1053.8
review: I have spent way too much time in this game and have survived the trial and error that was multiplayer. It now works, but put in place a pact to finish games you start and be cut-throat.
game-hours: 224.3
review: Amazing! Loads of fun!
game-hours: 138.3
review: highly recommended if you dont want to go outside ever again
game-hours: 1048.4
review: One of the best strategy games of all times, and the most customizable with the support of a massive player community. See the light from yon window? That's the coming dawn. I hope you don't have work this morning. ;>
game-hours: 169.5
review: I really like it. My wife and I are waiting for it to go on sale again and we plan on buying it for her to play. Also the DLC looks great too.
game-hours: 671.6
review: Very god game
game-hours: 102.9
review: It's fun.
game-hours: 304.4
review: Bought this on impulse, having never played game in this genre before. So far I have spent nearly 300 hours plying this awesome game.
game-hours: 270.7
review: Just... one... more... turn. I'm with the Civ franchiese since Civ I back in the '90. This is simply the most beautiful and easy game of the series. It's like never-ending fun, with so many different strategies and possibilities, you can be sure you won't play the same way twice. Also, many mods. Cool mods. Lots of cool mods like new civs or policies or maps or like everything. And lots of achievements. Also, POLAND CAN INTO SPACE!
game-hours: 63.1
review: It has consumed my life... 10/10!
game-hours: 55.1
review: good game.
game-hours: 146.9
review: A fabulous game that simulates perfectly how awful ghandhi is
game-hours: 440.1
review: Set a timer when you play Civ V. Too many nights I've gone in thinking, "I'll just play a couple of turns then go to bed." Four hours later I nearly crap my pants because the sun is coming up and I haven't slept.
game-hours: 149.3
review: Good for anyone who loves strategy
game-hours: 78.7
review: I have two things to say about this. 1. Nuking your friends is fun. 2. Dont trust Gandhi
game-hours: 156.2
review: Started a new game at 3 pm Monday, 1 hour later it was Wednesday....
game-hours: 95.8
review: Awsome. I got this game for my laptop and its has never disapoited me. Integrated mod tools give me the personal touch I love in a game and the DLC scinarios give me the epic flavor of an expertly developed game
game-hours: 270.9
review: This game will steal your soul.
game-hours: 35.5
review: Doing this for badge progress but Civ is amazing regardless
game-hours: 179.6
review: A really good turn based rts game. If you liked the previous civ games or age of empire/ rise of nations you'll like this.
game-hours: 20.3
review: Tremendous game, especially with the expansions. I've been a Civ fan since the original. I was initially a Civ V skeptic due to what I'd heard about the new combat model. After spending several games with it, I have to admit it's a real improvement. Armies matter more because they are relatively rare compared to past Civ games--they're resources you need to steward carefully, as they are expensive to build and you can't stack them. The core Civ mechanics are intact. Graphics and sound are superb. Absolutely a worthy iteration to the series that should make long-time fans happy. If you're new to the series, this is a great jumping-on point. The controls are explained as you go and not hard to learn. Each turn, you're told what's available for you to do or worry about, so you don't miss any critical cues. Even so, the game provides a substantial challenge with different difficulty levels and a good online experience.
game-hours: 172.4
review: For those who like to think
game-hours: 198.4
review: To tell the truth this game is just the best I have spent count less hours playing as different CIV'S and having fun with each one and would wish for every one to at least try it!
game-hours: 229.9
review: One of my favorite strategy games. Worth every penny.
game-hours: 55.1
review: good game.
game-hours: 146.9
review: A fabulous game that simulates perfectly how awful ghandhi is
game-hours: 440.1
review: Set a timer when you play Civ V. Too many nights I've gone in thinking, "I'll just play a couple of turns then go to bed." Four hours later I nearly crap my pants because the sun is coming up and I haven't slept.
game-hours: 149.3
review: Good for anyone who loves strategy
game-hours: 78.7
review: I have two things to say about this. 1. Nuking your friends is fun. 2. Dont trust Gandhi
game-hours: 156.2
review: Started a new game at 3 pm Monday, 1 hour later it was Wednesday....
game-hours: 95.8
review: Awsome. I got this game for my laptop and its has never disapoited me. Integrated mod tools give me the personal touch I love in a game and the DLC scinarios give me the epic flavor of an expertly developed game
game-hours: 270.9
review: This game will steal your soul.
game-hours: 35.5
review: Doing this for badge progress but Civ is amazing regardless
game-hours: 179.6
review: A really good turn based rts game. If you liked the previous civ games or age of empire/ rise of nations you'll like this.
game-hours: 417.0
review: Civilization 5 is an amazing strategy game with no equal. The game can be played at a leisurely pace and comfortable difficulty all the way up to a mind melting marathon pace and the extremely challenging deity difficulty. Not only are the single player games fun, challenging, and well crafted, but the online multiplayer adds a new dimension to the game with added challenges and excitement. Lastly the scenarios allow you to reenact some of historys greatest moments. 10/10.
game-hours: 101.9
review: Lots of replayability, definitely recommend this!
game-hours: 254.7
review: Pretty fun
game-hours: 55.8
review: Five seconds in, already climaxed.
game-hours: 431.0
review: Pretty much the best game ever.
game-hours: 196.7
review: This game has ruined my life, in the best possible way. This is a must have for every PC-gamer. I can sink hours upon hours into this game.
game-hours: 171.1
review: Wanted to see how France would do... In the middle of Africa?! Want to reach space? Want to create a cultural influence which makes other civilizations culture look insignificant? Or maybe your faith in the powers that be will lead you to glory? Want to do all of this and more? Go ahead, these things aren't only the greatest parts of Civilization 5, as you lead your small minute civilization to greatness. Or failure, if you are destroyed by the strongest who can stand the test of time. But never mind that, can you? The main strength of this game is the wide amount of flexibility allowed for every leader, but still keeping their image and real life legacies intact. So what if the Russia didn't actually go down the "Freedom" path, or America didn't choose "Piety" over "Rationalism?" It all adds to the way the game is smooth and easy going, whilst making sure none of the leaders are changed in any way to their real life counterparts. Overall, this game is a strong interpretation of the real world. Many games, such as the Democracy franchise, simulate the political aspects of *Modern Life*, but no game can better Civilzation V on its simulation of the development of mankind.
game-hours: 17.4
review: Continues the Civ tradition of being dangerously addictive. Fantastic game.
game-hours: 246.0
review: 4- ,     .
game-hours: 106.4
review: This game is awesome. I would recomend to all ages. Keep up the good work Civ fans!
game-hours: 230.1
review: Do not buy this game if you like having free time. It's not a game one simply picks up "for an hour or so". It is the video game equivalent of heroin: it will suck away hours of your life at a time, leaving you in a stupor afterwards, thinking only about when you can boot it up next and finally knock off that a-hole Suleiman for good. It's terrible but, it's so, so good.
game-hours: 78.1
review: Excellent, although without G&K and BNW, Civ 5 feels more like a demo.
game-hours: 102.5
review: This game sucks hours of my life 10/10
game-hours: 200.1
review: This is one of THE most addicting games ever. You don't have to like it, it just sucks you in, and refuses to let go. And it's a perfect homework game
game-hours: 111.7
review: I love this game! Its easy to approach but hard to master, its thematic, the replayability is great as you branching paths and policy trees can be varied from the very start. Striving to get the best, most successful historical civilization is truly addictive!
game-hours: 155.1
review: This game is incredible, its fun and addictive, theres soo many different civilizations avalible to pick from. The civilization i prefer to go with is Napoleon or America.
game-hours: 274.1
review: Just one more turn!
game-hours: 34.8
review: A very simplistic/deep strategy game. It's interface is extremely easy to use, but it offers enough choice to keep things interesting. It is also very well polished. All the game's leaders have their own "cutscene" whenever you talk to them in the the game, and they're well animated and bursting with personality. Everything works in the game too - I haven't found a single glitch or bug since I started playing. My only problem with the game is the lack of diplomatic options. Although the game has a decent selection, it isn't as full as you'd expect it to be. For example, you can't threaten to attack other nations unless they give you a certain resource etc. There is also a slight problem with the game's AI in a diplomatic sense, as to avoid the problem of the AI just letting you walk all over them, they've been made to be very picky over what deals they accept. This leads to some unusual situations, like a leader refusing to end a war with you unless you pay them some gold, despite them only having one city left with no troops while your massive army is waiting outside the city walls - waiting to invade them. These are minor problems in a fantastic game though. If you like the strategy games, you'll love this.
game-hours: 54.3
review: A fitting continuation of the Civilization legacy.
game-hours: 103.0
review: everybody signs open borders in the begining, only to bring 5000 troops in ur capital and to invade u *cough*bismarck*cough*that_sob*cough
game-hours: 33.5
review: Civilization has been a great franchise for a long time, and Civ V does not disappoint!
game-hours: 129.2
review: Really great recommend for everyone
game-hours: 252.5
review: Will steal you're life.
game-hours: 279.6
review: This game really makes you appreciate the remaining time you have left in your life, because this game is going to suck the rest out of you.
game-hours: 293.5
review: Play this with my friends all the time. If you're not into competetive this is a great way to waste a few hours on thinking of creative ways to beat the AI.
game-hours: 140.2
review: Must have for any strategic game fan or anybody in general. One of the best games on P.C.
game-hours: 348.3
review: If I had to tell anyone who wanted to know why they should play Civ 5, this is why. A lot of people, including me, find the game really fun, addictive and even interesting in some respects, with all of the historical content. Metacritic even gave the game a 90/100 avarage score rating for goodness sake and it's consistently one of the most top played games on Steam. Yes, some people might consider the multiplay not as good as the single player, but even then, it still has it's moments and as you are playing with people, the challenge is possibaly quite high. Finally, as AngryJoe said in his review for Civ 5, the game is more focused towards the non and casual gameing market and was made for people like me, who hadn't played a single Civ title before, as it is supposed to be more simple for non and casual gamers to play. However, this doesn't mean that the game is easy, as the game is still very challenging and with all the mods and DLC which come with Civ 5, this game is sure to make you exited on your next playthrough! If I had to rate this game out of 10, I would give it a 8/10 for the standalone game and a 9-10/10 with the Brave New World and Gods and Kings expantion packs/DLC! As of yet, this has been the most played game I've played on Steam, having played it for around 224 hours, according to Steam, and is one of, if not, my most favorite games of all time!
game-hours: 237.9
review: if u hav sweg u pray dis gayme- spoderman
game-hours: 77.6
review: dis is da best game eva so buy it!!!
game-hours: 170.1
review: One of the best co-op games around. It is very much a strategic game while being fun all at once. You get to rule an empire while attempting to crush the other ones. It's great.
game-hours: 540.3
review: One of my favorite series of all time, this game is what strategy games should look up to, it covers humanity's progress from the stone age up until their first starship to another galaxy (and Mechs!). the scope here is unparalleled. there is an argument that this version is worse than 4, and that might be true, however, there are aspects here that have improved the game overall, the AI for one, the diplomacy is much more balanced, the Hex grid adds a superior layer of strategy to the previous square one, and the fact that you cannot stack your units anymore eliminated that dreaded attack with all units tactic. I would also recommend playing this with the Brave New World expansion, which adds several elements to the game (especially social and trade) and to a lesser extent the Gods and Kings expansion that adds religion and add to both the new civs and wonders which also add a new layer of strategy. this is perhaps one of the best strategy games of all time and is highly recommended
game-hours: 368.6
review: a truly perfect turn based strategy game
game-hours: 262.3
review: Probably one of the most addictive nation-managing strategy games I have ever played. Would definately recommand to people who enjoy building empires with vast varieties.
game-hours: 413.0
review: This game is the .
game-hours: 310.0
review: La misma esencia que las anteriores entregas, pero con grficos mejorados, nuevas unidades y nuevas formas de alcanzar la victoria, lo que a su vez implica una explosin combinatoria de posibles estrategias con las que alcanzar la victoria. Un juego obligatorio si eres fan de la estrategia por turnos, con la nica pega que una vez probadas las grande expansiones (Brave New World y Gods and Kings), el juego sin stas se torna un poco limitado.
game-hours: 130.7
review: This is a really good strategy game. I bet the expansion packs make it even more epic. Somewhat challeging to learn, but there are advisors that help you along the way. Also, there is a good multiplayer option. I would totaly recommend this if you like stragety games and even if you don't, I would still recommend it.
game-hours: 50.4
review: Best civilization game I have ever played, very very addicting, and above all really fun.
game-hours: 236.5
review: Peaceful Ghandi of India. He declared global thermonuclear war on everyone. 10/10
game-hours: 120.1
review: Just can't get enough :)
game-hours: 330.9
review: Good Game. You get the most fun while playing with at least 3 friends and play them of against each other with diplomacy and nukes :P
game-hours: 932.8
review: 10/10. This game is a wonderful way to make time go by. Mod support only makes it better. Cannot wait for Beyong Earth after playing this game for so long.
game-hours: 370.2
review: Probably my favorite game of all time and has great replayability. I love the strategy involed as well as the different ways you can win the game. I highly recommend.
game-hours: 99.0
review: Game is amazing.
game-hours: 429.4
review: It's hard to go wrong with Civ, but now 2 expansions in, the game has really come into its own.
game-hours: 64.9
review: timo game mas precisa ter alta capacidade para logistica
game-hours: 314.6
review: The best time suck you can buy. Many hours have vanished while playing this game.
game-hours: 148.1
review: Civilizisi is indeed pretty sweet
game-hours: 27.8
review: bought it on sale a few years back and wasnt able to play it due to poop computer. I have sense bought a new computer and i can say i will flunk out of my classes next semester because of this game!
game-hours: 411.7
review: This is a Real time strategy on such a scale I can't even beging to compliment it. The graphics are simply amazing, wonders are well detailed. The histoical information in the civilopedia is great for light reading, and the thought put into the units was wonderful. I mean, how many people knew about turtle ships and galeasses before playing this game. Also the sense of reality in the diplomatic relationships between civs is relativly realistic. It is a challenging game, but not impossible. I like the five ways to achive victory as well. Overall 10/10 stars and I can't wait to see how their latest game Civiliation, Beyond Earth turns out!
game-hours: 522.2
review: A great game, well worth its price. After over 420 hours the game continues to offer great experiences, both in single- and multiplayer. It truly is the best strategy game being offered today and well worth your money! PS: Buy all of the expansions(G&K and BNW) for a better experience.
game-hours: 172.0
review: I try making peace of India but he nuke me. Why is india do this. I suppose to be peace. Please fix but otherwise good gaming. India make me cry at night because many nukes into capital and make me die. One time I contimplating suicide because india nuke too much. And when I vote to be ally, they nuke me because i no make city of mine to them. Very good game though 11/10 will get nuked by india again.
game-hours: 48.1
review: Don't play this late at night, or you WILL be up until 5 A.M. Trust me.
game-hours: 848.3
review: An immense amount of replayability. Any strategy fan will love this game and history buffs will most likely be interested. The only thing that may deter people is the learning curve-- which there is a mild one. I haven't played any previous Civilization games and it took maybe an hour at most outside of the tutorial to understand the deepest levels of the game. That is not to say it is simple by any measure, however. The tutorial walks you through the game and there is even a setting to change your familiarity with the game and even new expansions while you are playing outside of the tutorial in a normal game. This mechanic will be sure to easily introduce you to new game systems through a typical playthrough. I purchased this and most DLC and expansions at full price and it is completely worth it. Any discount on this game and the rest of the content is definitely a must-buy. Amazingly addicting gameplay and a unique and enthralling storyline that is written with every new game that is played. One can never be bored with a game that has a dynamic workshop supported by creative community members.
game-hours: 249.2
review: This game is my life for at least 10 hours at a time...
game-hours: 70.5
review: ONE...MORE...TURN...
game-hours: 1138.9
review: Just...one...more...turn!
game-hours: 476.2
review: The vanilla Civ V is definitely still a great game, but really only shines with the big DLC (BNW and G&K). The DLCs give Civ V the replay-ability you look for in a Civ game. So, if you can snag the whole bundle in a Steam Sale there's probably one of the best purchaes on Steam you could make.
game-hours: 29.7
review: fun
game-hours: 44.8
review: i woke up in the wrong indian villiage
game-hours: 194.1
review: really good
game-hours: 32.5
review: Be prepared to ruin friendships with this game. It is very in depth and dynamic, and can really screw you over in the long run. 8/8 m8's.
game-hours: 86.8
review: It's a fun strategy game that is not only classic but worth the large time investment.
game-hours: 113.5
review: If this game were a man I would go gay and have anal sex with it.
game-hours: 41.5
review: you get to be Ghandi with the great wall of China and Angkor Wat with enough troops to invade/ take over the world. Realism at it's finest 11/10
game-hours: 594.4
review: Really addictive game that will keep you up until the very early hours of the morning. At which point, you will promise yourself that this will be the last turn before bed, but you contiune until the Sun pops up from over the horizon and there isn't any point in going to sleep anymore.
game-hours: 162.5
review: I was weary of it in the beginning comming from the 3rd one (not counting the 4th) but thet definitelly delivered! The gameplay is spectacular! You just need to know you will sink a lot of hours in this - many many hours xD
game-hours: 128.6
review: Good game 10/10 can screw over friends by taking their workers.
game-hours: 263.4
review: This game will take over your life
game-hours: 231.9
review: got got got
game-hours: 48.3
review: It's wonderful if you want to sit down for a quick 10 hour match
game-hours: 90.2
review: this game is amazing, buy it. its on sale right now just buy it now. p.s. get the compleete edition its way better
game-hours: 28.7
review: dis gud game u cen pley hitler mod and choose juice as ur religionz. 11/10 would pley with PvPenguin again
game-hours: 45.0
review: good
game-hours: 218.7
review: Game is a lot of fun but the games take around 10+ hours to complete so only buy if your interested in putting that much time into a game.
game-hours: 53.1
review: great game
game-hours: 128.4
review: Why don't you have this game yet?
game-hours: 281.7
review: Great for those who can stay focused for the long haul
game-hours: 470.2
review: Civilization V is one of the best turn-based strategy games I've ever had the pleasure of playing. Whether teaming up with my friends for some multiplayer, or simply losing a whole night of sleep to the game's endlessly replayable single player, this is one game that any strategy enthusiast should play.
game-hours: 305.5
review: Many hours spent on this great game
game-hours: 596.8
review: very good game that i recomend for gamers it is a game about history
game-hours: 30.4
review: This game is one of the coolest strategies.
game-hours: 9.2
review: Ghandi is a  in this game.
game-hours: 35.3
review: Fantastic fun, you could spend hours playing it. Inituive gameplay and tutorials to help you get started. The addition of famouse historical leaders also enhance the fun. At the moment I'm trying to recreate the great British Empire! I highly reccommend !
game-hours: 333.6
review: Pretty good game, and the DLC'S are a must in my opinion. It got a little boring, but I kept getting back into it, lots of things to do, and different ways to play. Especially fun with friends!
game-hours: 136.3
review: A super intense enjoyable strategy game. Don't even think for a second just buy this game immediatley!!!
game-hours: 45.2
review: best game I ever played, I used most hours playing this than any other.
game-hours: 679.2
review: Its all about the pawns!
game-hours: 102.0
review: This game should be rated 18+, it is way too addictive. 10/10
game-hours: 571.7
review: Civilizaion V is probably one of the best TBS game I ever played. The addition of Gods and Kings and Brave New World makes the game better and adds many features. Civilization V is a 10 out of 10.
game-hours: 46.9
review: Really nice game, could play for hours. Graphics are nice, learn a bit of sketchy history while you play. Has a multiplayer version which is great but after playing for a couple hours the games sometimes break and go out of sync and start crashing.
game-hours: 43.4
review: Hi, my name is raisin and I'm addicted to Civ V.
game-hours: 157.2
review: BUY THIS GAME!!! IT IS AMAZING!!!
game-hours: 120.1
review: gr8 m8
game-hours: 49.7
review: I was the leader of a peaceful, prosperous empire. We had a small military dedicated to only fighting off barbarians and we tried to stay on good terms with all, helping those who needed help with a small piece of our treasuries. Then one day our Egyptian allies declared war on us. We fought bravely and despite heavy losses we managed to fend them off.Meanwhile, our American neighbors were growing more and more dangerous. Rumors were circulating that George Washington was planning to "introduce democracy" to our vast supply of natural resources and building a city in the middle of one of our main roads. War was inevitable, and we sent an artist to "culture bomb" the border with them alongside our greatest soldiers. The Americans immediately responded, sending in soldiers armed with advanced weapons that my science advisor calls "firearms". My men fought bravely and managed to raze the troublesome city, but they were no match for the minutemen. They destroyed our greatest armies and layed siege to our capital Moscow. Then the egyptians declared war...again. This is when we realized that the Egyptians were an obvious threat to world peace. Attacking allies? What ever happened to declarations of friendship? This time the Egyptians were prepared and they cut through our defenses like a knife through butter, seizing one of our colonies. We requested assistance from another close ally, the English. All we got was a letter saying "No. Absolutely not". The egyptians were unstoppable, taking all of our colonies until reaching the ocean. The concept of having to send an army by sea was incomprehensible to Egyptians, and they stopped. (never officially making a peace treaty. I write this because I fear my days as the leader of the Russian Empire are numbered. My men have managed to fight off the Americans so far, but for every minutemen squad we kill 5 take its place Our "allies" have refused to help us despite all we have done for them in the past. We have attempted to conduct diplomacy with Washington but he refuses to make peace. My people grow restless. If the Americans don't overthrow me they will.
game-hours: 207.5
review: Yup, lost many hours with this game! Will be losing many more, too.
game-hours: 49.0
review: Great game highly recomend it. Be aware that you will be adicted
game-hours: 439.8
review: This game is the .
game-hours: 1198.7
review: Worth buying at any price!
game-hours: 630.9
review: For those who like strategy games. Offers singleplayer and multiplayer. Turn based but can be simultaneous actions for each turn. Highly recommended.
game-hours: 75.4
review: This is a very good game
game-hours: 104.7
review: Fantastic game and very addictive howerver, Civilization V is too expensive on Steam. Bring down the price a bit. Price's range from just 7.50 up to 15 on various other sites. (jungle).
game-hours: 122.8
review: Just ewww
game-hours: 683.1
review: Definitely not a game you should start up when you have something important scheduled. You know, like... sleeping or eating. The "just one more turn" syndrome will keep ordinary things like these well out of your mind. Try the marathon mode if you dare... The multiplayer mode used to be bit wonky but it pretty stable after the last patches. Definitely get both expansions for the best experience (the Complete Edition is usually up for 10 bucks during the Steam sales).
game-hours: 35.9
review: Kind of slow to get into but once you start a game with a few friends, it's very hard to get out of XD i highly recommend this game!
game-hours: 529.6
review: An excellent strategy series got even better with V's hex based maps that allow for some fun military tactics. This is the best civilization yet, as you no longer have to put together unrealistic stacks of doom all on one tile to take an enemy city. There is no one right way to play the game and after almost 500 hours I still find ways to sequence differently and change my playstyle. You can be an aggressive military powerhouse, a prosperous economic nation, a cultured nation, or even a religious one. With many routes to victory, you won't get tired of doing the same thing over and over. The base game has lots of unique leader bonuses, unique civilization units and buildings to explore, and the expansions add even more. I'd strongly recommend getting both expansions to the game as they add so much that is indispensible to the main experience. It's a game that you'll lose track of time, and 1 am will suddenly become 3 am when you promised yourself to quit after one more turn twenty turns ago.
game-hours: 93.5
review: An extremly addictive game.
game-hours: 146.9
review: ing awesome
game-hours: 94.0
review: My favourite game of this genre, I can play for hours on end and when I'm finished with one game I can jump straight into another without getting bored. The gameplay is amazing and your experience can differ every time based on the civilization you choose and the ending you try to achieve. Civilization V - 8/10
game-hours: 10.3
review: I have been a huge Sid Meier's fan ever since Civ 2 and I love the Civilization Series, you can really get bored of ir and you can make your own Nations and Armies and attack others, control currency, build education, resources and much more. Very well made game. The only thing that grinds my gears when it comes it Sid Meiers is that the DLC cost so much money. The Gods and Kings DLC is $29.99 which is the cost of the whole Civilization V game itself.
game-hours: 43.2
review: 10/10 This startagy makes me boner
game-hours: 114.7
review: Awesome game and content and mods
game-hours: 43.4
review: Dis be gewd
game-hours: 33.7
review: Great game. It really does give you a good way to spend your time. Easy to pick up and fun to master, Civ V is the best Civilization to date!
game-hours: 247.5
review: bretty gud
game-hours: 26.2
review: Civilization 5 or how i like to call it Civ 5 is one of the best strategy games I have played like The Total War franchise this was just amazing and addictive what more to say other then this game should be on your wishlist or shopping cart.
game-hours: 136.2
review: Hello I am a fan of games such as Civ Games and Age Of Empires etc etc... and I can say for sure this is a good game. I have played it for about 100+ hours, not much for some people but for me it is. At first I experienced some problems with the multiplayer but I think they fixed the problems that could ruin the experience. Buy the vanilla Civ V and then buy the Brave New World if u don't mind not getting some civilizations but if u have the money just buy the Gold Edition. Well that's it, that's one of my first reviews, plz don't kill me. And sorry if I misspelled something, I am Portuguese... Thank You.
game-hours: 60.3
review: yes
game-hours: 171.1
review: sort of hectic
game-hours: 89.0
review: What do you get when you combine modern international world elements, Sid Meir, and a game? You get Civilization! One of the best strategy games I have ever played! You start as a nomadic tribe of any country of your choosing. (This means you can rule the world as the ancient Mayans in 2100 by the way. :P) But soon, you settle and make a city, using the nearby resources. While gathering these resources, you can make a scout to look around the land, or a warrior to protect yourself from barbarians. As the game progresses, so does the time and the civilizations. You go from a small tribe, to a cozy hamlet, to a thriving town, to a bustling city! your military go from sword and shield, to longswords and armor, to cannons and musket, to tanks and modern weapons, to mechanized troops and nuclear bombs. While this short review may not cover a large portion of the game, I would still recommend it to anyone who enjoys long sessions of strategizing and planning.
game-hours: 1412.5
review: I have been playing Civilization since Civ 1. This is by far the best part of the series. Though the series is slightly addictive, can not count how many thousand hours i put into it. Best of all, now available for Linux !
game-hours: 161.8
review: 10/10
game-hours: 34.6
review: Great game, even for people who don't usually like strategy games (I was one of them). Lots of hours of play, so be ready to sink in some serious time if you decide to get this.
game-hours: 74.2
review: Never Trust An AZTEC!!!
game-hours: 101.3
review: Great game
game-hours: 160.1
review: Great game, best Civ yet. But still not as good as Alpha Centauri
game-hours: 199.2
review: Its a very good game. Time consumer yes. Can take a whole weekend on a single game. Not the best when playing only against AI opponents, religion is kind a dumb system if compared to CiV IV, also why no technology trading? Still I recommend this game.
game-hours: 413.4
review: If the sqrt(-1) doesn't exist then this is my favorite game.
game-hours: 8.8
review: Easily one of the most accessable games I have played, a lot of fun and before you know it several hrs have passed before you even realize it.
game-hours: 48.7
review: Holy crap this is fun Archers op 10/10 would nuke everyone again
game-hours: 550.2
review: Great game but you need lots of time and all the expansions. I'm a big fan of the Civ series and have spent countless hours on the past games.
game-hours: 106.9
review: I love it. I love it. I love it. Thank you for making this game. 10/10 makes me wanna go out and command people to move a tile forward
game-hours: 65.4
review: Played for 8 hours aiming for a diplomatic victory only to have gandhi nuke my capital...12/10 would buy again
game-hours: 253.8
review: Great visuals and fun game. Not as difficult to understand as predecessors but still lots of fun.
game-hours: 922.1
review: I'm a long time lover of strategy games, but I'm new to the Civ franchise. I picked up the complete edition so my first experience was the whole package at once. The game was easy to pick up, and aesthetically pleasing. From the opening cut scene I felt I was watching a documentary. It does a great job of making the history of humanity feel more epic. I was staggered by the number and variety of civilizations to pick and use. Recently I moved up in difficulty to the level which the general public would consider "normal" (the in game definition of normal is rather easy in favor of the human players). I find a great challenge and really enjoy building a narrative out of every random mission. The modding world is amazing! From convenience mods to full conversion mods and everything in between, there is something for everybody. If you find yourself burning out and wishing for a little spark to keep you interested of months of playing: definitely check out the workshop content. Flaws? Well, once you are learned in the game the difficulty needs to be ramped up quite a bit just to give the AI a chance. And harder AI difficulty doesn't make them "smarter", it just gives them an early lead. So a high level game is more of an uphill battle rather than a game against a more ruthless opponent. I recommend this game, and to get the complete package as the expansions to contribute to the whole experience. I am happy I finally began enjoying the franchise.
game-hours: 236.2
review: Fun in depth game. If you dont like turned based games then this isnt for you. The DLCs expand the game alot and add alot more to it. You will learn to hate the world congress if you do not own it. And no matter what you do on the higher dificulties like imortal and diety, you will struggle. But you will go out with a bang. Or you play lower level and are equal to everyone. Or basic and destroy everyone
game-hours: 87.6
review: Damn it Rivalz civilization! When I snap you are going to be the first to go!
game-hours: 232.3
review: Endless hours of entertainment right here.
game-hours: 31.5
review: Awesome game. :D
game-hours: 22.2
review: Spent lots of time on this and love it!
game-hours: 358.3
review: A few significant strategical deficiencies exist in the Base version of Civ V. The game is genuinely unbalanced without both the brave new world and gods and kings expansion packs. If you can get the whole Civ V package for a reasonable price, go for it, but i do not recommend purchasing the base game by itself.
game-hours: 617.1
review: Ghandi + nukes
game-hours: 146.2
review: This is one of the best strategy war games I have ever played. Love the Brave New world DLC adds lots of needed features to the game. Boudica ftw.
game-hours: 80.3
review: This game is beyond amazing. I'm not really into strategy games myself, but this game changed that completely. I would totally recommend this to anyone, regardless of if they're into strategy games.
game-hours: 243.6
review: wonderful
game-hours: 39.5
review: Songhai and India cannot be trusted. You have been warned.
game-hours: 29.1
review: Such a great time waster, I can get sucked in for hours without even realizing it.
game-hours: 88.6
review: Easy to learn, but hard to master. This game is easily the BEST turn based strategy game to this day. With many steam sales putting Civ on sale (due to it being slightly old), it makes it an even easier purchase. With capability with the workshop and plenty of DLCs, you can't really run out of things to do.
game-hours: 183.6
review: GOD FLIPPITY HOO DAMN THIS GAME IS A CRACKER JACK OF A BLUE HORSE GOD DAMN YOU SHOUD GOT GET THIS HOO DAMN IT IS HOO BOY OH BOY NEVER HAVE I HOO BOY
game-hours: 48.0
review: Civ 5 is truely a great game. With the way you must think of where to place cities and what to build as well as making sure other civs are not mad. Must pick up and try!
game-hours: 244.8
review: yes
game-hours: 254.3
review: strategy on it's best
game-hours: 436.9
review: Civilization V is one of the best turn-based strategy games I have ever played. It has endless replay potential, as every map is randomly generated (except the Earth map) and no game turns out the same way. Each nation has their own play style and advantages that can be used to reign down fire upon your enemies or line your pockets with gold. You can customize your policies to better accomodate your play style, say if you want to dominate the world with an iron fist, be the most technologically advanced society, be an economic superpower, and many more. My roommate and I enjoy estabishing an allegiance together and we create two superpowers to rival the oppressive force of the nation led by the bloodthirsty, ruthless warmongerer, Ghandi. He will not think twice about pressing the launch button on his ICBMs that are aimed toward your cities. Keep that in mind if you decide to spare him. It is entirely worth the money if you decide to get it. I highly recommend getting the complete edition, which contains all the DLC and map packs. They add so much to the game that it creates an incredible amount of opportunities and improvements that make it that much better.
game-hours: 55.3
review: 10/10 would bang
game-hours: 96.4
review: Fun for multiplayer!
game-hours: 435.7
review: This game is ing fabulous. Highly recommended. The Gods & Kings and Brave New World expansion packs are a must have.
game-hours: 133.9
review: SOOOOOO addicting
game-hours: 146.0
review: swiggity swooty do u got the booty?
game-hours: 991.2
review: Love this game.
game-hours: 352.5
review: One of the best games I've ever played! Highly recommended,
game-hours: 17.5
review: You can make the little people find bananas and elephants
game-hours: 34.2
review: Seems legit. made me forget a few times that i had this thing called work in the morning...
game-hours: 162.5
review: You cant go wrong with Civ. Cant wait for Beyond Earth to drop! Hurry up Sid!!!!
game-hours: 111.3
review: it is awesome
game-hours: 56.8
review: I was forced to buy this game ok
game-hours: 118.7
review: One of the best strategy game on the market
game-hours: 31.3
review: This game is as addictive as chocolate to a fat kid. You can play for hours on end without knowing time has even passed. It just feels good when you can completely destroy another civ after a hundred turn war. It is a long game with massive replayability. I can't play this enough. <3
game-hours: 98.6
review: This game is pretty good, ya know? I've played it quite a bit and I continue to have fun playing it. Games. Games. Review.
game-hours: 57.8
review: just. one. more. turn.
game-hours: 433.9
review: Bismarck is worse than Gandhi, don't trust him or he will "Redefine your friendship".
game-hours: 78.8
review: it is good, but on mac it really needs mod support. aspyer, please put your act together, otherwise it is a great game
game-hours: 321.4
review: What a game, hugely reccomended to people who are interested in historical games, for me its like the Total War Series but you can start from the beginning, and that's what I enjoy, manipulating technology! But warning Gandhi.
game-hours: 36.2
review: I may be slightly addicted. So much to do! Love how in depth this game is. I am engrossed from the moment I load a game :)
game-hours: 162.4
review: This game can either build friendships or tear them apart.
game-hours: 10.8
review: I played this game for a little while and i loved it. There is a lot of strategic gameplay and several different ways to win and many foes to face on your adventures.
game-hours: 98.4
review: 10/10
game-hours: 195.7
review: Great game
game-hours: 183.4
review: do you want a really addictive turn based game? well buy this game and you play it... alot
game-hours: 58.0
review: Great game
game-hours: 139.0
review: If you don't already have this game pick it up! G&K and BNW recommended.
game-hours: 84.9
review: Don't trust ghandi's lies !! Prick
game-hours: 45.2
review: This is good, you should all buy it. Be sure to get the expansions, they add quite a bit.
game-hours: 48.7
review: This game is incredibly addicting for many reasons. It offers many of the features found in a masterfully designed strategy game, or just any game in general. The difficulty, the multiple ways to win, and the informative tutorial and instruction with little to no hand-holding, and of course legitimate multiplayer. First, in difficulty there are FIVE difficulty levels (I may be wrong but there are at least 5). For the three that I have played (Lowest, Middle, and Highest) I can confirm that they all offer unique experiences and don't just tweak simple stats like increasing enemy speed or strength, it actually changes the artificial intelligence of the game to make the CPU opponents smarter instead of harder. Next, the informative tutorial is litterally an entire dictionary's worth of instruction for each individual thing, brought to you at appropriate times at a player defined rate. It doesn't force you to do anything, it just provides useful insight on gameplay to teach new players how to play and teach experienced players new tricks. Also, there are many ways to win offering the player to journey of on his or her own path. I believe there are 5 or more equally difficult ways to achieve difficulty, offering tons of replayability trying to achieve each goal at least once, and then trying to achieve those goals again at a higher difficulty and so on. Finally, it offers LEGITAMITE, NOT THROWN IN FOR MARKETING(*cough* Assassin's Creed *cough*) multiplayer. Let me tell you, it is so much fun to team up and battle against your friends! Its almost a game in its own. Instead of going into detail, who doesn't want to create your own civilization from a pack of settlers with a buddy or two or ten? Enough said. In conclusion BUY THIS GAME! Seriously you won't regret it the only hidden cost is hours of your time.
game-hours: 32.8
review: You can be Ghandie the warlord. 10/10
game-hours: 161.0
review: Great game. With the expansions there are many different Civilizations to play as.
game-hours: 374.2
review: One of the best single players games out there. once you get some friends to play with you it is 10 times better, but it's still amazing either way.
game-hours: 116.2
review: This game is so fun! I recommend all of the DLC. They completely change the game by adding a ton of new stuff that will make your experience even better. There are many civilizations to choose from and they all have their unique perks. You can spend hours on this game without realizing it. 10/10 would play forever and ever.
game-hours: 73.3
review: Civ V is a crack cocaine simulator. I purchased Civ V through the Gods and Kings expansion during some Steam sale last year. I decided that it was finally time to give it a whirl. 30 hours later I am a pale, emaciated version of the man I once was. Civ V follows the classic turn-based strategic gameplay associated with board games like risk. You take actions then your opponent(s) do, repeat until winning conditions are met. This one takes place on one of several large topographic maps, where you get to take on the persona of some famous world leader from history starting at about 4000BC then lead your civilization through history to modern times. You compete with a number of other civilizations and many small city-states for resources. There are a number of win conditions, not just wiping out all the civs; you can win through science, diplomacy, cultural influence, or just by getting the highest combined score by the time you reach the year 2050, or 500 turns. The game starts out rather simple, with a settler and warrior unit on a small piece of the map. You found a city with your settler and go from there. What begins is an incredibly complex and rewarding journey as you advance through the ages and your empire begins to develop a life of its own. To manage the complexity the game privides tool tips, advisors, information panels and wikis. You are given short and long term goals to accomplish. Every turn, there is usually some new or interesting development. As you meet new civilizations, they will change the dynamic of the game by influencing other players or city-states for resources and support. It truly feels like a world stage. There honestly are not a lot of negatives I can think of for Civ V. The late game in Gods and Kings does feel a bit grindy... however I understand that has been addressed in "Brave New World" which I plan to purchase shortly. If you are considering this title, definitely get the complete edition when it goes on sale. 10/10
game-hours: 98.0
review: After 2 expansions, and almost 100 hours of playtime, I can recommend Civ V, but I also warn against it. Not since the original Civilization has a strategy game consumed me such as this. I fear later this year when Beyond Earth releases.
game-hours: 203.2
review: Good game with lots of dlc and content , very fun to play with friends.
game-hours: 203.4
review: It will consume your life and you will be glad it did.
game-hours: 51.7
review: Seriously? Why do you NOT have this game?!
game-hours: 42.6
review: Great game that can have you playing for hours upon hours without realizing how long you've been playing. Every time you play its a different situation and you have to be able to adapt to your surroundings. Each time you play you'll have a different start and you need to know when to expand or when to build an army. The Vanilla version of the game can get pretty boring pretty fast - its all that I own atm. The multiplayer mode is what makes this game even better because you can play a game with friends and you can continue whenever you want. Each civilization has its own special units/special buildings/ or special ability. Its up to you as the player to utilize your civs strong points and use them to reach one of the possible victories. From the time ive played its hard to get a diplomatic victory on Vanilla. Ive heard good things about Brave New World but no need to buy it since Civ Beyond Earth is coming out. The game can be addicting but the Vanilla gets boring after a while unless you play online. All in all 9/10 Would Recommend.
game-hours: 1087.0
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V is the latest entry in the long-running Civilization franchise; as such, it continues its tradition of turn-based strategy through building a civilization and competing among other civilizations to achieve one of several conditions for victory. Starting with one or more settlers (depending on which era you choose to start in), the basic tasks are to manage your cities, which are the main hubs of your civilization, and to progress in technology, culture, etc. Diplomacy with other civilizations and city-states is beneficial for your civilization, military units must be maintained to prevent or start a war against another civilization, and wonders can be built to give your empire a unique edge. There's so much flexibility and gameplay in this game that I can't cover everything that it has to offer; it's better to play it to acquire a good understanding of it, and the tutorials and first game help guide you in doing so. Despite how deep this game is, I found it to be surprisingly accessible the first time I played it. I can't speak for the multiplayer as much since I stick to the turn-based hotseat multiplayer mode, but it works fairly well from my experience. The Gods & Kings and Brave New World expansions enhance the early and late game features respectively (the latter also changes the Cultural Victory and how most of your gold is earned), and are definitely worth having. There are also numerous mods available in the Steam Workshop and on the CivFanatics forum that are worth checking out, ranging from maps to civilizations to full-fledged mods that overhaul the entire game. Sid Meier's Civilization V is one of the finest turn-based strategy games I've ever played, and it's well worth putting the time and effort into it; just remember to take breaks every now and then!
game-hours: 258.0
review: Civilization is the only game i have been able to pick up and play at random times and then continue to play for days.
game-hours: 64.5
review: I am more of a multiplayer kinda guy, with that said i fould this game very entertaining and fun with freinds. there are a few bugs with the base game though. such as when you send a trade offer to another human player, they cam modify the trade in their favor.still very fun with trustworthy freinds ; )
game-hours: 31.4
review: Never trust Gandhi, that  has nuked me way too many times.
game-hours: 241.5
review: Although sometimes it may be a bit slow at times, it is incredibly fun alone or with friends.
game-hours: 331.3
review: A great game! Don't listen to anybody else, it is a great game!!!!
game-hours: 143.8
review: Whatever you do, don't let Ghandi get to the atomic age.
game-hours: 159.9
review: This game is a version of monopoly, only instead of taking your friends money and watching the light drain from their eyes you are taking everything they have spent hours creating(probably by force) and laughing as they cry and break their computer.
game-hours: 94.7
review: An awesome empire game
game-hours: 741.4
review: quite possible one of the most addicting games,
game-hours: 136.6
review: Probably the best of the Civ games. Probably.
game-hours: 135.0
review: If you are new to Civ like I was at first this game can seem a little overwhelming due to the vast amount of content offered. However after a few hours of gameplay you can expect to be navigating the overlays and maps like a pro. This game is non-stop fun and super addictive, I often find myself playing for hours and hours even after I say to myself that im going to play only one more turn and save. Highly recommend this game to anyone who is interested in turn based strategy games. Game also has steam workshop which adds to replay value.
game-hours: 247.6
review: I played over 200 hours of this game... I don't think there's something more relevant then this for a review!!!
game-hours: 347.9
review: Great strat game. Not a lot differnet then civ 4, but still enough to warrent a buy.
game-hours: 96.6
review: If you are into stragety games, this is the game for you Really fun betraying your friends, and then crushing them >:)
game-hours: 24.1
review: 10/10
game-hours: 60.9
review: Fantastic game, cloud storage is an awesome feature if you like me often re-format your computer forgetting that you have saved games :L By it and you won't regret it.
game-hours: 407.4
review: Must Own! We all need to play together and run the WORLD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 146.7
review: There is nothing as satisfying as that " all yall" moment when every nation combined couldn't stop you if they tried, whether its through military might or about to launch into space or achieve cultural dominance, it really is a great feeling. Nukes for everyone, its like I'm Oprah.
game-hours: 61.5
review: YESS, great way to start out on Overworld games!
game-hours: 174.4
review: America Destroyed Denmark in thermonuclear warfare 10/10
game-hours: 654.8
review: its fukn sick m8
game-hours: 129.3
review: There are so many different ways you can play this game and do well. Each separate Civilization has a handful of different strategies that can get you the lead, and you can echoes to ignore them all and play with your own style entirely.
game-hours: 32.8
review: I created masochism Best game 2050 1.5/10 wood bang
game-hours: 201.5
review: A great way to lose seven hours without realising it. If you're going to play this game, be prepared to lose track of time very easily.
game-hours: 277.5
review: Before I continue, The Vanillia game is little more then a demo for the real game. This game is only worth playing with all the major expansion packs, "Gods and Kings" + "Brave New World". Unless you can get all 3, dont bother. This is because religion, espionage, trade routes, a world congress, tourism, great works, and 18 new Civs are added with theses expansions. Without these two expansions there is no economy, religion, nothing to do but grind tech and build military units, which is boring. The Vanillia game is little more then a demo for the real game. Having beaten this game on all it's difficulties I can for sure say, Civ 5 has put me through my paces. WIth the full game there are limitless hours of civ/world/difficulty combos that can be further tweaked with advanced setup. The game doesnt really cheat hard until the last difficulty, which is better than most games because there are a total of 8 difficulties with 5, 6, and 7 being hard but not impossible. If you play this game on windows then the game is worth double its money because civ5 has one of the best modding communities on the steam workshop. Thousands of mods to change the mechanics of the game along with thousands of new civs with just as good if not better quality of the vanilla ones. This game is a staple in the strategy community and is the best civ yet: you manage economy as well as city building and commanding armies. Pretty much the same as civ4 with better graphics and a revamped community through steam workshop. If you like strategy then give this game a try.
game-hours: 534.4
review: Phenomenal, honestly. If you're a fan of 4x, poltics, management or strategy games this is truly a staple. Customization, replayability and incredibly addicting gameplay keep people playing this for hundreds and thousands of hours. The game has one major flaw, and that's if you get the base game with no expansions, packs or DLC then it can feel empy, which is a flaw. Though, at this point with all the bundle sales if you can get anything along with it it feels fleshed out and is probably one of the best games on the market for your money considering how many hours of gameplay it gives.
game-hours: 82.1
review: This game is off the hizzy.
game-hours: 118.5
review: I can spend years playing this game! Fun solo player, and fun with friends :D A great way to DESTrOY YOuR FrIENDS EGOS!!!!!
game-hours: 58.3
review: Provides hours of entertainment. Some games can last days, but it's always fun playing as a civilization you like, versus those you don't. Almost like making up your own history.
game-hours: 163.5
review: This was the first Civ I've ever play. It is a lot better than I thought it would be. I give it my stamp of approval.
game-hours: 93.7
review: Play Gandhi + build lots of cities = Easy game
game-hours: 200.4
review: 45 hours into this game and watched a 117 part playlist of it... this game is a must buy.
game-hours: 191.3
review: Civilization V. This game is truly amazing and deserving of the title PC Game of the year. The base game in itself is a massive title with loads of replay value. The additions to the series are truly noticable and they all play out perfect. The policy trees are something can be very helpful if taken advantage of properly. The use and importance of city-states is something that wasn't seen before and they only get better in the Brave New World expansion. The introduction of Relgion is Gods and Kings is also a great mechanic for working with City-States and other Civs. Combat is something that was really impressed me. Its in depth with many factors practically in every single tile and with the abilities that you gain leveling up your units or the unqiue ablites/units that come with a certain Civ. Speaking of the Civilizations.....the choices of the Leaders you have is plentiful to say the least. It has something for everybody. A must purchase title for any gamer who enjoys RTS, Strategy, and Turn-Based. Really just if you like video games buy this one. If you want a rating....5/5, 9.8/10, two Thumbs up, 99/100, and just damn amazing guys.
game-hours: 81.9
review: This game isn't bad. It also isn't good. Buy it if you've played the other Civs and need a fix. If you're just getting into the franchise, wait for the next one.
game-hours: 411.3
review: The best waste of time ever devised 10/10. probably one of the few must have games on steam it runs on practicaly any machine and has some of the most addictive stratagy that never gets old. Even if you are not usualy a stratagy fan this game is for everyone becuase of its simple nature and easy to get to grips with systems. This game is best enjoyed with a low paced netflix series for maximum enjoyment and time wasting.
game-hours: 58.9
review: A truly excellent turn-based strategy game. Just be careful not to get sucked in- it's addictive, and games tend to last several hours each.
game-hours: 25.9
review: Awesome.
game-hours: 477.0
review: Fun game to play alone or with friends. Few improvements needed for the AI when playing against computers but still, I played many exciting hours. Multiplayer is a bit tricky as one game can last many/many/many hours. All players have to be available at the same time. I recommand this game. You can start playing alone but then play with friends and your alliance will give the game a new dimension.
game-hours: 114.8
review: This game is tight as hell.
game-hours: 209.3
review: Great game, I have played over 110 hours and it never gets old!
game-hours: 1060.1
review: 1000 hours, no regrets
game-hours: 34.3
review: very good game
game-hours: 3.3
review: Gud game.
game-hours: 27.1
review: Civilization V is like if Risk and a Tycoon had a baby. No I have no idea what I'm talking about. Just play it
game-hours: 496.8
review: What can I say about this game? If you've ever played previous iterations of this game (I started with Civilization II), then you're probably already addicted and own it. For newcomers, I think Firaxis have done an amazing job simplifying the UI and providing useful prompts for new mechanics as they appear, so this is a great version to start with. Even with the simplifications, all the depth you'd expect from this game is still there and you can expose it easily (the city management screen for example). With the Gods & Kings and Brave New World DLC, Firaxis have made what I think is by far the most entertaining Civilization yet! So, to summarise: buy this game if you have any love for strategy and a w streak. Just be prepared to lose entire days to it.
game-hours: 194.8
review: This is a game you can easily lose a day too. 4x games always look incredibly boring too watch but once you start playing one you just can't stop. Gods and Kings and Brave New World are pretty much required too get as the base game was a little too basic. The five different victroy types make finding new strategy's all the more fun.
game-hours: 183.7
review: its great
game-hours: 406.5
review: good
game-hours: 169.3
review: I whole heartedly love this game the first day i got it i spent the whole day with my friend playing it. Stayed up till 6 a.m. This game is one of my top 10 its easy to pick up and play .The games are long but you can change settings to make it shorter this games makes me feel like the creator had the consumer in mind while creating this game 9/10
game-hours: 11.0
review: buy naowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
game-hours: 375.0
review: Awesome game
game-hours: 262.8
review: I really enjoy the coop of this game. My brother and I play as often as we can.
game-hours: 66.7
review: i dont understand how this game can be one of the most popular strategy games... its S-H-I-T... im not kidding, awful hexagone-style gameplay, didnt like it AT ALL, but i have to admit that in the beginning when i first tried it out, i liked the diplomacy aspect of the game... the rest.. no so much
game-hours: 148.8
review: 11 hour game of domination to conquer the world, ended up losing a 1v1 against Gandhi because he had an army of giant death robots. 11/10
game-hours: 29.9
review: An improvement over previous Civ games, and twice as addictive
game-hours: 53.4
review: Great turn based strategy. Very addictive with a lot of depth. A lot of replay value.
game-hours: 52.2
review: JUST ONE MORE TURN you yell at 3 am after playing for 5 hours straight on the same game
game-hours: 743.6
review: At first Civ V was pretty rocky. There were a lot of problems with the initial release in terms of game balance and fun. However, I remembered full well the release of the original Civ III and Civ IV games, and the same was true for their vanilla versions. Both were made immensely more-playable by their subsequent expansions. The same is true for Civ V. With patches and expansions, it has grown into an addictive gaming experience worthy of the Civilization franchise. Almost all of the new game mechanics are winners, from hexagonal tiles to social policies to the culture system... Almost, I say. The big, huge, massive flaw of this game is irrepairable, and that is the 1 Unit per Tile restriction. While I've no problem with implementing some sort of restrictions to limit Stacks of Doom and massive unit spam, the 1UPT system is ultimately the wrong way to do it. Turning 1000-mile stretches of the map into tactical battlefields might be fun for the Panzer General crowd, but it slows the game down and leads to unpleasant unit shuffling. It also doesn't make much sense that Bronze Age archers can fling arrows over hundreds of miles of terrain. If you want a tactical battle system in Civ, then adopt the Imperialism mechanic of switching to turn-based battles on localized battlefield maps instead of having them on the main map. Forcing players to move countless units around the map just makes multi-player tedious as you wait for your opponents to move and move and move... But honestly, even with 1UPT, Civ V is excellent. It has grown to supplant Civ IV as my strategy game of choice these days, which is saying something.
game-hours: 947.0
review: Love
game-hours: 21.8
review: I think I may have just found a game to replace TF2...
game-hours: 82.4
review: this game is the game that will make you late to work if you play it. right now i'm still getting used to it, will update review later, but right now, 100% worth getting it!
game-hours: 248.5
review: I am reviewing this game. You should purchase this game should you possess the required funds.
game-hours: 361.6
review: One of the biggest time sinks I've ever had the fortune/misfortune of meeting, Sid Meier's Civilization V is a symphony of strategic awesome as you go up against some great names in history and establish your people. This game is great vanilla, but you enter a whole other level of awesome with the 'Gods and Kings' and 'Brave New World' expansions. History buffs, strategy fans, and just gamers in general will treasure this game.
game-hours: 45.0
review: This game Destroyed many Friendships of mine .... but exploding nukes are so pretty *_*
game-hours: 142.2
review: An awesome game with loads of possibilities. It also works excellent on my MBP mid 2012.
game-hours: 61.7
review: Awesome Game, very fun and in depth. Also gives free trading cards. Yay!
game-hours: 35.4
review: "RECOMMEND" 'Don't critisize until you've played it' Good overhead strategy game which involves planning and thinking ahead of the game. Graphics are fairly good for a game of this genre. There are a few bugs (mainly on multiplayer) none too noticable.. I can't go in full depth personally since I don't have a great amount of hours playing. Have Fun.
game-hours: 38.3
review: In the end, I got enough enjoyment out of this game to recommend it, though it still feels off and game-y - it really punishes you for doing things the wrong way, and I never really feel like I can attack anybody until civilizations have guns, when most of the appeal for me is playing as ancient empires like the Romans. But anyway, it's still worth playing.
game-hours: 1290.9
review: A good improvement to the Civilization series. Streamlines the gameplay while still requiring good strategic thinking. Very easy to lose a lot of hours in this game.
game-hours: 167.7
review: A classic 4X game.
game-hours: 903.6
review: best ggame ever
game-hours: 62.1
review: This game is good!
game-hours: 8.8
review: guys dont get this game is you have a life because this game will ruin it.
game-hours: 99.9
review: Great game but has a steep learning curve. Don't turn on the tips; they're the most annoying ing things ever.
game-hours: 264.0
review: Build your empire and dominate the world!
game-hours: 24.9
review: Interesting
game-hours: 50.0
review: A great and addictive game! I bought this for 2 days and now I have 33 hrs played.
game-hours: 42.4
review: gandhi andhi ndhi dhi hi i in ing king uking nuking gandhi is nukes confirmed
game-hours: 90.2
review: Love it Love it Love it. A little tough on a computer if you play on huge settings, but other than that, flawless.
game-hours: 374.7
review: Time sucking. You'll startat 8 am and next thing you'll know it'll be dark out.
game-hours: 34.6
review: I love this strategy You can Play countless hours for sure...You can Enjoy this game Everyday! Buy it if you like Strategys..! you wont be disappointed..!!! (Sorry for the Bad English)
game-hours: 18.9
review: This game has become an addiction. It's ruined my life. 10/10
game-hours: 235.7
review: "Your day of judgement will come." -Gandhi
game-hours: 311.1
review: I like this game and plays it lots.
game-hours: 401.3
review: SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO adicting. Best Game Ever.
game-hours: 37.9
review: plaw dis ggame duhhhh
game-hours: 948.1
review: THIS GAME RUINED MY LIFE! IT'S TOO ADDICTING! 10/10 GO BUY IT NOW SO YOU CAN LOSE WHAT LITTLE LIFE YOU HAVE!
game-hours: 34.9
review: Great game, I love it and intend to put many hours into it.
game-hours: 208.0
review: Civilization V might just be the most addictive videogame I have ever played. The allure of building a civilization from nothing to a global superpower is one that nobody can resist. The game's political and militaristic intrigue is more absorbing than anything else you'll find on Steam, and for a game that doesn't even have a predetermined story that is saying a lot. Its expansion packs are more than just glorified DLC; they actually add heaps of extra depth and possibilities to every session. This game will chow down on your free time like Atilla chows down Ancient era cities. Civ V will ruin your life, but you will not give a single .
game-hours: 294.5
review: Love this Game!
game-hours: 180.1
review: This game stole what little I had left of my social life... you should play it...
game-hours: 722.5
review: many of us have a country we admire, for me its russia, for my friend ransom (Reisei) its japan. in civilization you play as the real world civ of your choice and see if you have what it takes to withstand the test of time. weather weather you seek to have the greatest scientist, the cultural diversity, the religouse influence, or the unstopable millitary... this is you legacy. i can play this game for hours on end against my friends and the AI. So if you ever wanted your own country, this game is perfect.
game-hours: 170.5
review: i do highly recommend this game to anyone who likes stratergy based games, in past civ games they weren't the best but this has topped it. And its also a good laugh to play with your friends with sneaky betrayal haha.
game-hours: 13.1
review: Like crack, but better. Yesterday, I started playing a "quick game" agains five other civs. Ten hours later, I won the cultural victory and I wiped out two nations off the face of the earth. Basically, if you haven't played this yet, you need to. But make sure you've pooped before playing.
game-hours: 144.0
review: The best game ever! Well....... i have played this game for 60hrs now so i think it's time for me to do a rewiew. I only have one word for this game and that word is AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The game is adictive and fun becaus you make your own story like dayz, you do not have a specific goal exceppt make your civilization soo good and big as possibal. For you that don't know a  about this game read this: You start the game in the ancient time with some few settlers and warriors, then you found your capital city on a good place and start build things and units in your town. When you research new technology you will be able to build new stuff and when all of the technology in that era is researcht you will enter a new era. On you way to a great empire you will meet other nations and city states that you may choose to be friend with or wage war agienst. This is where the hard part start and when you start to make choices that madder, and it's here the endless replayability is becaus you maybe whant to have world domination or be a friendly guy that help empires with food and other stuff. Well that's the basic and i cant wright everything but i promise you that this game is one of the best games ever made becaus off the free choices and the power you feal when you controll a great empire or win a big world war. And one more thing! If you think this game is nice i strongly recommend the total war series becaus it has some simular stuff to civ 5 but here you get a game that is focesed on war and it's a combination of turn based stratigy and rts where you will get a close view of the battlefield with your troops. (rts stands for real time stratigy if you dident know)
game-hours: 206.1
review: A pretty good strategy game with historically relevant civilations. Only really lacking some versatility. 7/10
game-hours: 69.5
review: Such strategy Much countries Many faith Such resources
game-hours: 277.2
review: One of the best strategy games out there!
game-hours: 123.1
review: AWESOME IF GOLD EDITION!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 151.4
review: I love this game. If you have a life, you might want to discard it now
game-hours: 394.1
review: Highly addictive. The just one more turn and I'll go to bed mentality has kept me up late to many times playing this game.
game-hours: 32.6
review: Don't worry about it.
game-hours: 455.9
review: After hundreds of hours of gameplay this is still my go-to game when I'm looking for something to do. Can't recommend this game enough!
game-hours: 240.2
review: Great game in a great series.
game-hours: 224.5
review: The game where you; get the man into the space age: Wage war, conduct diplomacy, discover new technologies, go head-to-head with some of historys greatest leaders and build the most powerful empire the world has ever known. Great game:)
game-hours: 1415.0
review: It is Civ, the ultimate turn based game... Get it
game-hours: 41.1
review: Great game! Especially after some time and many game updates it feels very well rounded and cleverly designed. Of course, the gameplay is mostly not new but there are a lot of new aspects and improvements to justify buying this one even if you already own the already brilliant Civ IV; especially the new strategic aspects from the non-ability to stack units and hexagonal fields was a welcome change. The only thing I don't like is a late period in every game session when everything seems to kind of drag along, but I guess that's only because of the way I play (slowly expand and tend to my cities and later build an army and conquer everything ^^ That's the part that's fun but drags along and gets old fast...) I have to admit, I haven't even ever played Civ in multiplayer, so I can't say anything about that... 8,5/10 PS: I find the two addons pretty expensive but to be honest, they don't add anything I find essential to enjoy the game. Nice stuff, but not necessary at all (for those who are thinking about buying the game but fear they won't have much fun without also buying all the expensive extra stuff).
game-hours: 24.3
review: Civilization 5 is a fantastic turn-based strategy game that keeps you playing for hours. Its addictive and a must have game.
game-hours: 644.7
review: Can't go through a whole game being 'friends' with a single civilization
game-hours: 518.8
review: GREAT strategy game. In fact the best stragety game I have ever played, which says a lot. It's not just strategy, either. It's also fun to play online with your friends. But I suggest that you might want to learn the ropes before you face a Deity-level CPU :) (BTW, this is my second favorite video game of all time)
game-hours: 93.5
review: Best strategy game I've played. Really fun with friends and still nice solo. Any civilization? Nukes? Let's play some Civ!
game-hours: 55.7
review: Such a fun game. Brave new world and Gods and Kings definately made this game better than Civ 4.
game-hours: 11.6
review: Gondi was being a total  so I stole that hoes nukes and nuked rome as china. 100% acurate story 10/10
game-hours: 491.5
review: The beginning and end of TBS. Amazing.
game-hours: 779.7
review: I really like this game! Civilization V is a very great game: tactics, politics, economy... You will spend a lots of hours of your life with it!
game-hours: 138.9
review: This game is for those who like staretegy games but want to have some more time to think what to do.
game-hours: 122.6
review: Great game, but the games take ages so prepare for that.
game-hours: 67.3
review: Civ V is Civ V. Buy it, play it, enjoy it.
game-hours: 35.8
review: I never expected to be drawn to a Civ game. They never really appealed to me before. However, this game remains my most played on Steam and I constantly keep telling myself "Just one more turn!" I recommend this to everyone!
game-hours: 90.2
review: Killed a hell of a lot of time, had a great few laughs. Learned that Ghandi is a prick. 10/10 Would recommend
game-hours: 360.3
review: for those who love strategy games this game is for you. I have played countless hours of this game. Theres alot you can play around with. Especially get the game with brave new world because it adds a lot more to the game.
game-hours: 1.7
review: Fantastic game there!
game-hours: 461.3
review: I feel naught but gluttony when I descend into the depths of this game. Before me stands a vast planet, ripe for the fruits of conquest. My conquest. Thousands of years pass and my empire is never satiated. Despite the marvels of the world laying to waste in the empire's glorious capital, the citizens of this utopia cry and beg for more. The great Pyramids and ancient wonders go unattended as people demand for new marvels. Food is never of want, yet they demand for more. Rivers run with gold yet they demand it to be filled with the blood of my enemies. I plead for my empire to embrace the peace which I've fought milennia for. Watching a small band of settlers build a vast nation expanding multiple continents only to succumb to their bloodlust sickens me. I digress. Every click of the mouse casts years ahead in this virtual heroin pit, yet hours fly by as I slowly watch myself lose interest in the plights of real life. Yes I should relieve myself in a bathroom, or shower, or attend to the various pleas of my family to pick up the phone and let them know I still draw breath. I cannot abandon my love though. I press forward and embrace my citizens as they were my own kin. I watch in horror as opposing civilizations, who have lived side by side, as allys, trade partners, research collaborators, and friends turn to their own demands and launch vast assaults on my beloved people. The only affirmation this game offers is the demonic plague which will steal your humanity, and cast your selfish demons upon you.
game-hours: 32.3
review: This is virtual heroin.
game-hours: 435.7
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 82.8
review: I love this game best Civ game out there updates just keep getting better (somehow).
game-hours: 622.7
review: This game will swallow hours of your time
game-hours: 478.3
review: Excellent, addictive game...so many scenarios, and situations to build or conquer, may pull some all nighters for some games.. My only complaints are the multiplayer(it's like running the game on the lowest settings) and sometimes the AI is just plain stupid. I highly reccomend this to anyone who likes strategy games!
game-hours: 419.3
review: This game... just look at the hours I have put into it and I still havn't touched all the civilizations, playsyles, or even the map settings. single player, multiplayer, mods, dlc, this game does everything everyone says it does. One small flaw I will note is the AI is very hipocrytically unforgiving. Attack a warmongering race and eliminate their capitol and it triggers a domino effect that gets the whole world declairing war on you. Attacked a city state at the start of the game and conqured it, reached turn 300 still basically begging for forgivness from other civs. Reguardless of that the game plays flawwlessly *for me* is absolutlely beautiful and will keep you comming back for years to come. Even when you put it down, you'll want to pick it up again in a month or two "just to see what this scenerio would imply to the world" another 50 hrs and 7 games later.
game-hours: 290.7
review: I'm going to start this review by saying note this is a great game. It's mechanics are great you overall should probably buy it but i also have to write this about a warning. This game is very fun and when you play you feel as if you should continue playing and not stop playing. So what i'm trying to say is this game is extremely addictive, you will spend hours on end wasting your time on this video game, no breaks you dont stop until you finished playing that civilization, luckily i was able to get out eventually but if you can get addicted and dangerously addicted to games easily i don't recommend this game to you. But if we delve into the game mechanics it's pretty good, the game is a bit to laggy but very great idea once you go through the tutorial thats easy to follow you will get the hang of everything and can easily lead your civilization to becoming the greatest kindom ever. The price for what it offers is definitley good but not amazing. Overall i'm going to give this game an 8/10 so you should buy this game, but beware my friends, beware.
game-hours: 43.4
review: Great game. I have never played an RTS before, but couldn't resist civ 5. There are so many countries, ways to win, etc. I enjoy the fact that I can play against 24 countries in a world sized maps. I can play the political game or I can become a warmonger and take the world by force. Easy for people who have never played RTS and yet still has enough content to please long time RTSers as well.
game-hours: 682.1
review: A thousand times better than civ IV
game-hours: 92.1
review: Great game, probably one of the most addicting and time-consuming in my library.
game-hours: 133.9
review: gd game
game-hours: 157.4
review: A damn good board game as it is, civilization 5 was a best example of "how to do it right", with of addons and add-ons, it became a overcomplicated turn-based strategy. For some its for best, for some - not so. And because u cant delete once bought content, game itself became something different then something what u loved so much once. So, buy urself a game and dont think of all other bulls**t like dlc, and u'l get urself a best of civilization!
game-hours: 314.0
review: Wasted my life 10/10
game-hours: 325.5
review: An amazingly large game. thousands of hours of gameplay. The random stuff that can happen is just great, like starting in America as India and vise versa. A really great game that becomes more interesting the more people that play in a round.
game-hours: 94.4
review: Awesome turn-based strategy game that stays true to its predecessor while still making enough changes to stay fresh. The amount of map, time, and difficulty options amount to many possibilities and challenges.
game-hours: 87.4
review: This one of the best strategy games I have ever played. Don't let the fact it's turn based keep you from buying it. It's hella fun and my most played Steam game at 60-something hours (something I'm slightly ashamed of lol). But seriously, pick this (and its expansion packs) up, you won't regret it!
game-hours: 161.0
review: NO GANDHI STAHP IT! STOP HARASSING ME, GANDHI! Five star CIV game. The expansions brought it up to and even BEYOND CIV 4.
game-hours: 437.7
review: Superb Game. A Must for every str gamer
game-hours: 734.4
review: Buy it! It is the best strategi game EVER MADE!!! - 10/10
game-hours: 73.9
review: THIS IS ART. THIS IS THE BETTER GAME I EVER PLAYED. Strategy,not violence. Art,not trash.
game-hours: 210.2
review: just got the Gold Edition upgrade, very good well worth the money :D
game-hours: 30.3
review: Awesome multi-player game. Lots of fun with friends.
game-hours: 262.4
review: Nothing to say about Civ5 that hasn't been said. Love this game.
game-hours: 638.1
review: An awesome game. I don't recommend to the restless.
game-hours: 182.3
review: I have been playing this series since Civ 1 back in on my Amiga 5oo days in the early 90s and if you are into world/civ building strategy titles in any way, shape or form, games just won't come better than this masterpiece, It is immensely fun, totally addictive and returns great value for your money. Worth noting is that I have exclusively played vanilla (with the exceptance of purchased official DLC) single player vs AI for Civ 5 (i.e. no MP at all) , but judging by previous experiences from earlier titles in the series, I dare guess that MP is even more fun and challenging. Add to this the plethora of user created mods via steamworks and you have an almost endless source of digitalized entertainment!! :-) This comes highly recommended as a game with the almost perfect mix of theme, ambience, game mechanics and outright addictive fun.
game-hours: 961.2
review: This game is completely addicting - I would recommend it to ANYONE who enjoys RTS games of any kind. It just reels you in, keeps you going, and makes you NOT want to stop for ANYTHING!
game-hours: 127.3
review: Very fun and addicting to play with friends
game-hours: 25.4
review: Fun game
game-hours: 328.0
review: Great for long term strategies, I never get tired of this game (escpecially with the workshop). The only problem is that it's too addictive.
game-hours: 335.0
review: Mother******* gandi's nukes
game-hours: 109.8
review: It is like Jesus made a casual strategy game and put it in a hex-grid
game-hours: 374.2
review: 1 word can describe this game, amazing, but that makes for a sucky review. This game is all about building a Civilization, and trying to develop it to be better that the others in the game. You develop new technologies, fight wars among the other civs and city states, conquer land and found cities, spread religion (dlc required), and nukes. :uranium: There are some amazing mods out there for this game, just an amazing game overall,
game-hours: 92.3
review: Worth every penny. 10/10, One of the best games of all time. If you havent picked it up, do so now.
game-hours: 995.4
review: Awesome Game. I cannot wait to see where this franchise is going to take us.
game-hours: 85.6
review: Super Fun game, lots of replay ability
game-hours: 17.4
review: es, get money
game-hours: 52.1
review: 10/10 would play until 6 in the morning everyday again
game-hours: 50.9
review: The game is amazingly fun, and rather addicting. Once I start a game, I find it hard to stop playing, always trying out different tactics to win. Definitely a must have if you like strategy games!
game-hours: 71.4
review: You'll easily get a few dozen hours of playtime out of this, if you like strategy games. Definitely recommend it.
game-hours: 84.5
review: Great game worth money
game-hours: 26.5
review: Such a good game
game-hours: 124.2
review: I believe with enough friends, an online match would be amazing
game-hours: 505.6
review: Such a good game omfg. If you're thinking about buying it, GO FOR IT. Also, the Brave new World and Gold Edition really make the game more enjoyable and content-full.
game-hours: 117.9
review: Who needs drugs when civ V will make you feel like an addict for alot cheaper
game-hours: 45.6
review: Really cool game, worth the money. Get it if you like intense strategy.
game-hours: 29.0
review: TONS O FUN
game-hours: 109.0
review: i love this game i just wish its gold edition came with all the dlcs
game-hours: 1.5
review: cool game
game-hours: 208.5
review: This is one of the best games ever!!!
game-hours: 76.8
review: Mint.
game-hours: 159.4
review: Awesome!
game-hours: 125.7
review: Wonderful game, fun by yourself or with a group of friends. However, I recommend turning on quick movement and quick combat (personal preference, if you play with these options off then the camera pans to a unit whenever there's some kind of combat, and it can get annoying :P). 10/10 , DLC is also worth it.
game-hours: 134.2
review: Free from GMG / Golden Joysticks, but this little gem has seen more playtime than anything else the last few weeks...
game-hours: 73.2
review: Friggin amazing
game-hours: 147.2
review: i love sid meier's civilization V
game-hours: 336.6
review: I gave horses to Rome and died
game-hours: 59.9
review: this stuff is good. i like this stuff
game-hours: 39.9
review: Cool game but enemy calculations take a little long thus it gets lenghy if u play with lot of ai ... the difficulty settings seem a bit easy
game-hours: 82.7
review: Online games get kicked and don't last but otherwise it is good game for sure!
game-hours: 119.7
review: A very addicting strategy game. Very fun in singleplayer as well as multiplayer. Definitely a great game for anybody who has a bit of time on their hands. :)
game-hours: 130.1
review: Awesum stuff gud play, yay yay.
game-hours: 279.8
review: Augustus Caeser 10/10
game-hours: 10.1
review: fun to play with friends!
game-hours: 208.7
review: Extremely addictive and extremely good.
game-hours: 34.7
review: Bought this through humble bundle and enjoyed it so much i added the extra ~5$ to get the full tier. This is my first experience with a civ game and i have passed on them before because i thought it was to complex. But starting from the lowest difficulty and work your way up seems to have worked this far. The only negative i can think about, except the AI's evil trading, is that it magically turns "one more turn" to 3AM in the morning.
game-hours: 135.1
review: Don't do it, you have better things to do
game-hours: 46.7
review: i beat ghandi in a nuclear war but lost to korea in science...FML 10/10
game-hours: 186.1
review: As much replayability as TES Skyrim (Witout needing any mods) this game is seirously worth the money. The game is fun, and extremely coustimizable. Only downside is that the DLC is expensive
game-hours: 387.6
review: Try not to consider realife logic, for example how would your jets be damaged while attacking stone age babarians other than that kiss good bye to your life
game-hours: 175.9
review: Opened game at 6 in the evening, looked at the clock when I finally took a break, 4 in the morning. 10/10 would lose social life again.
game-hours: 153.4
review: amazing game to play with friends.
game-hours: 170.7
review: This game is like drugs!! You just can't get enough!! O.o
game-hours: 30.3
review: Great Game. Once you start you can't stop
game-hours: 94.7
review: After installing this game, I lost roughly 40% of my waking hours to world domination for a good two weeks. Totally didn't need that 'sleep' garbage anyway.
game-hours: 31.2
review: I like turn-based strategy games and this is probably one of the best games in that genre.
game-hours: 212.7
review: Amazing, If you love Strategy Games. Its fun to play with Friends, because Singleplayer can get boring after a while.
game-hours: 144.3
review: Great for people who arent big in stratagy, not hard to learn and go crazy for power as you conqure the land and destroy all thats in your way. Or just be cultral and win that way or even yet be into Technology and be the first to the moon to win the game. The best thing is it takes time to beat it so you dont have to replay every hr it take HOURS just to beat the game HALF WAY. ITS GREAT!!!!!
game-hours: 157.4
review: totally not another "Ghandi nuked my " review. ...Ghandi TOTALLY nuked my . (It's OK, I brought him the FREEDOM he wanted as ol' Georgie boy)
game-hours: 30.1
review: GO TO MARKET AND BUY THIS GAME!!! That's one of strategy games i like the most, you need to conquer Rome in 100 moves can you do it? can your brain and eyes do that for you?! if YES go and buy this game, i rate 10/10
game-hours: 177.5
review: Completly worth buying mass multiplayer with good instructions and a interactive singleplayer I recomend considering a dlc or two
game-hours: 2331.3
review: One. More. Turn. @#!*&
game-hours: 433.6
review: What can you say about one of the best series of true strategy games. As with every version of Civilization there are small changes which makes an old player a little annoyed. But once you get used to the changes and get into the enhancements you know why you purchase every one of Sid Meier's branded games since the first Civ :) Amazing game play, single player, multiplayer. Many different variations never the same game twice, several difficult levels to challenge players of all skills levels. Defnitely one for the more intellectual gamers out there.
game-hours: 284.8
review: Civ 5 is one of those games that people who like the idea of owning their own empire will enjoy. You can wage war with other nations and be happy with fruits of your conquests, even though many risks were taken. With DLC, you can watch as your religion spreads across the world. Also, for diplomats, you can negotiate land, resources, and forge alliances. I would recommend this game for people who have a lot of patience and time on their hands, because this game is addicting as hell.
game-hours: 91.0
review: First Civilization game I have ever played. I regret purchasing it and wasting my time on it. My productivity has gone down and it takes many more turns in order for me to accomplish anything IRL. 10/10
game-hours: 338.8
review: A great fun game
game-hours: 110.9
review: "Do you recommend this game?" Yes
game-hours: 394.6
review: TL:DR Amazing strategy game 10/10 buy it
game-hours: 294.5
review: This game is awesome. You can build your civilization from the ground up, going from flint axes, to chariot archers, all the way to nukes. But it's not all fun-and-nukes. Rival civilizations can attempt to steal your tech, declare war, or, even worse; build a city RIGHT THERE. I'm looking at you, AUSTRIA!
game-hours: 39.1
review: Really fun and time comsuming
game-hours: 182.0
review: This game has destroyed my life. Buy it and all the DLC. It's freaking awesome.
game-hours: 92.5
review: Civilization V is a fantastic example of a turn-based strategy game, In this game you get to play as one of a large selection of Civilizations and take them to greatness or death, they are in your command. This game has streamlined UI, great AI and amazing replayability. If you like turn-based strategy games or games that you run countries then buy this game!
game-hours: 233.0
review: Awesome game
game-hours: 615.5
review: Easy to play, difficult to master, the game I just cant stop going back to for...just....one...more...turn! Having played all of the Civilization games since my best mate introduced me to the orginal when we started high school through to being married with 2 kids I have definitely grown up with Civ and it has grown up with me over the past 20 odd years. I have spent 1000s of hours in the Civ games over the years and have found each to be different to the game before it and all enjoyable (although I much preferred Alpha Centauri to Civ 2). All of the Civ games are pretty easy to get in and play with a simple interface and varying difficulty options allowing anyone to play, develop strategies and build their empire, but underneath this is a game that is extremely challenging to master. With the Steam Achievements helping to give differing objectives to work toward while playing the game I have found my gameplay more focused in this than previous Civ games, yet I still start random games just to play and keep enjoying the differing maps and starting locations. Generally I have been against DLC for games as it often feels that the vanilla releases are getting less content than in previous years but with Civ I had already spent 200 hours in game before the outlay on the first expansion and have since bought the DLCs and expansions "Gods & Kings" and "Brave New World" and have passed 500 very enjoyable hours. The feature that has impressed me most with this Civ release has been the scenarios which have been both challenging and enjoyable to complete. Most PC gamers would know the names Sid Meier and Civilization and many would already have these names on their "must buy" lists but Civ 5 is more than just a game of the year, it is a game to go back to time and time again...just...one...more...turn
game-hours: 8.5
review: This game is amazing! It's kind of like Total Rome and has a feel of Settler's Catan! Such a fun game; everytime I play I always lose track of time hahaha!
game-hours: 88.6
review: Iz gud gem. do buy nao
game-hours: 89.2
review: its so good u need to play it omfg i can horse
game-hours: 249.6
review: This game provide an excellent strategy platform which is both tense and relaxing due to its turn based mechanic.
game-hours: 51.6
review: Woohoo! Civ V!
game-hours: 32.5
review: Great strategy love it, I played Civ 4 love the improvments!
game-hours: 55.9
review: One of the essential TBS series. Civ V is great sequel, although little simplified, but still got the ''just one more turn'' addiction. Highly recommend the game.
game-hours: 924.6
review: Bloody Brilliant
game-hours: 212.9
review: it is amazing
game-hours: 103.7
review: Totally worth the price tag, one of the best strategy games I've played.
game-hours: 428.9
review: Civilization V is a great turn based strategy game. The music is phenomenal, no matter how long I listen to it (and Ive listened to it for hundreds of hours, literally), and the atmosphere is amazing. 2K games has supported this game for years now, releasing content and expansion packs ontop of an already amazing game. (I especially love 2K games for adding another unit in one of the expansion packs called the XCOM squad, directly from their other game XCOM: Enemy Unknown (also a great game!) As further incentive the steam workshop allows you to conveniently download custom mods to further your enjoyability of this great game. If you think turn based games arent for you, and that you prefer RTS's or dont even enjoy strategy games at all, I beg you to pick this up! I didnt even find strategy games all that great until I picked this up, and now they are a reoccurring theme in my steam library. Play this game and you might be hooked for life, like me:)
game-hours: 491.7
review: When I was young I couldn't really get into turn based strategy because it felt like it took forever to do anything fun. As the Civ series has progressed, they've made it not only easier for newbies to get into, they've also made the pacing very flexible, allowing you to play at whatever speed you prefer (still turn-based, of course). This game is a brilliant way to spend a few hours/days/weeks. Be warned, when you start a game, you will experience the time travel effect!
game-hours: 170.6
review: I'll just play for an hour... look at the clock twelve hours have passed you've missed work and for the last thirty turns you've been telling yourself one more turn and THEN I'll go to the bathroom.
game-hours: 149.6
review: 10 / 10 I have to say, watching reviews, gameplay videos and trailers, heck even watching a friend of mine play it.. I didn't think it was that good. Especially being a veteran of Total War: Shogun 2, I figured the battles were way too basic and would drag the whole game down. Well.. I was wrong.. This is one of those games that has a ton of customization options to fit any type of play, short, long, easy, hard. It's a game that you literally will keep saying "one more turn". So very addicting, and even more so if you play with friends. For a game with 6 or 12 players online, and 6 player offline hotseat (co-op fully supported) on a single machine.. this game is one of the best games I've ever played, and I've played games since Atari 2600. I highly recommend this to any strategy or micromanage gamer. The feature set is so strong, and this game just completely sucks you in. My only regret was not getting it a year sooner when it was on sale for the same price.
game-hours: 98.6
review: WOW! What can I say about this game? First its so addictive you lose track of time, I would advise getting the DLC Gods & Kings and Brave New World because this is what makes the game and It has great replay value. 9/10
game-hours: 136.9
review: Ramsese is a jerk. 10/10
game-hours: 85.0
review: This game is great. This is for anyone looking for that good turn based stratagy game. I am a huge fan of the series, and the AI on this game are intelligent. They will attack if they see weakness, so you are constantly on your toes.
game-hours: 113.4
review: Gandhi is a .
game-hours: 1819.2
review: one of the best Strategy games on the market, if you have alll day to kill or just a few hours it can be a lot of fun.
game-hours: 869.3
review: Good old civ.
game-hours: 213.7
review: Very Fun!
game-hours: 178.7
review: The fluidity and addictive nature of this game really made me feel comfortable as a first time strategy game player. A must buy. Unless you value your social life.
game-hours: 158.7
review: Sleep Deprivation
game-hours: 35.4
review: One of the best turn based strategy games. (remember not only war strategy). Fun to play, expecially with friends. But a word of warning. really heavy on the processor in the late game. atleast on MP hybrid mode. (my advice use standard turns in MP too). Helps a bit... So if you like turn based strategy were you dont have to kill everybody play this. Brave new world makes it lot better !
game-hours: 97.7
review: 1337/10
game-hours: 256.4
review: This is simply a master piece, with unlimited replay value and outstanding complexity, this game could just be the end of all other games.
game-hours: 105.6
review: I enjoy this game very much, sadly it makes the hours fly by without notice. Multiple ways to win with diversification on the races. Plenty to try with great replayability.
game-hours: 29.6
review: An amazing game. The expansions make this game greater but the base game works just fine. When getting this game realise games take a long time to complete. Overall great way to waste time, 10/10
game-hours: 39.5
review: whoooooooooow
game-hours: 167.8
review: Great game epic single player and great multiplayer suitible for all ages but may only be fun for 8+ you can play it over and over again and never get bored
game-hours: 76.6
review: A lot like Cory in the House.
game-hours: 109.0
review: The Best Game, The Olny Game
game-hours: 356.5
review: great game!
game-hours: 154.1
review: Great strategy game if you like turn based games that allows you the choice between different victory types. More fun when played against human players as opposed to the AI in my opinion as the predictability is much lower but there are a large number of options and player mods to help change the game up if it starts to feel a bit stale. A really good pick up if you can catch it in a sale for around 5 - 10.
game-hours: 948.9
review: Its fun. What more do you want.
game-hours: 74.2
review: Amazing game. Never ceases to show me new ways to play. Just watch who you play with. If one of your friends seem like a power hungry, violent , don't play with them.
game-hours: 42.4
review: This game is beast.
game-hours: 125.1
review: This game is amazing. Complex at first, the game has a good tutorial that explains the main concepts. The game has lots of layers and multiple ways to win, either through, science, culture, and diplomacy, or war and domination. This enables you to not always crush everyone, but to be diplomatic or be more cultural/scientific. Your social policies can give you edges in certain areas of your Civilization, and often one thing is connected to another. More science research means better army which leads to more diplomatic power and so on. Only negatives are that sometimes the worker automation does not work and that one game can take days to finish. Multiple characters and DLC enable endless replayability without the game becoming boring. Overall, a great game.
game-hours: 83.3
review: Yes much fun wow would play much cheap
game-hours: 549.1
review: I suppose I should write a review for the game I've put the most hours into. I am writing this after the release of both expansions. For the people with Civ IV vs V debates, I can understand why people disliked Civ V over IV at first. The Civ series has gradually improved itself to Civ IV, and then Civ V is a total overhaul of the game. A hex grid board instead of squares, one military unit per tile (no more stacks of doom), and a simplification of the UI. All of these things are a blessing, with the exception of the AI doesn't really know how to control it's military properly (it has been noticablely improved though). Also, Civ V (vanilla) didn't have religion or espionage, so why move on to Civ V? (imo) Civ V is better than IV after Gods & Kings, and definitely better after Brave New World. Thanks to the one unit per hex system, Civ V feels more like a wargame than the ones before it. And I like the change for how religion is used in V better than IV, which was really just a research rush for the tech that unlocked that religion. The best part about the BNW expansion is that the peaceful victories have become just as fun throughout the legnth of the game as conquest. The cultural victory used to just be to get your culture buildings up quick, beeline radio and sit there and hit end turn until you win. Now, you can go to war and steal great works of art from a rival civ, send in archaeologists to take artifacts out of their lands, and send in great musicians to tourism bomb them in the hopes of influencing their citizens to your culture. This game is endlessly replayable. Even if you play on a preset map, like Earth, the actions taken by other civs is always unpredicable. Basically what it comes down to is, I love this game. I would recommend it to anybody, but I guess if you're the impatient type, then you might not like it. My arguement to that would be, every turn in this game has something important happen (except maybe the first few), and that is why my hours are over 500 (at the time of this writing). It is addicting to watch your mud hut village with spearmen grow into an empire of gleaming metropolises that is capable of launching nukes. Even when you finish the game it gives you the option for "one.. more.. turn.."
game-hours: 128.7
review: I could easily spend hours at a time on this game. Oh wait I have! I love the depth this game goes into with regards to the various features and ways you can win. No other game I have played before has five different ways of winning, and even then, each of these five ways require a completely different strategy - so imagine the scenario where you're palying and going for one victory with other players (AI or not) all going for different victories - it's insane and creates a diverse game which changes every time you play. For example; going for a cultural victory would mean that it would be sensible to have a low number of cities and a small area of land that you own, but if there's a player going for a domination victory, they'll have a massive empire and could crush you in a couple of turns if they want to! It could be seen as a massive rock/paper/scissors scenario, however, when the game can be played in any way you wish, there is no clear superior option in most cases - a cultural empire could defend against a militaristic one, for example. Anyway enough babbling, if you haven't bought it yet, I recomment it!
game-hours: 130.3
review: It is the beststrategy game there is in my opinion.
game-hours: 367.9
review: The Greatest Strategy game I have ever played
game-hours: 175.2
review: Having played every game in the Civ series since Civ2, it was only a matter of time before I got Civ V. My first impression were not positive at all; the user-interface felt over-sized too tablet-oriented, the lack of things like tax-allocation sliders worried me, and I was generally worried that the game had been dumbed down in order to appeal to a larger audience. After playing for 30-odd hours, I can definitely say that this is NOT the case. The game took about 5hrs of playing to feel like a Civ game, but now I'm enjoying it at least as much as I was CivIV. Not being able to stack your military units is initially frustrating, but adds a level of strategy that I am now appreciating. As archery units can now fire over several squares but get killed-off quickly in melee, you need to put pikemen up in front of them. Flanking an enemy through the fog-of-war is now much more rewarding as the tile positions of units are more important. Seige weapons are now -needed- to capture cities and, all in all, wars feel much more strategic than they did in previous civs. I only have 2 complaints about this game: 1) The user-interface has many flaws. 2) Diplomacy isn't anywhere near as good as previous civs. For the USER INTERFACE, several things will frustrate you - the borders of your cities are not marked at all; you have to open up the city view and see which tiles are being worked to see how far you can go. While I like the fact that your city borders can expand both through culture and through buying tiles, I dislike the fact that UI elements often prevent you from clicking the tiles you want and aren't as intuitive as they should be. Statistics and other menus are often layered several clicks deep and without tooltips of any variety. When in diplomacy with another civ on THEIR turn (not yours), the 'wait for your turn' cursor replaces your pointer, making it hard to see what you're actually clicking on. It feels like an amateurish overlay on top of a well-made engine. For the DIPLOMACY, you aren't given the information you need to make informed decisions - open border agreements are for 30 turns but you are never told so, friendship treaties last for 90 turns but you are never told that, or how long you have left of your treaty. Diplomacy modifiers vary between incredibly specific to absurdly vague, and you will find yourself penalised for attacking city-states that no other civilisation knows exists, or for over-expanding when no civilisation has even seen the new city you've placed on the other side of the map. I will definitely recommend this game - it is a good successor to Civ IV, and I think that a lot of my gripes are things that have been fixed in the 'Brave New World' expansion (which I will be buying when it drops to a reasonable price). Compared to Civ IV; it is a more interesting game from a militaristic point of view, but less interesting from a city-building point of view (at least until the interace gets sorted out), and the graphical upgrade is also immense (and will definitely get your laptop HOT). All things considered, it is worth the buy; you will definitely enjoy the hours that are sunk into it. TL:DR - Graphically upgraded Civ IV with a better engine and gameplay, but worse UI and Diplomacy. Enjoyable despite its flaws. Recommended.
game-hours: 400.6
review: Its a fantastic game, Only problem I see is with it not being multiplayer mod friendly.
game-hours: 164.5
review: Just get it's fun
game-hours: 66.7
review: I can't rave about this game enough. At first I was playing Civ V regular edition, but after buying Gods and Kings I realized how truly awesome this game is. Definitely worth the money regardless of the price. 10/10
game-hours: 237.5
review: Civ 5 is the last in the series of the civ 5 games, a turn-based empire building game. A lot of fun as long as you have the patience and get the statisfation of building a nation and dominate the world. >:D
game-hours: 154.5
review: This game is very addicting. I have played many times and I still feel that I have not done everything there is to do on this game. If you like to think and plan, this is the game for you.
game-hours: 27.6
review: Great Turn Based Strategy Game
game-hours: 325.2
review: Never thought any game could suck most of my life away more than TF2, boy was I wrong. 11/10 Note: I recommend also getting Gold and Brave New World.
game-hours: 146.8
review: A grand strategy for people who don't have time for real grand strategies.
game-hours: 129.5
review: nuked the earth as gandhi 11/10
game-hours: 14.0
review: This game is the ultimate time vacuum. Excelent for plane rides as you will either be disapointed that you have arrived at your destination before you could finish one game or be wipied off the map by the war monger that goes by the name as Ghandi in this game. It is a wonderful game.
game-hours: 59.0
review: The best strategy game of this gen (yes, better than StarCraft II), and it's so insanely addicting games are literally played for hours on end. Plus there's an Attack on Titan mod. 'Nuff said.
game-hours: 88.1
review: This game is amazing.
game-hours: 215.5
review: This really is an addicting strategy game, and one of the best I've ever played. It has an interesting gameplay system and a fun multiplayer section. While it may be an old game by now, it still has the useful replayable feature. Pros: - Addicting, and the urge to keep playing in order to win is always there. - Different playstyles as different people, according to how you want to play. - Mods section which allows you to customize your game using the Steam Workshop. Cons: - AI which can be really irksome, especially in the multiplayer section. Leave them for 5 minutes and all your money's gone. - A tutorial system would be really handy, as for some new players it can be hard to get used to. Overall I would give this game a 9/10, as while it can be fun to play, there are still some features that need some work.
game-hours: 87.2
review: As a single player venture Civ 5 is a challenging game that does an alright job of teching you how to play. Supplemental information is essential to achieve advanced methods of play and a deeper understanding of this very complex game. As a multi-player experience it's a mixed bag. If you have friends ready to go it's not so very bad. The game periodically has to re-synch, leading to long, unavoidable delays, and sometimes the game will bug out after the game has been running for some time. Recent updates seem to have helped iron out these problems, leading to a lot of fun if you play with friends. Online multi-player is a whole other matter. Slow, clunky, unresponsive, and prone to silly bugs and errors all keep you from getting into a game in a timely manner. The lack of any sort of filtering system makes finding a game that suits your tastes an incredibly long and tedious process. And once you get into a game people have an awful tendency to quit if too many things go wrong, leaving you playing with the AI and essentially in an singple player game. If the awful interface, bugs, and terrible multi-player support aren't deal breakers this is a solid, potentially endlessly fun game. Those who like to play with others, however, beware!
game-hours: 67.5
review: Great addition to the Civilization series, with all the DLC the game evolves and becomes an even more intriguing and challenging experience.
game-hours: 260.0
review: Egypt is overpowered.
game-hours: 9.5
review: fun
game-hours: 582.2
review: This a highly fun and addicting game. It is a little different from Civ 4 like getting rid of health of cities ( sadly ) and the stacks of units ( thankfully ). I also recommend getting the expansion packs as they add much more bulk to the game ( more diplomacy , international trade , religion , etc. ) 10/10
game-hours: 122.2
review: This is a absoloutsly fantastic strategy game, the best of its kind. Extremely, Highly Reccomended.
game-hours: 143.4
review: Nice, strategic, HD, fun game :)
game-hours: 2.1
review: This game didn't cure my virginity :(
game-hours: 419.9
review: LOts of fun you should also get civ 5 sdk
game-hours: 83.4
review: A very casual turn-based strategy game. Great game, do not hesitate just buy it!
game-hours: 0.0
review: Civilization -    ,                ,   - ,     ,                   ,  ..   ,    .
game-hours: 61.6
review: !!
game-hours: 4030.9
review: Best strategy game ever made
game-hours: 74.5
review: only if you have a crapload of time
game-hours: 38.6
review: sick game buy it now or die
game-hours: 340.2
review: wat.just.wat
game-hours: 156.3
review: Civ V is probably the best looking and most enjoyable game in the Civilization series, plus major updates to gameplay every few months. Very worth it, buy it!
game-hours: 310.5
review: Civilization 5 is a great entry in the series, and a good one for beginners to start with, since it has the design(-flaws) of Civilization: Revolution. Not as good as Civilization 3 or 4, but it's prettier and works better online than both of them, so it gets the job done. The expansionpacks cure what the vanilla-version lacked, so make sure to get those right away, otherwise you won't enjoy the game, and even if you DO, you miss out on a lot of content. TLDR; The game is bland if played vanilla, with Expansion + DLC the game is great.
game-hours: 38.2
review: Just don't think about it, it is a steam must have!!!!
game-hours: 95.1
review: Great Game would recommend. I have yet to try the expansions though.
game-hours: 133.1
review: Great for passing the hours without realising
game-hours: 310.9
review: Sure, it's good
game-hours: 454.4
review: A bit doubtful as to whether I would like this game before I first played it, and in the first two days after buying it I played about 19 hours of it. This is a fantastic game.
game-hours: 437.4
review: great game. love it
game-hours: 35.4
review: this is a really good game if you enjoy being tactical with things, its really nice for planning out strategies or just ing around making war with everyone, i really do recommend it, its awesome
game-hours: 65.0
review: As a Civilization veteran (having played through III and IV extensively), I thought that Civilization V stayed true to the rest of the series while making excellent improvements and additions. The game is a polished, tested, and free of any discernible bugs. The UI is more intuitive than that of Civilization III and the overlay options allow you to view the map area in terms of whichever factors you see fit. The concept of non-stacking units is also surprisingly good. Gone are the painful late-game turns of managing a bloated military, Civilization V encourages a more diverse style of play, wherein pursuing cultural, diplomatic, militaristic, scientific, or time victory is a choice that does markedly affect your style of play more so than in prequels. This is largely due to the city-state mechanic as well as the social policy mechanic. A complaint I had with the previous titles in the series was the tendency for domination victory to be the most effective strategy by far. In this game however, I feel the developers have done an excellent job in making every victory type to be worthwhile, unique, and effective in their own rights. Thanks to the many improvements made to the series in this game, and the adherance of the developers to the root mechanics of Civ, I think this is a great game for Civ fans and probably the best ever for new players.
game-hours: 158.3
review: Umm okay this was a pretty fun game but there was no Sid Meier Civilization included in the game and it has yet to be patched in so either change the title and quit misleading your customers or I will write about this in my blog. You've been warned. 10/1000 A+
game-hours: 112.5
review: Hours and hours of slaughtering any empire that dared to denounce you during your early stages, and eventually conquering the entire world is probably the most fun i've had with a game that involves slaughtering entire countries.
game-hours: 457.9
review: I... Can't... Stop... pleae help me. Just one more turn.
game-hours: 182.6
review: heroin
game-hours: 0.2
review: BLYAT HUETA SDLAK
game-hours: 64.3
review: I highly recommend this game if you really like to kill time, literally. Just so you know, this is a real time strategy, similar with Age of Empires, but this one is in turn-based system which I think have made this game much interesting to play. And the AI is hard enough to beat if you didn't set up your strategy well. The best thing that makes this game one of my favorites is Civilization V is not all about war, war and war. You can try nuke, nuke and nuke for fun. (note: this is "a game" which could kill your real life.)
game-hours: 127.3
review: love the game a little bit hard to get use to but its bottyful
game-hours: 793.3
review: This game is insanely awesome. Sid Meier's is an inspiration to the gaming world. i have never said anything bad about his work and i never will!
game-hours: 37.1
review: The game does have it's ups and downs, like how the AI cheats and somehow gets way ahead really early on, but in general the game is a great game.
game-hours: 184.6
review: If you hate seeing the outside of your room and want Ghandi to ing kill your  with nukes and tanks this is the game for you
game-hours: 52.8
review: makes my nipples hard! true story
game-hours: 444.5
review: Everyone spells "Gandhi" wrong. 5 stars
game-hours: 51.1
review: I lost friends to this game
game-hours: 58.9
review: I love this game so much that I want to have sex with it!!!
game-hours: 266.0
review: Don't even play this game. It is way too addictive. You will never sleep.
game-hours: 397.6
review: it's hot
game-hours: 25.9
review: durr, dis geme gud, u can rekt someune, u can take dem teritori, u can blew dem ap, u can be king, hurr hurr
game-hours: 1102.0
review: Awsome and addictive
game-hours: 30.7
review: Nice game if you have too much free time.
game-hours: 1089.2
review: Cililization V is one of the most addictive games of all time. Take the Throne of 1 of many nations and build your empire. Will you be a ruler who leads his/her people in peace or rule with an iron fist, crushing all those who would stand against you? The choice is yours. Be careful however, as other nations may not like the way you rise on the world stage.
game-hours: 336.5
review: Play it all the time, great game for people looking for a strategy turn based game. I strongly recommend it to people looking for a game that you can just start and play over a few days. Great re-play value and overall, I feel it was a great purchase.
game-hours: 74.1
review: It's like Skyrim with war.
game-hours: 48.7
review: Just give up on trying to go outside because this is the end....
game-hours: 29.3
review: "One more turn, just one more turn..." 6 hours later and I've got an hour 'till I have to go to work. Time enough for one more turn...
game-hours: 91.2
review: Dank life sim
game-hours: 99.9
review: This is definitely one of the greatest games I've ever played. I wouldn't reccomend getting the vanilla version though. With GnK expansion it's very good but really starts to shine when you add Brave New World. Watch out though it's really addicting and a single game can take up to like 10h but if you can spare this game some time you definitely won't be dissapointed.
game-hours: 207.5
review: Civilization V, the fifth installment in the amazing Civilization series, is undoubtably one of the most user-friendly, easy-to-play strategy games on the market. Players that are new to Civilization will find this game enjoyable the second they start to play, as the game has a very small learning curve and is easy to grasp. If you're an older player, you'll find the game harder to get into than previous installments, and the base game is lacking many of the things that made previous Civilization games enjoyable (religion, behind-the-scenes politics, advanced diplomacy (vassal states, etc.), Leonard Nemoy, and a large number of civilizations). However, with "Gods & Kings" and (especially) "Brave New World", the game becomes what it should have been: advanced, full of new ideas, and addicting as hell. "G&K" re-adds religion and "BNW" adds in some nice diplomatic options and advanced trading abilities. All in all, Civilization V is great for new Civilization players, and perfectly fine for old players (and great for old players if they have the two main add-ons). Either way, you'll find hours of daytime vanish into thin air.
game-hours: 79.2
review: You can do, like, so many thingss!
game-hours: 51.3
review: You will be addicted to this game forever.
game-hours: 201.1
review: Always fear the silent ones.
game-hours: 363.5
review: Love the game!!!!! It never really gets boring because you can switch civis every game. I like how the AI's are really smart. You DO NOT have to buy the DLC for it to be fun.
game-hours: 135.4
review: Awesome, Just one more turn + the expansions are very good and make the game even more exciting!
game-hours: 9.8
review: Too much fun...
game-hours: 79.4
review: Sjovt :)
game-hours: 24.4
review: An all time classic PC franchise.
game-hours: 160.3
review: ruin your friendship simulator
game-hours: 55.7
review: This game is epic ! Sad that "Brave new world" and "Gods and Kings" is so expensive !
game-hours: 40.8
review: Addictive, 'nuff said.
game-hours: 388.6
review: The ultimate strategy game. The good: lots of strategic choices, stunning graphics, culturally very rich. The bad: too long games.
game-hours: 119.9
review: Gandhi is warmongering phsycopath. 11/10
game-hours: 62.9
review: Very fun game where you can command one of many civilizations from around time. Go to war with Montezuma as George Washington with Genghis Khan at your side, or generate tourism for your civ. Fly into space, or be elected world leader. Infinite replay value. The expansion packs and civilization DLCs (Korea, Polynesia, Babylon, Denmark) add a lot to the game, and made my playthroughs a lot more fun. Brave New World, the second expansion, really fleshed out cultural victories. Mods add a lot of content to the game, including maps, civilizations, and scenarios. Anyways, this is a great game, and I personally cannot wait for Civilization: Beyond Earth next fall. 9.5/10
game-hours: 306.2
review: GOD HAS GIVEN US THE GLORY OF BRETRAYAL AND NUCLEAR WAR WITH GANDHI, thus i give the title of funniest/ funnest game to civ 5, but realy its an amazing game and worth the money.
game-hours: 65.4
review: There is many things wrong with the world. It's your job to fix it. GET THIS GAME
game-hours: 143.9
review: This is a game you may not play too often, but when you start a game, be prepared for the next 5-50 hours to be solely focussed on wiping Gandi off the face of the planet with nuclear weaponary. Your visions of being a peaceful civilisation are shattered by your own self greed for world domination, your small tribe of simple warriors have evolved into super death machines that march from London to Tokyo (perhaps because Japan settled too close to you and the city is only 2 turns walk away). DESTROY, CONQUER AND REBUILD! *ahem* A few downsides to this game is that you may never return to an old campign, each session generally feels like its time to begin anew. Also, no one watching over your shoulder will understand how fun/addictive this game is, You just need to play it to understand.
game-hours: 68.4
review: PLAY IT U WAFFLESSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 211.2
review: It is very fun game to play. And on higher difficulties a challenge to win the game.
game-hours: 82.5
review: Its a great strategy game where you start off as a civilization of your choice and you battle for victory against many other civilizations. The game has different modes and scenarios so no match is the exact same.
game-hours: 105.9
review: Quite possibly one of the best games ever :D
game-hours: 24.4
review: Another remake of Civ. still the best non-space 4X. Sound, Soundtrack & Visuals are all great (although i prefer the Lenard Nimoy voice-over mod). Advisors are back better than ever (now with good tutorials if you need that). Now that units stacking has significantly changed how wars/combat playout (and with this change they kinda ruined the great generals/admirals). I like the new Civ-o-pedia. Culture & Social Policies are a welcome addition. You must use G+K or BNW expansions, preferably both, for the game to really come alive through all ages. Not sure that religon is all that influential in terms of the game outcomes. If you won't get CIV5 with expansions or DLC all on sale, and you aren't modding (steam workshop), then don't bother and get CIV4. Get it when CIV5 is on sale with the expansions, don't bother with DLC until you have played through at least once (unless the DLC comes as extras such as in the Gold pack).
game-hours: 127.0
review: the only game where i can shoot down jets with arrows and destroy tanks with spears. 10/10
game-hours: 1347.5
review: Started off rough, but after patches and DLC is a solid entry. If you like Civ then buy it for sure.
game-hours: 54.2
review: ME like yes good 4 stars out of 2 thumbs thanks obama
game-hours: 379.3
review: A great game for anyone that wants to burn a few hours. Its a game of wit's and brute strength, Forging allies and waging war all to gain a foothold over your rival's. Many or few, every game is different with a huge selection of map types and playable factions. I have played multiple run's of this game and still it is my favorite Civ from Sid so far. I'm sure i'll have many more hours in this game as the acheivment list is 200+. Multiplayer has a little to be desired as the matching can sometime take awhile and games tend to get overpowered one way or another rather early on. Finding solid players that can last a match is uncommon. With all being said the game is definetly playing.
game-hours: 876.6
review: I have played Civilization since the original version and love it to this day. This version has some drastic changes that are unique in the series but is still very much Civilization. Highly recommended.
game-hours: 152.9
review: For those who knows how to think! Not best in series but almost incredible with new DLC.
game-hours: 18.3
review: is good
game-hours: 32.3
review: Ghandi's gonna nuke you.
game-hours: 63.5
review: An awesome strategic game with an endless number of things to do on it. Yes, I said endless. It has nearly 300 achievements.
game-hours: 22.9
review: it cool
game-hours: 248.8
review: Nice addictable game, Just sit back and play how YOU like it.
game-hours: 211.3
review: THIS GAME IS FABTASTIC
game-hours: 8.4
review: Just.One.More.Turn.
game-hours: 17.5
review: I dont have enough hours i this game. its amazingly talented, unlike my skills in it
game-hours: 107.8
review: This game is a wonderful addition to the Civilization frenchise. It has everything you would need. Owning the Brave New World DLC also makes the game play a lot more fun and better. The controls and the gameflow are rather simple and intuitive; I even got by 7 year old brother to play with me and he could play it. Great game.
game-hours: 527.8
review: This fifth installment really brings my previous Civ gaming experiences to the next level. :) As a history and a book lover, Civilization 5 brings me to the days of old when nations are still small, wars are constant, where seeds technological development are still being planted and watered for growth, wonders are being constructed, etc. This game gives users the best perspective of seeing how the nations of the world evolve and continues to evolve until now. Nice gameplay, superb detail and graphics, plus the accuracy of AI leader personalities (based on history) really gives you that great feeling leading your chosen civilization to glory. The different systems in the game, the religion and espionage (in Gods and Kings) adds depth to gameplay. It gives the player multiple ways to achieve victory for a civ. I just love this game so much.
game-hours: 318.8
review: Awesome game, lots of fun with friends. Be prepared to lose all track of time. Just one more turn turns into hours...LOL
game-hours: 95.9
review: Outstanding game, i recommend it to everyone who is looking for a fun turn-based strategy game.
game-hours: 203.7
review: a truly beautiful game that one can play for many hours on end
game-hours: 190.5
review: One Word High price But Addicting Game Wait Thats More Than One Word My Bad
game-hours: 171.5
review: IT IS SOOOOOOOOOOOO AWESOME!!! No, but seriously, you got to play this. psssst. PLAY IT!!!
game-hours: 175.3
review: Civ is brilliant, definately worth the money, especially for the multiplayer.
game-hours: 93.4
review: Great game. However, don't play without a clock because you will lose track of time.
game-hours: 56.1
review: This game!!!!! I'm not usually the type to enjoy a game like this, I'm more into Arma and the such, but picking this up in the sale was a genious idea! Everything looks so crisp and clean, a little hard to get used to at first, but thanks to the tutorial after a game or two you'll pick up everything you need to know. This game is made even better if you have friends to play it with too as thanks to the steam cloud saving you can load up your saved game with your friend anytime, and stop playing whenever you like.
game-hours: 82.5
review: This game is pure crack. There is nothing more addictive than this game. I want to gift this game only to my worst enemies and all the evil mad humans out there. Get somebody in touch with Kim Jong-Un, set him up a steam-account and get him this game: it kills lifetime without being able to be productive in any form(except playing this game). The world will be a better and peacefull place if we can get those kind of people playing CIV V!
game-hours: 279.4
review: Srsly bst gaem evar
game-hours: 52.5
review: This game will make you play for hours and hours and hours it's nonstop fun!
game-hours: 147.8
review: Good game GG no Re
game-hours: 278.0
review: Civ 5 is one of my favorite games I've every played although I've only played BNW and gold edition I've enjoyed every moment. Civ 5 is the best strategy game I have played with it's depth and fun gameplay every game is different. with multiple victory choices your not limited to one way of playing. Each civilization has differnt perks making it interesting to play new civs every game.The expansion of Brave New World focuses on improving the way to win culturisticly and diplomaticly from fully adopting 5 policy trees to out culturing everyone else with tourism and from building a wonder voting on who should be world leader. another big thing Brave New world adds in is world congress where you vote on matters every so often. The addition of the great writer and great musician makes culture count even more. BNW also adds in new civs like Venice, Poland and Morocco. Civ 5 is a great game and recommend it everyone.
game-hours: 336.9
review: So  addictive, just....one......more.....turn
game-hours: 66.9
review: One more turn. One more turn. One more turn. Its been 6 hours.
game-hours: 401.3
review: after completing 2, four hour games today alone, im ready to admit my addiction to it, even got it to run on my work netbook, sweet
game-hours: 260.8
review: Awesome game, one of the best I have ever played.
game-hours: 148.4
review: Fantastic game, buy and enjoy.
game-hours: 143.0
review: The best Strategy game ever.
game-hours: 66.1
review: this is one of my favorite games of all time, if your looking for a game with great gameplay, awsome multiplayer, and hours upon hours of fun... BUY THIS GAME!
game-hours: 41.2
review: This game is a turn based strategy title based on actual history. It makes learning history fun as you take control of countries as far back as the ancient era and rule them in your own way.
game-hours: 52.6
review: Its a really cool game if you like strategy games. This is a really fun strategy game, that has action but also takes a ton of thought. One downside is it takes probably 12 hours minimum for each game.
game-hours: 494.4
review: Ive had the base game a long while now. and the expansions just make it better. this game will never grow old for me
game-hours: 775.8
review: Create History with Greatest CIV game ever made!
game-hours: 373.5
review: one of the best stategy games ive played some things could be better for exaple the soundtrack or diplomatcy but all in all good game
game-hours: 311.8
review: Great game that will offer hours of enjoyment for completionist
game-hours: 138.9
review: BUY THIS THROUGH OUTPOST FOR LIKE 5 DOLLARS
game-hours: 267.6
review: I highly recommend getting this game if you enjoy strategy games. Its very addicting. Just one more turn before bed Oh ! Is it 7am already? Haha.
game-hours: 110.1
review: This is most likely a game.
game-hours: 2.8
review: Really good game and very addictive. Once you get the hang of it it becomes a amazing battle between lands
game-hours: 12.7
review: Civilation V
game-hours: 372.8
review: 1700 We blast off into space (Real life) 2000 We're working on it!
game-hours: 156.0
review: it gandhi/10
game-hours: 130.3
review: One of the games worth playing.
game-hours: 123.1
review: I liked this game great city management. I liked the hitorical accuracy of the special units great people and leaders.
game-hours: 197.3
review: Is a fun game if you want to spend a long time to play. If you enjoy management and strategy you will enjoy yourself. There are very little amount of bugs and glitches but the game can run slow if you have a poor coomputer. Overall I would give this a 8.5 out of 10.
game-hours: 807.6
review: Possibly the best game I have ever played
game-hours: 30.2
review: Was savagely murdered by Gandhi. 10/10
game-hours: 150.1
review: An amazing, addictive, turn based strategy. Modding and multiplayer are incredibly easy to use. Brave New World is an awesome expansion! If you haven't played it, go buy it. Now.
game-hours: 6.7
review: Best strategy game. I like it :)
game-hours: 493.6
review: [Quick Infomation]: I'm completely new to the Civilization V series, but this title is one you should consider picking up! The game is about you taking control of a civilization. For example China. You can choose to start in the ancient age all up til the information age. You can also choose to spawn in the real world or a random map, or just build a map! [Gameplay]: The gameplay is turnbased. You do what ever you want to do in a turn. Press "Next Turn" and the AI (or if Multiplayer a human) does what ever they want. You can choose different kinds of game speeds. Quick, Standard, Epic & Marathon. The difference between the game speeds is how long Research, Production & Grow takes. But movement of units ISN'T slowed. The maps is made of Hexs. It opens up for lots of tactical opportunities. [Gameplay Time]: If you start from the ancient era, and with quick speed. You can easily expect a few hours. Unless you rush your enemies. A marathon can take multiple days. But over the course of multiple days you can get tired with your Civilization. So I do not recommend playing at this speed. I normally take Epic to have a acceptable science speed. and so I have time to explore in a good time. But Marathon is just to boring since there isn't much to do while you wait for the cities to finish production. In the course of 2 weeks I've already played around 100 hours. Only a few games can keep my attention so strong and I'm still playing! [Community]: The game features mod support. The mods are in the Main Menu. Just click on the and connect to steam workshop and there are already many mods for you to use even more time on the game! [Multiplayer]: The multiplayer is not tagged on. It has a great multiplayer. It is pretty much just like Singleplayer but just with humans! But the turns takes some time late game. You can actually turn something called "Pitboss" on. This will do so that every time it's your turn in Multiplayer it can either e-mail you or send you a steam invite. While you do other stuff! But I like the Single player more since there isn't that waiting time. But one quite annoying thing that can't really be fixed is that there will allways be a good one in a game. If you are the good one, it will really decrease the other players morale... If they have a bad time they will proberly quit or just be kind of sad/mad at you (friends) So this game is best at it's Single player. [Final Score]: 9/10
game-hours: 77.0
review: This game is great!!!
game-hours: 94.8
review: Time FLIES in this game, i need to buy diapers to conquer the world
game-hours: 208.2
review: URMURGURD!!!! This game is the tankiest tank of all tankdom, if you have friends get them to get it if they dont THEY ARE NOT YOUR FRIENDS!! If they get it THE FUN WILL NEVER END!!!
game-hours: 141.7
review: peng game 10/10
game-hours: 123.1
review: Shitey.
game-hours: 91.6
review: After playing this for just an hour i was instantly hooked on it. This game is amazing and i recommend it to all strategy fans. 10/10
game-hours: 425.1
review: All time favorite game, I've palyed for hundreds of hours always on huge and have yet to finish a game, but it's about as perfect as a game has ever been to me. If you like strategy with actual diplomacy and trade, this game with all of its expansions accomplishes it.
game-hours: 118.3
review: I like this game alot. I really feel in control of my civilization as I play. I can craft my people into anything. I feel like I make alot of ememies as I play with my friends.
game-hours: 89.7
review: its great buy it
game-hours: 8.8
review: Goog game, but soooo confusing for new players
game-hours: 266.8
review: A really craking game that doesn't stop entertaining. Truly remarkable.
game-hours: 63.5
review: One more turn...
game-hours: 65.8
review: Not as good as CIV IV. But CIV IV is one of the world's best tactic games and not many games are better than it. Civilization V is something new and special. There are new buildings, soldiers and diplomatic possibilities. When you've played it for some hours you know how it works and you can use the many different tools to become the biggest civilization ever.
game-hours: 1105.0
review: Classic Game. Started 15 years ago with Civilization III , continued with Civilization IV and this, Civilization V is the best of all, so far. Highly recommended!
game-hours: 499.9
review: A great statergy game, and througly addictive.
game-hours: 63.2
review: brilliant fun
game-hours: 342.4
review: Great game for the RTS user.
game-hours: 263.8
review: Civ V is a good game if your into strategy and all that
game-hours: 68.9
review: It's good, but this game will just eat up all of your time.
game-hours: 670.3
review: Combat is better than IV but everything else is a little less fun. From what I understand BNW really makes this the game it is supposed to be. It is still a great game though.
game-hours: 60.1
review: How many hours have I lost? What year is it? Why is my underwear solid? These are all questions I ask myself when I finish playing a game of Civ 5 and all of it is worth the pain of 100 asleep buttocks. Seriously though this game is great and worth every penny you could pick up and through at it.
game-hours: 78.4
review: GENOCIDE
game-hours: 611.6
review: I've logged almost 500 hours in this game. Best Civ so far.
game-hours: 90.7
review: One of the most addicting games ever.
game-hours: 108.9
review: I'm not a huge strategy player, but this one hooked me. I cannot reccommend this game if you plan on doing anything with your life other than playing it. The hours vanish when you start it up.
game-hours: 98.3
review: Basicly it's like Paper please, but it's not 10/10 Paper please is good game
game-hours: 79.8
review: Immersive, fun, easy to pick up but hard to master. Really should not miss out on any Sid Meier games, especially not Civ.
game-hours: 538.7
review: Just .. another ... turn ! ^^
game-hours: 190.4
review: Ressearched Internet before Computers. 9000/1337
game-hours: 39.7
review: is gud
game-hours: 122.4
review: Get this game don't be a chump.
game-hours: 118.4
review: Civilization is a turn-based strategy game that is easy to learn, yet hard to master. It is quite entertaining and even a bit educational. However, the games take quite a long time to progress through. Therefore, I only recommend this title to those who have a bit of free-time on their hands and enjoy the game Risk. It should also be considered that both the DLC's for this game ("Gods and Kings" and 'Brave New World") are essential for downloading most of the content found in the Steam Workshop. Both of these DLC's cost as much as the original title at $29.99 a piece or you can purchase the "Sid Meier's Civilization V Complete Edition" which includes both DLC's as well as various other small tid bits of extra content at a much more reasonable price. I personally have had A TON of fun playing Civilization V and although turned off by the high prices of the game's DLC compared to the quantity of content contained in the content (this statement is particularly aimed at "Brave New World"), I still have recommended it to all of my friends. Plainly, this game has infinite replayability and is very entertaining for those who enjoy turned based strategy.
game-hours: 177.8
review: This game will destroy your life, to the point where you need rehab! 10/10
game-hours: 682.9
review: Great strategy game. Easy to learn. Expansions are a must.
game-hours: 14.4
review: Best turn based strategy game PERIOD !
game-hours: 953.5
review: Bestest game ever. Get ready to lose all sense of reality and gain lots of awesomeness and fun when you press 'Play Now.' :) Oh, and be weary of that Gandhi chap...
game-hours: 88.8
review: I highly recommend this game. The graphics are awesome and the gameplay is so open that you can run any civ how you want (although some strategies are more effective than others with certain factions). The game allows for so much variation between individual games and you will never play the same match twice because of random starting points and different civs that you face.
game-hours: 91.4
review: Seriously fun to play with a bunch of friends but beware... the games last forever. FOREVER!
game-hours: 741.5
review: Fantastic game, gave me a very bad case of one-more-turn-itis.
game-hours: 119.3
review: butts
game-hours: 27.6
review: Give this game a good ol rub
game-hours: 510.5
review: Literally the best gaming experience for those with any appreciation for history. This game gives you the ability to rewrite the history of a new world, possesing an industrious nation state/classical empire of your choice. You have the ability to persue a victory in cultural supremacy, scientific achievement, diplomatic popularity, raw conquest, or a tally of points at the end of the year 2050 AD. Every civilizations' unique abilities, units, buildings, or tile improvements correlate accurately to history, and the way that civilization gained power in our world usually ends up it's strong suit in the alternate multiverse created with each game of civilization 5. 10/10 by far worth anyone's time.
game-hours: 105.5
review: Great turned based strategy. Good fun with multiplayer - but expect a chess like game, rather than full on action. Very addictive and replayable.
game-hours: 184.6
review: Speaking from the perspective of someone who's never played the earlier Civilization games here. The stories about Civ 5 being a great time sink are incredibly true, but I find myself somewhat hard pressed to start up a new game after sinking a lot of time into my first game. Just don't expect to be able to please everybody, and don't expect to be able to do all there is to do in a single campaign, and you should do just fine.
game-hours: 209.7
review: >implying that grinding every other civilization off the face of the earth then salting their lands as you suppress riots and famines in your homeland with armor rolling off the lines and pollution choking the skies isn't the best way to win every game.
game-hours: 72.5
review: Amazing game
game-hours: 398.3
review: This is possibly one the best games I've ever played in my life, the modding community is brillaint and i've spent more than 339 hours playing it... Do I recommend it? Hell yeah!
game-hours: 94.9
review: i love this game, so addictive, so real
game-hours: 39.2
review: Just One More Turn... Just One More Turn... Just One More Turn... Just One More Turn... Just One More Turn... Just One More Turn... Just One More Turn... Just One More Turn... Just One More Turn... Just One More Turn... Just One More Turn... Just One More Turn... Just One More Turn... Just One More Turn... Just One More Turn... Just One More Turn...
game-hours: 443.0
review: Civilization has been one of my favourite games since 1994. I've spent hundreds of hours with Civilization 1, which for me was much better than sequels, I never quite liked the way 2, 3 or 4 were made. But 5 is different, and for me it's a worthy successor of Civ1. With God&Kings and A Brave New World expansions, it's tons of fun to play.
game-hours: 54.8
review: Its fun but has a ton of achievements and long games. I suggest a guick game which can be chosen in set up game. The first difficulty is really easy and I suggest starting on a higher difficulty like 3.
game-hours: 189.8
review: Civ has got to be one of the best strategy games I've ever tried. Turn-based and played on a hexagonal field, a bit like a board game, but the special rules in Civ make you think twice before doing anything. One part of the game that I love is how you get to control every little aspect of your Civ; from research and military, to social policies (Communism!) and construction. Another great thing is that there is a BIG selection of different Civs, each with their own unique units and/or buildings and traits, from across time to choose from; such as 18th century America, 1st century Rome, 9th century Denmark, and many more, with another chunk being added with the Gods and Kings expac, such as 17th century Sweden. Also has a f*cking great soundtrack. My conclusion: if you are into other turn-based strategy games, such as Total War, but want en exciting twist, try Civilization 5.
game-hours: 114.3
review: great game full of fun 9/10
game-hours: 307.3
review: great strategy game
game-hours: 707.5
review: Great game, one that can always be replayed and doesn't get repetetive, some aspects of the game are infuriating at points but once you get past them the game reaches a point of unparalleled enjoyment
game-hours: 177.7
review: this is the best game the only game
game-hours: 111.6
review: Very fun game if you like strategy games. DON'T TRUST ANYONE! haha
game-hours: 15.2
review: amazingly amazing :)
game-hours: 371.0
review: I cannot effectively articulate how awesome this game is. Mind the system requirements, but if you meet them, play it!
game-hours: 43.6
review: if you ask me none of the other civs seem all that civilized. gandhi nuking my capital twice screw you gandhi
game-hours: 12.8
review: so fast paced 10/10
game-hours: 22.2
review: If you like games where you can go to war, explore the land, create an empire, and rule the world, then you need this. Amazing graphics, cool scenarios, and a bunch of characters to choose from, this is one of the best strategy games I've ever played. Get it. It's worth it.
game-hours: 141.9
review: its not poochies
game-hours: 48.0
review: best sid meiers game by far it is a very fun game and u dont finish games to fast but it dosent take to long
game-hours: 82.8
review: Amazing Grand Strategy game with massive replayability. Every match plays out differently,and there is no ultimate strategy that works every time. Your strategies will develop over the course of the (long) matches,depending on many different factors,including the behaviour and expansion of the other Civilizations and the traits of both yours and the other Civs, the resources you have available to you, the layout of the world, the advancements in Science... Everything that happens in a match will make you think, reconsider and plan. One very important thing to note is the AI. Without the first expansion, Gods and Kings, the AI is lackluster and often reacts in odd or illogical ways. Both the Dlcs also add a lot of further tactical depth to the game,so if you plan on buying the game,I would definetely recommend that you grab at least Gods and Kings too. The Civilization and Scenario Dlcs can be skipped, but Gods and Kings is almost a requirement as it "fixes"/improves the AI significantly and also adds several new elements into the game. A brave new world adds even more tactical depth and decisionmaking that will shape how the rest of a match plays out, and improves trading,economy,the culture system/victory and diplomacy,and also changes the way a lot of the basic Civilizations work.
game-hours: 21.2
review: awesome!
game-hours: 202.4
review: This is the best game ever made on the planet. PERIOD.
game-hours: 3.1
review: Game is fun.
game-hours: 164.7
review: This is a very fun and intuitive piece of software 100/101 must buy.
game-hours: 146.9
review: If you like deep strategy games, where a military conquest isn't always the right move, then try out Civilization V. This game has kept me up late at night with it's engrossing gameplay, brilliant interface and wonderful design. ...just...one...more...turn...
game-hours: 28.8
review: You see, tanks have a preset kill limit. Knowing their weakness, I sent wave after wave of my own men at them until they reached their limit and shut down
game-hours: 32.1
review: This game is awesome. Time and space with vanish.
game-hours: 22.0
review: very good
game-hours: 71.7
review: Perhaps the best RTS I've ever played and I've played a heck of a lot of 'em. There is no end to the playability that is presented in Civ V. The game is beautiful, as well as challenging and will provide many, many, many hours of gameplay. There are an almost absurd number of factions to choose from, all of them with their own specialties that utilize different playstyles as well as multiple ways to win games, granting almost endless replayability. Perhaps one game, you'd play as Japan and establish an autocratic government, who will win by global domination. Perhaps another time you'll take a shot as America and create democracy, winning the game by becoming the democratic world leader. But if you're feeling really kooky; why not play as the Spartans, establish a scientific society and master space flight? Regardless of how crazy you want it, you can probably do it. It's all up to you. Ever since Alpha Centauri for the ye olde PC, I have always enjoyed a good Sid Meier's game, because there are no other games like these that are as intriquate, difficult, interesting or fun. This game just WORKS, where so many others end up being clunky and poorly designed. If you're into RTS games, want to experience something incredible and you have the patience to endure games that can last multiple hours, pick this up, you won't regret it at all. I won't, however, suggest this to people with a short attention span and/or a lack of patience. You won't enjoy it.
game-hours: 81.0
review: Best strategy game, very intense, and can get addicting
game-hours: 634.2
review: A very addictive game. Countless hours of (re)playability. The Gods & Kings, as well as Brave New World, expansion packs add so much good stuff, it is strange that some people don't have this game yet. As you can see from the amount of hours played, you will not be disappointed when you buy it. Only gripe is that if you play with friends against the CPU in multiplayer, the AI is very stale. Furthermore Mods are not enabled for multiplayer, although they are for single player though (and Irecommend the European and World maps made by the community with true placement). Buy it and prepare for hours and hours of fun gameplay!
game-hours: 96.8
review: Manages to be be both easy to pick up and incredibly tough to fully master, which is quite an achievement. It walks the newcomer through the basics of the game before leaving them to work out how to improve and build from there.
game-hours: 103.8
review: it isssss ammmmmmaaaazzzzzziiiinnngggg game could play for hours
game-hours: 32.7
review: this game is awsome great fun with friends
game-hours: 623.6
review: 300+ hours played, nuff said. gold edition $20 at EB games yarse (:
game-hours: 280.5
review: One of the best editions of Civilization ever!
game-hours: 3119.6
review: Amazing strategy game
game-hours: 39.4
review: Stop. Seriously. Stop. Think about how much time you've got to play. If you have less than six hours, play something that isn't this game. For your own sake.
game-hours: 33.9
review: Civilization 5 is awesome! From becoming the greatest empire of all time too becoming the greatest military force ever known, Cilivilization will keep you entertain hours on end.
game-hours: 66.2
review: Amazing, territorial expansion is slower than civ 4 but it is still great.
game-hours: 27.2
review: I purchased this game recently because a friend reccomended it to me. I can definately see why he told me to get it! I really enjoy the game and I plan to buy the DLC in the future. While the game takes awhile to complete, it is still very fun to play!
game-hours: 510.0
review: I cannot recommend this game enough. No other game allows you to feel as powerful or amazing as this game. I'd recommend not having a job or anything though, it sucks time into it like a black hole.
game-hours: 307.4
review: This is my favorite Civilization yet. It's beautiful, fluid, and still retains the "just one more turn" addictiveness the series is known for. The music is outstanding as well, with themes written for each country that shift and change as you progress through the game. The new tactical warfare really makes a difference too; gone are the stacks of doom from previous games. It's a meat and potatoes tactical addition that really sets this iteration apart from previous games IMO. It's a must-own for fans of the series or turn-based strategy in general.
game-hours: 305.1
review: Great game can play it for hours
game-hours: 270.5
review: this game is really, really fun especially if you have friends to play with you. its the penultimate strategy game at the moment pretty much, and you will waste alot of time on it itll be awessssssomeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee.
game-hours: 390.4
review: You assume the role of one of many great european/asian leaders to your ultimate goal. There is one goal only and that is to eradicate minorities with different means of said 'eradicating'. You may pursue four different paths. You can dominate the sandpeople with your highly advanced weapons. You mayshow them that european/asian culture is supreme. You can trick these fellows into letting you lead the world, trough diplomacy. Or the most logical, trough science. They only live in huts, right? Buy this game if you enjoy bashing minorites, making fun of religion (create your own by using existing religious symbols and then rename it, hilarity ensures) and use nukes. 11/10 like Age of Empires with guns
game-hours: 136.5
review: Awsome
game-hours: 228.6
review: Considering this is a turn based game rather than a shooter it is ridiculously addictive. I've owned each release from Civ. 1 onward and have enjoyed them all. If you don't like the relatively slow start then use a small map and begin in the modern or future eras. This is a really good alternative to shooters if youre willing to think and plan, connive and weasel.
game-hours: 54.8
review: One of the most addictive games I ever played. Recommended.
game-hours: 142.8
review: one more turn...
game-hours: 62.0
review: If your thinking about getting it, get it. I don't even like stratagey games and i love this...
game-hours: 1921.2
review: Great game. Repeat play is excellent.
game-hours: 214.2
review: tis a damn good game that consume your whole life buy with caution, get your mates to play it
game-hours: 71.5
review: Awesome game!
game-hours: 57.4
review: I hope you don't like sleeping or being productive
game-hours: 66.9
review: Absolutley Awesome game, I'm most likely addicted!
game-hours: 188.5
review: Poop Good
game-hours: 55.3
review: A really addicting turn-based strategy game on building and expanding your civilization. It offers hours and hours of fun giving you a rise of plans to conquer the world. This game willl keep you saying "just one more turn."
game-hours: 102.3
review: If your into strategy games and you haven't played civ yet your missing out. It is a fun game to play solo but even funner with friends. I strongly recommend this game and suggest you to get the gold pack so you get most of the dlc.
game-hours: 196.1
review: Very addicting game, albeit historically inaccurate. The engaging gameplay makes up for Ghandi's rampant expansionalism
game-hours: 417.7
review: Firaxis Latest installment to Civilization series (although I recommend quite late..) Civilization take the already glorifying series to upper heigh !, with some gameplay rehaul and enhancement, and introduction of some new nation even siam!!! (xD **) engage in all new diplomacy and technology rehaul. improved AI, Graphic, Newly introduced victory type (Diplomatic Victory) along with the older type such as good ol' Cultural, Technological, and Domination victory. the Game also see a Great modding community that allow you to load and enhance the game without a single dime ! Also new DLC pack "God and King", seen some new nation such as Netherland and Celtic, Religion now also play role in your national strife to glory !!!
game-hours: 17.6
review: THIS GAME WILL RUIN YOUR LIFE. BUT BUY IT. BUT IT WILL SERIOUSLY RUIN YOUR LIFE.
game-hours: 38.4
review: Best turn based stratergy out there. If you have friends with skype tell them to get this game and play it with them, you will have countless hours of fun and then just be dominated by that guy!
game-hours: 19.0
review: If you are planning on having an early night. Don't play this game. "I'll go to my bed at 11" "Ahh it's 12:30 ill go at 1am" "Hmm it's 1;05am may aswell stay until 2am" *Girlfriend comes in* "It's 7AM where you and your friend up all night?"
game-hours: 371.4
review: One of the best strategy games of all time. Would recommend to everyone.
game-hours: 197.5
review: I ing hate barbarians
game-hours: 164.0
review: Civilization V is one of those few games that is enjoyable whether you're playing alone, with friends, with people you don't know or even passing it around with people at your house, it's just a fun game. The amount of different scenarios that can happen is infinite, and as you progress you have this feeling of being a world leader, which is very satisfying and is something I have never seen delivered successfully in a game. You can be what you want, whether it be a nuclear war-lord, or a peace-seeking nation the game is always fun. You can choose to start at the beginning of Civilization, and a huge selection of different iconic eras such as the Medieval, Renessance, Ancient, etc. or you can even start in modern times, or in the future to come. Every game you play lays down new options of how you want to go about doing things, keeping it fresh and fun. A great investment.
game-hours: 796.6
review: Like a Persian, touched for the Darius time!
game-hours: 57.4
review: The fifth iteration of the original Time-Vampire...
game-hours: 146.7
review: The kind of game you can play all day. I can't wait until 6 comes out in the next few years. One of the best games I have ever played.
game-hours: 123.7
review: Big fan of the game. Very addictive, you spend most of your time going "just one turn more".
game-hours: 28.1
review: Fun game
game-hours: 119.5
review: Polecam :P
game-hours: 30.1
review: I've put 300 hours into this game and that's more than I put into relationships haha i'll be here all week people
game-hours: 1715.6
review: It's ok
game-hours: 91.6
review: I think this is a wonderful game and I have played manyu hours of multiplayer. That gameplay is really fun and I reccommend this game!!!
game-hours: 107.4
review: A great play for those who are willing to stay on the same game for hours and hours. The game itself has tons of replayability, and has some great, well priced expansion packs that add even more stuff to the game.
game-hours: 332.3
review: I can deffinitly recommend this game to all strategy game lovers, If anyone ever played any of the earlier civilization games, you should not expect it to be too much like the older ones. Yet even though stuff has been changed or even taken away, that is more than outweighed by new additions, extremely well done graphics, the new soundtracks, and the new combat system.
game-hours: 237.2
review: Seriously? It's Civ 5. If you don't own this game already,you have something wrong with your head brain. If you ever wanted to Nuke Ghandi, backstab Boudicca, and setup trade agreements with Geroge Washington all in the same turn, this is your game. If you ever wanted to invade Rome with a mix of spearman and tanks, well you're stupid, but buy this game. If you haven't bought this game, buy this game.
game-hours: 252.3
review: The king of round-based strategy games Suited for beginners and experts this game offers hundreds of hours of empire-building, diplomacy and war. Brave New World is strongly recommended, as it adds a lot of fun features. Civ5 also supports mods, but only in singleplayer. 9/10
game-hours: 156.1
review: Very fun to play with firends.
game-hours: 244.2
review: Soooooo goooood, especially with friends.
game-hours: 52.4
review: This game is drug... You can play with the history, i mean, where else you could declare war do gandhi....
game-hours: 213.7
review: Very addicting, be prepared to sink a hundred hours, that you didnt mean to, into this game.
game-hours: 43.2
review: Probably myfavorite FPS. Has a lot of the core elements in any good shooter.
game-hours: 119.4
review: After buying this game, I'm finally Happy. You want happiness? Buy this game. Don't look at the price, don't look at other reviews, don't look at anything...just buy it.
game-hours: 181.8
review: Way too much time spent playing this, great game for long trips.
game-hours: 240.7
review: This game really drove the Sid Meier experiance home. Sometimes whille playing I really did feel like I was becoming Sid Meier. It's hands down the most realistic simulation game since Fez II so it was basically real life. At some points of game play I literally thought my name was Sid Meier, so that means the graphics in the game look so real that it makes you feel like you're in real life...for real. Thats why I give this game: 8 cans of Mountain Dew / 3 Family sized bags of Doritos. Graphics:Real Life Gameplay:1 Commentary:63 Directors Cut:9.9999999 Story: Dank/10 Verdict:Yea
game-hours: 99.2
review: Still one of the top turn based strategy games of all time. Every revision has it's own merits; and though some woudl argue as to whether they have improved with each iteration, I certainly tink they have. It still has the same adicting "one more turn" aspect of all civilization games. You will spend hours and hours playing a single game.
game-hours: 361.6
review: Pretty good game, lost hours upon hours to it.
game-hours: 50.0
review: I love this ing game.Its history but ing fun as hell!!!!!!!!!1
game-hours: 27.6
review: Amazing stratergy game.
game-hours: 2356.3
review: I LOVE IT
game-hours: 156.5
review: Well worth the price. I've already gotten my money's worth from this game and am nowhere near done playing it, I forsee dropping over 1000 hours in this game.
game-hours: 29.7
review: addicting as all hell
game-hours: 60.1
review: Civ 5 is addictive, fun, and crazy entertaining!
game-hours: 131.7
review: So fun and always keeps you coming back for more
game-hours: 283.9
review: Really great game! One of the very best turn-based strategy games. The only problem I myself have is that the AI is attacking me out of no-where and its not possible to make a no-aggression packt. (it'd be great, tho.) However, really enjoyable game with lots of thinking. (Normal Civ V - no DLC's or addons.)
game-hours: 26.7
review: With all the available mods, it's a never ending game.
game-hours: 477.1
review: This game is great, well worth the buy
game-hours: 198.8
review: Love this ga,e, just the right pace for an old guy like me.
game-hours: 50.8
review: I would love to write more but I've got to go and destroy another city. All I will say is that it is a super addicting and well designed game.
game-hours: 47.8
review: When Superstorm told me to get Civ V, I didn't think it was an invitaion to become and all-powerful god. This strategy game provides the experience of becoming an influential, powerful leader from history. You can declare war, trade, conquer, and make powerful allies. One con is that it's really upsetting to lose a game after you've worked really hard, so if you're new to Civ V prepare for the worst. overall, this game was exciting, interesting, thrilling, and has amazing graphics. 9/10.
game-hours: 43.2
review: Good game
game-hours: 356.1
review: I enjoy playing this game because I like the idea of being able to develop technologies and advance through the eras. I also enjoy attacking enemy units but find it annoying when I usually lose the battles even with the advantage. Overall, I think that it is a pretty good turn based strategy game.
game-hours: 106.8
review: Do you enjoy not bathing, having cancer, or fighting over the city of "Buttfart" for hours with your friends? If you answered yes to any of these questions or if you really enjoy crying yourself to sleep in a hot sweat of frustration and disapointment, then this game is for you! This game is great, it has caused me to permanently damage my mouse AND my self esteem during the countless temper tantrums that this game promoted! I was meant to be the supreme leader of a great nation but instead I sat and watched the glorious cities of Buttfart, Fatnut, and Dickblood get defiled by the Japanese. Sid Meier is a sick man and so was Ghandi.
game-hours: 34.4
review: This game is ridiculously addiciting. Start a casual game at 3 in the afternoon and end up playing til 4 in the morning. I love this game.
game-hours: 434.9
review: Civ V is an incredibly addicting game, with solid diplomatic and military fighting dynamics, along with excellent visuals and simple menus. Be warned, though, that the AIs seem to be the largest s when it comes to asking for gold and when making dead. I'M LOOKING AT YOU, CHINA! Anyways, it's a great game if you enjoy strategy.
game-hours: 118.4
review: Addictive. Watch your afternoon turn into the evening while trying to survive the world stage! The DLC is a must as it completely revolutionizes the game. Sad about the Mac version not having mod support unless you get tricky with the files, but even then it causes instability. Still glad to have it on both devices.
game-hours: 763.1
review: Cool
game-hours: 273.8
review: Kill Persia
game-hours: 274.8
review: This game is a sleep destroyer, be prepared to lose your life if you start a game. It starts as one more turn, then ends tomorrow . If this game teaches you anything its dont trust the french or gandhi!
game-hours: 988.5
review: Turn based strategy all time top 3
game-hours: 12.4
review: I love this game of stratagy and thinking ahead. It's good for training yourself to think ahead and think what your opponets might do next.
game-hours: 13.7
review: 10/10
game-hours: 144.0
review: It is just so satisfying seeing your city go from a small cottage to a city complete with walls, farms, mines, skyscrapers, and opponents and other disgraces challenging your empire. BTW Sparta has been changed to Rainierville so now on it will be "THIS IS RAINIERVILLE!" ;P Amaze other emipres with your technology, military power, resources, and yur D. Ummm take the last part out. Completely diminish your neighboring empires or betray them. Your military is up for seiges and nailbiting battles for supremacy. Once you take over an empire its hard to stop and i find myself making war plans on who to attack first. When your armies surround a city and you know your enemy is all but done for its hard not to smile. Rewrite history making the Zulu Empire bigger and stop the spreading of the British. Team up with Native American factions and stop the Seven Years War from ever existing. One last thing. The soundtrack has me occasionally jumping out of my seat and dancing BEWARE. Final Verdict: 8/10
game-hours: 417.5
review: Single player is fun, I have been playing it a lot the past week and even though I feel like I still don't get everything I don't have to in order for it to be fun. After getting a really good deal for the game and all existing DLC, I feel like I haven't even scratched the surface in things I can do. Only major complaint I have is that players online suck. Not as players, though they will mostly pick "overpowered civs" to try to compensate for something... No... as people they do. They will quit the first time something doesn't go their way (lose units to barbarians cause they are being dumb, lose out on a world wonder they were building, etc) to the point where you are playing against all AI before you can even build up an army to face the other civs. That takes all the fun out of trying to play online.
game-hours: 170.6
review: This game comes with an addiction problem.
game-hours: 429.5
review: The best turn based strategy game out there!
game-hours: 169.3
review: An excellent strategy and conquest game, completely worth the 20$.
game-hours: 232.7
review: Awesome Game... But not enough hats.
game-hours: 90.5
review: 1 more turned' my spring break away 10/10
game-hours: 491.1
review: Awesome game which requires much intelligence
game-hours: 199.2
review: Its a very good game. Time consumer yes. Can take a whole weekend on a single game. Not the best when playing only against AI opponents, religion is kind a dumb system if compared to CiV IV, also why no technology trading? Still I recommend this game.
game-hours: 2436.0
review: Amazing game
game-hours: 343.4
review: 10/10. Best Time Travel Simulator 2086. I once started a game of Civ, and when I stopped, it was several months later. A really good game can get you up to ten years into the future. Some say a perfect one can actually take you into omnitime and actually reverse and go back. I reccomend this.
game-hours: 84.6
review: George washington built the pyramids and Ghandis an international terrorist. 10/10
game-hours: 87.4
review: good strategy game, with creative options for differant victories, incase world domination and utter anilation of everyone was not enough for you. only major issue is the load time of saved games is very long, feel it could be smoother.
game-hours: 110.5
review: Games take forever, but even if you stop after 5-8 hours it's still fun to do. Great for everyone who likes to be able to fine tune forever.
game-hours: 5.9
review: Fun but a little frustrating. I grew up playing Age of Empires and this was much more technical (and fun).
game-hours: 205.2
review: It is a very nice game and it is really addicting. I had lots of fun playing this game. I really recomend it.
game-hours: 167.0
review: briliant game.
game-hours: 66.3
review: If you have the time for this game it's surpringly fun and replayable. Matches can take a while but it's definately worth picking up.
game-hours: 351.8
review: One of the best turn by turn strategy games I have ever played, and I am definetly not saying that just to finish the pillar of the community badge.
game-hours: 215.3
review: I love this game! I grew up playing Age of Empires and Age of Mythology, so this was great to find.
game-hours: 138.4
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V: the only game that i can play for straight 12 hours. just, one more turn....
game-hours: 596.0
review: Great Game, really buliding on Civ IV
game-hours: 70.2
review: This game....this game. It's like nutella. Seems kiddy on the outside, but the goodness damn epic. I've never actually attracted to strategy games frankly. I was the kind of guy that was all about pew pew...pew pew games. But damn this game is easy, and enjoyable. I've heard that the older Civilization games are harder than this. But this games is like an opening to anyone who wanted to try or know what a strategy game is like. Now excuse me, nuking Gandhi back.
game-hours: 189.4
review: Lots of land to explore, lots of different civilizations to play and ways to improve your growing kingdom. This game does take a bit of time to play, but it is rewarding for all the hours you put into it. This was the first Civilization game I played and it taught me some things in history that I didn't know. With all the content put into this game (Now including DLC Brave New World and Mods) this game should keep you busy for quite a while.
game-hours: 17.3
review: I have played lots of games but this is my love :)
game-hours: 55.2
review: Awesome game but can take a while with a lot of enemies ;p
game-hours: 118.2
review: Great strategy game. It may take a while to get into the multiplayer but if you have a group of friends it is excellent. Singleplayer is also entertaining.
game-hours: 727.1
review: It is good
game-hours: 122.7
review: me gusta mucho
game-hours: 586.8
review: The biggest problem with Civ. 5, is that the game is borderline bland and boring without any of the incredible DLC. Though with all of those(which if you buy on a Steam sale wont be to pricy)put together, you get a beautifully crafted turn-based trategy game that demands hundreds of hours to be put into and always lets the player find something new when they play it. It also very easily teaches the player to play, with difficulty levels going from very beginner to experienced master Civilization 5 is a wonder of a game that demands attention.
game-hours: 59.8
review: Is good
game-hours: 403.8
review: This game is great and is fun to play with friends.
game-hours: 808.4
review: Expertly balances the grand majesty of human accomplishment with the cartoonish evil of nuking Mahatma Ghandi into the stone age.
game-hours: 113.8
review: Great game
game-hours: 50.9
review: GOOOOOOOOD. SOOOOOO GOOOOOOOOD
game-hours: 467.6
review: i like the game very much, is realistic and enjoyable. 9.5/10
game-hours: 60.1
review: Coming from a guy that never really was into strategy games. This has to be one of the best buys I have ever done during a summer sale! A must have game!
game-hours: 108.7
review: An excellent game! Great graphics and gameplay
game-hours: 0.7
review: Do you like having no clue what you are doing, while thinking you might actually be doing something? You would love this game. So kawaii
game-hours: 105.5
review: A hardcore starcraft 2 play lose himself in a turn base strategy game.....
game-hours: 62.2
review: One of the best strategy games I have ever played! The turn-based gameplay might not be suited for everyone, but you get used to it very quick and the gameplay is just awesome. There are unlimited ways how to envolve your culture and rule in peace or conquer wit the iron fist.
game-hours: 143.1
review: This game is AWESOME!!! Not as awesome as Civilization 2 but still , will beat any TBS game any time of the day.
game-hours: 217.7
review: Don't buy this game. While the price tag may say a monetary amount, it doesn't mention the cost of your social life. I'm trapped in this game, there's no escape. I can't even tell reality from civ anymore. Was the sino-roman war even a real thing? Help.
game-hours: 91.4
review: Fun times.
game-hours: 211.6
review: I have sunk tons of hours into this game...great game for your money.
game-hours: 321.9
review: Civ 5 does not disappoint.
game-hours: 47.9
review: This game is a bit hard to master, but once you get into it you can spend hours having fun pillaging, trading, exploring, or doing whatever. I strongly reccomend this game, and i'll give it a solid 9.5/10 Also also also, buy Gods and Kings, and the other DLC's, adds alot of fun content
game-hours: 46.4
review: I love this game. It has an awesome soundtrack, great mod support, and really addicting gameplay
game-hours: 20.2
review: It is a great way to spend your hours of uselessness
game-hours: 1787.1
review: The Civilization series has colonized our hard drives in Mesolithic of video games. It has uninstalled dozens of FPS advancing like a barbarian horde shouting "Just one more turn!". Today has come under our city walls with the splendor of the fifth hexagonal wonder! All resistance is futile! La serie Civilization ha colonizzato i nostri hard disk nel mesolitico dei videogiochi. Ha disinstallato decine di sparattutto avanzando come un'orda barbarica al grido di "Solo un altro turno!". Oggi  arrivata sotto le nostre mura con lo splendore della quinta meraviglia esagonale! Ogni resistenza  futile!
game-hours: 159.0
review: This is one of the best games I've ever played in my entire life, if you're a fan of strategy games, this is your nirvana right here! 9.5/10
game-hours: 60.2
review: A fresh next gen take on the classic that shaped PC gaming on earth, this is a beast of a game, no single human born after the 90's can say it never heard of sid mier's CIV game... To review this i would need some 2 history books and a couple of pages....
game-hours: 66.9
review: Its an awsome strategy game if you ask me
game-hours: 33.1
review: This game is rather exquisite. It inspires me to raise an army and conquer the world with brute force. Thank you for your time.
game-hours: 253.3
review: Full of Entertainment, best thing is that every game is different.
game-hours: 18.1
review: bichass game 10/10
game-hours: 228.6
review: Very amazing game.Online could use some work and i feel like you have to buy the dlc to get into a online game sometimes but its really fun when your in one.One of the best Strategy games i have ever played.Its not like Total war though,their is a strategy to military units and how you use them and place them but its not complex or anything.Its mostly about growing your civilization and becoming number 1 through military,diplomicy,science,or cultural.Each civilization has its own "perks" and had advantages.For example,japan military units fight at full strength even when damged or russia gains double the amount of strategic resources when harvested. Its also very cool to see time go by and how your civlization changes especially in the modern age.When you get really far in the game you even get to nucular weapons which is when it gets really crazy and the space age etc. If you get gods and kings,which i highly recemend also,it adds religion and the modern age is split it to more ages and last allot longer which is a good thing.You also have vast game options for what you want your game like,you can decide if theirs barbs,how many city states,what type of map you want to play on (Around 25 or so map types.Example:pangea,continents,small continents,islands,europe, etc.)you can set at the pace of the game to make it go faster like building and learning stuff faster,you can set turn timers for online games,set the age of planet,amount of resources on map,and allot more crazy stuff like sea level and more! Anyone who is a fan of strategy games,this is a MUST buy.Though its not perfect,military i feel like could have more strategy but theirs enough to make it competive and to where you can beat a civilization with a much stronger military if you have good unit placement and where you maek them attack etc.Without gods and kings some civilizations are a little overpowerd like france and ai can be s sometimes which is why i play online.Overall this game is great and one of the best strategy games i have ever played,better than total war in my opinion.
game-hours: 142.9
review: Challenging and crazy fun. This game makes time disappear.
game-hours: 92.8
review: This game is very addictive and is very fun to play. And I higly suggest this game. This game gets even better with the big and small dlc's like Brave new world and Gods and kings and other dlc's and expansions
game-hours: 484.9
review: Let your imagination flow and empire grow.
game-hours: 1143.2
review: IS GUD
game-hours: 503.2
review: This game is the best strategy game I have played ever! You should get it NOW!
game-hours: 48.5
review: Excellent upgrade to the previous release of Civ.
game-hours: 89.9
review: ITS IN AMAZING!
game-hours: 75.9
review: I got this game with my pre-order of XCOM Enemy Unknown. And I have played it almost twice as many hours. Alright, so the net code is largely wank. Hamachi can fix that. With steam workshop support it's very easy to mod, and can greatly enhance your experience.
game-hours: 85.2
review: amazing game to play with friends or single player
game-hours: 189.2
review: If you like long drawn-out strategy games and building things, then this is the perfect game for you. The biggest difference of Civ V with its predecessors is immersion. When playing Civ V, it's very easy to become emotionally attached to your civilization. Be ware, however, that Civ V is long and drawn out, even on quick mode. A full-scale game can often last weeks and even months, and it's difficult to keep your body alive while partcipating in a game of Civ V.
game-hours: 245.1
review: Run. Look away from this place. If you delve deeper, you won't escape. The only thing worse than a wonderful game, is a wonderful game that never ends. Now if you'll excuse me, Ghandi's totalitarian regime is demanding Brazil's sacred Jewel mines.
game-hours: 61.1
review: Amazing!!
game-hours: 34.6
review: Very good game. Title is deceiving though, Sid Meier is NOT a playable leader.
game-hours: 142.8
review: Class.
game-hours: 71.7
review: This game is AWESOME if you like strategy games... Wish I had someone to play it with...
game-hours: 49.7
review: This game is a game. A good game.
game-hours: 283.3
review: It's really quite a fun game. You can choose whether to make it fast games or epic long games. plus the modding community seems pretty large.
game-hours: 44.9
review: If you've ever wanted to be Ghandi, build the Great Wall of China in the middle of Africa, or blow the  out of George Washington with a Nuclear bomb, you should play this game.
game-hours: 71.3
review: The amount of content available in this game is ing insane, the addiction factor is up there with the best games out there and it never feels like a chore, best casual strategy game out there up to this date. 10/10
game-hours: 247.2
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V never ceases to amaze me with its content. With the sheer variety of customization options, every single game is different. There are so many ways to play as essentially any past civilization you could imagine, that it is surely my favorite game of all time.
game-hours: 111.6
review: Yes, I'm a dumb gamer who sits around playing FPS games, I don't like platformers that much, or puzzle games, or RTS games, but this is the best thing since Aunt Phanny put her foot in a shoe! Careful! You need to do this in long sessions. *I am not in any way responsible for any ill health effects caused by being addicted to this game"
game-hours: 26.9
review: What can I say about Civilization V... I am not a big fan of the strategy genre, yet this game has that charm, which makes me play it, makes me interested on how my civilization will live on. The game is really slow-paced, yet the time really flies playing it. Graphics are pretty good, considering it's a strategy game. This game pretty much never gets repetitive, everytime you can start differently, and win differently. Only thing I dislike- 1 leader for entire civilization in ages. It kinda doesn't make sense to me, because the same leader living thousands of years... It's weird. Because of that, I'd rate this game a solid 9.5/10, I highly suggest you buy it.
game-hours: 751.0
review: love this game, very addictive. i play it for hours on end
game-hours: 268.8
review: Day 3: No food, no sunlight, and no water. Ever since I got this game I can't stop playing. This game is too addicting. Please help.
game-hours: 143.8
review: One of the best games eveer!
game-hours: 695.3
review: Very addictive
game-hours: 198.9
review: Pure procrastination fuel.
game-hours: 73.8
review: It was once said that man can be entertained for hours on end with the simple image of boobs. While this is true, man gains nothing from this other than an erection, dirty tissues and a hard to explain smell on his . Purchasing this game is not only a visual pleasure for your brain. It helps you understand that 10 hours in a chair can really mean something. Your wife or significant other may leave you due to the new smell that has appeared. But at least you can cleanse the land of all that oppose you without being called a racist or going to jail.
game-hours: 57.6
review: Controlling your own civilization? Who wouldn't love that? and with the expansion packs you can just keep going forever. You can also get the satisfaction of beating your militaristic friends with science. There is only one thing I don't like about this game...Those damned Barbarians
game-hours: 105.2
review: Best strategy game I've ever played, it's silly how addicting this game is. Once you start a game and you get into it - you instantly forget about time.
game-hours: 37.3
review: One of the best games I've ever played. If you get the chance to buy this game, do it. You'll pay for every move you make, weather it be good or bad. Also, playing as different civilizations gets you special rewards and perks depending on how you like to play. Pick it up now!
game-hours: 60.2
review: I pour hours and hours into this game at a time! I get so distracted and sucked into, I have no idea why.
game-hours: 297.2
review: yaw dis shizz be a pretty good strat 11/10 would play again
game-hours: 498.5
review: THIS IS FUN.
game-hours: 566.0
review: One of my favorite games
game-hours: 538.6
review: I Love this game by far the best game you can get for wartime fun. The strategy that goes into building your Empire up and making everyone happy and fat with food. after you build it up i normaly shot for a Fight to death to see who wins and it's Epic the way you feel after Beating the  out of your Bff in Multi player.
game-hours: 110.7
review: 95 out of 100 I definatly like the turn based play because it gives a refreshing change from the real time stratagy games I usually play. It can be a little repetetive playing against the computer though so try playing it with others for variety.
game-hours: 19.2
review: This game is very entertaining, and i recomend it to anyone. I dont like turn based games, but this game is so well done and so entertaining that i never even notice that i have to wait for turns. The npc's move so fast, its almost like you never stop being in control. There are so many unique strategies to follow and the outcome of any two games are never alike. This is a spectacular game, and if i were you, i would seriously consider getting it.
game-hours: 842.9
review: One of my favorite games ever. Civ V features such great variety that you can play for 600 hours (like I have) and it still feels fresh. The game is well rounded and each of the victory options is obtainable in an enjoyable fashion. Each Civ for the most part feels different, and most are tailored to a specific victory type. The AI is strong and on higher difficulties very capable of beating you, however its through boosts not skill.
game-hours: 43.6
review: One of the best turn based strategy games I have ever played, each game will be different and unique to its map and A.I. personalities.
game-hours: 876.6
review: I have played Civilization since the original version and love it to this day. This version has some drastic changes that are unique in the series but is still very much Civilization. Highly recommended.
game-hours: 152.9
review: For those who knows how to think! Not best in series but almost incredible with new DLC.
game-hours: 119.8
review: Definitely a Must Buy as it really worth the price you pay for. A game that uses strategy and planing in order to conquer or achieve a certain objective. Isn't it everyone dream to take over the world or being the leader of an advance nation? well at least for me :). If single player is just not your thing, get a bunch of friends and start teaming up or backstabbing them in the back to gain control in Multiplayer :) do remember is just a game though dont get serious when one bite your back haha. Great game, for those who enjoy turn base and strategy game :) . it so interesting till you don't realize you have played it for hours haha
game-hours: 293.7
review: Brave New World Expansion just made this game even better. Ever wanted to play and take part in a subtle satire towards western worlds policy of subtle collonisation? Finally I can be a coward and hide behind trade sanctions and luxuary bannings. Starving millions and salting the earth of my enemies Take that Darius!
game-hours: 184.6
review: If your looking for a game that let's you literally rule an entire empire againest other empires through the test of time, then you should give this game a go. It's very addictive and will make you keep going turn through turn, only to look at the clock to realise what felt like and hour, turned into seven instead.
game-hours: 133.5
review: BE VERY CAREFUL PLAYING THIS GAME!!! You make think you know what time it is, time to nuke Gandhi, but you realize that 3 days have passed since you have started your game and you haven't drank or ate in the last 18 hours. This game keep you saying "Just one more turn!" but don't let it make your decisions for you, like when you should use the bathroom or when you should get another sandwich. If you see this game on sale buy it immediately, oh and Brave New World did amazing things for this game, buy it as well.
game-hours: 203.7
review: With gods and kings and brave new world, this game is the finished product. Cant recomendi it enough for turn based stragety fans. A giant that will be hard to beat for 6.
game-hours: 163.6
review: great game, has its flaws but makes up for it with its great replayability. its even more fun if you play it with friends.
game-hours: 309.5
review: Civ V is a a great game, provided you have the Gods and Kings, and Brave New World expansions. Vanilla Civ V is clunky and incomplete. But with the addition of the two expansions this game turns from a dud into the best game in the franchise. I highly recommend buying this with the two expansions, if you can afford it.
game-hours: 806.1
review: One of the best, long running franchises in gaming history. A must have title for gamers of all types.
game-hours: 51.0
review: This one perhaps the greatest strategy game of all time. Strategy is indeed a huge part of the game, but psychology also is, especially when playing with friends. It has enormous depth, gold edition, including science, economy, happiness, combat and so on. The game is fun singleplayer, but online with others, preferablly 3 or more, it becomes one of the best of all time. Nothing is more satisfying than leading your people to a glorious victory, by conquering others in the process or researching the most of the world.
game-hours: 45.8
review: Great game, will kill time immensily. Great replay value a def. must buy.
game-hours: 271.6
review: 4/5 Endgame without DLC becomes Snoozeville. Buy.
game-hours: 377.5
review: Excellent game, better with each installment!
game-hours: 427.9
review: ciV (civ-V / civ-5) with all the DLCs brings back everything you had in Civ-4, but with a bit more polish. If you can score this with Gods & Kings together on sale, grab it if you like the Civ franchise.
game-hours: 131.6
review: Sid. Meier's. Civilization. I think that just about sums it up, doesn't it?
game-hours: 807.1
review: 10/10 viewteeful gaym kunt staph playeen evereeone chuld plaee diz gaym cuz itz awsum
game-hours: 31.2
review: 10/10 Would Civ Again!
game-hours: 1381.1
review: its a good game
game-hours: 94.0
review: Looking to waste your life away? Better get this!
game-hours: 114.1
review: Incredibly in-depth, tactical experience, unrivalled by any game I've played to date. It's epic in scale, fantastic in gameplay and huge in scope and size. Purely magnificent.
game-hours: 237.2
review: Great game. Make sure you get all the expansions in order to get the best out of it :)
game-hours: 63.4
review: This game is highly addicting and insanely fun. 1000/10. Advised to buy on sale as it's pricey as fudge.
game-hours: 251.9
review: Good game, still miss some features 4 had though.
game-hours: 68.8
review: If I had to be fair, to play this game you should have six or more hours to spare. The time goes by fast but the game it's a blast. Do not trust Ghandi.
game-hours: 90.2
review: Boring kelley a$$ game that is only good for one playthrough. Don't regret the purchase though.
game-hours: 147.3
review: Great Game!
game-hours: 195.3
review: Games sucks. 10 out of 5
game-hours: 78.2
review: This is an amazing game, I would recommend buying it. If you do buy it, make sure you have friends to play it with as it is much more fun with friends.
game-hours: 33.7
review: amazing game. addictive and really fun. don't start playing right before finals week
game-hours: 40.2
review: As someone who was never big on turn-based strategy games before I played this, I can honestly say this is probably the best strategy games i have EVER played, the mechanics synergise so well together, and whether working together or against each other, you can have an amazing amount of fun with your friends on this. Buy it for the love of of all that is good and pure.
game-hours: 380.4
review: Le denouncement faec.
game-hours: 505.5
review: Great game, just what i expected. Series hasn't lost a step since the 90's
game-hours: 136.9
review: 10/10 Great gameplay, fun with friends and incredibly addicting.
game-hours: 59.3
review: Is good game.
game-hours: 1183.8
review: one ofthe more possitive time consuming games i have ever played, though its still lacking in some areas.
game-hours: 341.6
review: such barbaroos
game-hours: 363.2
review: Don't buy it. It will consume your life Jk It's a ton of fun...until you're up until 3AM saying 1 more turn
game-hours: 131.4
review: I recommend this!
game-hours: 238.8
review: THIS IS A FUN GAME AND I ENJOY IT
game-hours: 178.3
review: Just... one... more... TURN!
game-hours: 93.7
review: #WontStopUntillIHaveDestroyedEVERYTHING!
game-hours: 446.8
review: Veni Vidi Vici :D
game-hours: 41.1
review: I do injoy the game style of the game, as being both challenging and fun is aways a plus in a turn based game.
game-hours: 343.4
review: This game is great for people who are first-time strategy gamers. The idea of the time line (from begining of civilization, to the future) is very rare. For all I know this is the only game that has this time line.
game-hours: 148.4
review: Great game.
game-hours: 330.4
review: You will forget to eat because of this game.
game-hours: 237.1
review: One more turn...
game-hours: 138.7
review: This game is really fun and you can spend hours playing a single round. I reccoment getting all the DLCs when their on sale, the DLCs are really good and add alot of content. The only thing I don't like is that the ai isn't very agressive.
game-hours: 163.7
review: Best civ ever made !
game-hours: 164.8
review: Wow, this game is SOOOOOOO addicting! PLAY IT, PLAY IT NOW! (i sold my car to buy the game and expansion packs)
game-hours: 747.3
review: to much fun
game-hours: 16.2
review: Remember the good ol' days of playing Age of Empires for hours on end, and still barely scratching the surface? Well now imagine that you do the same thing but you haven't even seen the surface yet. Civ V is one of the best, and in-depth, strategy games I've played. It's a classic example of "Oh I'll just play for an hour or so" and the next thing you know the sun is rising and you've been up all night declaring war and toppling empires. Highly addictive, enormous fun, and multiplayer is brilliant, even locally. This game is worth whatever the price tag says.
game-hours: 605.2
review: Good game, excuse me but it's my turn again.
game-hours: 161.5
review: This game will destroy your social life.
game-hours: 1027.1
review: Incredibly addicting.
game-hours: 577.3
review: it an interstating game to play i enjoy it
game-hours: 124.1
review: Yes
game-hours: 177.3
review: Civilization V is where you come to pour tons and tons of important hours of you life into an amzing game. It's worth it I promise. This is basically a electronic boardgame about the revolution of civilizations. You can play as any world leaders or your own character, and develop through time goes. Each turn equals to a year. And this game is very interesting, you can either be a warmonger and claim all the land or be friends with everyone and be very kind and work deep into politics. Declare war and trade all day and build until you fly into space itself. Civ V is a good game. So just buy it already. 9/10
game-hours: 261.7
review: No other game feels as epic. The feeling of building a great Empire that can stand the test of time is really where Civilization 5 shines.
game-hours: 113.3
review: You get addicted, but it's a good addiction, and you should accept it
game-hours: 47.4
review: great!
game-hours: 497.5
review: Spectacularly fun, ridiculously addicting - you should just get the "Brave New World" expansion to start out with; the original and 1st expansion (Gods and Kings) still left the game a bit crippled with frustratingly random AI behavior, but the gameplay feels very solid and complete now. HUGE time sink :D
game-hours: 233.8
review: Wow
game-hours: 61.9
review: Worth it, GOTY of the YEAR OF THE GAME IS GOOD BUY IS GOOD I PLAY YOU PLAY? YOU PLAY YOU BUY... YOU BUY.
game-hours: 314.1
review: It is amazing there is two DLC for it and that adds so much, but even with out the DLC It is still amazing you can play together to who will win. You can Amercia rule money and many Armys also so many other Countrys.
game-hours: 187.7
review: Very enjoyable game.
game-hours: 195.2
review: This is an incredible game with a nice user-friendly interface and complex strategies. A lot of fun in multiplayer...defiently worth every penny :D
game-hours: 87.4
review: lost hours of my life
game-hours: 142.7
review: This game was worth every penny.
game-hours: 195.5
review: Addictingly brilliant. I've lost entire days playing this, and I have no intentions of stopping anytime soon. Each playthrough, leader, map, and (perhaps most wonderfully) mod, presents a new an unique experience.
game-hours: 53.3
review: dis geam is gud too
game-hours: 104.5
review: I really went out of my comfort zone when i asked for this game as a gift, and i must say that i love this game. Fairly engaging, good depth, and countless ways to go about tending to your civilization. +++ Recommend buying for all types of gamers!
game-hours: 161.0
review: One of the best games ever if you have a nice group of friends to play with. Me and my pals play all the time. worth the buy. also note YOU DO NOT NEED GOLD TO GET BRAVE NEW WORLD
game-hours: 218.1
review: Love it you all should play this great game.
game-hours: 644.0
review: Great game that you can play multiple times and each time is different.
game-hours: 171.0
review: this game is good everyone should buy it
game-hours: 69.1
review: buy this so you can play with me pls
game-hours: 765.8
review: The game is amazing, very difficult to tear yourself away once you get going. The expansion packs are highly recommended as well!
game-hours: 162.9
review: If you don't own this game, you should.
game-hours: 97.1
review: What can you say about Civ V? If you dont already have this....buy it. Addictive as anything and so much fun. Yes it's an RTS but the turns don't get in the way. You will want to win on each and every civilization available.
game-hours: 53.3
review: This game is time consuming. NEVER start a game if you have plans in atleast 4 hours! I have no regrets though... my friends? Maybe...
game-hours: 17.4
review: this game is really bad for my character. every time i play it i become insane and just kill everyone in the game.
game-hours: 258.0
review: G
game-hours: 185.4
review: and you thought skyrim was life consuming
game-hours: 670.9
review: I dont think there has ever been a game that makes me lose track of time as much as this.
game-hours: 78.8
review: Fun game. Wish it was less time-consuming.
game-hours: 157.6
review: One of my favorite games on steam. Much improved from Civ 4 and easier for the regular player to pick up if you like any kind of rts or city building game then this is for you. It's basically a much simpler version of the Total War games.
game-hours: 43.8
review: THIS GAME IS AMAZING!
game-hours: 144.9
review: MLG
game-hours: 96.1
review: Ghandi is a massive
game-hours: 105.3
review: This is a turn-based settling/fighting game in which you are a random world leader from a random time period and you build an empire and then you kill each other. What more could you want from a game? COMPUTERBOARDGAMEWOOHOO MINE MINE MINE MINE MINE MINE ~seagulls (finding nemo)
game-hours: 240.6
review: Look, if u don't think being able to wage war on Bismark as Alexander the Great using stealth bombers is literally the raddest thing then get out of my face + i h8 u
game-hours: 115.8
review: Nuked Jerusalem 20/10
game-hours: 106.2
review: Live the life of scrooge mcduck and play as Venice
game-hours: 130.8
review: its good if you are up for a game that lasts for a while and constant initial lag when u rejoin later in the game.
game-hours: 261.9
review: i absolutly (pretty sure im going to spell stuff wrong but whatever) love the gameplay and the history aspect of the game. people who like turn based stratagy games like "Xcom: enemy unkown" would really like this game exept in civ you have more control of everything that is happening unlike Xcom. i bet some of you guys watch youtube vids on this and look at it thinking it is a very complex and hard to understand game but it is a lot simpler than it looks. i have over 100 hours on this game and i have even gotten some DLCs. i even got some of my friends to get the game and play with me. in all i find it a really fun game and i give it a 10/10.
game-hours: 70.4
review: ... Stay back.... get away from this game... once you pay the money to buy it you will download it... start it.... pick your favorite civ... after a couple of turns an hour or two pasts by... you don't realize the time..... next thing you know your being attacked by China because she is a  who betrays good friends of her and then try to kill you. STAY AWAY FROM THIS GAME DO NOT BUY IT IF YOU DO YOU WILL GO CRAZY AND START TO MUTTER ABOUT IRON AND URANIUM TO NUKE CHINA UNDERBREATH EVERYDAY.... WATCH OUT FOR GHANDI
game-hours: 240.0
review: 10/10 WOULD ERADICATE ANOTHER RACE IN MASS GENOCIDE AGAIN, HITLER SIMULATOR 2010
game-hours: 673.8
review: An awesome game! Highly recommonded from someone who has spent maybe a little too much time on this game...
game-hours: 177.0
review: great micro-transactions. But rather poor cutscenes. 69/10 420
game-hours: 234.2
review: Excellent game to play with a group of buddies.
game-hours: 236.0
review: Its a good game....'nough said.
game-hours: 94.6
review: This game is extremely fun its one of those games that you say "Ok its 9:30 Am I'll play for a little then I'll do something else." When you look back up its 5 Pm
game-hours: 309.9
review: This game is the best game ever made! Chose what sort of game style you want to have, diplomatic, trade or use brute force, to gain control over the world. This game i came back to many times. It comes many new games, to to try out. But if you buy this game you have a game that you always will come back too. If you are new to this sort of games, just play it on a easy difficulty, and you be just fine. This game gets new DLC all the time, and its community, build new maps, challanges for you to try out. Its always something new to come back too. Build an army of warriors, or convert the world to you're religion to get the upper hand. Its the best game here on steam.
game-hours: 165.1
review: For anyone who wants to conquer the world, to make it a better place, or bring peace to a war torn land. This is the game for you. Running your own Country is unlike anything to come to the market.
game-hours: 61.2
review: you can be france and get wine tenouttaten
game-hours: 106.7
review: Vietnam
game-hours: 123.6
review: The good news is that I finally slaughtered Gandhi. The bad news is that in doing so I forgot to feed my cat three days in a row. I now have several half-eaten bird carcasses on my front porch; I named them all Gandhi. 10/10.
game-hours: 177.0
review: Still the best long-run turn based strategy game series in existance. This version perfects many of the issues the prior iterations had and adds a ton of new content.
game-hours: 6514.8
review: I like the large maps and exploring new territories. I love that the other civs are random and you never know who you will run into. I became quite addicted to this game and have over 6,000 hours of game play. The graphics and AI are good and I can spend several hours per day playing.
game-hours: 434.3
review: Hours of fun both against AI and against friends. Great for casual and more competitive gaming.
game-hours: 457.0
review: My favourate game. Awsome tile graphics and great game interface whether you want war, peace, or something else. Thiss game has it all!
game-hours: 216.8
review: On diety (The hardest difficulty) I used 29 nukes on Gandhi's army..... another 8 on his capitol just so I could win. And guess what..... It was a hell of alot of fun.
game-hours: 648.1
review: This game is my favourite when it comes to the Strategy genre. Get this with the expansions, especially Brave New World and you will quickly have 100+ hours of fun.
game-hours: 65.5
review: played this game for 12 houts straight
game-hours: 28.4
review: Not only the best turn-based strategy out there, also one of the best game overall. Pressed Play tutorial and played for 5 hours!!!! That's just the beginning.
game-hours: 331.7
review: Quite possibly the best and most complexly amazing game I have played! 250/100!
game-hours: 17.2
review: Awesome game. Recommend it to anyone who likes RTS games or TBS games.
game-hours: 662.1
review: l art du jeu de strategie
game-hours: 174.4
review: in dis gaem, u pway ash a tiem travling prestitent, tryin 2 be a hela dope country u strt out as da leadur of ur countre, but ur contres hella dumb and pore, so u gota make it hela smart by growin it akkordinly as u gr0w it up, ull start 2 meet other sivs liek ching chon cheena or mummy get da camra egypat, who r also time travling like u sometiems, thye'll buly u and try to get rid of u, so u gota use ur cuning diplomacy to get rid of em. or ur cumming miltary to rekt dem there are alota ways 2 win. u can be da worl leady by bein social with sity states and gibeing them mone. u can take ova da worl by captuing a contres capital with ur militarie. u can be hela smart and land a prob on a comet and get yeld at by feminsts. u can be make hela pantings and get tourism in ur contrie, causin every1 2 move there. or just build alot of worl wonders and wait intill the year 2050. dis gaem is kinda like a faecb00k game, except u caint pay monie 2, and it ends eventualy Found myself playing for awhile, I enjoyed it. Get the DLC.
game-hours: 194.9
review: :)
game-hours: 594.0
review: Civilization 5 (Civ V) i s one of the greatest Strategy games ever Just like all the predecessors. Lots of difrent way to play and never ending game time
game-hours: 586.9
review: Barbarians have tanks.
game-hours: 22.5
review: I have enjoyed playing Civilization. If you get this game multiplayer is a lot better than singleplayer. It is a must get game
game-hours: 189.3
review: If you are looking for a fun, creative, and awsome game, you have found it! This game is well worth the money. I recomend it. 5/5 stars!
game-hours: 229.6
review: Great Game.
game-hours: 1117.9
review: If you're like me, then I don't have to explain why you should play this game.
game-hours: 385.3
review: Love playing this game
game-hours: 165.1
review: Basically, cause there are nukes n stuff. Plus it's extremely moddable
game-hours: 462.9
review: /
game-hours: 513.1
review: THE best strategy games/series... One of the best games. Will keep you entertained for hundreds of hours. Puts the best of military strategy together with things like cultural and technological strategy and adds diplomacy (a little lacking but game play makes up for it) to create one of, if not the, best games I have ever played. The internal improvements, such as wonders and buildings, and choosing how to shape your civilization towards a certain victory condition even adds to the strategy. Throw in the GOTY edition, along with G&K and BNW and you have a highly developed and emerged strategy game that will give you thousands of hours of entertainment. Each civilization gives you a completely different experience and there are hundreds upon hundreds of combinations you can try. The DLC may get a little pricey, and the AI has some issues, but it is still, by far, one of my favorite games.
game-hours: 35.2
review: this game lets you act out your anger on the chinese by building a mass army and taking over their cities and renaming them stuff like "land of the small weewees" 10/10 GOTY
game-hours: 284.7
review: Great game played over 140 hours, and loving it :D
game-hours: 267.8
review: This is a great game kys if u think otherwise
game-hours: 354.7
review: My go to game. I love this game.
game-hours: 33.1
review: Soooo gewwwwwwwd
game-hours: 24.9
review: One Of the best strategy games ive ever played hands down ,one of if not the most playable strat game ive played, deffinately reccommend this to anyone who likes strategy games
game-hours: 36.3
review: Much play. So Civulizashion. Such Addict. Wow. 10/10 Doge aprooves.
game-hours: 391.4
review: My favourite Civilization game yet. 10/10 would buy for a friend.
game-hours: 1.2
review: Great game
game-hours: 68.1
review: Great game for anyone looking for either a casual game to have fun in, or a bit of a slow paced, intense strategy game. Able to play for countless hours in one session and it never gets boring. I would comepletely reccomend this game for anyone interested in this style of game.
game-hours: 61.4
review: Addictive like previous Civ titles, I've easily spent more time on this than I would ever want to admit. Does take a little bit of getting used to though, as you can no longer stack units. Still a ton of fun though, and I'd highly recommend it.
game-hours: 73.1
review: Ceaser got mad at me and his legionares destoryed my longswordmen but when i got my minutmen out i wiped the floor with him.I made a peace treaty with him to have a age of peace if he would give me all his cites but his current main one (which was not Rome cause i took it from him) and i burnt down the cites he gave me and then started a siege on his last remaining city (destroying the truce) that was the end of Ceaser.But Egypt got mad and called me dishonorible after the actions i took.Then i pause and saved and never went on it again.Ask Jordan Nutkicker if you dont belive me!
game-hours: 45.7
review: Time flies.
game-hours: 72.6
review: A fun game to play.
game-hours: 94.2
review: Great for a quick game if you've got 5 minutes to spare and don't mind winding up cancelling the rest of your afternoon.
game-hours: 530.0
review: Easily best turn based strat game on the market.
game-hours: 151.1
review: This is one of the most addicting games I have ever played. It litterally forces you to play for hours and hours if you want to finish a game...
game-hours: 235.3
review: Dem civiliations.... much civ... many v
game-hours: 692.8
review: Greatest strategy game i've ever played, so detailed and submerssive.
game-hours: 29.5
review: Easily one of the best strategy games at the moment.
game-hours: 432.2
review: one of the greatest strategy games ever. diffinitely a good choice for hours of endless fun.
game-hours: 550.1
review: This game is good, I reccomend it to anyone that wants to have a good time in bed with their mouse and keyboard.
game-hours: 113.6
review: Very addictive and a different experience every game that you play.
game-hours: 172.4
review: Literally hundreds of hours of potential gameplay and content in here, and it only gets better.
game-hours: 1505.4
review: This game has changed my life - I no longer watch television, that time is now dedicated to playing Civ 5. Endless hours of fun, and I had put a decent amount of time into the game before I ventured into learning micromanagement of cities. That opened up a whole new facet to the game that showed how versatile and fun it can be. The only downside to the game is the AI crunch time in between turns and the lag with multiplayer.
game-hours: 115.9
review: i made a civilization in this game. a civilization of fun!!! (not the band)
game-hours: 11.5
review: good game if you have time for one game.
game-hours: 163.7
review: Three words best game ever!! Great game to kill time.
game-hours: 90.2
review: Great game but will take a some time to finish it...
game-hours: 35.2
review: Highly recommended for 4X game lovers!
game-hours: 195.6
review: One of the best incarnations of the Civ series. I know a lot of the hardcore players mourn the loss of the unit stack, but I prefer the one unit per tile style, even if the implementation has a few issues. With so many difficulty options, I recommend this to just about anyone. Start on the easy difficulty and work your way up. I'm still missing a win on the absolute top difficulty, but I'll get it eventually!
game-hours: 167.6
review: If there was a potato civ, I would be it.
game-hours: 76.8
review: This is a very entertaining game. I find it very challenging, though that may say more about me as a player than it does about the game. It's a very good game from a genre I don't typically enjoy.
game-hours: 631.1
review: Get it.End of story.
game-hours: 249.2
review: I will say this once, GET THIS GAME, realy fun with or without friends, great strategy game. all around 9/10 stars. Has some multiplayer bugs with the more people/bots in the game.
game-hours: 8.6
review: Pretty fun game if you like building a civilization from the ground up!
game-hours: 726.4
review: I play this series since Civilization 2. It's worth it - trust me.
game-hours: 118.0
review: I like game Viciltaztion Vee. Good game of much fun happy lovemaking to skill country crafting epidemic story. Where is Brazil country? Where is Peru country? I Jeeves aksed and he say in Stouh Aermica but I live where can no affrod map to see world. I too good at other games of psuhing twoers and kliling hereos so I awlays yell at team to be no bad at be good of happy skill. But no listen ears deaf? Maybe so. Fingernailed it. So I make big carzy jump over hot acid to tihs game. Except for no Brazil and Peru best game of the year. I would tell you year I speak of but no calenders in very poor country of money burning factory evil.
game-hours: 17.3
review: Very good game, I advise everyone
game-hours: 111.7
review: Time consuming, but totally worth it.
game-hours: 129.4
review: s' good
game-hours: 201.2
review: Great turn based strategy game. Very in-depth with lots of worthwhile DLC available that adds significatly to gameplay.
game-hours: 314.6
review: Hands down the best strategy game you will play. Given the complexity of the game, the learning curve is steep, but not THAT steep. I've invested 200+ hours into the game and am still learning new things. Many improves in V make this game not only more approachable, but tactically different than it's predecessors. Various victory conditions and civilizations to play make this game such an amazing feat by Firaxis Games. A must buy!
game-hours: 228.0
review: Never played a Civ game before I played this one and it is a lot of fun. Even without the DLC I played about 40 hours and with the expansions it is even more addicting. I bought it when it was on sale, but it's definitely worth full price.
game-hours: 175.3
review: Civilization series were always the most addicting, difficult and rewarding games ever. Civilization 5, alone or with Gods and Kings & Brave New World is the most time consuming devil that posses your time and will never give it back. Although your only way to resist is to click NEXT TURN and bring glory to your civilization. Most complex game with many victory types, strategies, difficulty levels (from easiest for even strategy noobies to most experienced generales who were raised with RTS by their sides), units, resources, everything... This game has everything that us - 'nerds' love. And you can read a book in one time while playing on Huge map around Atomic Era :D
game-hours: 12.2
review: That ghandi guy is really helpful.
game-hours: 425.6
review: Amazing Game that forces you to balance between being nice with others and destroying your enemies to expand your empire.
game-hours: 120.1
review: Awesome game with the DLC but the standard version is missing a lot of stuff from older civs. Buy in bundle if price is reduced, but not only main game.
game-hours: 598.9
review: It's like Risk, but no one is liable to flip the table on you! The DLC is must have and the Workshop community downloads are great for improving or mixing things up!
game-hours: 296.1
review: Really enjoyable game, extremely easy to sink hours and hours into it thanks to its good replay value.
game-hours: 201.2
review: Solid strategy game, but make sure you have time on your hands if you want to jump into this game. Although it is quite time consuming, the size of this game is just unbelievable. A whole variety of civilizations, maps, victory types and military units cause you to mix different strategies to best conform with the current world, which is pretty swell.
game-hours: 76.6
review: Great game for people who enjoy strategy games
game-hours: 107.4
review: This game is an incredible game that appeals to those who love politics, strategy, and ideals of world domination. Build a nation from the ground up and conquer the world with your military, your nation's culture, or your amazing diplomatic powers. One of my favorites ever this game has certainly made me into a Civilization fan.
game-hours: 137.3
review: Amazing. That's all I can label it as. Nothing is more fun than watching your enemies capital be ingulfed by a mushroom cloud from your nuclear arsenal. With plenty of modding capabilities, the possibilities for this game are endless. This game overs a great variety even without mods too! Will you be a kind and benevolent leader, or a merciless tyrant? Will you be a religious fanatic, or a rational heretic? Will you pull the World into Nuclear Conflict, or make World Peace? Will you stomp upon those weaker than you, or will you make allies and fight the neverending war machine? WIll you build a nation, that will stand the test of time?
game-hours: 99.0
review: The best strategy game ever created! It is extremely fun and interesting, you will find yourself playing it for hours! The possibilities are endless in Civ 5. It is beginner-friendly as there is a bunch of hints and information that the game provides you as you play. Setting up a game is easy, there are also many options you can tweak to make your world what you want it to be. The DLC for this game is awesome and it adds even more variety to this game. Steam Workshop also adds mods to this game that you can download and have even more fun exploring Civ 5. Make your civilization grow from the ancient era to the future! You will find yourself addicted and going to the next turn and then the next turn. Multiplayer with your friends is very fun and you can team up! Overall, this game is worth it and I recommend Civ 5 to everyone!
game-hours: 127.4
review: This game is amazing!
game-hours: 638.5
review: Honestly, if you are fan of Stategy games, CIV 5 is for you. Bots can actually be a challenge sometimes, but by far the most enjoyable way to play CIV is with friends. A huge selection of Civilizations to choose from, all with their own perks and specials. Game mechanics make sense to the idea of the game - To lead a Civilization throughout history. Better yet, like many steam games, the workshop for this game is great. Makes it just that much more replayable.
game-hours: 724.4
review: Outstanding woooo! After 2 years 2k games finally fixed the multiplayer! Now you can play with more than 4 people! And it actually works once in awhile! AMAZZINNGGGG p.s. brave new world is great fun, but Venice is overpowered and broken in multiplayer
game-hours: 155.4
review: Best Gandhi nuking simulator out at the moment. ++ Can nuke the Gandhi ++ Addicting -- Gandhi can nuke you
game-hours: 87.5
review: amazing game!
game-hours: 64.7
review: leipe  ouwe
game-hours: 85.6
review: Absolutely stunning game, battle with history's greatest leaders !!!
game-hours: 658.1
review: This game when it came out back in 2010 I went out immediately to buy it from Gamestop because I wanted a hard copy, since it's release they have added great DLC and we can expect more in the future. One of my favorite turn based strategies. Just like I would recommend before making any purchasing of a game watch a video on YouTube and get an idea if you would like to play what you're seeing in the video. I would recommend this game to really anyone it's just a great time wether you're just playing singleplayer or multiplayer.
game-hours: 471.7
review: Great strategy game, especially if you've played any of the other Civilization games.
game-hours: 56.3
review: Gandhi is the worst.
game-hours: 94.6
review: A++ would play again
game-hours: 15.7
review: I really can't stop playing this game. Definatley one of the best games that I have in my library. It's fun, addicting, and action packed so you can sit there for hours. I highly recomend this game.
game-hours: 1086.5
review: It will take over your life
game-hours: 1044.6
review: I've loved every version of this, yes, even 4.
game-hours: 612.5
review: Civilization series has always been pretty much my favourite game series of all. If asked what my definite favourite one in the series would be, I'd say Civilization V. The fourth one was a big departure from the original Civ mechanics, and while V retains many features from IV, it sort of goes a step back towards its roots, which I appreciate. Basic formula of the game is the same as always, but V refines it to near perfection. Turns are fast to play, armies aren't ridiculously big, there are many actually viable ways toward victory etc. Two biggest changes here are the fact that the game is played in hexes now and that military units cannot stack in the same hex anymore, making maneuvering of armies a bit more tricky, but much more intriguing. Add to that ranged units that can shoot farther, but cannot capture cities, generals that give bonuses to nearby units, air units and leveling of units and you have yourself a delicious tactical conundrum on your hands.
game-hours: 128.7
review: If you buy Sid Meier's Dice roller V, you'll often find yourself saying,"Wow, what a great game of dice rolling." If you love dice and want to put a skin on your dice then this is the game for you. A plethora of different situations to roll dice in and an impressive number of civs and units to roll dice as. I'll give this handfull of dice an 8/10. -eel
game-hours: 601.7
review: Best turn-based strategy game after Heroes 3! 10/10
game-hours: 58.6
review: MMMMRAWR!!!! PLAY IT!!!!!!
game-hours: 367.5
review: With the new content from the DLCs this game got interesting again. It's much more complex now than it used to be. The Developers seem to have taken note of what the players thought of the game, it's better than ever! :D
game-hours: 178.3
review: This is the latest incarnation of the Civilization series. Pick your ruler, build your cities, expand your borders and prepare for war. The game can be long and involved (about 30 hours to complete on the largest maps), but provides a lot of variety due to the different leaders available and the many ways one can use to win the game (culture, war, a vote in the UN, or via science).
game-hours: 144.4
review: One of the best stragety games of all time a must have for Steam Users.
game-hours: 206.7
review: It's an amazing game, But It will brutally murder your sleep and social life.
game-hours: 3.3
review: Play as King Sejong hahaha
game-hours: 812.4
review: Stays true to the classic civ games and adds some great additions. I have been playing since civ I and this game feels like home. It has pleny of micromanagment, but it can still make for a quick game if you want. Highly reccomend.
game-hours: 296.7
review: Everyone should own Civ 5!
game-hours: 288.6
review: Guys this game is like 9000X better than studying for finals
game-hours: 36.2
review: My review of Civ V: This game is amazing!! Basically what you do is: Grow your empire, make friends with other empires. And when the time comes, you could fight with all the opposing empires once you have built your army. It was surprising how each country had different looking military, this game is unique and fun! Definitely recommend worth your $30, go check it out it's awesome and epic and is the best strategy game i've ever come across in my life. Not even exaggerating, this game is so beautiful and just EPIC GO FOR IT
game-hours: 40.0
review: sweg
game-hours: 296.1
review: I dig it. An excellent (if not overly effective) way to pass an entire day without realizing it.
game-hours: 249.9
review: Just... One... More... Turn...
game-hours: 3.4
review: It's a Civilization game - with the expansions, it's one of the best the 4X genre has to offer. Must-play!
game-hours: 457.7
review: Certainly one of the best games ever made! It keeps me coming back time and time again.
game-hours: 82.4
review: I really enjoy this game, it is a worthy addition to the Civilization series
game-hours: 137.7
review: Viel yksi vuoro...
game-hours: 83.2
review: best strategy game eveahyr
game-hours: 228.5
review: One of the best games I have ever played!
game-hours: 72.6
review: Its a very fun strategy game! I haven't had fun playing a strategy game since Warcraft 3: The Frozen Throne.
game-hours: 522.4
review: This game is great! A lot of people claim to like Civ 4 better, but I kind of like 5. It is a little simpler to manage your empire, city-states are a great addition, and the new combat system requires a bit more skill (no more unit stacking). If you have played the older versions, you'll love 5... and if you haven't, I would probably recommend started with 5 over 4 :)
game-hours: 273.8
review: awesome
game-hours: 113.7
review: Awesome Game
game-hours: 270.6
review: This game is one that you will not want to play, but once you do, you can't stop for eight hours.
game-hours: 11.9
review: Largest tiome sync in the world and I mean that in the best possible way!
game-hours: 18.0
review: I am the king of siam and I pay everyone to be my friend, A+ game if you have brave new world.
game-hours: 374.7
review: Civ 5 is a game that is as deep or shallow as you want to make it. At it most basic, you build your city up and attempt to be the worlds number 1 super power through military, culture/religion or science. This is really easy to get into and eventually youll be managing cities individually, and assigning special people how you see fit, knowing which techs are absoulte needs (writing, civil service) useful monuments (Great Library). The game has two expansions (Brave New World / Gods and Kings) they enchance the game greatly polishing off to make it the best 4x stragtey game on the market. This isnt to say civ5 isnt without its faults. Harder difficulties arent really more difficult, the AI just starts out more technologicly advanced and thats not really a greater challenge. As you pretty much have to rush certain techs and wonders to have a chance. I persoanlly dislike city states, they never really develop into anyhting intresting other than "side quests" to sell resouces too and save from barbies, sure you can win the game by befriending them, but most likely you just want to conquer them. My problem with the victory conditions are its possible to win while trying to get all 3. Its not uncommon to be working on a culture / science victory while going for military and the science happens first. But these are mostly minor details as completeing full games takes a long time depending on your time setting and youll always be saying "one more turn."
game-hours: 256.3
review: this game has eaten up my life. Ive lost everyting my wife left me but in the end i still have civ the love of my life
game-hours: 730.3
review: Want a strategy game that's not too compex? I'd say Civ V fits the mold. You essentially face off against AI or human players to become the best real world nation/empire in a made up, earthlike planet. Scenarios such as the Mongols developing cultural superiority, Swedes conquering the world, and the Mayans sending the first man to the moon can happen, all of which resulting in victory for that civilization. Compared to other strategy games, Civ V may not have as much depth as other strategy games (including Civ IV), and there are many features that could be added or improved upon, but that's not to say that it's a mindless game. You need to manage your cities and armies and your empire overall well if you wish to win. I've spent hours upon hours playing this game and it still sparks my interests. If you do buy Civ V, I'd suggest buying the gold edition on sale. The game itself plus all of the DLC that goes with it is expensive, but I've seen the gold edition, which has all but one piece of the game's DLC, go on sale for about $12. If you see that deal and you like strategy games that aren't too complex, then take it.
game-hours: 55.0
review: This game is great for buying wives losing them in the forest and finding them slayn by internet trolls that look like Vin Deisal.
game-hours: 226.8
review: Play dis  ma n1gg4, kick some , launch some nukes, take over some other civilizations, pillage & plunder, or have peaceful relationships with other civs and swipe them in a cultural or science win... 9.8/10 Multiplayer can be buggy...
game-hours: 59.8
review: I recommend this game to everyone who likes strategy/board games. It feels like playing a board game but much more fun! Go buy now
game-hours: 31.3
review: addictive and well made. cant wait for the next civ
game-hours: 156.4
review: The next installation in Sid Meier's Civilization series of games, Civilization V is a wonderful turn-based strategy game in which players can forge the history of an earth-like world as they rule it. Augustus Caesar may declare war on George Washington, Catherine the Great may find that her cities are being bombed by Mahatma Gandhi. Initially met with some criticism over how it plays in comparison to its numerical predecessor, Civilization IV, Civ V is still an excellent game that is improved immensely by its DLC. Please note that anyone buying DLC may be better off buying ONLY Brave New World rather than Brave New World AND Gods and Kings, as Brave New World adds everything added in Gods and Kings save for a few Civilizations. If you enjoy Turn Based Strategy games with a focus on decisive victories through conquest, culture, diplomacy, or science, you certainly can not go wrong with Civilization V.
game-hours: 21.2
review: Awesome game, im actually adicted.
game-hours: 80.9
review: This is really an upgrade from the old versions. The complexity and multitudes in achieving victory combined with the different civilizational aspects provides an extreme diversity in each game. The multiplayer experience is really the pinnacle of what started as CIVnet. This game is truly enjoyable in the company of friends in multiplayer mode.
game-hours: 200.7
review: Until you have conquered the world as Banana King of Ethiopia, one with an insatiable lust for bananas, going as far as to commit genocide through nuclear weaponry just for their tasty goodness, you have not lived.
game-hours: 374.2
review: 1 word can describe this game, amazing, but that makes for a sucky review. This game is all about building a Civilization, and trying to develop it to be better that the others in the game. You develop new technologies, fight wars among the other civs and city states, conquer land and found cities, spread religion (dlc required), and nukes. :uranium: There are some amazing mods out there for this game, just an amazing game overall,
game-hours: 108.7
review: An excellent game! Great graphics and gameplay
game-hours: 0.7
review: Do you like having no clue what you are doing, while thinking you might actually be doing something? You would love this game. So kawaii
game-hours: 105.5
review: A hardcore starcraft 2 play lose himself in a turn base strategy game.....
game-hours: 62.2
review: One of the best strategy games I have ever played! The turn-based gameplay might not be suited for everyone, but you get used to it very quick and the gameplay is just awesome. There are unlimited ways how to envolve your culture and rule in peace or conquer wit the iron fist.
game-hours: 143.1
review: This game is AWESOME!!! Not as awesome as Civilization 2 but still , will beat any TBS game any time of the day.
game-hours: 217.7
review: Don't buy this game. While the price tag may say a monetary amount, it doesn't mention the cost of your social life. I'm trapped in this game, there's no escape. I can't even tell reality from civ anymore. Was the sino-roman war even a real thing? Help.
game-hours: 91.4
review: Fun times.
game-hours: 211.6
review: I have sunk tons of hours into this game...great game for your money.
game-hours: 321.9
review: Civ 5 does not disappoint.
game-hours: 38.5
review: Highly addicting. I downloading on a whim and was actually stuck playing the game. I rarely get stuck playing games but was glued from the beginning.
game-hours: 170.2
review: I don't really like turn based games, but this game is differnent and I love the way there are progression trees for both policies and tech, thus maximizing possibilites for each player in the game. The multiple victory conditions are also good as they variate how people play the game so it is not repetitive and not everyone has the same goals. There are plenty of Civilizations to choose from ranging from England to even civilizations like the Zulu. Unfortunatly I find multiplayer can be a bit poor because the games can last a long time and people like to quit, I find this makes it best to play with your friends as you can save game and continue with them later.
game-hours: 239.4
review: THIS GAME IS ING ADDICTIVE
game-hours: 879.0
review: This game is sweet.
game-hours: 891.7
review: epic
game-hours: 17.9
review: Truly amazing! The first time I played this game I did not stop playing for 6 hours straight and by then it was 2 a.m. I recommend this game to casual and veteran stratagists alike.
game-hours: 46.5
review: This game is great, unless you are playing with someone who is unable to take less than 4 hours on each turn.
game-hours: 63.4
review: Tres Bien. Mucho Fun.
game-hours: 101.6
review: Fantastic game, I strongly reccomend you purchase the expansion packs however. The game feels incomplete without them.
game-hours: 95.6
review: This game makes me lose track of time
game-hours: 1918.8
review: Addictive and fun especially if you have someone to play with! I recommend this for anyone over 12, it is educational and teaches strategy. My whole family enjoys playing together.
game-hours: 150.0
review: This game is super complicated and hard to learn but it's fun so there's that.
game-hours: 104.3
review: Love this game to pieces. Only reason I haven't played it more is because I got a new computer and I can't be bothered to install it. :/
game-hours: 196.4
review: good game
game-hours: 346.7
review: This is one of my all time favorite games. However, (please observe this warning) this game is like crack. if you have something you have to do in the next couple hours like sleep, work, take care of a child, really anything that requires you to have some track of what time it is DO NOT START A GAME! Personal example and reason I'm in the dog house: Came home after work around 10pm kissed the wife ate dinner decide to play a little civ v around 1030pm. Wife went to bed I started playing. Lost track of time and became extremely engrossed in the game, the progression of my civilization, which technology I should research next, Ghandi just nuked me so now I must exact revenge, Ghandi is gone now who is next on my list. Next thing I know my wife comes in the room and says "ARE YOU REALLY STILL PLAYING! THE KID WILL BE AWAKE IN 2 HOURS AND YOU HAVE TO GO TO WORK IN 6 HOURS! WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH YOU!" My first reaction was there is no way I've been playing for 7 hours! I checked the time and sure enough it had gotten way out of hand. Just remember to keep a clock somewhere nearby and within view if you are planning on playing this game!
game-hours: 34.0
review: it's like Skyrim but with civilizations
game-hours: 33.1
review: An unique strategy game.
game-hours: 64.9
review: Awesome Game! Very Addictive.
game-hours: 370.7
review: Too many hours in this game. Just one more turn ;)
game-hours: 24.5
review: Pretty good game.
game-hours: 36.0
review: Great game with endless replay possibilities. A nice step up from the previous version, but Civ2 will always be my favorite as it introduced me to the series. A little too heavy on the DLC for comfort. Although they do add some nice additions once you have grown accustomed to the vanilla version. Like Civ2, plan on setting aside many late nights saying to yourself "just one more turn".
game-hours: 55.3
review: It's addicting. Delete it from your computer before you flunk college.
game-hours: 230.5
review: ,      -   ,      .   ,  ,   .      ,     ,   -  Civilization -     .      3,  5   ,    .     .  100  10!
game-hours: 83.7
review: The true benchmark for Turn-Based Strategy.
game-hours: 15.1
review: Civilization V is a very slow paced game that can take days to complete. Singleplayer is one of the most boring experiences I have had in a game. Grab a few friends to play with and this is a solid 8/10. Very few glitches I found and tons of replayability. For those Casual gamers out there, this is the way to go. Building your Empire or knocking others down, this is the best Empire building game out there. Solo Rating: 4/10 Multiplayer Rating: 8/10
game-hours: 878.1
review: One of the greatest games I've ever had the pleasure of playing, a great improvement over past renditions. Each expansion pack adds to the level of fun and tactics potentially involved, and given this is a strategy game, it truly does bring about amazingly nail biting moments, either in a fantasy world, or reliving/rewriting history.
game-hours: 85.6
review: amazing game
game-hours: 411.1
review: The most accessible grand strategy out right now.
game-hours: 591.0
review: egg salad game to play
game-hours: 72.9
review: Awsome game can be simple or complex as you like at the easy diffculty. But at the top levels you need to be on the ball every move. The game allows you to be in control as much as you like from choosing citizen output. All the way to let me make the key choices. It simply is one of the best strategy games in my opinon.
game-hours: 87.0
review: AMAZZZIIING GAME!
game-hours: 69.9
review: This game is awesome, and for the next 30 hours you can get it for 75% off. Get this if you do not already own it.
game-hours: 344.7
review: Civilization V is a great game but with out the DLCs is a unfinished game that may disappointfans coming from civ IV. But of course with the DLC it turned this unfinished game into a spectacular experiance that any Civilization fan should have. It has a dumbed down UI from Civ IV but thats what all the games are doing so you gotta deal with it. The main point is you have to get the DLC to see the full potential of this game or else you may be left unsatisified with the gameplay. Pros: -Good gameplay on single and multi -Easy to UI for new players -Great DlCs that are worth the $30.00 -Constant replayebility -Great community content on workshop and easy to use map editor Cons: -Dumb and random AI behaviour -Multiplayer session lag and disconnect oftan making it sometimes unplayable -To easy to play in even the hardest modes - Not enough stratigic resources 8.5/10 "Get this game Civilization fans!!!"
game-hours: 66.9
review: Very good game. Good value for the price. I have been playing several full games with different starting civilizations, trying new tactics each time. Each type of victory is a goal to achieve in itself and some can be harder to achieve than others. The AIs are not super smart, but can still be provide a challenge sometime.
game-hours: 133.2
review: great game!
game-hours: 66.1
review: ggggggggggggggggggggggg
game-hours: 664.0
review: Takes time to love, and loves to take time. The world is a mess, and I just need to rule it
game-hours: 51.4
review: Wow... this game has infinite possibilities and play time... tons of hours of fun incoming!
game-hours: 82.4
review: #uno game bullzeruno!
game-hours: 14.2
review: This will give you tons of fun. Very addictive game, the single player is awesome and the multi player is even more awesome. I can promise buying this is NOT a mistake. # Graphics :: 9/10 # Sound effects and sound fitting :: 10/10 # Story and lores :: 10/10 ### Overall :: 9.5/10 - definitely will play again!
game-hours: 277.8
review: Great game!
game-hours: 211.4
review: truly a great game.
game-hours: 1914.5
review: I like the new hexagonal layout of the map. Overall, solid gameplay. A few littel things I wish they would change tho: I still find it ridiculous that melee units can shoot at planes.
game-hours: 197.4
review: The game is easy to learn, and once you learn it you can't stop, there is so much variety with each game that you have, each one lasting about 6 hours, you can never stop playing! You have been warned, I also reccomend getting the expansions, they make it much more intresting with more stuff to do and balanced.
game-hours: 68.7
review: One more turn? Am I right? Lol
game-hours: 166.9
review: Ciiv 5 is a great game for those who wish to become a warmongering menace to the rest of the world. Fight your enemies, sack their cities and enslave their population... *ahem* I mean ask them nicely to join you....in the name of peace of course! ....NAH! Just kidding! Rampage through their territory and when they ask for peace, extend to them the warm glow brought only by a nuclear missile! Remember kids, my words are backed by nuclear weapons! I'm Warlord Gandhi and I approve this message!
game-hours: 426.4
review: good game
game-hours: 42.2
review: I LIEK DIS GAEM. OTIMANS R STRUNK CUZ BUMBART BEG GUHN. NEPOLIUN R WURSS EMINY IN GAEM. I LIEK WEN LEWIGI GITS MUSHRUM CUZ DEN U GIT BEG PET DAT KEN BREETH FYRE BIRN ME. 50 LOTS 4 GAEM I THENK WURF.
game-hours: 46.9
review: Certainly a fun game. It is fabulous to declare war with everyone on the first turn and win the game. Add some friends into the mix for more awesome. I would NOT recommend this game to someone who is not patient. Games take upwards of 3+ hours to complete on average.
game-hours: 36.3
review: I purchased this game for me and a friend, we went on multiplayer and it was feckin' awesome. This game will never get old and can be played over and over again for endless hours of fun.
game-hours: 169.6
review: DON'T TRUST GHANDI
game-hours: 95.9
review: Good Game
game-hours: 56.3
review: Best game has a lot of strategy and you can learn a lot and have a lot of fun
game-hours: 96.6
review: Amazing game
game-hours: 49.0
review: This is a fun strategic game that will give you hours of fun gameplay for you and your friends.
game-hours: 369.4
review: : )
game-hours: 375.4
review: Amazing. multiple civs to play, multiple maps highly recommend that you try out some mods
game-hours: 1539.8
review: Gods and kings really fleshes the game out. AI is better with the expansion, also.
game-hours: 78.6
review: LOVE IT
game-hours: 137.1
review: Very depthful game, worth the money and with so many ways to win and play out your games, you'll never get bored. Several means of winning, several means of those means of winning, difficulty ranging from a joke to PC defenestration, tons of empires available through DLC, plenty of multiplayer options and amazing visuals, from the world to the leaders. Comes with a massive Civilopedia explaining everything and in-depth game customization to make whatever you want out of it.
game-hours: 15.7
review: This game is so addictive!
game-hours: 1.3
review: Very gude
game-hours: 252.7
review: Civ 5 is (in my mind) a greatly improved version of Risk. I highly suggest that you buy and doanload all the addons/expansion packs for a more in depth playing experience.
game-hours: 63.0
review: love it!! definitely worth buying!
game-hours: 51.3
review: Very fun game, this game is perfect for you if you love strategic games!
game-hours: 5.8
review: great game! good graphics and gameplay!
game-hours: 135.1
review: !
game-hours: 203.8
review: I thoroughly enjoyed this game. It is very fun and engaging.
game-hours: 10.2
review: ITS AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 166.8
review: Great game just make sure you have all day to play a match.
game-hours: 136.7
review: If you're going to buy this game, buy the two expansion packs. They drastically improve gameplay. But, overall, this game is a great game and it will suck the life out of you.
game-hours: 53.4
review: I've been playing Civ since Microprose's first game. Boy, since the second one, Civ V is the most inovative yet loyal to original game general dinamics. Purists will initially dislike the abundance (or mere existence) of City-States, but once you start playing you'll see they contribute enormously to the game balance and a more dynamic early game stage. If wou like Turn Base Strategy games, Civilization V is mandatory.
game-hours: 142.9
review: Hands down an amazing game, with hundreds of replayable hours to be had. Each play through entails something different, sometimes providing frustrations (i.e wonder stealing and barbarian raids) but most of the time giving a very enjoyable gameplay experience. Online play is where this game peaks, get together with friends and have sessions as you advance through the ages and have a very good time. A definate jewel of a strategy game.
game-hours: 109.3
review: awesome game spent many hrs destroying civilizations and completing the space race...
game-hours: 229.9
review: This game is AWESOME just AWESOME, I've currently played it for just under 100 hours in a few weeks and I am completely addicted. 10/10 Easy.
game-hours: 62.1
review: 53 Hours in to the game and I am still loving it... Civilization V is my first game in the Civilization series and now that I got it I don't Understand why I never played the others. You start the game off with one group of settlers and a warrior to protect them, from there you start building your civilization. It's not like other strategy games where you literally build every single building, the map is devided into Hexagonal tiles with different resources, all you have to do is build your settlement and from there on expand to the surrounding tiles, as you play you unlock new buildings to upgrade your settlements, you can found new settlements as freely as you like but you always run risk of attack so make sure you have the proper amount of troops to protect those new found bottom feeding settlements of yours. There are 5 ways to win the game: Domination victory, Science victory, Cultural victory, Diplomatic victory or a Score Victory. But this means there are 5 ways for you to get beaten as well so you will need to not only keep an eye on your own civilization but your enemy's aswell, and know exactly when it's time to attack or ally up. If you get tired of the standard game check out the scenarios, that is where the real fun begins, with scenario's that actually happened like the Boers vs the Zulu's in Africa, the Mayan's who feared the end of the world and all the troubles they faced like the french invading them with weapons they have never even seen before in their lives, the scenario's have it all. And if that's not enough, Civilization V supports the steam workshop so there are endless mods for you to choose from to spice your game up even more. The game is very easy to learn with the help of your advisers who even though they can be pretty annoying sometimes, make sure you know what you are doing and what the Consequences will be if you take a certain action. They will take good care of you. My Rating 9/10 - (-1 the game sometimes feels like it's taking forever to finish, but there are settings to change the game speed which will sort this out for you, but I found that on Standard settings the game takes forever and on quick settings you can't help but feel extremely rushed. It would have been nice to have something in between. ) BUY THIS GAME!!! IT'S AMAZING
game-hours: 467.7
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V is the best Strategy game currently on the market. Civ V is a game of economy, science, culture, diplomacy and warfare. This turn-based strategy game was originally a board game and is worth buying and getting DLC for.
game-hours: 309.1
review: 1,BUY 2.PLAY 3.PROFIT
game-hours: 793.0
review: Best stratergy game of the decade.
game-hours: 167.3
review: One of the best games I have ever played. Incredibely fun when playing with friends.
game-hours: 466.4
review: Excellent game. Just enough of everything. I played original, G&K and BNW. While there are some thing I'd like to see improved, amazing game overall.
game-hours: 249.5
review: This game is one of the best I've ever played. It's a deep simulation game that is good to play in both single player and multiplayer. I'd definately recommend this to any strategy fan that has somehow missed this. (I think that this with BNW is better than Civ IV, but Civ IV is good too.)
game-hours: 64.9
review: You may have heard jokes regarding this game and its ilk that go something along the lines of "Just one more turn oh hey it's 6AM". You are mistaken. Those are not jokes.
game-hours: 574.2
review: Who knew a strategy game could be so dang fun!
game-hours: 44.3
review: Absoloutlet love this game, really good game to pass the time especially when bored.
game-hours: 858.4
review: Greatest game ever
game-hours: 5.7
review: Can keep me happy for hours. Amazing Strategy. 10/10
game-hours: 132.7
review: You thought you were going to do something today? Nope.
game-hours: 499.9
review: I love it. It's an easy-to-use turn-based strategy game that changes each time you play. Each update is an attempt to balance civilizations, which is good. It also has a lot of distance between each new iteration; Civilization IV was years and years ago, so it's not like they're pumping out low-quality products for a quick buck. My complaints are that this new game put features of the old game into DLC, like religion. It's also completely eliminated corporations (though a new take on it comes along in Brave New World). Overall, it's a good game, but get the bundle at a discount.
game-hours: 31.6
review: You will accidentally play this for 5 hours in a row if you arent careful!
game-hours: 171.0
review: If you like nukes, you'll like this game. If you had a depressing child hood being a russian orphan who ended up dreaming about world domination in the form of shoving your  into all kinds of things that may or may not involve pointy objects and diplomacy. You will love this game. If you hate turn based combat or Montezuma ramming his jaguars into your capital because he is that angry. well you may just tolerate the game. 100 score, wins gold medal, and yes I will undress for you George Washington, *Blushes*
game-hours: 73.6
review: Great game if you have 90000000000000000000000+ hours to spare.
game-hours: 154.8
review: Good game to kill some time
game-hours: 254.3
review: Great game, spent many hours on it. It's most fun when doing multiplayer,
game-hours: 211.1
review: The best game i have ever played on steam
game-hours: 867.7
review: Buyitlol. #1moreturn
game-hours: 25.1
review: You can nuke George Washington as Augustus Caesar. :)
game-hours: 340.7
review: wietna strategia turowa. Civilization V potwierdza wyjtkowo caej serii Sida Meiera.
game-hours: 92.1
review: Great for Anyone Even If You Havent Played The Other 4
game-hours: 687.0
review: Must play! Just never trust Gandhi...
game-hours: 339.6
review: One of the best and most engrossing strategy games I have ever played. Just prepared to have your time get  like a blind-mute in prison.
game-hours: 393.2
review: It is very fun but there needs to be more balance within the races. For instance venice needs some hard nerfs whilist civs like Sweeden need to be greatly increased. It is fun because the bots are super easy to beat even on deity because of have finished it on deity. there is nothing else wrong but please venice needs to be fixed!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 71.7
review: Want to build your own country? A Empire that can go through the test of time, war and economical issues? Then take your settlers and start the journey. You decide how your empire grows, will it make war or diplomatic influence. Fight with barbarians and other countries, explore the world, gain resources so your name will be carved in stone for eternity. Strategic balance of battles, smart AI, lot of leaders to choose. At the end you want to make "Jest... One... More... Turn..."
game-hours: 165.1
review: It's a fun game where you controle your empire through history and can go for different types of victories! It's really fun alone, and even more with friends! try for yourself :D
game-hours: 409.3
review: If you are a person who has a long attention span then this game is something you would enjoy the games are usally pretty long but full of susspence and choices , with each of your choices leading to peace or war an ally or eneime. This is my favorite game on steam and i think you would all enjoy it as well. I give it a raiting of 9 / 10
game-hours: 33.1
review: If you want a game that never ends this one is for you.
game-hours: 630.1
review: This game has stolen my life...
game-hours: 122.7
review: The best game if you want to sit down for countless hours of joy and fun at least till your favorite city is seiged but up till then you are always having fun in this amazing game.
game-hours: 347.9
review: It is really fun, although it may look pretty boring, it is actually much more fun than you think. Don't judge a book by its cover c:
game-hours: 610.0
review: It's kick-. The improvements from Civilization IV to V are totally worth getting this game.
game-hours: 344.1
review: The classic turn-based strategy game, but with HEXAGONS!
game-hours: 88.6
review: relly gud
game-hours: 51.5
review: A very,very fun strategy game. You can start out from the ancient era and gradually move up to the mysteries of the future era. This game will surely get you addicited, not to mention it's multiplayer however one thing that puts me abit down on the multiplayer is the no animation effect and sometimes the netcode but it's not unplayable. In terms of graphics, it has been extremly improved since Civilization IV, I'd say a decent rig should be able to run this game maxed mid-range gpu to high-end.
game-hours: 911.7
review: "Ok, now I just need to get my religion enhanced and then I'll have enough money to wage war. Wait. Why are all those Jaguars on the borders? DAMMIT MONTEZUMA, YOU MIGHT NOT THINK IT'S BACKSTABBING, BUT YOU JUST CAN'T BE FRIENDS WITH ME AND THEN ATTACK. Dammit, China hates me, and Ghandi never wants to go to war. MEN! GET TO THAT DESERT AND STOP THE AZTECS! THEY MAY HAVE NUMBERS, BUT WE HAVE IRON!" I got this game for free when I got XCOM, and I wasn't sure I'd like it. Turns out I had the wrong idea of it, and thought it was an RTS. It's not. It's a TBS board-game of sorts. Also, there is no other game where the Aztecs, the Celts, Ancient Egypt, modern India, and George Washington (who kinda looks and sounds like Bill Clinton, go figure) can both live on the same continent at the same time and actually get along until ING MONTEZUMA GOES APESHIT, THE CRAZY . It's fun. And it will eat your life. But dammit, it's fun. :D
game-hours: 134.4
review: Probably one of the most intricate and long going series I have had the pleasure to enjoy. From the start, the game may seem dull as a turn based strategy game, but in reality, as the game progresses, it shows that it has so much more to offer than another "Rock Paper Scissors" strategy game. With elements such as international politics, a growing economy and a range of technological pursuits, the true value of this game lies in its replayability and potential gameplay styles. With that said, it can be a slow paced game, which isn't for everyone, though I have hardly had more fun with my friends over a few drinks. A fully reccomended game for anyone who likes strategy games, and more so if you enjoy watching the asension and decline of humanity through its many civilisations. -Keon
game-hours: 538.0
review: One of my Favtore game of all time i love all the dlcs the building up there civ and the feeling of beting the game
game-hours: 69.6
review: Conquer the world.. Why NoT?
game-hours: 108.4
review: best game ever
game-hours: 350.8
review: Its fun if you whana do a long game.You whill be angry and happy time to time on the game.But at thy end you whill be happy that you buyd this game because this is the civ you created!!!
game-hours: 344.6
review: hexagons man... much better than squares
game-hours: 3322.7
review: I play a little...
game-hours: 51.7
review: better than sleeping pills
game-hours: 13.9
review: 1-Gold Coin Simulator 1942
game-hours: 128.8
review: building you civilization you will
game-hours: 76.1
review: 2 words ing awesome .... just remember dont trust gandhi -awesome gameplay -god of RTS -speacial units makes it more awesome 9.5/10 from me
game-hours: 55.9
review: A game where I can finally make China and Japan fight. A game where Gandhi can drop 10 nukes on America just for the laughs. 10/10
game-hours: 99.8
review: This game is awesome. I love how it takes time to build up, and you can go from the primted, to the very advanced. The only thing i see weird in it, is when the ai leaders denouce you for no reason when your already friendly with them, besides that i think the game is perfect. Heres a tip, when playing on two player, make sure you have your food right next to you eatting it all day because thats how long the game takes to finsh. I love and you will to.
game-hours: 805.8
review: Seriously, if you played Age of Empires, and you loved it, but wanted more, this is THE game for you. It's so freaking good, I can't stop playing it >~<
game-hours: 36.5
review: The only game where a nuke wielding Gandhi will threaten to wipe you off the face of the planet.
game-hours: 442.1
review: This is a very enjoyable game if you have the patience to play it to its full potential
game-hours: 442.1
review: This is a very enjoyable game if you have the patience to play it to its full potential
game-hours: 203.7
review: Sonic Adventure is the final digital installment of the Sonic The Hedghog series for the Sega Dreamcast. Despite foiling Robotnick countless times, Sonic is in way over his head this time as a mysterious demon beast threatens humanity. He must team up with some old favorites and some new unlikely heroes to save his wild world from total devastation. Before you getting excited you might wanna pump the brakes. This game is kind of a dud sad to say. The best part is when you fish with one of the Cadillac Cats. Otherwise you got a janky platformer due to Sonic Team's inability to translate Sonic buttery smooth style to the 3rd dimension. Worst of all, the whole game takes place in some outdoor mall with real humans. If you stay next to one long enough they will give you a piece of kibble and a pat on the head. There weren't many worse ways to end the 90s than to play this game while listening to Jimmie's Chicken Shack. I didn't know no better. Me know better now. Not the adventure I was looking for. Thanks Sonic, you nitwit.
game-hours: 228.3
review: You can be George Washington 11/3 PS: F*** you Ghandi, f*** you!
game-hours: 333.7
review: This is an awesome game. Me and my friends play all the time thgether, and has really inproved my gaming experience.
game-hours: 392.8
review: What can I say, Civilization is a briliant game. This title combines the strategy of a turn based game, while still allowing you to save and continue later.
game-hours: 28.4
review: Amazig game, I didn't think that I would like it but its amazing, I love it!
game-hours: 495.3
review: Yes but got lots of bugs what need fixing
game-hours: 159.3
review: A really fun turn based strategy game, some issues with multiplayer, and optimization, but it's well worth it!
game-hours: 191.6
review: very good game runs well and would highly recommend DLC's as well
game-hours: 12.5
review: Mowing down Roman archers with tanks. 11/10
game-hours: 105.8
review: Excellent strategy for long nights with extremely well made multiplayer
game-hours: 279.7
review: Amazing game that I can't stop playing. 9.5/10
game-hours: 85.2
review: You start a game. "I'll play for about an hour, then go do something else." Then you start you empire, you research mining, horseback riding, all that good stuff. You found another city or two, and make allies with Russia and Germany. You notice an hour has passed, but you're just about to finish building the Pyramids. "I'll just play another turn or two." The moment you finish the Pyramids, Russia denounces you for finishing them right before she did. "Maybe I'll play for a few more turns, just to see how this plays out." And before you know it, it's 3 AM, you haven't eaten in 12 hours, and nothing you wanted to do today gets done. TY SID MEIER. BUMP.
game-hours: 443.8
review: Easily one of the most entertaining games to play with friends. Win or lose, each game creates new laughs. Great factors were put into the game, and it feels as real as ever. I already recomended it to 10 friends. Great work Sid Meier!
game-hours: 200.2
review: When was the last time you saw Ghandi Nuke an entire civilzation? Exactly, you haven't. Buy Civ V
game-hours: 41.6
review: Solid and in depth turn based strategy. Games take just about forever to complete, especially when you've got a large bunch of players. Regardless, it's a lot of fun and very interesting to those who appreciate 'management' type things in their games.
game-hours: 203.1
review: This game is amazing in my opinion 10/10
game-hours: 224.0
review: I would highly recommend this game, it's very addictive and with all the dlc's the game is just perfect, and the multiplayer is very fun but watch out for the trade bug!
game-hours: 12.6
review: This is an amazing game and it is definitely still my GOTY, We've played hotseat mode for hours at my friends house. But sadly, after getting my own computer (Windows 8) and attempting to start the game, it just closes before i can even get to the gameplay. It is still a very good game though, so rock on Firaxis, keep making great games!
game-hours: 64.8
review: Great strategy game.
game-hours: 368.8
review: Great
game-hours: 330.2
review: Gandhi nuked me, is was great
game-hours: 219.5
review: 10/10 Civ V is, hands down, one of the best PC games I've ever played. I've never experienced vanilla Civ V, but I've put in a lot of time into Gods and Kings, which was pretty fun (a little slow at times with not as much micromanaging), and Brave New World, which gave the game, to me, a lot more playability (added quite a few new features which I enjoy thoroughly), especially due to the amount of gold it allows to be accumulated. I definitely recommend getting both of the DLC for this game, as each adds a little more that brings it closer to perfection. My only complaint is that it can still get pretty slow, but it's hardly a deterrent from loving this game. Add a bit more micromanaging, and it's golden.
game-hours: 42.3
review: Well made game with a mostly intuitive interface and great game mechanics. Some minor glitches that can be resolved with mods and it just feels so satisfying taking over another civilization and claiming the continent to yourself! Also the interaction between leaders adds an interesting perspective and convinces you that these are real civilizations you are blowing up with your giant death robots.
game-hours: 347.7
review: EXTREMELY good game. Random maps provide large replayability, and hours and hours of gameplay each game. Lots of strategy and balance is neeeded by the player to make a proporus civilization. You can even play with friends! Also, Brave New World makes it a 1000 times better.
game-hours: 32.0
review: You guy should get this its so much fun with multiple people.
game-hours: 38.3
review: Amazing... civlizing game? anyway it is really fun, espicaly scince u can launcher nuclear weapons 4 no reson at other ppl. Amazing game. buy it now.
game-hours: 927.3
review: I have been playing Civilization since day 1 (1991) and now in the year 2014 i cant wait for "Byond Earth" add on
game-hours: 557.6
review: This game is worth the money. I bought it the first year it came out, but I constantly come back to play it after a while especially since I'm a history buff. Every playthrough is different, even if you still use the same strategy everytime. I would definitely reccomend this game to anyone who loves strategy games, but I also think this game is a great starter for those who don't usually play strategy games and want to jump into them. 9/10
game-hours: 76.2
review: At first I was not wholly impressed with this installment in the famed Civilization V franchise. I thought the new hexagonal tiles and inability to stack units really restricted the game dynamic... but as it turns out, these changes, as well as graphical updates, are what makes Civilization V even better than its predecessors. In Civilization IV, you could stack units on top of units on top of units. Often combat strength was dictated by the amount of time and resources you put into building so many units. Now you can only have one unit per tile, and you can't even have units walk over each other. This makes the game much more strategy based, and this works especially well in multiplayer. The hexagonal tiles also make for much less blocky world generation and more countour. Overall, I love with this installment of Civilization. I would much rather play Civ V than Civ IV, which is good because Civ IV doesn't work on my computer anymore.
game-hours: 1.7
review: )))
game-hours: 194.2
review: Just one...more...turn... One of the best strategy games I have ever played!
game-hours: 136.2
review: This game will make you hate foreigners.
game-hours: 112.9
review: its great!
game-hours: 147.4
review: This game is very time consuming but you meet tons of new people, and develop skills like strategies, and diplomatic abilities, this game is like life, risk, chess, and facebook all thrown in a blender to get this game.
game-hours: 624.9
review: I spent like 40 hours playing this game in the first 3 days. The variety of civilizations and their characteristcs fused with the game concepts itself will make you spend hours instead of minutes you intended to. I strongly not recommend for those who has limited time to play or has some work to do.
game-hours: 130.9
review: A brilliant game. On the higher levels, it is challenging, yet just as addictive. Multiplayer gameplay is amazing, especially with expansion packs enabled, however, make sure you (and your partner/s) have a stable internet connection, as the game may have a tendancy to drop mid-way through. There are many Mods available for this game and I adivse you all to check them out. I am an avid fan of Sid Meier and cannot wat to see what they come out with next. Definately recommended.
game-hours: 231.5
review: With way more than 200 hours of gameplay (Steam is always about 40% of what I actually played), this is my most played game in my library. This is not the greatest game of all time, but it is probably in my top three, with Portal 2 as the greatest game of all time. While this game does take long, it is worth it and very consuming! I love this game and I would most definitely recommend it! I love this game!
game-hours: 84.0
review: Dis good
game-hours: 59.9
review: Pretty frikkin awesome :D
game-hours: 219.8
review: Great strategy game. Better with friends. I recommend this game for everyone.
game-hours: 205.1
review: One of the best strategy games I've ever had the pleasure of playing, or simply losing a entire night of sleep to the replayable single player. This is one game that any strategy enthusiast, or casual player can enjoy!
game-hours: 485.2
review: a great game and fun to play in single and multiplayer
game-hours: 123.1
review: Might precipitate DVT, which later may lead to sudden pulmonary embolism and death. That one more turn might after all not worth it, so don't forget to take a 5 minute break every 1 or 2 hours. Cheers.
game-hours: 1465.8
review: An excellent addition to the Civilization library. The main game play will be familiar to players of the prequels; however the new game mechanics and graphics bring in a level of freshiness. Both of the expansions are wonderfully crafted, and elevate the enjoyment tremendously. This game is extremely addictive and highly re-playable.
game-hours: 214.7
review: its fun fun fun and more fun. you will play the whole day and you will still want more siv.
game-hours: 74.4
review: SARCASM WARNING Do you hate your friends? Do you want to hate your friends, then buy Civ V the greatest hate fuel of all. Watch as you and your friends scramble to build the best cultural buildings in all of history only to be beaten out by the AI players. Enjoy the rage between all of you as you try to move through borders and pledge war on eachother. Witness the expanding nations slowly taking over the map as you are raided by raging barbarians. TL:DR 10/10 would ruin friendships
game-hours: 734.4
review: The greatest video game ever made.
game-hours: 175.6
review: One of the greatest games I've ever played, and of the Civilization franchise it is certainly a great follower to Civ2 which was and will always be my favourite Civ!
game-hours: 1350.2
review: Good game. Dumbass employees cant even ing fix the "not starting "  this game i had it with this  learn to ing fix your
game-hours: 677.7
review: good game
game-hours: 882.0
review: A great combination of strategy, management, and mayhem, Civ 5 is a phenomenal game for both the casual and hardcore strategy gamer. Fun by yourself, even more fun with friends, Civ 5 offers endless replayability and challenges even the toughest gamers. A must buy. PS: All DLCs are great additions, get them all!
game-hours: 211.0
review: honestly best 4x game ever i love playing this with my buddies multiplayer 6+ people or just finding out cool ways to use the civs
game-hours: 106.9
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V is the game that you play in the morning, laying in bed, sipping a cup of tea, and laying in bed. However, you will look up after a couple hundred turns and realize that you have been playing for 3 days. As I always say, if it's on sale buy it. If it isn't - wait. Cuz it will be.
game-hours: 24.1
review: its like skyrim, with nukes
game-hours: 54.9
review: Best game ever, I wasn't sure if I would like it as I had not played the earlier versions, but as I had experience with age of mythology and other similar games, this was only 10x better. (though age of myth will always have a place in my heart)
game-hours: 272.7
review: fantastic
game-hours: 361.9
review: A very fun game,and very entertaining.
game-hours: 94.4
review: This game will take all your free time away, and no matter how long you try and resist and walk away from you computer, you will always return.
game-hours: 895.1
review: I'm nowhere near a big fan of strategy games, real time or turn-based, and can't really say I'm a big fan of any...except this series, which I adore, and this game is no exception. Difficulty levels go from 1(tutorial level difficulty here) to 9(I barely won a single game at 5), so anyone can find their sweet spot. If you do not have any interest in history I can almsot guarentee that this game will change that. So many quotes by famous people in history, many leaders and civs to choose from, units go from men with stones tied to stick to the kind of warfare we have now (with a single unit that goes beyond), multiple ways to win...there is a ludicrious amount of content in this game. If you are ANY sort of fan of history or strategy games or simply just good games, you will get a lot of enjoyment out of this.
game-hours: 327.8
review: Colonize Europe as the Aztecs. Prevent your citizens from reproducing in the course of 180 years in order to build the Eiffel tower before Mongolia. Build a submerged Kremlin cause you didn't have enough space on land. Get nuked twenty-eleven times by Gandhi. Invent the internet before anyone has ever heard about the computer. Rain death upon Japanese Crossbowmen with your F-22s in the 17th century. Rename the World Congress to "A Bunch of s." Get somebody to wage war on you cause on of your cities happens to be next to Mt. Fuji. 1/10 for historical inaccuracy.
game-hours: 383.7
review: Get this game, IT'S AWESOME!!!!!
game-hours: 55.8
review: A modern-day masterpiece. Beautiful graphics, elegant gameplay, sleek interface, all wrapped in the glorious civilization building model that goes back to version 1 through 4. If there is a downside its that combat units cant stacked.
game-hours: 53.9
review: Got fed rottie food
game-hours: 66.9
review: it is a fun and great game if you like stratigic games i would recommend it for all strategy players
game-hours: 769.7
review: best turn based strategy ever play as any civ old or new
game-hours: 18.3
review: is good
game-hours: 32.3
review: Ghandi's gonna nuke you.
game-hours: 63.5
review: An awesome strategic game with an endless number of things to do on it. Yes, I said endless. It has nearly 300 achievements.
game-hours: 586.4
review: Most awesome game ever!
game-hours: 43.8
review: May not seem like fun, but yet it is and addictive as ! Really recommend
game-hours: 138.7
review: Really good game but you should get the DLC because it makes the game a lot better.
game-hours: 247.4
review: Justdownload the demo already. Then you can see for yourself why I spent 19 hours on my first match in a single 36-hour period (I'd be more precise if I could remember; it's kind of a blur).
game-hours: 24.8
review: Just wait until I get my B-52s guys! 10 destroyed ryans/10
game-hours: 95.1
review: ing awesome if you love stratergie
game-hours: 535.9
review: "Our words are backed with nuclear weapons" - Mahatma Gandhi the Terrible of India Nothing more to say. 10/10
game-hours: 165.4
review: Even though a bit old, sort of fun in singlplayer, very fun in multiplayer. I would advise getting gods and kings or Brave new world, as they fix some stuff. (liberty being op)
game-hours: 78.1
review: AMAZING strategy game. It is very fun, although, it is far better if you can get a group of friends together. Highly Recommend.
game-hours: 656.6
review: I'm going to get right to the point right now. Civilization V, with Gods and Kings and Brave New World, might just be one of the best PC games I've ever played. The potential for in-game experiences are limitless, and the amount of customization is greatly welcomed, which goes from individual unit names to complete civilization mods. In addition to that are the scenarios, which also have multiple ways to win, as you rewrite history, or complete it again. Gameplay wise, the AI has gotten much better with the DLC. On the vanilla verson of this game, there is room for improvement in quite a few aspects (which, for the most part as far as I know, have been fixed with the DLCs). While this may not be a big problem for players new to the Civ series, for those who have been into Civilization for a while may be disapointed with the basic version of this game. However, if you are willing to get the DLC, the game is absolutely spectacular. In other words: New players should have no issues with the game, but some more experienced players might be upset with the vanilla version. With the DLC, this game is one of the best out there, but the vanilla Civ V, along with Gods & Kings and Brave New World is $90 in all, so if you want the best experience (IMO), I would slowly get the DLCs until you are all caught up, or you are satisfied. As for fun value, I would say this is the best purchase on Steam that I have made. 500 hours well spent, and hopefully many more. The game is as challenging as you want it to be, but regardless, you WILL find yourself going for just....one....more....turn. You might lose a bit of your social life, and find that you just used up 8 hours when you thought it was only 2-3 hours. But damn it, at least it was fun. Overall, with out a doubt, I would recommend it.
game-hours: 385.2
review: One of the all time best turn-based strategy games, everything that made IV great plus much needed improvements to graphics and game mechanics. Don't expect to just play a short game, be ready to sink a few hours into trying to dominate the world. "Brave New World" and "Gods and Kings" DLC really are necessary to get the full experience, however.
game-hours: 107.4
review: A great play for those who are willing to stay on the same game for hours and hours. The game itself has tons of replayability, and has some great, well priced expansion packs that add even more stuff to the game.
game-hours: 332.3
review: I can deffinitly recommend this game to all strategy game lovers, If anyone ever played any of the earlier civilization games, you should not expect it to be too much like the older ones. Yet even though stuff has been changed or even taken away, that is more than outweighed by new additions, extremely well done graphics, the new soundtracks, and the new combat system.
game-hours: 237.2
review: Seriously? It's Civ 5. If you don't own this game already,you have something wrong with your head brain. If you ever wanted to Nuke Ghandi, backstab Boudicca, and setup trade agreements with Geroge Washington all in the same turn, this is your game. If you ever wanted to invade Rome with a mix of spearman and tanks, well you're stupid, but buy this game. If you haven't bought this game, buy this game.
game-hours: 252.3
review: The king of round-based strategy games Suited for beginners and experts this game offers hundreds of hours of empire-building, diplomacy and war. Brave New World is strongly recommended, as it adds a lot of fun features. Civ5 also supports mods, but only in singleplayer. 9/10
game-hours: 156.1
review: Very fun to play with firends.
game-hours: 244.2
review: Soooooo goooood, especially with friends.
game-hours: 52.4
review: This game is drug... You can play with the history, i mean, where else you could declare war do gandhi....
game-hours: 213.7
review: Very addicting, be prepared to sink a hundred hours, that you didnt mean to, into this game.
game-hours: 43.2
review: Probably myfavorite FPS. Has a lot of the core elements in any good shooter.
game-hours: 119.4
review: After buying this game, I'm finally Happy. You want happiness? Buy this game. Don't look at the price, don't look at other reviews, don't look at anything...just buy it.
game-hours: 181.8
review: Way too much time spent playing this, great game for long trips.
game-hours: 240.7
review: This game really drove the Sid Meier experiance home. Sometimes whille playing I really did feel like I was becoming Sid Meier. It's hands down the most realistic simulation game since Fez II so it was basically real life. At some points of game play I literally thought my name was Sid Meier, so that means the graphics in the game look so real that it makes you feel like you're in real life...for real. Thats why I give this game: 8 cans of Mountain Dew / 3 Family sized bags of Doritos. Graphics:Real Life Gameplay:1 Commentary:63 Directors Cut:9.9999999 Story: Dank/10 Verdict:Yea
game-hours: 99.2
review: Still one of the top turn based strategy games of all time. Every revision has it's own merits; and though some woudl argue as to whether they have improved with each iteration, I certainly tink they have. It still has the same adicting "one more turn" aspect of all civilization games. You will spend hours and hours playing a single game.
game-hours: 361.6
review: Pretty good game, lost hours upon hours to it.
game-hours: 50.0
review: I love this ing game.Its history but ing fun as hell!!!!!!!!!1
game-hours: 27.6
review: Amazing stratergy game.
game-hours: 2356.3
review: I LOVE IT
game-hours: 156.5
review: Well worth the price. I've already gotten my money's worth from this game and am nowhere near done playing it, I forsee dropping over 1000 hours in this game.
game-hours: 29.7
review: addicting as all hell
game-hours: 60.1
review: Civ 5 is addictive, fun, and crazy entertaining!
game-hours: 131.7
review: So fun and always keeps you coming back for more
game-hours: 283.9
review: Really great game! One of the very best turn-based strategy games. The only problem I myself have is that the AI is attacking me out of no-where and its not possible to make a no-aggression packt. (it'd be great, tho.) However, really enjoyable game with lots of thinking. (Normal Civ V - no DLC's or addons.)
game-hours: 26.7
review: With all the available mods, it's a never ending game.
game-hours: 477.1
review: This game is great, well worth the buy
game-hours: 198.8
review: Love this ga,e, just the right pace for an old guy like me.
game-hours: 50.8
review: I would love to write more but I've got to go and destroy another city. All I will say is that it is a super addicting and well designed game.
game-hours: 47.8
review: When Superstorm told me to get Civ V, I didn't think it was an invitaion to become and all-powerful god. This strategy game provides the experience of becoming an influential, powerful leader from history. You can declare war, trade, conquer, and make powerful allies. One con is that it's really upsetting to lose a game after you've worked really hard, so if you're new to Civ V prepare for the worst. overall, this game was exciting, interesting, thrilling, and has amazing graphics. 9/10.
game-hours: 43.2
review: Good game
game-hours: 356.1
review: I enjoy playing this game because I like the idea of being able to develop technologies and advance through the eras. I also enjoy attacking enemy units but find it annoying when I usually lose the battles even with the advantage. Overall, I think that it is a pretty good turn based strategy game.
game-hours: 106.8
review: Do you enjoy not bathing, having cancer, or fighting over the city of "Buttfart" for hours with your friends? If you answered yes to any of these questions or if you really enjoy crying yourself to sleep in a hot sweat of frustration and disapointment, then this game is for you! This game is great, it has caused me to permanently damage my mouse AND my self esteem during the countless temper tantrums that this game promoted! I was meant to be the supreme leader of a great nation but instead I sat and watched the glorious cities of Buttfart, Fatnut, and Dickblood get defiled by the Japanese. Sid Meier is a sick man and so was Ghandi.
game-hours: 19.5
review: Too addictive, you may lose your friends and family cuz of this masterpiece .
game-hours: 78.5
review: Very good game, a lot of fun, takes a long time but still great would give this a 9/10
game-hours: 249.4
review: One of the best strategy games to play with you friends!! Try to win trough military, science or diplomatic viktory and some outhers as well.
game-hours: 379.8
review: Civilization V may not be the best game in the series, but to say it isn't a truly great game would be a clear falsehood. Although lacking some of complexity and difficulty of its predecessors, Civilization V is a triumph for modern strategy games and city builders alike. Starting from the most ancient eras of human time, on a randomly generated map with few user inputs, you, portrayed as one of the greatest leaders of history, and your people, will traverse through time, technological innovation and cultural expansion. Working with or competing with you are your neighboring Civilizations and, newly added to the series, 'City-States' these mini-states can be made to serve you, or your competitors in a variety of ways. The combat system of Civ games has been entirely revamped in this edition, no more stacks of doom, and much less of the, how did that medieval archer shoot down my jet fighter? Instead each unit occupies its own hex, and the battle outcomes are not only more predictable, but much more realistic. This is made even better in the Gods and Kings expansion, which revamps and balances the combat system even more so. The single player game is one of absolute self-indulgence and glee, you will trollop your foes on the lesser difficulties and construct massive and intimidatingly successful cities to crush your AI foes in whatever manner you see fit, be it through diplomacy, culture, technology or perhaps just flat out war. The game does indeed grow in challenge as you increase your difficulty, but unfortunately due to the complexity of the game, the developers were forced to sort of 'Band-Aid' the higher difficulty settings, in that rather than facing more devious opponents with advanced strategies, you have simply been handicapped, while your AI rivals have been given gifts of free technology and increased resources. There are also a variety of special scenarios (some downloadable) which place you in a specific time period or conflict; these can be quite a puzzle on the higher difficulties. The real challenge in the game for those who dare to venture is in the online and LAN multiplayer. Playing against real people adds a whole new level of difficulty, but also opportunity, competition can be fierce in some games. Luckily because of the nature of the game and the desire to play with real people instead of computers, it shouldn't be difficult to find a group of non-war like players for those still wanting to build their skills before truly experiencing PvP style play. Players drop frequently because of time constraints and games are rarely finished, which is why it is lucky that there are special modes such as 'quick speed' to allow more rapid progress. With so much variety in selection of leaders, maps, strategies, settings and more, it is easy to see how players like me could clock hundreds of hours. Expansions: Downloadable Civilizations: Almost always worth it, if only so that you may battle against them or be better able to join more games. It just adds more to the amazing international melting pot of war and conflict. Personally I find many of the DLC Civ's the most fun to play as. Extra Scenarios: These I maybe could do without, but if you love history, or are just starting out in Civ, they could be a great way to explore the game, in addition they offer special civs with unique abilities and powers not possible in regular play. Gods and Kings: Although I won't get into it too much, you're crazy if you don't get this expansion; it fixes so many issues, and adds so much to the game, namely religion. Real Civ 5 starts with this expansion. Brave new World: Firaxis has done it again, even more civilizations, more bug fixes and more customization and realism. I absolutely love this new expansion! It is the reason I am playing again, trade routes, advanced diplomacy, the world congress and more. This polishes off the game and gives it the 5 stars it deserves. Ratings: My rating for the game is at its current state, not taking into account previous issues or ones that may occur in the future, I figure my review has been written for people who are considering purchasing the game, and so I have let go of any ill will caused by issues that are now resolved. Singleplayer: 5 Multiplayer: 5 Gameplay: 5 Replayability: 5 100% Reccomend to anyone who enjoys strategy games, city builders, history buffs or political science buffs.
game-hours: 15.2
review: One of the best "time machine" games, first impressions may seem a bit complex, but once you learn how to play it you won't regret.
game-hours: 37.5
review: One of the most addictive games i've ever played... my first match, i spended like 8 hours without even realising!!! 9/10
game-hours: 136.4
review: I have a lot of fun playing this one, the possibilities are endless! I enjoy randomizing all settings so I can always have a new setup!
game-hours: 39.5
review: Really fun :)
game-hours: 370.3
review: A+ material. I love this game, the soundtrack, and how relaxed it makes me. I can't wait for Civ 6 if it comes. Everybody should get this game. Bless Sid Meier's heart.
game-hours: 194.1
review: (Reviewed with Gods+Kings expansion) This game has sucked over 40 hours of my life in the last 2 weeks. It brings the "just one more turn" addiction that I felt with Civ 2 and Alpha Centauri, as well as updated gameplay and strategy. At first I didn't like the dumbed down tech tree, but it's grown on me. I have few complaints about the game--The automated city manager is adequate, alliances with the AI seem hardly useful (you hit endgame and they will backstab you. Or maybe that's just Korea's MO. in. EVERY. GAME), and it appears you can game the new combat system something fierce (I field at most 3-7 units to defend my empire, regardless of empire size). I have to admit I really enjoy the fact that CiV has finally gone hexagonal.
game-hours: 997.3
review: AWESOME!!
game-hours: 22.3
review: just play
game-hours: 299.6
review: Great game very easy to sink several hours into it without even realizing it
game-hours: 34.5
review: Civilization V is a solid game. Not too much more to say. It's fun to play Vanilla, with many different ways of achieving victory (Culture, Science, and Domination, for example) and no two games turn out quite the same. Then when you include mods into the equation, and you get even more playtime and fun. I recently played a match as the kingdom of Rohan on an 80x80 hex map of MIddle Earth, and man was that fun. There are also mods that add enhanced functionality, unique units, GUI tweaks, and a whole slew of other changes that serve to spice up the experience. Definitely a solid pick up. However, I'd definitely advise getting Gods and Kings with it at the very least. The Gods and Kings expansion adds a lot of content to the game that was sorely needed, and they have added even more content to it with the newest expansion Brave New World.
game-hours: 25.5
review: Amazingly fun! Highly reccomended!
game-hours: 484.3
review: This game will eat your life....
game-hours: 54.3
review: I'd  it.
game-hours: 5.4
review: Great game
game-hours: 751.0
review: love this game, very addictive. i play it for hours on end
game-hours: 268.8
review: Day 3: No food, no sunlight, and no water. Ever since I got this game I can't stop playing. This game is too addicting. Please help.
game-hours: 390.6
review: Definitly one of the greatest games of all time. Playing as some of the greatest civilizations ever to walk the Earth you must race for victory. Unlike some games, in this there is multiple paths to take on your way to victory, including scientific advancement, taking over the world, and discovering the United Nation. This game never gets old and is always fun to play.
game-hours: 69.8
review: This game is Amazing, Get it
game-hours: 791.3
review: Sid Meier's latest entry in the award winning Civilization series is fantastic. It allows you to rule a country however you would like, be it peacefully allying yourself with others or steamrolling them with the feet of your armies. The two expansions, although steeply priced, is a must for the full experience and i reccomend the dlc strongly. If you love 4X games and have a lot of money in gifted steam cards, than i highly reccomend considering Civilization V. However, if you couldnt put a lot of time into one saved game (a standard game could be awhile,) then you might want to look at less time intensive titles. 10/10
game-hours: 52.2
review: Buy this game and it will eat your brains. 0/10 needs Shrek civ
game-hours: 548.8
review: It's a great game full of adventures and upgrades. You can research really excisting projects and monuments. It looks a bit like Age of Empires II, but I think this game is more fun (and more expensive).
game-hours: 294.6
review: Game constantly crashes, I rarely go 10 turns without having to restart the whole game; this is with running off 8 GB of ram with an intel core I5 processor. Very frustrating! On the rate occasion the game works it is a great game and highly addictive!
game-hours: 974.6
review: This is a good game but SOOO much DLC.... They want all our money
game-hours: 177.3
review: Dropped 32 nukes on the Iroquois, didnt even take there cities. Won a diplomatic victory. 10/10 would irrationaly nuke again.
game-hours: 86.3
review: fun strat game for all
game-hours: 128.6
review: Big fan, one of the best in the series.
game-hours: 566.0
review: One of my favorite games
game-hours: 493.6
review: [Quick Infomation]: I'm completely new to the Civilization V series, but this title is one you should consider picking up! The game is about you taking control of a civilization. For example China. You can choose to start in the ancient age all up til the information age. You can also choose to spawn in the real world or a random map, or just build a map! [Gameplay]: The gameplay is turnbased. You do what ever you want to do in a turn. Press "Next Turn" and the AI (or if Multiplayer a human) does what ever they want. You can choose different kinds of game speeds. Quick, Standard, Epic & Marathon. The difference between the game speeds is how long Research, Production & Grow takes. But movement of units ISN'T slowed. The maps is made of Hexs. It opens up for lots of tactical opportunities. [Gameplay Time]: If you start from the ancient era, and with quick speed. You can easily expect a few hours. Unless you rush your enemies. A marathon can take multiple days. But over the course of multiple days you can get tired with your Civilization. So I do not recommend playing at this speed. I normally take Epic to have a acceptable science speed. and so I have time to explore in a good time. But Marathon is just to boring since there isn't much to do while you wait for the cities to finish production. In the course of 2 weeks I've already played around 100 hours. Only a few games can keep my attention so strong and I'm still playing! [Community]: The game features mod support. The mods are in the Main Menu. Just click on the and connect to steam workshop and there are already many mods for you to use even more time on the game! [Multiplayer]: The multiplayer is not tagged on. It has a great multiplayer. It is pretty much just like Singleplayer but just with humans! But the turns takes some time late game. You can actually turn something called "Pitboss" on. This will do so that every time it's your turn in Multiplayer it can either e-mail you or send you a steam invite. While you do other stuff! But I like the Single player more since there isn't that waiting time. But one quite annoying thing that can't really be fixed is that there will allways be a good one in a game. If you are the good one, it will really decrease the other players morale... If they have a bad time they will proberly quit or just be kind of sad/mad at you (friends) So this game is best at it's Single player. [Final Score]: 9/10
game-hours: 77.0
review: This game is great!!!
game-hours: 94.8
review: Time FLIES in this game, i need to buy diapers to conquer the world
game-hours: 208.2
review: URMURGURD!!!! This game is the tankiest tank of all tankdom, if you have friends get them to get it if they dont THEY ARE NOT YOUR FRIENDS!! If they get it THE FUN WILL NEVER END!!!
game-hours: 141.7
review: peng game 10/10
game-hours: 123.1
review: Shitey.
game-hours: 91.6
review: After playing this for just an hour i was instantly hooked on it. This game is amazing and i recommend it to all strategy fans. 10/10
game-hours: 425.1
review: All time favorite game, I've palyed for hundreds of hours always on huge and have yet to finish a game, but it's about as perfect as a game has ever been to me. If you like strategy with actual diplomacy and trade, this game with all of its expansions accomplishes it.
game-hours: 118.3
review: I like this game alot. I really feel in control of my civilization as I play. I can craft my people into anything. I feel like I make alot of ememies as I play with my friends.
game-hours: 89.7
review: its great buy it
game-hours: 388.0
review: this game could be one of the the reasons crime rates have gone down while obesity rates go up.
game-hours: 137.8
review: jhgfdhjkgcf
game-hours: 61.7
review: This is addictive fun, get it. Especially during exams.
game-hours: 68.9
review: It is ever so addictive.
game-hours: 47.4
review: Great
game-hours: 224.5
review: As a mind games lover i highly reccomend this game even if you one of the people who dont love looking up for many tutorials and guides to play a game. this game briliant once you play it you cant get enought as some one who made more then 10 saves atleast and still every new game is more crazy then the other just the felling from making your first city with one population all the way to a huge empire with an advanced army. i highly reccomend this game to everyone no metter what types of game you love action,adventure or any other type this game is fun for everyone.
game-hours: 401.2
review: sweet
game-hours: 33.6
review: This game never ends and is very addicting first game set it to random lasted 15hrs totaly worth the buy but i'd say till it goes on sale so you can buy all the dlc and the game cheaply
game-hours: 440.3
review: good game would play 10/10
game-hours: 129.4
review: One of the better strategy games of this generation. I do find war a little clunky but other than that it's an amazing game.
game-hours: 74.0
review: With this game you can play as Britain and retake what is truly ours.... the world! Apart from that you can nuke whoever you want so enjoy!
game-hours: 172.7
review: Really fun game...TBS game and from a great maker.
game-hours: 135.4
review: If you're looking for a stratagy game, you came to the right place. Civ's easy-to-learn hard-to-master controls and mechanics make it one of my favorite stratagy games. I honestly did not expect to enjoy this game as much as I have. The AI is clever and unexpected, the gameplay is fun, especially in single player, and multiplayer is... mostly stable. The game does sometimes randomly disconnect you from games, however it's not too difficult to just reconnect. Also, in multiplayer turns can go on for quite a while, especially considering some players have more to do than others, so sometimes you end up sitting around doing nothing, however this is a problem with most/all turn based games. All problems aside, it's a great stratagy game.
game-hours: 675.7
review: don't let your guard down.... especially raging barbarian they will always haunt you, steal your worker, raze your city, and don't be friend with askia.. damn I still grudging him until now
game-hours: 161.3
review: This is an addictive turn-based strategy game that will keep you at your computer for hours at at time! I always find myself saying "I'll play just one more turn, then I'll get off" then I find myself playing 15-20 more turns before I finally pull myself away. This is because there's always something interesting happening during every turn and you feel the need to take advantage of it. This game also has low specifications, so you don't need a super fast computer to play it. Fun, immersive, historical, and captivating - definitely worth the price!
game-hours: 139.7
review: CRIKEY! THIS GAME! IS AMAZING! THE WILDLIFE IN THE OCEAN SHOWS EVERYTHING FOR MY LOVE!
game-hours: 312.3
review: Good to play with friends, even better to play by yourself, 10/10 recommended!
game-hours: 283.9
review: Have nothing to do for 9 hours?
game-hours: 288.9
review: Probably the best turn-based god game ever.After the first four games Civ V has lots of improvements there is no more religion which is probably a better idea and has city-states which are a quite good idea also the interface is much more streamlined.There are a lot of options for your civilization from America to France.Also now the game is on a hex-based grid its a lot better than the old square-based grid.You need to take your civilization from cavemen to the future.Watching as you advance in technogly run low on money and try to regain it,you are invaded and denouced as you need to built farms,new cities,mines,quarrys. An excellent game! 10/10
game-hours: 181.6
review: i love playing stratgy games and Civ 5 is by far the most in depth. best graphics on a stratgy game other than rome total war 2. every game can be played differntly and stratigies vary so its all up to you.
game-hours: 109.6
review: amazing game. It can get very addictive because there are endless amount of things to do(Sort of)
game-hours: 259.3
review: Very Fun Game. Youll find yourself playing for long periods at a time for what will seem like 30 minutes for you. You will get addicted to it and want to finish the game before you do anything else. Even when you finish your first match you might want to play again. Theres no problem with that either as there different ai difficulties , randomly genrated maps and varing civs with there own special perks.Once youve mastered all of that you can try to mod the game , this game has many creative and smart players that made there own custom maps , civs or scenarios. If you have a friend thats plays the game you could play with them. If you are a stratagy game fan or just like the feeling of creating YOUR own empire and nation then this is a can not miss.
game-hours: 31.8
review: The greate and best strategy ever! There are a lot of kinds of development of ur state in this game. You can become a rich person and make "BOOM" to other countries. On the other hand u can fight for every piece of land and struggle seemingly insignificant from the poor state. So this game is rly enjoyable and diversful!!!!!! 9.5/10
game-hours: 1003.0
review: Amazing game. Highly worth the money to get the DLC's also.
game-hours: 4.2
review: This the 2nd strategy game I had played in years and I became addicted to it naturally. REALLY easy to learn, hard to master. Although I may not understand the intricate mechanics and strategies that can be applied to the game, I still have a blast with it. Japan all day every day.
game-hours: 369.9
review: The most time consuming game you could possibly play
game-hours: 579.2
review: Seriously play it. And get Brave New World
game-hours: 10.5
review: Great game
game-hours: 152.8
review: Having played every iteration of the Civilization franchise since the first one in 1991, I can honestly say this is the best one ever made, and not just because of improved graphics, I'm talking about gameplay balance and the feeling it gives you that this is a huge, deep, complex world. My one and only gripe is the excessively long load times--I had to install it on the SSD and even there it takes 15 seconds to load but that's better than 2-3 minutes.
game-hours: 723.4
review: This is probably one of my alltime favorite games. I can spend the entire day playing this game, as you can see I have over 500 hours into it. Easy controls (You only need your mouse!) it is a simple fun fast turn-based military economy nation simulator. With thousands of fun mods to pick from to play with from the Steam Community! I highly recommend this game to anyone interested! Worth the money, and also the expansion packs to this game. It seems like a lot of money to buy it all, but at the end it is worth it!
game-hours: 48.8
review: An awesome game of strategy it can be diffiucult at times but is a fun all the same
game-hours: 134.3
review: This game is the epitome of global conquest and strategy games. Although it is turn based, it keeps you interested and intent on taking over the globe. The AI has improved tremendously, and can be extremely challenging. It features multiple difficulties, for beginners and experts, and every type of intermediate out there. This game even has a multiplayer, so buy and we can battle or work together to rule the world!
game-hours: 401.5
review: Aw yiss.
game-hours: 289.1
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V. Some of the best money I've ever spent. Hours poured into this game. I do not regret it, and neither will you when you try out this game. Combine it with Gods and Kings and Brave New World for maximum enjoyment factor. Just a warning, the game is rather resource-intensive, so it may lag on lesser computers. Have fun!
game-hours: 93.6
review: Gandhi
game-hours: 533.7
review: Its a good game overall only problems are that its hard to finish games due to connection issues and the players themselves
game-hours: 151.6
review: It makes me horny
game-hours: 214.6
review: This is the best gamer ever!!!!
game-hours: 51.7
review: This is a great game but i think the best way i can describe it as being historical chesswith the a wide range of mods to allow you to play with a wide range races and contries
game-hours: 363.5
review: 10/10
game-hours: 225.5
review: This a good one. Maybe this is where my life went.
game-hours: 1444.1
review: Best game ever for me:)
game-hours: 187.6
review: 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 270.7
review: New to Civ? Play Civ 5!
game-hours: 687.5
review: Civ 5 is the best 4X game ever made, better then even the great civ 5. Not only does it look great it feels and plays great. Get the BNW and GK to make it even better! Who doesen't want to be gandhi and take over the world? I would also suggest you play it with friends since back stabbing your "friends" never felt so good. I give it a 8.5/10 and a 9.5/10 if you got some of the dlc like BNW and GK.
game-hours: 11.0
review: buy naowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
game-hours: 375.0
review: Awesome game
game-hours: 262.8
review: I really enjoy the coop of this game. My brother and I play as often as we can.
game-hours: 66.7
review: i dont understand how this game can be one of the most popular strategy games... its S-H-I-T... im not kidding, awful hexagone-style gameplay, didnt like it AT ALL, but i have to admit that in the beginning when i first tried it out, i liked the diplomacy aspect of the game... the rest.. no so much
game-hours: 98.3
review: great freaking game
game-hours: 41.1
review: the classic sonic levels were better than the modern sonic levels
game-hours: 865.5
review: One of the best 4X strategy games out there
game-hours: 72.2
review: One of the best turn-based strategy games I've ever had the pleasure of playing. Whether teaming up with my friends for some multiplayer, or simply losing a whole night of sleep to the game's endlessly replayable single player, this is one game that any strategy enthusiast, or, hell anyone strat-curious should check out.
game-hours: 22.3
review: Very, Very fun game. Now, if you dont like AOE and Risk type games, you wont like this, if you do, you will love this. You just have to remember, its like Risk, with turns. Thats about all. Its like AOE because you have to get resources, ect,ect,ect. Its not like either of those in the ways of creating a city, attacking, trading and research. well, its kinda, a tiny tiny bit, like AOE with the research. Its like AOE with the "cant see anything" to start with...or at least, tell you get a satalite :) then its like you typed "marco" "polo" Its like Risk cuase you it takes turn, kinda like drafting, but not, its like AOE cuase you see your troops, but you have sections you can move, a amount you can move, and other things. All in all, I loved the game, Would buy it again if that meant playing it and winning...again :) Thanks!
game-hours: 172.7
review: None of my friends want to play this game with me anymore, which is a shame becauase this is a beast of a multiplayer, if your lucky enough to have cooperative friends, cherish every moment with them in this game...
game-hours: 186.1
review: Great turn based game. Always end up spending more time playing than I wanted to.
game-hours: 127.4
review: this game is very realistic. The japanese first started in north america where they were at constant odds with their neigbours russia and songhai. They managed to conquer them all and set across the seas where they setteled in modern day europe where they also met geroge washington and the arabs. The arabs were very strong and conquering everyone including america so then japan libertaed america from their arab opperssors but the americans decided to invade japan with it's longswords men but they were no match against the japanese giant death robots
game-hours: 621.5
review: A wonderful game that inspires you to create an empire to match your personality, stratagey and Aspirations into a nation that will either live a peaceful existence and achive glory through culture, diplomacy or tourism. Or you can make the world burn and conquer the millions either way a great way to spend your day. (I prefer the nuclear fire off war). 9/10
game-hours: 56.2
review: Civilization V, a great improvement over Civ IV, easily the best civilization to date. Newbie freindly, great game mechanics, great graphics. One of the best improvements over the last few Civs is the implementasions of the tiles, it makes the game much more tactical and interesting. No more can we make the "Stacks of death", or just steam roll our enemies without any problems. Even though i haven't played the Civs prior to Civ IV, i still think it's the best Civ to date.
game-hours: 45.0
review: This game Destroyed many Friendships of mine .... but exploding nukes are so pretty *_*
game-hours: 142.2
review: An awesome game with loads of possibilities. It also works excellent on my MBP mid 2012.
game-hours: 61.7
review: Awesome Game, very fun and in depth. Also gives free trading cards. Yay!
game-hours: 35.4
review: "RECOMMEND" 'Don't critisize until you've played it' Good overhead strategy game which involves planning and thinking ahead of the game. Graphics are fairly good for a game of this genre. There are a few bugs (mainly on multiplayer) none too noticable.. I can't go in full depth personally since I don't have a great amount of hours playing. Have Fun.
game-hours: 1.4
review: Good game
game-hours: 111.9
review: I would definitely recommend this game to anyone who is interested in history and/or wants to learn about historical figures and events. This game allows the player decide the politics of the world you are in and that is why it is one of Steam's best selling games.
game-hours: 0.1
review: My favorite game of all times. Is it really necessary to explain why ? If you like 4X game, this is THE reference, often copied but never (at least not yet) beaten.
game-hours: 512.6
review: .
game-hours: 38.3
review: In the end, I got enough enjoyment out of this game to recommend it, though it still feels off and game-y - it really punishes you for doing things the wrong way, and I never really feel like I can attack anybody until civilizations have guns, when most of the appeal for me is playing as ancient empires like the Romans. But anyway, it's still worth playing.
game-hours: 1290.9
review: A good improvement to the Civilization series. Streamlines the gameplay while still requiring good strategic thinking. Very easy to lose a lot of hours in this game.
game-hours: 167.7
review: A classic 4X game.
game-hours: 903.6
review: best ggame ever
game-hours: 62.1
review: This game is good!
game-hours: 8.8
review: guys dont get this game is you have a life because this game will ruin it.
game-hours: 286.1
review: This is a great game.
game-hours: 108.7
review: Great strategy game, looking forward to the next one in the series.
game-hours: 203.2
review: Good game with lots of dlc and content , very fun to play with friends.
game-hours: 203.4
review: It will consume your life and you will be glad it did.
game-hours: 51.7
review: Seriously? Why do you NOT have this game?!
game-hours: 42.6
review: Great game that can have you playing for hours upon hours without realizing how long you've been playing. Every time you play its a different situation and you have to be able to adapt to your surroundings. Each time you play you'll have a different start and you need to know when to expand or when to build an army. The Vanilla version of the game can get pretty boring pretty fast - its all that I own atm. The multiplayer mode is what makes this game even better because you can play a game with friends and you can continue whenever you want. Each civilization has its own special units/special buildings/ or special ability. Its up to you as the player to utilize your civs strong points and use them to reach one of the possible victories. From the time ive played its hard to get a diplomatic victory on Vanilla. Ive heard good things about Brave New World but no need to buy it since Civ Beyond Earth is coming out. The game can be addicting but the Vanilla gets boring after a while unless you play online. All in all 9/10 Would Recommend.
game-hours: 35.9
review: Kind of slow to get into but once you start a game with a few friends, it's very hard to get out of XD i highly recommend this game!
game-hours: 529.6
review: An excellent strategy series got even better with V's hex based maps that allow for some fun military tactics. This is the best civilization yet, as you no longer have to put together unrealistic stacks of doom all on one tile to take an enemy city. There is no one right way to play the game and after almost 500 hours I still find ways to sequence differently and change my playstyle. You can be an aggressive military powerhouse, a prosperous economic nation, a cultured nation, or even a religious one. With many routes to victory, you won't get tired of doing the same thing over and over. The base game has lots of unique leader bonuses, unique civilization units and buildings to explore, and the expansions add even more. I'd strongly recommend getting both expansions to the game as they add so much that is indispensible to the main experience. It's a game that you'll lose track of time, and 1 am will suddenly become 3 am when you promised yourself to quit after one more turn twenty turns ago.
game-hours: 93.5
review: An extremly addictive game.
game-hours: 146.9
review: ing awesome
game-hours: 94.0
review: My favourite game of this genre, I can play for hours on end and when I'm finished with one game I can jump straight into another without getting bored. The gameplay is amazing and your experience can differ every time based on the civilization you choose and the ending you try to achieve. Civilization V - 8/10
game-hours: 10.3
review: I have been a huge Sid Meier's fan ever since Civ 2 and I love the Civilization Series, you can really get bored of ir and you can make your own Nations and Armies and attack others, control currency, build education, resources and much more. Very well made game. The only thing that grinds my gears when it comes it Sid Meiers is that the DLC cost so much money. The Gods and Kings DLC is $29.99 which is the cost of the whole Civilization V game itself.
game-hours: 43.2
review: 10/10 This startagy makes me boner
game-hours: 114.7
review: Awesome game and content and mods
game-hours: 43.4
review: Dis be gewd
game-hours: 33.7
review: Great game. It really does give you a good way to spend your time. Easy to pick up and fun to master, Civ V is the best Civilization to date!
game-hours: 178.8
review: One more turn... just one more turn... Several hours later...
game-hours: 1510.5
review: Very addicting, due to its unpredictableness and your ability to choose to build your civilization however you want it. 10/10 stay up playing most nights
game-hours: 282.0
review: Never gets old.
game-hours: 257.3
review: Super fun!
game-hours: 203.3
review: This game is very fun and addicting. I would reccomend it to all those questioning whether they should buy it or not. Best $20 I have spent in a long time.
game-hours: 22.7
review: a unit needs order
game-hours: 100.9
review: love this game, you say to yourself, one more turn but then it becomes 20 then 100, the only advice I have is to NOT TRUST GANDHI
game-hours: 352.1
review: This game is amazing!!! If you're not playing it you need to!
game-hours: 145.7
review: um dos melhores se no o melhor jogo de estrategia que joguei at hoje...
game-hours: 64.4
review: I absolutly love it!! Just such a superb commbination of stratagy, history(sort of) and city domination. In my opinion Brave New World has just made Civ 5 even better with the addition of Great People, Better Trading, and More Civs.
game-hours: 31.2
review: Never trust Washington, i know he's cute and all but...He is evil himself
game-hours: 784.4
review: Civ 5 without DLC is very fun but once you get all the DLC, there's no going back. Having all the DLC maybe expensive but it's 100% worth it. Civ is a great, fun stragetegy game. You can play with friends, random people or just by yourself. There are 8 different difficulties so you can choose whether you want it to be easy or hard. There is a "campgain" so to speak that you can do. They don't follow off eachother but they're fun. So to conclude if you like strategy games I HIGHLY recommend getting Civ, lots of fun!
game-hours: 287.1
review: Game is great but happiness isnt the best way to stop your civilization from growing.
game-hours: 63.3
review: Win with Science, Culture, Napalm!
game-hours: 89.9
review: For a real time strategy sim, this game sucks. For a duck song replica, this game ing rocks. This game not only took me to the lemonade stand, but THE DUCK WALKED UP THE LEMONADE STAND! THE ING LEMONAID STAND! This game is going to get a 10/10 ducks.
game-hours: 67.0
review: I absolutely love this game. Best spent $30 in my life. 10/10
game-hours: 408.1
review: If you like strategic and management games and you're willing to spend some time to learn how to play (and that means, playing a couple of test matches just to understand the ins and outs of the gameplay), *please* get this. It's very rewarding and deep, and you will always curse at the clock, because you don't have the time to play "one last turn".
game-hours: 248.8
review: Probably one of the most addicting games I have ever played. I dont know about the new beyond earth coming out here but I guarentee this is the best buy I had in the last 2 years
game-hours: 317.0
review: oV
game-hours: 73.9
review: This game is like heroin, you just can't stop playing it. You'll tell yourself "Just one more turn and then I'll quit" but later realize that you've sunken six more hours into the game. You'll alienate your friends & family just so you can teach those dirty Huns not to  with your cities while Gandhi nukes your  of the planet. So yeah, get this game if you like doing hard drugs.
game-hours: 1577.3
review: its ok.
game-hours: 240.9
review: meh
game-hours: 39.6
review: A nice game. Features Germany. 63 69s out of 69 69s.
game-hours: 464.0
review: This game made me giggle my , if you catch my drift.
game-hours: 750.6
review: love it basicly you are a successful hitler 10/10
game-hours: 337.6
review: One of the best games I've ever played!
game-hours: 35.6
review: Awesome game.
game-hours: 439.2
review: This game is my whole life.
game-hours: 181.9
review: Sid Meirer's Civ is prolly the best TBS ever
game-hours: 254.2
review: spain took out the aztecs 100% historically accurate
game-hours: 988.4
review: Great game for history nerds and future tyrants. I personally had no experiance on how to download or use mods, however Civ 5 made it easy and fun. Hundereds of hours my life were spent on this game, and it was all worth it. 10/10
game-hours: 670.1
review: I get god complexes playing this.
game-hours: 279.8
review: Amazing game, gameplay time lasts for 100 of hours and the game improves greatly with the expansion packs G&K and BNW so you can replay again and again and again.....and again.
game-hours: 142.3
review: Rather honestly, this is my favorite game to play. Both with and without online players, I love to play. The freedom to do what you wish and the repurcussions of those actions just make the game that much better. Plus it's not like the third game where you could practically pump out anything you needed, but the computers could always pump out more troops to you no matter what.
game-hours: 73.6
review: This is one of the best games i have ever played!!!
game-hours: 596.0
review: Civ is that game you play with friends, play alone, anything at all. It's fun, you like it, you buy the DLC. You then find a new Civ that you like, great. But then you play a game, theres something special about it and you can't quite tell what is so awesome about it. It consumes you for a few days, it'a all you can think about, all you want to do. Then you win/lose and you feel as if you lost a part of yourself. Because Ghandi is a .
game-hours: 44.7
review: Just. One. More. Round.
game-hours: 223.7
review: Civilization V is one of the best strategy games i have played in a long time. I played Civilization Revolution on the Xbox-360, so when I bought this game, I was not expecting what i recieved. I love the gameplay. The civilizations are well balanced, because one you learn how to manipulate a certain civilization, you can dominate any civilization after. All the DLC's are worth paying for. They add more funcions that caused the gameplay to change drasticaly. Brave New World added trade routes and that alone can change the outcome of the game. You can have a city in the middle of the desert, but have all your other cities sending it food and production, making this city able to grow and eventually be stable on its own. LOVE the game and if anyone wants to play with me, add me! If you have any questions about the game, ask away. 10/10 in all aspects
game-hours: 280.1
review: If you like creating an entire civilization from the ground up, this is the game for you! Just buy all the DLC/ get the gold ediion so you can enjoy every piece of it. Hopefully Fireaxis does CIV VI right and makes the game great on release, but super awesome on all expansions after that.
game-hours: 59.1
review: This is a really incredible game. If you like Age of Empires or Command and Conquer, chances are you'll probably love this game. It's got it's own unique twist to the RTS that makes it feel a lot like a table top game compared to other RTS titles. Also, the way the game is set up, it is easy to get into the action and become familiar with the controls and 'rules', if you will. Civilization V also has a bit more in-depth approach to other players in the world. There seems to be more interaction as compared to Age of Empires. Throw in the expansions, and you've got even more depth added to the original content (which is already immense). From founding your first town to dropping nukes on enemy civs, and from building your society how you'd like it to reading interesting quotes from history's most influential people, this game is one that I keep coming back to time and time again. The only downfall? Some games can take a day or two to play through. You can adjust the length of games, but lengthy games on giant maps are half the fun! I already have a lot of time under my belt with this game, and I plan on putting in a lot more. I would recommend it to anyone who likes a real time strategy games.
game-hours: 355.9
review: Yeah... It's pretty good.
game-hours: 619.7
review: So many varied ways to play. Accurate to historical content. Is a lot of fun to play with friends online with only a little occasional lag. 550 played hours and still not bored with the game. Great strategy based game. Don't buy if you like games that don't involve lucky chance.
game-hours: 70.9
review: This game is like when you pee in a coconut and than later look at it under a microscope just to realize that your new pee humanoids are getting nuked by ghandi.... 10/10 HOE
game-hours: 20.0
review: its just amazink
game-hours: 141.0
review: Where should I start? This game is absolutely amazing! It has so many things you can do. Such as re-enact historical events, see what it would be like if different civilizations began in a different part of the world, or play against your friends in an intense race to see how can dominate the world. Not only can you achieve domination victories, but your nation can also excel and thrive with science, cultural, and faith victories. No matter what civilization you are, you can build any world wonder you desire! As long as you're in the correct time period and meet the requirements of course. All in all this game is great fun, providing hours and hours of fun (and that will only be one game). TL:DR You can build giant death robots towards the end. 10/10.
game-hours: 421.3
review: Amazing game, I would say one of the easiest to control, and fun strategy game ever.
game-hours: 59.4
review: Only 268 moves in and already have thought about fighting :)
game-hours: 130.2
review: Started playing at 10:00 PM. Played for one hour. Watch said 4:00 AM. 10/10.
game-hours: 417.6
review: Say goodbye to your social life. You don't need one when Gandhi is nuking your cities. 20/10 for the Might Warlord Gandhi AI. 10/10 everything else.
game-hours: 452.6
review: Title says it all.
game-hours: 209.3
review: The rarest achievement? THIS: "Invincible. In the middle of the game just stop and go to sleep because you ought to."
game-hours: 73.8
review: Good game but not quite complete without DLC. Overall an amicable continuation of an amazing PC game series.
game-hours: 161.1
review: A hugely immersive game with endless replayability. I can't say much for the single player as I've barely touched it, but as a multiplayer game, if you have a solid 12 hours to spend with a few friends it's a truly incredible experience of bonds formed and broken within the space of a mouse click. Though plagued with a few problems, such as games larger than small running very slowly to begin with, and annoying restarts, it still lends itself to being one of the deepest, exciting and tactical games I've ever played. The DLC massively adds to it too.
game-hours: 735.0
review: A fascinating game with a fantastic gameplay. A strategic and very beautiful game filled with different Empires and Civilizations. As I say to my friends "It's like chess but more advanced!" and that is what it is, as nobody makes peace with the person you are playing chess with for money etc. It's also amazing due to all the mods that're VERY easy to download to the game, that's where I usually find realistic mods, like true start locations for real world, global warming etc. and then I play as Denmark and go full Viking all around the World! It's an amazing game that one can use too many hours on.
game-hours: 61.3
review: Was my first game in the Civilization Series will be looking forward to future installments.
game-hours: 269.0
review: 100 Hours yet Only played few civs its never ending fun also always nuke ghandi
game-hours: 26.8
review: Really, really good game!! Worth every dollar!
game-hours: 29.5
review: Civilization V An indepth stategy game with historical figures and events. Sid Meier knows stategy and when there are (at times) over 90,000 people STILL playing Civ V to this day, you see the proof how well this stategy game is made. Stategy games have always been my "take a break" from the shooter games. Civ V is the best of that break. If there is one strategy game to buy, Civ V is it! Is it your time to jump in to history and have the control?
game-hours: 26.9
review: Great game.This game will have you say "yeah ill play for a little bit" and there you are 5 hours later and you keep saying one more turn.one more turn..............
game-hours: 35.6
review: This may be too adictive for some people. But it is so worth it.
game-hours: 117.7
review: This game is absoulotly amazing it is one of the best strategy games ive played and i recommend it to anyone
game-hours: 111.6
review: its great
game-hours: 605.1
review: If you like turn base strategy games, this is one of the best i ever played. I reccomend this to all Steam players
game-hours: 16.3
review: sranje igrica pusite ga pederi
game-hours: 374.3
review: Civilization V updates the series to a hexagonal board that feels natural to play on. The rich style and artwork along with the graphical uplift provide a sense of maturity to the Civ Series. Recommended to those that like Era spanning strategy games as Civ V finds the right blend and variety to provide endless hours of strategy.
game-hours: 29.6
review: WOW! First of Sid Meier's games I have played and it is superb! Most strategic and entracing game ever! Totally worth the money.....Just wait for a sale, its a tad expensive. I bought it for $35 over christmas
game-hours: 250.6
review: Civilization...my first Civ Game was Civilization II for the PS1 (running on PS2...:D). Back then, everything was quite good and I enjoyed every minute of it. Then my friend told me one day that Civ V is buyable for 10. I bought it because I knew Civ II. Until today I don't regret buying this game. Why? Well, you will see... But let me start from the beginning: Civilization V is a game you can't compare to other games. You have to experience it for yourself, otherwise you can't really say something against it. Basically: You choose your leader and civ,You have settlers and a warrior. You build your city, you make your civilization the strongest, meet other civs, you make war, you can make peace, you even got several types of winning this game! Beat everyone, be the most curtural civ, be the mega-scientist, and so on. Let's talk about the "others". It it clear, that Oda Nobunaga isn't like Ghandi or like Bismarck. Everyone got his own abilities and own special units/building. Japan have bushido, which makes 1 samurai strong like a whole f****** troop of samurai! After you meet the "others", the game starts getting interesting. You can declare them war, trade with them, start getting BFF or asking them if they could fight with you against someone you don't like. But watch out: Even a BFF can backstab you. (ODA NOBUNAGA, Y U DID THIS TO ME? WE WERE BEST FRIENDS!) The cities are interesting too. You got 5 (with the DLCs 6) things you have to look at: Food, production, gold, culture, believe and science. Food makes your city grow (faster), production shows how fast you recruite/build something, culture is good for social stuff, believe and science...yeah :D You can even tell your people what to focus on and which field has to be harvested! (my slogan: What is a city with much food against a city with much productivity? nothing, because the productive city makes units like a factory :D) Oh, and this games has a f****** big variation of mods. I have about 10-20 mods useing right now and it doesn't stop getting bigger (That's what she said, hahahahahahahha...haha...ha...). Anyway, you can have a custom civ or map or even changnig some things in game! It's like getting free mini-DLCs. on mass. The game even got some FUNNY bugs. They don't get on your nerves, but they make you smile or laugh. You will see it when a brigde is in your farmhouse and you start thinking how your people get across the river. Or there's a sightseeing tour thorugh your Pyramid because your Great Wall of China was built through it. Or even your houses fly on water. Like I said, pretty funny, look for them ;D Well...what else can I say? If you look at the hous I played this game, you see that I have VERY much fun with this game. Alone: VERY GOOD. With a friend: MEGA-F******-SUPER-DUPER-ULTRA-BABOONISTIC-GOOD. Are 30 worth it? yes, but try getting it cheaper. Are the DLCs worth it? Of course, they make the game much better, but really try getting them ceaper, they're a little bit too expensive. Oh, and set a timer. Once you started you can't just stop playing. I started once with my friend at 3 pm. we stopped 6 am in the morning and were fast enough to get in bed before parents got us ;D And watch Ghandi. He is the pure definition of betrayal. Seriously. If you p*** him off he will throw nukes at you. He will. Oh and how he will. I didn't experience it, but enough friends told me not to p*** him off. I saw videos. I watch out. I don't lie. I give this game a 10/10. This usually means that a game is perfect, but I can't say something with 9, because it sounds like it is worse, which it isn't. It got some things that bother me, but they're not worth it to be mentioned. I wish you a good time and buy this game. It's baboonastic aweseome. Your Alfons4481 aka [put in current anime character name] [Anime]
game-hours: 81.4
review: Civilization V is easy to get into, but takes time to fully master. It's an addicting combination of empire management and hex-based unit combat. The basic premise is that you lead a civilization from its nomadic origins through the ages. You'll found cities, build grand armies, and interact with other civilizations over epic games that can span tens of hours. The game's greatest strength lies in the emergent narratives that you, the player, will form as you lead your empire to greatness. You will love, curse, and despise your fellow players/AI. In some ways, Civilization is indescribable. This is one of the gaming experiences you must try at least once in your life. I recommend also picking up the expansions Gods & Kings and Brave New World for the most complete experience. P.S: Make sure you set aside a few hours for this game, because you won't want to play anything else for a while.
game-hours: 133.6
review: Playing to lose or barely survive as a weak civilization in the high difficulty settings is actually quite interesting. With scenarios, real world positioning mods, and AI enhancement mods, survival through defense and diplomacy against dominant civilizations creates a different gameplay from trying to win. Too bad multiplayer isn't quite feasible due to constant screen jumping to allied battle...
game-hours: 442.9
review: Never before have I played a game as majestic as this. The graphics are simply amazing, the soundtrack immerses you in the whole experience, and it's the kinda game where you sit down to play, and the next thing you know it's 4 AM.
game-hours: 673.0
review: the best game the only game
game-hours: 20.8
review: This game is good. I mean if I, Reggie Fils-Aime says it, it must be true.
game-hours: 50.7
review: I know I'm late to the game (ha, literally), but I bought this game last week, and I haven't been enveloped by a game this fast since Skyrim. It's probably not a good thing because my grades are absolutely going to tank in my last year of undergraduate studies, but IT'S WORTH IT. I'm going to drop out of college and hide in a basement playign CIV 5 until I STARVE.
game-hours: 130.1
review: Awesum stuff gud play, yay yay.
game-hours: 279.8
review: Augustus Caeser 10/10
game-hours: 10.1
review: fun to play with friends!
game-hours: 208.7
review: Extremely addictive and extremely good.
game-hours: 34.7
review: Bought this through humble bundle and enjoyed it so much i added the extra ~5$ to get the full tier. This is my first experience with a civ game and i have passed on them before because i thought it was to complex. But starting from the lowest difficulty and work your way up seems to have worked this far. The only negative i can think about, except the AI's evil trading, is that it magically turns "one more turn" to 3AM in the morning.
game-hours: 135.1
review: Don't do it, you have better things to do
game-hours: 46.7
review: i beat ghandi in a nuclear war but lost to korea in science...FML 10/10
game-hours: 186.1
review: As much replayability as TES Skyrim (Witout needing any mods) this game is seirously worth the money. The game is fun, and extremely coustimizable. Only downside is that the DLC is expensive
game-hours: 387.6
review: Try not to consider realife logic, for example how would your jets be damaged while attacking stone age babarians other than that kiss good bye to your life
game-hours: 175.9
review: Opened game at 6 in the evening, looked at the clock when I finally took a break, 4 in the morning. 10/10 would lose social life again.
game-hours: 352.3
review: Loved everything about this game. There's enough diversity within the game on how you play based on your civ and your enviornment, yet it's grounded on enough constant features that keeps each gmae consistent. Speaking as a person who has every DLC, it provides hundreds of hours of intertainment that i still find enjoyable with my friends even after my 300+ hours playing. The AI difficulty scale is wide enough so that someone who has never played a civ game before can win on the lowest difficulty, yet if they want to win on the next they need some better management skills, to the utterly brutal that still can act as a worthy opponent each time. Also if you are playing at the right difficulty level, if you lose, its mostly your fault. Maybe you didnt expand enough, or maybe you expanded too much, but generaly you can see where you went wrong or what the AI did right so you can learn from it. Overall, this has been one of my most enjoyable games i have played to date and have loved every second of it. This gets an easy 10/10
game-hours: 736.1
review: A must have.
game-hours: 151.2
review: True Korea trumps all
game-hours: 4.2
review: Awesome game! <3
game-hours: 2191.2
review: I have played civ v over 3000 hours since its release. I find the initial discovery of each map to be the first of many pleasures from this game. The ability to form your civilization to any victory condition and the progression towards that end are wonderful. The only lacking part is that the ai warfare is sometimes simplistic and therefore slightly less of a challenge than you would like at times. Still overall an excellent game.
game-hours: 278.3
review: An amazing game. Totally worth the price!
game-hours: 127.1
review: I have put hundreds of damned hours into this game and there is still more stuff I can do in the game. I've played plenty of games in my life but this is the best one out of all of them.
game-hours: 248.6
review: Pros: Fun, addictive, steam community support, mods Cons: Online multiplayer is a bit buggy, it will suck your life away
game-hours: 164.3
review: Great and, in my opinion, best strategic game I've ever played. 10/10 m8!
game-hours: 246.2
review: This game isnt a game, it is a masterpiece.
game-hours: 282.7
review: Genius, brilliant idk play it for s sake.
game-hours: 523.8
review: Civilization V is possibly the greatest strategy game of all time, and certainly the best I've ever played. I've played this game for over 450 hours now, and there is still plenty that I haven't seen yet. Each time you play, you learn new tactics, skills and strategies to help aid you in one of the many ways to win the game. I would definitely recommend Civilization V Complete Edition, as the DLC's greatly enchance the way you play game. If there was one game I would recommend to buy on steam, it would be this one.
game-hours: 665.2
review: Ghandi is just so kind... Just look at him with all his nukes.
game-hours: 858.9
review: This game feels like every single game in this series has been building up to this- all the positives of the series and none of the negatives. Some say it has faults- and it does- but it is regardless my personal favourite Civ Game yet.
game-hours: 1157.6
review: Love this game! It is worth every dime. With over 800 hours played I can assure it is one of the few titles worth a full price tag.
game-hours: 84.7
review: Alexander The Less 10/10 Would get beaten again.
game-hours: 84.0
review: It's pretty fun.
game-hours: 59.6
review: This game made me think strategy games are  anymore, ghandi has nukes too. 11/10 would bang.
game-hours: 118.2
review: Literally cannot stop playing. A very fun game to play to relax and enjoy yourself. Multiplayer is also really fun with lots of people. I would definitly suggest this game to anyone I meet.
game-hours: 419.2
review: Wasn't too hot on this game when it came out compared to Civ4 but the Gods and Kings and Brave New World Expansions bring it over the top. While the combat grid system is a breath of fresh air to the series, i'm still not too keen on how slow units seem to be generated; it's definitely more of an alt-victory tilted game, which suits me just fine. The variety and subtlety in gameplay definitely gets the "just one more turn.." seal of approval from me!
game-hours: 147.1
review: If you have 10 hours or so free I'd take the opportunity to have a quick game of Civ.
game-hours: 385.2
review: Decent base game,get the 2 expantion packs to get the full experience.
game-hours: 252.5
review: Amazing and addicting!
game-hours: 66.6
review: A grate game. Just lose for Civ II, who was the first civ game I played. This game have a love of community content like maps, civs and game modes. The just one problem is the multiplayer mode who never should exists, this game type won't be made for multiplayer.
game-hours: 8.8
review: One of the best games I've ever played. Play it on the weekend otherwise you will wake up late for work or school Scored it for 10 on summer sale, WIN!!!
game-hours: 71.9
review: is bretty gud yes
game-hours: 140.4
review: "Just another turn, and I'll stop playing" Your mind will repeat it untill you notice you haven't eat for a whole day.
game-hours: 48.7
review: One of the best in its class!!!!!!
game-hours: 336.7
review: This game is my favourite game at the moment, it's a good strategy game with a nice look to it. Not acurate to history at all, (if you don't use mods at least). It's very fun to play with friends, try not to get too competative though.
game-hours: 106.4
review: its pretty good :)
game-hours: 158.7
review: turn based 4x strategy game, is there anything more exciting and visceral nah but really tho this game is well goooooood ive spent way too much time on it it's addictive also flip u henry with ur flippin chinese domination rush also buildin the great wall u scrub
game-hours: 229.8
review: Fantastic game. Very addictive. Decided to play a few turns then it had been 5 hours
game-hours: 179.9
review: One more turn my . Seriously do not think you are going to just quickly make a few turns in this game and go. I once started playing at 8am thinking "eh, I'll play a little bit." and next thing I know it was 2pm and I was slaughtering the Japanese mercilessly. This game will cause you to get fired, fail your classes, get a divorce, and nuke Ghandi all at the same time. I am serious here, the commercials for this game do not lie and I have been apart of a Civ 5 recovery group for a few weeks now. 15/10 would buy again.
game-hours: 210.4
review: 10/10
game-hours: 132.7
review: With no prior experience with these games, I decided to try it. I became hooked instantly. Just a couple of hours and you have a basic understanding. I know people with hundreds of hours in this game, still discovering new things. 100% worth it.
game-hours: 568.3
review: This games preatty epic. You can win by compleating the Utopia projgect, Compleating the space race, Being the most successful by the year 1900, Or my favorite, BECOMING WARLORD AND NUKING EVERYTHING MWAHAHAHAHAH!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 59.4
review: If you buy this game you will lose your girlfriend, your job, and all your friends. Be prepared... it's just one more turn...
game-hours: 177.6
review: Can lose myself for hours in this game, well worth trying out.
game-hours: 149.1
review: One of those games where you feel like you have been playing for an hour, but in reality its been 2 weeks and your cat died and your house burned down around you. But who really cares? You defeated Bismarck and you still have Sid Meier's Civilization V!!!!!
game-hours: 128.2
review: One of the best Games ever.
game-hours: 24.1
review: Got  on by Khan, jokes on him though he just gave half of china's pop HIV
game-hours: 151.5
review: Because everything. 10/10
game-hours: 377.6
review: Good game too op plz nurf
game-hours: 261.7
review: This game robs you of your life and sleep.
game-hours: 69.5
review: Fantastic if you have a lot of time to burn. Turn based strategy aglore!
game-hours: 3.0
review: Political
game-hours: 468.3
review: This game is worse then drugs! If you start playing it.... you cant quit!
game-hours: 14.0
review: pooop
game-hours: 420.2
review: Brilliant. I forget to eat/sleep. This may be killing me, but I don't care
game-hours: 24.6
review: Very good strategy game, most fun with a group of people. You can run and lookover how the human race has progressed through times and the troubles it has gone through. 8.5/10
game-hours: 268.6
review: A great game for anyone that can enjoy slow paced/turn based strategy games, even if you aren't that into the genre.
game-hours: 187.4
review: berry good game
game-hours: 28.1
review: so let me walk you threw this game. you start as a leader of some  and you try to nuke everyone on the map. that sums it up nice
game-hours: 190.0
review: Best city building game which evens out between fighting for your cities and fighting to take over the world.
game-hours: 380.5
review: Good Game. Would buy again 10/10
game-hours: 150.4
review: It is a really good game. I love to play it with friends. If I were you I would get the game. It is amazing.
game-hours: 260.6
review: I don't think it's possible to write a review that justifies how awesome it is to play through Civ 5 while simultaniously appreciating the subtley that went into creating the various scenarios making victory possible from so many angles. I look back at my previous sentence and shudder, because it's really a testiment to how complex the game is. That being said, there are two types of people in this world: People that understand Civ 5 and enjoy it. People that do not. I don't have time for people that do not, so it's my job to convince you why you *should* love Civ 5, or at least take the time to understand and appreciate it. One final note is that I rarely play multiplayer against other players and have only done various scenarios including my friends and I vs. several difficult or increasingly difficult A.I. so that may affect my viewpoint slightly. A strategy turn-based game at heart, Civ 5 might seem like it moves slowly, but make no mistake that there is always something to be doing. It's like a good board game. Yes, that's it. Planning your next moves and expansions, watching your opponents carefully move their armies about, chatting with your ally, planning your research, checking the various windows and utilities available to you to spy on your opponents, etc. Civ 5 is like playing chess, but ten times more complex. Some critics may have critiqued the changes made to "stacking" units, or the change to hexes from squares as a bad thing, and originally I agreed with them, until I played through more and more. The changes made to unit stacking not only make more sense from a realistic perspective, but they also force the player to put more thought into strategy, rather than adopting a simplistic approach of just "get tanks ASAP and mow down your opponents" approach that some of us had in Civ 4. The expansions to the game only serve to expand and adjust your strategy significantly, by inviting you to try your hand at espionage and religion -- they aren't essential parts of the game, but instead feel like true add-ons, by helping you manage your culture and civilization through alternate means. Sort of like talents, or bonus skill points (to reference other games). One of my favorite things about Civ 5 and one of the main reasons I almost always keep it on my hard drive is replayability. The skirmish mode is meant to set up your culture against other cultures and the various victory types make for an interesting blend of randomness ensuring that no two games will play the same. Here's what I mean (in a nutshell): If you set yourself up as a random Civ with a random ally against 3-5 other Civs, you might be given a hand that puts you in the middle of a desert as Germany. In your mind, you may immediately want a military victory pushing around barbarians and threatening puny enemy civs, but as you play through your game you realize that your positioning and proximity to the desert has forced you to adjust your tactics and you suddenly find yourself building wonders and persuing science instead. Before long, you abandon your initial military ideals and adopt those of rationalism. You expand your cities, wary of your neighbors. You invest in your ally. Next thing you know, you've got a spaceship factory and you've almost completed the final components to launch yourself to a science victory. No matter what you start off thinking -- if you make Civ 5 be random to you, you can get a lot of replayability out of the game. If you see it on sale, I highly recommend it to anyone that might have enjoyed sitting down to play a board game or a game of chess. Come for the challenge of learning something new. Stay for the fun of it, and have fun ripping that Civ5 heroin out of your veins...just...one...more..turn.
game-hours: 315.1
review: yes
game-hours: 527.2
review: This game offers a unique experince in dealing with amassing your grand empire.
game-hours: 526.6
review: Recommened by me
game-hours: 127.4
review: Really awesome game. You might even learn some things from it.
game-hours: 85.1
review: If you don't already have this game, you belong in a metal institute
game-hours: 71.2
review: yes
game-hours: 30.9
review: Do not play if you've promised yourself "...just 20 minutes" for that will pass in a blink of an eye. Civ 5 maybe the most recent, the most expansive and potentially most daunting of the classic Civilization series - reinforced with a 234-page manual that comes with it. With those factors in mind, it's easy to imagine strategy new-comers, running away from Civ 5 in droves. But give it another look. Please! Civ 5 is the culmination of over 20 years of series development. Each game has been better than the last (which is a feat in itself) - and welcomes both seasoned veterans and newbies alike. The devs have beavered away on features that worked and ditched those that players felt weak. However, the single, most impressive attribute about Civ 5 is the ability to play the game how YOU want to play it. Want to be a peace-loving, pacifist society? You can be. Want to be a total powermongering and ruthless despot? Again, your choice. I wish I had more space to promote this! Buy it! :) 9/10
game-hours: 550.9
review: It's boring, historically an inaccurate mess, not immersive and slow paced as all hell. Also one of the greatest damn strategy games I've played and know it to be the best I'll play for long. Until Civ VI that is. Supports a ton of playstyles and even losing a game would not bother, as it's incredibly fun to just... build and develop your empire. Also watch out, starting it once means all of your games will dust in your steam library for the next one to four weeks.
game-hours: 205.9
review: A game for people like me, who have a craps load of time to create a civilization. Anyway, it's a lot of fun. Try it out!
game-hours: 163.1
review: great game but if you play against me....ill probably nuke you.
game-hours: 62.1
review: One of the best strategy games I've played. Immensely time consuming but great fun. 10/10
game-hours: 112.6
review: A very fun game.
game-hours: 42.3
review: Years will go by before you realize you're still playing.
game-hours: 99.8
review: Great strategic game. Good-Fun, full of adventure and exploration. Strategic. Bad-Ehh, nothing much. 10/10
game-hours: 161.0
review: On a scale of swag to sweg I'd give this a swug
game-hours: 9.3
review: Civilization V (5) Review This is a really great strategy game. You choose from one of 20 different civilizations to start out with. You build your city, Expand your empire, construct buildings, and choose governmental policies. Certianly not a fast paced game. It may even take hours to complete. Overall a great game for people that like strategy games and have alwasy dreamt of ruling the ENTIRE WORLD. A must buy if you have the money!
game-hours: 424.2
review: If you like long term strategies, get this.
game-hours: 48.9
review: Buy it
game-hours: 279.3
review: This is the best strategy game I ever played, you can link every action and reaction to real life global issues, I believe the developers spent a lot of time researching these features, I highly recommend this game and I'm looking for Civ 6
game-hours: 0.2
review: this is probably a good game. i'll know for sure after a few months, after which i will hopefully have finished my first game
game-hours: 47.0
review: This one is a bit difficult to "review" / give my opinions on it because of the issues I've had with the game so far. Also, I'd like to point out that my only experience with the game is through multiplayer with friends hosting it, so I might get a few things wrong. I tried the basic game and the gold edition, both have major issues relating to lag and graphics when set to lower than high. I have a system that mroe than meets the recommended system requirements and yet I get massive amounts of lag when I play on a huge map and am 3/4 of the way into the research / level. I tried lowering the graphics settings a little bit to see if that would help, but that only seems to make the game unplayable with it's glitchy visual appearance. Obviously if I play the game alone, I'll be able to better identify where the issue is and why I'm getting the massive lags, but I'm not too interested in playing the game alone, especially when I have friends to play the game with. Me and my friends meet the recommended system requirements for this game and our internet connections are more than adequate for a game like this (I have Fiber Optic and my friends have high speed cable), so this issue should not be happening at all. The Faith (religion) addition to the game felt a bit pointless as I played the most religious player in that level, converting everyone around me over without even trying and yet it didn't seem to give me any real advantage over anyone else, in fact, I lost horribly in that game even though I was able to keep up in research and expansion (an AI decided to taunt me till I lost patience and threw everything I had at one of it's cities which did nothing at all to it because the AI had slightly higher research than me). Conquering a city in the early ages with rangers and pikemen seems to be impossible because there's no way to create millitary fast enough to jump onto a city before that city becomes too high in defenses forcing you to wait till after you have stronger units. The game always feels like a race in technology and Wonders only, the battles feel somewhat discouraged because I don't think you can actually win by conquering a large portion of the map (and even if you could, it's very unlikely that it could happen since focusing on war leaves you poor, technology deprived, city expansions slowed down, etc), instead, ppl win far easier through research or culture (aka by technicality). The only time it's a good idea to go to war with someone is if that person is really weak compared to you and you can take him out without wasting too many rounds, because the longer you focus on battles, the less likely you are to win. Based on my limited online experience, I'd say it's a bit better than the other Civ games, but the glitches and limited playstyle hold it back a lot.
game-hours: 132.1
review: WoW is what i said after i finally beat this game this game makes you start off with nothing aand lets you create step by step and at the start peaceful times none around at the end your warriors have to fight off 2 or 3 civs just to survive and you can make freindships but in this you can't trust your allies they turn on you any chance they get annd number one rule DO'NT TRUST WASHINGTON THE OTTOMANS OR SPAIN
game-hours: 79.5
review: Great game. logged 30+ hours on one game. plan to go back for more
game-hours: 22.0
review: Great game for anyone who likes strategy games. Varying difficulty choices allows for beginners and the challenge seeker. Hundred of combinations between rulers and land masses make it almost impossible to play the same game twice. Multiplayer just adds to the fun. Playing with friends (or backstabbing friends) never gets old as you play your new favroite strategy game!
game-hours: 342.5
review: Sick game. Buy it.
game-hours: 77.0
review: Good game
game-hours: 57.6
review: Highly recommended. It takes a LONG time to play through, but is great to have a fun time with some friends.
game-hours: 468.4
review: Simply a perfect game. Buy the game, play it and be happy!
game-hours: 6.5
review: Very addictive and a different game everytime you restart.
game-hours: 19.7
review: My nuclear powered robot was killed by rifleman. Apparently it was Chuck Norris.
game-hours: 58.1
review: Truely amazing game, at its base it can be a little dule but with all of the expansions its a lovely game.
game-hours: 260.4
review: Awesome splooged in my pants
game-hours: 38.4
review: This game is pretty fun. The interface takes a bit to get used to. The game is incredibly addictive though. The perpetual cycles make it hard to walk away from and therefore I ended up playing through an entire civ often, much to the detriment of my work :)
game-hours: 397.7
review: Civivilization 5 continues to improve upon this amazing franchise in small and wonderful ways. The addition of the policy trees is one of my favorite because it allows more control over the way your empire grows and gives your civ more personality than it could have in previous games. Diplomacy, combat and the tech trees have all seen improvements as well as a significant upgrade in graphics quality. The two large expansions for this game, Gods & Kings and Brave New World also add a huge amounts of complexity and depth to the game that was lacking in the former titles.
game-hours: 243.3
review: Awesome game! I play it way to much!
game-hours: 17.6
review: A somewhat flawed diamond in many respects, currently lacking some of the multiplayer features one would expect from the latest in the series. The expansions help soften the blow, adding much depth to the game. Plus, in regard to multiplayer, the service provided by Giant Multiplayer Robot allows the asynchronous play sorely lacking at this time.
game-hours: 49.3
review: This game is amazing. Great strategy and fun gameplay will leave you thinking "Okay, just one more turn." ...and that's my biggest complaint: If you play this game, you will probably get sucked in and spend hours upon hours playing it. If you're going to buy it, make sure you have the next day or two off work.
game-hours: 156.4
review: Sick game, has me hooked for hours every time. Alot of depth to how it work.
game-hours: 7.6
review: g8
game-hours: 86.2
review: I Love it, my friend love it. And now I persuaded my girlfriend, she loves it too now! We had a lot of fun with it, good graphics and the talking portraits of the different civilizations, they are cozy and looks like a true copy of the real thing :P But i'm from Denmark, so Mister Bluetooth voice is really weird and un-viking-like.
game-hours: 2203.6
review: I've barely played this game so what do I know but.....it pretty much fits the bill for whatever style and whatever level you like to play. If you're meticulous about creating the perfect city(s) in the perfect spot(s) then this works extremely well. If you like to mad-rush and conquer, this is your game. If you want to manipulate the world around you without ever firing a shot, that can be done, too. Builder, pacifist, warmongerer, merchant, diplomat, or any combination thereof, they are all available here. As I read in a previous review, Civ V, when it first came out, disappointed me. The Civ IV iterations were definitely more immersive and, honestly, flat-out better. But with the expansions into Gods & Kings and Brave New World, Civ V has surpassed that great game and now is the jewel of the series. They all have their worth but, if you spend any time at all learning the depth of this game, you will be rewarded with many hours of time you'll never get back and you won't regret it. But, like I said, I've hardly played this game at all so, what do I know?
game-hours: 18.4
review: This game is worth it! Buy it now!!
game-hours: 18.8
review: sweet jesus this game is addictive.
game-hours: 35.1
review: All in all it was a fantastic game, i loved every minute.
game-hours: 19.3
review: Warning side effects of playing this game include: 1. Not being able to stop 2. Racism
game-hours: 91.2
review: Sid Meier's Civilzation V is one of the best stratagy games I have ever seen. And I am not the only one who thinks that. Mulitple players and IGN said the same thing. Civ V is a turned based game where you try to conquer your entire map. But if that seems too hard you can either; be the first to space, have 5 diplomacies, research everything or have the most points when 2050 comes around. You play one of many famous conquers in history and try to build a civilization that will stand the test of time. If you don't want to do this alone, you dont have to! You can make helpful city-state (random civilization) become your ally and they will reward you by sending you gifts of gold, resources or even army units. If that is not what you thought I meant by "not alone" don't worry, you can play with other people and take down or befriend their civilzation. -fiddlesticks 9/10 review
game-hours: 169.1
review: Do I recommend this game. Hell yes. This is one of the greatest games I have played and playing it with friends is even more fun. You can choose from many civilizations from the Aztecs to Russia and almost anyone else you can think of. So in total. Yes I would reccoment this game to anyone and everyone.
game-hours: 899.4
review: Civilization has ruined, and continues to ruin, my life. Would recommend.
game-hours: 215.7
review: Alright, this game has received more hatred than any other version of Civ. Ever. And, given the Civ III "purist" campaign for the last installment, that's saying something. As usual, though, most of the reviews given are comparing the game to civ IV. With all of its expansions. And Rhy's modding. So, just to add my two cents: The game is a whole different animal from IV, with new unit rules, (no stacking), embarking immediately available for all land units, and HEXES. (WHAAT???). That's right, the game uses hexes rather than the traditional squares for the grid. These all take a while to get used to for players of the earlier versions, but are all in all, very fun. The workshop content here is incredible, I highly recommend jumping into that immediately, (for experienced players) and trying out the new customization tools. With BNW and Gods and Kings added, the game really shines. PROS: -New look, same civ feel at heart -Love the civs available. (venice particularly.) -Cities given defense of their own, even without troops stationed in them. -Music is so-so, but doesn't detract from the game in any way. -Multiplayer, as usual. -Workshop content is awesome. CONS: -Most glaringly, the AI is incredibly easy. I reached Modern Era as Venice against five prince AIs a full 20 turns before any of them. This is my one real con for the game, but I bought for the multiplayer anyway, so... Not that bad. -Wish that the maps generated more evenly, with regard to resources. I took over half of a large map early in the game, only to find that alll the coal was on the other side. :\ Honestly, this is an incredible game with a bad AI. If an enemy with an army twice the size of yours allows you to take a city from him with nearly no fight, something's wrong. If said enemy then begs on his hands and knees for peace immediately afterwards, something's very wrong. If his peace treaty offers literally everything he owns, save his capital city... I have no words for it. I give this game a 8 out of 10, however, despite this issue. I play for the multiplayer, so the AI doesn't effect me that much. It is still an issue, though, so the die-hard fans may want to reconsider this purchase if you're expecting a high-risk single player duel. If you want a fun experience for multiplayer, though, or are learning the game, I can't recommend it enough. As more has come out for V online, it has grown greatly, as did IV. And III. And II. Best of luck, all!
game-hours: 11.7
review: Quickly build your empire up, make allies, declear war, reign supreme!
game-hours: 176.3
review: Amazing game.
game-hours: 466.9
review: POLDERSPOLDERSPOLDERSPOLDERSPOLDERSPOLDERSPOLDERSPOLDERSPOLDERSPOLDERSPOLDERSPOLDERSPOLDERSPOLDERSPOLDERSPOLDERSPOLDERSPOLDERSPOLDERSPOLDERS 0/10  GHANDI
game-hours: 188.2
review: nice
game-hours: 116.3
review: Don't play with Danny unless you're willing to go nuclear.
game-hours: 143.4
review: great game 'cause you know ... WAR ... it's fantastic kkk
game-hours: 436.5
review: Civ 5 is a great game! Can't stop playing and recommend it to anyone.
game-hours: 144.0
review: fbhfdjnhdfsjunhan
game-hours: 401.5
review: Love this game though the multiplayer can be a lil buggy at times
game-hours: 233.2
review: great game, incorporates tremendous depth and diversity, the multiplayer is the best part and as long as you have enough time (10 hrs) you'll definetely want to try it out. this is a great immersive game and fans of the previous games or strategy fans in general should definetely check it out.
game-hours: 74.4
review: is rly gud
game-hours: 0.5
review: awesome
game-hours: 95.4
review: It's a bit like chess. It's very easy to learn what everything does and how you can use each building and unit, but doing anything actually meaningful with all those things over the course of an entire match will take you a lot of practice and learning. A single match can easily last around 10 hours, and alliances you've made (or broken) in the beginning of a game can have surprising effects on the end-game, although the AI sometimes makes this work a bit weird.
game-hours: 844.7
review: Just one more turn...
game-hours: 1071.6
review: I love this game. If you are into history and always ask yourself the question *What if?* This game gives you the perfect answer. You remake history with whatever civilization you choose. I have spend hundreds upon hundreds of hours into this game and do not regret any of it. Some people may not have a lot of fun with the game because of the setup given, for example: Polynesians who have advantages at exploring the sea spawning in the middle of a huge countinent. They have to form their empire to make sure they are successful in the end and come out on top. Making a religion and being rich might be your key to success in some games, while it may hinder it in others.
game-hours: 104.3
review: i would highly recommend this game :) !
game-hours: 147.3
review: its a relay relay cool game i play it a lot only u do need a strong computer but still i recommend u
game-hours: 4.1
review: A complex update to the Civ series. A.I. is still cold and unforgiving at times. I found the game to be more combat centric in the early game than the previous versions of Civ.
game-hours: 41.7
review: Fantastic game. Easy to learn and pick up on. One of the best games on Steam.
game-hours: 177.3
review: I can't stop playing this game
game-hours: 42.3
review: Siv V.. a very good game indeed but needing some improvents including some new characters like stalin and hitler.. because when i get home after a hard day of work I like to recreate the genocides that happened in the 1930-40's.. it brings a tear to my heart of happiness when I see it being done. This game is great for almost everyone that likes to think (1% of the U.S population). 1 Final problem with the game is that when you are allys with a city-state or ruler, not once can you ask friendly troops if they want to have sex with other troops, very prejudice against homosexuals I see. Anyway, would recommend to most folks. 69/69
game-hours: 39.9
review: Dis game good #GGnoobsblazeit69yoloswag
game-hours: 487.5
review: I've played this series from Civ2 onwards and I continue to be amazed with the depth of gameplay. Be warned that this is is one of those, "... just one more turn." games and will keep you up late at night.
game-hours: 95.1
review: 10/10 would buy again
game-hours: 388.0
review: this game could be one of the the reasons crime rates have gone down while obesity rates go up.
game-hours: 137.8
review: jhgfdhjkgcf
game-hours: 61.7
review: This is addictive fun, get it. Especially during exams.
game-hours: 68.9
review: It is ever so addictive.
game-hours: 47.4
review: Great
game-hours: 224.5
review: As a mind games lover i highly reccomend this game even if you one of the people who dont love looking up for many tutorials and guides to play a game. this game briliant once you play it you cant get enought as some one who made more then 10 saves atleast and still every new game is more crazy then the other just the felling from making your first city with one population all the way to a huge empire with an advanced army. i highly reccomend this game to everyone no metter what types of game you love action,adventure or any other type this game is fun for everyone.
game-hours: 401.2
review: sweet
game-hours: 33.6
review: This game never ends and is very addicting first game set it to random lasted 15hrs totaly worth the buy but i'd say till it goes on sale so you can buy all the dlc and the game cheaply
game-hours: 440.3
review: good game would play 10/10
game-hours: 127.0
review: When I first played Civ V vanilla, I counldn't get into but once I decided to invest into the two expansions (G+K & BNW) im really enjoying it and having an awesome time with it. I would definetly recommened getting this along with its expansion to make the experience of playing this more enjoyable and exciting. This will go down as one of my fav civ and strategy games of all time.
game-hours: 251.3
review: Don't play with friends, they'll stab you in the back as soon as you start winning.
game-hours: 227.0
review: Anyone who is any kind of strategy player this is a must have. WIth the seemingly limitless mods and ways to play you can't go wrong. Very easy to sink hundereds of hours into this game without even realizing it. This game is a must have for everyone.
game-hours: 108.0
review: Hours and hours of fun, totally addictive, love it.
game-hours: 257.7
review: With Brave New World this game is very good!
game-hours: 244.5
review: I found Civ5 much like I did the others in the series: once I got the expansion packs, the experience became so much better. This game is nothing short of addictive.
game-hours: 233.8
review: Best game ever. Until you cry when the AIs or your mates started to war on you, for resources or land.
game-hours: 1706.6
review: Warning, this game can seriously damage your avalible free time.
game-hours: 75.7
review: I love getting nuked by Ghandi.
game-hours: 88.2
review: This is an absolutely magnaflorious game, nuff said, BUY IT
game-hours: 602.1
review: YOLO
game-hours: 129.7
review: Great game, very replayable. Definitely worth it, and it's on sale, so if you're thinking of buying it, don't think twice and get it!
game-hours: 263.1
review: Fun game. Spent many hours playing.
game-hours: 69.2
review: Its an amazing game with a large modding community. If you haven't got this game, you should get it when onsale.
game-hours: 618.0
review: Fantastic, strategic gameplay. An immersive learning curve gets you into the game early, and you can't help but play until you're the last nation standing.
game-hours: 19.1
review: Great game, fun to paly with a group of friends.
game-hours: 295.9
review: I love playing this game, i would highly recomend it to anyone who has alot of time, its very addaicting!
game-hours: 63.4
review: Game is a lot better now bugs are sorted and dlc released
game-hours: 98.6
review: This game is verry fun and addicting. A surprising feature I found on it was the ability of hotseat play, which allows more than one person to play this game on the same computer!
game-hours: 67.0
review: I have never before found myself saying "just one more turn" so often :D
game-hours: 30.9
review: NUKES FOR EVERYONE
game-hours: 78.9
review: Easy to learn difficult to master as some people say. I love this game more and more with every passing hour of play. DLC adds tons of new units which is ok, but also adds spies, religions and lot more complex elements i wish i could turn off. Also, AI is , convince friends as soon as possible
game-hours: 534.7
review: This is the kind of game your friend says "Yea.. It's pretty good I guess," This is the kind of game you have low expectations on. Then it becomes the kind of game you have 200 hours on within 1.5 weeks. It becomes the kind of game where your family life is ruined, because it's so good. This is the game where your hatred for Ghandi is more powerful then the love you once shared with your children. This is the game where your desire to conquer and destroy Germany, drives your wife into the arms of your over weight brother John. Then, after the Babylonian-War-Machine has launched enough Nuclear Missiles to turn the Earth into a barren wasteland devoid of all life, what do you do? You start a new game and despite being evicted from your own home due to the inability to pay your bills, you find yourself bashing in the skull of the repo-man attempting to take your precious Civ-Machine. Although you know that the police will most likely find you, you take your Civ-Machine and go south to Mexico where you play all night and day in an alley way using several modified car batteries to power The Mighty Civ-Machine. This is the type of game where you think that, no matter what happened, it was worth it. You finally look around you as your dying of what you thought was a simple cold and you see what youve become. What youve become is something unworthy of being called human You are now a God. 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 51.2
review: Almost as good as Mint's beautiful looks
game-hours: 292.0
review: The cheapest way to quickly travel forward in time.
game-hours: 286.6
review: This is the single greatest turn-based strategy I have ever played. The battles are fun and paced well, the economic system is well crafted, the diplomatic sysem is interested and keeps you on your toes as you try and figure out what each opposing ruler is planning, and the city building is quite unique. If you like strategy games or justwant a low-stress, relaxing, and fun game to play, then buy SidMeier's Civ V. You won't regret it.
game-hours: 305.7
review: best game ever
game-hours: 186.3
review: I love this one over all the rest, you cannot just stack your troops into an unstoppable one tile wide army, you have to use strategy. That being the main difference in the game, the rest is all Civilization, boot it up and kiss the next 24 hours goodbye as you time travel.
game-hours: 372.2
review: great game
game-hours: 179.5
review: This game is ridiculously addicting. Would definitely recommend as it is a great strategy game.
game-hours: 1325.0
review: I love this game you should get all the dlc
game-hours: 124.2
review: This game is awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 246.6
review: Best.Game.Ever.
game-hours: 925.0
review: so addictive. sooooo addictive.
game-hours: 324.5
review: Spectacularly good game. Definately one to pick up with friends and play when you get bored of repetetive FPS'. I would recomend also getting the Brave New World DLC aswell.
game-hours: 42.8
review: yay!
game-hours: 29.1
review: Though I've never really enjoyed strategy games, Sid Meier's Civilization V has definately been an enjoyable game to play. Though things aren't always historically correct *cough cough* (America in the ancient era), it's still fun trying to outlast the AI or the barbarians. Overall, this is one of the best games I've played so far. If you have the money, get it.
game-hours: 183.1
review: There are a lot of hexagons in this game. 69/10
game-hours: 56.9
review: really this is a yes and no recomendation i like the new map setup and no unit stacking but its too simplified and sure dlcs fix that but that is $60 usd for both
game-hours: 12.7
review: Takes about 48 hours to understand about an eigth of it, but wow, rewarding as ever. Extremely good game.
game-hours: 40.9
review: The first time I tried Civ 5, I wasn't much of a fan of the Strategy Genre of games. That was until I play Civ 5. It just simply has profoundly amazing gameplay, stunning graphics, and the replayability is great for trying out different styles of playing the game. It has exceeded my expectations, and I highly reccomend it.
game-hours: 170.9
review: Very good game, a shame there are almost no nordic/germanic civs in standard. got gold now!
game-hours: 308.9
review: A great game. I played it for a lot of hours. The DLC of BNW brought a lot of new options to play the game. Sometimes the difficulty of the AIs doesn't really resemble the difficulty you choose. And of course the multiplayer is awesome :D
game-hours: 1461.0
review: A game that lasts long
game-hours: 20.7
review: It's pretty fantastic
game-hours: 415.3
review: a very good game with the dlc's
game-hours: 46.2
review: Awesome game. Never gets old.
game-hours: 71.5
review: Very amazing game, though falls a bit short against Civ 4
game-hours: 24.0
review: "I'll just play a quick game" - Said no one ever
game-hours: 2.3
review: I say, playing as Oda Nobunaga and getting George Cromwell born in the land of the rising sun really made me smile. And Gandhi nuked Osaka twice.
game-hours: 99.9
review: I bought this game about a year and a half ago. I had read many reviews saying that this was a terrible game and that buying this would be a mistake. I originally heeded these and bought Civ 4 instead. One day I was at Target and saw it on the shelf and decided to try it out and see how it was. I am so glad I decided to buy it. I have 90+ hours and it is still fun. The one unit per tile is nice because it eliminates the person who would group 50 units on one tile and totally demolish you. The original damage system was good, and with the 2 expansion packs it is even better. I remember that in Civ 4 I frequently saw archers take down helicopters and it angered me. It now has a damage system of 1-100 so with each archer giving 1 damage it would now take 100 archers to take down one helicopter. The original game is very good, and the 2 currently available expansion packs make it even better. Gods and Kings adds religion, more Countries, more units, etc. Brave New World improves religion adds tade routes, adds civs, units, etc. The game is worth $30, but commonly goes on sale for $7.50 so you should just wait for a sale. I would give this a 9/10.
game-hours: 267.3
review: This is worse than crack , 11/10 , would buy again !
game-hours: 66.6
review: If you buy a game purely from how much hours you get from it, this game should be worth 100+. It's  how much time I spent the first week I got this game. I spent the whole first week playing this game. Wake up, play, eat, sleep. Wake up, play, eat, sleep. For a week. FOR ONE GAME OF CIV. Just buy it if you want to lose the rest of your days. It is now belong to Sid Meier.
game-hours: 30.2
review: this game is amazing!
game-hours: 114.4
review: A must have for anyone who likes turn based strategy games. The game itself is fun and simple. It's a bit overwhelming at first, but when you get down to it and play a couple of turns, do a bit of reading on the units and structures, it'll all make sense. It is, however, a lengthy game. It could take hours or days to finish a single game. This is practically this game's only major flaw.
game-hours: 187.8
review: Addicting. ... like its predecessors... a game to spend the whole day saying , just one more turn ...how i missed my Civ Marathons ^^ !
game-hours: 65.1
review: Great strategic game, makes you want to play more and more.
game-hours: 277.4
review: 123456789
game-hours: 242.1
review: Awesome game. Endless replayability. Can't wait for the next one!
game-hours: 4.1
review: only a person named stevoqueer would enjoy such a game of this magnitude
game-hours: 160.2
review: You can buy a hard copy for like half the ing price
game-hours: 668.3
review: Life? What life? 400+ Hours
game-hours: 121.5
review: This game is a must play, its one of the only games i have a lot of hours on!
game-hours: 29.9
review: This game is a serious load of fun; however, a single match can take ages. In the words of a good friend of mine, "It would probably take less time to build an actual civilization than to finish one game here."
game-hours: 1067.0
review: Endless replay potential hence the ~1000 hours logged... :/
game-hours: 85.2
review: Make sure you do not buy the original game on it's own. Buy the game bundle with all the dlc. Far more worth it and you save a lot of money in doing so. buy the original game and the dlc separately is a major rip off.
game-hours: 690.7
review: There are not words for how much time I have spent on this game. It is amazingly addictive. Suggestion: find someone to marry who also plays Civ. It's the only way.
game-hours: 295.7
review: I lost friends over this game 11/10 Best $30 I've ever spent
game-hours: 24.2
review: So. Addicting. Raising a nation and choosing how you will take over the world is such a detailed process that you can take hundreds of different routes to achieve it in this game. The amount of choices and control you have over every aspect of the game is incredible. Would highly recommend to anyone who enjoys turn-based strategy. 8.5/10
game-hours: 695.6
review: Can't really go wrong with old Sid's games can you?
game-hours: 213.5
review: Very good game, but games usually take several days to win.
game-hours: 39.9
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V is a slightly complex turn based strategy game that can be enjoyed by all gamers. A fun and interactive map allows players to manipulate their surroundings in order to achieve their goal. Teaming up with friends in order to dominate enemy civilizations is a remarkably enjoyable experience.
game-hours: 63.8
review: Just one more turn... Completely losing track of time is a pretty strong indication of whether a game is good in my book, and Civilization 5 may be the best by that metric. As a newbie to the Civ series, managing a society through the ages had sounded a bit daunting, but thankfully the game is very intuitive for series beginners. The visuals, narration, and music are all pitch-perfect, evoking a grand ambience fit for a game about world conquest. Individual games can take hours, but it never feels tedious or repetitive. Computer opponents seem to have plenty of personality, and multiplayer with friends is a blast. I realize turn-based strategy games may not be for everyone, but it would be difficult for me to find someone I wouldn't recommend this game to.
game-hours: 45.1
review: Just one more turn!
game-hours: 159.1
review: Let me get one thing out of the way here at the start of the review, if you dont have time to put hours into a game then Civilization V may not be for you. Heck if you enjoy having a life outside of a game then this might not be for you. I say this because once you sink your teeth into Civilization V its easy to loose track of time and become completely engrossed in your quest to build your civilization. So let me first give you my background in playing Civilization games which is a short one I played the last two games (Civ IV and Civ Revolution) and enjoyed both of them quite a bit. When I started looking at some of the early previews of Civilization V I have to admit I wasnt sure I was ready to put the time and strategy into the world of Civilization. However from the opening load screen and the first few minutes of my first game I was instantly brought back to remembering why this is such an impressive franchise. For newcomers to Civilization, Civilization V may be one of the best games to get into. The game has an incredible tutorial and also will help you in your first games with helpful hints throughout. Either way if you have not played a Civilization game before this game seems well suited to hold your hand and then let you on your way. One thing that I found especially useful for me was the advisors in the game who basically give you tips on areas you should focus on in your civilization. You dont have to take their advice but often times they will all agree on one topic and that usually should be a solid indication that you want to address that area. One barrier of entry that Firaxis broke down in Civilization V was the menus throughout the game. Where in previous games you were often left wondering what to do next, this is by far the user-friendliest experience I have experienced in any Civilization game. Even as some one who has played Civilization games in the past I was very impressed with how approachable things were in this game, everything just felt far more intuitive then in past games. What stood out to me most about Civilization V was not only how accessible it was but how great of a strategy experience it manages to be. There is no denying that you can spend a whole day on just one game of Civilization. In fact unless you really have the stamina to play all day most games will span over the course of a couple of 5+ hour sittings. Civilization V (like Civ games before it) has this way of engrossing you into the story even if there isnt an already established plot. You create your own plot, your own direction, and your own goals. Sure the game does give you hints on how to get the desired outcome but the strategy is so dead on that you have the ability to go your own way to your desired outcome. A lot of the talk around Civilization V before the games release was on the new hexagon setup which to be honest is a change for the game but nothing that really changes the way you play the game. This is a turn based strategy game through and through and to be honest it is one of the best strategy games I personally have ever played. Graphics Without a doubt Civilization V has a much stronger visual presence then what we had in past Civilization games. The graphics have never been a big part of the Civilization experience however that all changed in this game. Visually this is a stunning game, it has a great mechanic to switch from strategy views to just a global view. If you prefer to look at the game as more of a grid you can do that, if you want to look at the game as a living world you can do that as well. This is by far the best looking Civilization game out there and it once again lessens the blow of how expansive of a strategy game it really is. Fun Factor For newcomers to the series there is of course going to be a learning curve no matter how good the tutorial is. However for seasoned veterans to the series you will be able to jump right in and take advantage of one of the most enjoyable games of strategy I have ever played. What is even more exciting about Civilization V is that you not only can play offline but can play online with friends. There is also going to be an ever-growing population of mods to the game that will continue to increase replay-ability. Lets face it though I have not played two games of Civilization that ever felt even remotely similar each game feels like a brand new experience. Overall Civilization V is one of the best strategy games I have ever played. There are some issues but those are so minor in comparison to all the great things Firaxis has done to not only make this accessible to new players but even returning players as well. I can say with great confidence that you will not get a better game of strategy right now then what Civilization V has to offer, it is just that good.
game-hours: 34.7
review: Damn, frikin shtty City-states are all like: oh! you better give us money or well end this friendship! Dude, wtf you started the friendship jeeze but good game, just kill City-states as soon as you see them
game-hours: 266.7
review: What can I say about the best turn based strategy series? Multi-touch support rocks, hex tiles are great. It's as great as previous versions, offering huge Civiliopedia to teach you actual history, stealing your precious life with never ending "one more turns". Your average strategy game ends in 1 hour, while Civilization might not end in months. Not everyone can play this game, can you build an empire to stand the test of time?
game-hours: 16.5
review: This is a really fun game, I have had no problems with it :)
game-hours: 11.1
review: Was Julius Ceaser, made archers, Ghandi declared war on me and I was killed by Queen Elizabeth. 10/10.
game-hours: 381.9
review: hi
game-hours: 461.1
review: Great fun.
game-hours: 253.3
review: Love it goes threw history great sound affects, music, and art
game-hours: 42.7
review: A great game that combines strategy, warmongering and building! The AI needs a HUGE improvement though... I got Washington down to his last city and he demanded that I give him all my money and luxury resources for peace!?
game-hours: 130.5
review: Fun and addicting
game-hours: 137.4
review: Probably the greatest turn based strategy game I've played to date. With all the different victory conditions, map layouts, and leaders, its like playing a different game each time. The games do take a long time though, especially playing with others, be prepared to sit down for 6 hours and play. Or you can do pitboss games and the game also alows you to safe it and pick it up later.
game-hours: 27.7
review: Another great game. Though I stopped bying the Addons. samey samey..
game-hours: 152.2
review: addiction
game-hours: 363.6
review: Needless to say if you want a turn based strategy game believe me when I tell you, THIS IS IT! However it's hard for me to recommend this to someone who is planning to buying just the vanilla (no DLC included) edition. Of the 255 hours on this game I've spent at least 50 of those on the vanilla and back then I felt as though the game had less game play than the previous game in the franchise, CIV 4. So if you're getting this game I highly recommend you get the gold edition, you get the core game, the Gods and Kings DLC and a bunch of scenario packs (never used) and civilizations which I have found to be very viable in game, such as Korea. My other biggest complaint is that the AI do sometimes cheat. Now based on your definition of what "Difficult" AI means, you might be fine with this. My personal definition of a difficult AI is one who is given the same basic resources as an AI on an easier difficulty, but is much better at deciding on what to do and how to use those resources. Civ 5 believes that a more difficult AI has more resources than the easier AI and the player. Despite this I still believe Civ 5 is the based turn based strategy due to the sheer amount of strategies you can use to explore, expand, and conquer.
game-hours: 1380.8
review: Awesome game to lose track of time and play for hours on end
game-hours: 194.7
review: good game, lots of replay value, and lots of mods in the workshop.
game-hours: 841.1
review: great game!
game-hours: 166.2
review: I would greatly reccomend this game for anyone who likes strategy games. This has already given me hours of fun, with many more to come, I'm certain. The multiplayer featre is epic, allowing you to save and resume a game at any time later, which is very useful for me. The AI is very good, it is reasonable as far as I can see. I have not played the other Civilization games, so I am not comparing this game to others like it, but I would definitely reccomend this game for you to purchase. It is well worth your money.
game-hours: 139.5
review: best game EVERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
game-hours: 270.6
review: Civ 5 is a great game if you have tons of time to pour in or very little, one of the few games I love recomending.
game-hours: 125.2
review: my wife hates this game, five stars.
game-hours: 466.9
review: This is a great game you can spend hours playing either casually or competitively. This is the best turn based strategy game I have ever played and would recommend it to everyone even if the genre is not one you would normally play.
game-hours: 18.2
review: If you are prone to addictions, do not buy this game. 10/10 would get addicted again.
game-hours: 64.2
review: its fun
game-hours: 34.0
review: When I lost contact with my friends the AI in this game did suffice. Overall a really fun game, can be a bit enraging if you're not prepared for a situation. 10/10
game-hours: 44.8
review: This game has taken a lot of my time; probably not even close to as much as other people who play this. It is a very accessable game but also can be complexed. I recommend getting the expansions as the final expansion adds more importance to faith and culture. This game can be addictive though. I played 3 playthroughs; by the end of the 3rd night, I had 20+ hours into it.
game-hours: 188.2
review: This game is the shizznits.
game-hours: 225.0
review: This game is fantastic...there is so much depth and content.
game-hours: 205.0
review: It's a great time killer and is even better to play with friends. I recommend checking out the workshop for mods with this game as they can add countries or leaders that aren't recognized in the game or in the dlc's.
game-hours: 384.8
review: Great game, I can and do get lost in it for hours.
game-hours: 484.4
review: I lika war wid udda cuntry.
game-hours: 450.0
review: This game is possibly the best game ever. It has very deep strategy and the opportunity to play very differently.
game-hours: 135.8
review: Why haven't you bought this incredible game yet?!
game-hours: 28.2
review: OMG STOP I AM BANKRUPT I WON'T BE ABLE TO BUY ANY MORE EXPANSION PACKS.
game-hours: 75.0
review: Only play if you have 6 hours at a time to lose.
game-hours: 138.5
review: v good
game-hours: 53.9
review: Very fun strategy game. It is both appealing to the casual and strategic gamer It also ruined all of my friendships because my friends are stupid back-stabbing jerks 9/10
game-hours: 5.8
review: cannot stop
game-hours: 99.1
review: best civilization game yet
game-hours: 97.1
review: It is a very detailed game and even if you think you are a pro player you will still learn tons of new things that will improve your skils. Btw never play it before going to sleep or you will end playing it by the time when you should wake up (when your lucky)!!
game-hours: 100.4
review: An easy way to spend hours alone or with friends! This is an overall awesome multiplayer strategy game.
game-hours: 2403.0
review: harald bluetooth walks off the set when caught spying splash
game-hours: 542.4
review: Average time spent per login: 500 minutes straight Buy this .
game-hours: 142.3
review: Awesome game if you don't have midterms to study for (time consuming and drags you in).
game-hours: 1033.2
review: Love this game and the xpacs. I'm pushing 1000 played hours and still find ways to have fun with this game!
game-hours: 160.5
review: I hope you have a lot of hours of sleep to spare. Civilization V is a very complex turn-based strategy game. For newcomers, it's easy to understand and grasp the basics, but under the surface there is a lot of room for planning, decisions to make and strategies to use. After you've learned the basics you'll learn the other aspects of the game mostly by trial and error. You'll find out that making a lot of cities needs to be balanced with happiness, and that it isn't a very good idea to settle on nothing but tundra. This game isn't so much about being able to do a lot of actions in as little time as possible, or very quick reflexes. Planning and strategic measures are much more effective than producing buildings on impulse. Diplomacy is a big factor, when you start a match you don't necessarily think of ways to destroy your enemy. There are multiple ways to victory, sometimes it's better to befriend your opponent to make deals that make your civilization stronger, or assist eachother in times of need. Not to say warfare isn't an option. Taking down a city (or a civilization) requires a lot of strategy and planning, you'll have to keep in mind cities can be tough to take down if they have a lot of defensive structures or defensive units within borders, and you can't simply walk over most cities with just a few cheap units. It's easier to be defensive than to be the attacker. These and many more mechanics make Civ 5 as interesting and entertaining as it is. You'll find yourself keep wanting to press next turn, seeing what effect your moves made, if your scout will get away or get trampled by those units on the other side of the forest, et cetera. The diplomacy gives a lot of options for mindgames, betrayal and friendship. Surprising your ally who is about to take a cultural victory by launching an invasion assisted by a nuclear missile can be completely game-changing if executed well. I highly recommend this game to anyone remotely interested in this game, it's timeless.
game-hours: 680.9
review: Excellent Turn Based Strategy game, can't recommend it enough.
game-hours: 225.4
review: Best game EVAH!
game-hours: 396.3
review: Great game! 12 + ppl makes it redick
game-hours: 108.8
review: Good game, but seems a little lacking in the replayability.
game-hours: 62.2
review: Awesome game, very addicting. Lots of ways to win and love the real historic figures in the game.
game-hours: 164.5
review: Today I went to Starbucks with my genderqueer non-binary friend. I had a bagel, green tea with honey and a late to go and xi had a salad and a water because xi is watching xir weight. We were sitting eating and talking quiet happily when suddenly we heard a little child speaking to his/her brother/sister (my apologies for not knowing these kids real gender identities; their father called them boys but you can never be too sure, considering the white cissexist  that was about to come out of this fathers mouth, I wouldnt be surprised if they were girls). Kid B (the younger one) says to kid A, youre a lesbian! and quick as a flash the father lies, Boy cannot be lesbian, drink your lemonade! WTF JFC! I WAS APPALLED! This is horrible! I almost jumped over the table and across the chairs and punch that  in the face! I mean SO MANY THINGS WRONG with what he said to the poor child. Boys CAN be lesbians if they identify as lesbians. I have a number of cis male lesbian friends. He was blatantly erasing their entire lived experiences with such an ignorant lie! I couldnt believe what we were hearing (xi was in the brink of tears). The kid was 4 years old. How does that father KNOW that his child wont grow up to identify as a lesbian! s like this is why I firmly believe cis s are scum! This is why I believe in Tumblr Feminism!!  THE CIS HETERO PATRIARCHY AND  CULTURE!! I should not that during all this time, the mother was sited next to this man. She kept quiet all the time, no doubt she was abuse by the bruise marks on her face. I know most people in Tumblr DONT believe in the patriarchy,  culture, or equal rights to non-cisgender people. However if you do as I do, and you seek justice as I seek it, then I ask to please reblog! In this game, you can make your Civilization identify as whatever xi wants to.
game-hours: 617.3
review: olmu ...
game-hours: 343.7
review: Great game, best empire building sim I've played in a long time, and the DLC adds an amazing amount depth to the game making all those boring turns where you had to wait more interesting by giving you spies to control, a religion to build, famous works of art to create and collect and dozens of new buildings, multiple changes to cultural unlocks and culture trees a complete re-work of the culture system, and several new units that fill gaps that never should have existed. (No more 300 years of archers followed by 500 years of crossbowman fights.)
game-hours: 260.8
review: In my opinion, this is one of the best strategy games around. The base game is pretty bland, however the two expansion packs are what make Civilization V as good as it is. The expansions add new civilizations and great game mechanics like trade routes via boats and caravans, tourism, religion. These can all Impact the game in such a fantastic way and add a little more complexity to the gameplay. I believe that Civ V i best played with friends. We love to pick random Civilization's and set the AI to random personalities. This makes the game pretty muchh different every time we play it. Gandhi may not be a  this time around, Washington might not just continue to expand all over your borders. It is good fun, especially when co-operating with one another about trading, swapping resources and even war. If you have the slightest interest in Strategy games, this is for you. I do recommend both expansion packs, though.
game-hours: 72.6
review: Don't play before going to bed. You'll end up....not going to bed for a good while
game-hours: 1882.1
review: The great life destroyer that keeps improving with every xpac. The game is a true successor to a legacy that started over 20 years ago. Dont be fooled by the date this came out, its still a game with next to no equals in terms of the turn based strategy genre. The learning curve might look steep at first glance but I assure you that mastering the basics game will come faster than you think. For the over 1500 hours of gaming I have recorded in the game I am still someone who barely did any scenarios. To keep the game fun, dont forget to crank up the difficulty as the challenge that is brought by the highest difficulty levels will bring out the true test of your abilities.
game-hours: 347.2
review: A great turnbased strategy game, really fun when you get the hang off it.
game-hours: 163.5
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V is one of the best games I have ever played, but I would recommend getting the Brave New World expansion as it enhances the gameplay greatly. I have literally spent hours playing with my friends, losing every time, but the experience of the game in itself is what makes this game truly remarkable. A Masterpiece.
game-hours: 130.5
review: quite possibly the best turn based strategy game on the market
game-hours: 43.0
review: A turn based strategy game, Civilization V continues the classic Civilization series.
game-hours: 149.0
review: amazing. just amazing
game-hours: 37.1
review: Became friends with Gandhi, we made many trades and research agreements. Then he just ran over me with elephants and nuked my capital 10/11
game-hours: 107.2
review: Awesome game! Very addicting! One of my favorite games!
game-hours: 145.3
review: amazing!
game-hours: 103.2
review: I love all the civilization games. I just....I don't get why turns have to take FOREVER the later into the game you go. WHYYYYY
game-hours: 232.8
review: this game is the
game-hours: 40.8
review: This game overall is very addicting and a fun game and i 100% recommend it. The only thing I find dumb about it is the fact that if your civilization's borders are too close to another civilization they will eventually attack you no matter what. Other than that the game is pretty amazing.
game-hours: 520.7
review: The God King of 4x games. This takes everything great from Civ 2, 3, and 4 and puts them together fix nearly every complaint I've had about the series. It has the elegance of 2, with improved graphics, streamlined strategies, more intelligent AI and maps, and a multiplayer that's engrossed me for hundreds of hours so far. If strategy is your thing, this game is required.
game-hours: 951.5
review: I have 800+ hours played on this version of Civilization, and I have 50% of the achievements for it. I love this game.
game-hours: 145.1
review: good game
game-hours: 117.3
review: Great strategy game, especialy if you have a friend to play co-op with.
game-hours: 303.7
review: Ever wanted to change the corse of history? Now's your chance!
game-hours: 137.6
review: One of the best turn-based strategy games I've ever had the pleasure of playing. Whether teaming up with my friends for some multiplayer, or simply losing a whole night of sleep to the game's endlessly replayable single player, this is one game that any strategy enthusiast, or, hell anyone strat-curious should check out.
game-hours: 56.2
review: From a historian's perspective, Civ V might not seem like the most realistic strategy game. But what those bookworms don't realise is that Sid Meier uses only the most trustworthy sources in manipulating the personalities and responses of each and every organization. Do you have a measily bit of coin in your treasury? You bet everyone's gonna want some of that. Build too close to Ghandi? You'll be sure too find a bag of dog poo on your doorstep the next morning. Except the door step is your capital city. And the bag of poo is the full onslaught of advanced weaponry because for some reason the game started you off in the tundra which crippled you technologically for the better half of the first 1000 years. The community is a collection of caring and knowledgable individuals, players and NPC alike, who will constantly remind you how bad you are at this game by rendering you useless as they blockade your miserable island city while making it obvious just how many bombers can fit on a carrier. Games will turn into fiestas where you can play the role as pinata and the other civilizations take turn whacking at you with their phallus shaped instruments, because if there's one metaphor that matches this game, it's getting beaten in the noggin with a giant weiner. If you want to know the literal meaning of Montezuma's revenge, or as I call it, "I was just trying to build a second city," then you should certainly buy this game. Overall 4/5 stars.
game-hours: 234.7
review: Don't play if you like your time...
game-hours: 74.7
review: Great game with many different strategies and ways to play.
game-hours: 80.4
review: Once you buy Civ V you'll realise how, "One more turn" can translate into 4 more hours of playing and missing every important event in your life. 10/10
game-hours: 102.1
review: Best Game ever
game-hours: 63.4
review: A fun strategy based turn game that not only gives laughes, but also a lot of fun for all experience levels! I love it! BUT REMEMBER, DON'T TRUST SPAIN OR FRANCE!
game-hours: 354.3
review: AMAZING GAME. This is my favorite game all time and it is great, there is so much that you can do its almost endless
game-hours: 158.5
review: Too addicting. Some really great improvements over Civ. 4 (one troop per tile, etc.)
game-hours: 298.6
review: You spend 3 hours doing nothing but clicking next turn with the occasional ordering of a unit. For added fun after 3 hours you get nuked by Ghandi. On multiplayer you and all your friends can hit next turn together for 3 hours before getting nuked by Ghandi. 10/10
game-hours: 377.3
review: Cannot stop playing this game. Its fun to kill time. Good strategy game.
game-hours: 404.0
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V is not only a great single player strategy game but it is also the best option for the multiplayer game with all the maintained proportions of all the available civs. You simply must have this game if you title your self a "strategy geek".
game-hours: 56.9
review: buy
game-hours: 6.8
review: Took me awhile to get out of my hilly base. It was looking pretty bleak getting across that valley, but we got it done somehow. But then GG'd out before we could break out our AK-47's to pull out the W. Never even found out who my enemy was. Eventually I renamed my town's name to Tyrezeshiddick cuz it was getting preeeetty boring unreality TazZzyLoosePoundite. I give this game a solid 6/10. It's hard to get a good review out of me. The only games that I have given above a 7/10 are Arma, Day-Zed, Terraria, Zombies: Survival Stories, UFC: Fight Round 26 and Sid Meier's 2. So survive our night guys.
game-hours: 69.8
review: And we stunting like Aztec Aztec, Brazil Brazil, London London, China Basic scrubs play that  so I don't even bother I put that on my tech, I put that on my army Korean empire representer, address me as your majesty Yeah you can kiss the ring, but you can never touch the crown I create a million badass Turtle ship I ain't never coming down  you ain't no Ghandi I see you tryin' science No culture, with no parts Hurry up I'm just flyin'
game-hours: 1235.1
review: Civ is dope!
game-hours: 134.5
review: Just one more turn...
game-hours: 132.6
review: Me: Oh man, I had better get to sleep. I have so much to do tomorrow! Civ V: Whoa whoa whoa... how about just... 1 more turn? -4 hours later- Me: !@#$...
game-hours: 411.8
review: Most addictive game ever. Set an alarm clock to remind you to go to bed or you will see the sun rise before the game is over,
game-hours: 86.5
review: It is a game.
game-hours: 448.1
review: Just... one... more... turn...
game-hours: 103.9
review: Be me, gamer with friends All buy Civ V during holiday sale because 10foreverything.tif Play it twice in the course of a month, one friend plays it quite a bit and gets fairly decent Host a LAN, friends come over Boot up civ.exe Attempt to recreate all the actions from World War II Something goes awfully wrong when Germany steals nuclear fission from the US MFW In a matter of 6 turns the world is annihilated and the Fuhrer stands tall and dominant 10/10
game-hours: 136.0
review: Nice. Win the world!
game-hours: 75.9
review: One of the best games out there...especially with the Mod of Ice and Fire....outstanding.
game-hours: 24.2
review: So. Addicting. Raising a nation and choosing how you will take over the world is such a detailed process that you can take hundreds of different routes to achieve it in this game. The amount of choices and control you have over every aspect of the game is incredible. Would highly recommend to anyone who enjoys turn-based strategy. 8.5/10
game-hours: 695.6
review: Can't really go wrong with old Sid's games can you?
game-hours: 213.5
review: Very good game, but games usually take several days to win.
game-hours: 39.9
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V is a slightly complex turn based strategy game that can be enjoyed by all gamers. A fun and interactive map allows players to manipulate their surroundings in order to achieve their goal. Teaming up with friends in order to dominate enemy civilizations is a remarkably enjoyable experience.
game-hours: 63.8
review: Just one more turn... Completely losing track of time is a pretty strong indication of whether a game is good in my book, and Civilization 5 may be the best by that metric. As a newbie to the Civ series, managing a society through the ages had sounded a bit daunting, but thankfully the game is very intuitive for series beginners. The visuals, narration, and music are all pitch-perfect, evoking a grand ambience fit for a game about world conquest. Individual games can take hours, but it never feels tedious or repetitive. Computer opponents seem to have plenty of personality, and multiplayer with friends is a blast. I realize turn-based strategy games may not be for everyone, but it would be difficult for me to find someone I wouldn't recommend this game to.
game-hours: 45.1
review: Just one more turn!
game-hours: 159.1
review: Let me get one thing out of the way here at the start of the review, if you dont have time to put hours into a game then Civilization V may not be for you. Heck if you enjoy having a life outside of a game then this might not be for you. I say this because once you sink your teeth into Civilization V its easy to loose track of time and become completely engrossed in your quest to build your civilization. So let me first give you my background in playing Civilization games which is a short one I played the last two games (Civ IV and Civ Revolution) and enjoyed both of them quite a bit. When I started looking at some of the early previews of Civilization V I have to admit I wasnt sure I was ready to put the time and strategy into the world of Civilization. However from the opening load screen and the first few minutes of my first game I was instantly brought back to remembering why this is such an impressive franchise. For newcomers to Civilization, Civilization V may be one of the best games to get into. The game has an incredible tutorial and also will help you in your first games with helpful hints throughout. Either way if you have not played a Civilization game before this game seems well suited to hold your hand and then let you on your way. One thing that I found especially useful for me was the advisors in the game who basically give you tips on areas you should focus on in your civilization. You dont have to take their advice but often times they will all agree on one topic and that usually should be a solid indication that you want to address that area. One barrier of entry that Firaxis broke down in Civilization V was the menus throughout the game. Where in previous games you were often left wondering what to do next, this is by far the user-friendliest experience I have experienced in any Civilization game. Even as some one who has played Civilization games in the past I was very impressed with how approachable things were in this game, everything just felt far more intuitive then in past games. What stood out to me most about Civilization V was not only how accessible it was but how great of a strategy experience it manages to be. There is no denying that you can spend a whole day on just one game of Civilization. In fact unless you really have the stamina to play all day most games will span over the course of a couple of 5+ hour sittings. Civilization V (like Civ games before it) has this way of engrossing you into the story even if there isnt an already established plot. You create your own plot, your own direction, and your own goals. Sure the game does give you hints on how to get the desired outcome but the strategy is so dead on that you have the ability to go your own way to your desired outcome. A lot of the talk around Civilization V before the games release was on the new hexagon setup which to be honest is a change for the game but nothing that really changes the way you play the game. This is a turn based strategy game through and through and to be honest it is one of the best strategy games I personally have ever played. Graphics Without a doubt Civilization V has a much stronger visual presence then what we had in past Civilization games. The graphics have never been a big part of the Civilization experience however that all changed in this game. Visually this is a stunning game, it has a great mechanic to switch from strategy views to just a global view. If you prefer to look at the game as more of a grid you can do that, if you want to look at the game as a living world you can do that as well. This is by far the best looking Civilization game out there and it once again lessens the blow of how expansive of a strategy game it really is. Fun Factor For newcomers to the series there is of course going to be a learning curve no matter how good the tutorial is. However for seasoned veterans to the series you will be able to jump right in and take advantage of one of the most enjoyable games of strategy I have ever played. What is even more exciting about Civilization V is that you not only can play offline but can play online with friends. There is also going to be an ever-growing population of mods to the game that will continue to increase replay-ability. Lets face it though I have not played two games of Civilization that ever felt even remotely similar each game feels like a brand new experience. Overall Civilization V is one of the best strategy games I have ever played. There are some issues but those are so minor in comparison to all the great things Firaxis has done to not only make this accessible to new players but even returning players as well. I can say with great confidence that you will not get a better game of strategy right now then what Civilization V has to offer, it is just that good.
game-hours: 34.7
review: Damn, frikin shtty City-states are all like: oh! you better give us money or well end this friendship! Dude, wtf you started the friendship jeeze but good game, just kill City-states as soon as you see them
game-hours: 78.5
review: This game is great. I've never played the previous Civ games, so this game was quite intimidating. There is so much data presented, it is hard to figure out which is important and which isn't. It will take you some time to learn how to have fun with this game, as the pacing seems glacially slow when you don't know what you are doing. By the time you've beaten a few games, you'll be having a great time playing. I love playing each new scenario and learning mechanics I didn't understand before. It makes me excited to play the next game to try out a new strategy! Touch Support on this game is really great too.
game-hours: 39.6
review: Played tutorial for 2 hours then realized i couldnt save then started a normal match and played for 17 hours 10/10
game-hours: 150.0
review: Such a fun game, if you don't have it you should buy it :D
game-hours: 200.0
review: Got trapped on an island and got nuked by Ghandi 9/10
game-hours: 49.2
review: Civilization V is a beautiful game, capturing the struggles of a leader trying to create a dominant empire to rise above the others. Somehow, it manages to be both simple and complex. It is mostly realistic and offers some humorous irony and increased difficulty in the form of Ghandi. However, it's DLC are way overpriced for the amount of content they actually offer and it gets boring after the first few playthroughs. Overall, it is an amazing game that will keep you invested for hours on end, keeping you on your toes until the last turn. [9.5/10]
game-hours: 886.8
review: This game is the best
game-hours: 214.3
review: create nice empire try to win by culture get invaded pwn the enemy ask for peace they want all my cities  you dont they denounce me 10/10
game-hours: 114.1
review: Super fun game, one of those games you spend all night playing :)
game-hours: 7.2
review: This game has no relation to the sloth named Sid in Ice Age.
game-hours: 33.3
review: Just to give this review some perspective, I've been playing the various iterations of Civ for a very, very long time. I remember playing the original like it was yesterday. Beavis and Butthead on the TV, Nirvana on the radio, and me on my Packard Bell. I spent hours in my mom's basement, wasting away from rickets while the normal kids were soaking up the sunlight, going out on dates, playing sports, and leading generally normal, productive lives. Civ 1 really messed up my life...but in a completely awesome way. I mean, I couldn't get enough. Doubly so with Civ 2. The things you could do with that game. It had...personality. I remember little stuff, like the different architectural styles, that gave the game such an immersive quality. I remember how every time I played, the world had its own story, and how things would seem to take on a life of their own. The endless war with the Mongols, my alliance with the Germans, butting heads with Caesar. I learned more about history there than I ever did in school. It was fantastic. I didn't even play to win most of the time. I was a fifteen year-old kid in a sandbox. I got older, and Civ grew with me. I spend endless hours on 3 and 4, balancing game commitments and my real life. When Civ 5 was announced, I didn't hesitate. I bought it immediately. In short, it didn't take me long before I realized that this new Civ was nothing like the Civ of old. I've never played Revolutions, but I've heard there is a lot of overlap. I don't know. What I do know is that this game is boring. Really, really boring. Never have I clicked the "next turn" button like I have here. Maybe it's because it takes forever to build anything...so long, in fact, that it's easier just to hoard gold and buy things. Maybe it's because expansion and/or conquest isn't really encouraged. The seemingly massive happiness hit just makes it unreasonable. So I sit there, just watching the world slowly go by. And how slow it is...the loading screen between turns has become my nemesis. I've turned the "superb" graphics down to their lowest setting, just to speed things up, and to keep things from jumping from one side of the world to the other every time I scroll my mouse. Just to be clear, I have a computer that can run all the latest shooters, yet cannot run a turn-based strategy game aimed at a mass audience. The AI is dumb and unfinished. If my dog had fingers, he could win on prince at least. I don't consider myself the smartest strategist, but I have never lost a war in Civ 5. Ever. I started on warlord, then prince, then king. Onward and upward I went, until I quickly realized that the AI wasn't getting smarter. It was just cheating. This was acceptable 15 years ago, not now. Why is Gandhi determined to kill me? After 2000 years of good relations, he wants to kill me. Not a biggie, mind you, because all he does is park archers next to my swordsmen, where I can promptly slaughter them. After I defeat his army (without taking any cities), he offers me all of his resources, all of his gold, and all of his cities (except for his capital, of course). He just gives up. I take him up on his offer, because I am obviously smarter than him. But that means my happiness tanks, my production stops, and my steady income stream is now in the red. Whatever. I still have 3 swordsmen and 2 archers. I can conquer the world with that. Screw culture. Did I mention the music? Man, it's boring. No more period specific soundtrack, tribal or classical. Just the turn-based equivalent of elevator music. I'm sure the graphics are the bees-knees, but with me playing on the lowest graphics setting, I will never know. City-states, which were made out to be a big deal, are not. They ask for stuff, you give it to them (or not). They give you stuff (or not). That is the extent of the city-state strategy. Boring. Actually, the city-state thing reminds me of a problem I have that extends beyond the poor quality of this game. Professional reviews. Why did every professional game review outlet give Civ 5 high marks. 9/10. A+. Really? Every review I've seen has been the same. "It has hexes!" "It has city-states!" "One unit per tile!" "Ranged combat!" "Beautiful graphics!" I even saw reviews gushing over how cool the opening sequence was (you know, the one you can't skip). For one, I am tired of seeing the old man in the hut every time I load up. I find it oddly fishy that no "professional" reviewer has brought up the bugginess; the fact that you need an internet connection; the fact that you need Steam; the fact that the AI stinks; etc, etc, etc. Just hexes and city-states. Either they were told to write a good review by the "powers that be," or they spent a total of 3 hours playing before writing their reviews. Either way, I will never trust a professional review source ever again. I gave this game 2 stars, because I believe it still has the potential to be good. After a few expansions, some mods, a Rhys and Fall, a Fall From Heaven. Yeah, it could be good. I've played around 60 hours, and still see a spark of genius here. But it will take an awful lot of work. Right now, it's like watching paint dry.
game-hours: 384.7
review: Mods are brilliant
game-hours: 82.1
review: Honestly a game to suck you in but you will never make it out, as it is very addicting to either see be the warlord you are inside, or the kind hearted diplomat with a passion for victory without violence, or even in some cases the pious religous leader you were meant to be. This game is easily my favorite
game-hours: 239.9
review: I can't help but recommend this game. Hours of playtime at a reasonable cost.
game-hours: 104.5
review: I have been using this game to predict upcoming world events, and it has been about 85% accurate in 60 cases. 9/10
game-hours: 1038.1
review: This is the BEST strategy game ever. I have to admit......... I can't stop playing it. Nothing is more fun than being able to be your favorite civilization, then conquering the world with them. AMAZING GAME! BUY IT!
game-hours: 52.6
review: Fun and worth getting
game-hours: 14.1
review: it's so great everyone should buy it a & I love Justice<3
game-hours: 163.8
review: freaking love this game
game-hours: 67.1
review: I love this game. I've stayed up for countless hours just playing away trying to win. It's easy to learn but hard to master especially if the game is not set in your favor. I would recomend this to good strategists and people who just like having fun with there own civilization games.
game-hours: 34.8
review: Good Game
game-hours: 26.9
review: Great game, got addicted quickly.
game-hours: 41.6
review: I've been playing the Civ series since the beginning, addictive and enjoyable.. makes you think.
game-hours: 39.9
review: Love this game homie.
game-hours: 46.9
review: This is such an amazing game :D
game-hours: 873.3
review: Amazing game, prepare to lose your life
game-hours: 96.6
review: 100% Dank
game-hours: 370.6
review: Amazing game for anyone who has patience and wants to learn strategic planning in a (almost) pressure-free environment. Games are quite long, but time sure goes by in the blink of an eye.
game-hours: 219.2
review: Okay so where do I start? First week 25 hours in ok. I have owned this for about 7 months and have aprox, 140 hours. Interduced me to the 4x games. Easy to get into. I recomend getting brave new world too for the religion. Also Ghandi for Lol has more nuke tendacies then Nepolean?
game-hours: 168.3
review: This game has sliced the single remaining thread that bound me to reality. I have become nothing more and nothing less than Lord of Rome. Bow down to me.
game-hours: 174.6
review: The game that all 4X games strive to become.
game-hours: 180.2
review: One of the most addictive games ever!
game-hours: 407.2
review: Prepare to spend 5-6 hours on this game without realizing you've been on for more than an hour. "One more turn" really does become a mantra that dominates your thinking. That said, the number of possible game setups and possibilities results in nearly endless gameplay.
game-hours: 98.6
review: The perfect game for strategic play!
game-hours: 382.1
review: One of the best games i've ever played, I should be past 300 hrs now and theres a good reason for that, if you can manage to get a friend to play with you it becomes 10x better, you can help each other and not to mention face each other to see who would run a country better, I can't wait till Civililization: beyond earth comes out cuase im sure ill  aways the hours with that game to but overall amazing franchise with a newer version in the works so get started now if you're still contemplating wether to buy this game or not.
game-hours: 32.2
review: game apik
game-hours: 42.8
review: This game is very cool !! When you play it you not waste your time and when you playing it you will get the knowladge and the information about the history and the levolution of the thing.
game-hours: 47.3
review: one more turn
game-hours: 66.9
review: Easy to get lost in for hours on end.
game-hours: 255.2
review: this game is fun and even more fun when you play it with friends and i really recomment it to people that like 4x games
game-hours: 22.2
review: Very interesting game=)
game-hours: 84.5
review: awesome
game-hours: 427.4
review: I avoided the Civ series for years, only recently picking up Civ V as part of a Humble Bundle. Wow. What can I say about this game that hasn't been said countless times before? Tons of fun and crazily addictive. I was right to fear it and, if you value your free time, you should too.
game-hours: 737.9
review: Worth Buying
game-hours: 261.1
review: Simply Amazing Game
game-hours: 110.8
review: Ever wanted to just get the day over with? That's simple! Just start a Civilization V game, and your whole day disappears!
game-hours: 82.6
review: Fantastic game, so addicting
game-hours: 94.0
review: Great game. So far played it for 80+ Hours. All mods should be allowed for Multiplayer though, not just some mods.
game-hours: 332.4
review: A fun and immersive game. If you play it prepare to spend hours on it. You will want to stop but what will really happen is you saying "One more turn I swear then I am off".
game-hours: 169.7
review: Ruined my life. 10/10
game-hours: 48.5
review: I have spent more hours in this game than any other. As amazing as the other games in the franchise are, this is my favorite one. I love the improved graphics and all of the different dynamics that have been added.
game-hours: 37.4
review: Played as ghandi and nuked china. 10/10
game-hours: 92.0
review: Don't play this game if you have a schedule tomorrow.
game-hours: 88.6
review: This game is amazing! GET THIS GAME
game-hours: 208.9
review: Bloody fantastic game! I'd reccomend it to people when I've stopped playing it.
game-hours: 237.6
review: Do you like good games? Do you like the thought of being the ruler of one supperior country that will enslave all others? Do you like war? If you answered "Yes" to all of these including the last two then you're insane!:D But seriously... this game is so cool!
game-hours: 139.1
review: Very fun game!
game-hours: 100.0
review: can Nuke Moscow 10/10 game
game-hours: 238.7
review: Time flies by when you play this game :D
game-hours: 65.4
review: very good game very addictive... will finish the review after this turn
game-hours: 55.3
review: There is no sweeter feeling than bringing your last enemy to the brink of desctruction, only to revive all of the fallen civilizations and let them do it for you. 10/10 would conquer again
game-hours: 130.7
review: Civilization V is a very good game.
game-hours: 194.2
review: My Wife asked me what we should get my son for his 3rd birthday, I told her we'll talk about it after this next round. Today he turns 6 years old....
game-hours: 22.6
review: definatly worth it for 8 bucks if you enjoy turn based strategy, or for that matter any of the other 4.
game-hours: 4.6
review: Next turn... next turn... next turn....... waiting for other players...... just.. one .... more... f****** turn....... omfg... (P.S WATCH OUT FOR GHANDI HE'S A NUB)
game-hours: 79.0
review: nuked a dane 10000/10
game-hours: 101.5
review: More addictive than the addiction a 55 year old baby boomer has with his cigarettes.
game-hours: 342.8
review: "It's worse than a plane flight"
game-hours: 191.8
review: Mom said 'don't ing play before you feed the dog.' Dog's dead now. Buy this game.
game-hours: 2.2
review: Civilization V is the sequel to the immensely popular and reigning champion of the Civilization franchise: Civilization IV. With the Beyond the Sword expansion that game was almost perfect, so the fifth game had some serious shoes to fill. The biggest and most controversial change in Civilization V is the change to a hex based system rather than squares. They also removed the ability to stack units, so one unit per hex is the limit. This completely changed combat, mostly for the better. The game was plagued by serious, almost breaking, issues at the start. The AI had problems figuring out how to work the hex combat system and was mostly completely dumbfounded in battle. The removal of the religion system and the addition of some features claiming to make the game more accessible to newcomers lead to the accusations of a dumbed down game that didn't hold a candle to the mighty Civ IV. Most of the issues were addressed in the Gods and Kings expansion which also added religion back into the game and expanded upon it well beyond what Civ IV did. The latest expansion, Brave New World, finally made the game all it could be and now it is accepted that the game is on par with or even beyond Civ IV. If you wish to pick this game up, then you should absolutely pick up Brave New World as well, as the game is no good without it. Brave New World also includes all the changes from Gods and Kings, so you don't need both expansions. The only thing you get from Gods and Kings is a couple of extra Civilizations to play and that can safely be skipped. Even with all the improvements, it has been said that the Civilization series plays more like a board game than a grand strategy game. We agree. For people who want something a bit heavier on the strategy side, we recommend Europa Universalis IV
game-hours: 145.3
review: The perfect game for the sort of person that's always wanted to found Sikhism in Stockholm, then conquer Kyoto and build the Mosque of Dijenne there in 1456.
game-hours: 167.3
review: HELL YEAH!
game-hours: 125.1
review: this game is great sept the AI they are all s.
game-hours: 118.0
review: This game made me learn...and I wanted to learn... 10/10/10/10/10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 Let's just say infinity.
game-hours: 39.0
review: Wow, i don't know where to start. If you have ever played any of the CIV games before, then you are in for a treat. I've loved this series since i was a little kid and it only got better with the years, CIV 5 is amazing in every single aspect and a must play for anyone that enjoys strategy. If you've never played a CIV game before then youre in for a treat. This game is incredible and i can asure you will probably ask when did all those hours flew by playing this game, i just can't stop playing it. 100% recommended, must play.
game-hours: 50.6
review: Best 4X of all time. OF ALL TIME!
game-hours: 55.0
review: Very complex and time consuming game that is quite in depth in many ways... Took alot for a first timer like myself to learn the ropes, but once i did this game become a lot more fun. I would only recommend this game to RPG/strategy ethusiasts as i still find it to be quite a hard game even on the easier difficulty settings. This game is also what is called a "turn based" game, which at first i found a bit boring. Once i adapted to the games style though, the whole turn based system becomes very relevant and added another level of strategy to it all. Overall, the game is well thought out and very in depth making it simply put "epic".
game-hours: 55.4
review: A very good turn-based strategy game. You will start by choosing you civilization, each one of them comes with different civ bonus, unique unit and unique building/improvement or second unique unit. By choosing different research options, expanding your borders, making you city grow, recruiting an army and balancing between different aspects to keep you civilization secure and happy, you will lead your civilizations through many eras to victory. The AI in the game could be better, while it may help you in the beginning and even will seem to be your ally, they can start hating you because you have too big or too small army, they will yell at your warmongering even if you are fighting again a common foe, they will settle their cities near you and expect you to move since it`s "their territory". While you should start playing with AI to learn about the game, it`s strongly recommended to play with other people since game can become boring an predictable after some time. You should also buy complete edition of the game since G&K and BNW dlcs change gameplay a lot in a better way - you will be able to participate in world congress, create trade routes, found religions and much more.
game-hours: 67.9
review: great game! lot of things to do! 10/10
game-hours: 12.6
review: Very Good Strategy Game and Good Graphics
game-hours: 141.7
review: the best game ever
game-hours: 53.4
review: The Ultimate Strategy Game. Nuff Said.
game-hours: 578.9
review: This Game is a great game if you like being in control, this games lets you control a civilization that faces many threts, including other civiliations and barbarians, this makes the game a fun role playing game while including lots of different features to make it a great game.
game-hours: 58.6
review: Wow! Much strategy! One more turn! Pokemons Countries! Such Sid meier! Wow!
game-hours: 246.8
review: The first time I played this game I thought I'd only play for a few hours to check it out. I started at 8pm. The next time I looked at a clock, I did so because I heard birds chirping and the sun was coming up. This game is a time machine.
game-hours: 110.8
review: tayyip smilator 2014
game-hours: 18.2
review: This is amazing with the DLC.
game-hours: 84.9
review: One more turn please
game-hours: 26.4
review: I have no friends because of this game. We all hate each other now.
game-hours: 147.6
review: Very addictive game. Don't be surprised to find yourself playing until 7am in the morning because you just need that... one... more... turn... The 2 dlcs "Gods and Kings" and "Brave New World" are also very worth if you can afford it.
game-hours: 56.2
review: Civilization V is a great game. It vaguley reminds me of a Tycoon, but yet so much more! The standalone game is great, but if you get the DLC, you will be supprised how much better it is. Overall, I give CIV a 4/5. Great job, Devs!
game-hours: 68.4
review: PLAY IT U WAFFLESSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 211.2
review: It is very fun game to play. And on higher difficulties a challenge to win the game.
game-hours: 82.5
review: Its a great strategy game where you start off as a civilization of your choice and you battle for victory against many other civilizations. The game has different modes and scenarios so no match is the exact same.
game-hours: 105.9
review: Quite possibly one of the best games ever :D
game-hours: 24.4
review: Another remake of Civ. still the best non-space 4X. Sound, Soundtrack & Visuals are all great (although i prefer the Lenard Nimoy voice-over mod). Advisors are back better than ever (now with good tutorials if you need that). Now that units stacking has significantly changed how wars/combat playout (and with this change they kinda ruined the great generals/admirals). I like the new Civ-o-pedia. Culture & Social Policies are a welcome addition. You must use G+K or BNW expansions, preferably both, for the game to really come alive through all ages. Not sure that religon is all that influential in terms of the game outcomes. If you won't get CIV5 with expansions or DLC all on sale, and you aren't modding (steam workshop), then don't bother and get CIV4. Get it when CIV5 is on sale with the expansions, don't bother with DLC until you have played through at least once (unless the DLC comes as extras such as in the Gold pack).
game-hours: 127.0
review: the only game where i can shoot down jets with arrows and destroy tanks with spears. 10/10
game-hours: 1347.5
review: Started off rough, but after patches and DLC is a solid entry. If you like Civ then buy it for sure.
game-hours: 54.2
review: ME like yes good 4 stars out of 2 thumbs thanks obama
game-hours: 379.3
review: A great game for anyone that wants to burn a few hours. Its a game of wit's and brute strength, Forging allies and waging war all to gain a foothold over your rival's. Many or few, every game is different with a huge selection of map types and playable factions. I have played multiple run's of this game and still it is my favorite Civ from Sid so far. I'm sure i'll have many more hours in this game as the acheivment list is 200+. Multiplayer has a little to be desired as the matching can sometime take awhile and games tend to get overpowered one way or another rather early on. Finding solid players that can last a match is uncommon. With all being said the game is definetly playing.
game-hours: 76.4
review: get it will
game-hours: 446.6
review: Great game if you like being a boss.
game-hours: 7.0
review: My favorite games are simulation and open world, and this game is both. Online matches get very competitive, and can last for many hours. The fact that you can build your civilization anywhere you want and as long as you want makes this a game I will always come back too.
game-hours: 68.1
review: One more turn. Just one more, then I'll go to bed.
game-hours: 2077.7
review: So, everyone pretty much has at least one game that they go back to, over and over, when other games have lost their novelty, or have been completed, or all the achievements earned. For me thus far, this is that game. I could play a game on the DS, or go back to the XBOX, but this is my favorite go-to after the kiddo is in bed. Better yet, it is easily explainable and fun to play with friends and family. Worth it to have in your library (especially if it's on sale).
game-hours: 121.1
review: This game is amazing, just buy it if you haven't already. Even if you don't like turnbased strategy games, you won't regret picking this up!
game-hours: 664.3
review: Probably the best strategy game I've ever played and I am now going to be a long time fan of the series
game-hours: 664.6
review: ...Just one more turn...
game-hours: 512.1
review: Base game is solid. The expansion turns it into a brilliant and balanced game. Only issue I have with it, is that it is so good that it makes you want to play it with friends. And the multiplayer is the most unstable thing I ever experienced in a game. And you play it anyway, cursing Sid Meier every step of the way. Because it is good enough to make you wade through the suffering of constant disconnects.
game-hours: 138.5
review: Excellent game for those who want a game with good strategies and many options available. Great soundtrack and user interface is very clean.
game-hours: 241.4
review: ,  .
game-hours: 55.8
review: this game is tl:dr in a nutshell
game-hours: 762.7
review: BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 1499.5
review: With almost 1000 hours logged into this game, I can still say there are Civilization's I have not played as, and strategies I have not dabbled with. Civilization 5 is simply one of the best games I have ever played. Because this game satisfies on so many levels, it's hard to write a concise review with enough detail. All I'll say is that if you're thinking of getting the game... do it! Pay for the entire package with all the DLC's, and prepare to enter "the time machine that only goes forward." You will lose so many hours of your life to this game, but you will enjoy every single one of them.
game-hours: 21.4
review: 9,5/10 nukes and battleships screw everybody
game-hours: 153.0
review: If you can get your hands on this game with all expansions, by all means do it.
game-hours: 131.0
review: This game didn't look good at first but after I played for about 30 minutes I was hooked. The amount of different decisions you can make and the fact the game outcome can change with just one decision make this game a very fun one to play.
game-hours: 819.9
review: Its alright.
game-hours: 1299.9
review: One More Turn.......
game-hours: 431.5
review: Civilization 5 is a very addicting game and the game itself is just briliant but the fact that there could have been more countrys to play as and that it seems like you cannot do stuff that a leader of a country would seemingly do, i think the choices that you have should be so deep that you should be able to give speeches to the people of the country or use chemical weapons against your own people, yes bombing your own cities and stuff like that is kind of evil but why not, if the people are starting a resistanes you can just send in a tank and tell them no, it should be that if you are a communism and a democrocy should hate you not be best friends with you, also the company that made this game made cheap expanions that civ 4 already had the features that the expansions added, it seems kind of money grubbing. but if you are just an insane person that wants to take over the world this is the perfect game for you. you can either take over the world or you can be taken over by russia or you can be the biggest civilization and still lose the game because another one did the space race before you,
game-hours: 51.9
review: Incredible! Must buy!!!!!
game-hours: 80.0
review: This game has wrecked my sleeping pattern on many occasions Historically accurate to build Stonehenge in Babylon and A Great Wall around Mongolia 10/10, would spend days dennouncing Ghandi again
game-hours: 99.1
review: long and confusing but fun when use to
game-hours: 494.1
review: DO NOT BUY... unless you want to waste 300+ hours of your life playing an amazing game!
game-hours: 43.7
review: Its gud
game-hours: 61.7
review: I love this game and I can only recommend it to other people, it's a great strategy game with mod support (turn based strategy), it has a few kinks (not really bugs), and it takes some time learning, but it's worth it.
game-hours: 23.9
review: Love this game highly addictive and you find yourself overcome with rage at your enemies! Ghandi, he's tricked me for the last time!
game-hours: 238.5
review: Civilization V is probably one of the most complete, detailed and fascinating strategy game I've ever played. I highly recommend it.
game-hours: 50.3
review: The fifth instalment in Sid Meier's Civilization series brings a new fresh flavour to the game. The overal expirience is a lot smoother and simplified when compared to Civ IV. I'd definitely recommend this game to beginers in strategy games but to seasoned aficianado's as well.
game-hours: 481.9
review: Gandhi Nukes.
game-hours: 234.0
review: This game is FANTASTIC!
game-hours: 299.0
review: Civilization V is in all honesty, the best game I have ever had the pleasure of playing. Its not just how much time the developers have put into making this game as good as possible, its also how much the community has helped the game thrive and become more of a player friendly experience. Although if you want to buy it, I strongly recommend getting BNW and GK (Brave New world and Gods and Kings) as they improve the game mechanics greatly. The community as a whole makes this game worth while, Mods improve the game greatly even in places where you thought there could be no improvement. 11/10 Strongly recommend it.
game-hours: 66.9
review: My only complaint is that I never leave the house anymore.
game-hours: 953.9
review: oitastic all about war always trust gandhi ;). the only way to win is war. no peace nothing. raze cities that are not yours. let the world burn by your hands.this is how to win civ all the time by oioioioioiooioioioioioioioioioioioioioioioioioioioioioioioiooioioioioioioioioioioioioioioioioioioioioioioioioioioioioioioioioioioioiioioioioioiooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiioooooooooooooooooooooooiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiooooooooooooooiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiooooooooooiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiioooooooooooooooiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiooooooooooiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiooooooooooooooiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii and that how i won the game.
game-hours: 53.4
review: "Okay, I've got to be at college at 9AM tomorrow, I'll just have a quick game on Civ before I go to bed." 2 Hours later "Damn it Ghandi! YOU WILL PERISH!" 5 Hours later "Ah , 3 hours sleep it is" True story. Happend to me the day I wrote this review.
game-hours: 174.9
review: Honestly there is not much more to be said about the great game that is Civ V. Like the games that came before it this is nother great addition to the 4X genre.
game-hours: 247.1
review: 420/69 would bang
game-hours: 622.2
review: I've been a fan of the Civilization series since Civ III, and I'm always eagerly anticipating the release of the next update/expansion pack or version. The hexagon in Civ V and the dropping of stacking took some getting used to, but it definitely revitalized the series. The reworking of the culture victory has been a bit of a letdown though, but then again, I never attempt cultural victories. Overall, great game and worth every penny.
game-hours: 18.2
review: I can't describe my feeling for this game. It is a game you can put hours into a not even realize it.
game-hours: 226.2
review: if you have no social life and hate the sun and dont want to move for days on end get this game
game-hours: 789.4
review: Civilization V is in my opinion the best 2K game published, not only is it a amazing strategy game it incorporates so many aspects which are lost in so many other games. I have to date played 789 hours on this game and whilst I have not played in a while that is purely due to scaling down my gaming time. I cannot recommend this enough, I mean who doesn't want to nuke some random civ whilst they are in medieval era and your in future era?? It's fantastic in every way. Pros: AI is awesome (few if any glitches) Steam workshop Wide variety of civilizations Many different maps Not focused solely on combat AND EVERYTHING ELSE ABOUT THE GAME Except: You aren't playing it right now like you should be! 10/10
game-hours: 1079.2
review: Just one more turn!
game-hours: 532.0
review: i love this game buy it and fall in love with the power and control
game-hours: 24.4
review: Amazing game! Good graphics, amazing gameplay and a great time killer! Must buy!
game-hours: 190.3
review: all-time classic. each installation in the series has been a welcome change and re-balance to the consistently addictive gameplay.
game-hours: 223.5
review: Just the best
game-hours: 644.8
review: Great game! Has to be one of my favourite games of all time but I suppose that's obvious from the ridiculous play time. The two most recent DLCs; Gods & Kings and Brave New World are a must have, the extra gameplay they implement is incredible.
game-hours: 488.6
review: Just ... One .... More .... Turn ...
game-hours: 259.1
review: Absolutely worth the money ! Make sure to get all the expansions though, they improve the game in so many ways.
game-hours: 94.1
review: Yes... please buy this game... CONQUER THE WORLD!!! It seriously is a TON of fun to paly if you enjoy strategizing and planning out your attack. And also being able to see your army grow and crush everything.
game-hours: 408.9
review: 10/10 Gr8 M8, this is my favourite game :D
game-hours: 1495.6
review: Amazing! I have logged a little over 900 hours and I loved every second of it, especially BNW, a lot better than G&K. Although I think you need to make some CIV's bonuses better.
game-hours: 1500.9
review: It's Alright.
game-hours: 2.9
review: Im still getting used to this game but it seems fun and the achievements are endless. For an achievemnt hunter like myself i can see this game getting very addicting! :)
game-hours: 175.9
review: I Play this far too much, expect long matches all bassed on your strategic advantages and gameplay styles
game-hours: 562.3
review: By far one of the best turn based strategy games ever.
game-hours: 35.2
review: I just got this game and im loveing it already
game-hours: 27.0
review: I dominated the world because all other countries bought jeans and listened to music from my country. Some dude refused to stop spying on me even though I had four atom bombs stationed near his capital. 11/10
game-hours: 104.4
review: Great game which robbed me dozens of hours sleep
game-hours: 112.4
review: ther R building n persons they kill enemy. much fun and friends
game-hours: 55.8
review: Fun!
game-hours: 186.3
review: If you had a very very good board game that you loved to play all the time and it was made into a video game, Civ V would be a lot like that. Highly recommended strategy game with plenty of depth and difficulty. Pretty addicting though.
game-hours: 363.8
review: yes
game-hours: 74.2
review: Built the Great Wall of Mongolia, the Eiffel Tower of New York, nuked Chicago, and went from being besties with Bismarck to wanting his head on a plaque hanging on my wall... All in one game. Oh, and all that scientific research being done on the possibility of time travel? Just play this game, you'll jump forward pretty quick. 10/10 would nuke Chicago again
game-hours: 910.3
review: Cant get enougth of this game after my first 300 hours ofgameplay i still found new ways of having fun in it,good and huge amounts of content and very easy to learn but hard to win sometimes. The Ai is not that bad as in tradicional strategy games and it actual makes the experience better when u have 5 civs going for a win all in diferents ways I love this game to much can get enought of it and i recomendet to everyone newcomer to the franchise or hardcore gamer srry for any english related error
game-hours: 377.2
review: I once injected 2 marijuans and this is more addictive than that
game-hours: 160.6
review: Buy this game, and give it a chance. A couple of hours in, and you will be addicted. When you've reached the 'addicted'-stage, it can last for hundreds and hundreds of hours. When the addiction slowly disappears, the game will still continue to give you a fair amount of entartainment for the years to come.
game-hours: 680.7
review: This is the best game I have ever played, it has consumed me and remade me into a human being with dreams
game-hours: 828.5
review: This is by far the best game that I have ever played. Entirely worth getting it, however Civ Beyond Earth sounds like its going to be even better than Civ 5, which is a difficult criterium to fill.
game-hours: 24.7
review: Best game ever!!!
game-hours: 277.4
review: I've never played civilization before, but after playing for (almost constantly) my first 18 hours all what I must say is just: wow. I get it on sale and its really worth it. Need to go to work, but just one more turn.. lose your job but its gonna be alright, just one more turn.. your house is burning, but... one more turn?
game-hours: 11.2
review: very awesome game , the gameplay is fantastic , must buy this! its very fun
game-hours: 192.3
review: Great game! Played it many hours before buying it on steam and played many hours since. One of the best strategy games there is, endless posibilities and many ways to win. Always makes you want to play one more turn before you quit. 10/10
game-hours: 264.6
review: Great game, but really addicting
game-hours: 7.4
review: Not bad.
game-hours: 243.4
review: Just buy the damn game.
game-hours: 269.7
review: ghandi nuked me lel 10/10
game-hours: 61.3
review: Do you want to never go outside again? Yes? Then this is the game for you!
game-hours: 197.8
review: Built Nuclear Submarines in 1790. 10/10 Best game
game-hours: 728.1
review: I tend to set alarms on my phone so I won't forget important things while playing this game... like eating. ...one more turn.
game-hours: 115.4
review: I played this game, 10 minutes later approx. 27 hours had passed 10/10
game-hours: 62.7
review: Just one more tur-WHEN DID THE SUN COME UP?
game-hours: 35.5
review: It's so awesome. Buy it especially if you enjoy strategy games like age of empires or stuff like that. I've played all the civilization games and this one really is amazing.
game-hours: 95.6
review: Laugh at your enemies while they taste your nuclear might!
game-hours: 24.1
review: Amazing addition to an amazing series. But seriously, Ghandi, stop being such a warmongering -hat.
game-hours: 50.7
review: Who the  is Sid? 10/10
game-hours: 62.9
review: Love the game.
game-hours: 201.8
review: I was the most well fed nation playing has Ethiopia. 11/10 would feed again.
game-hours: 118.9
review: The latest Instalment in the Civilization series number Five sees the biggest changes in the established format. The game is based on an entirely new game engine with hexagonal tiles instead of the square tiles of earlier games. The combat system has been overhauled, removing stacking of military units and enabling cities to defend themselves by firing directly on nearby enemies. Computer controlled City-States are a new feature which allows you to befriend and trade with, if the neighbouring A.I. is not offering trade due to them panicking over your troop build up on yours and their border. The DLC - God's and Kings adds Religion and Espionage features that were already in Civilization IV, but strangely left out of the base Civ V game. Coming from previous Civilizations takes a little getting used to but overall this is a solid outing. 8 and half out of 10 kiwifruit.
game-hours: 104.0
review: awesome but takes a long time to load!
game-hours: 268.9
review: Just like in real life, people in this game hate me for no disernable reason! 9th grade all over again! Except throwing spears instead acusations and supicions about my sexual oriantation. 10/10 great low self esteem simulator
game-hours: 261.5
review: Great game 10/10
game-hours: 44.2
review: OMG YES Strategy fan? You will LOVE this game. OK, it's a different take than the fast paced Age of Empires or the bazing fast Starcraft, but even though the combat is not challenging, you do need to think your movements through before executing, or you'll find yourself in a pesky situation. It's fun that it's history-oriented, but it's kinda irrelevant in my opinion. You just have to know what kind of buffs you get from each civ and pick your victory route. The AI tends to not be quite friendly but that keeps things interesting if you can't find people to play with (and let's face it, the games are loooong, so it's rather hard to coordinate with other humans :P). Great game!
game-hours: 177.1
review: Washington should have conquered the world IRL.
game-hours: 440.6
review: It is possible that you disliked Vainilla Civ5. But trust me on this, after 2 expansions the game has become a truly masterpiece.
game-hours: 49.4
review: is gud
game-hours: 393.1
review: holy crap this is awesome
game-hours: 38.4
review: worst game i've ever played 999/1000
game-hours: 715.6
review: Excellent game! I have played the Civ series from from the the DOS era to today...A must for any strategy player
game-hours: 301.4
review: It's okay
game-hours: 982.2
review: So many wasted hours
game-hours: 89.9
review: do you have hours you really need to get rid of? civilization v best time killer 4000 BC - 2050 AD (more addictive than popcorn)
game-hours: 182.9
review: An excellent turn-based RTS that can be picked up very easily by those not so familiar with the genre or experienced players. As stated in many other reviews, you'll find yourself playing this game for tens of hours without even realizing it, it's that addicting!
game-hours: 572.1
review: About to reach 400 hours in this game. I guess you could say it's okay.
game-hours: 480.4
review: It's a great beginner strategy game.
game-hours: 38.7
review: I've played Civilization 3 for years, Then about a year ago I got more into games and I got Steam. A few months later I got this game, I love the community, the DLC's, and I love the game. Civilization has been an amazing game series. I can't wait to see more games like this come out. So check this game out and have fun. (10/10)
game-hours: 23.0
review: Sid Meiers once again astonishes me. This game is more than genius. 10/10
game-hours: 49.4
review: Really Good Product, Ever since I first tried KFC I couldnt get enough of it. Thanks to KFC I will never be hungry again. 9/10 (Could have better nuggets).
game-hours: 135.0
review: Sid Mieir's Civilizaton V is one of the best strategies, BUT you should buy Gods & Kings DLC ( I think that Brave New World is too difficult for newbie )
game-hours: 86.0
review: Great game, lots of content and huge replayablitiy. Some minor problems, not anything to worry about.
game-hours: 94.2
review: This game sucks my . 10/10
game-hours: 108.4
review: Not only one of the best 4X or Strategy games I've played, but it tops the charts as one of the most enjoyable times I've had playing a video game. The multiplayer can get a little glitchy sometimes, but is worth it nonetheless. I've gotten in some heated political arguments with my friends while immersed in Civ 5, which were some of the most unique experiences I've had on a PC game. The single player AI is also very unique, as each country has their own personalities. All around a great game.
game-hours: 50.2
review: this game is awesome, maybe is cuz im Sid Meier's follower, but im also sure that if u like the strategy by turns u love this game too
game-hours: 232.8
review: Legendary. Just Legendary
game-hours: 46.5
review: One of the best time wasters of all time. Don't play if you don't have a lot of time in your hands. This will get you hooked.
game-hours: 115.1
review: amazing
game-hours: 451.3
review: The game that keeps on giving. Civilization has come a long way from the first release in 1991 (which I still occasionally play) to the 5th edition (plus addons). The idea of building your own empire throughout history is still captivating. One of the best features of the game is that the player can decide on what victory conditions to pick: discovery, culture, ... and yes, military style as well. Although in my eyes secondary for a good game, the graphics add to my overall opinion of two thumbs up. The only item I definitely miss is a thick manual to read (like in the good old days) while the game is downloading and installing. PS: Don't trust Ghandi. :-)
game-hours: 69.9
review: very fun game but it lags alot and often and will crash a bit
game-hours: 1773.7
review: The civ 5 base game isnt a complete game.... u need the complete game with the 2 big expansion gods and kings and brave new world and now u got a rly amazing game. The best turn strategic game, when u start to play it u cant stop. U think u need another 5 min at 2 am for complete something but at 5 am u are already in game. This big game (all this series anyway is amazing) is a risk for your true life :). For my thing anyway dont go look for multiplayer wth a lot players, because the game come be rly slowly. Play it with 1 your big friend vs pc and u have a rly big fun
game-hours: 152.1
review: COOL
game-hours: 116.4
review: love the versatility and unique play styles of each leader and love the ability to play with my friends online and the drop in drop out is wonderful
game-hours: 232.5
review: I strongly recommend this game for avid strategists. Your objective is to nurture a civilisation and become victorious over all others. There are numerous victory possibilities thanks to a large range of ingame concepts from tourism to science. Each civilisation has its unique units/buildings as well as an ability through their leader. Moreover, the dedicated mod workshop enhances the game further still, bestowing upon it astronomical replay value. Give it a try, you won't regret it !
game-hours: 16.6
review: is long game
game-hours: 480.6
review: The Complete Edition is vital or else the game is just meh.
game-hours: 241.2
review: Ever wanted to completely pillage Sweden or make every tile in Tellus full of giant robots? This is your change to do so.
game-hours: 241.1
review: Very good sequel, still liked Civ4 and Civ3.
game-hours: 134.5
review: I've always been a fan of the Civilization series and in my mind, this is the best in the series. I think that the new game mechanics are for the best. This is a great game and is extremely addicting. I love this game, and I hope you do too.
game-hours: 33.1
review: Tons of replay value - and just playing through all the scenarios included in the base game will take quite a bit of time. Still lacking the mod-scene that was there for Civ 4; but it's getting there.
game-hours: 538.9
review: Just bought Gold edition upgrade, and no, 2.5 was not hard, and now i got all the good stuff 8)
game-hours: 14.8
review: Time flies with this game
game-hours: 735.5
review: Basically my favorite game ever. At the moment i've clocked 277 hours, I intend to get Waaaaaay more.
game-hours: 439.9
review: i like it
game-hours: 191.8
review: A great update to a series with incredible history. The hexagon map and one-unit-per-space add a lot to the strategic depth
game-hours: 178.6
review: Meets Ghandi. 20 turns later invades city state. 60 turns later Ghandi declares war. 200/20
game-hours: 206.2
review: The diplomacy come up
game-hours: 328.3
review: This is one of the most addicting games I've ever played. There's just no way of stopping unless you have an insane amount of self control. Definitely one of the best games I've ever palyed.
game-hours: 85.6
review: This review is for those who are completely new to Civilizations. The sun rises. You emerge from your cave with a new mindset, a goal to achieve, something no one has ever experienced before. Expansion. You build a new home to you and others when the time comes. And yet this hunger still remains. You explore the vast surroundings and find many new resources, unkown to you. You experiement and realise, this clay can be used for pottery! Fast forward 300 years, your once small town has now expanded into 3 cities, all of which are feared and respected by the surrounding neighbors. Yet they require more. Shall you attack and conquer the weak? Or befriend and parter up with the strong? These are the choices you make in civilizations. Choose wisely.
game-hours: 23.7
review: Hours and Hours of Replay Value; Best Strategy game on the market and can't be beat 11/10 would buy on iTunes
game-hours: 246.2
review: Fantastic both as single and multiplayer, so many civilizations for infinite replayabilty, definitely would recommend.
game-hours: 132.1
review: Good
game-hours: 248.4
review: Ghandi nuked the  out of me. 10/10 Would get nuked again.
game-hours: 36.4
review: NAVERNI DLC, %USERNAME%
game-hours: 64.1
review: Started with two units near no resources at all, only barbarians. They  and pillaged the start of the Aztec empire and the Aztec empire ceased to exist. 10/10
game-hours: 72.4
review: Gandhi is a raciist little turd. 10/10
game-hours: 96.0
review: Addicting enough to burn it into the insides of your eyelids.. I see this game when I sleep... help
game-hours: 10.2
review: I nuked a city 4 times in a row... 10/10
game-hours: 233.3
review: Great game, and one of the few games that has survived the test of time! Great stratigic game, and a lot of different ways to play it do to many different victories and the different civilizations which each grant their own special bonus. 10/10 ;) If you are planing on buying this you could also buy Brave New World :)
game-hours: 94.3
review: Holy hell this game is fun as heck! I freaking love it so far, even though I barely played an hour. 10/10 so far.
game-hours: 306.2
review: yes
game-hours: 307.8
review: One of the best games ever created! Hours of fun, infinite replay value, and even more fun with friends! Not only does this game provide hours of fun, but it can also provide a challenge to even the most advanced gamer. My advice to anyone who doesn't have this game, BUY IT!
game-hours: 327.4
review: Awesome game, cant wait for beyond earth
game-hours: 414.2
review: This game is the reason I have no friends, no money and no home. 11/10 would get nuked by gandhi again.
game-hours: 65.5
review: Brilliant strategy game although by itself can feel empty after a while and G&K + BNW can fix this and everybody who feels like getting the best possible experience of this game should buy those main two expansion packs for the game. For anybody looking to get into the strategy genre, this can also be a good place to start. 8/10
game-hours: 466.8
review: this game gave me nightmares of being gangbanged by genghis khan attila the hun and shaka of the zulus 10/10
game-hours: 121.6
review: Verry good game! I bought it in the steam summer sales as the complete pack. Played it for hours!!!
game-hours: 356.5
review: This game is one of the best, single player is fun due to the many diffrent ways to win as well as the diffrent leaders own abilitys which makes you change strategy. Also there are many map types and can make is more challeging with the manyh difficulties. Varity of mods you can add and multiplayer with your friends is always a laugh.
game-hours: 105.7
review: IA have some problems, but, its civ, its cool, is amazing, maybe the best strategy game ever made. so, buy the game, make they profit so they can make the civ 6
game-hours: 16.0
review: i killed america 10/10
game-hours: 315.8
review: 10/10 One of the bests strategy games out there and the dlcs are great too you must play it
game-hours: 131.1
review: Regen pls
game-hours: 132.8
review: A caveman destroys a tank. 10/10
game-hours: 27.6
review: love the hot seat mode
game-hours: 77.6
review: A very nice strategy game, very simple yet so complex. It's a very fun game, and you can learn a thing or 2 about history from it, which is a bonus (I guess), and even though it's not Civ 4, it's actually pretty fun.
game-hours: 93.9
review: This game provides a very different form of entertainment than most other simulator games. Sid Meier has captured the perfect combination of war, science, culture, and economy. You can win by taking over the world, reaching Alpha Centauri, sending a space shuttle into space via the Apollo Program, or by building the United Nations. The only word that I can possibly sum this game up with would be "Wow".
game-hours: 89.9
review: i strongly recomend getting this game, gandhi needs more haters
game-hours: 53.0
review: It's a really fun game where you can decimate your enemies or take the one of many peaceful ways out. You can also make wonders and buildings and found a religion. All in all I give it a 10/10.
game-hours: 26.4
review: Buy this strat game if ur into strategies and turn based cuz this was my first strat game, my one and only favorite too. You'll have a hell of a time especially with all the dlcs.
game-hours: 559.6
review: This Game, was a fan since Civ 4, and this game is a GREAT sequel. So i do really reccomend this, if your a fan of strategy.
game-hours: 46.8
review: This game lets you play through history your way playing as the Japanese, England, ect. This is one of the best games I own currently.
game-hours: 93.2
review: Fun with friends
game-hours: 90.9
review: Solid strategy game. Just as good single-player as it is multi-player.
game-hours: 23.6
review: Civilization ruined my sleep schedule and made me hate Gandhi. Best personal moment? When every single nation went to war with Atilla and I got to sing Mulan's 'Be a Man'. ten outta ten
game-hours: 21.3
review: ALWAYS NUKE GHANDI
game-hours: 40.3
review: Only in this game can you have the Great Wall of China, the Pyramids, AND the Hanging Gardens all in Russia
game-hours: 681.8
review: I love this game and have dedicated almost 600hrs to it....yeah i know thats kind of sad. The only thing I would have liked to of seen is in civ 4. You started out in the location on an earth map where your civ was historically located. And played through time to see if you could make your civ survive history. Thought that would have been nice too
game-hours: 8.8
review: A wonderful turn-based strategy game. Fun to play with your friends especially. I recommend that everyone give this a try, and those who do like it should purchase the Complete Edition. 10/10
game-hours: 93.2
review: Would gift Gandhi giant death robots for world domination again 11/10 Please, just don't nuke me Gandhi.
game-hours: 103.3
review: At first I was wary - how could you beat civ 4? Now I am conviced it is fantastic. It is also worth picking up Gods and Kings with it.
game-hours: 109.8
review: This game is one of my favourite games ever, It is really fun to play with friends and solo, if you want a game you can play for a few hours or even an hour, this game is for you, Civ 5 described in one word, #Fantabulous
game-hours: 150.6
review: If you like strategy games and nation-building games, this one's for you. I've enjoyed this game a lot, and I recommend it to any strategy game fan!
game-hours: 389.5
review: Bye bye real life.
game-hours: 293.7
review: This is an amazing strategy game, i recommend it to all critical gamers.
game-hours: 145.4
review: Goodbye life
game-hours: 110.7
review: This game is awesome... until you meet Ghandi... he is actually the worst person ever...
game-hours: 120.2
review: This game is great for people who are looking for a long strategy game to play. Very indept and very enjoyable.
game-hours: 32.5
review: Surprisingly addictive game, extremely diluted grand strategy fit for newcomers to the genre/idiots. If you play games like Crusader Kings avoid, but if your coming from games like Call Of Duty or Starcraft this might be for you. wait nvm Ghandi just nuked my capital brb
game-hours: 230.2
review: an realy awsome game... i liked it... and it actually teach me some stuff... you can learn stuff from the game and i had a great time playing with it
game-hours: 83.6
review: If you are going to play this be sure to have alot of hours , yes literally some days it takes forever but when you have world domination nothing beats that felling. Myself really enjoys spending countless hours on this game just because you get to conquer all in any way you want.
game-hours: 96.5
review: Heaps of fun to play with your friends and the single player is fun if you feel like trashing some bots with large militaries
game-hours: 122.5
review: KILL ALL OF TH BARBARIANS
game-hours: 444.5
review: Everyone spells "Gandhi" wrong. 5 stars
game-hours: 51.1
review: I lost friends to this game
game-hours: 58.9
review: I love this game so much that I want to have sex with it!!!
game-hours: 122.0
review: This game has no relation to history, besides the playable societies in it. That being said, building the Great Wall of Mongolia is hilarious.
game-hours: 105.8
review: First time playing. Persia doesn't like where I settle city. I got bored and killed him off. 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 448.3
review: it is a game that you will waste das on for no real reason. it is great
game-hours: 5.1
review: It's fun to play.period
game-hours: 10.3
review: Amazing game worth the money and id completley recomend it!
game-hours: 213.6
review: this game is amazing
game-hours: 308.0
review: Best fricken' game ever, spending far too much of my days playing this right now, but too caught up in building my Civ! ^-^
game-hours: 53.2
review: Civilization V is a very great game, especially with the Brave New World DLC. Politics is dynamic and UI is very user friendly. Combat is very simple, which might or might not appeal to some people. Recommended!
game-hours: 174.7
review: I bought this game and was very satisfied with it as I had 22hours played within only two days. However I was later so mad that I nearly obliterated my computer as this fuc**** game shuts down whenever im about 1 hour in to a game in multiplayer, "civilization V has stopped responding" oh and if it was just that easy to task manager abort it, I wouldn't write this review, because, no it wont allow itself to be shut down, no no, it rather bug my task manager again. Anyhow, let off from multiplayer this game is fantastic! 8/10 would play again!
game-hours: 2056.3
review: This game is an extremely fun game to play, yet others have said that the game gets boring because of it's slow paced turn based strategy style it's based on, that is exactly what makes this game so amazing because once you click end turn you won't know what's going to happen and it carries the message the game preaches which is to change the course of history and to make you strive to win using your head. I won't lie though, this game did kind of take me a while to get used to, primarily because I would always lose in many scenarios because of my lacking knowledge on the timetable aspect of this game, however if you play for at least 24, 48, or 72 hours and have watchedd other people play it you can definitly get the hang of this game. It just requires alot of thinking and time. It's like chess or a puzzle, it takes time and effot, but as the famous saying goes, practice makes perfect. Cheers!
game-hours: 460.3
review: Who needs to go outside?
game-hours: 543.9
review: 10/10 best 4X game ever
game-hours: 175.1
review: FOR THE TRUELLY FEARLESS AND HARDCORE STRATEGY GAMER SEE HOW U STAND UP TO A LEGIT TURN-BASED CAMPAIGN AND BE PROVEN HOW MUCH OF A  U REALLY ARE!!!!!
game-hours: 465.7
review: Amazing, im totally addicted... the DLC is heaven, its a recommended for new and old civ players :P
game-hours: 228.8
review: Best Civ Yet!!!!!
game-hours: 129.2
review: An excellent update to the classic series. The gameplay is streamlined but not simplified, and the hex-based map makes exploration easier and less time-consuming. The AI is a bit lacking, but Civ has always worked best in multiplayer. It also feels like this game lacks some of the character that Civ IV had. The soundtrack isn't as good and it's missing those classic Leonard Nimoy tech intros. All in all, a great game, but I'd stick to IV for single player.
game-hours: 605.4
review: Most historically correct  I've ever played. 10/10 Would get nuked by Ghandi again.
game-hours: 60.5
review: 10/10 would nuke Gandhi again
game-hours: 31.6
review: This is a game for people with big  7 inch plus only
game-hours: 238.5
review: Good game but terrible online connection issues which never get sorted.
game-hours: 219.8
review: Great strategy game. Better with friends. I recommend this game for everyone.
game-hours: 205.1
review: One of the best strategy games I've ever had the pleasure of playing, or simply losing a entire night of sleep to the replayable single player. This is one game that any strategy enthusiast, or casual player can enjoy!
game-hours: 485.2
review: a great game and fun to play in single and multiplayer
game-hours: 123.1
review: Might precipitate DVT, which later may lead to sudden pulmonary embolism and death. That one more turn might after all not worth it, so don't forget to take a 5 minute break every 1 or 2 hours. Cheers.
game-hours: 1465.8
review: An excellent addition to the Civilization library. The main game play will be familiar to players of the prequels; however the new game mechanics and graphics bring in a level of freshiness. Both of the expansions are wonderfully crafted, and elevate the enjoyment tremendously. This game is extremely addictive and highly re-playable.
game-hours: 214.7
review: its fun fun fun and more fun. you will play the whole day and you will still want more siv.
game-hours: 74.4
review: SARCASM WARNING Do you hate your friends? Do you want to hate your friends, then buy Civ V the greatest hate fuel of all. Watch as you and your friends scramble to build the best cultural buildings in all of history only to be beaten out by the AI players. Enjoy the rage between all of you as you try to move through borders and pledge war on eachother. Witness the expanding nations slowly taking over the map as you are raided by raging barbarians. TL:DR 10/10 would ruin friendships
game-hours: 2057.3
review: except the delays and lags in the mp game it is an excellent game
game-hours: 277.8
review: An overall fun game with tons of replay value that is detrimented by the sheer amount of DLC. If you didn't buy all the DLC from the get-go, enjoy forking out a bunch of cash to be able to enjoy the full game, or have fun in singleplayer since almost all multiplayer matches require DLC. edit: I managed to get two of the expansion packs and it makes the game more deep and enjoyable, but I still think those who are suckered into buying any other version that the complete edition are going to be disappointed at the money they have to spend to fully enjoy the game. Still a great game.
game-hours: 63.3
review: LOVE IT. on thing though, if ghandi invents nuclear elephants RUNNN
game-hours: 818.7
review: 1 more turn is needed
game-hours: 102.5
review: 9/10 "Just one more turn"
game-hours: 57.1
review: Just fantastic. All I can say. 11/10
game-hours: 16.4
review: This game is addictive. Really shallow without G&Kings and GOTY edition, but with those two DLC's it's incredibly complex, educational (I know!) and all in all, fun. Get it on sale as it's a popular sale title. Prepare to lose hours without even realizing it.
game-hours: 420.6
review: Fantastic game. Expansions add moreplay through possibilities.
game-hours: 237.5
review: Civ V is for gamers. Civ 4 is for lamers.
game-hours: 159.2
review: Incredibly addictive and very fun to play.
game-hours: 140.8
review: this  right here a
game-hours: 152.6
review: One word: addicting.
game-hours: 68.2
review: OH GANDHI CONGRATULATIONS ON BUILDING THE MANHATTAN PROJECT I WONDER WH-
game-hours: 46.8
review: I have never played any games in this series but honestly, I think this is my favorite strategy games. you take contol of you own civilization and choose if you want to be a militaristic empire or if you want to become allies with all the city states you find. I recommend this game to everyone. I've been hooked ever since I started playing.
game-hours: 282.3
review: This game is suck worth is. Now it is not as much worth it if you don't get the gold edition. Anyway if you like RTS games and don't own this, OWN THIS!
game-hours: 272.8
review: This is an excellent game. buy it twice, just so you know whats what.
game-hours: 422.4
review: Civilization V (complete) is easily one of the best TBS 4x games ever made.
game-hours: 65.2
review: Great game. Fun solo or with Friends.
game-hours: 108.5
review: Much time Such Strategy Wow
game-hours: 41.6
review: A nice game for heavy-weighters and black people!!
game-hours: 791.3
review: Sid Meier's latest entry in the award winning Civilization series is fantastic. It allows you to rule a country however you would like, be it peacefully allying yourself with others or steamrolling them with the feet of your armies. The two expansions, although steeply priced, is a must for the full experience and i reccomend the dlc strongly. If you love 4X games and have a lot of money in gifted steam cards, than i highly reccomend considering Civilization V. However, if you couldnt put a lot of time into one saved game (a standard game could be awhile,) then you might want to look at less time intensive titles. 10/10
game-hours: 52.2
review: Buy this game and it will eat your brains. 0/10 needs Shrek civ
game-hours: 551.0
review: It's a great game full of adventures and upgrades. You can research really excisting projects and monuments. It looks a bit like Age of Empires II, but I think this game is more fun (and more expensive).
game-hours: 294.6
review: Game constantly crashes, I rarely go 10 turns without having to restart the whole game; this is with running off 8 GB of ram with an intel core I5 processor. Very frustrating! On the rate occasion the game works it is a great game and highly addictive!
game-hours: 977.1
review: This is a good game but SOOO much DLC.... They want all our money
game-hours: 177.3
review: Dropped 32 nukes on the Iroquois, didnt even take there cities. Won a diplomatic victory. 10/10 would irrationaly nuke again.
game-hours: 86.3
review: fun strat game for all
game-hours: 128.6
review: Big fan, one of the best in the series.
game-hours: 621.3
review: Great game you can come back to time and time and time again
game-hours: 215.8
review: This is my go to game for burning a morning away. With so many variables in how you play and how AI/other players can play, the game has so much replayability. The graphics are well done and the music is beautiful. Gameplay is easy to pick up. There really is no "right" or "wrong" way to play, only ways that work for you or don't. So many different ways you could take this. Warfare, diplomacy, keep to yourself and pray, etc. A great game in a long line of amazing games in the series.
game-hours: 811.8
review: Since everyone else is placing their reviews, and having around 30-50 hours of gametime, I figured I'd put my word in and close the time gap. This game is AMAZING, you will NOT regret getting it. It's not a waste of time, nor is it a waste of money. This game will have you playing it over and over repeatedly. Replay value? Definately a lot. In fact, if you were to buy this game right now, and you've liked the gameplay videos and screenshots, I'm positive you'd like to play the game for yourself. Go ahead and buy it if it's your cup of tea! It's very fun, and you'll enjoy yourself. :)
game-hours: 39.1
review: Yes. Game addicting and fun. Frusterating sometimes but good. I like being Washington.
game-hours: 203.5
review: Best Game ever!
game-hours: 285.2
review: <3
game-hours: 93.0
review: DO you have lots of friends that love eachother! well this game is perfect for you! it has a few side effects though... 1. watch your friendships crumble to pieces in a matter of minutes! 2.Discover that paranoid side of you that you never thought you had. 3. Greed (that is all) SO ENJOY HATING YOUR FRIENDS! If you dont have friends well...try single player and GET NUKED BY GHANDI! HAVE FUN!
game-hours: 62.7
review: Civilization V is really addicting! When you buy the Complete Edition, you save a ton of money if you want the DLC... I logged 32 hours and I just bought it this week... In my opinion, it is great, no second thoughts on this game...
game-hours: 311.9
review: Awesome game if you have the time, this is arguably THE urn based strategy to get and it is my most played steam game even though I'm more of an fps kind of guy. Will definitely find a place in your top games list.
game-hours: 743.7
review: Sleep? oh i rember that.
game-hours: 180.3
review: Who wouldn't like to play as Gandhi and just own everybody's faces? Because that's what this game makes him look like. Just kidding, it's lovely and absolutely fabulous. 10/10 Swedish great people.
game-hours: 360.3
review: Great game---Just completing the steam badge :)
game-hours: 100.4
review: An easy way to spend hours alone or with friends! This is an overall awesome multiplayer strategy game.
game-hours: 2403.0
review: harald bluetooth walks off the set when caught spying splash
game-hours: 542.4
review: Average time spent per login: 500 minutes straight Buy this .
game-hours: 142.3
review: Awesome game if you don't have midterms to study for (time consuming and drags you in).
game-hours: 1033.2
review: Love this game and the xpacs. I'm pushing 1000 played hours and still find ways to have fun with this game!
game-hours: 160.5
review: I hope you have a lot of hours of sleep to spare. Civilization V is a very complex turn-based strategy game. For newcomers, it's easy to understand and grasp the basics, but under the surface there is a lot of room for planning, decisions to make and strategies to use. After you've learned the basics you'll learn the other aspects of the game mostly by trial and error. You'll find out that making a lot of cities needs to be balanced with happiness, and that it isn't a very good idea to settle on nothing but tundra. This game isn't so much about being able to do a lot of actions in as little time as possible, or very quick reflexes. Planning and strategic measures are much more effective than producing buildings on impulse. Diplomacy is a big factor, when you start a match you don't necessarily think of ways to destroy your enemy. There are multiple ways to victory, sometimes it's better to befriend your opponent to make deals that make your civilization stronger, or assist eachother in times of need. Not to say warfare isn't an option. Taking down a city (or a civilization) requires a lot of strategy and planning, you'll have to keep in mind cities can be tough to take down if they have a lot of defensive structures or defensive units within borders, and you can't simply walk over most cities with just a few cheap units. It's easier to be defensive than to be the attacker. These and many more mechanics make Civ 5 as interesting and entertaining as it is. You'll find yourself keep wanting to press next turn, seeing what effect your moves made, if your scout will get away or get trampled by those units on the other side of the forest, et cetera. The diplomacy gives a lot of options for mindgames, betrayal and friendship. Surprising your ally who is about to take a cultural victory by launching an invasion assisted by a nuclear missile can be completely game-changing if executed well. I highly recommend this game to anyone remotely interested in this game, it's timeless.
game-hours: 147.7
review: THe game is really good. I have spent about a good bit of time playing. Its not a total waste of money. The game feels more like a simulator than strategy. All the CPUS can have different personalitys and actually have a think more. Even on Easy the CPUS are making good descisions. The game also lets you choose a historical figure such as Alexander the Great, Washington, Ramses, Elizabeth, and Augustus Caesar. Multiplaye is pretty good to. With a special chat syste, you not really need any voice speaking. All the mechanics make the game intresting and fun. I would say Sid did a good job on this game. My Rating is 9/10 (THis game is one of the best I have seen)
game-hours: 974.6
review: Great game.
game-hours: 210.7
review: I originally got this for me and a friend to play together a few years back and to be totally honest the game is amazing. I would of course at least reccomend playing the demo to see if you're into this kind of thing but Civilization V is a very fun game and its great to play with your friends!
game-hours: 280.7
review: is good
game-hours: 52.9
review: Very addictive game.. Just.. one.. more.. turn.. :)
game-hours: 74.6
review: There's no such thing as a 'quick game' in Civilization V. And the thought of 'just one more turn, then I'll...' will creep up and gobble up your time. It's immersive, looks good and there's so many options that you'll be a bit overwhelmed if you've never played a Civ before. Playing the board game isn't a really good reference, I might add. Luckily, I had help with learning the game and once you have, it's just great fun. Keep a clock nearby, though. It won't be long before you think it's just past 11 and it really is 2 AM.
game-hours: 143.9
review: I've been playing Sid Meier's Civilization games since the first one came out in the early 1990's. The series has given me hours of entertainment and more than a few nights of missed sleep. Civilization V was a bit shaky at launch, but the developers seem to have worked out the bugs, and it is now an excellent game.
game-hours: 190.9
review: Great game! It seems like it would be really boring at first, but I ended up playing this for 5 hours straight the night I bought it. As you play, you learn more about the inner mechanics of the game and you start molding your personal strategy for success.
game-hours: 335.5
review: This game has amazing replayability on its own, but woth Steam workshop it never gets dull.
game-hours: 190.5
review: A very good multiplayer experience as well as single player, truly worth every penny spent
game-hours: 609.4
review: i r8 8/8
game-hours: 141.0
review: Too many hours spent on this game. 10/10, would waste day on for one more turn again.
game-hours: 72.2
review: You can nuke Gandhi in this game 10/10
game-hours: 200.0
review: E um timo jogo! Eu jogos outros jogos, mas depois de um tempo  sempre Civilization que eu volto a jogar.
game-hours: 129.9
review: absolutely glorious game to play when your abusive parents lock you in a dark room with only a computer with this game installed 69/-400,000 i burn down cities
game-hours: 60.3
review: Bloody addictive. Play at your own risk!
game-hours: 105.4
review: it's a great game to play with your friends.
game-hours: 118.0
review: Excellent game. The best of the Civilization games yet.
game-hours: 171.9
review: sush swag very mafia
game-hours: 193.4
review: Awesome strategy game, that gives you the opportunity, to play as you like!
game-hours: 14.2
review: Once you learn how to ing play it correctly... Holy ...
game-hours: 790.0
review: just one more hour... oh look, the sun is coming up
game-hours: 33.4
review: gud gam
game-hours: 12.5
review: This Gandhi guy...
game-hours: 283.5
review: 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 11.5
review: Love this game!
game-hours: 188.9
review: Start with nothing and build a global empire, use diplomacy, trade, economic sanctions and brute force to expand over your foes. Re-enact real life histrorical events such as; Ghandi being a  and nuking your cities in 1700 AD. Queen Elizabeth lecturing you on your expansionist policies. and much much more... Fun game to play, but it's such a time sync it's unreal, start a game at midday on a saturday, and you won't have finished it by the next week. Fun & lengthy gameplay, 8/10 would recommend.
game-hours: 169.1
review: researching mathematics and engineering without writing 10/10
game-hours: 41.5
review: Very fun game. If you're a fan of strategy games, this is a must play.
game-hours: 1339.0
review: This game is addictive for any RTS or world-builder fan. The addition of the Gods & Kings DLC though truly makes this a must-have. The Gods & Kings DLC completely rebalances and overhauls the game in too many ways to list, starting with the wonders, the buildings, the units, the combat system, diplomacy, navel warefare, and adds religion and espionage elements to the game for the truly detail-oriented RTS gamers that enjoy maximizing their strategies. There are few things left to critique with the G&K expansion now added, other than perhaps the sheer length of time a "standard" turn game will require! The only major issue consumers need to be aware the map pack DLC is for single player only, which is unfortunately as multiplayer would greatly benefit from the revised, fixed, or tweaked stock maps it includes.
game-hours: 125.5
review: Is an awesome game! When you start it, it's hard to stop!
game-hours: 92.9
review: Brillant game. If you have got the time than it is worth buying it.
game-hours: 44.4
review: Great game! It is fun multiplayer and singleplayer! It goes on sale all the time as well, so practically nobody has to pay full price.
game-hours: 557.5
review: An excellent game, i'm mainly doing this for the badge. This game has served up hundreds of hours of my time, and if you enjoy strategy and intelligent playstyle, this game is for you. Although playable by the laidback consumer, the game truly shines when one is a hardcore strategist and can enjoy exploring the mechanics of the game.
game-hours: 231.9
review: This game is crack addicting. GET IT! ... Dan!
game-hours: 217.7
review: i like this game because its fun and a stategy and shut up
game-hours: 191.6
review: America sucks in this game, so no historical accuracy, and Brazil is never in  jungle, and diplomacy is royally ed, but still an immensely fun game
game-hours: 556.4
review: This game are fun and all the achivment you can get do it more intresting game. One of the best game ever created in this kind of games ever.
game-hours: 1198.5
review: This game is by far the biggest time suck I have ever installed. I've been playing Civ since the first one came out on my dad's Pentium and have probably logged more hours at it than at any job I've ever held. Not that I haven't worked full time, just that when Civilization takes over, sometimes is 24 hours a day for a whole weekend. Not a game for the feint of heart or those with many commitments and tight schedules.
game-hours: 254.3
review: It's Civilization V... Theres not much left to be said other then that... If you dont have it, or have played it Your not a True Strategy gamer.
game-hours: 112.1
review: You will say "Just one more turn" and suddenly it's 2 hours later.
game-hours: 105.7
review: Good turn-based strategy!
game-hours: 156.3
review: A fun and strategic game that allows you to build an empire though time. I highly recommened this game. It's worth the money
game-hours: 183.1
review: Missionaries of Biggus Dickus have spread their seeds through the world. 10/10
game-hours: 867.6
review: This game has added a new element to combat different to other civ games which is the innability to stack troops which i find adds a fundamental strength to the strategy of units
game-hours: 61.1
review: I think everyone should play this game because it is the best game on earth.
game-hours: 343.1
review: you'll sell your friends for salt.
game-hours: 438.0
review: the best game ever
game-hours: 171.8
review: SWEET MOTHER OF GOAT ! You see this  right here? This is  CIVILIZATION V, AND AFTER PLAYING THIS YOU WILL WANT TO SWALLOW EVERY DROP OF SID MEIER'S ! So, here's the skinny,  ; You pick an ancient (or not-so-ancient, I don't ing care) civilization leader and your job is to become the best  civilization that the world has ever seen! You can win this  by diplomacy (), culture (all the mothering paintings, !)... oh, who am I kidding, YOU WANT TO TAKE YOUR ARMY AND  EVERY ORIFICE OF YOUR OPPONENTS!!! GIVE THEM THE HOT, THROBBING ROD OF JUSTICE YOU SON OF A MOTHERLESS !!! THIS GAME WILL GIVE YOUR MEANINGLESS LIFE SOME PURPOSE,  SPELUNKER!!! PUT SOME HAIR ON YOUR BALLS (OR VAG, WHICH-THE--EVER) AND CIV THAT  OR SO HELP ME GOD I WILL EMPREGNATE YOUR MOTHER AND PUSH HER DOWN A FLIGHT OF ING STAIRS!!!
game-hours: 453.6
review: Yes.
game-hours: 83.2
review: Every CIV and city state in one of my singleplayer games allied against me and destroyed me for no reason 10/10 makes me want to kill myself
game-hours: 30.7
review: A massive ing timesink, definitely fun when playing with friends, I'm not too big on this kind of game tho so I can't say how it compares to others in the category.
game-hours: 50.7
review: So far, I've gotten salt in the ground. How can you resist that!?
game-hours: 172.5
review: awesome
game-hours: 179.5
review: This game is ridiculously addicting. Would definitely recommend as it is a great strategy game.
game-hours: 1325.0
review: I love this game you should get all the dlc
game-hours: 124.2
review: This game is awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 246.6
review: Best.Game.Ever.
game-hours: 115.9
review: i made a civilization in this game. a civilization of fun!!! (not the band)
game-hours: 11.5
review: good game if you have time for one game.
game-hours: 163.7
review: Three words best game ever!! Great game to kill time.
game-hours: 90.2
review: Great game but will take a some time to finish it...
game-hours: 35.2
review: Highly recommended for 4X game lovers!
game-hours: 195.6
review: One of the best incarnations of the Civ series. I know a lot of the hardcore players mourn the loss of the unit stack, but I prefer the one unit per tile style, even if the implementation has a few issues. With so many difficulty options, I recommend this to just about anyone. Start on the easy difficulty and work your way up. I'm still missing a win on the absolute top difficulty, but I'll get it eventually!
game-hours: 216.3
review: If you don't have this game, you're not a true PC gamer (kidding).
game-hours: 49.1
review: Gandhi declared war on the U.S and won. 10/10
game-hours: 24.1
review: *Looks at clock* "oh ok its 16:30 i have got plenty of time" *15 minutes later looks again, its 5:30*
game-hours: 77.0
review: One of the most time consuming and fun games i have ever played, like one match takes about and around 8 hours, on easy
game-hours: 147.9
review: Me and civilization go way back and to be honest, this installation didnt speak to me at once. It is far less advance then the fourth and that can be a disappointment for some old timers like me. But if u give it time you will see that the new battle-system makes this a much more enjoyable combative experience than any in the series. A must buy for everyone, experience players will awe, after some time. New players will find this much more enjoyable then the fourth.
game-hours: 161.6
review: god damn this game is amazing
game-hours: 43.5
review: first game 200 turns in kicked gandhi out of Delhi in south scotland have 20ish cities ( next highest is 6) my people are happy followers of blitzkrieg ....... what time is it?
game-hours: 51.6
review: Faith is an option
game-hours: 92.5
review: This is the best Civ game I have ever played.
game-hours: 169.6
review: I was just strolling around during the Industrial Era as the Germans and I see some Indian Troops. I befriend them not knowing what horror I unleashed upon my 3 city empire. He comes two turns later and offers me open borders, and I accept, assuming he is really chill dude. I send out two of my heavily promoted riflemen that defend my main cities when all of a sudden Ghandi sends his troops straight at all of cities except Berlin. I thought that he just sent them to protect me assuming that he may have believe to be an attack from the Japanese that I was at war with, even though the fighting stopped for a while. Next turn I get a declaration of war from Ghandi. Feeling very betrayed, I sent my cannons towards his modern infantry with all of my might. After this, I see a horrible sight... from all of his cities (about 5 or 6) he sent nukes at all of my cities and right infront of my riflemen, cutting them off from saving us from what happened next. Seven Modern Infantry come rolling in at my final doorstep. In an attempt to stop them, I spend my whole treasurey on troops to defend, only to be attacked head on by Ghandi. My whole lifes work, down the drain. NEVER TRUST GHANDI! By the way, great game!
game-hours: 201.2
review: Great turn based strategy game. Very in-depth with lots of worthwhile DLC available that adds significatly to gameplay.
game-hours: 314.6
review: Hands down the best strategy game you will play. Given the complexity of the game, the learning curve is steep, but not THAT steep. I've invested 200+ hours into the game and am still learning new things. Many improves in V make this game not only more approachable, but tactically different than it's predecessors. Various victory conditions and civilizations to play make this game such an amazing feat by Firaxis Games. A must buy!
game-hours: 228.0
review: Never played a Civ game before I played this one and it is a lot of fun. Even without the DLC I played about 40 hours and with the expansions it is even more addicting. I bought it when it was on sale, but it's definitely worth full price.
game-hours: 175.3
review: Civilization series were always the most addicting, difficult and rewarding games ever. Civilization 5, alone or with Gods and Kings & Brave New World is the most time consuming devil that posses your time and will never give it back. Although your only way to resist is to click NEXT TURN and bring glory to your civilization. Most complex game with many victory types, strategies, difficulty levels (from easiest for even strategy noobies to most experienced generales who were raised with RTS by their sides), units, resources, everything... This game has everything that us - 'nerds' love. And you can read a book in one time while playing on Huge map around Atomic Era :D
game-hours: 12.2
review: That ghandi guy is really helpful.
game-hours: 425.6
review: Amazing Game that forces you to balance between being nice with others and destroying your enemies to expand your empire.
game-hours: 120.1
review: Awesome game with the DLC but the standard version is missing a lot of stuff from older civs. Buy in bundle if price is reduced, but not only main game.
game-hours: 598.9
review: It's like Risk, but no one is liable to flip the table on you! The DLC is must have and the Workshop community downloads are great for improving or mixing things up!
game-hours: 296.1
review: Really enjoyable game, extremely easy to sink hours and hours into it thanks to its good replay value.
game-hours: 201.2
review: Solid strategy game, but make sure you have time on your hands if you want to jump into this game. Although it is quite time consuming, the size of this game is just unbelievable. A whole variety of civilizations, maps, victory types and military units cause you to mix different strategies to best conform with the current world, which is pretty swell.
game-hours: 138.9
review: Great game with lots of hours of gameplay multiplayer and singleplayer. Well done 2K Games for a great strategy. If you want a pack i would recommend getting complete edition as it comes with most DLC's and is worth the money. Great game, Great game. Looking forward to the future of the game!! :)
game-hours: 63.4
review: If you like games similar to COD, BF, or other first person shooters go ahead and buy this game its basically an upgraded cod clone.
game-hours: 35.5
review: >stroll into my local GameStop >looking to pick up a copy of Civilization V >grab the game and take it to the charming maiden at the register >"Pardon me, milady...but could you ring me up? A shame I don't have your number or I'd ring you up instead..." >she giggles and takes the game, blushing as her fingers brush mine due to my fingerless gloves >her eyes widen as she reads the game's title >"Wow, I've never seen anyone buy this before! You must have special taste!" >I smile and ready a witty response when suddenly a voice rings out from behind >"Hahaha look at what this  is buying! That's not Call of Duty! What a piece of !" >I quickly turn around, my cloak billowing behind me, to discern the source of the rude outburst >generic dudebro caricature with a sports team cap and "the guy that beat you up that one time behind the school in early October" shirt is standing there guffawing >"Excuse me sir...you may disparage my person if you wish, but it is untoward to swear in front of a lady." >" you !" >I smile quietly and tip my fedora low across my eyes, concealing them >"As you wish..." >I quickly swing my cane into his kneecap before he can react >he bellows and charges forward >I expertly sidestep him and the cashier screams as he crashes into the counter >I draw my sword-cane and mutter a quiet oath as I drive it deep into his back >"...requiescat in pace..." >As I clean my blade the girl walks out from behind the counter, twirling her hair with her fingers >"So...maybe you'd like to come over to my place to play that game sometime...? >"No thanks, milady, it's single player only. Besides..." >I sheath my sword >"You're not my type." >skate away on my Heelys
game-hours: 621.2
review: One of the best games I've ever played. Even better with DLC.
game-hours: 424.5
review: Do you want to know what it is like to be addicted? Then buy the game and forget about sleep, life,and friends. To me this game is more fun singleplayer than multiplayer.
game-hours: 513.3
review: Great gameplay, decent graphics, cool system, fun for the brain, simply awsome!
game-hours: 683.7
review: Great game! Plenty of variety, replay value, victory conditions etc...
game-hours: 17.6
review: 11/10 would play agian m8
game-hours: 430.4
review: Absolut geil. Wie bei dem Vorgnger ist es schn, das man auf verschiedene Arten gewinnen kann und so viele verschiedene Mglichkeiten hat, um den Spielverlauf immer wieder neu zu gestalten. Allerdings ist es sehr schade, dass die Unterschiede zwischen den Vlkern nicht sonderlich gro sind, auch wenn die Unterschiede nun schon strker sind als bei Civ 4. Insgesamt geshen ist es sehr gut, hat definitiv Suchtpotential und kann sich ohne Probleme in die erfolgreiche Civilization`s Reihe eingliedern.
game-hours: 45.0
review: best game na
game-hours: 297.7
review: A very fun turn based strategy game, Civ 5 is one of the best PC games I have ever played. No two games will be exactly alike, and you can play with 8+ friends in one game in the multiplayer. This is one of the games that got me into PC gaming, and it was my first steam game ever.
game-hours: 100.0
review: A beautifully crafted game!
game-hours: 299.4
review: This game is one of the best games i found, i love it alot and play it quite a bit.
game-hours: 181.9
review: Great game, awesome value when on steam sale
game-hours: 204.7
review: Magnificent!
game-hours: 463.3
review: This Game ruined my life.
game-hours: 197.6
review: Very much recommended. Can seem boring at first(especially if you aren't familiar with the series' earlier games), but once you get into it, there's no going back :D Deep and addictive gameplay.
game-hours: 491.3
review: Smashingly Brilliant
game-hours: 1497.0
review: I was first introduced to Civilization on PS3, After playing it and having a blast conquering the game. I started looking for ports of it on the PC. At this pivitol moment I had discovered Civiliazation 5 along with steam. Playing this game ( as a person who loves RTS games and grew up with commmand and conquer and other such games) I had a near instant Gamegazm and almost creamed myself. (metaphorically speaking) The Lush, Deep and imersive strategy along with slew of subjective style win-scenarios (technology, culture, domination etc.) was great. The Choices for Leaders and empires is also well diversed and colourful in its own right. This game is very addictive and with all the DLC thats available for it makes it truly one of greats. if I were to say anything bad about this game. it would have to be that my computer is not good enough to run it in its full glory. My rating for this is 10/10
game-hours: 142.0
review: Solo or with a group this is a fantasticly in depth game.
game-hours: 546.5
review: >Boot up Civ 5 at 7PM >Multiplayer >Host game >Invite Friends >Start game >???? >5AM
game-hours: 292.1
review: As a loooong time Civ player I was a little underwhelmed by the inital Civ V offering, though it was a good base. But with the first expansion it achieves a lof the potential I had hoped for. Awesome game, there's a reason so many people are always playing it.
game-hours: 99.9
review: Nice
game-hours: 6.3
review: Really great turn based strategy game, 9/10 -IGN
game-hours: 331.5
review: how do i close this game? plz help
game-hours: 60.5
review: gay
game-hours: 201.3
review: Wow this is so fun! (15 min in). Awesome, gunpowder! ( 1 hour in.) Nice, military science! (2 hours in.) Wow nanotech... wait, why is it so dark outside? (10 hours in.)
game-hours: 53.0
review: If this game was a potato, then it would be a good potato.
game-hours: 230.1
review: Addiction is an understate as the famous Sid said "One More Turn"
game-hours: 54.5
review: ihan jees mut en nauttinut tekolyst
game-hours: 195.1
review: The best strategy game I've ever played. It's replayability is its best feature.
game-hours: 92.6
review: I can finally nuke North Korea 10/10 would nuke again
game-hours: 110.4
review: Very well done game, Everyone should be playing this!
game-hours: 79.8
review: I like cats.
game-hours: 257.2
review: Best game you will ever buy
game-hours: 87.8
review: You get to conquer the world as a Mongolian nuff said
game-hours: 33.0
review: This is just one of the most awesome games, can't wait to the next one
game-hours: 30.4
review: This game has and always will hold a special place in my heart and steam collection. It is one of the best games I have ever played and it is such a major time hole that you may start the game and never return to reality.
game-hours: 88.6
review: Easy to learn, but hard to master. This game is easily the BEST turn based strategy game to this day. With many steam sales putting Civ on sale (due to it being slightly old), it makes it an even easier purchase. With capability with the workshop and plenty of DLCs, you can't really run out of things to do.
game-hours: 21.0
review: Just one more turn... This game is near perfection for the RTS genre.
game-hours: 185.8
review: i ing love this game ive had it for 2 months, it runs on any computer
game-hours: 44.3
review: BUY NOW! hours of gameplay and time to waste
game-hours: 448.8
review: Best game ever can i always have a fun time playing this game
game-hours: 75.4
review: great
game-hours: 400.9
review: Amazing game, would recommend to everybody who likes longer games or has the time to play them , good subsitute for shooters and adventure games. 9.9999999/10
game-hours: 67.2
review: Best Game Ever! Must Buy!
game-hours: 1027.8
review: good game but long loading between turns
game-hours: 175.6
review: fantastic
game-hours: 40.3
review: Oh Man. 10/10 Soon I'll Nuke England. GG Washington Founded Buddhism.
game-hours: 257.7
review: [Review Updated for Brave New World] When I'd bought Civilization V (Vanilla) I really didn't think of it as a worthy successor to the amazing lineage of Civilization games. Succeeding a gem like Civilization IV would've been a tough act to follow in and of itself but with the vast number of changes and omissions, the game felt, to put it quite lightly, empty. With the addition of 'Gods and Kings' spicing up early game and 'Brave New World' adding tonnes of options to the late game, I must admit that the game now feels quite complete. Moreover, I can say with some confidence that the intention of Firaxis had always been create a decent base with the Vanilla and add features on top with multitudes of DLCs and expansions. While I do not necessarily agree with their approach, it has been quite successful: both from a critical and commercial standpoint. Brave New Worlds adds a plethora of mid and late game options to the core game play. You can now generate 'Tourism' from some of your wonders and buildings and augment it using Great Works of Writing, Art and Music. You can also commission Archaeologists to dig up antiquity sites and discover artifacts. As the power of your Tourism (they could've probably used a better word for it) grows and surpasses the Culture output of other civilizations, a Cultural victory becomes possible. The game also introduces the World Congress (which morphs into the UN in later eras) where you can vote on game changing resolutions which can either give you a significant boost or hamper the progress of your foes. Once the UN is formed, you have a chance to attain a Diplomatic victory once you get enough votes (from in game delegates). The game manages to capture the political machinations behind the resolutions quite well even though the AI behavior still remains finicky at best. The social policy tree has also been overhauled and gives you an option of choosing between 3 Ideologies in the mid-late game: Freedom, Autocracy and Order (aka Democracy, Fascism and Socialism). An ideology gives your civilization some unique bonuses (in the form of more policy options) which can lend themselves to particular types of victories. There are again political connotations of choosing the ideology and your relations with other leaders will be influenced by their own leanings. All of these features add a very interesting element of strategy to the gameplay and ensure that winning the game in an entirely peaceful manner is no longer a boring proposition. I still have some qualms with the essential gameplay elements and I feel that the devs could have done a lot more with the expansion packs than they have. But with the addition of this new expansion pack, Civilization V can finally be called a worthy successor to Civilization IV!
game-hours: 92.5
review: Never thought i'd like this but this is awesome!
game-hours: 86.8
review: Fun and addictive. If you start a game, be sure to bring plenty of snacks and water because you'll be here a while. I always end up warmongering for one reason or another.
game-hours: 61.5
review: Hours wasted, friendships broken, in' Gandhi, in' Frank and his Japanese ery.
game-hours: 273.8
review: Has military unit called Giant Death Robot. 5 stars
game-hours: 46.0
review: Is good
game-hours: 435.7
review: This game is ing fabulous. Highly recommended. The Gods & Kings and Brave New World expansion packs are a must have.
game-hours: 496.8
review: What can I say about this game? If you've ever played previous iterations of this game (I started with Civilization II), then you're probably already addicted and own it. For newcomers, I think Firaxis have done an amazing job simplifying the UI and providing useful prompts for new mechanics as they appear, so this is a great version to start with. Even with the simplifications, all the depth you'd expect from this game is still there and you can expose it easily (the city management screen for example). With the Gods & Kings and Brave New World DLC, Firaxis have made what I think is by far the most entertaining Civilization yet! So, to summarise: buy this game if you have any love for strategy and a w streak. Just be prepared to lose entire days to it.
game-hours: 194.8
review: This is a game you can easily lose a day too. 4x games always look incredibly boring too watch but once you start playing one you just can't stop. Gods and Kings and Brave New World are pretty much required too get as the base game was a little too basic. The five different victroy types make finding new strategy's all the more fun.
game-hours: 183.7
review: its great
game-hours: 406.5
review: good
game-hours: 169.3
review: I whole heartedly love this game the first day i got it i spent the whole day with my friend playing it. Stayed up till 6 a.m. This game is one of my top 10 its easy to pick up and play .The games are long but you can change settings to make it shorter this games makes me feel like the creator had the consumer in mind while creating this game 9/10
game-hours: 348.3
review: If I had to tell anyone who wanted to know why they should play Civ 5, this is why. A lot of people, including me, find the game really fun, addictive and even interesting in some respects, with all of the historical content. Metacritic even gave the game a 90/100 avarage score rating for goodness sake and it's consistently one of the most top played games on Steam. Yes, some people might consider the multiplay not as good as the single player, but even then, it still has it's moments and as you are playing with people, the challenge is possibaly quite high. Finally, as AngryJoe said in his review for Civ 5, the game is more focused towards the non and casual gameing market and was made for people like me, who hadn't played a single Civ title before, as it is supposed to be more simple for non and casual gamers to play. However, this doesn't mean that the game is easy, as the game is still very challenging and with all the mods and DLC which come with Civ 5, this game is sure to make you exited on your next playthrough! If I had to rate this game out of 10, I would give it a 8/10 for the standalone game and a 9-10/10 with the Brave New World and Gods and Kings expantion packs/DLC! As of yet, this has been the most played game I've played on Steam, having played it for around 224 hours, according to Steam, and is one of, if not, my most favorite games of all time!
game-hours: 237.9
review: if u hav sweg u pray dis gayme- spoderman
game-hours: 77.6
review: dis is da best game eva so buy it!!!
game-hours: 170.1
review: One of the best co-op games around. It is very much a strategic game while being fun all at once. You get to rule an empire while attempting to crush the other ones. It's great.
game-hours: 540.3
review: One of my favorite series of all time, this game is what strategy games should look up to, it covers humanity's progress from the stone age up until their first starship to another galaxy (and Mechs!). the scope here is unparalleled. there is an argument that this version is worse than 4, and that might be true, however, there are aspects here that have improved the game overall, the AI for one, the diplomacy is much more balanced, the Hex grid adds a superior layer of strategy to the previous square one, and the fact that you cannot stack your units anymore eliminated that dreaded attack with all units tactic. I would also recommend playing this with the Brave New World expansion, which adds several elements to the game (especially social and trade) and to a lesser extent the Gods and Kings expansion that adds religion and add to both the new civs and wonders which also add a new layer of strategy. this is perhaps one of the best strategy games of all time and is highly recommended
game-hours: 368.6
review: a truly perfect turn based strategy game
game-hours: 115.9
review: Luv this game so much recomend to anyone if you love any type of stategy even if you arent into turn based it is soooooo adicting. definitly get the complete edition definitely worth it. you could hate video games and fall in love with Civ V
game-hours: 291.3
review: Easily one of the best games i've ever played. I Played this game on single player for days without getting bored and could play it almost endlessly with friends on multiplayer.
game-hours: 280.8
review: It's an exhausting game to play, but once you have the BNW expansion, it's also one of the best strategy games you'll get your hands on. **Edit:** I have now played the game long enough to know what all my quirks with the game is. I still believe it's a really good game. For a future Civ game, i'd LOVE to see a pitboss mode that allows you to use a shared steamcloud save, and gave steam notifications when it is your turn, rather than having a dedicated server running hosting the game 24/7 while it is played (which could be months potentially). A pitboss mode like this would be even more attractive if a future civ game was focused more around optimization and lightweight-ness than pretty polygons. The perfect civ would be an epic game spanding several months, where it'd take you 20 seconds to sign in, take a turn, and leave the game again.
game-hours: 48.0
review: The temptation that is a Steam sale is too much for one with a will as weak as mine. At first you remember the strategy games you used to play, CnC, Starcraft, LotR B4ME. You then run the game to get serenaded by it's wonderfully, eloquent intro. You then play the tutorial, as this game is more in depth than Justin Bieber's social life. Never did I think this game would suck up so many hours of my time. A tutorial, which took me a good 12 hours as I went and read what things do, and think of what I should do depending on the situation. You will learn to hate barbarians, you will learn to hate them, and then you will destroy them. The satisfaction of getting the barbarians away from your Capital, and saving your first workers is just too much. If you play this game you will forget what day of the week it is, and realize that you got fired from your job for playing Civ 5 for 3 days.
game-hours: 662.6
review: Lots of fun, I recommend mods also
game-hours: 39.7
review: Amazing game, Played it for weeks, not as much as Garrys mod but still alot.
game-hours: 2.7
review: If you want to get nuked by gandhi, then this game is for you. 10/10 would get nuked again
game-hours: 443.5
review: gosh i cant get enough of this game
game-hours: 75.0
review: Ill just play for half an hour. 10 hours later... Just one more turn.
game-hours: 71.0
review: Its actually good and i don't even like strategy games.
game-hours: 31.4
review: gam is fun, wold reccomind this 2 ppeople out ther. -suggestionz: kim jong-un DLC : adolph hilter DLC if u c dis, show 2 gayben, plis. This gaem is r8 8/8 m8 (i mastrb8)
game-hours: 37.9
review: Fun to play with 2 other people. Games can last quite a while but they are never dull and there is always deep strategy involved.
game-hours: 172.8
review: + Nice game. - Loading time is horrible.
game-hours: 10.0
review: I've never played any other strategy games likes this before, but that didn't stop me from getting addicted to this. My first night, I played something like seven hours.
game-hours: 109.8
review: Civilization, you are my doom, my bane, my everything, my love. You keep me so busy I forget the world. You are great in so many ways, and hurt me in so many others. Great game though, seriously, I've always loved the series, and this one has a special place in my gaming library now after so much time in it. I always enjoy what comes with my Civ games.
game-hours: 167.5
review: wow so fun and great buy now
game-hours: 245.1
review: Love this game!
game-hours: 25.1
review: Love this game... I myself am a huge fan of the Civ series
game-hours: 13.8
review: Great fun with friends!
game-hours: 84.1
review: If you wanna be trapped in your room by the chrystal meth of turn based strategy for days.This is an absolute recommendation.If you still have a job and family this'll strain your relationships for a few weeks.
game-hours: 193.4
review: Amazing game
game-hours: 55.0
review: I'm gay, no one will see this hahahaha :)
game-hours: 217.2
review: The best shortcut to death.
game-hours: 146.1
review: i recommend buying this game
game-hours: 111.2
review: Civ is Civ and will always hold a special place in my heart, I played Civ 2 the year it came out while in the 8th grade. A few years later I got a free copy of Civ 1 on a PC Gamer CD and played them both for many years. I love this game as I am not very good at RTS games these days because I can not keep up with all the clicking and multi-tasking. Civ 5 is a lot of fun if you like to stratergise as there are always plenty of factors to consider with every move in the later game. The average time I spend on a skirmish is about 6 hours so don't plan to have a quick 30 minute game before bed as you will be chanting... one... more... turn... as the sun comes up. I used to play this game with my house mate when he had trouble sleeping... 30 turns in and he's out like a light. I hope you all enjoy this game as much as I do!
game-hours: 247.8
review: I definetely recommend this game to anyone who enjoys RTS games. One of my previous RTS favorites was Age of Empires II & III, and I wondered if it was anything like it. The answer is not really. This game has more depth into advancement for your empire, and it is a TURN BASED game. Also be warned that this game will suck up HOURS of your time, as it can be very addicting and games do indeed last a long time typically. You can however, speed things up by changing your settings to create and research things quicker (taking less turns to do stuff). The game might be a little complicated at first and a bit discouraging when you see so many different stats to keep track for, but it's not as bad as it looks and it won't take long before you start getting the hang of how everything works. Also, if you are Hosting Multiplayer, be sure to uncheck Quick Combat in your host settings if you want attack animations enabled for online play. I mention this because I thought it was bugged or thought thats just how the game was, got me quite frustrated for a bit there before I found out how to enable it. I personally would not pay full price for this game however, I bought the Complete Edition when it was on sale for $16.49. (67% off) SCORE: 9.5/10
game-hours: 81.4
review: Sooooooooooooo Good yooooo, if you don't have this game yet than your missing out! 10/10 Sick Brah!
game-hours: 20.7
review: Was Only Going To Play It For An Hour Or So But Spent Hours On Ends Playing It So Good!!
game-hours: 84.3
review: Thought I'd choose Ghandi as an ally because, well you know, he's a nice guy. Was later invaded by this 'nice guy' while I was entirely preoccupied by my conquering of Russia. 10/10 Right in the .
game-hours: 74.6
review: I must say this game is awesome,had played civ IV but this is way better its very complex you can control a nation from stone age til present you can choose what kind of style you like to play war or diplomacy(in many cases you will be forced to go war on other nations). Also there are city-states by helping them either destroy another city-state or build a wonder you will have benfit with troops or other useful things. The gameplay is smooth the graphics are fine so its worth of time playing(also to mention if you in a hurry or simply dont have time dont play this game because its too freaking long). You can choose from many difficulty if you are new player and dont know anything about it, the game will guide you and explain every mechanic or should i say what is useful for the type of game you want to play. Overall this game is very fun i highly recommend it.
game-hours: 16.1
review: Spent 6 hours playing one match with friends... then everyone got bored and went to sleep. 10/10 Would kill my time again.
game-hours: 30.4
review: Sweet game, I loved strategy games when I was younger. This is better than any of them. I only got this game yesterday and I put 9 hours into it, That's like nearly enough time to complete Dishonored's main story on high chaos. The gameplay mechanics are great and the game makes you feel really good about yourself when you win a war, mostly against Ghandi. One word of advice for you. If you are allies with Ghandi he will stab you in the back and nuke you. Bye. -M'aiq the Liar.
game-hours: 384.1
review: An amazing game with love hate and an awful lot of MURDER!
game-hours: 62.7
review: it is a very good pick if your into strategic games. you can wage war or peace with other nations and peoples and eventually rule the world wether it being by scientific dicovories or just being the best civilization there is. Will YOU rule the world?
game-hours: 98.0
review: I love this game so much!!! I well recommend it to everyone. it is awesome
game-hours: 119.1
review: Kinky stuff 4 kinky people. Side note: Get BNW it makes the entire game two times better.
game-hours: 631.1
review: It's ok
game-hours: 223.8
review: OMG this game is so fun! you can take over the world, become the leader of the free world, go to the stars its far the best game ever 12/10
game-hours: 710.4
review: I recomend this game to Ivory enthusests
game-hours: 113.7
review: It's like poker, except with nukes.
game-hours: 29.8
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V is a very fun and strategic game. The mechanics in the game are amazing, and I would recommend this game to anyone - those who want to go to war, those who want to build a civilization, those who want to dominate the economy, or those who want to do scientific advancements.
game-hours: 68.1
review: My foreign Advisor Recommended me to build an Atomic Bomb 11/10 Would nuke again
game-hours: 296.7
review: This game is sooo fun :)
game-hours: 19.0
review: Step 1: Buy Game On CD For Cheap Step 2: Install Game Step 3: Learn Game Step 4: Become Russia And Be Ready For Communism Step 5: Be Stalin And Kill All Your Men For A Single Piece Of Land Step 6: Enjoy Being A Dictator 10/10 would kill my men again.
game-hours: 223.5
review: Civilation 5 is one of the best game i've ever play for this reasom i recomend it to you and its worth paying for the complete pack no matter what the prise this game will pay
game-hours: 455.4
review: This game sucks you in. Try for yourself, it's worth it.
game-hours: 298.6
review: Who wants to play a quick game of civ v
game-hours: 473.0
review: When I first started playing I foolishly thought "I'll play for a couple of hours". Little did I know those hours turned into a whole night session playing Civ 5. As 4am approaches I realize how addicting this game is. You have been warned. You can't plan how long you will play, the game will release you when it is done with you. :)
game-hours: 257.0
review: Best strategy game ever! Perfect for Multiplayer and extremely real when compared to real wars and world history.
game-hours: 298.5
review: A long playing stratergy game in which you can lead your civilization to victory or be crushed by more powerful and vicious leaders along the way. Learn how best to use your civ and keep your people from revolt. This is not a game to knock over in a lunch break, but one to languish on over a couple of days. Great fun to play with some friends.
game-hours: 681.7
review: One of my favourite games. It is so expansive and so wonderfully done, a treat to any fans of the series or turn-based strategy games in general. I love changing the tables of time and making the roman empire last forever as still the powerful people or making the native indian be the ones who attack America and make them loose their homeland. It is also a game where you can't help but spend an entire game on because you want to get that one goal or ahievement hunt (which takes many many hours of playing to time to find because of how diverse the game is). I would recomend this to anyone.
game-hours: 9.5
review: very good game if you like risk then you WILL like this game
game-hours: 511.3
review: Well what can I say? I've got 491 hours put into this game and I'm still learning things. Even after all this I can still look at this game and wonder "What if I tried this strategy? Would things happen differently?" I can't imagine any other game could possibly offer as much content as Civilization 5's complete edition. The only flaw happens to be with the ai at higher difficulties. When you play for the first time they are more than a match for you at the regular difficulty because you simply don't have the knowledge to compete with them. However as you play and learn more about the game you begin to understand how to optimize things, and quickly learn ways to beat those pesky ai. At higher difficulties the only way the game counters your skill is by giving those opposing civilizations bonus resources and units that a normal player would not have. At the highest difficulties the sheer amount of advantages given to these civs can make them darn near unbeatable. This creates a certain niche in your late game experience where either you manage to get extremely lucky with your civ's location and manage to outproduce the other players or you end up getting stomped by an ai that was showered with a ridiculous amount of benefits. Regardless of this "achilles heel" I've found that these benefits are just balanced enough at King and Immortal difficulties that the game still feels like a competition where you have a fighting chance. Playing with friends is a blast. If your not very good at the game you can team up with a friend who may be a veteran and can carry you, or if you wan't to play this with someone new it's easy to set it up on a low difficulty and still be talkative and social. In the end, this game in my opinion has something for just about everyone.
game-hours: 171.5
review: IT IS SOOOOOOOOOOOO AWESOME!!! No, but seriously, you got to play this. psssst. PLAY IT!!!
game-hours: 175.3
review: Civ is brilliant, definately worth the money, especially for the multiplayer.
game-hours: 93.4
review: Great game. However, don't play without a clock because you will lose track of time.
game-hours: 56.1
review: This game!!!!! I'm not usually the type to enjoy a game like this, I'm more into Arma and the such, but picking this up in the sale was a genious idea! Everything looks so crisp and clean, a little hard to get used to at first, but thanks to the tutorial after a game or two you'll pick up everything you need to know. This game is made even better if you have friends to play it with too as thanks to the steam cloud saving you can load up your saved game with your friend anytime, and stop playing whenever you like.
game-hours: 82.5
review: This game is pure crack. There is nothing more addictive than this game. I want to gift this game only to my worst enemies and all the evil mad humans out there. Get somebody in touch with Kim Jong-Un, set him up a steam-account and get him this game: it kills lifetime without being able to be productive in any form(except playing this game). The world will be a better and peacefull place if we can get those kind of people playing CIV V!
game-hours: 279.4
review: Srsly bst gaem evar
game-hours: 52.5
review: This game will make you play for hours and hours and hours it's nonstop fun!
game-hours: 147.8
review: Good game GG no Re
game-hours: 278.0
review: Civ 5 is one of my favorite games I've every played although I've only played BNW and gold edition I've enjoyed every moment. Civ 5 is the best strategy game I have played with it's depth and fun gameplay every game is different. with multiple victory choices your not limited to one way of playing. Each civilization has differnt perks making it interesting to play new civs every game.The expansion of Brave New World focuses on improving the way to win culturisticly and diplomaticly from fully adopting 5 policy trees to out culturing everyone else with tourism and from building a wonder voting on who should be world leader. another big thing Brave New world adds in is world congress where you vote on matters every so often. The addition of the great writer and great musician makes culture count even more. BNW also adds in new civs like Venice, Poland and Morocco. Civ 5 is a great game and recommend it everyone.
game-hours: 336.9
review: So  addictive, just....one......more.....turn
game-hours: 66.9
review: One more turn. One more turn. One more turn. Its been 6 hours.
game-hours: 401.3
review: after completing 2, four hour games today alone, im ready to admit my addiction to it, even got it to run on my work netbook, sweet
game-hours: 260.8
review: Awesome game, one of the best I have ever played.
game-hours: 148.4
review: Fantastic game, buy and enjoy.
game-hours: 143.0
review: The best Strategy game ever.
game-hours: 66.1
review: this is one of my favorite games of all time, if your looking for a game with great gameplay, awsome multiplayer, and hours upon hours of fun... BUY THIS GAME!
game-hours: 41.2
review: This game is a turn based strategy title based on actual history. It makes learning history fun as you take control of countries as far back as the ancient era and rule them in your own way.
game-hours: 52.6
review: Its a really cool game if you like strategy games. This is a really fun strategy game, that has action but also takes a ton of thought. One downside is it takes probably 12 hours minimum for each game.
game-hours: 62.0
review: If your thinking about getting it, get it. I don't even like stratagey games and i love this...
game-hours: 1925.2
review: Great game. Repeat play is excellent.
game-hours: 288.8
review: 10/10 Nuked by Gandhi
game-hours: 260.6
review: Spent my entire weekend trying to keep America from curbstomping me, whilst simultaneously telling Caesar to f*ck off while making pottery. 10/10, gold stars all around.
game-hours: 38.7
review: Great strategy game! The endless ways you could build your city keeps the game interesting upon playing over and over.
game-hours: 177.2
review: dobra gra w
game-hours: 113.1
review: As a new Civ player, I must say that I used to hate this type of strategy games (Turn Based) and considered my self an RTS player instead. now that I tried CIV 5, I must say that I'm hooked to the game and its innovative mechanics. Playing against the AI is alaways fun, and the multiplayer experience is fantastic. The amount of customisations you can do to the game is great, especially with the addition of community content. The sound track is brilliant and the options menu has way more options than you could possibly need to tweak. If you are considering giving turn based strategy a go, I defiently recommend this game.
game-hours: 26.4
review: This game is amazing. I started a quick game on a small map with 3 other people, 5 hours in and I only have half the map to myself! Really takes time and it keeps you occupied, but it gets a bit annoying in late-game when you have many units and cities and you have to maintain all of them by building stuff, assigning tasks when you just wanna kill stuff. Other than that, great! 9/10
game-hours: 17.4
review: Continues the Civ tradition of being dangerously addictive. Fantastic game.
game-hours: 246.0
review: 4- ,     .
game-hours: 106.4
review: This game is awesome. I would recomend to all ages. Keep up the good work Civ fans!
game-hours: 230.1
review: Do not buy this game if you like having free time. It's not a game one simply picks up "for an hour or so". It is the video game equivalent of heroin: it will suck away hours of your life at a time, leaving you in a stupor afterwards, thinking only about when you can boot it up next and finally knock off that a-hole Suleiman for good. It's terrible but, it's so, so good.
game-hours: 38.4
review: Best turn based stratergy out there. If you have friends with skype tell them to get this game and play it with them, you will have countless hours of fun and then just be dominated by that guy!
game-hours: 19.0
review: If you are planning on having an early night. Don't play this game. "I'll go to my bed at 11" "Ahh it's 12:30 ill go at 1am" "Hmm it's 1;05am may aswell stay until 2am" *Girlfriend comes in* "It's 7AM where you and your friend up all night?"
game-hours: 371.4
review: One of the best strategy games of all time. Would recommend to everyone.
game-hours: 197.5
review: I ing hate barbarians
game-hours: 164.0
review: Civilization V is one of those few games that is enjoyable whether you're playing alone, with friends, with people you don't know or even passing it around with people at your house, it's just a fun game. The amount of different scenarios that can happen is infinite, and as you progress you have this feeling of being a world leader, which is very satisfying and is something I have never seen delivered successfully in a game. You can be what you want, whether it be a nuclear war-lord, or a peace-seeking nation the game is always fun. You can choose to start at the beginning of Civilization, and a huge selection of different iconic eras such as the Medieval, Renessance, Ancient, etc. or you can even start in modern times, or in the future to come. Every game you play lays down new options of how you want to go about doing things, keeping it fresh and fun. A great investment.
game-hours: 796.6
review: Like a Persian, touched for the Darius time!
game-hours: 57.4
review: The fifth iteration of the original Time-Vampire...
game-hours: 146.7
review: The kind of game you can play all day. I can't wait until 6 comes out in the next few years. One of the best games I have ever played.
game-hours: 123.7
review: Big fan of the game. Very addictive, you spend most of your time going "just one turn more".
game-hours: 28.1
review: Fun game
game-hours: 333.4
review: Frankly this game keeps me hooked longer than i thought one year later I was astonished to see how much time I've spent on this game
game-hours: 205.6
review: I've spent nearly 200 hours on this insanely briliant game! Is it good? YOU BET YO  IT IS!!!!!!!!! But if ur getting it buy the complete pack
game-hours: 337.2
review: Clearly the AI is this game`s greatest weakness but overall it`s a great game. The graphics are nice and the strategic aspects increased with the dlc`s. Great to play with friends or other human players -> less AI and it is very addictiv if you start playing and intend to stop, it s just one more turn.... and another hour has passed or you start to realize that the sun just rose even thought you started playing at night
game-hours: 373.7
review: I was playing this the night before an exam. At 11pm I thought 'Just One More Turn', 'cause that f'er Casmir betrayed me and sided with China. It seemed as if only an hour later I had taken over Poland, China, Indonesia and Venice. It was 9am. 10/10 would fail an exam again.
game-hours: 115.1
review: Steam wants my opinion. Ive seen empires rise and fall (mostly mine). I tried to stop. One more turn I will say for 80 more turns. Then bam it's 4 a.m. the world has forgotten about you. you have a final in an hour. You know? The final you said you needed a break in studying? But you know what? One more turn? 10/10 would conquer Germany with Poland again highly recommended
game-hours: 256.9
review: The game mechanics of Sid Meiers Civilization may be a lot to take in for people new to the franchise, but it's definitely worth buying and learning to play. It takes time, but once you figure out how the game works, it is EXTREMELY fun and addicting. I've played Civ 3 and 4 as well and also recommend those previous versions too.
game-hours: 132.6
review: {PP{{ PRORKSDMG DHHH GET ITSTHSI SHAHAHAAHA OKK BABYYSSS
game-hours: 178.4
review: Very nice!
game-hours: 114.5
review: The game is very engaging. Others can probably give you a much more thourough review, but I will say that, if you are going to pick this up, get the expansions. Brave New World really adds a lot to the game.
game-hours: 74.8
review: What a game! Brilliant, pretty much one of my best game purchases on steam. Whether you play single player or multiplayer this game is for anyone!. But be ready to be , you might be enjoying 300 turns of peace and you bullying small city-states, but then BAM, BOOM, BUTT, Your greatest ally backstabs you and destroys a game you have been playing on for a while. Usually this makes me uninstall the game and give a  review. But this game is different, you are not complete until you buy this game, and bully civs
game-hours: 30.4
review: This game is one of the coolest strategies.
game-hours: 9.2
review: Ghandi is a  in this game.
game-hours: 36.9
review: Fantastic fun, you could spend hours playing it. Inituive gameplay and tutorials to help you get started. The addition of famouse historical leaders also enhance the fun. At the moment I'm trying to recreate the great British Empire! I highly reccommend !
game-hours: 333.6
review: Pretty good game, and the DLC'S are a must in my opinion. It got a little boring, but I kept getting back into it, lots of things to do, and different ways to play. Especially fun with friends!
game-hours: 136.3
review: A super intense enjoyable strategy game. Don't even think for a second just buy this game immediatley!!!
game-hours: 47.0
review: best game I ever played, I used most hours playing this than any other.
game-hours: 679.2
review: Its all about the pawns!
game-hours: 102.0
review: This game should be rated 18+, it is way too addictive. 10/10
game-hours: 571.7
review: Civilizaion V is probably one of the best TBS game I ever played. The addition of Gods and Kings and Brave New World makes the game better and adds many features. Civilization V is a 10 out of 10.
game-hours: 46.9
review: Really nice game, could play for hours. Graphics are nice, learn a bit of sketchy history while you play. Has a multiplayer version which is great but after playing for a couple hours the games sometimes break and go out of sync and start crashing.
game-hours: 43.4
review: Hi, my name is raisin and I'm addicted to Civ V.
game-hours: 157.2
review: BUY THIS GAME!!! IT IS AMAZING!!!
game-hours: 120.1
review: gr8 m8
game-hours: 49.7
review: I was the leader of a peaceful, prosperous empire. We had a small military dedicated to only fighting off barbarians and we tried to stay on good terms with all, helping those who needed help with a small piece of our treasuries. Then one day our Egyptian allies declared war on us. We fought bravely and despite heavy losses we managed to fend them off.Meanwhile, our American neighbors were growing more and more dangerous. Rumors were circulating that George Washington was planning to "introduce democracy" to our vast supply of natural resources and building a city in the middle of one of our main roads. War was inevitable, and we sent an artist to "culture bomb" the border with them alongside our greatest soldiers. The Americans immediately responded, sending in soldiers armed with advanced weapons that my science advisor calls "firearms". My men fought bravely and managed to raze the troublesome city, but they were no match for the minutemen. They destroyed our greatest armies and layed siege to our capital Moscow. Then the egyptians declared war...again. This is when we realized that the Egyptians were an obvious threat to world peace. Attacking allies? What ever happened to declarations of friendship? This time the Egyptians were prepared and they cut through our defenses like a knife through butter, seizing one of our colonies. We requested assistance from another close ally, the English. All we got was a letter saying "No. Absolutely not". The egyptians were unstoppable, taking all of our colonies until reaching the ocean. The concept of having to send an army by sea was incomprehensible to Egyptians, and they stopped. (never officially making a peace treaty. I write this because I fear my days as the leader of the Russian Empire are numbered. My men have managed to fight off the Americans so far, but for every minutemen squad we kill 5 take its place Our "allies" have refused to help us despite all we have done for them in the past. We have attempted to conduct diplomacy with Washington but he refuses to make peace. My people grow restless. If the Americans don't overthrow me they will.
game-hours: 207.5
review: Yup, lost many hours with this game! Will be losing many more, too.
game-hours: 49.0
review: Great game highly recomend it. Be aware that you will be adicted
game-hours: 439.8
review: This game is the .
game-hours: 1198.7
review: Worth buying at any price!
game-hours: 633.4
review: For those who like strategy games. Offers singleplayer and multiplayer. Turn based but can be simultaneous actions for each turn. Highly recommended.
game-hours: 75.4
review: This is a very good game
game-hours: 104.7
review: Fantastic game and very addictive howerver, Civilization V is too expensive on Steam. Bring down the price a bit. Price's range from just 7.50 up to 15 on various other sites. (jungle).
game-hours: 122.8
review: Just ewww
game-hours: 683.1
review: Definitely not a game you should start up when you have something important scheduled. You know, like... sleeping or eating. The "just one more turn" syndrome will keep ordinary things like these well out of your mind. Try the marathon mode if you dare... The multiplayer mode used to be bit wonky but it pretty stable after the last patches. Definitely get both expansions for the best experience (the Complete Edition is usually up for 10 bucks during the Steam sales).
game-hours: 61.6
review: This game was good on the free weekend, can't wait to eventually get it with the Bundle! :D
game-hours: 274.9
review: This game can get very addicting and is very fun in multiplayer. Other strategy games multiplayers should mimic this one as well as have there one kind. How you play the game is very addictive and its like you never want to stop and always say "Just one mroe turn" turns out to be 24 turns. Def a must buy for anybody even if your not a big fan of strategy games, as this one doesn't require as much thought process as many other strategy games.
game-hours: 196.0
review: Simply one of the best strategy games I've ever played. The best thing about Civilization is that it's so different every time you play it, it never get's boring. 12/10. Would bang.
game-hours: 437.3
review: To sum up Civilization V in a few words is near impossible in the game that probably has the best replayability out of any game ever designed. The amount of detail put into the game is truly amazing for the strategy genre and is great in every aspect. *********Disclaimer: I would highly recommend playing this game with the Brave New World expansion. The expansion adds a greater deal of detail and features to the game that make the base version seem archaic********** Single Player Review: The singleplayer for Civilization V is great in the level of customization of your game. If you want to just start up a game and immediately jump in you can hit play now and have civ set the game paramaters for you. The opposite can also be done allowing you to fine tune your game from the map, timeline, victory conditions, number of civilizations (you can put every civilization in if you have a good computer, otherwise you will crash around medeival era), and other rules to the game. The level of replayability of this game is amazing because of this level of customization and the dozens of civilizations available to play definately helps. Multiplayer Review: In all honesty this game has a great multiplayer as long as you set the rules to have quickmovement and quickcombat. Same great gameplay from singleplayer with your friends, and you can even throw AIs into the mix. Overall: This game offers a great deal of features for the strategy fan and this is simply put one of my favorite games of all time. Also i should note that Ghandi is the most aggressive AI in the game and will destroy you if you are not careful. I give this game 5/5 Sid Meier's! So great that you will change your name to Sid Meier
game-hours: 48.7
review: Holy crap this is fun Archers op 10/10 would nuke everyone again
game-hours: 550.7
review: Great game but you need lots of time and all the expansions. I'm a big fan of the Civ series and have spent countless hours on the past games.
game-hours: 106.9
review: I love it. I love it. I love it. Thank you for making this game. 10/10 makes me wanna go out and command people to move a tile forward
game-hours: 65.4
review: Played for 8 hours aiming for a diplomatic victory only to have gandhi nuke my capital...12/10 would buy again
game-hours: 253.8
review: Great visuals and fun game. Not as difficult to understand as predecessors but still lots of fun.
game-hours: 922.1
review: I'm a long time lover of strategy games, but I'm new to the Civ franchise. I picked up the complete edition so my first experience was the whole package at once. The game was easy to pick up, and aesthetically pleasing. From the opening cut scene I felt I was watching a documentary. It does a great job of making the history of humanity feel more epic. I was staggered by the number and variety of civilizations to pick and use. Recently I moved up in difficulty to the level which the general public would consider "normal" (the in game definition of normal is rather easy in favor of the human players). I find a great challenge and really enjoy building a narrative out of every random mission. The modding world is amazing! From convenience mods to full conversion mods and everything in between, there is something for everybody. If you find yourself burning out and wishing for a little spark to keep you interested of months of playing: definitely check out the workshop content. Flaws? Well, once you are learned in the game the difficulty needs to be ramped up quite a bit just to give the AI a chance. And harder AI difficulty doesn't make them "smarter", it just gives them an early lead. So a high level game is more of an uphill battle rather than a game against a more ruthless opponent. I recommend this game, and to get the complete package as the expansions to contribute to the whole experience. I am happy I finally began enjoying the franchise.
game-hours: 236.2
review: Fun in depth game. If you dont like turned based games then this isnt for you. The DLCs expand the game alot and add alot more to it. You will learn to hate the world congress if you do not own it. And no matter what you do on the higher dificulties like imortal and diety, you will struggle. But you will go out with a bang. Or you play lower level and are equal to everyone. Or basic and destroy everyone
game-hours: 87.6
review: Damn it Rivalz civilization! When I snap you are going to be the first to go!
game-hours: 234.4
review: Great game, one of my favourite Strategy games of all time. I highly suggest playing this game with the DLCs as the vanilla Civ 5 is not as fun as compared to it with all/most of the DLCs. Perfect for all lengths of play. You can win through various ways such as complete Domination over everyone. I wouldn't suggest buying it at its full price, although the game does go on sale often so just wait for it go on sale and snag the DLCs along with it. You'll soon see yourself spending hours on this game.
game-hours: 7.6
review: Mongolians. Enough said.
game-hours: 168.6
review: This game is GOOD I mean like GOOD good. 19/giraffe.
game-hours: 333.1
review: One, if not my favorate games of all time. Highly entertaining statagy game that is fun to play with friends. Just wish there were less bugs D;
game-hours: 560.6
review: One unit per tile makes combat much better while turn times are awfully long. As long as I play on smaller than average maps it's not too bothersome, though and it's a great game nonetheless.
game-hours: 74.8
review: WOAHHHHH WTF YOU CAN PLAY AS A LEADER IN HISTORY THAT IS THE COOLEST THING EVER SERIOUSLY LIKE WOAWAWHWAHAHAWHAHWAHW BE GEORGE "THE REALEST" WASHINGTON OR CHEIF SHOESHINE, LEADER OF THE PANINI TRIBE AND
game-hours: 71.3
review: Just play it. No words can describe this game. Just. Play. It.
game-hours: 32.3
review: If you've never played a Civilization game before, the fifth iteration is a good place to start. A "game" of Civlization is similar to a board game. There's no campaign or overarching story. You simply have one goal and that's to "win" a match. To do this you have many options that involve brute force, economical strategy, scientific advancement or some of the newer methods like influence and trade. The game is one that's easy to get lost in, before you know it, time has simply vanished. To me, that marks a good game.
game-hours: 237.7
review: Great strategic game. Strongly advise trying the demo.
game-hours: 374.3
review: An Amazing Game, people who want a challenge have to buy this.
game-hours: 11.6
review: countries and stuff
game-hours: 563.3
review: ok for a few hours
game-hours: 632.3
review: After 500h the game really opens up.
game-hours: 2637.2
review: Well, I just blame one of my "good friends" for ruining my life.
game-hours: 129.9
review: If you like turn-based strategy games, this is for you!
game-hours: 101.2
review: This game will take hold of your soul and force you to play it for hours.
game-hours: 416.1
review: Excellent strategy game.
game-hours: 278.4
review: I have to admit-I was a little offput at first by this game. I was familiar with the concept and a very basic idea of how to play, but some things about the game seemed downright strange the first time I played. The hex tiles, the belligerent AI (yes, you Montezuma), all of it kept me somewhat uninterested in this game for a while. But after a while of thinking, I started to understand the game more, and the more I understood it, the more I liked it. It is a complex game, and I certainly don't understand all or even most of it. But nontheless, it is a highly replayable game of great value that I enjoy greatly.
game-hours: 31.0
review: One of the best game out there, the soundtrack is second to none
game-hours: 130.5
review: POLAND CAN INTO SPACE! 10/10
game-hours: 120.2
review: This game is the best just the best the only best.
game-hours: 405.3
review: Simply amazing. Being able to beat the game from numerous vantage points along MANY different civs on countless maps/sizes adds to replayability. Love it to death!
game-hours: 72.8
review: Civilization V is the epitome of the Civ series. I know many Civ fans would say they think IV edges it out, but the additions in V combined with the faithful execution of the core Civ formula puts this one on top. Hex-based tiles make it all the more awesome, and the elimination of doomstacks with the "one unit per tile" limit makes the game much more tolerable and strategic in many ways. With the expansions, there is a whole lot of content to see, and the best part of the game is arguably what's great about every Civ game: flexibility to play the way you want to play. Different victory types will keep you interested for mulitple playthroughs, and, like all Civ games, you will find yourself laughing when you find your civilization on the brink of destruction at the hand of Ghandi's army. Just be warned: the Zulunation probably hates you.
game-hours: 181.3
review: Played 180+ hours, didn't realise mods disabled achivements. 10/10
game-hours: 106.8
review: This game has everything a strategy game needs to be a good one. It has easy to understand controls which can later on develop into more advanced controls, it has extensive gameplay, and it makes you use your brain. I would suggest this to anyone who likes games such as Age of Mythology, and perhaps Starcraft II.
game-hours: 113.7
review: This Is Plain AWSOME, Build Empires, Conquer, Creat Worlds. You can play as all the greatest leaders starting from the dawn of time. Washington, Alexander the Great, Or Even Julius Ceasarus,
game-hours: 776.5
review: The best turn based strategy game ive ever played, normallly im a C&C fan myself but ever since i played Civilization: Revolution, ive been addicted to the civ franchise. Its useful if you want to go ahead and test you're strategic planning skills or if you just have alot of time on ur hands with not enough stuff to do :P i give it a 4.5 out of 5 (4.5 / 5)
game-hours: 68.1
review: Being a veteran in the Civilization series, Civilization V is definitely the worst in the series. That being said, it IS a good game, but compared to other civilization games (such as civ iv and civ iii) this is no where compared to them. Civilization IV is still the best out there. I've been playing civ since 2001. And for me, civ iv and civ 3 is better than 5. I've played over 1000000+ hours on all civilization games (including the expansions) so ignore the time count i have here. I just got civ v this late november of 2014.
game-hours: 236.6
review: Great game, but I advise you to get it with the DLC because it adds some pretty core features that should really have been in the vanilla game anyway. I'm talking about Gods and Kings, and Brave New World.
game-hours: 233.6
review: Got nuked by Gandhi. 10/10
game-hours: 11.2
review: Ok so I got one big gripe with this gsme: its got more than 5 civilization!
game-hours: 193.9
review: A game that makes me feel great. Creating the single most authoritarian superior Atheist society on the planet, while I send my Crusade of Euphoric Intelligence across the planet in a stream of blood, tears, and nukes. All in the name of Chairman Walrus. ALL HAIL THE HAIL THE MASTER OF EUPHORIA 7/10 It was okay
game-hours: 118.7
review: Get the ing game!
game-hours: 404.7
review: the game is realy cool. it's need to have a long time to play but it realy fun for strategy lovers and history lovers. goes well with the bnw expension and the g&k.
game-hours: 6.8
review: One more turn.
game-hours: 122.3
review: very game good "Sid Meier Civilation" influence great aspect life bring nice innovation much like thoren school. such is game. 9.4/10 - IGN
game-hours: 50.9
review: Great game to have. You can spend hours upon hours just playing this game.
game-hours: 1177.8
review: The descendants of the Thumpasorus Peoples knew Funk was its own reward. They tried to remain true to the pure, uncut Funk. But it became impossible in a world wood by power and greed. So they locked away the secret of Clone Funk with kings and pharoahs deep in the Egyptian pyramids, and fled to outer speace to party on the Mothership and await the time they could safely return to refunkatize the planet
game-hours: 160.1
review: CERTAINLY ONE THE BEST STRATEGY GAMES CREATED..... THIS MANY YEARS IN THE INDUSTRY, THE CIVILIZATION SERIES HAVE ALL BEEN TOP NOTCH GAMES FOR ANY STRATEGIST AND THINKER...... THE EXPANSION OF THE MICRO MANAGEMENT OF CITIES AND CIVILIZATIONS, SUCH AS CULTURE, SCIENCE, HAPPINESS AND THE LIKE ALL ADD MORE DEPTH TO AN ALL READY ROCK STEADY FRANCHISE. TIP OF THE HAT TO THOSE WHO KEPT THE SERIES ALIVE AND INNOVATIVE
game-hours: 100.3
review: This game kicks . Good luck getting people to play it with you for any length of time, though.
game-hours: 95.5
review: "One... more... turn..." the wiseman said at 5am...
game-hours: 340.0
review: Bid farewell to the soon to become obselete phrase: "I'm bored".
game-hours: 50.7
review: This game is simply amazing.
game-hours: 476.8
review: It's like CIV II with goods
game-hours: 246.4
review: Fun, If you like a game in which is very time consumeing and alot of stragity involved. Also when playing mutyplayer you can have great team work , Or just try and kill as much as you can
game-hours: 1086.5
review: It will take over your life
game-hours: 680.9
review: Excellent Turn Based Strategy game, can't recommend it enough.
game-hours: 296.1
review: I dig it. An excellent (if not overly effective) way to pass an entire day without realizing it.
game-hours: 249.9
review: Just... One... More... Turn...
game-hours: 3.4
review: It's a Civilization game - with the expansions, it's one of the best the 4X genre has to offer. Must-play!
game-hours: 457.7
review: Certainly one of the best games ever made! It keeps me coming back time and time again.
game-hours: 82.4
review: I really enjoy this game, it is a worthy addition to the Civilization series
game-hours: 137.7
review: Viel yksi vuoro...
game-hours: 83.2
review: best strategy game eveahyr
game-hours: 228.5
review: One of the best games I have ever played!
game-hours: 37.1
review: Excellent game! Great for fans of long lasting strategy games. DO NOT USE WINDOWS 8 TOUCH SCREEN! Its not only completely useless but it also crashes the game so much so that it isn't enjoyable anymore. You should be completely fine otherwise though. By the way...don't trust Gandhi. He will nuke you so hard.....
game-hours: 32.8
review: 7 hours. All in one sitting. If you value your life, then don't buy.
game-hours: 987.2
review: I retract my previous statement and apologise to Firaxis, this game is lightning in a bottle, don't bother with Beyond earth, this is the best strategy game you will ever play.
game-hours: 53.4
review: This is an amazing strategy for anyone that likes this genre of games. This game defines and sets the bar for all game like this. A masterpiece and delight the games features make you feel like you are creating that civilization. If you do not own this game than you are missing out on endless ways to rule the world. Multiplayer can support up to 12 players (I think) which can make you turn on your friends or make new ones. This game has hours and hours of fun and I wont be able to stop playing for a while. 9.5/10 bad things are the cost and the DLC price $50 for BNW :(
game-hours: 280.3
review: I didn't really know what to expect when I picked up Civilization V a few months ago. I had heard a lot of great things about the franchise up until the point of my purchase, and I was not disappointed when I bought it. Those first few days were unforgiving: I played it non-stop, and when I was done with my first campaign, I wanted to do it all over again. Civilization is a turn-based strategy game where you take control of a historical empire and steer it through the choppy waters of evolution, competing with other civilizations. I love how there is a very balanced feeling to all the aspects of the game: diplomacy, war, culture, religion and science all factor into who will finally be victorious. And even though you'll inevitably get in touch every single one of those areas, there are multiple paths to victory. You can just as easily try to annihilate every other civilization as you can lead a peaceful society, focus on exporting your goods and reeling in cash to be the very first one to launch a rocket into outer space. Furthermore, you can easily set up a game to your own desire, choosing how long you want a campaign to last, how many city-states and competing civilizations you want to rival with, etcetera. Civilization V is at the same time a challenging game with a lot of depth, as it is a toy box: you can fiddle around with everything, try out new things, play on different maps, use fresh strategies and never play the same campaign twice. And if you haven't delved into the vast amount of mods out there, hang on. The possibilities are near endless with the toolbox they're giving you. I do want to recommend one thing: make sure you also buy both main expansions "Gods & Kings" and "Brave New World". They're quintessential to having the ultimate Civilization V experience, as they add new gameplay mechanics and a whole bunch of new civilizations, greatly expanding on everything that the base game already offered! It's simply put one of the best and most addictive strategy games of all time, and deserves a spot in your collection. Period.
game-hours: 17.3
review: nuke cavemen
game-hours: 201.6
review: This game has a lot of turns
game-hours: 99.2
review: Just Buy this game you wont regret it at all 10/10 100/100 5/5
game-hours: 31.0
review: 10 out of 10 would nuke again.
game-hours: 98.6
review: I AM YOUR KING NOW, GIVE ME YOUR VIRGINS!... *ahem*, very nice game, makes you feel powerful, really deep, very thought provoking, excellent
game-hours: 55.0
review: This game is great for buying wives losing them in the forest and finding them slayn by internet trolls that look like Vin Deisal.
game-hours: 226.8
review: Play dis  ma n1gg4, kick some , launch some nukes, take over some other civilizations, pillage & plunder, or have peaceful relationships with other civs and swipe them in a cultural or science win... 9.8/10 Multiplayer can be buggy...
game-hours: 59.8
review: I recommend this game to everyone who likes strategy/board games. It feels like playing a board game but much more fun! Go buy now
game-hours: 31.3
review: addictive and well made. cant wait for the next civ
game-hours: 156.4
review: The next installation in Sid Meier's Civilization series of games, Civilization V is a wonderful turn-based strategy game in which players can forge the history of an earth-like world as they rule it. Augustus Caesar may declare war on George Washington, Catherine the Great may find that her cities are being bombed by Mahatma Gandhi. Initially met with some criticism over how it plays in comparison to its numerical predecessor, Civilization IV, Civ V is still an excellent game that is improved immensely by its DLC. Please note that anyone buying DLC may be better off buying ONLY Brave New World rather than Brave New World AND Gods and Kings, as Brave New World adds everything added in Gods and Kings save for a few Civilizations. If you enjoy Turn Based Strategy games with a focus on decisive victories through conquest, culture, diplomacy, or science, you certainly can not go wrong with Civilization V.
game-hours: 21.2
review: Awesome game, im actually adicted.
game-hours: 80.9
review: This is really an upgrade from the old versions. The complexity and multitudes in achieving victory combined with the different civilizational aspects provides an extreme diversity in each game. The multiplayer experience is really the pinnacle of what started as CIVnet. This game is truly enjoyable in the company of friends in multiplayer mode.
game-hours: 200.7
review: Until you have conquered the world as Banana King of Ethiopia, one with an insatiable lust for bananas, going as far as to commit genocide through nuclear weaponry just for their tasty goodness, you have not lived.
game-hours: 47.8
review: IF I COULD SHOVE THIS GAME IN MY ANAL, I WOULD LET THAT BE HAPPEN
game-hours: 58.3
review: Great game, really enjoying it!
game-hours: 93.7
review: #WontStopUntillIHaveDestroyedEVERYTHING!
game-hours: 446.8
review: Veni Vidi Vici :D
game-hours: 41.1
review: I do injoy the game style of the game, as being both challenging and fun is aways a plus in a turn based game.
game-hours: 343.4
review: This game is great for people who are first-time strategy gamers. The idea of the time line (from begining of civilization, to the future) is very rare. For all I know this is the only game that has this time line.
game-hours: 148.4
review: Great game.
game-hours: 330.4
review: You will forget to eat because of this game.
game-hours: 237.1
review: One more turn...
game-hours: 139.1
review: This game is really fun and you can spend hours playing a single round. I reccoment getting all the DLCs when their on sale, the DLCs are really good and add alot of content. The only thing I don't like is that the ai isn't very agressive.
game-hours: 163.7
review: Best civ ever made !
game-hours: 164.8
review: Wow, this game is SOOOOOOO addicting! PLAY IT, PLAY IT NOW! (i sold my car to buy the game and expansion packs)
game-hours: 26.9
review: What can I say about Civilization V... I am not a big fan of the strategy genre, yet this game has that charm, which makes me play it, makes me interested on how my civilization will live on. The game is really slow-paced, yet the time really flies playing it. Graphics are pretty good, considering it's a strategy game. This game pretty much never gets repetitive, everytime you can start differently, and win differently. Only thing I dislike- 1 leader for entire civilization in ages. It kinda doesn't make sense to me, because the same leader living thousands of years... It's weird. Because of that, I'd rate this game a solid 9.5/10, I highly suggest you buy it.
game-hours: 106.4
review: Truely a pc-gaming masterpeice. It combines world history and addicting gameplay into one. What more could you ask for?
game-hours: 206.2
review: Very fun game to play with friends.
game-hours: 73.3
review: Tihs gaem mejks mi want to crie everitiem
game-hours: 170.4
review: Get the DLC its a great game.
game-hours: 109.6
review: with brave new world simply the best, better than all the rest. 5/5
game-hours: 1396.1
review: One of the best strategy games of all time, nothing more needs to be said.
game-hours: 959.4
review: Endless fun. 959 hrs on record and I'm still playing.
game-hours: 194.5
review: This game is Potato/5
game-hours: 120.1
review: Great game with tons of replay value
game-hours: 399.6
review: Maybe the best title of the Sid Meiers Civ series. Simplifying game mechanisms of CIV4, it makes it easy-to-understand/play, and makes even bigger happiness from choosing your favorite nation, researching techs, making diplomacy resolutions, constructing wonders and defeating your enemies on battlefield/diplomacy - really stunning gameplay. Great plus to this game is also its soundtrack, making it even more playable. 92 / 100
game-hours: 277.1
review: 10/10 get Jazzy With Germany
game-hours: 255.1
review: The coolest thing about this game that sets it apart from other games like it is that you can take a civilization in any circumstance while you are playing, compare it to real world history, and get a parallel, which connects Civilization 5 to the real world. History geeks like myself might enjoy such a feature, whether intended by the makers or not, but that is certainly not the only aspect that makes this game golden. I can't even tell you how many times i have been awake at 3:00 in the morning playing this game, realizing that i have elapsed about 8 hours straight playing Civ 5. This is THAT kind of game. The music, the interactive leaders and the strategies you must devise to advance your own regime immerse you fully into the game. Once you are immersed, good luck continuing any obligations you have in your real world life. Besides the absolutely wonderfully fun gameplay, there is a potentially infinite replay value. The different circumstances you can be put in are endless, not to mention different rulers with different special abilities as well as 5 different ways to win. Everytime i come back to Civ 5 after a period of playing a shiny new game, i always get the same feeling i got when i first bought it; the feeling of playing an outright fantastic game. The replay value magnifies the quality of Civ 5 tremendously and makes it a must-have. 10/10
game-hours: 63.4
review: Great game
game-hours: 116.5
review: I played all the Civilization games and enjoy wasting my time on it.
game-hours: 237.7
review: Great strategic game. Strongly advise trying the demo.
game-hours: 374.3
review: An Amazing Game, people who want a challenge have to buy this.
game-hours: 11.6
review: countries and stuff
game-hours: 28.5
review: Nothing like earning the trust of a civilization in the game, to then backstab it with trebuchets and cannons and conquer over half its cities. Or impose your religion over others. Or lose your friends forever. 10/10 reccomended
game-hours: 31.8
review: its a good game
game-hours: 189.9
review: Definitely. Install it and murder India.
game-hours: 203.9
review: My mom told me I would never be successful enough to be the President, but now I CAN!!!!
game-hours: 202.3
review: My buddy and I were playing together in a game with two of us and twelve computers. The game took four weeks to complete as we slowly, politically and militarily, took over the world. Together we defeated the Celts in the beginning to find out that our countries were on the same continent. Slowly, I amassed a massive navy of Submarines surrounding the entire world. My friend liked aircraft carriers more, so he traded and muscled his way into owning about 15 of them, all equipped fully with fighters and bombers. At the end of our weeks of play time, we stood at the pinnacle of civilization. Then I got bored and randomly attacked my friend. He scoffed at me, bringing his massive number of aircraft carriers and planes to attack my capital. Then my submarines struck. In two turns, I had destroyed all of his ships. Every single one of his ships. Every. Single. Aircraft Carrier. Died. At the end of it, my friend gave me a look of pure terror. My Submarines had won. Then he nuked my Capital and won the game. 10/10 would get nuked again.
game-hours: 138.4
review: Great game, this is one my my favorate stragety games of all time. If you are a fan of turn based games then I would definetly reccomend it.
game-hours: 25.2
review: Is it good .....Yes ..... This 9 hours is form 1 day of playing Im ashamed.... 10/10 like crack
game-hours: 156.6
review: it's the best strategy game on the market
game-hours: 629.5
review: One minute, Gandhi is my friend and gave me 5000 gold as a gift, and we're both fighting Theodora. Next minute, it's the other way around. 11/10
game-hours: 41.3
review: Really fun game and has a very user freindly control and task bar. I was excpecting a really confusing stategy game but I ended up getting a highly-addictive, awsome game if you love to conquer, build, and explore.
game-hours: 115.8
review: Nuked Jerusalem 20/10
game-hours: 106.2
review: Live the life of scrooge mcduck and play as Venice
game-hours: 130.8
review: its good if you are up for a game that lasts for a while and constant initial lag when u rejoin later in the game.
game-hours: 261.9
review: i absolutly (pretty sure im going to spell stuff wrong but whatever) love the gameplay and the history aspect of the game. people who like turn based stratagy games like "Xcom: enemy unkown" would really like this game exept in civ you have more control of everything that is happening unlike Xcom. i bet some of you guys watch youtube vids on this and look at it thinking it is a very complex and hard to understand game but it is a lot simpler than it looks. i have over 100 hours on this game and i have even gotten some DLCs. i even got some of my friends to get the game and play with me. in all i find it a really fun game and i give it a 10/10.
game-hours: 70.4
review: ... Stay back.... get away from this game... once you pay the money to buy it you will download it... start it.... pick your favorite civ... after a couple of turns an hour or two pasts by... you don't realize the time..... next thing you know your being attacked by China because she is a  who betrays good friends of her and then try to kill you. STAY AWAY FROM THIS GAME DO NOT BUY IT IF YOU DO YOU WILL GO CRAZY AND START TO MUTTER ABOUT IRON AND URANIUM TO NUKE CHINA UNDERBREATH EVERYDAY.... WATCH OUT FOR GHANDI
game-hours: 240.0
review: 10/10 WOULD ERADICATE ANOTHER RACE IN MASS GENOCIDE AGAIN, HITLER SIMULATOR 2010
game-hours: 673.8
review: An awesome game! Highly recommonded from someone who has spent maybe a little too much time on this game...
game-hours: 177.0
review: great micro-transactions. But rather poor cutscenes. 69/10 420
game-hours: 234.2
review: Excellent game to play with a group of buddies.
game-hours: 236.0
review: Its a good game....'nough said.
game-hours: 94.6
review: This game is extremely fun its one of those games that you say "Ok its 9:30 Am I'll play for a little then I'll do something else." When you look back up its 5 Pm
game-hours: 309.9
review: This game is the best game ever made! Chose what sort of game style you want to have, diplomatic, trade or use brute force, to gain control over the world. This game i came back to many times. It comes many new games, to to try out. But if you buy this game you have a game that you always will come back too. If you are new to this sort of games, just play it on a easy difficulty, and you be just fine. This game gets new DLC all the time, and its community, build new maps, challanges for you to try out. Its always something new to come back too. Build an army of warriors, or convert the world to you're religion to get the upper hand. Its the best game here on steam.
game-hours: 61.2
review: you can be france and get wine tenouttaten
game-hours: 106.7
review: Vietnam
game-hours: 123.6
review: The good news is that I finally slaughtered Gandhi. The bad news is that in doing so I forgot to feed my cat three days in a row. I now have several half-eaten bird carcasses on my front porch; I named them all Gandhi. 10/10.
game-hours: 177.0
review: Still the best long-run turn based strategy game series in existance. This version perfects many of the issues the prior iterations had and adds a ton of new content.
game-hours: 6515.9
review: I like the large maps and exploring new territories. I love that the other civs are random and you never know who you will run into. I became quite addicted to this game and have over 6,000 hours of game play. The graphics and AI are good and I can spend several hours per day playing.
game-hours: 434.3
review: Hours of fun both against AI and against friends. Great for casual and more competitive gaming.
game-hours: 457.7
review: My favourate game. Awsome tile graphics and great game interface whether you want war, peace, or something else. Thiss game has it all!
game-hours: 216.8
review: On diety (The hardest difficulty) I used 29 nukes on Gandhi's army..... another 8 on his capitol just so I could win. And guess what..... It was a hell of alot of fun.
game-hours: 648.1
review: This game is my favourite when it comes to the Strategy genre. Get this with the expansions, especially Brave New World and you will quickly have 100+ hours of fun.
game-hours: 65.5
review: played this game for 12 houts straight
game-hours: 28.4
review: Not only the best turn-based strategy out there, also one of the best game overall. Pressed Play tutorial and played for 5 hours!!!! That's just the beginning.
game-hours: 331.7
review: Quite possibly the best and most complexly amazing game I have played! 250/100!
game-hours: 17.2
review: Awesome game. Recommend it to anyone who likes RTS games or TBS games.
game-hours: 662.1
review: l art du jeu de strategie
game-hours: 174.4
review: in dis gaem, u pway ash a tiem travling prestitent, tryin 2 be a hela dope country u strt out as da leadur of ur countre, but ur contres hella dumb and pore, so u gota make it hela smart by growin it akkordinly as u gr0w it up, ull start 2 meet other sivs liek ching chon cheena or mummy get da camra egypat, who r also time travling like u sometiems, thye'll buly u and try to get rid of u, so u gota use ur cuning diplomacy to get rid of em. or ur cumming miltary to rekt dem there are alota ways 2 win. u can be da worl leady by bein social with sity states and gibeing them mone. u can take ova da worl by captuing a contres capital with ur militarie. u can be hela smart and land a prob on a comet and get yeld at by feminsts. u can be make hela pantings and get tourism in ur contrie, causin every1 2 move there. or just build alot of worl wonders and wait intill the year 2050. dis gaem is kinda like a faecb00k game, except u caint pay monie 2, and it ends eventualy Found myself playing for awhile, I enjoyed it. Get the DLC.
game-hours: 133.9
review: SOOOOOO addicting
game-hours: 25.2
review: Oh dear god, where did all my time go? Where am I?
game-hours: 508.3
review: WARNING: Highly Addictive. Sid Meir's Civilization V is a turn-based strategy game designed to take you through the eras of mankind while you expand your civilisation. There truly isn't another game on the market which delivers an experience quite like this. The game features no story driven campaign mode, the closest being scenario games through DLC, Instead you set-up your game preferences and launch. The game typically begins with one combat unit and one settler unit who will form your first city. This is where your story begins, the game will always offer a completely different experience from the last match played due to its random seed generator, different civilisations personalities and resource placement. Personally I feel what can limit a good experience of this game is a lack of imagination. One match I formed an alliance with my neighbour Rome early in the game because of Mongolias warmongering and mass expansion of its territories. So together I the Ottomans and Rome formed a coalition military and advanced on Mongolia to knock them down a peg or two. Soon after we declared war on Mongolia and we sustained a few loses Romes forces pulled back. I could only assume this was due to their economy being in recession and couldn't afford to train new troops and risk Rome being defenceless. My economy however was booming due to my northern trade routes with the English, so my forces pressed on, determined to liberate the captured city-state of Monaco from the blood thirsty Mongolians. My troops succeeded at a high cost, losing many regiments and more men being crushed by the Mongolian might on their journey home back to the capital. It was at this moment Rome stabbed me in the back and invaded my lands with a huge force, destroying my trade routes with the English and bringing my income to its knees. The rest of the game and my relationship with Rome turned into a back and forth battle of gaining and loosing territory from each other, while my relationship with Mongolia grew stronger. Why did Rome do this I hear you ask? Because they were simple being racists. Or at least thats how I interoperated it through a politicians indirect use of language. Unlike many strategy games, turn-based and real-time Civ V can be picked up pretty quickly. If this is your first Civ title you'll be familiar with the formula in not long at all, its a very easy game to learn but can be a hard game to win. Sometimes it can feel like the AI isn't even trying, other times you can come under constant invasions. If I had to pick the worse point about this game, itd be the AI in diplomacy isnt perfect with a few of the dialogue options making no difference to what the outcome will be.
game-hours: 143.8
review: amaze game
game-hours: 356.4
review: Such a brilliant game. Go get it now.
game-hours: 107.2
review: pretty beasty
game-hours: 132.1
review: DIS GAME BE TIGHT
game-hours: 2.8
review: germany isnt hitler 0/100
game-hours: 188.6
review: dota2 is better though why do we russians love these strategies anyway?
game-hours: 90.9
review: Yeah it's... It's good... Wait, why has it been so long? 2 hours? Just... Just one more turn...
game-hours: 664.8
review: This is game is simple amazing, never gets old. If you love History and being creative this is the game for you.
game-hours: 98.6
review: This game is pretty good, ya know? I've played it quite a bit and I continue to have fun playing it. Games. Games. Review.
game-hours: 57.8
review: just. one. more. turn.
game-hours: 433.9
review: Bismarck is worse than Gandhi, don't trust him or he will "Redefine your friendship".
game-hours: 78.8
review: it is good, but on mac it really needs mod support. aspyer, please put your act together, otherwise it is a great game
game-hours: 321.4
review: What a game, hugely reccomended to people who are interested in historical games, for me its like the Total War Series but you can start from the beginning, and that's what I enjoy, manipulating technology! But warning Gandhi.
game-hours: 36.2
review: I may be slightly addicted. So much to do! Love how in depth this game is. I am engrossed from the moment I load a game :)
game-hours: 162.4
review: This game can either build friendships or tear them apart.
game-hours: 10.8
review: I played this game for a little while and i loved it. There is a lot of strategic gameplay and several different ways to win and many foes to face on your adventures.
game-hours: 98.4
review: 10/10
game-hours: 195.7
review: Great game
game-hours: 294.7
review: Ghandi is a ruthless S.O.B. and will ruin your life 10/10
game-hours: 43.5
review: MOST REALISTIC GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! YOU CAN BUILD THE TAJ MAHAL IN USA PRESIDENT WASHINGTON IS BORN IN 4000 B.C. AND LIVES FOREVER ( NO BARACK OBAMA FOR PRESIDENT IN 2009) GERMANY CAN BE IN BRAZIL GHANDI CAN NUKE YOU 9000/10 MRGOTY 2010 (MOS REALSITIC GAME OF THE YEAR) seriously though this game is still pretty cool i recomend it. Buy it at walmart or wherever because its cheaper then buying it on steam
game-hours: 10.8
review: I love this game. I love history and it lets me change history. It's great! :)
game-hours: 89.5
review: this game has very fun single player that i have spent hours on my only complaint is the fact the multiplayer is very weak
game-hours: 532.0
review: i love this game buy it and fall in love with the power and control
game-hours: 24.4
review: Amazing game! Good graphics, amazing gameplay and a great time killer! Must buy!
game-hours: 190.3
review: all-time classic. each installation in the series has been a welcome change and re-balance to the consistently addictive gameplay.
game-hours: 223.5
review: Just the best
game-hours: 644.8
review: Great game! Has to be one of my favourite games of all time but I suppose that's obvious from the ridiculous play time. The two most recent DLCs; Gods & Kings and Brave New World are a must have, the extra gameplay they implement is incredible.
game-hours: 488.6
review: Just ... One .... More .... Turn ...
game-hours: 259.1
review: Absolutely worth the money ! Make sure to get all the expansions though, they improve the game in so many ways.
game-hours: 94.1
review: Yes... please buy this game... CONQUER THE WORLD!!! It seriously is a TON of fun to paly if you enjoy strategizing and planning out your attack. And also being able to see your army grow and crush everything.
game-hours: 408.9
review: 10/10 Gr8 M8, this is my favourite game :D
game-hours: 8.2
review: ;
game-hours: 142.7
review: More like Sid Meier's AWESOME V
game-hours: 81.8
review: I swear to god I've only played it for about 15 minutes, but it claims I've racked up about 30 hours. The game lies, obviously, but its lies are sweet. Like the finest honey. I recommend this game; although it's terrible for your sleep pattern, social life, and your ability to hold down a job, you'll soon come to realise the higher truth. Which is that you don't care about any of those things- all you care about is getting revenge on that treacherous dog who declared war on you and building more giant death robots.
game-hours: 223.9
review: 69/10 would get killed by Ghandi again
game-hours: 74.0
review: Bloody amazing, just buy it already!
game-hours: 142.8
review: DAMN YOU GANDHI!
game-hours: 321.9
review: good
game-hours: 30.8
review: i don't think i will ever fully understand how this game works
game-hours: 436.5
review: i reccomend this game it is amazing cant wait for the new one
game-hours: 110.8
review: Have you ever wanted to take Drugs? Well go no Further! This Game Is So F*cking Addictive You wont need Drugs! This game is the Best TBS (Turn Based Strats) Game Out! You will not Find a Better TBS Game! And Dont get me Started on the DLC! Sadly Multiplayer has A few issues but its sooooo Worth it! You Can overlook all the Bugs for this game. Oh annnnnnd This Game ALSO has MOD SUPPORT! So if your into Strat Games then this is for you Buddy! YOU BUY! YOU BUY NOW! 8.5/10 One of my Most Fav Games!
game-hours: 58.2
review: Absolutely superb game! I would reccommend this to anyone especially previous CIv players because this game really does bring in additional aspects that have been missing from the fights in previous Civ's. Definitely worth buying the DLC in the sale too!
game-hours: 146.5
review: Brilliant. Altough i wouldn't recomend it unless you get the two big DLC's
game-hours: 83.8
review: Civilization V is best enjoyed with the complete edition as it includes several new leaders / countries, religion, and balances to the game. This grand strategy has taken plenty of my hours away in both singleplayer and multiplayer; and is far better than Beyond Earth. This is easily the definitive Civilization game if you want to get a group of friends together to conquer others.
game-hours: 241.5
review: This game is probably one of my favorite games of all time. I sit down on a weekend to play for maybe an hour or so. So I start a new game and an hour later a realized that 5 or so hours have passed. So then I tell myself just one more turn and 1 turn later 50 turns have passed! This game is SOOOO addicting and I recomend purchasing the complete edition if you do get this game.
game-hours: 53.2
review: This game is well worth the price for single-player mode. I have spent a lot of time beating the CPU's. It loses its flavor after about the 10th match, but that is what mods and online play is for. This game is fun and has endless replayability.
game-hours: 855.6
review: Life is done as I know it.
game-hours: 160.3
review: Le Baguette, Peter wants it
game-hours: 1198.4
review: Meh
game-hours: 253.9
review: best strat ever
game-hours: 1423.0
review: Great Game! Cant stop playing it.
game-hours: 56.2
review: >Go into jungle. >Aztecs start ambushing me. >almosttododead.miff >Say hi to Gandhi. >Ganghi starts nuking me. >hiroshimaisatitagain.docx >Babylon wins by going into space. Wonderful game. Very historically accurate.
game-hours: 155.4
review: Its really effing great.
game-hours: 198.0
review: Great game would recommend its beyond earth with more content
game-hours: 7.5
review: One of the best strategy games ever made - too much strategy 7.8
game-hours: 105.3
review: I saw that the full version of the game was on sale for $12 and i was excited because i havent played it before im only about 6 hours in and i already love this master piece. love the game :) plan to play it alot. 10/10
game-hours: 21.3
review: Became allies with venice then used them as guinea pigs once I started producing nukes. 10/10 would betray again
game-hours: 16.2
review: Played as Gandhi. 10/10
game-hours: 605.6
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 38.1
review: tried making friends with elizabeth... didn't work, decided to take over her empire... 10/10
game-hours: 489.9
review: one of my favorite games ever i give it 10/10
game-hours: 56.4
review: the game is awesome. i recomnd it to people that like strategy games
game-hours: 75.3
review: Great strategy game for wasting hours on end. 10/10
game-hours: 373.3
review: Good for in-house jokes, nuking friends, and basically creating brilliant multiplayer expiriences. 10/10 would reccomend. I need to get BNW.
game-hours: 341.0
review: it's a good game but if u get it make sure to get the dlc otherwise its not worth it
game-hours: 37.1
review: amazing strategic game
game-hours: 117.0
review: I bought uranium from the japanese and used it to build a nuke and used that nuke on them, god its good to be an American 10/10.
game-hours: 86.2
review: "Just one more turn"!
game-hours: 289.7
review: waiting simulater 2014
game-hours: 192.2
review: Addiction ... Redefined
game-hours: 244.6
review: If I had to choose between Civilization V or 3 wishes, i would choose the wishes. That way I could get the game and both its DLCs. Civ is love, civ is life. 10/10
game-hours: 36.2
review: Very Addictive. It's like a board game with awesome graphics. I have already sent hours playing and I will continue to do so. Not many games fully support mods and "Civ 5" has a bloody fantastic modding community, just adding to the hours.
game-hours: 1027.6
review: This game was reccomended to me by a few friends, and when I bought it, I was sceptical. But now, with nearly one thousand hours on record, that scepticism is gone. The game of Civilization is great both on the surface levels with basic gameplay, and in the more strategic and complex features. Anybody can play this game, the turn based aspect is great for people like me who like to think about every move before they make it. The only thing that I will caution you about is the fact that the AI hold grudges bigtime, as in you will declare a war and take one small city (Not even the capital) and another player will hold it against you for four thousand years... I know this from experience. 10/10
game-hours: 126.9
review: Building on the originals its a very time consuming game. But very enjoyable.
game-hours: 256.6
review: Best strategy game out there!
game-hours: 46.7
review: Gandhi. You backstabbing piece of .
game-hours: 29.5
review: Yellow Jam would like if he learnt how to play 10/10
game-hours: 81.8
review: My god, this game is exetremely addicting and takes such a long time. But, it is such a amazing game that you don't care how much time it takes.
game-hours: 44.6
review: Amazing strategy game, nothing bad to say realy however you need alot of spare time to complete a game.
game-hours: 353.9
review: This is Civilisation! Intitally I couldnt get into the Hex grid which was a departure from the earlier games. However after a while I barely noticed it. The expansions have only added to this. If you haven't played this by now and it is your type of game then you need to own this. (And what is wrong with you?) Get it at any price.
game-hours: 483.8
review: Lost many hours of my life to this game. Its pretty awesome
game-hours: 76.2
review: throw your money at this
game-hours: 1384.9
review: My favorite thing about this game: it's entirely mouse driven. :3 You can just sit back, use only one hand, and enjoy razing the world. MWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAAAA >:D On a more serious note, this game is totally worth it. If you're going to buy the game I'd strongly recommend getting at least Gods and Kings and Brave New World. I would encourage buying all the DLC while you're at it, but having additional maps and civilizations to play with isn't that much of a game changer.
game-hours: 1034.9
review: I led a communist America that conquered the world with its culture. Good times... good times... Also once watched as Gandhi adopted autocracy and wiped out Japan. Then there was this one time i directed a mostly peaceful Carthage until everyone denounced me. Something in my brain snapped, and i proceeded to begin a rampage that ended in me taking everyone's capital. And that time i became the world leader as the Ottomans after the poor  Shaka voted for me because i liberated his cities from who else but the Scourge of God. Oh, how i laughed... There are some games of Civ that you just never forget... On a more serious note, if you like world history, turn-based strategies, and bringing justice to a war-torn continent, you oughta enjoy this game. Sid Meier's Civilization V allows you to raise a unique civilization from the suspiciously simultaneous discovery of agriculture, build and use great armies, customize your government and political career, and the game even has an encyclopedia incorporated into it to inform you on the civs that you lead to stand the test of time and the badass units you use to get them there. The music's pretty cool, too. I recommend getting the game with all the DLC and on sale, though, if you want the full experience
game-hours: 212.5
review: Damn, Gandhi blew my cities again.
game-hours: 521.2
review: Deity Difficulty: Get your  kicked throughout history. 10/10 would recommend
game-hours: 189.1
review: Great game, I'd go as far to say its better than bubsy 3D, which was one of the most revolutionary games of its time. Tons of replayability. Great strategy. And fun multiplayer. If you're new the the civilization franchise, start here, its the best looking (not counting beyond earth) and is fairly casual friendly, although online is another story. The balance between the civs is... not amazing, but it's something you have to deal with in any game with diverse selections of playable charecters (Or civilizations for this case) NOTE: this game is abismal without the DLC. A lot of things are broken without Brave New World, and Brave New World brightens up the gameplay tremendously. But considering you can buy the complete pack with all DLC for less than $60, its an awesome deal, and if you can't afford this, as of now, i'm sure steam will discount it, so you can throw less of your money at your computer screen.
game-hours: 772.8
review: I have lost so many hours to this game. The amount of content and multiple playthroughs is amazing. Every gamer should have this game in their back pocket.
game-hours: 1384.1
review: Most Addicting game ive ever played
game-hours: 118.0
review: seriously,all I got is crash crash crash crash and crash it's a good game if it can fix it sorry guys,but I'm really annoyed,I spent whole day(literally) try to fix the problem but nothing work well what's above was something happened years ago,now I enjoy the game
game-hours: 4.3
review: poop
game-hours: 510.3
review: Stand in line as we march to the drums of the east, Paralyzed and possessed by crusaders deceased, Lost in the silence, the call from the turbulent times. Bound by the science that lives on the lips of the wise. The beating of a million drums. The fire of a million guns. The mother of a million sons. Civilization. Lost in the silence, they bow to the call of the east. Tantalized and seduced by the demons released. Ears to the ground by the name of the merciless guide sky. Onto the fire that burns in the all seeing eye. The beating of a million drums. The fire of a million guns. The mother of a million sons. Civilization. The beating of a million drums. The fire of a million guns. The mother of a million sons. Civilization.
game-hours: 68.3
review: No Hitler Banana/10
game-hours: 25.1
review: Spent 50 hours playing this game in hot-seat nearly killed my best friend I give it 10/10! Also Steam didn't record time properly so yea ( since I was offline)
game-hours: 53.2
review: i Recomend this game if you own atleast one of the Expansion if not it's a pretty good one, but you get more conetent with the Expansions. IF you like World map Strategy games it's the SERIES for you, this game has deep gameplay and mechanics and oh so good Multiplayer if you are a Strategy fan or Civ fan your PROBABLY going to like it.
game-hours: 488.6
review: This is very good game that gets boing after like 300-400 hours of play time. biggest drawbacks are: - AI of units - ai can build, win with you by science, but if you have like half a brain you will never lose by militarty conquest, it is most apparent in ai moves accross ocean - even having submarine don't help them, because they dont use them! AI had my battleship on plate, with two submarines in range, and it just moved it, without shotting at my ship. it was like most WTF moment in game, and i understood that unit moving was done by some half wit and not a programmer. other that that game is well balanced, i think it can be very entartaining form multiplayer purposes.
game-hours: 112.0
review: Amazing everything: graphics, gameplay you name it and it has it. Win a Peace, Science, Culture, or even a War victory. This is the game for you if you love these command, and strategy games. But the game does require an exceeding amount of patience as one game can last hours and still end up in loss, But it is absolutely one of the funnest things you can do on your devise and i would highley recommend getting it
game-hours: 152.0
review: a wonderful game since the first release. civ 4 was great. civ 5 is great too but it comes with better graphic and the hex grid with a different combat system. i really enjoy this kind of game ... lets do another turn ... oh another turn ... wait one more turn. to me its a real keeper once started u cant stop lol. it offers so many depth in politics, economy, trading, research etc. which is welcome by old players but it might be hard for new comers.
game-hours: 253.4
review: It's allright yeah...
game-hours: 69.1
review: Asked Alexandra for some wool, the whole world declared war on me... Lesson learned don't ask for wool.
game-hours: 108.1
review: HELP ME I CAN'T STOP!!!! Other then the fact that it's one of the most addicting games out there it also has some very good DLC that adds a lot of variety if you have the extra money.
game-hours: 1171.6
review: it's ok.
game-hours: 37.4
review: You want to recreate Hitler's regime? Maybe become the next Stalin? How bout bending Queen Elizibeth over and ing her in the  with your nuclear diplomacy? Civ V is for you.
game-hours: 51.6
review: wow many gud
game-hours: 29.5
review: Yellow Jam would like if he learnt how to play 10/10
game-hours: 81.8
review: My god, this game is exetremely addicting and takes such a long time. But, it is such a amazing game that you don't care how much time it takes.
game-hours: 46.7
review: Gandhi. You backstabbing piece of .
game-hours: 118.4
review: ONE OF MY FAVORITE GAMES EVER I could play this games for hundreds of hours and never get bored, especially if i'm playing with a friend. Highly reccomend 11/10
game-hours: 24.7
review: Soo good game! You just have to own it, if you like good strategy games! :)
game-hours: 343.8
review: Endless Hours that are worth it! Great Game!
game-hours: 48.1
review: gr9 game
game-hours: 46.6
review: I do not know how to describe Civ V except for amazing. This RTS game may be slow moving but its stratagy is beyond compare. Civ V incorporates History and Gaming in a way that makes it one of the greatest games ive played.
game-hours: 586.9
review: I really loved it! The game was fun. I loved RTS games for as long as i can remember, and this was my first Turn Based Strategy game. I saw some youtube video's of other people playing the game, and i thought "Wow, this game looks really good!" so i begged my dad to get it for me, and he bought the DvD version, and both DLC Packs. I have sunk so many hours into the game because it is so addictive, and really fun! The Advisor council was great in teaching you how to play, and really taught me the ropes. I do recommend this game to anybody who is interested.
game-hours: 23.5
review: superdeeduderee funtastico
game-hours: 113.6
review: mom just one more turn plz
game-hours: 139.4
review: One of my favorites. When you first start the game, you can hardly stop. You can choose a famous leader from throughout the time. And each have it speciality, and you choose how you will conquer the world; By by war, by politic or science and more. Its all up to you. This game is a must. Prepare to be consumed for hours. :D 10/10 <3
game-hours: 204.6
review: this game is amazing to the point of rebuilding great empires or civilizations and breaking them down to control the world.
game-hours: 52.8
review: Civ 5 is one the best stradegy games I have played in a while. It will take you many hours to complete a game and there are hundreds of hours of replayablity. The multiplayer also works well. If you are trying to find a new stradegy game that you can spend a lot of time in, look no farther.
game-hours: 155.9
review: Buy it, play it. Done. Nothing else needs to be said.
game-hours: 206.5
review: Amazing Game 11/10
game-hours: 55.1
review: Got this game for free, cannot stop playing until it finishes. 10/10.
game-hours: 169.1
review: 10/10, will have to take history exam again.
game-hours: 141.8
review: Nuking Simulator 2010
game-hours: 680.6
review: I used logically irresistible methods and initiatives grounded in Co-operation, Friendship, and Paternalism in the name of the Righteously-Guided God-Emperor to reluctantly yet out of necessity annex, under ethically restrained duress, the entire continent which composed the Egyptian Empire into my Greater East Asian Co-Prosperity Sphere. Working together, we shall strive to protect the Far East, which includes northeast Africa, from the savage and insatiable barbarian greed and aggression which inevitably results from Western Imperialism, and all of its various excesses and immoralities. I also made anime into an entire religion by implying that it wasn't one already. "38/10 I guess it's okay" - Mr. Haha Funnymaymay, IGN
game-hours: 17.9
review: Scumbag Ghandi. Kill him yearly when you reach riflemen and he still has medieval units. Also watch for Napoleon - he likes to fight - bring units close to his borders to slow him down.
game-hours: 229.8
review: Best one since civ 2
game-hours: 40.0
review: Any essence of a life I had this game has taken,,,
game-hours: 9.8
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V Is a strategy game, If you like games like Age of Empires and Command and Conquer this is definately the game for you, It requires thinking and time. It's a very good game, I have playyed it for 4 hours straight with friends who wanted me to get this game, Hope by this review you will get it too! I rate it a 8/10 Because the graphics could have been a little better. But the gameplay is just fantastic!
game-hours: 47.0
review: Great game, easy to play and very fun. After playing too much it starts getting boring, maybe the multiplayer it's a great thing to try. 8/10
game-hours: 49.9
review: Great game.
game-hours: 114.5
review: A great game in almost all possible ways, a must have!
game-hours: 17.7
review: This game is just like the movie Lincoln...Really boring and goes on for ing ever.
game-hours: 38.7
review: Works well on linux!
game-hours: 50.1
review: . 10/10
game-hours: 55.2
review: To Alpha Centauri!!
game-hours: 379.4
review: Go out on an adventure, be honerouble, get resources, build armies and wage war. Or go diplomatic, make deals and get rich. You controll your civilisation, you decide what it does and it is your mission to bring glory to your people. The game is amazing and you can play it thousands of times over and it wont be the same thing again, you can play it alone or with friends, if you play it alone you will find your self in situations where you say "just 5 minutes" and then 5 hours later you are still playing this game taking over your next city. The possibilities of what you do are endless, the nations you play are plenty full and the fun you can have is limitless. The game has its problems though, it is very CPU bound and when you have a large map upon discovering everything there is almost a guarantee that there will be graphical glitches(tested on both a r9 270 and a hd 6870), the AI are predictable, they almost always end up denouncing or attacking you even if you are on extreamly friendly terms with them, which makes playing with friends more fun as they are less predictable but playing against AI is still good. Do i reccomend this strategy game? absolutely. Is it worth the money for the DLC's? 100%. however if you don't like turn based strategy games you should turn around now since this is it, it is turn based which comes with its advantages and disadvantages.
game-hours: 16.0
review: doesent work on linux 10/10
game-hours: 76.5
review: Fun game all around! Best played multiplayer.
game-hours: 23.5
review: Very good game. Hours of time wasted in it.
game-hours: 141.5
review: Great Game after the masses of DLC!
game-hours: 266.7
review: 12/10 would bribe other civilisaions to murder each other again,(would write a proper review but my mouse had a sezure and deleted and i couldnt be aresed to type it all out again)
game-hours: 54.8
review: I can not recommend this, for your life shall slowly fade away 10/10
game-hours: 150.0
review: So after hundreds of hours on a friend's account, this is the game that finally made me sign up with steam. After a grueling reading session through the tutorial, this game consumed my life as Katherine asked to be allies only to stab me in the back and Ghandi turned out to be not so peaceful. The interface is extremely friendly and the easier games are forgiving as you learn the ropes. Once you have a strategy down, watch it get thrown out the window as you play the higher difficulty settings. (BnW was a revelation.) I could've stuck with my friends' accounts, but then we tried the multi-player interface and I got killed as my human buddies weren't so forgiving. This game is great and makes you feel like you know history (which is rewritten depending on who you're playing as).
game-hours: 841.8
review: Please don't buy this game. It will corrupt you. You seen Frodo with that Ring - it's like that but much worse. My friend has been driven to constant paranoia for fear of nuclear strikes. If you choose to buy this game, run away, hide, kiss your children goodbye, cos nothing will be able to save you.
game-hours: 155.8
review: AMAZINGGGGGGG
game-hours: 317.1
review: *Gets into war with gandhi for a couple hundred of years* *Both sides drop nukes*(Gandhi alot more!) *Takes all of his city's apart from his capital* *Gandhi comes to me for a peace treaty for whales and crab* 11/10 Would give crabs nobel peace prize again....
game-hours: 56.0
review: If you already don't have a life, you've got nothing to lose. Get it already.
game-hours: 28.5
review: Awesome.
game-hours: 458.2
review: It's alright I guess
game-hours: 153.4
review: This is one of the best games I have ever played. Creating a civilization from scratch and building up an empire so overwhelming that every other seems inferior. If you are the type of person to dominate the world with your own empire, in every political way possible (cultural, domination, etc) then you should get this game! Personally I prefer to take over the world with the brute force of my army.
game-hours: 30.2
review: Probably the best game in the Civ series so far. I enjoy playing it and everytime I start the game it's hard to quit. I would recommend this game to every fan of the civ series and to everyone searching for a challenge and good gameplay.
game-hours: 171.5
review: Fantastic game, it's a shame that the base game itself isn't the best. The DLC (G&K and Brave New World) are basically needed to get the full game experience, which ramps up the price quite a bit. Still, one of my favorite games of all time.
game-hours: 14.6
review: An excellent strategy game, but be aware that the hours fly playing it.
game-hours: 92.1
review: Seriously addictive, you'll play for 1/2 an hour and end up stopping 3 hours later.
game-hours: 424.8
review: 11/10. It's ok
game-hours: 52.3
review: I can't stop... this game's a tad bit too addicting. You can win with science. yay...
game-hours: 53.9
review: just dont expect ghandi to let you live
game-hours: 43.0
review: Always fun. Can put it down and pick it up whenever and I'll have a good time
game-hours: 19.3
review: User friendly for those who are fairly unfamiliar with the RTS genre and gameplay. It's addicting, enough to the point where I'd be up till 3am and not realize it; just blankly looking at my screen and yelling "ING GOD DAMN ALEXANDER STOP TRYING TO START A WAR WITH ME." It is amazingly fun and the games can go on for a very long time, I think my first game lasted about 9~10 hours. It's an RTS fan's staple and for good reason.
game-hours: 21.0
review: If you like being America and conquering everyone and everything like I do, then this is the game for you!
game-hours: 242.1
review: WARNING, EXERCISE CAUTION. If you are considering picking up Civ 5 then you MUST beaware of it's incredibly addictive nature. This is the game series that spawned the phrase "Just one more turn. *8 hours later* Just. One. More. Turn"
game-hours: 182.4
review: When I got this game I downloaded it and thought nothing of it. Played at noon and thought why do people get so addicted to this game? Next thing I know it was 3 A.M.
game-hours: 10.8
review: >Founded a new religion >used icon for Shinto >called it Gateyness >10/10 would make drunk religion again.
game-hours: 64.8
review: Juan moar turn?
game-hours: 59.4
review: I started this map, right, and it was me (as Mongolia), and Siam, and Japan. Japan declared war on me in... oh, must have been 1000 BC, or thereabouts (unprovoked, by the way). Siam joined forced with them, and they started to bully me. I pushed them back, and fought with Siam, which was nearest, for around 2000 years before I finally conquered them. Japan was still at war with me that whole time, too, although their attacks were infrequent and kind of pathetic. But when I took Siam down, oh NO, they weren't gonna give in. 1000 years of bloodshed later I discovered nukes and wiped them off the face of the earth. Which in hindsight might be considered insensitive, but, hey, they started it. And so ended the THREE THOUSAND YEAR WAR. 10/10 would take over the world again Seriously though, what the hell was with that?
game-hours: 635.0
review: great game, addictive, whatever all the other reviews say is true... at least for someone like me. my friends get bored with it easily, but this is my perfect kind of game. i played it non stop for a week the first time i discovered it. i was so eager to unveil everything about the game, like the technologies, units, how cities work... everything. i was like a little kid learning about the world for the first time. i just wish i could find a multiplayer game that wouldn't end after 30 minutes.
game-hours: 42.4
review: I met Gandhi --- I thought that I would win the game ('merica) I traded with Gandhi --- He *^&%ing took all of my uranium and barely paid me (I was new and oblivious to this) I denounced puny little Russia --- I was new and oblivious I destroyed Russia --- Gandhi liked Russia Ghandi still had my uranium --- I forgot about this I unlocked submarines --- Thought that I was the king of the world Declared war on Gandhi --- He had my uranium (I didn't know this) Hit Gandhi's first city --- It was a size one city Ended my turn --- (Big mistake) Watched all others take turns --- (Big mistake) Ghandi took turn --- He hit me with musketmen first Then, over the horizon, a large shape appeared. It rained death upon my marines, and moved with the speed of Shadowfaux. However, as soon as it had started, it was over, or so I thought. Is I relaxed and prepared to demolish the dark shape, sirens echoed out of my speakers. I knew at this moment that my time had come. Ghandi nuked Washington DC 14/10 Most accurate world government simulator
game-hours: 32.1
review: its a alrigt game
game-hours: 222.9
review: AMAZING game! a must have for almost anyone
game-hours: 92.7
review: 10/10 - IGN, "It's okay"
game-hours: 559.5
review: Love it! lost waaaaay to many hours to this addicting game
game-hours: 22.4
review: Want to make history? Want to have your own empire? Need to be worshiped like a god? Need to nuke someone today? Play this game and all your wishes will come true. Express your inner king, whip those lazy peasants, rule the world! Beautiful game with amazing game mechanics, now even better with the 2 expansions, makes you want to play all day long.
game-hours: 284.5
review: My friend took Newyork from me so I couldnt have the fountin of youth, decided he didn't want the fountin so he razed the city and demanded 2 gold and 1 horse for a peace between our nations. 10/10 would lose again.
game-hours: 201.2
review: 10/10 would nuke civs three eras behind in technology again!
game-hours: 124.4
review: This game can become very addicting.
game-hours: 61.7
review: This game makes my netherregions very confused. 10/10
game-hours: 237.3
review: Good game, but FIX FU*KING MULTIPLAYER
game-hours: 222.2
review: DERPA DERPA
game-hours: 43.1
review: Murdered Nobunaga as Senator Armstrong from Metal Gear Rising. Then got nuked by Ghandi. 10/10
game-hours: 178.4
review: Diplomacy, culture and science victories can be summarized in clicking on the right buildings until you win Only fun if you win via domination
game-hours: 225.2
review: One of the best games I have played. I highly recommend checking this out, and on sale, woah, you'll regret not.
game-hours: 79.7
review: Very original game which has brought lots of fun memories for me and my buddies :) If you want a strategic game based on real time events, buy this!
game-hours: 321.6
review: Best damn time machine on the planet. You start playing this and then bam! 12 hours of your life just went away.
game-hours: 58.5
review: It says I've played 47 hours, but there are about 20 that weren't tracked for some reason. I've started two games and finished one in that time. Just one more turn...
game-hours: 81.5
review: This game is the best. Its a 10/10 Except for the time you will spend playing it! 11pm turns into 4in the morning before you know it. I was so into today that I forgot today was my friends birthday....oppps Can't wait for the new one!
game-hours: 152.6
review: lots of fun if u have da hours
game-hours: 538.8
review: I've played this enough to fully appreciate the quality and depth of this game. It is well made an a worthy installment to the Civilization series. It isn't perfect, but diamonds in nature don't come clean and cut. Graphics are solid at max settings. Water effect is dazzling at times, and watching my slaves, er, I mean unionized workers hammer away to build my roads always brings a grin to my face. Combat animations are fun and unqiue to unit types, but occasionally they do get repetitive especially when there is one stubborn barbarian using your soldiers' heads like golf balls. One animation I really think they did well on is the atomic bomb although I may be biased because watching that go off on my foes capital does make me chuckle heartedly. I swear I'm a nice a guy. Gameplay is exquisite I find especially after the inclusion of Brave New World. There is a game style for almost any type of player as well as a civilization that goes along with it. You like to be aggressive and burn down your friends countryside and country people? Well the Zulus are for you. If they're your neighbour you know you need big walls. Is building large empires and just blobbing out your thing? Well I'm certain being the Emperor of Rome is the job for you. More of a hide-behind-big-freaking-cities-and-laugh-because-your-ideology-is-destroying-enemy-happiness-and-purpose-in-life type of person? Well you still have a hard time because troops win games, but you can definitely be a big world power throwing your propaganda at poor unsuspecting Civs with the Bearded-Brazillian mind control technique, or tourism as this game calls it. The amount of dynamic things you can do and experience with this game is great and I would say it is defnitely worth experiencing for everyone. A sidenote on gameplay is especially if you dont like to build many early units is always be prepared to be suddenly sad in the early game most of all. Play this game like simcity with disasters turn on. Hide your workers, hide your great people and hide your settlers because barbarians be pillaging your improvements out here. Interface can be a bit confusing if you're not used to it but seeing as you are with it most of the game it gets pretty convenient to use. And the controls are intuitive so I dont see too much mucking about happening if you're getting into games like this. This is probably one of those games I would love to play on a touchscreen that I converted into a table top. Be all futuristic commander-like. Anyone else? Mom? Just me. If you're looking for a great easy-going time-spending game this is a great one for that. It also has some nice multiplayer so it can be a party! The replayability is very vast due to the immense possible combinations and randomly generated maps. The mods also add a fantastic singleplayer experience. Conquering Virtual Westeros has never been more fun. I give this game two thumbs up sadly steam only lets me do one. I probably forgot to mention and go over a few things, but just felt like doing this on the fly. Hopefully it's bearable. Thanks for reading.
game-hours: 367.2
review: Best game
game-hours: 151.7
review: 10/10 Would buy again (if for some strange reason steam doesn't exist in the future)
game-hours: 159.2
review: I love this game but I suspect it may be a time machine. I have started many a game before bed and before I even have the chance to notice it is already morning.
game-hours: 72.5
review: This game takes time and bends it in every way possible. Wake up at 8am and next minute its 8pm. :)
game-hours: 67.6
review: This is a fun game when played with friends, easy to learn and set up multiplayer games.
game-hours: 82.9
review: Amazing strategic gameplay, especially in late game. This is one of those games which you need friends to play with or you wont get too much enjoyment out of the game. I would choose this game any day of the week over any of the other strategic (turn based and not turn based) games available on steam. It is a pricey game, but it is well worth it, I got it for 20 USD on sale. I would recommend also getting all DLC's, if not all DLC's then at least get Brave New World and/or Gods and Kings. It really ups the gameplay and the amount of things you can do in the game. 10/10 would nuke and giant death robot again
game-hours: 238.0
review: best game ever so much fun played it for more the 100 i suggest this to all strategy loving people
game-hours: 66.4
review: New to the Civilization series. Played it for 8 hours on the first day.
game-hours: 89.1
review: This is one of the best games ever made of its kind, you can it play for hours without getting bored. I recommend this game to everyone who is interested in a well made strategic game. It offers enough to keep you interested wether you play it alone or with friends.
game-hours: 5.0
review: This is one of the best strategy game ever. You can keep playing for hours, even days. *Don't mind my hrs record, I've played this game long before I bought its steam version.
game-hours: 243.8
review: If you're into quick games that require little skill and strategies then this is NOT the game for you... After playing one game over the period of several days you really get competetive when playing friends, with all the armies, planes and missles heading towards you. I would highly recommend this game for casual gamers who have inventive ideas on different ways to take down their friends. Wether it be lying or distracting people there is always a way to win. This game definately deserves a 9/10. I wouldn't give it a 10 because there is times at which the game crashes often, even though it does fix itself by reloading it can get annoying.
game-hours: 412.4
review: In my opinion it's one o the best in the series (Ex aequo with Civ 3). Performace isn't too bad even on old (~4 years old PC) or my 'not so powerful' school laptop. Definitely it's worth full price (now even better with 50% off). Grab it and grab a friend or few to play and have fun!
game-hours: 73.7
review: The best loading-simulator game EU!
game-hours: 250.2
review: Exelent game. Very interesting.
game-hours: 299.6
review: I buy game. I like game. I love game. You do anything to my game I hate you. I hate you I invade you. You Ghandi. You nuke me. I invade you. You nuke me. Im sad. 10/5 best game
game-hours: 54.5
review: I was never a big fan of the Civilization series, but this one has made me rethink my concepts about the accoladed turn-based strategy classic.
game-hours: 54.2
review: If Ghandi approaches you and asks for a Friendship Treaty, DO NOT SIGN IT. HE WILL BACKSTAB YOU AND DESTROY YOUR HARD EARNED CITIES AND UNITS.  YOU GHANDI.
game-hours: 93.1
review: It's evolution, baby.
game-hours: 300.3
review: It's a fun game.
game-hours: 2457.1
review: Yep it's Good. I've spent a few hours playing.
game-hours: 288.9
review: said to family: "one more turn!" 400 turns later I get nuked by Gandhi who continues to burn down my cities and I lose. 11/10 ign
game-hours: 34.2
review: It's nice bud
game-hours: 96.5
review: its ok
game-hours: 244.4
review: *recommends game to friends *doesn't see friends for 4 months *cries and goes back to playing civ
game-hours: 8.9
review: Very confusing but gets easier over time, a hard game to stop playing!
game-hours: 303.0
review: No problems installing, and a fantastic gameplay experience. When is Civ 6 coming out?
game-hours: 460.9
review: Found first oil as Arabia, got attacked by America; they pilliged my oil and got out. 10,000/10 for realism
game-hours: 85.7
review: Civ V is amazing. Highly recommended.
game-hours: 201.6
review: To like a startegy game is one thing but this, this takes it to another level of strategy especially when you say to yourself one game or ill just finish my research then your head to head with your biggest rival with greece or something like that and realise i think i've been playing for 6 hours
game-hours: 198.4
review: a big game
game-hours: 52.7
review: Its Okay I guess 11/10
game-hours: 44.0
review: Pretty great! My first 4X Game and it seems very welcoming to new players. I still have only touched the tip of the iceberg of this game so I don't think I have much more valuable insight on it. It is very enjoyable and satisfying to throw days away on this game.
game-hours: 321.4
review: iz good game
game-hours: 241.0
review: This game is awesome Civilization 5 recreates milatary and graphics throughout the series. The main idea is to create a civilization that will stand the test of time. The diplomatic meetings have also been recreated.
game-hours: 63.3
review: 5/5 bretty gud
game-hours: 415.2
review: Scroll back up the page and just buy the game 8/8 m8
game-hours: 37.2
review: This is a pretty good game for single player. I don't see much value in playing it competitivly, as ALL multiplayer games take 4+ hours to complete even though you can usually tell who the winner is 30-60 minutes into the game. The multiplayer of this game revolves around where your starting settler spawns. Start in a terrible area? Enjoy playing from behind the entire game while the guy that didn't spawn inbetween two hostile AIs in the middle of a desert sits back and builds up a 7+ city empire while you're living in war stricken poverty. Even if you manage to overcome the adversities of your starting spawn you're still going to be anywhere from 15-40 turns behind which is unrecoverable unless you're playing against an idiot or a n00b. Buy the game, play the single player.
game-hours: 33.0
review: yes
game-hours: 389.7
review: I hate this game! Just one more turn. How am I supposed to get any sleep or much less do anyhing?
game-hours: 72.9
review: this is addicting
game-hours: 456.7
review: Literally my entire life is now devoted to this.
game-hours: 210.0
review: one of the best games on the market without question,even if you are new to turn based games civilization 5 is a simple and addictive experience that you will be playing for hours on end. 9/10
game-hours: 185.7
review: Keep your friends close, and your enemies even closer.
game-hours: 109.7
review: Don't piss off Gandhi. 10/10 would get nuked again.
game-hours: 115.6
review: It's about time I talked about Civ 5 anyway. To start off, buy this and you will be addicted to it like pot. You shout "one or more turns wouldn't hurt". What seemed like a few minutes turned into hrs and you finally notice that you're dead.... but you still continue to play Civ 5 (just my imagination). Anyway! This game is in fact amazing. It's a great TBS that will keep you thinking about your tactics throughout the whole game save. It will keep you hours on end and can be very unpredictable (unless you've played alot like me). The unique gameplay is very engaging and thus keeps you playing no matter what is happening (sarcasm intended?) So there are still many things I would like to say but I'll try keep this short. Obviously if you are thinking of buying this, you should also buy Civ's many dlcs (in a pack ofc) as it will literally glue you to your computer screen (sarcasm? >.<). The game allows you to play lots of great leaders (infamous and famous) and ultimately crush other civilisations. Got your attention yet? There are some things to note such as after you play civ with dlc you wouldn't want to go back to vanilla civ. Another thing I do want to point out is that for some reason civ's achievements is very glitchy and therefore says like 15% completed and says that some I haven't done even though I have done things like "anex a city state which has been previously puppeted". Just something you might needed to know ^^ So overall, civ 5 had given me many memorable hours of gameplay (believe it or not I play on offline mode too) and you can also smash your friends (or get smashed) in competative multiplayer for more fun. But seriously, this monster of a game should be banned as a drug! But not really because I really like this drug XD 11/10
game-hours: 665.1
review: IM NOT ADDICTED, I CAN STOP WHENEVER I WANT
game-hours: 29.9
review: I massacred thousends of Russians. It was a ripoff of the third mission of Cod ModWarf2 but i enjoyed it!
game-hours: 120.1
review: Amazing Game
game-hours: 231.4
review: I give this game a 9/10 I spent countless hours playing this time sucking game, and I loved every bit of it. There were a few bugs here and there but nontheless, great game!
game-hours: 120.0
review: "Guys I'm pretty cived out, I don't think I will play any more." *proceeds to play another 50 hours*
game-hours: 221.9
review: Excellent game of excellence. Get it.
game-hours: 78.4
review: Had the game for 1 week or so, played almost 40 hours............  YEAH I RECOMMEND THIS GAME!
game-hours: 174.3
review: I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys the civilization series, likes turn based game play and who generally likes strategy games. The good + Extremely fun game play. + Endless re-playability. + Great visuals. + Great multiplayer. + A tons of mods to try out. + Cool and interesting Civilizations. The Bad - A.I. needs some works but can still play a decent game against a human player( but many strategy games need better A.I. so its not too bad compared to other strategy games) - The DLC is a little bit too expensive. - The difficulty needs be less about A.I. cheats but more about making the A,I, smarter for a better challenge. But still I find this game to be one of the most fun and best strategy games out there. So check out!!!
game-hours: 117.7
review: Excellent game to waste time with. You could easily (accidentally) drop 8 hours into this game in one session.
game-hours: 190.0
review: This game is lots of fun! But even more fun when you play with friends!
game-hours: 88.4
review: After playing every Civ game growing up, I feel that Civ V while a bit different, was very enjoyable.
game-hours: 545.5
review: Just Look at my PLAYTIME
game-hours: 45.8
review: fite me irl   :))))))))))
game-hours: 49.9
review: A really freakin' funny game! It is really fun to conquer cities, and wreck the enemy! Really good mods aswell, for example you can play as the PC god Gabe Newell, or the Imperials from skyrim in tamriel!! It has this ''Only 1 more turn'' addiction to it, making you sit up all night playing it! You should really buy this if you like stratigy games! I will give it an 10/10 would buy again What are you waiting for? Buy it now!
game-hours: 302.0
review: Was able to still play the game, despite the HardDrive it was stored on crashed and was formatted. Minor texture errors, was still able to continue the multiplayer game.
game-hours: 137.2
review: The game is difficult when you first start but after that you feel that you wouldn't want to change anything. Graphics are very good and adds to the overall experience. I would highly recommend this game to anyone even if they aren't fans of the turn based strategy genre. 10/10
game-hours: 1362.3
review: Amazing game, many hours spent playing, much excitement.
game-hours: 84.4
review: meh
game-hours: 1419.0
review: A VERY addictive game. My personal favourite. I always seem to have a game on the go. But there is one caveat, the platform your using for the game had better be good. My original Civ 5 crashed all the time, and my computer was less than a year old, Civ 5 doesn't use memory very well. It does, however, use a lot of the CPU. I had a quad system, but noticed only one CPU being abused. In spite of all the above, .the game is an excellent relaxing strategy game. One I could never put down, and i know you won't be able to as well. ADDENDUM: This game has greatly improved since my last review (above).. No more crashes while playing offiline, NOT ONE CRASH...and with Brave New World added, greatly improved too...love this game..highly recommended.
game-hours: 36.1
review: I played this game for 10 minutes, after that 4 hours had passed. 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 121.5
review: CCCCCCCCRUSH YOUR ENEMIES! RAZE THEIR CITIES TO THE GROUND! NUKE THEM INTO MUD PUDDLE DRINKING HALF-APES! Or be a  and win some otherway WHICH IS LOSING AS FAR AS I'M CONCERNED! The taste of blood this game invokes doesn't get sweeter...
game-hours: 213.3
review: This game will help you quit heroin
game-hours: 425.2
review: Just One more turn......kids dont know my name...Just one more turn.....Wife leaves me.....just one more turn...forclosure notice on the door....just one more turn...wait...what....god d@^^*% Ghandi!!! Better than Meth. two thumbs up.
game-hours: 160.4
review: I...I dont really remember much about what happened these last two weeks i just... coukdnt stop my self... 15/10 would do it again
game-hours: 830.1
review: Get this game! It's my first steam game and I love it! There's no two tries that are the same and many ways to win!
game-hours: 762.8
review: Can't believe I've put 750 hours into this game over the years. Think that kind of says enough. I love strategy games, and Sid Meier does them best. Many people didn't like the new mechanics of Civ V compared to other previous Civs, but actually I kind of liked them. In fairness, the AI really isn't all that appealing; it kind of "cheats" to win, and isn't all too bright. But I love building my civs and taking on the world for domination.
game-hours: 98.1
review: Fun offline game with unlimited gameplay oppurtunities.
game-hours: 21.5
review: Found it very fun, and a great way to have a long campaign wih a friend that worked very well, unlike other games.
game-hours: 90.5
review: Doesn't take long to get you hooked
game-hours: 718.0
review: is a great game
game-hours: 158.0
review: A Brilliant Game that you can easily lose hours to!
game-hours: 777.1
review: Best Game EVER!
game-hours: 430.8
review: I've been playing Civilization games for many years and still have the original boxes too! I was very skeptical about moving from Civ VI to Civ V given the bad reviews out there at the time of purchase. After 3/4 years and all the expansions, i've found it to be a great addition. The AI still needs improvements and the multiplayer is horrendous but the game itself is super. I highly recommend the game and if you were to play it with other humans, then i'd say choose friends and via LAN!
game-hours: 84.5
review: Even if you don't have a life, Civilization V will take it away from you. Countless hours will be spent defending your empire, building it up, and dealing with the bi-polar leaders you are up against. Ridiculously fun. Buy it, but be warned: it will suck you in.
game-hours: 165.4
review: With hindsight I can tell you that even at full price, the full Civ V package (including DLC's) is well worth the price. This is one of the most complex, interesting and engaging games that I've ever played. You have a massive list of Civ's to play from, which all have unique playstyles suited to them so you can play an infinite amount of games (each of which can easily last 10 hours) with AI controlled opponents, or your friends online. Not only do the variety of Civ's make the game so deep but also the map choices that you're given. You can choose your favourite map type (of which there are Continents, Islands and Pangea to name a few) which are all randomly generated, or pick the random map type for a surprise. If you somehow get bored of that there are also a number of scenarios that you can play in, as well as the ability to crank up the difficulty to insane levels, or piss easy ones if you just enjoy stomping on everyone. I can guarantee that if you think that you'll enjoy this game that you will, I thought about it for a year and finally got it in the winter sale and can only sing it praises. But if you're REALLY unsure about whether you want it and you don't want to drop the money on it, then there is a demo available to get you hooked so I recommend trying that out before buying the game. I highly recommend this game at a 9/10, it will absolutely ruin your life. I should currently be doing work but Just... One... More... Turn...
game-hours: 92.1
review: Great game, its worth your monies if your willing to sell your soul to the game for about 30+ hours strait for an amazing time :D
game-hours: 11.0
review: France killed me... with a nuke 12/10
game-hours: 3986.7
review: Took over whole world, only had india left until domination victory completion, the only victory type enabled. It was turn 430. I lost five turns later. The nukes man. The nukes. 1000/100 would get nuked again
game-hours: 501.3
review: This game is amazing! You may have seen Sid meier's Civization beyond earth. I still recommend this game rather than that because there as been more work on it than the new one. If you buy this game you will want to buy all of the exspansions for it. The exspansions exspand the game so much, the base game is not near as fun as all of the exspansions combined. I really would reccomend this game. I play with my uncle all of the time and we kill each otheror work together, and not even talking about all of the fun of smack talk! This game is amazing to play and even better playing with freinds and family. If you buy this game make sure to get someone you know to play with you. Also make sure to practice so much that you crush whoever you play with in an istant, this game lets you achive complete and utter power. Buy this game.
game-hours: 193.5
review: Fun.
game-hours: 51.1
review: this game would probably be a lot better if my friends weren't so  and played with me. but other than that great game, make sure you get both expansions!
game-hours: 257.4
review: The newest iteration of one of the greatest series in gaming. 250+ hours on my steam version, which is one of three versions that I've sunk a lot of time into.
game-hours: 487.9
review: Fantastic strategy game (with the expansions-- it's still pretty good without them). Challenging, satisfying, and replayable.
game-hours: 286.1
review: best game ever
game-hours: 364.1
review: One of the best strategy games I've played - an improvement in many aspects over Civ IV. As of the last expansion the game feels fully realised, balancing combat, economics, diplomacy, religion and culture superbly. AI, graphics, and UI are all up to scratch, while the mechanics are accessible but with time-consuming depth. Equally fun alone or with friends - no other game has the same 'one more turn' addiction - 10/10
game-hours: 170.4
review: Easily my favorite strategy game and one of my top games overall. It requires smarts, cunning diplomicy skills, and lots of multitasking. With the Complete Edition now out, you can buy the game and all the DLC (which makes the game even better) for a very fair price. I can only say good things about this game except for one thing: the combat is fairly lacking. They had a good idea with all of the terrain bonuses and debuffs, but when it comes to PvP, it's just hard to be able to attack and move your troops around, because a lot of the time, it's whoever clicks first wins. Obviously that's not the case all the time and the combat is still pretty ok, but if I had to make any complaint, it would be that. However, all around, this is a fastastic game and easily worth buying the Complete Edition.
game-hours: 15.4
review: Germany and Russia went on a quest to rule the world. 10/5 would conquer again -IGN
game-hours: 8.6
review: it's pretty cool...
game-hours: 134.1
review: Esse jogo  muito bom! Separa umas 10hr do seu dia para jogar hahahaha
game-hours: 1.9
review: it is a game
game-hours: 94.5
review: Played this game so much it destroyed my friendships. Now, I can play without being bothered 10/10.
game-hours: 39.6
review: its ok
game-hours: 141.8
review: Love this game its where you get to form your own empire and go from the stone age to the space age with so many world leaders and figures like George Washington, Ghandi, Bismarck, and many more. so many different possibilities its just a wonderful game
game-hours: 148.8
review: 11 hour game of domination to conquer the world, ended up losing a 1v1 against Gandhi because he had an army of giant death robots. 11/10
game-hours: 29.9
review: An improvement over previous Civ games, and twice as addictive
game-hours: 53.4
review: Great turn based strategy. Very addictive with a lot of depth. A lot of replay value.
game-hours: 52.2
review: JUST ONE MORE TURN you yell at 3 am after playing for 5 hours straight on the same game
game-hours: 743.6
review: At first Civ V was pretty rocky. There were a lot of problems with the initial release in terms of game balance and fun. However, I remembered full well the release of the original Civ III and Civ IV games, and the same was true for their vanilla versions. Both were made immensely more-playable by their subsequent expansions. The same is true for Civ V. With patches and expansions, it has grown into an addictive gaming experience worthy of the Civilization franchise. Almost all of the new game mechanics are winners, from hexagonal tiles to social policies to the culture system... Almost, I say. The big, huge, massive flaw of this game is irrepairable, and that is the 1 Unit per Tile restriction. While I've no problem with implementing some sort of restrictions to limit Stacks of Doom and massive unit spam, the 1UPT system is ultimately the wrong way to do it. Turning 1000-mile stretches of the map into tactical battlefields might be fun for the Panzer General crowd, but it slows the game down and leads to unpleasant unit shuffling. It also doesn't make much sense that Bronze Age archers can fling arrows over hundreds of miles of terrain. If you want a tactical battle system in Civ, then adopt the Imperialism mechanic of switching to turn-based battles on localized battlefield maps instead of having them on the main map. Forcing players to move countless units around the map just makes multi-player tedious as you wait for your opponents to move and move and move... But honestly, even with 1UPT, Civ V is excellent. It has grown to supplant Civ IV as my strategy game of choice these days, which is saying something.
game-hours: 947.0
review: Love
game-hours: 21.8
review: I think I may have just found a game to replace TF2...
game-hours: 82.4
review: this game is the game that will make you late to work if you play it. right now i'm still getting used to it, will update review later, but right now, 100% worth getting it!
game-hours: 248.5
review: I am reviewing this game. You should purchase this game should you possess the required funds.
game-hours: 119.8
review: Definitely a Must Buy as it really worth the price you pay for. A game that uses strategy and planing in order to conquer or achieve a certain objective. Isn't it everyone dream to take over the world or being the leader of an advance nation? well at least for me :). If single player is just not your thing, get a bunch of friends and start teaming up or backstabbing them in the back to gain control in Multiplayer :) do remember is just a game though dont get serious when one bite your back haha. Great game, for those who enjoy turn base and strategy game :) . it so interesting till you don't realize you have played it for hours haha
game-hours: 293.7
review: Brave New World Expansion just made this game even better. Ever wanted to play and take part in a subtle satire towards western worlds policy of subtle collonisation? Finally I can be a coward and hide behind trade sanctions and luxuary bannings. Starving millions and salting the earth of my enemies Take that Darius!
game-hours: 184.6
review: If your looking for a game that let's you literally rule an entire empire againest other empires through the test of time, then you should give this game a go. It's very addictive and will make you keep going turn through turn, only to look at the clock to realise what felt like and hour, turned into seven instead.
game-hours: 133.5
review: BE VERY CAREFUL PLAYING THIS GAME!!! You make think you know what time it is, time to nuke Gandhi, but you realize that 3 days have passed since you have started your game and you haven't drank or ate in the last 18 hours. This game keep you saying "Just one more turn!" but don't let it make your decisions for you, like when you should use the bathroom or when you should get another sandwich. If you see this game on sale buy it immediately, oh and Brave New World did amazing things for this game, buy it as well.
game-hours: 203.7
review: With gods and kings and brave new world, this game is the finished product. Cant recomendi it enough for turn based stragety fans. A giant that will be hard to beat for 6.
game-hours: 163.6
review: great game, has its flaws but makes up for it with its great replayability. its even more fun if you play it with friends.
game-hours: 309.5
review: Civ V is a a great game, provided you have the Gods and Kings, and Brave New World expansions. Vanilla Civ V is clunky and incomplete. But with the addition of the two expansions this game turns from a dud into the best game in the franchise. I highly recommend buying this with the two expansions, if you can afford it.
game-hours: 491.5
review: The beginning and end of TBS. Amazing.
game-hours: 779.7
review: I really like this game! Civilization V is a very great game: tactics, politics, economy... You will spend a lots of hours of your life with it!
game-hours: 138.9
review: This game is for those who like staretegy games but want to have some more time to think what to do.
game-hours: 122.6
review: Great game, but the games take ages so prepare for that.
game-hours: 67.3
review: Civ V is Civ V. Buy it, play it, enjoy it.
game-hours: 35.8
review: I never expected to be drawn to a Civ game. They never really appealed to me before. However, this game remains my most played on Steam and I constantly keep telling myself "Just one more turn!" I recommend this to everyone!
game-hours: 90.2
review: Killed a hell of a lot of time, had a great few laughs. Learned that Ghandi is a prick. 10/10 Would recommend
game-hours: 361.8
review: for those who love strategy games this game is for you. I have played countless hours of this game. Theres alot you can play around with. Especially get the game with brave new world because it adds a lot more to the game.
game-hours: 1.7
review: Fantastic game there!
game-hours: 461.3
review: I feel naught but gluttony when I descend into the depths of this game. Before me stands a vast planet, ripe for the fruits of conquest. My conquest. Thousands of years pass and my empire is never satiated. Despite the marvels of the world laying to waste in the empire's glorious capital, the citizens of this utopia cry and beg for more. The great Pyramids and ancient wonders go unattended as people demand for new marvels. Food is never of want, yet they demand for more. Rivers run with gold yet they demand it to be filled with the blood of my enemies. I plead for my empire to embrace the peace which I've fought milennia for. Watching a small band of settlers build a vast nation expanding multiple continents only to succumb to their bloodlust sickens me. I digress. Every click of the mouse casts years ahead in this virtual heroin pit, yet hours fly by as I slowly watch myself lose interest in the plights of real life. Yes I should relieve myself in a bathroom, or shower, or attend to the various pleas of my family to pick up the phone and let them know I still draw breath. I cannot abandon my love though. I press forward and embrace my citizens as they were my own kin. I watch in horror as opposing civilizations, who have lived side by side, as allys, trade partners, research collaborators, and friends turn to their own demands and launch vast assaults on my beloved people. The only affirmation this game offers is the demonic plague which will steal your humanity, and cast your selfish demons upon you.
game-hours: 32.3
review: This is virtual heroin.
game-hours: 147.1
review: Awesome game, better than 4
game-hours: 330.9
review: Nothing like turning Babylon into a Pious Jewish Republic.
game-hours: 43.1
review: Fun strategy game. Would defininitly recommed it.
game-hours: 811.8
review: Since everyone else is placing their reviews, and having around 30-50 hours of gametime, I figured I'd put my word in and close the time gap. This game is AMAZING, you will NOT regret getting it. It's not a waste of time, nor is it a waste of money. This game will have you playing it over and over repeatedly. Replay value? Definately a lot. In fact, if you were to buy this game right now, and you've liked the gameplay videos and screenshots, I'm positive you'd like to play the game for yourself. Go ahead and buy it if it's your cup of tea! It's very fun, and you'll enjoy yourself. :)
game-hours: 39.1
review: Yes. Game addicting and fun. Frusterating sometimes but good. I like being Washington.
game-hours: 203.5
review: Best Game ever!
game-hours: 285.2
review: <3
game-hours: 17.3
review: Love the graphics compared to Civ IV! And as always, an awesome soundtrack xx
game-hours: 462.5
review: Awesome Game, but far to many Achievements this will take forever to collect most of them ;-).
game-hours: 305.3
review: After playing Civ V, the most obvious conclusion that I can come to is that it is just my favourite game. It's just great fun, and the Gods and Kings expansion is a must - adding news units as well as religion. Brave New World also seemingly adds a similar level of depth, although I'm yet to pick that up, and I just hope that more content is added. So, 2K, your people look to you to create more DLC to stand the test of time
game-hours: 48.1
review: Really good turn based strategy game
game-hours: 166.1
review: Want to finish college and find a job? Do not buy this game!
game-hours: 132.3
review: "Sell the house. Sell the car. Sell the kids. Find someone else. Forget it. I'm never coming back. Forget it."- Typical Civ player an hour after they've started playing. This game will devour your time, and you will love every minute of it. Buy it now.
game-hours: 41.2
review: Classic game, the fifth iteration is by far the best! After a bit shaky 4, the fifth take on the immortal classic by Sid Meier hits the sweet spot. Not only is it gorgeous, smooth, and well-designed graphically, but it offers a great variety of features and complexity which does not feel forced. Recommend to play with both addons available to date. "Gods and kings" was not particularly good when it came out, felt a bit early and not ready. The second addon though fixed all of the problems, while expanding those that felt a bit lacking. If you got that turn-based-itch, look no further than this game =)
game-hours: 277.9
review: AMAZING! You should get this if you don't already have it. ( Always kill every other civilization o.o or they keel you!)
game-hours: 82.6
review: Without a doubt one of the most dangerous addictive gaves I have played.
game-hours: 321.7
review: The beans have never been cooler
game-hours: 390.6
review: Definitly one of the greatest games of all time. Playing as some of the greatest civilizations ever to walk the Earth you must race for victory. Unlike some games, in this there is multiple paths to take on your way to victory, including scientific advancement, taking over the world, and discovering the United Nation. This game never gets old and is always fun to play.
game-hours: 2.3
review: I say, playing as Oda Nobunaga and getting George Cromwell born in the land of the rising sun really made me smile. And Gandhi nuked Osaka twice.
game-hours: 99.9
review: I bought this game about a year and a half ago. I had read many reviews saying that this was a terrible game and that buying this would be a mistake. I originally heeded these and bought Civ 4 instead. One day I was at Target and saw it on the shelf and decided to try it out and see how it was. I am so glad I decided to buy it. I have 90+ hours and it is still fun. The one unit per tile is nice because it eliminates the person who would group 50 units on one tile and totally demolish you. The original damage system was good, and with the 2 expansion packs it is even better. I remember that in Civ 4 I frequently saw archers take down helicopters and it angered me. It now has a damage system of 1-100 so with each archer giving 1 damage it would now take 100 archers to take down one helicopter. The original game is very good, and the 2 currently available expansion packs make it even better. Gods and Kings adds religion, more Countries, more units, etc. Brave New World improves religion adds tade routes, adds civs, units, etc. The game is worth $30, but commonly goes on sale for $7.50 so you should just wait for a sale. I would give this a 9/10.
game-hours: 267.3
review: This is worse than crack , 11/10 , would buy again !
game-hours: 66.6
review: If you buy a game purely from how much hours you get from it, this game should be worth 100+. It's  how much time I spent the first week I got this game. I spent the whole first week playing this game. Wake up, play, eat, sleep. Wake up, play, eat, sleep. For a week. FOR ONE GAME OF CIV. Just buy it if you want to lose the rest of your days. It is now belong to Sid Meier.
game-hours: 30.2
review: this game is amazing!
game-hours: 114.4
review: A must have for anyone who likes turn based strategy games. The game itself is fun and simple. It's a bit overwhelming at first, but when you get down to it and play a couple of turns, do a bit of reading on the units and structures, it'll all make sense. It is, however, a lengthy game. It could take hours or days to finish a single game. This is practically this game's only major flaw.
game-hours: 187.8
review: Addicting. ... like its predecessors... a game to spend the whole day saying , just one more turn ...how i missed my Civ Marathons ^^ !
game-hours: 169.3
review: An excellent strategy and conquest game, completely worth the 20$.
game-hours: 232.7
review: Awesome Game... But not enough hats.
game-hours: 90.5
review: 1 more turned' my spring break away 10/10
game-hours: 491.1
review: Awesome game which requires much intelligence
game-hours: 193.0
review: Sometimes I play this game and my dog starts floating.
game-hours: 203.5
review: Great game
game-hours: 53.3
review: Good game to play with a some freinds. Better with the dlc
game-hours: 533.5
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 195.7
review: I've spent so much time in this game that it's not even funny. At least when noting the fact that I've yet to actually finish a game. Seriously, I love this game though it can get a little tiring in the later stages of the games.
game-hours: 169.0
review: This game is great to play with friends and is extremely enjoyable. Its a blast to play with others, as you make alliances, trade with other civs, and race to make the best civilization. Single player mode is also quite fun, though some of the AI's are strange and the diplomacy is awkward. Still though, the higher difficulties can pose quite a challenge. I would definitely reccomend it to someone else as a game they could get sucked into for hours on end.
game-hours: 183.9
review: one of the best strategy games of all time !
game-hours: 83.8
review: When I purchased Sid Meier's Civilization V I had no idea what I was getting into. **NOTE** People have said you need the complete edition (DLC's and such) to make the game better, and they're soooo right. Being someone who has played with and without the dlc's I strongly reccomend buying the complete edtion over the standard edition. I played 7 hours in my first real sitting of Civ V, and started out as playing Alexander, Ruler of Greece, which was fun and all, but I didnt really enjoy playng as him. After that I convinced some friends of mine to get the game (since it was on sale) and now I'll mostly play multiplayer with my friends. They all now love Civilization V also and they always thank me for having them buy it. Graphics - 8.5/10 Gameplay - 9/10 Replayability- 9/10 Personal Rating - 10/10 Game! PS Never Trust Ghandi
game-hours: 161.2
review: For a buggy mess of a game, it is one hell of a fun ride
game-hours: 169.4
review: You cannot end what you have started. The game will glue your  with the chair for 3-16 hours. Personal Experience: > 10.9/10 Would neck-hurt again everytime. > Every single freaking AI leaders won't accept a FAIR trade. All they mind about is "profit". > Never trust Catherine, Montezuma, Bismarck, and everybody else. Especially when a large group of unit is within the edges of your borders, and sends a request for an "Open Borders", gaah! Refuse it like you do it for life. And, better prepare as it happens. To be honest, Sid Meier's Civilizaton V became one of my favorites since my first three hours to the game. It perfected 2 aspects, The Chess-like-Turn-Based-Casual-Tycoon-Strategy-Game, and the Historical aspect. Both are perfect. I love history, and that gave me enthusiasm to even play the game even further. Final Verdict: + History + The Strategic Gameplay + Well made, and detailed historical figures (Gandhi, Oda, Washington) + Many possibilities, and wide range of.. yeah. Possibilities. + The Narrator + The music that fits the Civilizations respectively. Asian for Asian, Party rock Skrillex. - Annoying bots that won't accept a Declaration of friendship, and a fair trade. 10/10 Neck-hurting Simulator (Possibly because I play it for 3+ hours? Oh god.)
game-hours: 52.0
review: The best Strategy Turn Based I've played.
game-hours: 129.2
review: games last for hours one of my games has lasted 17 hours and still is going
game-hours: 52.7
review: Apparently unicorns aren't a resource for happiness... 1/10.
game-hours: 151.8
review: Pick Babylon go pottery -> writing -> Great library. GEEE GEEE
game-hours: 44.8
review: This is an amazing, immersive game
game-hours: 319.0
review: I enjoy endless hours of fun on it and would recommend people to buy it. Definatly worth the price i paid for it. The expansion packs add a lot to the game as well.
game-hours: 237.5
review: Civ 5 is the last in the series of the civ 5 games, a turn-based empire building game. A lot of fun as long as you have the patience and get the statisfation of building a nation and dominate the world. >:D
game-hours: 154.5
review: This game is very addicting. I have played many times and I still feel that I have not done everything there is to do on this game. If you like to think and plan, this is the game for you.
game-hours: 27.6
review: Great Turn Based Strategy Game
game-hours: 325.2
review: Never thought any game could suck most of my life away more than TF2, boy was I wrong. 11/10 Note: I recommend also getting Gold and Brave New World.
game-hours: 146.8
review: A grand strategy for people who don't have time for real grand strategies.
game-hours: 50.9
review: Possibly (definately) the greatest strategy game ever , beautiful graphics, great longetivity, and the best point of all, you can play as Ethiopia!
game-hours: 59.2
review: Sink hours of your life into making a lovely home <3! 10/10 who needs time for your very own world.
game-hours: 848.2
review: best game ever!!!
game-hours: 81.9
review: Bought this for 7,49 from summer sale 2014. For that price the games has definitely paid off it's value, It's entertaining, hard, and it takes some time to learn. I'd say there's definitely more replay value in this game than in most of the Total War series' games for example. ( go from Ancient Era to Future when Total War games usually focus on 1 period of time ) Great game with or without friends, but I'd say you get the most out of it with friends. For me this is the best strategy game I've ever played.
game-hours: 370.5
review: If I could have babies with a game this would be the one to have them with.
game-hours: 51.2
review: A very good stratigic game. Takes lots of brain power to play! Multiplayer works like a charm.
game-hours: 17.6
review: 10/10 would Invade the rest of the world again...
game-hours: 1701.1
review: money, money, money. i just cant get enough
game-hours: 225.4
review: This game is awesome. It just keeps you coming back for more, even when you get slaughtered in one game. You've got to get the expansions and the DLC civs to get the best experience. I would say buy the complete edition, for 50 bucks you get a lot of fun. It's best to play multiplayer with friends, that's when the really tense and epic games happen. There's so many different strategies that can be played out, even though there are only 4 unique paths to victory (5 if you count a time victory). Each different Civ makes you look at the game in a different way. For example, if you are Greece, use your gold to buy up city states and reap the benifits. Egypt? Go all out and build as many of the wonders of the world as you can. Brazil? You may be weak to start, but by the end your tourisim and culture will go through the roof, giving you the culture victory. The Byzantines? Well, you can just plan on losing. Oh, and watch out for Gandhi, he is rather fond of nukes.
game-hours: 28.8
review: C'est magnifique!
game-hours: 155.0
review: Great turn-based strategy game, although it's boring without the the expansions Gods and Kings & Brave New World. The workshop offers great scenarios like R.E.D WW2 mod and fun mods like the PC Gaming Master Race. It also provides you with many gameplay fixes and improvements. This game surely has its flaws, but I had a lot of fun playing it (even though I didn't play any strategy-games before) and I can recommend this game to anyone willing to spend some money on it.
game-hours: 12.2
review: As a Civ, this is really easy to play and a nice game for some time , but not a really long time motivation.
game-hours: 14.6
review: It is a great strategy game and I highly recommend it.
game-hours: 123.9
review: fun if you like turn baised games.
game-hours: 9.7
review: Great Game! Can't wait for Beyond Earth.
game-hours: 248.0
review: Civilization V is a turn based strategy game in which you control a single civilization, competing against other civilizations to win the game. These civilizations are controlled by either the AI or a human player. To win the game you need to acheive one of 4 victorys, Domination victory, Culture victory, Science victory or a Score victory. This game has endless replayability which will keep you hooked for many, many hours in which you will never get bored. Singleplayer is exellent, multiplayer is flawless and the game gets even better with the expansion packs ! Also lots of support from the steam workshop. To sum it up Civilization V is a amazing game is by far the best game I own and I would reccomend it to anyone. It is definatly worth the money even the expansion packs (would reccomend buying gold edition). rating: 10/10
game-hours: 913.9
review: The original Civ 5 was... okay. The first expansion was a nice improvement, but nothing special. The second expansion (Brave New World) blew my mind. This is now, in my opinion, the best Civilization game ever released. There's extremely satisfying depth and variety (lacking when the game was first released) without the need to micromanage every minute detail as in previous versions. The premade scenarios are varied, challenging, and enjoyable. There are also hundreds of (often obscure) achievements to obtain from all facets of the game. If you enjoy turn based strategy games (or think you might) there's literally hundreds of hours of enjoyment to be found here. One of my favorite games ever.
game-hours: 61.5
review: While this game has extreme depth, tons of replayability, endless entertainment, strong rewards for strategy... I can't help myself from building nukes and destroying the most passive country on the map. Every game.
game-hours: 158.0
review: My computer is incapable of running this game, so I have to steal my friends' computers any time I want to play it. It is so very much worth it. Prepare to give your life over to it.
game-hours: 74.9
review: Brilliant strategy game. Surprisingly fun and startlingly addictive.
game-hours: 1024.1
review: awesome
game-hours: 133.3
review: A very enjoyable and unique RTS to play, even for those who are new to the genre/series. This game is one of those games that makes you addicted. Be prepared for a long sitdown, gather food, drink, and a comfy blanket. After numerous playthroughs I've found myself awake at 5am. Overall this is a great game that isn't repetitive, and the effort is worth putting into it. PS: Don't trust Gandhi in the late-game. Especially when he gets Nukes.
game-hours: 19.1
review: Civ V games take a long time and are very addicting but challenge your strategic ability and put you in the throne of a nation. Highly recommended.
game-hours: 202.2
review: Lost 2 Girlfriends from playing this game 10/10 would Ave true to Caesar again
game-hours: 2.6
review: Amazing graphics, great gameplay....what else can i say?
game-hours: 110.7
review: This is a truly great game. One of the best. At times it may be slow but that end reward of destroying all of your friends long and hard work is extremely satisfying. The soundtrack is stunning with cultural music made specificaly for Civ. It is one of the most intense games i've ever played. The split second desicions that can affect the rest of the game are perfectly placed. This is one of my favorite games. If you like any sort of strategy you will fall in love with Civ.
game-hours: 189.0
review: The only game where Gandhi betrays everyone with war elephants and nukes. 10/10
game-hours: 132.6
review: good, but you need the DLCs
game-hours: 149.1
review: [Rome] Ceasar: -*le Tries to negoitiate peace. [Mongoria] Gengish: -Me no want pece [Rome] Ceasar: - damn mogorians
game-hours: 135.3
review: Just one more turn!
game-hours: 6030.4
review: 2000+ hours, this game must be good.
game-hours: 10.4
review: this is a amazeing game that is all i have to say
game-hours: 202.0
review: Amazing game.
game-hours: 124.4
review: its like civ 4 but terrible 10/10
game-hours: 28.3
review: Fine way to make you hate other countries.
game-hours: 167.0
review: I like this game becuse it makes gandi look like the biggest warlord in history
game-hours: 18.2
review: Awsome! :D
game-hours: 85.5
review: Fantastic! A very in-depth game with a variety of ways to win. You will find yourself in many different situations that require decisions that are both difficult and unique.
game-hours: 31.9
review: Yes, in the vanilla version it IS clicking the next turn button simulator 2k14, but if you click the next turn button enough you can nuke everyone (including that smarmy jerk who's been insulting you the whole game) back to the stone age, then win a diplomatic victory. 11/10.
game-hours: 77.0
review: Civilization V is among the top of my list of favorite games. It's strategy demonstrated through gathering resources and expanding your empire reminds me a lot of the board game "Settlers of Catan". The primary concepts focused on are very in-depth, and it takes a great amount of skill to learn the premise of the game in its entirety,
game-hours: 310.3
review: La misma esencia que las anteriores entregas, pero con grficos mejorados, nuevas unidades y nuevas formas de alcanzar la victoria, lo que a su vez implica una explosin combinatoria de posibles estrategias con las que alcanzar la victoria. Un juego obligatorio si eres fan de la estrategia por turnos, con la nica pega que una vez probadas las grande expansiones (Brave New World y Gods and Kings), el juego sin stas se torna un poco limitado.
game-hours: 130.7
review: This is a really good strategy game. I bet the expansion packs make it even more epic. Somewhat challeging to learn, but there are advisors that help you along the way. Also, there is a good multiplayer option. I would totaly recommend this if you like stragety games and even if you don't, I would still recommend it.
game-hours: 610.1
review: Definatly worth getting if you're a fan in Stratagy games! Can't stop playing just one... more... turn...
game-hours: 158.5
review: Amazing strategy game that'll keep you playing for hours! I recommend you get the exansions as well, really add to the game!
game-hours: 497.6
review: This game is magical. Too often I find myself taking "just one more turn" and then a time warp activating as a direct result of this game, sending me from 11pm to 6am. I don't know why, or how, it just seems to happen only within this game and XCOM.
game-hours: 38.0
review: This is the first strategy game I played in my whole life and overall one of my favorite games on Steam. Appealing, Addictive and accessible to gamers of all skill types, a must own for Steam gamers. nuff said.
game-hours: 6.9
review: i am not good at this game but it might be fun when i am good :)
game-hours: 194.0
review: Melbourne demands Brad Pitt. Yes, you can name your religion Brad Pitt.
game-hours: 117.1
review: Building nukes with King Kamehameha of Polynesia and scare the  outta America. 11/10
game-hours: 19.2
review: I saw this game, and was willing to give it a try as it was cheap in the 2013 christmas sale on steam. Man am i gald i did buy this game, if you are looking for a fun to play and interesting strategy game that you can stress over and sink countless hours into, then this is the game for you. Oh and one last thing, DON'T TRUST GHANDI, you'll thank me later.... 8/10
game-hours: 58.7
review: I love this game
game-hours: 62.4
review: nuked germany
game-hours: 13.8
review: You buy now, nowwwwwwwwwwwww
game-hours: 89.7
review: Its really fun to play with friends
game-hours: 361.4
review: Wave goodbye to your social life
game-hours: 39.9
review: Dis game such good very epic
game-hours: 694.6
review: Just amazing!
game-hours: 153.4
review: As I sat there. I thought to myself, "How did this happen?" It was me versus my friend. He had pikemen. I thought "Uh oh" And then suddenely out of nowhere my fighter plane came and shot at him then I nuked all five of his cities at once. He cried for three days after that. 10/10 would nuke again
game-hours: 175.6
review: fantastic
game-hours: 40.3
review: Oh Man. 10/10 Soon I'll Nuke England. GG Washington Founded Buddhism.
game-hours: 480.4
review: Hours of immensely deep and fun tactics.
game-hours: 666.4
review: totally worth it, i couldn't love a game more
game-hours: 270.1
review: This is civilization at its best. (with all addons) What else can be said? The geographic importance of landscape and non stockable units make this version a lot better than other episode in my opinon.
game-hours: 66.6
review: It's good, not as good as Gal civ 2, but very close, though dislike how i can't see the 3d of the unit till i build it. Get this and gal civ 2 :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :( :( 8 of 10 stars
game-hours: 68.9
review: Best game ever.
game-hours: 338.4
review: Civilization V has transitioned from a lackluster sequel to my all-time favorite strategy game. With the Gods and Kings and Brave New World DLC's, playing the game with difficult AI's or against friends keeps me on the edge.
game-hours: 599.1
review: Great game, don't have Gandhi against you
game-hours: 82.0
review: You think you have only been playing for 2 hours when in reality it has been days since you have showered and you are on a diet of doritos and ice tea. 11/10 would bang game
game-hours: 99.6
review: This game is AMAZING. I have not slept days and Ghandi is always spying on you so go to war on him ASAP. Plus the mods are great.
game-hours: 92.2
review: Hitler mod = nein/10
game-hours: 90.9
review: Solid strategy game. Just as good single-player as it is multi-player.
game-hours: 23.6
review: Civilization ruined my sleep schedule and made me hate Gandhi. Best personal moment? When every single nation went to war with Atilla and I got to sing Mulan's 'Be a Man'. ten outta ten
game-hours: 21.3
review: ALWAYS NUKE GHANDI
game-hours: 40.3
review: Only in this game can you have the Great Wall of China, the Pyramids, AND the Hanging Gardens all in Russia
game-hours: 681.8
review: I love this game and have dedicated almost 600hrs to it....yeah i know thats kind of sad. The only thing I would have liked to of seen is in civ 4. You started out in the location on an earth map where your civ was historically located. And played through time to see if you could make your civ survive history. Thought that would have been nice too
game-hours: 8.8
review: A wonderful turn-based strategy game. Fun to play with your friends especially. I recommend that everyone give this a try, and those who do like it should purchase the Complete Edition. 10/10
game-hours: 93.2
review: Would gift Gandhi giant death robots for world domination again 11/10 Please, just don't nuke me Gandhi.
game-hours: 103.3
review: At first I was wary - how could you beat civ 4? Now I am conviced it is fantastic. It is also worth picking up Gods and Kings with it.
game-hours: 109.8
review: This game is one of my favourite games ever, It is really fun to play with friends and solo, if you want a game you can play for a few hours or even an hour, this game is for you, Civ 5 described in one word, #Fantabulous
game-hours: 150.6
review: If you like strategy games and nation-building games, this one's for you. I've enjoyed this game a lot, and I recommend it to any strategy game fan!
game-hours: 116.5
review: I played all the Civilization games and enjoy wasting my time on it.
game-hours: 141.9
review: Really good game with a great community!
game-hours: 16.1
review: This game is just like a dose of crystal meth. You take it once and you can't simply stop. Your kids start starving, your friends start leaving you, and worst of all is that Gandhi hates you!!! I just got the game yesterday and I already have 8 hours played on it. Yes, I know I'm a sad individual. It is really fun and it is an awesome strategy game (especially for 7.5$; thank you gaben).The only downside is that the game freezes 45 minutes in a multiplayer game (hopefully it'll be fixed soon). 10/10 Would Marry. Oh yeah, and say bye to your life while you're at it.
game-hours: 202.5
review: jaaa-a de r no faktisk.
game-hours: 14.6
review: It's pretty fun and the start of the game is fun and a little nail biting but once you get really late into the game, say 250 turns, it becomes fairly obvious who is going to win and becomes pretty boring. Other than that, awesome game
game-hours: 26.4
review: "Just one more turn and I'll call it quits" Next Turn "Just one more turn and I'll call it quits" Next Turn "Just one more turn and I'll call it quits, I mean it this time"
game-hours: 927.0
review: Fun game to build your civilization and watch it fall apart. Very Good 10/10
game-hours: 146.3
review: I have been a fan of Civilization since the second game. (Never got round to playing the first one but I do hope I will one day.) This is a game where the style and pace of the game is entirely dependent on the player. You can play like and take my time in the beginning so I can make lots of money and then engage with the other civilizations, either politically or war, depending on how they treat me and others. Or you can go for the all-out war method from the beginning and try to conquer everyone immediately. Or you can try to expand by building lots of the cities. There are a number of ways to actually play and win this game but even if you have the best city, there is never any guarantee you will win if you are playing on any difficulty the is 4 or above. And its this thrill of not knowing that really lets me enjoy the game. Even with the numerous strategies a player can choose from and/or alternate between, there are also a number of side activities to do such as building up the cities themselves with new architecture or researching technologies to give yourself an edge via the most high tech gadgets a person can have. You can also interact with city states and build relationships with them for passing their borders or getting resources from them and some resources are only gotten from these city states. I have put over 100 hours into this game and although I am not playing this game at the current moment (got exams and new games to play), I will be sure to get back to this game when I have time to do so. All in all, this game is an all-rounder when it comes to playing with your own rules. Once you start playing this game and really get into it, you won't be able to stop even if you win. Beginners might take a few hours to get used to the interface and the features, but the "Advisors" who guide new players through the game are a big help on this part and the tips they give you depends on the setting the player has chosen for them in the options.
game-hours: 491.8
review: Awesome Game!!!
game-hours: 33.5
review: Took over America. Renamed Philidelphia Flip-a-delphia and Washington BYYYAAAHHH!!! 10/10 would bang again.
game-hours: 87.0
review: Just one more turn...
game-hours: 86.0
review: iron ore > friendship
game-hours: 45.6
review: nice
game-hours: 185.7
review: Amazing
game-hours: 247.2
review: This is quite possibly the best game I own, I have had hours and hours of fun on this not only on my own but also with my girlfriend in the hotseat mode and also online with my friends. 10/10
game-hours: 194.9
review: :)
game-hours: 594.0
review: Civilization 5 (Civ V) i s one of the greatest Strategy games ever Just like all the predecessors. Lots of difrent way to play and never ending game time
game-hours: 586.9
review: Barbarians have tanks.
game-hours: 22.5
review: I have enjoyed playing Civilization. If you get this game multiplayer is a lot better than singleplayer. It is a must get game
game-hours: 189.3
review: If you are looking for a fun, creative, and awsome game, you have found it! This game is well worth the money. I recomend it. 5/5 stars!
game-hours: 229.6
review: Great Game.
game-hours: 1117.9
review: If you're like me, then I don't have to explain why you should play this game.
game-hours: 385.3
review: Love playing this game
game-hours: 0.6
review: Sid Meier is apparantely Da creator of da world, since he has many Civilizations. 10/10, would Civil again
game-hours: 1126.2
review: Best Game Ever !!!
game-hours: 275.0
review: omg best game everz
game-hours: 83.2
review: This game is worth every cent I paid for it.
game-hours: 101.5
review: Great game! A must for every strategy lover!
game-hours: 435.5
review: 1 of the best games ive ever played 95%
game-hours: 24.4
review: Love this game. Great graphics and strategy. 5/5 Furries recommed.havefundrivesafe
game-hours: 364.2
review: 5/5 and 10/10 simply amazing game
game-hours: 230.8
review: Wonderful game. hours of playability.
game-hours: 240.4
review: Best srategy game ever!
game-hours: 305.5
review: Im not a big stratagy guy, but when i was told to purchase this game i've never looked back on the decision, worth every penny 20/10 IGN
game-hours: 90.4
review: Quite hard but is fun
game-hours: 28.5
review: Nothing like earning the trust of a civilization in the game, to then backstab it with trebuchets and cannons and conquer over half its cities. Or impose your religion over others. Or lose your friends forever. 10/10 reccomended
game-hours: 31.8
review: its a good game
game-hours: 74.9
review: Great game! Reminds me of Age of Empire.
game-hours: 384.7
review: A crazy addictive game that will have you playing day after day to refine your play style and skill. Truly a great game and a big improvement on the last game in my opinion. This is the sort of game that you could leave for a few months and come back to and still enjoy. Tones of replayability and enough options to make each game completely unique. 9/10
game-hours: 47.4
review: Civ 5 is one of those "different" games, you know your just bored of playing a fps and you're like "oh!" i feel like i want to play a game that is ACTUALLY not a fps!, and thats were Civ 5 comes in through the door and punches you in the face and is like "what the  man, why does no one like me and everyone only plays fps games" and i'm like "because no one has no ing clue on what the history was for the japanese." THE END
game-hours: 38.5
review: To be honest i cant believe i got this amazing game for free! the developers deserve recognision for making such a fun stratergestic game like no other. This provides hours and hours of fun on multiplayer and yes even singleplayer! Before you know it, its bed time and youve got to part with this smooth running, great looking, fantastic game! Its defintley something your guna play often with a group of friends. Great. 7/10
game-hours: 43.1
review: Its like meth, but you'll lose more friends by using this.
game-hours: 120.7
review: civ 5 is a horrible game
game-hours: 157.1
review: montezuma scares the  out of me
game-hours: 103.1
review: Samurai, Nukes, and Giant Death Robots. 10/10
game-hours: 822.3
review: Much joy. very excite. many long.
game-hours: 105.3
review: This is a turn-based settling/fighting game in which you are a random world leader from a random time period and you build an empire and then you kill each other. What more could you want from a game? COMPUTERBOARDGAMEWOOHOO MINE MINE MINE MINE MINE MINE ~seagulls (finding nemo)
game-hours: 240.6
review: Look, if u don't think being able to wage war on Bismark as Alexander the Great using stealth bombers is literally the raddest thing then get out of my face + i h8 u
game-hours: 264.9
review: Waiting for players, the game.
game-hours: 510.2
review: IS the shizniss
game-hours: 27.3
review: I recommend this game. 8.5/10. This is MY OWN OPINION but im sure you will like the game too. Based on only serval hours of gameplay. Pros: -Good A.I -Realistic Gameplay, [not the graphics but the demand for resources, Combat, Engine etc.] -Fun overall for people who like strategy games. -Fun to witness your very own emipre grow to be a great civaiition. -Great game to pass the time. -Im an honest guy, so im telling the truth when i say this game is good. Cons: Multiplayer-multiplayer crashes often and players immediately gets kicked. -Almost everybody uses DLC. -Sometimes takes a while to process turns so you need to be patient. -A little shocking to see all your work be demolished by a huge war. [wars dont happen often but can still be fatal.] -A little hard to master but practice maskes perfect.
game-hours: 171.0
review: I come with warnings. This game is addicting. If you have a job, a family, or anything that requires any type of attention, I recommend you don't play this game. Its amazinga and I think I've wasted entire summers just sitting here with the, "Just one more turn" virus. I bought this game years ago and still can't stop playing it....and I don't want to stop.
game-hours: 79.2
review: get dis sheeiiittt
game-hours: 411.3
review: Great game for anybody, definitly worth your money
game-hours: 35.6
review: So this one time i played this game with a guy named tiesto, and he was awesome, but he has gone to better things now. RIP tiesto. Thanks to this game you get to meet cool people like dad tiesto laurie dunn dunn and more. If you like strategy or online games in general you will love this game
game-hours: 16.9
review: Hello, Civ5! Goodbye, weeks of your life!
game-hours: 362.5
review: Just... One... More... Turn...
game-hours: 70.7
review: Amazing game well done Sid Meier
game-hours: 41.7
review: marathon mode beste
game-hours: 47.0
review: New dehli is the new world capital. Ghandi killed my kids. 6/6
game-hours: 21.2
review: MOST ADDICTING GAME I HAVE PLAYED!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 115.7
review: I'm coming up to 100hrs in Civ 5, so it's probably about time I gave it some praise. Make sure you get the Complete Edition on sale for around 8 in a sale. Civ is a turnbased strategy game in which you build you empire across a randomly generated map. You compete against Friends and AI to win the game, how you win is up to you. The game is at it's best when it's played in a 'boardgame night' fashion with friends. Get in Google Hangouts or Mumble and chill out. The games last forever, so don't expect a quick fix. If you have 2 monitors the game gets even better when you can easily switch between Civ and Whatever- making those late game turns less of a bore. I really enjoy Civ, it's a lovely game for playing with friends and passing time. It's a staple in most people's steam libaries and if It's on sale you should definately pick up the complete edition.
game-hours: 311.1
review: Brilliant game. Civ 5 has a very good single player experience, although is amazing with friends in multiplayer. The only negative i have for this game is that as of yet, there seems to be no way to make the multiplayer AI any more or less difficult. The only way to change the pace would be to put a handicap on yourself. To get the full experience of the game, i suggest getting both of the expansion packs also, as this doubles the game's content and replay ability. I highly recommend this game to anyone.
game-hours: 231.7
review: Give Gandhi uranium they said. It'll be fun they said
game-hours: 91.3
review: Amazing
game-hours: 68.3
review: Very good fun with loads of friends, even with the CPU's it can be hilarious. You can nuke them (later game) or even just build a massive army and obliterate early game (quite hard to do). I play this with my friend loads and even some games take up to a whole day and we are yet to finish one but not far off. I would recommended this game a lot but only if you like these kind of games (stratergy). --------------------------------------------------!Civ V RULES!-------------------------------------------------------------- Review By GUNNS4L0AN
game-hours: 54.7
review: Amazing game, but don't expect to play a "quick" game. I have spent over 50 hours on this game (at the time of writing this review), but have only just finished my first Civ. Simply wonderful strategy game.
game-hours: 160.2
review: /10 very addictiing game P.S. Don't trust Gandhi. EVER.
game-hours: 1151.9
review: Throw money at this because it is awesome and i have almost got 200 hours play time on it making it my most played game and for good reason too.
game-hours: 254.6
review: One of the best turn based strategy game ever made :)
game-hours: 64.1
review: After playing Civilization 3 as a child for countless hours I decided to take the leap to Civilization 5 a year or two ago. There's not much to say about Civilization, if you love tycoon games and like constructing an empire then you'll love Civlization 5. The combat is awe inspiring with a religiously crafted timeline consisting of multiple ages in Human history. Allowing for the player to craft and build a metropolis from the ground up, the bronze age to the Medieval age, to the Classical Era to the Reinessance and so fourth. An amazing game with it's flaws of coarse. One thing that bothered me was how unrewarding the game was after beating it, I won by sending a spacecraft with human colonists to Alpha Centauri, and I was rewarded with a... popup message? Questionable at best considering Civilization 3 had unique cutscenes for each victory. The city state machanic can and will be exploited in multiplayer. I won't go into detail because it does detract from the experaince. Overall 9/10 and you'll be playing this one for a long time.
game-hours: 45.5
review: this game has consumed my life... nuff said
game-hours: 566.1
review: This game expands and expands to no end. It's very time consuming, but much like a good chess game, it's a lot of fun. You have to give it a try! Try getting it on sales, as it goes down to about $7.50 for the whole game with expansion packs.
game-hours: 89.0
review: Very nice game, hard to understand at first but you get used to it also lots of guides of this game
game-hours: 83.2
review: Put your hand on your heart and say you've never physically or mentally said to yourself: One more turn..... 11/10
game-hours: 858.6
review: Just ONE word: MODS! :D
game-hours: 72.2
review: This is one of the best games i've ever played!
game-hours: 10.6
review: It may seem like another re-hash of the old Civilization games of yore, but once you start playing, this game will get its' hooks very, very deep into you, thanks to it's massive amount of improvements, streamlined, but improved experience, and hands down the best Civilization yet.
game-hours: 616.5
review: Ive Sunk Two Hundred and Fifty Hours into this game and i can say i couldnt be happyer! This is a sold strategy epic well worth the investment. 10/10 Edit: as of 25/01/2015 that be 601 hours hun
game-hours: 68.1
review: Puny Russia I CRUSH YOU! Like little babby... I CRUSH YOU!!!!
game-hours: 42.9
review: I know this aint a review,but I just wanted to say...if you love strategy games,history games,etc. this game is the one you need. It's even better with the DLC. 8/10 Why 8? Well,the multiplayer isnt fully enjoyable... 10/10 would be threatened by Gandhi with nucklear warfare
game-hours: 433.5
review: rip life 11/10
game-hours: 56.8
review: Its a great game. However multiplayer is a mess. I play multiplayer anyway thou. One of my favorite features is that you can see the person you are talking to in singleplayer. Sadly multiplayer takes all of that away. Civ can have its moments most of them in multiplayer but i cant help but feel like I am doing the same thing over and over. thats when u pause your current playthrou and continue later. Dont recommend the single version. Buy the complete pack for maximum value (Alot better with bnv and gak)
game-hours: 145.5
review: Why does anyone think Gahndi is so bad? He's done absolutely nothing to me. Actually, he's pretty stupid IMHO. Seriously, he builds ALL the cities and tries to go for a domination victory. Like what the ?
game-hours: 95.2
review: This is one of the best best-if not the best game I have ever played. It deserves a huge recommendation. It has an absolutely astonishing GUI (especially for this series) and great gameplay. Who doesn't want to dominate the world? Or, if you don't want to do it that way, you can dominate the world just through forming the United Nations, or becoming a huge cultural empire. It's all about your choices. Form a huge empire, their territory, their culture, their religion, etc...
game-hours: 111.3
review: Great game. Will cause you to lose track of time easily, but it's totally worth it. Be careful of Gandhi and Napoleon.
game-hours: 132.2
review: Sid Meier never disappoints, Amazing Gameplay. A blast with friends.
game-hours: 86.7
review: A new clothing for the old fashoned Civ. Nice gameplay, maybe a little easier respecting to previous chapters; tons of fun with friends in MP; no evident bugs; you MUST get the version with all DLC, it's kinda having a different game. Recommended! PS i payed 25 and it definitely worth it!
game-hours: 10.5
review: I created a new religion. I named it agnosticism and now it is spreading everywhere.
game-hours: 403.9
review: Entertainment value through the roof. Value of life rock bottom. Do not buy, unless willing to risk life. Sorry review was short, needed to warn *cough* *cough* *blarrrrghhh* ... Transcript ended.
game-hours: 28.7
review: I only played for a couple minutes...
game-hours: 269.7
review: Really the best strategy game, and with the expansions, my favorite in the Civilization series.
game-hours: 29.6
review: Too Awesome For Words
game-hours: 121.3
review: yes Yes YESSSSSS! THERE IS NOTHING LIKE THE SATISFACTION OF DROPPING YOUR FIRST NUKE IN THIS GAME!
game-hours: 60.9
review: Accidently Nuked My own City When I thought I was transporting it 10/10
game-hours: 63.9
review: 10/10 would get nuked by Ghandi again
game-hours: 61.0
review: Uh. You get to rule a nation, acting as the driving force to world domination. Choose your settlement, develop some resources, and  IT, I WAS LIKE ONE TURN AWAY FROM BUILDING THAT WONDER YOU PRICK!
game-hours: 18.5
review: Get the game if you're patient. Also, taking over cities is the best part >:)
game-hours: 360.9
review: yizzke
game-hours: 319.2
review: Buy this game so you can be pissed off at leaders that haven't existed for thousands of years.
game-hours: 137.9
review: you ghandi
game-hours: 524.3
review: most addictive game
game-hours: 1.3
review: it is very interesting game. I love it a lot.
game-hours: 280.5
review: I bought it 10 days ago, It's okay.
game-hours: 176.2
review: Its really really really really adictive in a good way
game-hours: 41.1
review: Amazing Game! Very well directed, and the music is fabulous. I would give it a 9/10
game-hours: 47.6
review: This game will make you hate your friends, and yourself. If you want to waste a whole 30 hours of your life in one game, this game is your man. (In all seriousness, this game is the . You won't want to take lunch breaks or potty breaks or even take a shower. There goes the kids, and the bills, and the wife, but at least you conquered all of Ghandi's territory. That Indian ). 12/10
game-hours: 304.0
review: I really enjoyed this game until I started playing on a higher difficulty, only to discover the AIs actually don't get any better, they don't make better decisions, their not more efficent, they just receive massive amounts of advantages that get them ahead for no good reason. This game could of been a lot better if they had just made the AIs smarter, not give them free hard outs. I also have a bone to pick with the multiplayer in civ 5, there are a lot of issues revovling lag, sometimes it goes to the loading screen for no reason and the AIs are . Even with all this negative stuff, I still enjoy the game, I'd just wish they patch/update more often.
game-hours: 77.2
review: Civilization  simplesmente um dos jogos mais viciantes que j tive o prazer de jogar. Seja para jogar sozinho ou com os amigos, prepare-se pra bolar mil estratgias e tentar vencer por um dos inumeros caminhos que o jogo oferece (seja cultura, religio, diplomacia, whatever). E bom, as partidas so quase infinitas, demoram demais! Mas posso garantir que no  enjoativo e nem cansativo, claro... depois de umas 8 horas jogando direto voc precisa ir ao banheiro ou comer n. Enfim, o jogo fica ainda melhor se voc tiver as DLCs com mais lderes pra jogar, e, claro, mais possibilidades \o/
game-hours: 747.7
review: Delivers as expected, a must have for any Civ player.
game-hours: 249.8
review: The height of strategy gaming.
game-hours: 273.0
review: One of most best Civilization games in the Entire Series. Lead a Civilization from Prehistoric Times into the Future's Age of Infomation while achieving one of a number of different victory conditions through research, exploration, diplomacy, expansion, economic development, government and military conquest. And Best of all, you can Play as the Leaders of the World.
game-hours: 39.6
review: it's a awsome game. I like how there is no adds that pop up while you are playing. I like all the different civs.
game-hours: 107.7
review: It's a great and addictive game, it's very well done, and it's one of those strategy games where you have to think "I want to do this, but how" Makes you think. Honestly I believe that everyone should give this game a chance, and then avoid giving your family a chance to take you out of the computer. The modding community is outstanding too. Few bugs here and there, but they don't break the game. Also f*** Alexander.
game-hours: 18.5
review: Get the game if you're patient. Also, taking over cities is the best part >:)
game-hours: 360.9
review: yizzke
game-hours: 319.2
review: Buy this game so you can be pissed off at leaders that haven't existed for thousands of years.
game-hours: 221.5
review: Completely addictive and fun, but oh so easy to get burnt out on. Gods and Kings is NOT worth $30, as the additions it makes fall more around the $10 level.
game-hours: 9.7
review: Epic, must play for Strategy lovers.
game-hours: 168.4
review: Civ V is a great game overall, I personally enjoy playing it in SP or with friends (Chaseofhavoc). I think that some of the dlcs should be base game content (gods and kings). Civ V has great versatility in playstyle given by its random spawn, random personality, game editor, and playing with friends. I would definatly reccomend this game.
game-hours: 225.7
review: One of my favorite games. This game is a strategy game, and it is one of my favorite games of all time. The game is based on a travel through time, and you are against or with other states or countrys. You take controle of a famouse leader, and with that leader you have to either deffeat all the other states on the map, or be the first person to advance to the future. Along the way you have to advance in technolegy, and you can chose what your focus is going to be from the get go. Maybe your people will focus on moeny, maybe on warfare or even religion. The gameplay is very simple, move your pices every single round, or give them a comand such as attack or build. Along the way you have to make sure that your people are happy, you have resources, your tecnoligy is going well, your citys are growing and much more. This can sound complicated, but after some time, you get used to some of the controles and the game becomes much easier. The game is fun when you play singleplayer and multiplayer, but be avare that a game will take a long time. This is not your typical LAN party game, that a normal game can take up to 10 hours. The game is fantastic, and a thumps up is all I can give it, but trust me this thump is as high as it can get. 10 out of 10
game-hours: 84.3
review: is a great startegi game!
game-hours: 173.4
review: This is really good game, where you need to control your civilization like the name tells. There's many "countrys". You can achieve 287 achiements if you have all the dlc's. You start on stone age and end on future.
game-hours: 214.2
review: TBH i've only played about 59 hours on this game, however this game is insanly addiction! If you are looking to buy this game you should wait till OCT. cause they will release the newest game : Beyond earth, and of course they're gonna make a sale for this game.
game-hours: 143.6
review: Old, new doesn't matter, so many countries, more you understand this game more fun you will have
game-hours: 13.4
review: This game is real gud
game-hours: 17.7
review: I have not played much, I know, but dont think that that is a reason not to trust me as I have played many more hours offline. Now, to the review. Pros: -Lots of civilizations to play as +1.5 -In depth +.5 -Multiplayer +1.5 -Each nation has it's own units(Mostly that is) +1 -Put together good +1 -Good graphics +1 -Different difficulty levels +.5 -Pretty easy to learn +.5 -Amazing tech-tree +1.5 -Takes a while to finish game +.5 -Essentialy unlimeted replayability +1 Cons: -Dumbed down from previous versions -1 -Not in as much detail as previous versions -.5 Civilization 5 is an awesome strategy game. It has many more pros than cons and rates a 9.5/10. The only problem I have experienced from this game is that it is dumbed down fromn the previous versions. I would reccomend this game to begginers to the civilization series, but many advanced players will love it as well. Thank you for reading! Game: Civilization 5 Rating out of 10: 9.5
game-hours: 527.8
review: This game is awesome. Thats all i got to say...
game-hours: 331.1
review: Marvellous strategy game,highly addictive and a great way to pass lots of time. P,S I highly recommend everyone to get the DLC,it has a ton of extra features and is worth every penny.
game-hours: 184.3
review: I swore it wouldn't happen. I had so much more happy memories of Civ IV. I had played hours of it and when Civ V first came out I laughed in their faces. "Hah!" I said. "They whine about that  game when Civ IV was right there all along!" And then Gods and Kings came out. Spies, Religion, Factions! I had to. I bought the game for about 30 euro and gave it around 70 hours. Then A Brave New World came out and of course I had to buy that. And somehow Civilization grew on me. With the help of a friend who is MUCH better then I am I was able to stop playing in Prince difficulty. Somehow from there the hours slipped away from me. At one point I found myself awake at 2am with a head cold planning to expand my empire on a map I had already dominated. I had won yet I needed all my people to have Public Schools and Stealth Bombers. This game does a very good job of conveying how countries rise and fall. Kind of. It was a surprisingly new idea for me that a country can start in such a  situation and somehow rise out of the ashes thanks to the fall of other countries. Now if you've read this far down down you will have been disappointed to see no may-may about Gandhi and nukes or something bizarre that happened out of context. So here goes: "Gandhi researched nukes but was too far behind so I won a Space Victory. 11/10 would stick my finger in a hot apple pie again"
game-hours: 169.0
review: It is amazing.
game-hours: 62.2
review: this game is fantastic! I've played Civilization Revolution on 360 and this is 10 times better than that! well worth the price!
game-hours: 100.4
review: Civilization V, A classic real time strategy game, this game was a game that I had to try out due to my previous exposure to the Xbox version of Civilization Revolution. At first when I had played this game I had disliked it due to major differences between Civ V and Civ Rev, some examples could be City-States and a larger tech tree, however as I kept trying to understand this game, I found myself owning other Civilizations such as Russia. Key items that I loved about this game was how they had much more Civilizations such as the Inca or Koreans, it really made me happy knowning that I could play as these nations due to those nations not being available for Civ Rev. Another item that I had liked in this game would be small items such as the nation having its actual language being played, it made me happy hearing real English from George Washington rather than hearing random sounds which had happen in Civ Rev. As time progressed I have found myself to enjoy the game. If I had to sell this game to someone who has never been exposed to the Civilization series, I would give them the advice of actually putting a time investment in the game.
game-hours: 162.3
review: Some features surpass Civ4 but the combat system is still something I sorely miss. However, with the Brave New World DLC, the game became more interesting for me! Trade routes and defending them game my game new life. I still wish Paradox would get a budget like this for their games.
game-hours: 105.9
review: A very fun game. I highly recommend it. When i first started the game I was like "This is pretty cool." But by the end when i was building giant armies sending out spies and mass building robots of death. I was just blown away. I also got the complete edition for fifteen dollars on 2K publisher's weekend. Which is easily worth it. Even if you buy it at full price I would still recommend it. The only con is it takes a little bit for the game to load up. Anyway I recommend trying it.
game-hours: 401.2
review: "It's and exploration team" he said. In 4 turns, I was dead.
game-hours: 219.2
review: 7.8/10 Too much water.
game-hours: 156.9
review: In my opinion, this could be one of the best games ever! It is quite adictive, has detailed graphics and has great multiplayer. I have to also say that the Celtic Empire speaks Welsh! I love that being Welsh myself. I would highly recomend buying this game.
game-hours: 71.7
review: Whenever I watch any - literally ANY - movie or television show not set in the modern area, it makes me want to play Civilization. That's right- any time period before, like, now. That's a lot of time, folks. And there are a LOT of times I abandon whatever I was interested in watching to play Civilization. So join me, won't you? (please note: I don't actually want to play Civilization with you. I prefer to play with the AI opponents who have become my best friends and confidantes- I'm looking at you, Attila)
game-hours: 99.5
review: REMOVE GHANDI FROM BORDERS
game-hours: 491.7
review: It took awhile to understand how everything works, but after that greatness ensures!
game-hours: 211.5
review: Really good game ;)
game-hours: 47.8
review: .   ) 10/10
game-hours: 125.9
review: "no ghandi" "ghandi wat r u doin" "no ghandi" "ghandi STAAAAAAAHHHHHHHP" "noooooooOOOOOOOOOOOOO" 10/10
game-hours: 221.8
review: Nice update as opposed to Civ 4
game-hours: 81.9
review: "One of my favourites, a fantastically realized world re-imaginer! Make sure to buy the complete edition for the full experience!"
game-hours: 119.1
review: This game is fantastic. I love the new Hex tiles, it makes if feel like the Settlers of Katan board game.Also the fact there can only be one military and one civilian unit per tile is great. I play coop with my friends all the time.
game-hours: 185.6
review: Great fun... but many friendships were ruined.
game-hours: 18.6
review: This is a great game, it's really fun playing through the single player and it has a large variety of different maps to play on. The multiplayer is also really fun when playing with friends. Solid 8 to a light 9, would reccomend.
game-hours: 117.1
review: Epic :D
game-hours: 424.4
review: Chose 'random leader' for my first game of Civ 5. Rolled Gandhi. Set out to build a nice little empire. Everyone was happy and well fed, cotton and whales were plentiful, and wonders were constructed to inspire my people. Then Montezuma showed up. He wanted my land, my people, my wonders... so I CRUSHED HIM. HIS EMPIRE BURNED BENEATH THE FEET OF MY ARMIES AND HIS CAPITAL CRUMBLED BY THEIR HANDS. BUT IT WOULD NOT STOP THERE, MY BLOODLUST WOULD NOT BE SATISFIED UNTIL EVERY NATION ON THE PLANET MET THEIR BRUTAL DEMISE. AND MEET IT THEY DID, ONE BY ONE UNTIL THE GREEN OF INDIA SPANNED THE GLOBE... It remains the most true to form I have every played a civ leader. 10/10 would be  Gandhi again
game-hours: 111.4
review: very fun
game-hours: 70.5
review: Solid game played for 10 hours straight couldn't beat Ghandi one more turn didn't help ghandi nuked me
game-hours: 112.4
review: Aztecs won the space race and landed on the moon, then they were nuked by gahndi. 10/10
game-hours: 93.1
review: Should have stemmed my multi-year impulse to get back into the Civ shiz for...... one week?! LOL
game-hours: 33.3
review: Extremely fun and relaxing and is great to play with friends. Gaming can last for hours and a time.
game-hours: 105.6
review: You know how when some people die, their bodies are preserved in a freezer for when we learn how to bring back people from the dead? Sid Meier invented an alternative to that.
game-hours: 13.8
review: A most excellent game, though you will find the path of evaluation slow. 2009 and just getting electricity, slow evaluation. Other than that fact it is worth getting if on sale for 50% off or more.
game-hours: 433.9
review: Downloaded a Mod, It caused the name of my empire to change depending on policies and religion, Formed the Islamic State of America, 8/8 Would Gandhi Again
game-hours: 189.8
review: Even though I have never played this game before it has quickly became one of my favourite games of 2009. Its ability to draw in the reader through its intricate web of lies and deceit truly baffles me to this very day making every hour I spend reading the installation manual the most enjoyable time Ive ever spent in my professional career. The glossy finish on the pages is perfect as they are tear resistant and easy to wipe. The resilient pages and beautifully labelled in ascending order numerically using a method that is both aesthetically pleasing and functional as all hell. Throughout this glorious manual there are many pictures, these are without a doubt the low point of the piece of perfection in bound form. The pictures seem to have little to no theme and barely fit with the manual in terms of orientation and political views. In summary, this is one of the more pleasing releases Ive come across in recent years and Ive spent many hours reading it. 9/10  Best addition to the series of novels yet (even comes with a collectors edition disc). -Note- Collectors edition will be reviewed at a later date.
game-hours: 270.2
review: A horribly addicting game. Hours upon hours lost to this game.
game-hours: 277.7
review: "Just one more turn..." "Great it's been 4 hours"
game-hours: 82.0
review: >Playing single player >Ghandi goes to war with me >Cries >2 or 3 Barbarian armys come out of nowhere and attack me. >Cries harder.
game-hours: 107.8
review: Who needs a girlfriend when you have civ?
game-hours: 59.3
review: Pretty sick. You know what this game is like. If you don't then you should find out.
game-hours: 24.4
review: Say goodbye to your social life, one turn at a time.
game-hours: 1.0
review: gandhi declaring war 10/10
game-hours: 215.6
review: From what I played of this game it is a very good 4X however I would recomend picking up Brave New World along with the game as it sorts out a few problems the game had on launch, however if you like playing with more sinarios and civs then you could pick up Gods and Kings for a few new bits of content. The changes that where made to cultural victorys make a lot more sense as in previous civ games it was a little too easy to mass produce culture in citys and slowly but surely take over the world, not to mention you can now pick which religion you adopt and can add perks to help you with the type of victory you would like to accoplish. And lastly the big change and the most welcome from my perspective. Battles. They had to be the most frustrating thing about the previous game as tons of eneimes could inhabit the same tile as each other making seeing what was coming at you a nightmare, not anymore though and thankfully with the addition of ranged units that can attack without being attacked themselfs it makes combat incredibley fun and strategic, and no need to worry about a stray bandit coming in and taking over a city as they now have health that needs to be taken down before they can be captured. So if you are looking for a knew game to waste some precious hours on I see no reason why this one can't be for you.
game-hours: 453.5
review: "Thanks Ghandi" should be the "Thanks Obama" of Civilizations.
game-hours: 0.6
review: I have no idea how to play this 0/10
game-hours: 128.9
review: Before anyone es about the multiplayer, it is not broken. Most people say it's loading screen simulator, but maybe if your computer or internet wasn't complete  it would work. I have flawlessly played multiplayer, to the point of where most of my time is multiplayer. It's not broken for trading anymore, they finally patched a bug where you could offer a counter offer to a trade and accept it yourself. If you did that, you could take everything they own except their capital. Now that that is patched playing with random people other then your friends is okay because they can't steal everything anymore. Singleplayer is fun as well, but then you have the ghandi, the hypocrtical . Other then ghandi, singleplayer is fun so you don't even need to play a game with random people or your friends. So no matter what, you can play this amazing game with no problems with or without friends. So after reading this entire review, what are you doing? BUY THE DAMN GAME ALREADY.
game-hours: 7.9
review: great...
game-hours: 70.9
review: I thnik this is one of the most addicting and fun games
game-hours: 125.7
review: BEST GAME EVER !!!.I wish there was a scenario maker
game-hours: 113.2
review: A limitless gaming time. So many possibilities and having fun online or single player(Or LAN). One of the best games in that category!
game-hours: 90.8
review: A very good game to spend time, along with friends or with mods will accompany you through many hours and longer. Personally recommend everyone to try it~~
game-hours: 126.8
review: This game is addicting. When I start I cannot stop. I've been playing Sid Meier's Civilization series since forever and I loved every single one of them. The only flaw imo is the multiplayer. People always leave. I hate that. Anyway 10/10
game-hours: 333.0
review: The game is good with Brave New World. Complete edition is recommended.
game-hours: 43.7
review: very fun 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 196.9
review: While many say its much simpler than Civ 4, that doesn't stop it being an absolutley amazing game.
game-hours: 592.3
review: In my opinion, Civ V with the latest DLC's is the best Civ to date. Exceptional re-playability, trophies, entertainment and balance. Of course it has been around long enough to hone itself to near perfection. Easily recommended for any 4X gamer who somehow has never heard of Civ or Sid Meier.
game-hours: 12.7
review: I love this game, and reccomend it to anyone who is a fan of strategy, 9.5/10
game-hours: 12.9
review: When you play lan battles with friends, DO NOT GO TO THE BATHROOM. Somehow, like magic, almost all of my cities and gold and almost everything somehow came under his control. He claims it was the AI that took my stuff. Still hate Gandhi. 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000/10 would reccomend
game-hours: 156.6
review: If you're planning on going outside ever again, you might want to skip this one.
game-hours: 3494.9
review: Best computer game
game-hours: 347.9
review: Playing peacefully the entire game. Becoming a highly technological civilization. Gets invaded by a foreign country. Defends borders agaisnt the invaders. Gets condemned by the world for being a warmongerer. World COngress embargoes me. Builds nukes. Takes over the world. 11/10 Would take over the world cause I was bullied again
game-hours: 263.7
review: Yes
game-hours: 44.2
review: I'm not gonna' lie, games like this I don't really enjoy. But this is something else. It can look quite confusing to begin with however from the guidence of a few friends I was running my own empire, founding new cities and creating a religion. Under my control Japan was ruling the world. And I was loving it to say the least. The multiplayer works slightly differently but with a few friends it's still great fun! Overall and amazing game. And I can't really complain when I got the full game plus all the DLC for only 8.99!
game-hours: 45.1
review: Buy this game if you want to kill any chances of ever having a social life again. 10/10
game-hours: 282.5
review: My first game, I found 2 Ais the names of these are Gandhi and Atila the Hun. We traded and made strong friendships with each other. 20 turns later I saw Gandhi had some Giant Death Robots near my border all of a sudden I noticed Atila had some submarines with Nuclear Missiles. In the blink of an eye my people in my capital were screaming and my empire was on fire and I lost my only friends. 10/10 When I see Gandhi or Atila in my games I now rethink my life, quit civ and start crying
game-hours: 749.8
review: good
game-hours: 140.9
review: Warning: More addictive than your favorite designer drug.
game-hours: 771.8
review: ....One.....More....Turn..... (4 hours later) ....One.....More....Turn..... (3 in the morning) it Gandi f*cking nukes?!?! *gets off and goes to bed* *can't sleep* *gets back on* (4 hours later) ....One.....More....Turn..... 42/10 would f*ck literally left my girlfriend to play this game
game-hours: 351.8
review: It's ok, played it a couple times
game-hours: 58.7
review: I built an empire off oranges. 12/10
game-hours: 610.8
review: There was a time when I would go out with friends and we'd talk about our favorite things and fun experiences we've had and just have a good time. We'd all see each other at school and still be able to balance having fun with getting an education. I would come home after a long day at school to my family and we'd talk about things that happened and we'd all laugh and enjoy ourselves. After, I would go to work where I loved and see all my colleagues who were all so interesting and enjoyable. Then I'd clock out and go home elated, only to be able to go to sleep and do it all again. There was a time. Screw all that! Now all I need is civ. This game is a must play for any one who likes the concept of building an empire from scratch. It is very fun in the sense that many real-world situations and dialogues are given to you as the leader of your mighty nation. The game is also very informative by using factual information and historical units/buildings as well as relevent unique abilities to real civilizations (alive or extinct). This game is all about balancing your empire, as you must make sure you can keep up with science, culture, wealth, and happiness. The DLC for the game has added the ability to found religions, to participate in the world congress (similar to the UN), and to adopt idiologies (which translate roughly to modern-day democracy, communism, and facism/totalitarianism). The game is realistic in including city states that can be allied with or threatened for wealth, the trading of goods or services (asking to declare war on nation/asking for votes in world congress), and the rise of rebels in an empire if it grows too unhappy. This games is great, but it does have some minor flaws. The denouncing system in the game was adjusted a bit with an update, but it still is a tad off. Late game civs will often denounce you for no observable reason, which in a sense does add to the unpredictability of other leaders. Building wonders is a struggle, and if someone builds one that you were currently building you get a minor gold compensation that doesn't account for the production you've lost in a city. Some victory conditions are very hard to achieve as well (such as diplomatic or cultural) if one civ is dominant, but no one will want to weaken them as they will just look like warmongers. It's hard to make friends and keep them when ideologies and the world congress are formed, and plunges the game into a more chaotic state. However the game is extremely well made and provides hours and hours of excitement, and each game played is different than the one before. The workshop allows for endless scenarios and civilizations to use, as well as improvements that the game developers may have overlooked. Overall, I reccomend this game to those who love games such as Rome: Total War, Empire Earth, Rise of Nations etc. Fair warning: this game may take up almost all of your time. 9/10.
game-hours: 207.7
review: Gandhi Betrayal Simulator 2010 1337/420 - IGN
game-hours: 2.3
review: Like Skyrim, with Ghandi.
game-hours: 21.2
review: Love the game, but really dissapointed with the price of the dlc's.
game-hours: 11.7
review: Just like all sid meiers games you lose track of time with the concentration you put in to it haha
game-hours: 221.2
review: Civ is a goood game that will test your strategy game ability, diplomacy and tatics to rule your empire. Its a great game well worth buying.
game-hours: 27.5
review: One of the most fun and all consuming games I've had the pleasure of playing. From holding a small mountain pass against multiple waves Napolean's cavelry all 300 style with a single group of spearmen to fostering new trade agreements with the Egyptions across the sea this game is fun. You sit down thinking oh, just a few turns then I'll save and make some dinner, but the next thing you know it's 4am and you need to be in to work for 6am. Simple mechanics that are easy and fun to learn. Multiple ways to win, from the classic RTS plan of kill everyone to the more complex cultural and tourrism victory. Tons of replay value as every game plays out diffrently.
game-hours: 181.4
review: If you have 1 day to live, don't play Civ V. It will take those 24 hours and crush them, there is no game more addicting than this
game-hours: 20.5
review: Awesome and addictive. 6/5 potatoes.
game-hours: 680.0
review: Love this game, i deffintly recomend buying the complete pack, it is stupid to just buy Civilization V with no DLC.
game-hours: 191.9
review: One of the best strategic games of this era. Best replacement for chess in decades :)
game-hours: 323.8
review: This game was my very first turn-based game, and I have to say it's worth the money, even the DLC. Sadly, it removed some of the qualities from Civ 4 for all you oldies, but its still a new and awesome game that's worth playing. The DLC is what adds more to the game making it better strategy wise and especially fun with friends. The multiplayer is much better with the improvised patches that help make it better and smoother. The craziest part about this game is that they can last weeks if you play on marathon mode with friends or a bunch of AI. The AI decision making is not the best, but it's feasible and they can make some suprising actions no matter how long you play. I've been playing this game for nearly 2 years and it still never gets old, even with friends, and new content made by the fans at the workshop. I'll continue to play it every now and then and in my eyes is considered classic-worthy material; it's hell of a lot better than CiV:BE. The worst possible thing is playing a marathon match with 12 AI playing as Bismarck in the year 3422 with Ghandi, and all of a sudden you get nuked near the end and lose it all; All two weeks of progress to dominate the world cultrually, scientifically, forcefully, or diplomatically.
game-hours: 199.4
review: This game is fantastic! I play it with my friends and the internet and solo all of the time. I highly recomend it to anybody who ikes a good, turn based stratagy game!
game-hours: 78.0
review: Amazing installment. In my youth I spent nights playing Civ III but that game had many disadvantages, the worst of them were awful faces of leaders :) But Civ V conquered my heart instantly after my wife showed it to me. Totally worth the money I paid (1000 RUB on sale for full pack), many hours of gameplay including multiplayer, interesting achievements, full Civilopedia manual. Highly recommended for all fans of turn-based strategies (I am a big fan of HOMM series too).
game-hours: 452.4
review: LOVE THE GAME!
game-hours: 126.9
review: Building on the originals its a very time consuming game. But very enjoyable.
game-hours: 256.6
review: Best strategy game out there!
game-hours: 50.2
review: Really fun once you learn how to play!!
game-hours: 222.9
review: 11/10 Would kill Aztecs again
game-hours: 9.4
review: Gandhi nuked my capital city three times in a row He then started a major war with each other civilization and killed them all 10/10 would be killed by a pacifist again Also make sure you play with brave new world and gods and kings or the game gets boring after some time Still really good tho
game-hours: 149.7
review: Did you know Steam have changed the sound it makes when you add someone as a friend? So you should add me as a friend. Please add me as a friend. Please... I just want some friends. Im so lonely.
game-hours: 176.0
review: Either die as a legend, or live long enough to see Mongolia betray you.
game-hours: 79.7
review: Played a little bit.
game-hours: 162.2
review: This is an amazing series and this game is the epitome of it! You definately need to play! sorry for my poor spelling :)
game-hours: 90.6
review: I love this game espically the mutiplayer. it is so fun to get a bunch of friends together and play this game with them. I recommed this 100% to anyone.
game-hours: 27.1
review: Civ V is the type of game you play with the intention of finishing in 20 minutes. Civ V then laughs at you and makes you kneel before it as you play until dawn. Civilization 5 is an amazing game, it reminds me of when I used to play Command and Conquer Zero Hour. Civ V is packed to the brim with content, every time you play you learn something new. If you have some money, you should definitely pick up Civ V next time it goes on sale.
game-hours: 72.8
review: I have been playing the Civilization series since the late 1980's when I had it for my Atari ST and MS-DOS. The series has remained true to it's roots all along. Civilization V has continued in that tradition. I can highly recommend this game. I have not yet spent any time in multiplayer and more than likely won't very often if at all, not because of the game but because I prefer to play solo. The UI and control is well done, graphics and sounds also very well done. The fact that it has user made content support via the Workshop is a huge boost to the game options. Makes it infinatly replayable with that new content. So far the 2 things that I do not like is the fact you can not stack units which makes it tough to overwealm an enemy city or fortification. The other thing I do not like is the fact that land units can move across the sea without having to board sips, to me it kind of dumbs down that part of the game and takes some of the challenge away. In previous versions of Civilization you had to have ships to transport units across the sea. Overall the game is a lot of fun and in the end that all that really matters. Would recommend this to anyone who has enjoyed the earlier versions or who enjoys strategic games.
game-hours: 1515.6
review: Great game! Just remember one thing: Never Trust Gandhi
game-hours: 78.8
review: meh, not that good but worth a shot
game-hours: 1027.9
review: Not much else needs to be said after you see that I've played this game for almost 700 hours since it came out. I'm a huge fan of Civilization and have played every iteration since the first. Each has built upon the last and I can't wait to see if there will be a Civ VI sometime in the near future. A turn based strategy classic that will remain in my top 5 of all time.
game-hours: 27.0
review: Let the Confederate take charge!
game-hours: 95.2
review: Great global strategy of all time.
game-hours: 131.8
review: To start off, I feel I should issue a warning.. This game is incredibly addictive, if you have the patience for it. I personally think it's a game you either love or hate within the first few hours of play. For those of you like me who have given it a chance beyond those few hours of engaging enjoyment, you got hooked and most likely will end up investing an absolute tonne of hours into Civ 5, making it well worth the money. Civ is one of the best turn based strategy games I have played. On top of that, the extra DLC, specifically; 'Gods and Kings', and 'A Brave New World' add a fair bit to the game and I would suggest them as a good accompanying purchase. Basic breakdown of the game is; you choose your world leader/race each with unique skills that tend to fit them decently well compared to their historic counterparts. Next, you settle upon new land of your choosing, begin earning production points, science points, faith points, gold etc to make your city grow and branch out to make new cities in land further away as you discover more and more of the map you've been given. Seems simple? not quite. You have constant pokes from Barbarian's and barbarian camps, hostile countries and city states. You can try to win them over and steamroll other opponents, or try and squish each and every single city you happen to come across, the choice is really yours. A few things that really stand out for me is the fact that it allows a lot of leway for different playstyles. Something of which I utterly love. I enjoy when a game doesn't make these invisible little hallways to make sure you only walk in that and only that direction per say. It lets you freely make your own mistakes or victories. Another point I will happily give it, is that all maps are randomly generated adding even more content and depth for the game as you never know what you're going to be thrown. You could start on a map that will only give you a lot of production upfront or one that gives you a lot of gold, or maybe one that already has luxury resources, it's all up to chance. And another point it hands down warrants is for the incredible voice acting and languages, they are impeccable. Graphics for a lot of top down RTS games that I have played don't seem to leave much room for detail, Civ5 blows most if not all of the others out of the water with their attention to detail. Zooming in closer to your map and cities are a joy. And if that all weren't enough, the work put into making all the character details, histories, traits and historically accurate backgrounds for wonders and characters are remarkable. Now in saying that, this is *not* a History Simulator, do not come into this thinking it will all be 100% historically accurate. Doing so would be incredibly difficult and would in turn not make it Sid Meiers Civ due to how AI's would play. You have accurate backgrounds and info files for world wonders, natural wonders and all leaders, that's about it. AI will not react exactly like they would have back however many years. (Mind you, I only add this in here as I have actually heard a few complaints about it.) However, it's major failings lie within the AI, now if you're not constantly playing against someone in a PVP duel, you have nothing but the AI to deal with. This can be a bit of a headache as they end up with unfair advantages such as finding an abundance of luxury resources all the time no matter the difficulty. If you're just starting out on Civ, this can be a quite daunting put off, if you are a Civ veteran, you'll see even more flaws. Even within the trading system it will sometimes bug, never coming out to a fair trade or even worse not giving you anything for what you've offered. Wanting to sus out what you would get for a certain trade? Most of the time won't work, no matter how much or how little the bot can have in it's inventory. All in all though, it is an incredible game well worth it's weight in gold(See what I did there?), with how many hours you will end up investing into it.
game-hours: 79.7
review: great game :)
game-hours: 58.9
review: 12 hours a game gr8 with friends but will get mad if they take forever to end their turn 6/9
game-hours: 165.6
review: If you for some odd reaseson 'hate' a country ( we all have one ) this game is the place were you can wreck them with nukes in frickin 1750 AD, and all they have is sticks and stones to throw back.
game-hours: 4.3
review: Ok this is starting to get a bit boring, ill just have one more turn... 1 hour later "DAMN I NEED TO GET TO WORK!"
game-hours: 191.0
review: An amazing stratagy game, just look out for Gandhi...
game-hours: 140.0
review: I came, I saw, I got nuked by Ghandi then a massive war destroyed my save file 11/10
game-hours: 900.3
review: My dad plays this game all the time.
game-hours: 373.9
review: Love Civ too much!!!
game-hours: 474.9
review: Vanilla Civ V is good; Civ V with the expansions is great. Whenever I start to get bored with this game, I just install new mods, and it's fun again.
game-hours: 32.4
review: Building  and killing Gandhi, 9/11 would blaze again
game-hours: 44.8
review: "Sid Meier's Civilization V" is one of the best turn-based strategy games. There are many hours of fun to be had in this with this game, it can bring out the competitive side in you. (which can be a good or a bad thing) There are many wonderful DLC and expansion packs witch add many civilizations and among things. You can play the game by your self or with your friends-but be warned the multiplayer games can take a longtime to complete-either will give you along fun game
game-hours: 20.3
review: Solid engine, good strategy and Steam Workshop support, what more could you want! Settle down with a few friends, a drink and a large pizza, you could be there some time!
game-hours: 129.2
review: Yah I'll just play a few turns  it's 4 am
game-hours: 1747.6
review: 820 hrs. Still going strong
game-hours: 174.8
review: waste your time with this 'what time is it, again?' simulator!
game-hours: 192.6
review: one more turn 10/10
game-hours: 143.1
review: You gotta play as Venice. You might miss out on the cool Venice background in the Diplomatic menue, but its worth it so whatever. Be the great merchant and buy everything you desire. Make sure to rename your capital Venice to "Neo-Venezia" for maximum novelity. Play that savefile until 2301 AD in order to truely ascend. Lead Neo-Venezia to its deserved prosperity and welcome any undine habouring the excitement to make that city a wonderful place to explore. It will be like a person is reborn within, every time a foot is set into this city. Isn't that simply wonderful?
game-hours: 114.3
review: For any new players to Civ 5 Here are some facts on Gandhi 1. He is highly trustworthy 2. He will never betray you 3. In times of crisis, he will be there for you 4. He hate nukes, with a passion Just some facts I thought you should know
game-hours: 102.5
review: Dont trust the huns.
game-hours: 109.1
review: Civilization V Brave New World (the latest expansion) is one of the most expertly crafted strategy games in years. In compare with the initial release, BNW pushes towards the direction of having more interaction between civs, of broadening the context for strategic decision-making. Also the culture victory is more realistic (it introduce the concept of archaeology) and also fixes the imbalance with a improved concept of tourism. Another end-game feature is the World Congress. The hosting player and the player with the most delegates can propose laws to be put to a vote. Delegates are gained by advancing in eras and by having allied city states. This really makes having lots of city states on your side beneficial. Ideology is a new end-game concept introduced in this expansion and takes your society to the next level of social development (Freedom Order or Autocracy), each one with his own tree. There are much more improvements and new mechanics in Civ V BNW, but I will let you discover them and have a lot of fun with this "just one more turn" franchise ;) This is the most fun Ive had with Civilization since Civ III Conquests.
game-hours: 193.2
review: Best game I have played in a long time! One play through and I have played for over 13 hours!
game-hours: 23.1
review: This is a must play game..it feels Quite a good..got it cheap after 4 years :P. Played it and had much fun..A 10/10 game..Even if i am not a big fan of strategy and simulation games
game-hours: 136.2
review: good game........ruined lifes.....very good game
game-hours: 730.7
review: One of the most addicting games I have ever had the pleasure of playing. I don't know how many times I've started playing at 10pm or so and looked up at the clock to find it was 4 in the morning. So... I guess don't buy this if you really need your sleep, haha. Otherwise you totally should if you like RTS's, solo or with friends.
game-hours: 176.2
review: Attila tried to conquer my city then proced to slam his face against my wall. Did not work so he gave me a city as an apologize. 10/10 would recommend
game-hours: 1062.4
review: Always a favorite series of mine. Though each iteration takes some getting used to, the expansions really help to flesh out the game.
game-hours: 46.2
review: o.k.
game-hours: 76.0
review: Civilization V is a great game that you can play for over 250+ hours and still not know every tactic or strategy and you'll never "beat" it. It's a strategic game where not building that one military unit could be your downfall. Overall a solid game. 8/10
game-hours: 611.6
review: Denouncing simulator. 10/10
game-hours: 191.5
review: Highly addictive.
game-hours: 65.6
review: JUST DO IT.
game-hours: 206.2
review: Ever wondered if you could go back in time and change the past. Ever thought about how did earlier major civilizations rose and fell as soon as they were in power. Or do you just simply enjoy watching paint dry? Then this is the game for you! Choose your favourite civilization over a vast collection and find out why they started sucking so hard before entering medieval age. Witness how an ally decides to stab your back after being best friends for a over centuries just because you didn't answer their demands. This game offers a great opportunity to feel like being in charge of everything inside a civilization. And if the computer AI started making you mad, try out the multiplayer and invite your dearest friends! Soon you'll end up having vicious fights about someone making their decisions for hours. You will love getting revenge on those wasted minutes. This game is A 5/5 and a great pick for some mild LAN parties.
game-hours: 88.9
review: WARNING!!!: This game is really Addictive, you think you can handle one more turn but after 12 hours you realize it wasn`t one turn. I am person who really like strategic games and Civilization V is the best strategic game so... best game EVER made. 11/10
game-hours: 123.5
review: Betrayal simulator 2015 11/10
game-hours: 403.7
review: Fun game if you have a few days to kill playing one game and being nuked by Gandhi. 1/10 ING >Too good.
game-hours: 67.0
review: Soon finished with one game..
game-hours: 1058.0
review: 900+ Hours! The only reason I will stop playing this game, is when the next Civ comes out :P
game-hours: 51.0
review: Fun Game
game-hours: 844.0
review: Vanilla this game is decent, but with Brave New World and Gods and Kings this game is brilliant! so much fun and so much time to be wasted, i recomend this game to any and all!
game-hours: 114.8
review: 13/10 Ruins all friendships
game-hours: 36.0
review: Awsome game, you can just play it for hours and not get bored. Some things are a bit to over powerd but you almost have to play this game. Edit: The dlc are really worth buying. I bought them on sale so if i was you. I would wait for a good sale or something that could drive the price down.
game-hours: 488.2
review: The best way to waste a weekend.
game-hours: 177.9
review: >Think it won't be a great game buy it anyway >Love it >Play it all day think about it all night >Stop doing basic things (sleeping, eating, bathing), my civilization is more important >Play all day and all night, do nothing else >Ruined my life 11/10 would play all day and all night again. I without a doubt do not regret playing this game, even though I hated strategy games I was persuaded by friends to buy this and am I glad I did. This is one of the best games I have played it's one of the top 3 which include bioshock infinite and skyrim. Each play through can be different (depending on who you play with... I'm talking about you Alfie). The amount of different ways you can play is amazing I can't get enough of it.
game-hours: 115.5
review: started a civ as russia 4000 years later, i conquered all of asia, europe, and some of africa. why? because communism. 10/10 would stalin again.
game-hours: 110.5
review: EPIC STRATEGY
game-hours: 68.4
review: this game combines the beautiful playstyle of the other civ games with outstanding dlc and an amazing aray of diversity in a game which at first glance can be repetative, no matter how many campaigns (or whatever you want to call them) this game never gets boring. 8/10
game-hours: 105.7
review: Great game!!!! Addicted!!!
game-hours: 85.5
review: It's turn 386 and I have no clue what I am doing. 65.2/10
game-hours: 821.1
review: Is decent...
game-hours: 37.9
review: Wow...where can i start? this game is the definition of my childhood. i purchased this game at age 13 and holy hoot! its been a year since ive owned this game! i reccomend playing with a couple of friends and either game against each other or blast off to victory together! on this games releases it was riddled with bugs and glitches but since then they have patched them all. Its incredible how much the DLCs add to the game, you can catch this gem on sale often times with DLCs. I personally think this game was extremely overlooked and not really noob-friendly. This game is best with dlcs and a conquering mind set. dont overlook this diamond in the ruff!
game-hours: 25.3
review: if your willing to stay up hours on end to defend your nation and ignore real worrld responsibility, buy this game:}
game-hours: 45.8
review: My first experience of a Civilzation game (took advantage of the complete set being onsale) - all i can say is awesome and what a day killer! Very enjoyable way to waste time :-)
game-hours: 332.0
review: Can you build a civilization that stands the test of time? Or even other civilizations? This game is amazing. It has everything a civilization game should have, and more. The gamplay - a blast. The graphics - beautiful. The soundtrack - amazing. This game is truly amazing, and at least worth the base game, if not getting all of the DLC. 10/10
game-hours: 11.1
review: -starts off peacefull -tries to befriend china and siam -friendly with both -is nice to china -china becomes  -defends self after unprovoked attack -everyone claims that I'm  after defending self -everyone angry -obsessed with revenge -take over siam -manhatten project -try to be nice to china -china still  -build nukes -one last act of kindness towards china -china still  -nukes the  out of china -builds fishing boat
game-hours: 3150.5
review: As one of the first video games I have ever played on the PC (and Steam), this title and the franchise it belongs to will always have a very special place in my eyes. 'Sid Meier's Civilization V' is a turn-based strategy game, in which you (idealistically) start with two units; a warrior and a settler, and as the game progresses, you expand and turn what seemed in the beginning like nothing, into something that will be sure to have you hooked into playing until the very end. As an individual who was completely new to the whole entire "PC Gaming" scene, I was certainly surprised by the lack of "professional skill" that it took to learn, understand, and play "Civ" (as most people usually refer to the game as). This game is sure to be a pleasure to play for individuals that are entirely new to the turned-based strategy genre of gaming or are already (or at least, believing to be) "seasoned veterans" who are more-than-familiar with how titles like this function. Provided that the person in question has the patience to wait for others (whether it be the AI or a fellow player) to take what seems like a "never-ending" (yeah, I know this is a gross-exaggeration) turn, you will always be in the mood to immerse yourself in one of the most enjoyable video game franchises that has ever existed on the face of the Earth (arguably, another gross-exaggeration, but probably not).
game-hours: 157.0
review: This game is better than a big booty hoe
game-hours: 658.2
review: This is a great game for the those who love Civilization. The tool works and the community is interested.
game-hours: 209.3
review: I get to kill any of my citizens that think it's a good idea to rebel against me and I get to nuke cities without anybody questioning my decisions. I love Dictatorship V, 10/10
game-hours: 90.8
review: A fantastic stradegy game that allows you to take the role of almost any civilization and allow your to take them thoughout the entire history of time. Its very avaible for newcomers and even caters towards long time fans. Its appeal it aweosme it its almost impossible to stop playing. Howeve the only issue is that the expansions are waht really makes the game fantastic. The base game is godd but it doesnt compare to the amazingness of the expansions.
game-hours: 12.7
review: Just like runescape, trust me.
game-hours: 107.1
review: I have lost days and nights playng this game. It is the only game i know of that i can spend hours apon hours at a time with no food or drink. Strongly recomend this for anyone, trying to no study for finals, lose some pounds or are suffering from a physo x girlfriend and cant leave the house for a few days
game-hours: 91.6
review: I'm not a fan of turn-based strategy so I was going to be quite a hard sell on this. However, in the 50 hours I've racked up in the first two weeks of owning the game, I'm fairly thrilled and enjoying it. You can tinker with a single or multiplayer game for days on end and just calmly murder that bloody irritating Ghandi in your own time. I've barely even touched the available mods for the game, so I've still got that excitement coming to me. All in all, a nice timekiller, and can even be played while you're doing other things.
game-hours: 37.1
review: I once woke up, played this game for the whole day, went to bed, and the game wasn't even three-quarters finished. 10/10.
game-hours: 582.0
review: Anal Juices.....
game-hours: 763.7
review: I spent many weekends playing this by myself...would reccomend
game-hours: 136.5
review: Great game, with incredible detail into the smallest things.
game-hours: 81.4
review: I don't know how to play this game. I'm not very good. I have no Idea what I'm doing. Why Am I on steam right now? Well good night everyone. time to die.
game-hours: 97.6
review: Great
game-hours: 256.5
review: Chipotle took over America. 999\10
game-hours: 76.0
review: More ways to win!
game-hours: 603.4
review: BEST GAME BEST GAME!! 10 OUT OF 10 100% KOOL!!
game-hours: 95.9
review: Great game
game-hours: 172.6
review: Seriously, hi is one of the best games I've ever played. There's amassive world, aninfinite amount of possibilities for playhrough, and a great community in the Steam Workshop. Especially great with the Gods and Kings + Brave New World DLC. Also, really appreciated the Mta Nui map mo. Brought back some memories.
game-hours: 13.0
review: Choose a world leader. Create a civilization. Make cities, name them, improve them. Conquer other lands. Choose your government. Immortal Communist George Washington. Great Merchant Steve Jobs, born in 1576 to Japan. A+
game-hours: 84.4
review: So Much Fun
game-hours: 55.3
review: If you haven't had an erection yet, you will know.
game-hours: 174.2
review: This game will suck the life out of you; very addictive, very well made. And if you have a moster rig as i do you will enjoy it even more.
game-hours: 54.9
review: Best Game Ever 10/10
game-hours: 393.8
review: oh HAI!!!! I LOVE this game. probably one of the best games I've played. There's a few things from civ 4 that I would put back in... and the expansion is fantastic as well. pick this up if you enjoy strategy, but keep in mind that 1 game can last up to 8 hours if you survive the early to mid game :) I give it 4.5 Meow's out of 5. Wtf does that mean? who knows.....
game-hours: 29.7
review: THIS IS AN OVERGLORIFIED BOARD GAME.
game-hours: 202.8
review: This is the biggest time destroying game ever created. There is no way to have a quick game in CIV, to really enjoy it you have to start from ancient,you have to be playing agains friends and you must kill Gandhi! 10/10 i love this game and i havent even wasted many hours on enough civs yet.
game-hours: 137.6
review: Pretty good. Make sure you pick up all the expansions are you're missing out.
game-hours: 22.0
review: Ghandi forever OP....must buy for Ghandi...
game-hours: 8.7
review: Alaxander the great insulted my culture 10/10 would nuke Greece again
game-hours: 41.4
review: This is an incredible game,it allows you to choose your leader and your civ(civilization)and change the flow of time for the civilization.Pros and cons: Pros: +Graphics are excellent +You can change to strategic view which helps alot! +Good in singleplayer and online +Big variety of mods out there +A ton of leaders and Civilizations +Detailed,you can control almost everything in your empire/country/state/republic +Diplomacy with other leaders Cons: -Will reach its full potential with the DLC's -Lack of time in a game(can be changed by changing the victory type) So,basically its a great game,I bought the Collection so I got the DLC's,however,some people may not want to spend that kind of money on the DLC's,so I suggest buying it on a sale.The game itself is incredible,there are so many mods out there.You get the ability to negotiate,trade,demand,discuss policy,declare war on a leader and many more things.I love the game,and I'm sure you will too. P.S:Don't be friends with Gandhi...
game-hours: 40.0
review: gandhi is a massive .
game-hours: 39.7
review: Very nice, especially the quotes!
game-hours: 38.2
review: I'm amazed every time at what Sid Meier can achieve by himself. All this by one man. Amazing. Although I could think if Sid hired a second guy to help him work on it, it could be even better.
game-hours: 105.9
review: Most addictive game that I've come across in a while. Each time you play it, you're playing a different game. 10/10
game-hours: 174.1
review: This game is emaculate in my opinion, par the ocassional issue with playing with people across the pond... Whether you enjoy smashing the AI or making alliances and betraying your friends.. this game is one of the best strategy games out there for it.
game-hours: 102.7
review: Fun game, 10/10
game-hours: 761.2
review: Amazingly fun and addictive. Splurge yourself and get Brave New World. It's seriously the best.
game-hours: 101.6
review: Civilization V Is the most realistic strategy games I have ever played. With smart AI, Trading and politic aspect this game adds up to be the perfect strategy simulator. As you age from cavemen to towering robots every thing you do creates a story in it self.
game-hours: 179.5
review: is gud
game-hours: 235.8
review: Intelligent gaming at its finest.
game-hours: 450.3
review: A quite addicting 4X that has a fair amount of factions to pick from, would recommend to but the complete edition because it feels somewhat incomplete without the DLC.
game-hours: 1715.3
review: You will invest many hours into this game.
game-hours: 39.8
review: Excellent strategy! Definatly a good sit down game when you have lots of free time and willing friend to join you!
game-hours: 271.1
review: Top 10 things to know- 1) Ghandi= Happiness and peace (Thermonuclear warfare and death) for everyone! 2) War is best 3) Only make the game last for a long time if you want the AI to hate you 4) The AI declares war for no good reason 5) ONE...MORE...TURN... 6) Ceasar=Extreme backstabber...I think he want's what was don to him to happen to everyone 7) Dem stealth bombers tho 8) Dem nukes tho 9) Prepare to pledge your life to the all-powerful "Next-Turn Button" 10) Backstabbing simulator 20something Serious Review- This is a great 4x strategy game, and if that's what you're looking for, buy it. It has a fully functional Multiplayer as well as Singleplayer. You essentially play as different civilizations from history and try to win using various different methods, which are explained in the tutorial.
game-hours: 538.4
review: the game is well designed but with some minor problems for some peoples connection while in multiplayer single player is good
game-hours: 28.9
review: Ghandi but with nukes 11/10
game-hours: 91.4
review: Converted Vatican City to Buddhism 10/10
game-hours: 1711.4
review: I've had this game since Christmas 2013. I've clocked over 1600 hours on this game. That's more than TWO HOURS EVERY SINGLE DAY. EVERY DAY THE PAST TWO YEARS. Woah. Great game though.
game-hours: 47.8
review: Can nuke Ghandi. 10/10
game-hours: 52.4
review: Days of your life lost to frustration and boredom!
game-hours: 703.7
review: Nuke Gandhi!
game-hours: 15.5
review: Very fun! Excellent graphics, and an easy control scheme. Definitely worth purchasing! :)
game-hours: 22.5
review: Very funny at the end. The other Empires gave up their land to me 10/10
game-hours: 199.5
review: Was doing midterms when the question was "What was the capital city of the Aztecs?" Then I remembered the time I was invading the Aztecs empire "Huh, Tenochtitlan is an odd name for a city..." I got an A on that test. 11/10 would reccomend.
game-hours: 720.4
review: simply amazing. i love it and in my opinion it is the best game ever created on any platform
game-hours: 12.7
review: great game
game-hours: 361.1
review: didn't play much, it's ok i guess
game-hours: 294.6
review: Do you like to play FPS or *cough* "callofduty" *cough* games rather than RTS and TBS games? (i am still a fan of Battlefield.. and the majority of other fps games xD) Well... let me just stop you there! This is more than your average "call of duty" affair right here. You see, within this game is hours and hours (222 hours judging by the amount of my life ive already wasted) of brilliant gameplay! Limited only to your logical ability as you play the game over and over again whilst testing your strategy and determination all while being able to play with ai or friends! You will play this game... AND HAVE FUN! [10/10] Better yet, you will leave smarter than the average man!
game-hours: 34.5
review: this FPS is soo cool killed 100 space cowboys in this game it was great but the no regenerating health bar kinda sucks but love train simulators 10000000000000000/10000000000000000000
game-hours: 56.0
review: i love this game it is adickting
game-hours: 20.3
review: It's like Mac and Cheese but better.
game-hours: 7.6
review: great game, its also a good way to stab ur friends in the back
game-hours: 16.3
review: There's a game called Civilization where you get your own little nation Be immortal, rule as you see fit, just one click and you can decree  From Civ 1 to Civ V BNW, it's your job to find the solution Need advice from somebody wiser? Just ask Elvis, he's your adviser Everybody thinks you're nobody important If this were Fight Club, you'd be Edward Norton. A gimp, a geek, a shrimp... they call you weak they call you wimp (and so lame!) Little do they know that you're a man of power You can conquer peoples hour after hour They'd fear you if they lived in the borders of your Civ! So keep playing Civilization, take good care of your little nation Start a war with ancient Egyptians, spread your equally valid religion Win with science, culture, or napalm Watch out, Gandhi might drop the A-bomb You can show your neighbors you love them, Or just beat the dog  out of them Oh-ho, key change, mofo! When you're playing Civilization, history becomes your creation, Learn to write before you can read and build the Taj Majal right in Cleveland! Keep your wits and your sense of humor Watch out for that prick Montezuma (He's a ) You can change the future a lot, see? You can even make Jewish Nazis If it's in your imagination, it can be your civilization
game-hours: 2.2
review: 9/10. Play with a friend and u haev time of your life. not a 10 because it takes time to adjust, u dont just start playing and become a master
game-hours: 816.3
review: i recommend dis gaem but ILY NEEDS TO ING PREESSS END TURN WHAT A ING WANGUS
game-hours: 70.4
review: Very time consuming but very fun as well! 10/10
game-hours: 72.0
review: no questions asked, mongolia is a .
game-hours: 320.1
review: this game
game-hours: 498.1
review: Civilizaton V is one of the best strategy games i have ever played i played over 300 hours of it and i still have more to learn i highly reccomend playing this game
game-hours: 165.5
review: my most favrouite game ever love it love keep up the good work guys
game-hours: 29.6
review: Best. Game. Ever
game-hours: 1058.1
review: Its not too addicting i suppose. Sure gandhi likes to nuke me, causing me to devote a bit of time to revenge, sure genghis wll be your best friend even if you are a  to him, but i mean , it isnt my whole life... Anyway, I got a present to deliver to a certain robed man.
game-hours: 77.7
review: 11/10 - IGN
game-hours: 2030.4
review: Classic ,but more to that - it's an unending adventure of finding a way to victory and outsmart your competitors.
game-hours: 410.1
review: mint
game-hours: 38.2
review: Very fun strategy game recomend to people who enjoy learning about history or enjoy strategy games!
game-hours: 106.4
review: best strategy game 10/10 also you can play with russia so 11/10
game-hours: 28.4
review: Day 86,still haven't finish my first game.
game-hours: 41.3
review: Possibly the greatest (and most addicting) turn based strategy game ever made. It has great graphics and an amazing soundtrack. I honestly am hardpressed to find anything to complain about, other than the fact that it literally eats my time.
game-hours: 20.9
review: The game is fun u can play with ur friends and conquer the world
game-hours: 8.6
review: a very fun and a stratagized game
game-hours: 472.5
review: this game will ruin your life with its one more turn mechanic. Just last night i was up till 5 in the morning since i just wanted to finish constructing the Eifel tower and win a war against Arabia. This game has taken away much of my life and will continue to do so. This is even without me playing any multiplayer. 467 hrs and counting of world conquest.
game-hours: 962.4
review: Fun strategy game. While there are some minor bugs and glitches, as well as some minor annoyances, there is still that "Just one more turn" play that has been with the Civilization series. The game looks great, and allows many playstyles. Just be aware of sometimes scumbag AI, happiness issues, and most of all, be prepared for the long haul. One game I've been playing accounts for roughly 15 hours of my playtime, and I'm only about 75% done with it. This is on standard time and map size, and normal difficulty. But anyways, great game, highly recommended.
game-hours: 114.9
review: best game 2093
game-hours: 64.0
review: Uh Not too sure what to write here so heres a recipe for Pancakes instead Ingredients: 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour 3 tablespoons sugar 1 tablespoon baking powder 1/4 teaspoon salt 1/8 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg 2 large eggs, at room temperature 1 1/4 cups milk, at room temperature 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more as needed Now to make it 1. In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder, salt, and nutmeg. 2. In another bowl, beat the eggs and then whisk in the milk and vanilla. 3. Melt the butter in a large cast iron skillet or griddle over medium heat. 4. Whisk the butter into the milk mixture. Add the wet ingredients to the flour mixture, and whisk until a thick batter is just formed 5. Keeping the skillet at medium heat, ladle about 1/4 cup of the batter onto the skillet, to make a pancake. Make 1 or 2 more pancakes, taking care to keep them evenly spaced apart. Cook, until bubbles break the surface of the pancakes, and the undersides are golden brown, about 2 minutes. Flip with a spatula and cook about 1 minute more on the second side. Serve immediately or transfer to a platter and cover loosely with foil to keep warm. Repeat with the remaining batter, adding more butter to the skillet as needed. 6. Procedure for adding fruit to pancakes: Once the bubbles break the surface of the pancakes, scatter the surface with sliced or diced fruit, or chocolate chips, nuts, etc. Flip with a spatula and cook for 1 minute more, being careful not to burn toppings
game-hours: 776.4
review: Wonderful 4X strategy game that allows for many different approaches and play styles. Fun to play, difficult to master.
game-hours: 135.5
review: its a great game,but you should get and least Gods and Kings to go with it
game-hours: 328.0
review: I think this game quite enjoyable.
game-hours: 43.9
review: Good game is all i can say; scratch that: Awesome game!!
game-hours: 232.1
review: I started with Civilization and have played every iteration. This is easily my favorite. The unit system eliminates the "stack of death" balance issue. I would recommend starting with both expansions as they add a great deal of content.
game-hours: 78.9
review: This is a very fun adicting game. It has some of the most well known leaders of ancient times. This game brings all cizilaations together.
game-hours: 263.7
review: just...one....more....turn.....
game-hours: 53.1
review: Nuke everybody as Gandhi
game-hours: 102.1
review: "Oh I'll just play a little to pass some time." Next thing you know it's the next day. 11/10
game-hours: 1.6
review: Like Skryim with tiles 10/10
game-hours: 94.7
review: its pretty good i guess
game-hours: 320.5
review: Play as 3D Adolf Hitler and vanquish your enemies in this exciting new game.
game-hours: 4.4
review: Simply Faptastic
game-hours: 82.0
review: It's a great game. Takes forever and a day to finish a game even though you can save at points. the maps are huge and strategical planning is vital. Its very entertaining. Fun with friends if you plan to have a couple days to play it.
game-hours: 532.9
review: >:)
game-hours: 203.4
review: Quite a chill relaxing game which takes alot of thought to it quite fun trying to alter history like having the Pentagon in Russia or having "The Great Pyramids Of England"
game-hours: 768.6
review: Day 249 It's been so long since I have seen the light. I sometimes wonder if I will ever again see my friends, my family, and society. I'm low on food rations, but perhaps if I replace those trade posts with farms around the river, I'll be able to eat again. I have approximately $50.00 left in my reserves... I already know what I must do. Buy the complete edition. This is perhaps the last time humanity may hear of me, so this will be my goodbye letter. I want my loved ones to forgive me... but I regret nothing. I have tasks to do. My main task as of now is to completely ravage then dominate Russia. That backstabbing witch!... *sighs* My German utopia towers over each empire. No one stands a chance. Soon...
game-hours: 230.1
review: played 11 hours from 4 p.m. to 3 a.m. and then woke up hen next morning and played it till around 2 p.m. so I guess you could say that it is an okay game...
game-hours: 10.2
review: This game is really fun and really historical. It was voted both the Game of the Year and Strategy Game of the Year by gamespy in 2010. In a nutshell, this is the best strategy and historical game ever. I would recommend that you play this game.
game-hours: 377.2
review: Really good game! Keep up the good work
game-hours: 77.2
review: LOVE THIS GAME
game-hours: 49.6
review: tactical diplomacy simulator.
game-hours: 720.4
review: simply amazing. i love it and in my opinion it is the best game ever created on any platform
game-hours: 12.7
review: great game
game-hours: 361.1
review: didn't play much, it's ok i guess
game-hours: 294.6
review: Do you like to play FPS or *cough* "callofduty" *cough* games rather than RTS and TBS games? (i am still a fan of Battlefield.. and the majority of other fps games xD) Well... let me just stop you there! This is more than your average "call of duty" affair right here. You see, within this game is hours and hours (222 hours judging by the amount of my life ive already wasted) of brilliant gameplay! Limited only to your logical ability as you play the game over and over again whilst testing your strategy and determination all while being able to play with ai or friends! You will play this game... AND HAVE FUN! [10/10] Better yet, you will leave smarter than the average man!
game-hours: 34.5
review: this FPS is soo cool killed 100 space cowboys in this game it was great but the no regenerating health bar kinda sucks but love train simulators 10000000000000000/10000000000000000000
game-hours: 56.0
review: i love this game it is adickting
game-hours: 20.3
review: It's like Mac and Cheese but better.
game-hours: 7.6
review: great game, its also a good way to stab ur friends in the back
game-hours: 16.3
review: There's a game called Civilization where you get your own little nation Be immortal, rule as you see fit, just one click and you can decree  From Civ 1 to Civ V BNW, it's your job to find the solution Need advice from somebody wiser? Just ask Elvis, he's your adviser Everybody thinks you're nobody important If this were Fight Club, you'd be Edward Norton. A gimp, a geek, a shrimp... they call you weak they call you wimp (and so lame!) Little do they know that you're a man of power You can conquer peoples hour after hour They'd fear you if they lived in the borders of your Civ! So keep playing Civilization, take good care of your little nation Start a war with ancient Egyptians, spread your equally valid religion Win with science, culture, or napalm Watch out, Gandhi might drop the A-bomb You can show your neighbors you love them, Or just beat the dog  out of them Oh-ho, key change, mofo! When you're playing Civilization, history becomes your creation, Learn to write before you can read and build the Taj Majal right in Cleveland! Keep your wits and your sense of humor Watch out for that prick Montezuma (He's a ) You can change the future a lot, see? You can even make Jewish Nazis If it's in your imagination, it can be your civilization
game-hours: 2.2
review: 9/10. Play with a friend and u haev time of your life. not a 10 because it takes time to adjust, u dont just start playing and become a master
game-hours: 603.4
review: BEST GAME BEST GAME!! 10 OUT OF 10 100% KOOL!!
game-hours: 95.9
review: Great game
game-hours: 172.6
review: Seriously, hi is one of the best games I've ever played. There's amassive world, aninfinite amount of possibilities for playhrough, and a great community in the Steam Workshop. Especially great with the Gods and Kings + Brave New World DLC. Also, really appreciated the Mta Nui map mo. Brought back some memories.
game-hours: 13.0
review: Choose a world leader. Create a civilization. Make cities, name them, improve them. Conquer other lands. Choose your government. Immortal Communist George Washington. Great Merchant Steve Jobs, born in 1576 to Japan. A+
game-hours: 84.4
review: So Much Fun
game-hours: 55.3
review: If you haven't had an erection yet, you will know.
game-hours: 174.2
review: This game will suck the life out of you; very addictive, very well made. And if you have a moster rig as i do you will enjoy it even more.
game-hours: 54.9
review: Best Game Ever 10/10
game-hours: 393.8
review: oh HAI!!!! I LOVE this game. probably one of the best games I've played. There's a few things from civ 4 that I would put back in... and the expansion is fantastic as well. pick this up if you enjoy strategy, but keep in mind that 1 game can last up to 8 hours if you survive the early to mid game :) I give it 4.5 Meow's out of 5. Wtf does that mean? who knows.....
game-hours: 29.7
review: THIS IS AN OVERGLORIFIED BOARD GAME.
game-hours: 202.8
review: This is the biggest time destroying game ever created. There is no way to have a quick game in CIV, to really enjoy it you have to start from ancient,you have to be playing agains friends and you must kill Gandhi! 10/10 i love this game and i havent even wasted many hours on enough civs yet.
game-hours: 137.6
review: Pretty good. Make sure you pick up all the expansions are you're missing out.
game-hours: 15.6
review: Far too much fun. Basically has all the buildy up games you loved as a child and then combines them all into one huge sploof of awesomeness :D
game-hours: 85.8
review: Ahh Civ. Time Vampire Extraordinaire... Not much to say about the fifth installment if you already know the series other than: a) get both expansions, they add largely essential systems into the game (religion, tourism etc) You can usually pick them up in a sale somewhere for pretty cheap now. And b) picture the scene...'Its 4am, the curtains are still open...it must be getting light soon. The birds are chirping in the trees. You haven't moved in the last 8 hours, those chores you were going to do, yeah, umm maybe tomorrow...you should probably think about going to bed, but.... EAT MY NUKES GHANDI!!.' Yep. That still happens, so 10/10. Daylight, exercise, proper diet, sleep patterns, they're so overrated anyway.
game-hours: 314.8
review: I'll be back to finish this review after my next turn...
game-hours: 305.8
review: As a complete noob to the Civ series I got this as a throw in for pre-ordering Xcom enemy unknown, and was surprised to find I spent probably as many hours in Civ as I did in Xcom, a great game if you've got the time (and lots of it)!
game-hours: 142.1
review: Civilization V is really the gem of the entire Civilzation franchise i mean you can totally see the far reaches this game is going for and it's worth every single penny and worth your time
game-hours: 112.3
review: This game makes even the most unlikely leaders to become warlords, including capitalists.
game-hours: 208.1
review: Have sank many hours into this game - a rich world and complex strategy game. Flaws: multiple playthroughs can be repetitive. AI Civilizations are often unpredictable, often declaring war on yours for no tangible reason, despite previous cooperation. I am told that the DLC packs go some way to fixing this.
game-hours: 26.9
review: I have Been playing this game wiht my frined and it is alot of fun. It is best when you play with your frineds for along time. As you play the game just keeps getting better.
game-hours: 246.3
review: Starting the game up saying to yourself gonna play for 1 hour. 25 hours later oh this hour went by quickly.
game-hours: 590.6
review: Pros: It's fun Cons: You're life is over
game-hours: 36.2
review: J-JUST ONE MORE TURN. I SWEAR!
game-hours: 61.3
review: Amazing!
game-hours: 264.0
review: Turns me on :)!
game-hours: 6.5
review: It's awesome and enjoyable. Like it so much.
game-hours: 1034.7
review: Venice took my capital.
game-hours: 470.7
review: Why does this game have to be called "Sid Meier's Civilization V"? Is there a "Sid Hoffman's Civilization V" I might otherwise get it confused with? Perhaps a "Sid Frenchman's Civilization V"? I checked and didn't find anything like that. In fact I can hardly find any video game where the guy who made was so arrogant that they have to put their own name in the title. As the first thing too, it wouldn't even be good enough to call it "Civilization V by Sid Meier's" apparently, so that it could at least be under C in my steam library where it should be. Seriously what's with this guy. Every time I see the loading screen and have to stare at his name for 80 seconds while the game loads, and I imagine this loud guy making an  of himself in public, like he'll get in his car and shout "THIS IS SID MEIER'S CAR!" and go to a restaurant and order "I WANT SID MEIER'S CHICKEN!", and go the store and shout every time the cashier rings up an item "THAT'S SID MEIER'S WRENCH. THAT'S SID MEIER'S BIKE. THAT'S SID MEIER'S PACK OF SID MEIER'S GUM. SID MEIER'S SID MEIER'S SID MEIER'S SID MEIER'S SID MEIER'S... SID MEIER'S!!". Oh, I guess the actual game is fun, so I recommend it. Only the "Civilization V" part of the title though, not the "Sid Meier's" part,  that guy, he sounds like an .
game-hours: 124.0
review: This game is amazing. Even though it has been out for a few years, Civilization V is becoming one of my favorite strategy games on steam
game-hours: 99.9
review: Simple, and addicting when you play with a friend or friends. Singleplayer isn't that good though.
game-hours: 214.2
review: Great game worth your money but you need the dlc. I have spent almost 200 hours playing and it is still fun.
game-hours: 118.4
review: ONE OF MY FAVORITE GAMES EVER I could play this games for hundreds of hours and never get bored, especially if i'm playing with a friend. Highly reccomend 11/10
game-hours: 24.7
review: Soo good game! You just have to own it, if you like good strategy games! :)
game-hours: 247.7
review: Buy this as a gift for someone who's life you wish to ruin.
game-hours: 41.5
review: Great game, good play and cool incorporated histoy.
game-hours: 89.8
review: This game is amazing. 11/10. Don't let Ghandi trick you with his smiles and peace talks. The bugger will nuke you once he gets atom bombs. I took him out first >:)
game-hours: 6.1
review: Never played any Sid Meier's Civilization before but this one looked fun so bought the complete pack cause saving $99 on it. 4 Hours of gameplay yet and still don't have any idea what's going on but I can feel the incredible fun. 11/10.
game-hours: 355.6
review: This Game along with Civ IV, has taken hudnreds of my gaming hours. If you like strategy games, and dont mind long games, try this game out. Now be warned, if you plan on buying Civ V, BUY THE TWO EXPANSIONS! They add MUCH needed mechanics that the devs forgot to put in Civ V (unfortunately). But once you add the xpacks, this game will take many hours form you too! The game revolves around taking a control of a civilization (from nations like Ashurbanipal of Assyria all the way to Napoleon of France) and, beginning at 4000 BC, you lead it all the way to the future age. You build, expand, and develop cities, and create alternate histories where the Americans built the pyramids. I recommend this game to anyone willing to spend countless hours, but it is defiitely worth it!
game-hours: 364.4
review: Give history the finger and conquer the world with Ghandi, or get voted as worldleader while player as Gengis Khan. Civ is the only place where Ceasar, Washington, Ramessess and Napoleon are bombing each other with nukes. Warning: this game is REALLY addicting.
game-hours: 207.7
review: Blows all other turn-based strategy games out of the water, except of course XCOM, which was deveoped by the same people. Firaxis seriously knows what they are doing with their strategy games. The only beef I have is that if you want the full experience you have to buy Gods & Kings and Brave New World. They add a lot to the game, and they are worth the money you are paying.
game-hours: 230.7
review: An excellent addition to the Civ series, streamlines a lot of micromanaging, uses hexes instead of squares, and has a totally overhauled (for Civ) and awesome combat system. Not quite up to Alpha Centauri levels of greatness, but superb nevertheless. On balance, better than Civ IV (I say this as a former Civ IV addict).
game-hours: 27.7
review: civilization is like the best. its so relaxing to just have it your own pace and i am only writing this because is have too
game-hours: 459.9
review: Favorite game of all-time.
game-hours: 562.1
review: This game has so many ways to play it's ridiculous. You can play as a Warmongering America, or you can play as a Cultural Germany, or a Scientific Iroquois. The game is easy to pick up if you put a little time into it. The game runs clean and smooth on nearly everythng and for a over the top strategy game it's awfully pretty too. Multiplayer games can get very intense if you've a friend who has this game. Great for LAN parties because anything can happen. 9.5/10, only problem is it can get a bit gltchy in multiplayer with loading, but only Vanilla Civ V has this problem. Definitely recommend getting the DLCs when they go on sale.
game-hours: 22.1
review: Atilla the Hun can suck my bazoola. 21/10
game-hours: 19.1
review: 10/10 *thumbs up*
game-hours: 161.7
review: One of the best stratagie games ever made!
game-hours: 1475.9
review: Greatest game known to man. Period. I'll cut anyone who says different.
game-hours: 437.4
review: Nice game, it will let you to understand real historical actions (wars, coups etc.) and you will have a great time, especially playing with friends :)
game-hours: 73.6
review: great game
game-hours: 159.3
review: This is a great game. It is interactive, and has historic educational value. The multiplayer feature would be great, iif it didn't have so many server connectivity issues. This is a hard game to describe, you need to play it to believe it. This game is awesome.
game-hours: 52.3
review: Safe
game-hours: 208.2
review: It's fun.....BUT ONLY WITH BRAVE NEW WORLD!!!!!
game-hours: 1186.4
review: Different than civ 4, but not necessarily in bad ways. Great way to sink a couple hundred hours though >.>
game-hours: 46.3
review: Buy this game. Buy it. If you have freetime buy it. If you are a busy person with a important job buy it, and let it ruin your life. This game is not for the filthy casuals. If you are a filthy casual then I give you a warning. THIS GAME WILL CHANGE YOUR LIFE.
game-hours: 373.9
review: Love Civ too much!!!
game-hours: 474.9
review: Vanilla Civ V is good; Civ V with the expansions is great. Whenever I start to get bored with this game, I just install new mods, and it's fun again.
game-hours: 172.8
review: This game is as good as butter on toast 10/10
game-hours: 56.5
review: I like having all world. Nice game.
game-hours: 192.1
review: One does not simply walk in Gandi's boarders.
game-hours: 351.1
review: Civ 5 - the only game when you can play as Socialist Realist Russians against your stubborn Muslim neighbors who won't open borders because they hate buying your blue jeans, so you tell them to "tear down this wall" by declaring war, sending Hero of the People rock stars on tour, spreading your ideology, and influencing them with a cultural revolution to win without ever firing a shot. 10/10 - would civilize again... except it goes up to 11.
game-hours: 25.8
review: Bought it about a week ago,can't stop playing.BTW,damn u Ghandi!
game-hours: 553.9
review: To be honest, this is one of my all-time favorite games. Many mechanics are different than Civ 4, so do your research first. In my opinion, they are all for the better. For example, cities can actually attack units. Furthermore, you can no longer stack units. Civ V now uses hexes for movement instead of squares. Both of the expansions change the game in several ways. Gods and Kings adds religion and the ever-so-fun espionage. Brave New World adds "ideologies" (which can become powerful enough that you can convert cities to your empire), revamped-diplomacy, revamped trade, and encourages working with other civs (not that you have to). The base game itself is fantastic, and each add-on only makes it better.
game-hours: 48.6
review: I like it...
game-hours: 263.0
review: You need to understand that when I "recommend" this game, I do it as one "recommends" heroin. Don't let the hours logged fool you, I have another 150 offline at the bare minimum. This is one of those games where you don't stop playing once you've started, the turns are so deliberate, one miscalculation can cost you anything in this tense, albeit slow-paced game. This game can ruin your life if you let it, but it fills that gaping hole in your heart that the death of board games like Risk has left.
game-hours: 1104.2
review: An undeniably good game. Best thirty bucks I ever spent! Historical reality coupled with endless map scenerios, complex and varying AI, and remarkable strategy for the playor in both military and domestic and foreighn play makes this game headline right into my favorites category.
game-hours: 639.3
review: It is probably one of my favorite games EVER!!! So, with the mods, I can just about do anything with this. This game is super fun, eventhough i play on the easy mode. I love the game b/c of the wonders. I'm a wonder-freak, so this game provides it. The graphics and game-style make it to the point that it isnt the regular boring turn-based game. This game ROCKS!!! 9.99/10
game-hours: 43.1
review: Are you prepared to use Ghandi as your instrument of war against the Genghis Khan and his ally, George Washington, in a race for nuclear weapons? This is a game you play if you have a full month to kill. It's a game where you start at 7pm and then stop playing at 8am because you have to go to work. This is the definition of video game crack.
game-hours: 128.9
review: Before anyone es about the multiplayer, it is not broken. Most people say it's loading screen simulator, but maybe if your computer or internet wasn't complete  it would work. I have flawlessly played multiplayer, to the point of where most of my time is multiplayer. It's not broken for trading anymore, they finally patched a bug where you could offer a counter offer to a trade and accept it yourself. If you did that, you could take everything they own except their capital. Now that that is patched playing with random people other then your friends is okay because they can't steal everything anymore. Singleplayer is fun as well, but then you have the ghandi, the hypocrtical . Other then ghandi, singleplayer is fun so you don't even need to play a game with random people or your friends. So no matter what, you can play this amazing game with no problems with or without friends. So after reading this entire review, what are you doing? BUY THE DAMN GAME ALREADY.
game-hours: 7.9
review: great...
game-hours: 70.9
review: I thnik this is one of the most addicting and fun games
game-hours: 125.7
review: BEST GAME EVER !!!.I wish there was a scenario maker
game-hours: 113.2
review: A limitless gaming time. So many possibilities and having fun online or single player(Or LAN). One of the best games in that category!
game-hours: 90.8
review: A very good game to spend time, along with friends or with mods will accompany you through many hours and longer. Personally recommend everyone to try it~~
game-hours: 126.8
review: This game is addicting. When I start I cannot stop. I've been playing Sid Meier's Civilization series since forever and I loved every single one of them. The only flaw imo is the multiplayer. People always leave. I hate that. Anyway 10/10
game-hours: 333.0
review: The game is good with Brave New World. Complete edition is recommended.
game-hours: 43.7
review: very fun 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 196.9
review: While many say its much simpler than Civ 4, that doesn't stop it being an absolutley amazing game.
game-hours: 592.3
review: In my opinion, Civ V with the latest DLC's is the best Civ to date. Exceptional re-playability, trophies, entertainment and balance. Of course it has been around long enough to hone itself to near perfection. Easily recommended for any 4X gamer who somehow has never heard of Civ or Sid Meier.
game-hours: 12.7
review: I love this game, and reccomend it to anyone who is a fan of strategy, 9.5/10
game-hours: 12.9
review: When you play lan battles with friends, DO NOT GO TO THE BATHROOM. Somehow, like magic, almost all of my cities and gold and almost everything somehow came under his control. He claims it was the AI that took my stuff. Still hate Gandhi. 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000/10 would reccomend
game-hours: 156.6
review: If you're planning on going outside ever again, you might want to skip this one.
game-hours: 3494.9
review: Best computer game
game-hours: 347.9
review: Playing peacefully the entire game. Becoming a highly technological civilization. Gets invaded by a foreign country. Defends borders agaisnt the invaders. Gets condemned by the world for being a warmongerer. World COngress embargoes me. Builds nukes. Takes over the world. 11/10 Would take over the world cause I was bullied again
game-hours: 263.7
review: Yes
game-hours: 44.2
review: I'm not gonna' lie, games like this I don't really enjoy. But this is something else. It can look quite confusing to begin with however from the guidence of a few friends I was running my own empire, founding new cities and creating a religion. Under my control Japan was ruling the world. And I was loving it to say the least. The multiplayer works slightly differently but with a few friends it's still great fun! Overall and amazing game. And I can't really complain when I got the full game plus all the DLC for only 8.99!
game-hours: 45.1
review: Buy this game if you want to kill any chances of ever having a social life again. 10/10
game-hours: 340.9
review: Civ V, is just amazing. I suggest buying it, coz its just so much fun.
game-hours: 228.9
review: Buy it ! NOW NECKBEARDS!
game-hours: 363.6
review: This is probably the best strategy based game i have ever played , i have played civilization since civ 2 , and i can personaly tell you that this game is incredible . It requires skill , while still being a game for casual/ easy going players. The dlc are fantastic and are among the greatest i have ever played . Over all it is a well crafted master piece that is a must buy for any gamer looking for a game to test his skills of leadership. over all 10/10 .
game-hours: 287.7
review: Played on deity. Montezuma spawns right next to me. Invades me and destroys me in 1 turns 10/10 would watch the destruction of my civ again.
game-hours: 75.0
review: Superbly handled turn based game that spans throughout the ages. Perfectly balanced and requires someone actually thinking about the game to succeed. Easy to understand, but hard to master. It's great seeing how far your civ can come, starting from the very beginning with just farms, to the end with spaceships, giant death robots and nukes. This is how a game of the world should be presented.
game-hours: 384.3
review: You see, I've owned this game for the past couple months. But only in this past week or so I started playing, and let me tell you it is nothing short of addictting.
game-hours: 282.5
review: My first game, I found 2 Ais the names of these are Gandhi and Atila the Hun. We traded and made strong friendships with each other. 20 turns later I saw Gandhi had some Giant Death Robots near my border all of a sudden I noticed Atila had some submarines with Nuclear Missiles. In the blink of an eye my people in my capital were screaming and my empire was on fire and I lost my only friends. 10/10 When I see Gandhi or Atila in my games I now rethink my life, quit civ and start crying
game-hours: 749.8
review: good
game-hours: 140.9
review: Warning: More addictive than your favorite designer drug.
game-hours: 771.8
review: ....One.....More....Turn..... (4 hours later) ....One.....More....Turn..... (3 in the morning) it Gandi f*cking nukes?!?! *gets off and goes to bed* *can't sleep* *gets back on* (4 hours later) ....One.....More....Turn..... 42/10 would f*ck literally left my girlfriend to play this game
game-hours: 351.8
review: It's ok, played it a couple times
game-hours: 59.4
review: I built an empire off oranges. 12/10
game-hours: 610.8
review: There was a time when I would go out with friends and we'd talk about our favorite things and fun experiences we've had and just have a good time. We'd all see each other at school and still be able to balance having fun with getting an education. I would come home after a long day at school to my family and we'd talk about things that happened and we'd all laugh and enjoy ourselves. After, I would go to work where I loved and see all my colleagues who were all so interesting and enjoyable. Then I'd clock out and go home elated, only to be able to go to sleep and do it all again. There was a time. Screw all that! Now all I need is civ. This game is a must play for any one who likes the concept of building an empire from scratch. It is very fun in the sense that many real-world situations and dialogues are given to you as the leader of your mighty nation. The game is also very informative by using factual information and historical units/buildings as well as relevent unique abilities to real civilizations (alive or extinct). This game is all about balancing your empire, as you must make sure you can keep up with science, culture, wealth, and happiness. The DLC for the game has added the ability to found religions, to participate in the world congress (similar to the UN), and to adopt idiologies (which translate roughly to modern-day democracy, communism, and facism/totalitarianism). The game is realistic in including city states that can be allied with or threatened for wealth, the trading of goods or services (asking to declare war on nation/asking for votes in world congress), and the rise of rebels in an empire if it grows too unhappy. This games is great, but it does have some minor flaws. The denouncing system in the game was adjusted a bit with an update, but it still is a tad off. Late game civs will often denounce you for no observable reason, which in a sense does add to the unpredictability of other leaders. Building wonders is a struggle, and if someone builds one that you were currently building you get a minor gold compensation that doesn't account for the production you've lost in a city. Some victory conditions are very hard to achieve as well (such as diplomatic or cultural) if one civ is dominant, but no one will want to weaken them as they will just look like warmongers. It's hard to make friends and keep them when ideologies and the world congress are formed, and plunges the game into a more chaotic state. However the game is extremely well made and provides hours and hours of excitement, and each game played is different than the one before. The workshop allows for endless scenarios and civilizations to use, as well as improvements that the game developers may have overlooked. Overall, I reccomend this game to those who love games such as Rome: Total War, Empire Earth, Rise of Nations etc. Fair warning: this game may take up almost all of your time. 9/10.
game-hours: 772.7
review: This is the game I play the most, nuff said.
game-hours: 31.7
review: You start out trying to be nice to everyone, as they all offer you  deals and denounce you for no reason. As you get further and further ahead, eventually someone declares war and you, having had quite enough of their , bomb them back into the stone age. Then they offer you horses if you'll stop murdering them, while in the midst of the Modern Age. You seize one little capital, and suddenly everyone in the world hates you for 'warmongering'. So you decide to live up to their expectations and conquer the world. Such is life in Civ V. - Anonymous, of FJ
game-hours: 124.8
review: Iz teh shiz. Das it. Also. To quote the great Arin "Egoraptor" : TEN ATTA TEN
game-hours: 90.9
review: Japan is of win
game-hours: 42.7
review: Its an amazing game
game-hours: 178.5
review: If you're going to buy this, be ready to buy expansion packs. If not, don't.
game-hours: 221.4
review: I am an avid player of strategy games like Age of Mythology and Age of Empires, but when I saw this game I thought I wouldn't like it, but I changed my mind quickly after I got it. The gameplay is great, the endless playability is amazing, the online support is fantastic and the fact that you don't have to have a 10 ping internet connection to be able to play well since it is a slow turn based game. The game comes with multiple expansion packs that add countless more hours of playtime to your account and mods are completely optional. I rarely find myself playing with mods due to the endless replayability of the game. 10/10
game-hours: 29.8
review: Its been a while since I lost myself in a game, but I found myself enjoying this so much I ended up loosing half a day without realising it. Its a super enjoyable game that I'd recommend to all, but do try the demo first if your unsure
game-hours: 143.5
review: Civilization V is like crack cocaine, you don't want to stop, but you know you have to. Once you finally stop, a friend drags you back in and then you're stuck. It's literally and endless cycle of joy and shame. I can't stop. I won't stop.
game-hours: 44.6
review: Amazing strategy game, nothing bad to say realy however you need alot of spare time to complete a game.
game-hours: 355.1
review: This is Civilisation! Intitally I couldnt get into the Hex grid which was a departure from the earlier games. However after a while I barely noticed it. The expansions have only added to this. If you haven't played this by now and it is your type of game then you need to own this. (And what is wrong with you?) Get it at any price.
game-hours: 483.8
review: Lost many hours of my life to this game. Its pretty awesome
game-hours: 76.2
review: throw your money at this
game-hours: 87.9
review: love this game. I can sit and play it for hours and by the end I am just sitting there going, "just one more turn". You can play it how you want to, whether your just minding yourself furthering your kingdom, or going to all out war and destroying your opposition. Great to play with friends!
game-hours: 113.4
review: I have always been a fan of the Civilization series. I have to admit that I was nervous to try Civ V, considering the all new hex grid and no unit stacking. Once I played the complete edition, with all of the DLC and Expansions, I was hooked!! this game is well rounded, and every game is just as fun as the first!
game-hours: 97.7
review: You can play this game for hours at a time. Honestly you lose track of time as you head right through the game into the modern era. 66 hours is a lot if you ask me and thats how long you can spend time playing this game. They did a great job with the game. My only complaint is the automatic camera movement. It can get annoying at times and you might accidentally move your unit to the wrong spot because of it. Other than that is an overall great game and i reccommend it to everyone who loves turn based strategy games.
game-hours: 33.2
review: Fun strategy game, I would recommend it for anyone who likes tactics or strategy. Very confusing to understand at first but you slowly adapt to the game the more you play, maybe reading or getting help about the game would help you. Still trying to understand the game more and I'm so far enjoying the game. And playing together with your friends is probably the most fun part about the game in my opinion. 9/10
game-hours: 401.5
review: This is A GREAT GAME. However, this game is best with the Brave New World DLC, so it is best to buy it after you get the game. How ever, it is best to buy a total war game instead, but NOT TOTAL WAR: ROME II!
game-hours: 552.4
review: I'll admit, I'm someone who is horrible at startergy, I usually dislike the whole genre and 4X. But this game is Bloody amazing, I enjoyed this so freaking much. At first this game needs breaking into, getting used to, but once you do, it's one hell of an experience, it's just so much fun, I spent literally entire days playing this straight. There is no story, you forge that pretty much with choosing your civilization, once you do that, you can select the map, the time and all these other details are what makes your experience far better. Graphics are nice and doesn't need to be strong because the gameplay, the sound, the details and makes up for it completely. Though I feel as if this game does need the expansions, so grab the complete pack because the expansions make them far better. If you are considering buying this, it's worth it, you may spend hours upon hours, like I do. The game is also easily modable through the menu so that which makes it far better
game-hours: 115.8
review: Took me a while to get use to the hex movement and the lack of stacking but this is an amazing game. By far the best 4X game I have played.
game-hours: 14.7
review: Very good turn based strategy game! For those who like to take it easy and good diplomats!
game-hours: 117.1
review: 0/10 Terrible game. Not addicting in any way.
game-hours: 116.7
review: Alright, so, I've played Civ 5 enough to do a review on it. I've played almost all of the era's, so, here it goes! When I first got Civ 5 I didn't like it. I played it for a few hours, then un-installed. About a week ago, I decided to give the game another chance, and, I was not dissapointed! Since there is so much in this game, I'm gonna break it off in sections, first off, Civ 5 is a stratagey game based on rather then a military strength empire, such as the Total War series, but an Economical Domination and Technologic advancement domition, rather then destroying your opponent with hordes of Line infantry and cannons, you can cause unrest in the nations population, by making the nations' population unhappy with the desicions of the ruler, or you can make it to where all of the City States around the nation are on your side, and you can surround the nation with small enemy states, or quite possible even advance technologicly, and crush your opponent with Next-Genereation equipment! Litteraly! The funnest part of Civ 5 is advancing Economicly and Technoligicly, I was so excited when me and my friend advanced to the American Civil War Rifle infantry, and converting old Napoleonic cannons to 20th century howitzers, but, unfortenatly, this game has SO MANY PROBLEMS. I'm gonna start by saying that if you're new to the Civ series, as I am, you will be very frustrated, learning all of the mechanics/situation mechanics, let me start by saying expanding can devistate, if not destroy you. And the bigger boom dosen't always mean the bigger advantage. Matter of fact, the units you'd think would devastate really are awful. A gatling gun does barley any damage to head-on advancing melee infantry. Crossbowmen can destroy Rifle weilding Line nfantry, and cannons/howitzers do AWFUL damage, despite the look. Also, the ammount of anger/frustration you'll get for the smallest of things, example, I was in an AWFUL cycle of, "If I get wealth, my people say "NO" and get angry, if I make me people happy, my wealth says "NO" and falls.". Also, one problem that, well, in my opninion ruins the game in some ways, is, if your people get unhappy, your units will perish in combat. My howitzers refused to kill ANYONE because of this non-sense. Pretty much, Civ 5 is an awesome, blast of a game, but has alot of flaws and problems. My final verdict is an 7/10, if they fixed the bugs, and some other problems, a 9/10 for sure.
game-hours: 342.1
review: Wow... this game, this entire franchise is simply genius! It seems like such a simple topic at first, and like so many other "dominate the world through first=person M-rated combat" games, but once you start playing, you realize that it's far more in-depth and dynamic and just plain addictive than those. Plus, it isn't rated M. That ability to bo one of the best games (in my opinion), like Minecraft, Terraria and the Zoo Tycoon franchise (All of which I love) is really a pretty herculean task in a world dominated by violence-addicted teens who would love nothing more than to lop a stranger's head off. Way to go, Sid!
game-hours: 469.1
review: I was a day 1 purcahser of vanilla Civ V. My initial imprassion was that it was a hollow game and it did not contrast well with Civ IV and Civ II. I recently picked up Civ V complete and have put quite a few hours into it, including a marathon pangea on prince with 22 civs on standard. It was a "one more turn" experience which prompted me to change my review to positive. The good: Hexes: they obsolete all previous games. Audio-visual; especialy the impressionistic art, the leaderheads, and the great works. The religion system is really good. The trade system is good. The bad: The culture system is not a dynamic as it was in Civ IV. Likewise, civics were more intuitive than policies. The Ugly: The AI cannot fight. One unit per tile. The two are linked, in my mind.
game-hours: 39.2
review: Alexander the Great? More like Alexander the Grape
game-hours: 210.9
review: You must have the DLC "Brave New World" to enjoy this game at its maximum potential. Vanilla Civ is fun but wont last for long. 9/10 overall.
game-hours: 93.3
review: Civilization 5 is a well made strategic game with very nice graphics. It is hard to understand in the beginning, but if you invest time into reading about the game then it won't take long to understand it. It is also fun, because a game is never the same and there are many ways to victory to discover. There are a lot of Characters with each their own bonuses and there are also a lot of ways to play the game. You can play it with agression and win by war or you can go the more peaceful way and try to get a science victory. The game gives great support while playing and also has it's own kind of guide book in it. The only thing people might find troubling is that this game takes a lot of your time. One small sized game can often take 6 hours, so the bigger games will definetly cost more time. One thing I personally like about this game is that it also has a lot of history in it. You get to see a lot of art works from great artists and you get to know how curtain object came in this world like the atom bomb. It also has some really nice quotes in it and even some music pieces from old musicians. I really recommend this game if you like a lot of strategy and thinking. It is not the normal 'Build your own city' kind of game, so don't go into this game with that thought. It is not like the Anno games from Ubisoft or the Setler games.
game-hours: 119.6
review: Addicting!
game-hours: 130.4
review: List of supplies needed befrore buying this game: - Have no social life - Have nothing important to do for the rest of you days - Have a very sturdy chair - Make sure you say goodbye to the Sun (whatever that is) and finally... - Have an irrational fear of the name Ghandi Now if ou have this list of supplies ready, then you may proceed in buying this game.
game-hours: 99.6
review: Very fun game. Many great features in the expansion pack, so make sure you get the whole thing if you are thinking of buying this game. The situations are fun, and multiplaayer works great. Citizen Managment can be confusing, and hard to master the best combination for specific situations and times, so dont mess with that unless you know what you are doing. Every thing else is great and easy to learn. All the leaders are great and fun to play as and against. Great game, and worth every penny.
game-hours: 1044.1
review: you have been warned, one more turn ends up becoming a few hundred more...
game-hours: 647.8
review: Got nuked by japan while playing as America...
game-hours: 682.6
review: I think my play time speaks for itself....
game-hours: 141.1
review: +Rewarding. +Infinite Replayability, +Best turn based strategy I've ever played. 10/10
game-hours: 28.0
review: Amazing game. Each new version of the game brings more and more stuff.
game-hours: 1035.2
review: To build a civilization from scratch and pace out human history is completely worth the 1033 hours I've devoted to playing this game! I fully intend to play this game for at least a thousand more hours. 10/10
game-hours: 307.9
review: I love this game, plain and simple. I got the complete Edition for $25 dollars during a Steam Sale, and damn I don't regret it. With the DLC the game has a plethora of civs to play as, along with better mechanics, and features than Vanilla Civ 5. Each Civ in the game has their own Unique Abilty, Unique Unit//Unique Building/Unique Improvement. There are 5 Victory Types: Time Based (Whoever has the most points at Turn 500), Diplomatic (Winning the World Leader vote in the UN), Cultural (Having your culture being influencial on all others), Science (Build Spaceship Parts to go populate another planet), and Domination (Take all other capital cities). Civ 5 will suck you in, especially if you like Turned Based Strategy Games already, and History. There's a large amount of Map Types to build your Civilization in, from a Fractal Earth to the Actual Globe, there's a map type for everyone. Each AI also plays differently, based on their historic counterparts (Gandhi is peaceful, The Aztecs are warmongers, etc.) so a bit of knowledge of history can help you, or you cna learn more about history by playing, pretty cool. Total reccomendation, even to people on the fence about it. Try it! See if you like it! Love it! Lose your life to it! (Also Poland Can Into Space)
game-hours: 117.8
review: I'm pretty terrible at this game apparently, but it's still a lot of fun. Just don't start playing unless you have appoximately 1 full day put aside for a campaign. It's so hard to stop playing once you start.
game-hours: 210.7
review: This game is so fun. That's all I have to say.
game-hours: 49.1
review: That 43 hours was one game. 10/10
game-hours: 111.3
review: Starting with several ways to play the game there are over a hundred different paths to go from the selection of your race's President. It's just a really good game in my opinion, a bajillion hours of entertainment can be gained from this almost never getting truly old. Just one of those games worth its price.
game-hours: 105.3
review: nice game
game-hours: 265.9
review: I've never had more fun ruining my social life.
game-hours: 8.8
review: this game is legit as  lots of strat but you gotta get the expansions
game-hours: 87.9
review: outrageously addictive
game-hours: 141.1
review: Favourite game of all time. Perfection.
game-hours: 136.2
review: good game........ruined lifes.....very good game
game-hours: 730.7
review: One of the most addicting games I have ever had the pleasure of playing. I don't know how many times I've started playing at 10pm or so and looked up at the clock to find it was 4 in the morning. So... I guess don't buy this if you really need your sleep, haha. Otherwise you totally should if you like RTS's, solo or with friends.
game-hours: 176.2
review: Attila tried to conquer my city then proced to slam his face against my wall. Did not work so he gave me a city as an apologize. 10/10 would recommend
game-hours: 102.5
review: Dont trust the huns.
game-hours: 109.1
review: Civilization V Brave New World (the latest expansion) is one of the most expertly crafted strategy games in years. In compare with the initial release, BNW pushes towards the direction of having more interaction between civs, of broadening the context for strategic decision-making. Also the culture victory is more realistic (it introduce the concept of archaeology) and also fixes the imbalance with a improved concept of tourism. Another end-game feature is the World Congress. The hosting player and the player with the most delegates can propose laws to be put to a vote. Delegates are gained by advancing in eras and by having allied city states. This really makes having lots of city states on your side beneficial. Ideology is a new end-game concept introduced in this expansion and takes your society to the next level of social development (Freedom Order or Autocracy), each one with his own tree. There are much more improvements and new mechanics in Civ V BNW, but I will let you discover them and have a lot of fun with this "just one more turn" franchise ;) This is the most fun Ive had with Civilization since Civ III Conquests.
game-hours: 193.2
review: Best game I have played in a long time! One play through and I have played for over 13 hours!
game-hours: 23.1
review: This is a must play game..it feels Quite a good..got it cheap after 4 years :P. Played it and had much fun..A 10/10 game..Even if i am not a big fan of strategy and simulation games
game-hours: 70.1
review: 1 turn until UN is finished! YES! Egypt has won a time victory! F*******************************************************************************CK
game-hours: 462.5
review: I've played CIv5 since i joined steam and played it for over 420+ hours. It was worth every second. Most DLC is worth purchasing when on sale. The actual gameplay is awesome! You can be a warmongerous, scientific, political, religous or culture based civilization, or mix of all! Plenty of civilizations and units to choose from especially in the dlc's and expansion packs. The workshop and mods for this game is one of the best in a game i have seen. A bit on the expensive side especially considering in Civ4 all of the features that were realesed as DLC for civ5 were already included in civ4. Graphics are beautiful, gameplay is fun and challenging, steam trading cards and achievments. As well as a brilliant modding community. 9.5/10
game-hours: 292.0
review: Got pillaged by barbarian attack helicopters 10/10
game-hours: 169.5
review: Gandhi sunk my battleship
game-hours: 275.5
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V is possibly one of the best stratergy games that you will ever come across. It topped all Civs before it and is even better than Beyond Earth. You could be sat there saying to yourself "Just a quick game" The next thing you know you've spent over 5 hours of your life and jumped over 200 turns. This game is a must buy!
game-hours: 129.6
review: very very fun
game-hours: 86.0
review: Definately buy the complete edition though, it's only a few dollars more and many times better than the vanilla version alone.
game-hours: 126.9
review: I haven't played a CIV game in years and this one makes it extremely easy to get back into the fold. It guides you along step by step to make it fun yet still challenging. Replayability is obviously very high as the game is different with every playthrough.
game-hours: 44.8
review: Amazing game, fun to play alone or with friends! This game should be used in teaching history.
game-hours: 43.4
review: This game is very enjoyable and a very fun game... It can be historical with the quotes and stuff at times and I was just talking to my teacher about this game how it deals of what were doing and stuff... Fantastic... You can even make the Religion of Spain 'Soccer'... I also played as America and ended up in the Middle east with Alexander the Great... Im dead... I also ended up in Canada with Britain and Germany forming a alliance... Great game, challenging AI and even works with a TOUCHSCREEN! O.M.G.! lets cross our fingers for a mobile Sid 5!
game-hours: 112.1
review: This game is great it only took me 100+ hours to beat the game the first time then at 110 total hours I beat the game in 76 turns. My life is complete.
game-hours: 93.6
review: when you first play this game if you have alot of players can last hours. this is not a bad thoguh becuase those hours will be full of fun if you like manageing citys buildings and an army. this game has replay ability but can get boring in multiplayer becuase you can be deep into a game and people will leave and it just turns into and ai match.
game-hours: 686.5
review: Not sure if should buy CoC or cs go keys
game-hours: 659.1
review: Just buy the ing game, you will not regret it.
game-hours: 45.8
review: Loved this game. Highly recomended.
game-hours: 395.1
review: I just finished my first game after playing another turn. Great game!
game-hours: 328.7
review: Your average Civ game. "Gandhi has completed the Manhattan Project!" Quit game without saving. Exit Civ 5. Exit Steam. Delete Civ 5. Delete Steam. Shut down computer. Punch the screen in. Break the computer with a hammer. Throw the computer out of the window. Burn the computer with a flamethrower. Dance on the ashes naked. Buy a plane ticket to India. Go to a missile silo. Launch a nuke. Leave India. Watch and laugh as the rest of the world pulverizes Gandhi's smug  face with nukes. Kill yourself. "Alexander has won a Diplomatic Victory!" Come back to life. Kill yourself again.
game-hours: 142.8
review: Don't trust ghandi, he will not give you cookies. 10/10
game-hours: 3.9
review: bord gam on teh complututte
game-hours: 794.3
review: Is good. Do play.
game-hours: 343.4
review: As a long time Strategy game fan, I can happily say this is my game of choice in this generations games. This is the game that sucks up most of my play time, right after Kerbal Space Program, and I can easily reccommend it to anyone trying to decide to buy it. Especially right now while it's on sale. 10/10 easy.
game-hours: 119.3
review: good game. wish i had the DLC
game-hours: 417.0
review: If you want a lax, turn based strat game with some character with a touch of empire management, look no further. Building on previous titles in the series, Civ5 comes out shining brightly. it has a lovely range of nations to choose from in the base game with plenty of addons putting more in. Furthermore, the steam workshop is partnered with the game allowing for creative mods to be made to enhance or change the game completely. The game engine itself can be run in both DX9 and DX10 so for those with slower systems, it's easier to scale down the requirements. On top of that, if you have a high end tablet (i5 CPU/Windows 8) expect to enjoy the integrated touch screen capabilities inbedded in the game. However, if I had a gripe to give, it would be how the AI doesn't scale well when it comes to difficulty and turn progression. Playing on the harder difficulties gives the AI massive early game boosts which can feel unfair at times but once the game session is half way through, player progression usually grows exponetially. I believe that this is a hard limitation to address and as such much couldn't be done. On the other hand, I've seen mods that have tweaked AI settings to balance this issue out, something to check out. Ultimately, I believe this is a great addition to the Civilization franchise and you won't be disappointed.
game-hours: 61.8
review: love it
game-hours: 139.7
review: i could write out an intricate review for civ V or the excellent brave new world expansion but i'm too busy playing civ V.
game-hours: 16.8
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V is a superb game for the strategic gaming community of Steam, involving multiple simmulations of the development of a human civilization through the passage of time with a multitude of victory's and ways to achieve them from influential leaders of humanities past to play as. From leaders such as Catherine the Russians to Napoleon the French you embark on a conquest to subdue humanity through the means of a cultural, economical, technological or domination victory.
game-hours: 59.2
review: Like previous Civ games this one has the most updates and features. Can be bought cheaply on sale, complete edition goes for about $20-25. Play with friends! Games can last the whole day... or longer.
game-hours: 221.1
review: Yea, it's okay.
game-hours: 265.0
review: Lost days in it. Playing it normally or with the DLC is great. You can't lose. It's beyond addiction.
game-hours: 675.5
review: This game is dope.
game-hours: 9.4
review: Cviliztun fiv sux, Is to slohw, I left teh gaem for an our an nothin' hapened Jk it's awesome ;)
game-hours: 4.1
review: The Pyramids were built by the Swedish people... in the ocean... Historically accurate, fun, and is addictive to play.
game-hours: 1281.1
review: Epic Turn-based strategy game. Build your civilization from anciet era to modern era. It's not just about war and battle, there are many ways to win through science, culture or diplomacy. Take a long time to finish a game, around a day but that's why it's epic.
game-hours: 10.9
review: It feels very good to decimate and obliterate the inferior civilizations that stand against your glorious reign.
game-hours: 344.7
review: SId Meier's Civilization V the current leader in the 4X strategy and with good reason, it is extremely simple to get at least a basic grasp on without paying too much attention to the more 'hardcore' aspects of it by managing resources and cities much more deeply, which are there for those who like more of a challenge. Civ V also features prominant civilizations (who knew?) through time and mixing these all together makes a very compelling experiences where you can mould your own countries' history into something completely different to what happened in real life to this point. It is also worth mentioning that I almost always play with mods from the workshop that really add to the experience, such as my favorites being the real-world maps so I can spread my new English empire across a far more accurate world after being ever so nice to all my neighbours before taking their land away. Civ V also looks pretty nice in 3D, which is rare to come by and I doubt many have attempted it. The game runs quite easilly with the exception of turn changes so most systems should handle it and there is a very fufilling sense of awe in being able to see the details of lighthouses and birds seen in 3D. Overall, Civ V is a great experience to any history nutt or gaming strategist of any sort but make sure you get all the expansions alongside it because you'll kick yourself over your lost civilizations and features that can improve the game and overhaul your approach to it.
game-hours: 64.6
review: Stay Calm and Don't trust Ghandi Or Hiawatha You'll pay for it if you do 10/10 30 mins becomes 4 hours "Just juan more turn" you say, that becomes 2, then 5, then 10, then before you know it 100
game-hours: 144.9
review: Great with all the expansions, bland without. Its biggest flaw is how the entire bundle (what actually constitutes a complete game) is like $80.
game-hours: 652.1
review: Figured that since i have 600+ hours, I could at least write a review pointing out Civilization's flaws. No matter what I say after this, just know this is an amazing game and I fully recommend it to anyone who has at least 8 hours of time to waste this weekend. If you're a quitter, get out. THE FLAWS: - The Huns. Yep, they're a flaw. Stupid broken horse archers. - Spain (either gets OP or gets out of the game, trust me). - DLC is literally stuff from past games. Civ 3 had espionage, but you had to take it out and make me pay for it again, didn't you Firaxis. - Cities are worth too much. What I loved about Civ 3 was the ability to churn out cities pointlessly, actually make an empire. I'll admit, it got a little overwhelming late game when you had to choose production for 200 cities, including having to individually manage citizens careers. So I'm glad you guys took a step back, but jesus, someone's bound to d/c if they lose a city in this. For Civ 6, make them worth slightly less. You just overshot a little. - People without DLC can still join DLC games sometimes. When I join a game thats supposed to have ancient wonders and it doesn't, I want to throw my computer out, right onto the head of the idiot who couldn't read the game's name: ALL DLC. - The Info Era is basically inaccessible in multiplayer games starting in the ancient era. - Civ servers are awful. There's a 90% chance a game will crash if it goes on for 4+ hours, unless everyone has a decent comp. CONCLUSION: 9/10 game. That last point is taken out solely because of the huns, nothing else.
game-hours: 153.6
review: this is my meth
game-hours: 75.3
review: Never played any of the previous Civilization games, but everyone kept telling me to give Civilization V a try, so I did. At first I found it kind of confusing. A lot of things to keep an eye on, but after a couple of hours of play I'd figure it all out and I was hooked! Great game! Has provided me with many hours of great fun! Just one more turn...
game-hours: 247.6
review: EVERYONE GET IT NOW
game-hours: 9.3
review: fun game, strategic, more strategy than the plot from the illuminati for 9/11
game-hours: 316.5
review: This is great game that will suck you in and make you spend hours at a time. Brave New World heavily recommend for full experience.
game-hours: 152.8
review: One of my favorite games, never get bored of it! 10/10
game-hours: 202.0
review: Meh, I put a little bit of time in it.
game-hours: 390.0
review: Even if every atom that ever has and ever will exist could be broken down and reformed into a giant, all encompassing picture of me rolling my eyes, it would still not adequately convey the contempt I feel for this game. Jon Shafer, burn in hell.
game-hours: 642.1
review: I've spent hundreds of hours on this game and it's still extremely fun. Definitely one of the easiest strategy games to get into but there is still plenty to learn and get out of it. Two major downsides are that the multiplayer is unreliable and you must have all the expansion packs in order for it to be a high quality game, as vanilla is terrible.
game-hours: 76.4
review: Me like game
game-hours: 1458.3
review: Having out over 1000 hours into Civ V, if you want a good turn based strategy, this has to be the one.
game-hours: 227.9
review: Let's face it, you need to own this game
game-hours: 109.7
review: Amazing stratergy game, only real con is overexpensive DLC
game-hours: 7.8
review: Civ 5 is an amazing game and I thouroughly enjoyed taking over the world, if there are any of you who have a hunger for world domination, then this is the game for you. The graphics are brilliant and the strategy needed will quickly make you into a better player. The countries and/or factions are amzing as well.
game-hours: 897.6
review: hours of play time, high replay ability, wont get bored of it very fast, overall great game and the expansion makes it even better. highly recommend buying
game-hours: 49.7
review: U must ask? it is sid meier civilization! take my money! (tell humble bundle to do it pretty please? :) )
game-hours: 49.7
review: I want the badge for this but the game is still one of the best I've ever played. If you have hours and hours to devote to dominating or peacefully creating the best civilization ever and raising yourself to the top of the metaphorical food chain this is the game for you.
game-hours: 40.9
review: When i originally got this game i was turnned off by the turns. as i started playing i was pleasentely supprised at how much fun it turned out to be.
game-hours: 131.8
review: To start off, I feel I should issue a warning.. This game is incredibly addictive, if you have the patience for it. I personally think it's a game you either love or hate within the first few hours of play. For those of you like me who have given it a chance beyond those few hours of engaging enjoyment, you got hooked and most likely will end up investing an absolute tonne of hours into Civ 5, making it well worth the money. Civ is one of the best turn based strategy games I have played. On top of that, the extra DLC, specifically; 'Gods and Kings', and 'A Brave New World' add a fair bit to the game and I would suggest them as a good accompanying purchase. Basic breakdown of the game is; you choose your world leader/race each with unique skills that tend to fit them decently well compared to their historic counterparts. Next, you settle upon new land of your choosing, begin earning production points, science points, faith points, gold etc to make your city grow and branch out to make new cities in land further away as you discover more and more of the map you've been given. Seems simple? not quite. You have constant pokes from Barbarian's and barbarian camps, hostile countries and city states. You can try to win them over and steamroll other opponents, or try and squish each and every single city you happen to come across, the choice is really yours. A few things that really stand out for me is the fact that it allows a lot of leway for different playstyles. Something of which I utterly love. I enjoy when a game doesn't make these invisible little hallways to make sure you only walk in that and only that direction per say. It lets you freely make your own mistakes or victories. Another point I will happily give it, is that all maps are randomly generated adding even more content and depth for the game as you never know what you're going to be thrown. You could start on a map that will only give you a lot of production upfront or one that gives you a lot of gold, or maybe one that already has luxury resources, it's all up to chance. And another point it hands down warrants is for the incredible voice acting and languages, they are impeccable. Graphics for a lot of top down RTS games that I have played don't seem to leave much room for detail, Civ5 blows most if not all of the others out of the water with their attention to detail. Zooming in closer to your map and cities are a joy. And if that all weren't enough, the work put into making all the character details, histories, traits and historically accurate backgrounds for wonders and characters are remarkable. Now in saying that, this is *not* a History Simulator, do not come into this thinking it will all be 100% historically accurate. Doing so would be incredibly difficult and would in turn not make it Sid Meiers Civ due to how AI's would play. You have accurate backgrounds and info files for world wonders, natural wonders and all leaders, that's about it. AI will not react exactly like they would have back however many years. (Mind you, I only add this in here as I have actually heard a few complaints about it.) However, it's major failings lie within the AI, now if you're not constantly playing against someone in a PVP duel, you have nothing but the AI to deal with. This can be a bit of a headache as they end up with unfair advantages such as finding an abundance of luxury resources all the time no matter the difficulty. If you're just starting out on Civ, this can be a quite daunting put off, if you are a Civ veteran, you'll see even more flaws. Even within the trading system it will sometimes bug, never coming out to a fair trade or even worse not giving you anything for what you've offered. Wanting to sus out what you would get for a certain trade? Most of the time won't work, no matter how much or how little the bot can have in it's inventory. All in all though, it is an incredible game well worth it's weight in gold(See what I did there?), with how many hours you will end up investing into it.
game-hours: 79.7
review: great game :)
game-hours: 58.9
review: 12 hours a game gr8 with friends but will get mad if they take forever to end their turn 6/9
game-hours: 466.1
review: lo0ve this game!! 500 hrs enough said
game-hours: 0.3
review: I know I've sid it before but I really admeier the work put into the game
game-hours: 72.5
review: george washington built new jersy on top of my busiest road
game-hours: 51.8
review: Where do I begin, Civ V is the one of the BEST games I have ever played in my 9+ years of gaming. I love the strategy aspect and the fact that there are so many things you need to pay attention to in order to win the game other than other games being like "AHHAHA IM JUST GUNA SHOOT AND DEN I WIN HAHA". This game takes thought, intellect, and time. I HIGHLY recommend buying this game.
game-hours: 141.5
review: This game is a stagedy game and that is perfect for this game. The map scales are perfect, but the only problem is that, if you have bad wifi and play a big map with a lot of players then good luck!
game-hours: 62.8
review: this game is the best strategy game i have ever played, i truly think it is a great game to get have fun!
game-hours: 37.6
review: Great game. I love creating Robo France 9595
game-hours: 269.2
review: The obsession.....unending, unstopable, all three expansions....so addicted....help me......
game-hours: 129.7
review: A bit slow, but fun and rewarding when you get something accomplished or look back at all the progress you've made. But I speak as someone with no multiplayer experience in this game. So... yeah.
game-hours: 59.6
review: Built the Great Pyramids underwater and was then nuked by Ghandi
game-hours: 850.5
review: I played it once at a friend's house.
game-hours: 219.8
review: Long fun games. Just make sure you get all the dlc. The game is pretty useless without all dlc.
game-hours: 28.4
review: said i was gunna play for 10 minutes,ended up playing for 10 hours
game-hours: 16.0
review: My Eyes Hurt . I havent been outside for days .But my empire is happy so I got this going for me which is nice
game-hours: 212.9
review: Amazing game.
game-hours: 96.3
review: All and all a good game for anyone with time to play it of course it has a save option but it is time consuming regardless
game-hours: 549.8
review: Amazing
game-hours: 31.0
review: The quintessential 'turned based stratagy game'. At it's launch Civ5 was a bare bones shadow of it's earlier sequels. However, through the power of free updates, paid dlc, and 2 expansions, it become the best of the series. Insanely deep mechanics with a rich historcial background to enjoy. Be warned; Ghandi is not the type to your imperialistic **, he will nuke your . Absolute classic. Be sure to pick up the second expansion 'Brave New World'. It adds so much more depth to an already bloated game.Top tier Indispensible gaming title.
game-hours: 83.7
review: This, is one of the best video games, I have ever played
game-hours: 105.6
review: A fitting sequel to Civ IV. However, quite simplified and more in the vein of Civ 1 than the increasingly more complicated and intricate Civilizations. The one-unit-per-hex system, while cumbersome at first, makes combat interesting and more than simply a stack-and-drag extravaganza. Definitely worth it if you're a fan of the Civilization series.
game-hours: 219.4
review: Um...
game-hours: 542.8
review: This has to be the greatest investment I've made on Steam in the two years i've been using it. Civilization V is an amazing turn-based strategy game and although I'm not a seasoned fan of the franchise as I've only been playing this for a year, it deserves the hundreds of reccomendations it has and I'm sure that even with Beyond Earth being released Civ V will continue to be competitive throughout Steam. I have to say this is... there is no word good enough to describe this game.
game-hours: 296.2
review: Definatly one of my favorites
game-hours: 193.2
review: >Long time player >Played a game with Ethipoia and India >Turns out ethipoia doesnt care about food when both Ethipoia and Gundi both nuke you on the same turn >Good Game would get nuked by Peace leader and a starving country again 420/10
game-hours: 55.7
review: "Too hard to understand, I hate it....! How can I get my money back!" -That is what I used to say to this game. I completely change my mind this game is endless fun!
game-hours: 94.8
review: great game 10/10
game-hours: 246.9
review: Very good game. Sort of like Age of Empires but with turns
game-hours: 29.5
review: 9/10 multiplayer sucks... there should be bans for leavers.... But if you play singleplayer.... endless fun
game-hours: 162.7
review: Engagement Engrosses students with lush graphics and intense historical story lines. Gameplay is quick and yet satisfying, hooking inexperienced gamers and detailed enough to create infinite teaching moments. Learning Approach There is a deep well of in-game social studies information that easily fits in with world history classes. Transfer of game knowledge back to class content will rely on the teacher working through the game experience later with the students. Support It wasn't created with educators in mind, so it doesn't include any teacher curriculum; however, there is a devoted online community, extensive support base, and multiple difficulty levels.
game-hours: 181.4
review: One day I'll finish a game.
game-hours: 165.0
review: "I'll just play a quick game before I go to bed" "Oh look, it's 3 AM"
game-hours: 108.3
review: THIS IS THE MOST FABULOUS GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 288.1
review: I've extensively played every game in this series and this newest entry does not disappoint! The vanilla game itself is incredible with a limitless number of hours to play as every game is an entirely new experience. The number of civilizations that you can choose from (with unique units, buildings, and game changing abilities) is astonishing and the level of detail put into the variety of different victory strategies is incredible. Building your own government (by choosing which policies to put into effect) and forming and spreading your own religion is extremely entertaining to say the least as well. The multiplayer is incredible as well as the game in its entirety is used in multiplayer as well, not just parts of it as so many in-depth games seem to do. This game will never get old for me and I hope the same goes for the rest of you who will be joining me!
game-hours: 189.5
review: Spent 20 years building the Eiffel Tower, the Japanese finished it right before I did so we abandoned the project. 10/10
game-hours: 38.9
review: Best Strategy Game To Play
game-hours: 144.2
review: I think its a great strategy game! I played this for hours! I highly recommand buying this if you like strategy!
game-hours: 16.6
review: great!
game-hours: 28.7
review: I only played for a couple minutes...
game-hours: 269.7
review: Really the best strategy game, and with the expansions, my favorite in the Civilization series.
game-hours: 29.6
review: Too Awesome For Words
game-hours: 121.3
review: yes Yes YESSSSSS! THERE IS NOTHING LIKE THE SATISFACTION OF DROPPING YOUR FIRST NUKE IN THIS GAME!
game-hours: 60.9
review: Accidently Nuked My own City When I thought I was transporting it 10/10
game-hours: 63.9
review: 10/10 would get nuked by Ghandi again
game-hours: 61.0
review: Uh. You get to rule a nation, acting as the driving force to world domination. Choose your settlement, develop some resources, and  IT, I WAS LIKE ONE TURN AWAY FROM BUILDING THAT WONDER YOU PRICK!
game-hours: 277.3
review: Buy this game if you don't have a family, firends or a life. 10/10
game-hours: 342.9
review: -Started as Germany - Met Ghandi - Traden with Ghandi became friends - Ghandi expands towards my border. - Meet Russia -Meet Japan - Settle near Ghnadi's border to prevent him of spreading - Ghandi angry. - Meet America - Friends with Russia and Ghandi. - 400 turns pass - Ghandi asks me to assis him against Japan, I accept because **** Japan - We declare war with Japan. Russia joins in. We attack Japan from 3 sides - Race for the Japaneese capital - I obtain the capital with huge sacrefice and much losses. - Rebuilding once Fallen Japaneese Empire and building an army. - Build massive navy to destroy America. - War Against America with 10 missle cruisers at their door and 30 planes. - Victory against America will be soon - Ghandi attacks Russia. - Sent troops to Moskow to block it off. - Sent more troops to America. Weakend border near Ghandi. -50 turns later - Ghandi declares WAR on me. - Lost 3 cities. - Remove all troops from Russia to capital. - Russia falls is now owned by Ghandi - I Capture last American City left. *2 PLAYERS LEFT - I own (half of N. America/S. America/Half of Africa and Australia. with capital in N. America) Ghandi owns (whole asia and Europe/ half of Africa and Australia and N. America). - I kick Ghandi out of Nouth America establishing safety for my capital. - Ghandi fires 3 nukes at N. America and 3 at Africa and 1 in Australia. - I buy 20 nukes. - Fire them all in Africa and Australia. *Turn 1000* - Ghandi owns: Europe/ Asia, Australia and Half of Africa. - I own Both Americas and Half of Africa. - Africa is full of Fallout and every improvement destoyed, -Over the course of 200 turns over 50 Nuclear missiles on both sides where fired. -There were already 5 World Wars RATING: **** Ghandi 12/10 - World War 8 will end it all.
game-hours: 46.6
review: Sry cant write this review just one more turn.
game-hours: 246.7
review: Amazingly fun game. Play with family and friends on an epic long game or a quick paced game and build your Civ the way you want it. Hundreds of hours of replayability, play it dozens upon dozens of different ways. Find your favorite Civ rulers, exploit their major strengths and back up those weakness'. Build ancient, medieval and even modern wonders to boost your empires glory! Destroy your enemies or be diplomatic and take another route to victory, so many ways to win, but just playing this game is a win. 10/10
game-hours: 171.2
review: Awesome gameplay features, truly a game for the strategic mind. A easy game to play, yet difficult to master. The wide array of features and multiplayer possibilities can make one wish they could play all day. All day or for an hour every once in a while the singleplayer mode can be just as challenging and equally as entertaining. A 10 out 10 game!
game-hours: 9.0
review: Best loose track of time simulator out there. 10/10
game-hours: 974.0
review: My 2`dn favorite game (beaten by civ.4). Only thing i dislike abouth it is the limitasion of 1 unit pr tile. Easy to avoid with mods, but then ofc. you miss out on achivments. All in all : a greate TBS.
game-hours: 173.8
review: This game is as good as butter on toast 10/10
game-hours: 56.5
review: I like having all world. Nice game.
game-hours: 192.1
review: One does not simply walk in Gandi's boarders.
game-hours: 109.9
review: Great game.
game-hours: 86.2
review: A well made game. Includes tons of fun and opportunity to learn a little about historie while playing.
game-hours: 60.4
review: IT IS A VERY VERY VERY GREAT TURN BASED SRATAGY GAMES AND THE CREATORS DID A FORMIDABLE JOB ON IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
game-hours: 365.4
review: this is one of my favorite games ever. if you dont have this game something is wrong with you
game-hours: 70.3
review: Amazing
game-hours: 290.2
review: This is a pretty dense strategy game. So many things to customize, from rainfall to world age, and at least a dozen playable characters. Hours will be spent playing this game, if you like it (I'm sure you will).
game-hours: 196.4
review: I've really enjoyed playing CIV, as always. I think it still could have been much better. I'd recommend purchasing the game when its on offer! I've played a lot of it and after a few very long games now, I've began to become bored of it. But its still recommended, especially if you have friends to play with!
game-hours: 30.7
review: As Mayan I discovered a war between Poland and USA in the same continent. Finally Japan conquered the continent but I won by cultural victory with Mayan rock and rollers 10/10
game-hours: 193.5
review: -Played as Japan in Earth map -Spawned in China -So close
game-hours: 34.3
review: Robert E. Lee spawned as a Great Person for Korea. 10/10 would question my history degree again.
game-hours: 97.0
review: My Favorite Strategy Game/ Favori stratej oyunum
game-hours: 284.1
review: Wooow david is bad at this which makes it fun for easy wins? 11/10 its ok
game-hours: 211.8
review: Ok thought i would finally do this reveiw of Civ 5, after much belly acheing on my part and out right refusal to play Civ in anyway shape or form i must say that i now have the hang of this game so now i can add that it's not that bad to play, graphics are very pleaseing to the eye interfaceing is also easy to get a handle on it. So i give this game a solid 8 out of 10 if you ever get a chance to get it for a decent price go for it.
game-hours: 23.0
review: Autentico Juegazo Me ha sorprendido bastante para jugar con amigos esta genial. De los pocos juegos por turnos que se me hace corto
game-hours: 49.7
review: This game is good.
game-hours: 20.1
review: Kiss your life goodbye, this game is great....if yo have played any Civ games before you know how awesome they are. Civ 5 does not let you down. Endless amounts of fun, playing with your friends online is awesome as well! who doesn't wanna take over the world? backstab your allies to dominate the world!
game-hours: 65.1
review: One of the funnest games I have ever Played, easy, relaxing, and I get so caught up in it I loose myself.
game-hours: 127.3
review: Very Good Game
game-hours: 279.9
review: Made every world leader hate me and my people as I marauded their lands. I eventually killed all of them and subjegated their civilians. I am the immortal ruler of the world. In fact, I've renamed Earth: "Japan". 11/10, would enslave the planet again.
game-hours: 455.6
review: For years I ran a hobby club in my son's School focusing on Civ III. Civ V is the extension of that franchise, and they have wisely adopted the hex format for their maps. A livelong strategic game enthusiast who has designed my own games based upon the US Civil War, I find that the Civ V developers are making the effort -- and succeeding -- at delivering a peerless strategic gaming experience. Onward! Vinceremos!
game-hours: 20.2
review: A fantastic strategy game which is extremely addicting. Where you lead a civilization from prehistoric times into the future! You can play on your own or with friends. If you get bored of the game you can purchase some dlcs to make your experience even better. A must buy for anyone who loves strategy games.
game-hours: 95.7
review: More addictive than cocaine. 10/10 Would press next turn button again!
game-hours: 14.3
review: Dis game's bananas.
game-hours: 479.6
review: If your the type of gamer thats into slow-pace, turn based, strategy games, then I would recommend giving this game a try. It's full of suprises and fun packed battles that will keep you coming back for more.
game-hours: 766.4
review: yes yes awsome
game-hours: 15.9
review: This game manages to make running a nation really fun by making it really streamlined and well organized. You can be the power-crazed warmonger who rushes nukes in the technology tree, or the peaceful type who just wants to get the highest amount of gold without getting in anyone else's way.
game-hours: 89.4
review: This is the type of game that you will start playing one afternoon and don't notice how long you've been playing until the sun rises the next morning.
game-hours: 146.8
review: one of the best strategy games ever, really fun especially with friends get ready to give all your free time to this game because its really addicting
game-hours: 2.8
review: u must have this game in ur steam account
game-hours: 340.8
review: This game is probably the BEST turn based strategy game of all time. Civ 5 has so many victory options and so much replayability. (Though military domination is the most fun in my opinion) There are also many great mods for Civ 5. If purchased i definitely reccommend starting on warlord/ chieftain difficulty to get your bearings.
game-hours: 19.8
review: I started playing to see what it was. When I saw what time it was, I had suddenly played it for 6 hours straight. Amazing.
game-hours: 50.0
review: You'll make the choice to play for a single hour, then before you know it five days had past and your girlfriend left you, but you're on the brink of killing Ghandi is doesn't even matter.
game-hours: 184.7
review: This Game is a total Riot with friends, and when you start learning what you're doing it goes up another notch
game-hours: 71.1
review: WOOOOOOOOOOOO good game
game-hours: 17.4
review: I started Facism in America while Germany was practicing Democracy. 97% will approve.
game-hours: 220.5
review: If you want to rule the world,and raise your empire this game is for you
game-hours: 71.0
review: You either die a hero or you live long enough to see yourself become the Ghandi
game-hours: 45.7
review: Super fun war game. Playing with friend is the best way to play this game. But is still reccomendable on single player. Build up cities upon cities of foundation on your civilisation and watch is thrive or be destroyed be superior forces. Great game. Only problem is tabbing out is super laggy and also the steam sever's are of poor qualty on this game, Would reccomend creating own server. 9/10
game-hours: 3.6
review: Fun for hours!
game-hours: 20.6
review: This is the perfect game when you feel like, changing history. Me myself, I've been a fan of history since childhood and never once, in my life, that I ever think about changing it. After this game arrived, history turned upside-down and inside-out. Japan atom-bombed America, England liberated from Indian colonialists, Germany won WW1, and Russia is in Africa. Best history-bound, turn-based strategy game ever. 10/10
game-hours: 1069.0
review: Having played over 1000 hours on the game since I got it in June 2013, I have decided to write a review. This game is great game. It is slow paced but fun. This game will not be a game that you play for a hours because a game can be over 2 hours+ long because this game is adicting. When you play a game for over 26 hours straight you should know what an adicting game is. And this game's theme is great and it is a key feature in the game, its nice and calm in peace tome but in war, it is loud and....EPIC! The theme alone will keep you playing this game. This game has one flaw... its way to fun and going away from it is hard. This game is such an improvment over Civ 4 and is one that I play with respect and pride. If you get this game...good luck going away from it for times more than a month.
game-hours: 464.5
review: Just the best, nothing more
game-hours: 6.9
review: "One more turn."
game-hours: 111.5
review: Buy the expansion packs. Civ 5 vanilla is okay, but the Expansion packs (Gods & Kings, Brave New World) make this game as amazing as it should have been at launch.
game-hours: 81.6
review: Awesome game. First skirmish was 24 hours of playtime, and I enjoyed every minute.
game-hours: 102.2
review: It's Civ. Is there anything else I really need to say?
game-hours: 19.0
review: This is a fantastic game, I love games with a variety of routes you can take, which is exactly what this is. You could try to establish trade with other nations or just decimate them and take their land. However, at least on my computer, I find that when loading saved games, the game sometimes becomes riddled with graphical glitches. For example, I will load up a game and within a few turns, the map and all outlines in the game start flashing on and off. For me, this eventually leads to a crash in the game. I'm not sure if that's me, my computer, or the game. It's still a great game though.
game-hours: 470.7
review: Ok so i have a few hours on this game and I can say this game is one of the best ones out there on steam. the gameplay is endless , you can choose from countless of leaders and play on all diferent kinds of maps. the comunity is great with hundred upon hundreds of mods and something new every week. I mean what game will you find where you can pit the Aztecs the Dutch and the Zulus against eachother. the multiplayer is also very fun if you can mangage to get some of your freinds together it is very fun to play with. even if Beyond Earth was recently released this game is worth getting for sure. i'd like to conclude with a quote from Thomas Jefferson. "Civ 5 is an all around gaming experience also someone rescue me from this guys cave, help" - Thomas Jefferson, March 29th 2015 10/10
game-hours: 67.1
review: If you like Civilizations, and the roman numural V, then I STRONGLY recomend this game!
game-hours: 19.7
review: I really recommend this game it is just so good. But make sure you get the dlc it turns it into a whole nother game.. Grayson my friend doesnt own it and he wont buy it cause hes a dumbass with aids but its okay he doesnt know what hes missing just make sure you get it!!!!!
game-hours: 25.8
review: It is one of the most addictive, entertaining games I have ever played
game-hours: 96.3
review: I spent 11 hours playing the tutorial. I don't regret it.
game-hours: 43.6
review: Stockholm is now the capital of Libya Denmark is located on the Ivory Coast Sydney is in Iran Gandhi has nuclear weapons The swedish king says "Gott mit uns" Yes. 16/10
game-hours: 38.4
review: Civilization V is a wonderful game. It has many improvements over Civ IV and was hard to get used to after just playing the later version but once i did the improvements were obvious. I like the additions of the City States and the tutorial is very helpful. I highly recommend this game.
game-hours: 247.8
review: With almost 130 hours on record and I haven't experienced a crash/bug. And if I have, it's been minor. I can't believe that's impressive to me, but considering the amount of games rushed out the past few years filled with bugs and crashes, this game is a godsend. With that said, it's a good game. -Tons of civ to choose from, although you're limited to one leader now. -Spying is stronger, but simpler. -There's tons of options to mess with, things seemed to have been balanced well. -Victory conditions are also pretty cool. I usually do conquest, but if I get bored with that, I can move onto other things.
game-hours: 479.6
review: If your the type of gamer thats into slow-pace, turn based, strategy games, then I would recommend giving this game a try. It's full of suprises and fun packed battles that will keep you coming back for more.
game-hours: 766.4
review: yes yes awsome
game-hours: 15.9
review: This game manages to make running a nation really fun by making it really streamlined and well organized. You can be the power-crazed warmonger who rushes nukes in the technology tree, or the peaceful type who just wants to get the highest amount of gold without getting in anyone else's way.
game-hours: 89.4
review: This is the type of game that you will start playing one afternoon and don't notice how long you've been playing until the sun rises the next morning.
game-hours: 146.8
review: one of the best strategy games ever, really fun especially with friends get ready to give all your free time to this game because its really addicting
game-hours: 1989.4
review: Love this game, thousands of hours played, definitive 4X game...Must have for any PC Gamer!
game-hours: 285.0
review: Awesome game!
game-hours: 84.5
review: It shouldn't even be a question. If you haven't already bought Civ V than do it now.
game-hours: 647.3
review: this is the best game i have ever played
game-hours: 32.3
review: Don't like strategy games, LOVE this one. Great game, even for newbies in the strategy genre. Really good fun with friends, shame the loading screens take a little while, but it is all worth it to play a relaxing game of civ with mates.
game-hours: 190.4
review: Best. PC Game. Ever
game-hours: 738.8
review: Played it for a bit, it's alright.
game-hours: 110.2
review: This game is great I have played over 100 hours and loved every second. You can Settle, Trade, Fight, Make alliances, Make Enemies, Get ing owned by barbarians, and build nukes. 10/10 WILL build More cities again. Map Editor + Mods + Multiplayer + Single Player ++ AI (Very mean Ghandi declared war on me) +-
game-hours: 612.1
review: It's like Risk, but about 500% more complicated.
game-hours: 695.6
review: Singlehandedly the best game that i have ever bought. It is the type of game which you can play in so many different ways whilst continuing to be exciting. If you have the money to buy this game then snatch it up, it's worth every penny!
game-hours: 69.7
review: Are you having a giggle, now you decide to go on sale after spending  oh you mother
game-hours: 80.2
review: 10/10 So far the best Civ i have played.
game-hours: 279.0
review: This game ruins friendships.
game-hours: 502.2
review: Just buy it next time it's on sale, you wont regret it. Well I guess you will regret it when it becomes your second most played game (behind TF2 of course).
game-hours: 222.5
review: Pretty good game. I can't say I'm a huge fan of it as I was of Civ IV, but it's still a pretty solid game. I don't like the huge amount of bugs and graphical issues which caused me and so many others not to be able to play it for months (6+ for me). If you see it on sale, I'd say go for it.
game-hours: 64.5
review: Japan was my best homie, but then I made nukes then he got mad at me for being better. The war was over quickly. Siam got scared as he was the last civ. That war was over quickly aswell. 10/10 became Gandhi himself
game-hours: 26.8
review: Amazing Game 10/10 rather play this then any other game on my library how much I love this game!
game-hours: 148.4
review: Genghis Khan called me uncultured 10/10
game-hours: 154.1
review: DIS GAME ARE BEST TBS
game-hours: 316.0
review: being a mainly fps or fps/rpg type games fan, i thought i'd try a different genre so i bought the complete edition on the last steam sale to just see what all the fuss is about. now i know its the most addictive, where did the time go, just one more turn game i have ever played, highly recommended
game-hours: 349.6
review: Very cool strategy game, played it for long time and still playing
game-hours: 147.3
review: MidnightKiv
game-hours: 33.4
review: I have only played Civ V for about 2 hours now, having never played a single game of Sid Meier's, let alone really and turned based strat games in general. So far I can tell and understand why the hype for this game is so big. Yes at first it seems like it has a decently big learning curve, I was kind of overwhelmed at first with what I was supposed to be doing etc. But the nice thing about it is that instead of having to go through a huge tutorial for an explanation, it tells you what you should be doing while you are starting off your country. I like it a lot!
game-hours: 15.7
review: So... This game, apparently, has nukes, planes, swords, guns, wars, cities, huge maps, and bombs? .. I love it. I really recommend the game to all people who like creating, building, and destroying cities. It's sort of like a simulator, in a sense.
game-hours: 22.7
review: I love this game, It was a little challenging when I firt started, But after this its SO fun!
game-hours: 20.1
review: .   - .
game-hours: 46.5
review: epic in multiplayer!
game-hours: 20.1
review: Too Addicting!
game-hours: 438.8
review: What you need to know: This is probably one of the best stratagey games created. If you have the 2 expansions then the game is well balanced to appeal to many different types of play. Whether you want to stick to your one little city on an island and go for a diplomatic victory, or expand your civilization by the might of your military; then this game will appeal to you. I highly suggest playing with a group of friends or even just 1, multiplayer against other humans or even teaming up against comps is what makes this game great. The only flaw is the amount of money you have to spend getting all the expansions so buy the complete edition when its on sale. Other than that I know its worth the value, I have gotten more hours out of this game than any other.
game-hours: 39.2
review: Amazing and fun strategy game! ONly the best can win it all!
game-hours: 19.5
review: I personally enjoyed all civ games but this on stands out, idk if people think beyond earth is better but i dont, its a slow pased game that offers a fun experiance as one of its many civalazations starting in the ancient ara ( you can play ancient amerca for some reason)as you progress you will need to establish trade or build a military while trading,i try to stay friendly but its your choice, your civalazation, so control it
game-hours: 151.6
review: Started game as Germany Made them Jewish (along with Vatican City as well XD) Eclipsed everyone in research Got to 200% culture dominace over China Got arrogant Declared war on Greece (with backups by other civs) Didn't stand a chance Retreated and headed for china Greece successfully allied all 16 city-states Greece gets 40 diplomats World-Leader proposal in 20 turns Goes to drastic measures Bombs city-state so Greece can't win through diplomacy City state survives 4 atomic bombs No more turns So close to a science victory and Greece wins through city-states T_T 11/10
game-hours: 308.6
review: Great game! Love it! If you buy this, do one thing before you play a match... pray "Oh God dont let Gandhi nuke me!"
game-hours: 132.6
review: This is a very, very addicting game. If you plan on having a social life, do not get this. Make sure you leave the dog several bags of food before you start, because you will forget everything once you start playing. Also, get the expansion packs for the best experience, and try out the mods because they are easy to get. Make sure you use the DirectX 10&11 version, not windows 8 touchscreen version, unless you are on a touchscreen device. You will spend hours on this game and it is very fun, I recommend this game highly.
game-hours: 372.0
review: Just the intro alone to Brave New World makes it worth it to get this game.
game-hours: 244.7
review: Simply awesome 10/10
game-hours: 171.0
review: I never would of thought this game would become one of my favorites of all time.
game-hours: 251.6
review: Civ V is the pinnacle of the Civ series - everything before a buildup to this, everything after is just a shadow of it. It's an incredibly addictive and fun game, and even if, at later stages of the game, most of your play time is reduced to just waiting, time still flies. I would absolutely recommend this game. That said, there are several minor gripes I have with it: - turns late in the game last up to 30 minutes of waiting for AI to finish. Good for catching up with reading or doing some work on another monitor if you have such an opportunity, but not for much else - sometimes, internet games get randomly disconnected - when internet games get randomly disconnected, the AI *immediately* takes over for the disconnected player and spends all his remaining moves. If the host then saves, reloads, and re-invites the disconnected people back into the game, their turns have been wasted. - re-inviting disconnected people most often doesn't work if game is already in progress. The host will usually have to reload the game. - no support of inviting steam players over LAN - AI is given cheats on higher difficulty, rather than a better strategy. As such, penalties for unhappiness or lack of gold do not apply to them, and their units *never* get disbanded if they run out of cash. That's just no fun. And then there's my wishful thinking: - it'd be nice if the AI and a player's interaction with it was in any way customizable / replaceable. I would love to write a new AI brain and plug it into the game. I'd add "Make it up to me" options to the dialog when you catch the AI spying on you, I'd add respect and geographical modifiers to an AI's decision to attack you, I'd add persuasion stats and perks to leaders and dialog trees similar to those in Mass Effect or Deus Ex: HR, leading to the optimal outcome in negotiations, and more. - it'd be nice if there was a way to remove the barbarian AI from the game after a while - in later stages of the game, the barbarian AI thinks for up to 5 minutes even though it has no camps or units remaining, or even empty tiles on which to spawn. - I'd love to be able to select which tiles to focus expansion on in the city view - previous Civs supported this I think Anyway... definitely get this. It leaves a lot to be desired, but it offers so much you'll forget about the downsides.
game-hours: 53.4
review: i came. I saw. I got crushed when Ghandi turned on me Game of the year? no. It's the game of the universe from the dawn of real civilization to today
game-hours: 171.4
review: Amazing game, really pulls you in once you get the basics. A lot of variation and endless fun with your friends. Definitely a must have.
game-hours: 14.2
review: I used to think this would be to hard for me to play, but when i started its was easy and fun. I recommend this game.
game-hours: 20.2
review: Civilization V is a great game, I like just about everything in the game. The only thing I don't like is the price of DLC! For all of the DLC it costs $100+ but if you buy the bundle that indludes the base game and all of the DLC it will cost $50. Still kinda high for the DLC. Make it cheaper 2K!!!
game-hours: 135.1
review: Want to time travel? After touching this game, you dive into a new world and it'll be too late.
game-hours: 54.2
review: My first Civ V playthrough: George Washington built the Pyramids and the Leaning Tower of Pisa Gengis Khan got angry Ghandi declared war on both nations George and Gengis got nuked I stole land from Denmark Denmark nuked Ghandi Egypt created the religion of Shrek 10/10 IGN
game-hours: 8.9
review: Excellent strategy game. loads of fun!
game-hours: 13.9
review: I don't know why I like this game. I shouldn't like this game. It seems like it is just so boring. But before I know it, it's three in the morning and I am suppose to be up for work at five.
game-hours: 35.0
review: Once you hit that play button, there's no going back....
game-hours: 104.0
review: This game is pretty damn fun. There's endless possibilities and will not get boring.
game-hours: 26.7
review: Tons of fun and very nice interface
game-hours: 194.6
review: Lots of fun. Make sure you get the two DLCs though. They add a lot. Worth hours. You learn about too.
game-hours: 378.2
review: Makes time disappear. Unsure where time ends up. Sorry for nuking your capital, Attila.
game-hours: 136.7
review: Best game I have ever played! All the extra packets and DLCs make the game even more fantastic. 10/10
game-hours: 1549.7
review: Tricked friend into trading city for extra luxury resource 10/10
game-hours: 56.1
review: Amazing game. You can be whatever type of leader you want. From a cold-blooded  to a benevolent, friendly president. However, don't trust Gandhi. He'll get you if you give him the chance. You can make friends with other nations and share riches and borders with. Or you can make enemies like Gandhi that want to nuke you while promoting peace and love. There are 5 victory types You got Diplomatic Victory: Where someone in the game creates the U.N and the nations vote for who should be the true world leader You got Cultural Victory: Where you win based on how many cultural points you have, how many wonders you have built and how much people like your country. In order to win you need to research the Utopia Project. You got Science Victory: Where you beat everyone in a race to space. Just create a spaceship and. before anyone else does. You got Time Victory: A more passive mode where the rules are: let the best leader win. Whoever has the most points by the end of the game wins. And finally you got Domination Victory: Where you get completely destroyed by such a pacifist leader like Gandhi. Stay away from Gandhi. And bandits. Gandhi and Bandits
game-hours: 181.3
review: Pretty dam gud
game-hours: 96.7
review: As it turns out, I'm really good at getting achievments that nobody else has in this game, and all you have to do is be a . I don't know what that says about me as a person, but I had fun getting it.
game-hours: 571.9
review: Time waster simulator 2010-2013: 150/10 (Only if you buy the complete edition) Also, if you play with friends who are veterans, and they tell you that Venice is bad, go to their home, punch them directly in the face, go back home and play Venice. You can also make Enrico Montoya jokes with you being Enrico Dondolo as Venice Venice 1500000000/10 Way overpowered, come one blizzard it needs a nerf.
game-hours: 78.6
review: BUY IT. ITS WORTH YOUR MONIES. ALL OF THEM. 10,000,000 MONIES/11.123
game-hours: 146.9
review: MUCHO GAY LELOL
game-hours: 433.5
review: Great game
game-hours: 584.6
review: "XIMICACAN, XIMICACAN, XIMICACAN!" The last words you hear before you die. Or if you bought the dlc's : A gei" kho "ossos vimba" ngisho nawe bala! "Aiveeveh!" 10/10 would get scared of dead civilazations again.
game-hours: 42.7
review: Great game. Spent lots of time playing it.
game-hours: 344.1
review: Only recommend if you get both expansions with it. The AI may be schizo (and cheat a lot) and the game may not have the depth of a grand strategy title, but it's still a fun time sink. There's a lot of fun to be had with the civ+victory type combos. There are also a lot of great custom maps and mods for this game (though using mods prevents you from getting achievements if that's your thing).
game-hours: 19.6
review: A must own strategy game.
game-hours: 100.5
review: I loved this game so much :D 10/10!
game-hours: 1131.8
review: So you just downloaded this game last night, got up bright and early, ready to play your new game! Hooray! You started at 9:00 AM A moment later it was 7:35 PM Ghandi just got nukes Elizabeth just declared war on you for the 15th time Darius just built the SS Booster Just... ...one more.... ......turn...
game-hours: 57.0
review: Amazing game and great to play with your friends.
game-hours: 156.2
review: once you start, its hard to stop..
game-hours: 569.5
review: Yeah you should probably buy this game. Seriously. Do it.
game-hours: 18.2
review: 8/8 m8
game-hours: 2.1
review: ITS AMASING!
game-hours: 26.6
review: This game is the primary cause of my bad trust issues. 10/10. Will never love again.
game-hours: 7.7
review: 10/10 Would get nuked by Ghandi again
game-hours: 608.1
review: A really fantastic game
game-hours: 174.8
review: Just fantaaastic. 10/10 would be Gandhi.
game-hours: 839.1
review: I have played as all the civilizations and I liked them all. This is one of my favorite games of all time.
game-hours: 194.3
review: Played as Germany and declared war to everyone.
game-hours: 144.9
review: Turn based perfection. the house that Sid Meier built does it every time. Creating a civilization and building it through the ages one hex at a time. A+
game-hours: 141.9
review: So much swag
game-hours: 267.4
review: I was playing as Japan, i had the largest Civ and easily the strongest army in the game, i was well on the road to a domination victory. then, i received horrifying news: Your spy reports gandhi is building the manhatten project in (city)! at this moment, i raced everything i had to the city he was building it in, captured then razed it, before i knew it gandhi was defeated and at this moment, i realized: he had no Uranium. i had just destroyed a peaceful civ for no reason. Before i knew it everyone denounced me, even civs i brought back to the game, so i embarked all of my infantry, tanks, and units and race towards the only civ with its capital:The Netherlands, my naval escorts were soon captured and most of my invasion force was wiped out save for a carrier loaded with bombers, then i received joyous news: I had unlocked the Xcom Squad, soon after Amsterdam was surrounded and was soon destroyed, and captured. then a screen apeared before me. "The world has been embroiled in war. You are victorious". This game is unbelievably amazing, and ghandi isn't terrible unless he is happy, from luxuries or god only knows what else, but never trust him and if he completes the manhatten project, buy bomb shelters for all your cities and destroy him as fast as possible. This is well worth the money, but only with DLC. and always create the Religion ghandism to apease your god emperor. Ghandi/10
game-hours: 99.2
review: Awesome game, great visuals, gameplay and wide veriaty of races, units and winconditions. 1 con: alot of DLC,,,
game-hours: 225.8
review: Addicting and Fun!
game-hours: 185.5
review: Great game, very realistic.
game-hours: 105.1
review: Beware the God Damn Wu-Tang clan
game-hours: 422.7
review: The game with the two expansions (G&K + BNW) changes completely from the vanilla game originally released... it is a completely new experience. You have new units plus a lot of new features to try. The new ideologies, plus tourism and the related cultural victory is a great new addition really. I havent got any problems finishing the game first on Marathon length on Prince (no special AI bonuses). The only drawback I find is that without many bonuses, the AI has a hard time to keep up with the player after the Industrial Era (especially if you run for the Artillery unit and start decimating the rest of the factions). Higher difficulty levels give many different AI bonuses to balance the game (some people may not really like this because it is very easy to notice the AI bonuses, especially early in the game).
game-hours: 128.0
review: The last time I played Civilization was Civ2. Although I bought both Civ3 and Civ4, I played for less than an hour each because they really sucked. As for Civ5, I had little faith in it but bought it anyway because I collect the series and I waited until it released the complete scenario packages at discount prices before buying it. Happily, Civ5 was nowhere near the suckiness of its predecessors. It's really very good and addictive, much like Civ2. However, after all this time presumably dozens of patches and updates, there are still a lot of bugs, some annoying and some even showstoppers. Good thing the showstoppers can be corrected by a simple savegame reload. But the worst is probably it's very slow even on my Intel i7 RAID SSD system. It could even take for the game to think a couple of minutes each turn when you have conquered much of the world map. Last but not least, AI seems weak. A hundred hours gameplay later, the computer players have never declared war on me. It's always me declaring war on them. 4 out of 5 stars at the most...and I am being generous. Nonetheless, I still recommend it.
game-hours: 33.2
review: Civ 5 is a brilliant game. It has beautiful graphics, perfect performance (on proper machines that can take it) with detailed and handy systems for creating your own civ. I suggest the DLC due to its offering of a new religion you can personalise which is always fun. Gets boring pretty quickly, I've found it best to play in multiplayer with friends as it gets very boring very quickly as theres not much action at the start, even if you set the speed to fast. BEAUTIFUL WILL RUN ON MOST COMPUTERS BORING AT POINTS
game-hours: 33.2
review: Awesome game, I had a 1000 year long war with Japan... then I got nukes.....
game-hours: 151.0
review: I created a city in the middle of the desert. At first I had some problems sustaining my country, but I was fine. I gained a following as a leader, then I desided to start a war with russia last winter. After that i bought Civ 5 and it was fun.
game-hours: 194.9
review: Other than slow load times, especially when you are running Mods and playing on a large scale with lots of civilizations this game is too fun. Adding wonder and building mods also adds so much more depth to the game, yet can slightly imbalance some strategies.
game-hours: 71.5
review: Best turn by turn strategy game ever. but remember to tink!
game-hours: 231.7
review: Give Gandhi uranium they said. It'll be fun they said
game-hours: 91.3
review: Amazing
game-hours: 68.3
review: Very good fun with loads of friends, even with the CPU's it can be hilarious. You can nuke them (later game) or even just build a massive army and obliterate early game (quite hard to do). I play this with my friend loads and even some games take up to a whole day and we are yet to finish one but not far off. I would recommended this game a lot but only if you like these kind of games (stratergy). --------------------------------------------------!Civ V RULES!-------------------------------------------------------------- Review By GUNNS4L0AN
game-hours: 54.7
review: Amazing game, but don't expect to play a "quick" game. I have spent over 50 hours on this game (at the time of writing this review), but have only just finished my first Civ. Simply wonderful strategy game.
game-hours: 160.2
review: /10 very addictiing game P.S. Don't trust Gandhi. EVER.
game-hours: 1151.9
review: Throw money at this because it is awesome and i have almost got 200 hours play time on it making it my most played game and for good reason too.
game-hours: 254.6
review: One of the best turn based strategy game ever made :)
game-hours: 43.3
review: ,        ,       ,   ,    ^_^ .
game-hours: 60.9
review: great game
game-hours: 194.8
review: Great strategic game!
game-hours: 39.1
review: "sir, the city-state budapest is sitting on a huge deposit of uranium. What are your orders?" "Conquer them, they have been a thorn in my side for too long. They block my access to the mainland, and give me useless troops that are below the level my army has reached, and since their only wish is to destroy another city state in a far away land that I do not care about I have to constantly give them gold so I can pass through their lands. This is the final straw." Germany has declared war on budapest! Germany has annexed the city state of budapest! "finally... wait... what?" Ghandi has declared war on Germany! England has declared war on Germany! The Ottomans have declared war on Germany! Greece has declared war on Germany! Egypt is Denouncing Germany! France is denouncing Germany! Persia is denouncing Germany! Russia is no longer Allied with Germany! "God Damnit..." TIP: After turn 10 most city states are untouchable. Keep that in mind.
game-hours: 76.1
review: Trust no one, everyone is out to get you. You have to build an army fast or manipulate the other civilizations. It's an intense game but very well put together.
game-hours: 279.5
review: Best game ever. Be america and nuke the world, because if it's worth doing, it's worth overdoing!
game-hours: 59.9
review: Best Turn-Based strategy game ever made.
game-hours: 161.5
review: Warning!: This game will break all of your friendships
game-hours: 95.7
review: Civilization V should be any and everyone's turn-based strategy dream game. It's been sharpened to the fine edges of perfection, you find yourself repeatedly saying... just... one.. more... turn! A good investment of your money.
game-hours: 129.6
review: very very fun
game-hours: 86.0
review: Definately buy the complete edition though, it's only a few dollars more and many times better than the vanilla version alone.
game-hours: 126.9
review: I haven't played a CIV game in years and this one makes it extremely easy to get back into the fold. It guides you along step by step to make it fun yet still challenging. Replayability is obviously very high as the game is different with every playthrough.
game-hours: 44.8
review: Amazing game, fun to play alone or with friends! This game should be used in teaching history.
game-hours: 43.4
review: This game is very enjoyable and a very fun game... It can be historical with the quotes and stuff at times and I was just talking to my teacher about this game how it deals of what were doing and stuff... Fantastic... You can even make the Religion of Spain 'Soccer'... I also played as America and ended up in the Middle east with Alexander the Great... Im dead... I also ended up in Canada with Britain and Germany forming a alliance... Great game, challenging AI and even works with a TOUCHSCREEN! O.M.G.! lets cross our fingers for a mobile Sid 5!
game-hours: 112.1
review: This game is great it only took me 100+ hours to beat the game the first time then at 110 total hours I beat the game in 76 turns. My life is complete.
game-hours: 93.6
review: when you first play this game if you have alot of players can last hours. this is not a bad thoguh becuase those hours will be full of fun if you like manageing citys buildings and an army. this game has replay ability but can get boring in multiplayer becuase you can be deep into a game and people will leave and it just turns into and ai match.
game-hours: 686.5
review: Not sure if should buy CoC or cs go keys
game-hours: 659.1
review: Just buy the ing game, you will not regret it.
game-hours: 45.8
review: Loved this game. Highly recomended.
game-hours: 395.1
review: I just finished my first game after playing another turn. Great game!
game-hours: 328.7
review: Your average Civ game. "Gandhi has completed the Manhattan Project!" Quit game without saving. Exit Civ 5. Exit Steam. Delete Civ 5. Delete Steam. Shut down computer. Punch the screen in. Break the computer with a hammer. Throw the computer out of the window. Burn the computer with a flamethrower. Dance on the ashes naked. Buy a plane ticket to India. Go to a missile silo. Launch a nuke. Leave India. Watch and laugh as the rest of the world pulverizes Gandhi's smug  face with nukes. Kill yourself. "Alexander has won a Diplomatic Victory!" Come back to life. Kill yourself again.
game-hours: 142.8
review: Don't trust ghandi, he will not give you cookies. 10/10
game-hours: 3.9
review: bord gam on teh complututte
game-hours: 794.3
review: Is good. Do play.
game-hours: 343.4
review: As a long time Strategy game fan, I can happily say this is my game of choice in this generations games. This is the game that sucks up most of my play time, right after Kerbal Space Program, and I can easily reccommend it to anyone trying to decide to buy it. Especially right now while it's on sale. 10/10 easy.
game-hours: 67.1
review: If you like Civilizations, and the roman numural V, then I STRONGLY recomend this game!
game-hours: 19.7
review: I really recommend this game it is just so good. But make sure you get the dlc it turns it into a whole nother game.. Grayson my friend doesnt own it and he wont buy it cause hes a dumbass with aids but its okay he doesnt know what hes missing just make sure you get it!!!!!
game-hours: 25.8
review: It is one of the most addictive, entertaining games I have ever played
game-hours: 96.3
review: I spent 11 hours playing the tutorial. I don't regret it.
game-hours: 43.6
review: Stockholm is now the capital of Libya Denmark is located on the Ivory Coast Sydney is in Iran Gandhi has nuclear weapons The swedish king says "Gott mit uns" Yes. 16/10
game-hours: 38.4
review: Civilization V is a wonderful game. It has many improvements over Civ IV and was hard to get used to after just playing the later version but once i did the improvements were obvious. I like the additions of the City States and the tutorial is very helpful. I highly recommend this game.
game-hours: 196.4
review: I've really enjoyed playing CIV, as always. I think it still could have been much better. I'd recommend purchasing the game when its on offer! I've played a lot of it and after a few very long games now, I've began to become bored of it. But its still recommended, especially if you have friends to play with!
game-hours: 30.7
review: As Mayan I discovered a war between Poland and USA in the same continent. Finally Japan conquered the continent but I won by cultural victory with Mayan rock and rollers 10/10
game-hours: 193.5
review: -Played as Japan in Earth map -Spawned in China -So close
game-hours: 34.3
review: Robert E. Lee spawned as a Great Person for Korea. 10/10 would question my history degree again.
game-hours: 194.3
review: Played as Germany and declared war to everyone.
game-hours: 144.9
review: Turn based perfection. the house that Sid Meier built does it every time. Creating a civilization and building it through the ages one hex at a time. A+
game-hours: 71.0
review: Its actually good and i don't even like strategy games.
game-hours: 31.4
review: gam is fun, wold reccomind this 2 ppeople out ther. -suggestionz: kim jong-un DLC : adolph hilter DLC if u c dis, show 2 gayben, plis. This gaem is r8 8/8 m8 (i mastrb8)
game-hours: 37.9
review: Fun to play with 2 other people. Games can last quite a while but they are never dull and there is always deep strategy involved.
game-hours: 172.8
review: + Nice game. - Loading time is horrible.
game-hours: 251.6
review: Civ V is the pinnacle of the Civ series - everything before a buildup to this, everything after is just a shadow of it. It's an incredibly addictive and fun game, and even if, at later stages of the game, most of your play time is reduced to just waiting, time still flies. I would absolutely recommend this game. That said, there are several minor gripes I have with it: - turns late in the game last up to 30 minutes of waiting for AI to finish. Good for catching up with reading or doing some work on another monitor if you have such an opportunity, but not for much else - sometimes, internet games get randomly disconnected - when internet games get randomly disconnected, the AI *immediately* takes over for the disconnected player and spends all his remaining moves. If the host then saves, reloads, and re-invites the disconnected people back into the game, their turns have been wasted. - re-inviting disconnected people most often doesn't work if game is already in progress. The host will usually have to reload the game. - no support of inviting steam players over LAN - AI is given cheats on higher difficulty, rather than a better strategy. As such, penalties for unhappiness or lack of gold do not apply to them, and their units *never* get disbanded if they run out of cash. That's just no fun. And then there's my wishful thinking: - it'd be nice if the AI and a player's interaction with it was in any way customizable / replaceable. I would love to write a new AI brain and plug it into the game. I'd add "Make it up to me" options to the dialog when you catch the AI spying on you, I'd add respect and geographical modifiers to an AI's decision to attack you, I'd add persuasion stats and perks to leaders and dialog trees similar to those in Mass Effect or Deus Ex: HR, leading to the optimal outcome in negotiations, and more. - it'd be nice if there was a way to remove the barbarian AI from the game after a while - in later stages of the game, the barbarian AI thinks for up to 5 minutes even though it has no camps or units remaining, or even empty tiles on which to spawn. - I'd love to be able to select which tiles to focus expansion on in the city view - previous Civs supported this I think Anyway... definitely get this. It leaves a lot to be desired, but it offers so much you'll forget about the downsides.
game-hours: 53.4
review: i came. I saw. I got crushed when Ghandi turned on me Game of the year? no. It's the game of the universe from the dawn of real civilization to today
game-hours: 171.4
review: Amazing game, really pulls you in once you get the basics. A lot of variation and endless fun with your friends. Definitely a must have.
game-hours: 14.2
review: I used to think this would be to hard for me to play, but when i started its was easy and fun. I recommend this game.
game-hours: 9.3
review: fun game, strategic, more strategy than the plot from the illuminati for 9/11
game-hours: 316.5
review: This is great game that will suck you in and make you spend hours at a time. Brave New World heavily recommend for full experience.
game-hours: 153.2
review: One of my favorite games, never get bored of it! 10/10
game-hours: 202.0
review: Meh, I put a little bit of time in it.
game-hours: 390.0
review: Even if every atom that ever has and ever will exist could be broken down and reformed into a giant, all encompassing picture of me rolling my eyes, it would still not adequately convey the contempt I feel for this game. Jon Shafer, burn in hell.
game-hours: 643.0
review: game of my life
game-hours: 187.1
review: Waited thousand of years. Discovered atomic theory. It could be used to provide great prosperity to the human race. Used it to nuke Ghandi repeatedly. 11/10 would nuke again.
game-hours: 413.5
review: Very good RTS game, probably the best out there but Coe needs to click the  NEXT TURN BUTTON FIRST
game-hours: 60.2
review: Ghandi nuked me. Twice. 9.5/10
game-hours: 4.5
review: >Meet gandhi >be friends >get nuked
game-hours: 466.1
review: lo0ve this game!! 500 hrs enough said
game-hours: 0.3
review: I know I've sid it before but I really admeier the work put into the game
game-hours: 72.5
review: george washington built new jersy on top of my busiest road
game-hours: 51.8
review: Where do I begin, Civ V is the one of the BEST games I have ever played in my 9+ years of gaming. I love the strategy aspect and the fact that there are so many things you need to pay attention to in order to win the game other than other games being like "AHHAHA IM JUST GUNA SHOOT AND DEN I WIN HAHA". This game takes thought, intellect, and time. I HIGHLY recommend buying this game.
game-hours: 141.5
review: This game is a stagedy game and that is perfect for this game. The map scales are perfect, but the only problem is that, if you have bad wifi and play a big map with a lot of players then good luck!
game-hours: 62.8
review: this game is the best strategy game i have ever played, i truly think it is a great game to get have fun!
game-hours: 37.6
review: Great game. I love creating Robo France 9595
game-hours: 269.2
review: The obsession.....unending, unstopable, all three expansions....so addicted....help me......
game-hours: 129.7
review: A bit slow, but fun and rewarding when you get something accomplished or look back at all the progress you've made. But I speak as someone with no multiplayer experience in this game. So... yeah.
game-hours: 59.6
review: Built the Great Pyramids underwater and was then nuked by Ghandi
game-hours: 850.5
review: I played it once at a friend's house.
game-hours: 219.8
review: Long fun games. Just make sure you get all the dlc. The game is pretty useless without all dlc.
game-hours: 28.4
review: said i was gunna play for 10 minutes,ended up playing for 10 hours
game-hours: 16.0
review: My Eyes Hurt . I havent been outside for days .But my empire is happy so I got this going for me which is nice
game-hours: 212.9
review: Amazing game.
game-hours: 96.3
review: All and all a good game for anyone with time to play it of course it has a save option but it is time consuming regardless
game-hours: 549.8
review: Amazing
game-hours: 7.0
review: Shaka Zulu.
game-hours: 150.2
review: This game is really fun. Challenging, you have control over what you start with, and you can easily screw yourself over. Getting ahead of everyone in technology is key. Airplanes v.s Renassiance guys... i think you know who wins.
game-hours: 46.1
review: i opened this game and played it for 20 mins before i was going to go out with friends and then after i closed it i checked the time and its been 42 hours. 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 158.3
review: >Discovered nukes >Needed Lebensraum >Nuked everyone >Have Lebensraum 420/404 would nuke again.
game-hours: 127.7
review: good game would buy 10/10
game-hours: 326.5
review: america
game-hours: 39.8
review: This game is fantastic, especially with the expansions. Civ V is higly addictive and has great replay value, making it a valuble purchase if you want a game to play in your free time. The online gameplay is challenging, making it more interesting than facing off against AI. Overall, this game is exceptional and I would highly recomend getting the expansions along with it.
game-hours: 125.7
review: One of the best strategy game ever. I highly recomend )
game-hours: 150.7
review: Has a bit of a learning curve, but once you get past that, you will never want to stop playing. Once, I decided to take a study break and start a game of civ. After 2 hours, I began to promise myself that I would be done at the end of the turn. Each turn. Every time I finished a turn, I would think of all these things I had to do that I might not remember the next time I played.... I was able to force myself to take a shower probably 6 hours later and right when I got out I ran over and uninstalled the game while I still could!
game-hours: 382.0
review: Its ing Civilization buy it
game-hours: 38.0
review: My first single player game of Civ 5 has been an emotion roller coaster. I played as France. I now hate England, and love Russia. I have major distrust for the Songhai Empire after they betrayed me(s). I went from almost destroying Buddapest, to having them be my most supportive ally. It's been an interesting run ill tell you that much.
game-hours: 70.2
review: So, I found myself at war with many countries while playing as japan...Then ghandi contacted me...Told me he was sad to see me such a warmongerer....Its the year 2000, Me and ghandi are nuking everyone as an alliance, Eventually when it was me and ghandi as the final nations... Ghandi continued to stay alliance...But me...Heheh...I betrayed ghandi nuking the hell out of him...Its about time ghandi tasted his own medicine...
game-hours: 72.9
review: Austria's a .
game-hours: 100.7
review: Exterminate, Expand, Explore,ad Exploit your way through history either be a ruthless warmonger ripping his way through the centuries as an immortal god, or sit back relax and lie you heart out in diplomatic means but if you dont want to do either of those there always is the last opiton be the next Newton or Einstein and completley out science everyone while your people are totting automatic weapons watcha s the opposing masses flee in terror occasionaly throwing a stone however you want YOU GOT IT
game-hours: 345.0
review: If you were to ask me "is this game good?" it is one of the greatest in my opinion it is a MUST play or try highly , addicting , beautiful, on top with the greatest of games :)
game-hours: 346.5
review: Four words; "Just one more turn." 9.5/10
game-hours: 13.2
review: Took over Rome and called Gandhi a  all in one turn. 10/10
game-hours: 75.5
review: One of my favourite games to play. There is hardly anything as fun as being able to command your own country and become whatever type of ruler you want. There are hardly any problems with the game and any that are there are so discrete they are not even worth mentioning. There are so many variations in game styles that it becomes impossible to get bored of this game. I recomend however getting as much of the DLC as possible as it improves the game play ten fold. Although if you do not get the DLC you will still get hours of enjoyment out of this. I would put this game up there with my top 5 and would definatly give this game 9.5/10. Awesome game keep up the hard work cant wait for the next one to come out.
game-hours: 26.5
review: I HATE DIDO/6 IGN , WOULD HATE DIDO AGAIN
game-hours: 74.0
review: "I see your amassing a rather large army near my border, I hope you aren't planning anything" Nah man, I'm just passing through MWAHAHAHAHAHAHA
game-hours: 247.1
review: Lost my job Lost my girlfriend My mom kicked me out But that's all okay because I returned the Japanese empire to it's former glory 69/10 destroyed my life
game-hours: 11.6
review: Barbarians shot down my fighter jet with clubs. 420/10
game-hours: 9.3
review: Poland will always try to kill everyone but you. Ghandi will always befriend everyone but you. Listen to my words, youngster. If Ghandi or Poland are near you, kill them. No matter what, declare war and wipe them out before they wipe your .
game-hours: 48.0
review: The temptation that is a Steam sale is too much for one with a will as weak as mine. At first you remember the strategy games you used to play, CnC, Starcraft, LotR B4ME. You then run the game to get serenaded by it's wonderfully, eloquent intro. You then play the tutorial, as this game is more in depth than Justin Bieber's social life. Never did I think this game would suck up so many hours of my time. A tutorial, which took me a good 12 hours as I went and read what things do, and think of what I should do depending on the situation. You will learn to hate barbarians, you will learn to hate them, and then you will destroy them. The satisfaction of getting the barbarians away from your Capital, and saving your first workers is just too much. If you play this game you will forget what day of the week it is, and realize that you got fired from your job for playing Civ 5 for 3 days.
game-hours: 662.6
review: Lots of fun, I recommend mods also
game-hours: 39.7
review: Amazing game, Played it for weeks, not as much as Garrys mod but still alot.
game-hours: 2.7
review: If you want to get nuked by gandhi, then this game is for you. 10/10 would get nuked again
game-hours: 443.5
review: gosh i cant get enough of this game
game-hours: 291.1
review: OMG AMAZING
game-hours: 176.1
review: Very addictive and fun.
game-hours: 71.1
review: WOOOOOOOOOOOO good game
game-hours: 17.4
review: I started Facism in America while Germany was practicing Democracy. 97% will approve.
game-hours: 220.5
review: If you want to rule the world,and raise your empire this game is for you
game-hours: 19.7
review: Played this while it was free for a weekend, and now i cry at nights, because i am too poor to buy it.......it haunts me....I need it on special! 10/10 for creating my 10th addiction
game-hours: 585.4
review: 585 hours played out of 5 stars
game-hours: 1104.4
review: wonderful
game-hours: 262.9
review: THIS GAME, OMG
game-hours: 170.1
review: It just... deserves it - IGN 10/10
game-hours: 381.9
review: I nuked Gandhi. Killed millons of people. Wiped out entire civilizations. Mowe(e)d down armies with superior technology. Did`nt feel bad about it. Then I got back to real life. Ate something. Walked in the nature. Accidentaly broke a little stick on the ground. Thats something i feel bad about.
game-hours: 70.6
review: Just buy it already.
game-hours: 26.9
review: This is a great historical city builder that you half to get your hands on. The DLCs improve the game by so much, and the depth to this game is so great. This game is a must have!
game-hours: 110.5
review: is bretty gud mang
game-hours: 150.7
review: So addictive
game-hours: 208.0
review: Of the strategy games that I have played, it is amazing. It has an amazing mix of war and military, economy, science, culture, and religion (with G&K Worth the money, buy the expansions if on sale.
game-hours: 11.4
review: Ghandi wants world domination 10/10
game-hours: 126.6
review: One of the best
game-hours: 124.1
review: Still dont know who Sid Meier is.
game-hours: 15.2
review: Havent been playing it for long but for the time I did I couldnt stop playing. Soooooo addicting
game-hours: 720.8
review: There's a few features that would really improve the game massively, but it still retains addictive and satisfying gameplay. As someone who adores history and strategy, this is a brilliant game. I feel as if it is a true celebration of human history and culture!
game-hours: 271.0
review: kill ghnadi first, or he kill  ;_;
game-hours: 24.2
review: Civilization v by Sid meier is one of the top strategy games that I hve played. I must admit I am not really a strategy man; more of a terrorist gunning psychopath. But I deeply and suprising enjoyed civ's multi-layered and diverse gameplay and is one of the best purchases I have made since joining the master-race. Thank you for enlightening me on a genre of game i am unfamilliar with.
game-hours: 67.4
review: Better than Civilization 4 but not as good as actually ruling the world.
game-hours: 389.8
review: A great addition to the empire-building strategy game. You have the ability to raise an empire from nothing and set about on your quest to rule the planet. Through means of diplomacy, technological advancements, culture or war you can make the Earth move under your command. Choose one of 43 empires from throughout history to aid you in victory, with several other mechanics such as religion, happiness, espionage and Great People this game is first choice if you need an in-depth strategy.
game-hours: 97.0
review: My Favorite Strategy Game/ Favori stratej oyunum
game-hours: 284.1
review: Wooow david is bad at this which makes it fun for easy wins? 11/10 its ok
game-hours: 211.8
review: Ok thought i would finally do this reveiw of Civ 5, after much belly acheing on my part and out right refusal to play Civ in anyway shape or form i must say that i now have the hang of this game so now i can add that it's not that bad to play, graphics are very pleaseing to the eye interfaceing is also easy to get a handle on it. So i give this game a solid 8 out of 10 if you ever get a chance to get it for a decent price go for it.
game-hours: 381.9
review: I nuked Gandhi. Killed millons of people. Wiped out entire civilizations. Mowe(e)d down armies with superior technology. Did`nt feel bad about it. Then I got back to real life. Ate something. Walked in the nature. Accidentaly broke a little stick on the ground. Thats something i feel bad about.
game-hours: 110.5
review: is bretty gud mang
game-hours: 170.1
review: It just... deserves it - IGN 10/10
game-hours: 86.3
review: Hours of fun and Fustration waiting for your turn lol, Great game
game-hours: 262.9
review: THIS GAME, OMG
game-hours: 26.9
review: This is a great historical city builder that you half to get your hands on. The DLCs improve the game by so much, and the depth to this game is so great. This game is a must have!
game-hours: 151.2
review: You can choose to play one of many civilizations to play, each with its own unique unit and building, you can make your own maps with World Builder, its simply awesome! Gameplay is easy to figure out, lots of fun with managing production, income, trade, and your military. Though there are some issues with multiplayer, like major lag and crashing and constant game sync screens... realy annoying.
game-hours: 566.6
review: Itss goooood!
game-hours: 20.9
review: Fantastic user friendly game
game-hours: 29.2
review: I got nuked by Gandhi. 10/10
game-hours: 120.7
review: Yah iz gud
game-hours: 526.1
review: Just... one... more... turn...
game-hours: 418.4
review: It's good.
game-hours: 285.7
review: Yet another fantastic game from Firaxis. Sid's games all have this 'one more turn' charm, which will eventually get you to play till 6 AM in your underwear and desperatley needing sleep. Every civ is unique and has it's own playstyle, and the difficulty levels are balanced. This game is one of the games I love and will keep playing until I move out or have better things to do. 9/10 would kiss again
game-hours: 185.7
review: I've loved this series since I played the first game on my 10MG RAM PC when I was 9 or 11. XD 10/10 for life!
game-hours: 37.2
review: Civilization V is the greatest world strategy game ever made!
game-hours: 53.0
review: This game is great, I love it so much! Although I think the DLC's should've come with the game (The stuff in the DLC's I mean)
game-hours: 260.5
review: So I named my religion to bang for days and the vatican city was in my game and i got a pop up the vatican city wants to bang for days. 10/10 IGN
game-hours: 323.3
review: Brilliant gameplay, challenging when you could face off huge armies against many countires countless armies. Strategic tree-advancement depending on how you like winning the game. Love the aspects like creating a religion that would ensure a diplomatic win and such.
game-hours: 118.0
review: If a console gamer asked me to give them a list of the top 5 pc games they needed to play, one of the games I'd tell them to play would be Civilization 5. It is absolutely one of the greatest games I have had the joy of playing. The game just throws you in without a strict tutorial you might find in most RTS games. But honestly it doesn't take that much skill or overall knowledge of the game's systems to start playing. Simply plop your settlers unto a hex (the recommended placements are great) and start playing. It's a turn based game so you have plenty of time to think through your moves and choices. There are so many things to look out for (happiness, city-states, economy, trade, researching the tech-tree, culture, city growth) and each of those things may drastically effect gameplay. Enemy Ai is fantastic, but side-note, I recommend players with experience in RTS to play at least on the Prince level, otherwise you won't get that much of a challange. Combat system works great, with many details factoring into a building/unit's ability to attack and defend. Diplomacy (improved with Brave New World DLC) is one thing I've wished was better but then again I've never played it with BNW dlc so perhaps its completely different. But all you can really do besides trade is declare war/peace and denounce people. The Ai will come to you with wierd proposals, like "hey give me your awesome oil research and I'll give you... uh how about dat pottery?". That scenario might not be real but still, I've definitely denied my share of strange trades, which may lead to worse relations. GET IT. If turn based strategy floats your boat, then by all means buy it, especially when its on sale.
game-hours: 739.8
review: i like to play the ottomans cuz he has a funny hat
game-hours: 157.0
review: The pinnacle of the Civilization series. In my opinion, one of the best games of all time. (I have many more hours offline)
game-hours: 37.9
review: Great game. Very addictive. Very huge. Very, very fun. Too many achievements. Must declare more wars.
game-hours: 130.5
review: Destroying the culture and history of another civilisation with an army worthy of Mordor can be all the more fun with Civilisation V.
game-hours: 150.7
review: So addictive
game-hours: 25.1
review: I opened the game and didn't close it for the next 10 hrs... This game is awesome! I play alot with 2-3 friends and it is great to just chill with while building your empire and making your grand strategies to take down your enemies. Civ 5 has so many different elements to it that it is hard to understand at first if you have not played a Civ game before it but when you begin to understand the game you can scratch the surface of what the game has to offer. Great game, would recommend playing with friends and getting the Brave New World expansion at least.
game-hours: 166.4
review: This game is like that moment when you're geting a BJ and about to finish and she just lets you go all over her face and chest. And I mean EVERYWHERE. But overall, worth my dollar.
game-hours: 25.1
review: I opened the game and didn't close it for the next 10 hrs... This game is awesome! I play alot with 2-3 friends and it is great to just chill with while building your empire and making your grand strategies to take down your enemies. Civ 5 has so many different elements to it that it is hard to understand at first if you have not played a Civ game before it but when you begin to understand the game you can scratch the surface of what the game has to offer. Great game, would recommend playing with friends and getting the Brave New World expansion at least.
game-hours: 121.4
review: it a good game
game-hours: 151.2
review: You can choose to play one of many civilizations to play, each with its own unique unit and building, you can make your own maps with World Builder, its simply awesome! Gameplay is easy to figure out, lots of fun with managing production, income, trade, and your military. Though there are some issues with multiplayer, like major lag and crashing and constant game sync screens... realy annoying.
game-hours: 118.0
review: If a console gamer asked me to give them a list of the top 5 pc games they needed to play, one of the games I'd tell them to play would be Civilization 5. It is absolutely one of the greatest games I have had the joy of playing. The game just throws you in without a strict tutorial you might find in most RTS games. But honestly it doesn't take that much skill or overall knowledge of the game's systems to start playing. Simply plop your settlers unto a hex (the recommended placements are great) and start playing. It's a turn based game so you have plenty of time to think through your moves and choices. There are so many things to look out for (happiness, city-states, economy, trade, researching the tech-tree, culture, city growth) and each of those things may drastically effect gameplay. Enemy Ai is fantastic, but side-note, I recommend players with experience in RTS to play at least on the Prince level, otherwise you won't get that much of a challange. Combat system works great, with many details factoring into a building/unit's ability to attack and defend. Diplomacy (improved with Brave New World DLC) is one thing I've wished was better but then again I've never played it with BNW dlc so perhaps its completely different. But all you can really do besides trade is declare war/peace and denounce people. The Ai will come to you with wierd proposals, like "hey give me your awesome oil research and I'll give you... uh how about dat pottery?". That scenario might not be real but still, I've definitely denied my share of strange trades, which may lead to worse relations. GET IT. If turn based strategy floats your boat, then by all means buy it, especially when its on sale.
game-hours: 348.3
review: Absolute must-have!
game-hours: 166.4
review: This game is like that moment when you're geting a BJ and about to finish and she just lets you go all over her face and chest. And I mean EVERYWHERE. But overall, worth my dollar.
game-hours: 325.9
review: I'm only on turn one but its an okay game.
game-hours: 266.0
review: Brilliant Game, but the tech tree is too linear.
game-hours: 22.8
review: Witness how Gandhi became a Nuclear Terrorist!
game-hours: 372.1
review: -Played as Siam -Spain attacks ally -SEND IN THE ELEPHANTS!
game-hours: 144.5
review: 50 Hours into your latest save, all is going well. Only 3 leaders left Gandhi, Caesar and Washington. you draft an 'end game' plan in your mind, you will make friends with Gandhi (for obvious reasons he's chill) then procede to befriend Caesar. Then you will take out Washington because he is a  and did not accept an open border agreement 3000 years prior HE MUST PAY. 20 turns later all is going to plan, we are now on Washingtons doorstep, Gandhi and Caesar appear to love and probably fear your superpower nation. All we need to do is eliminate the pesky Americans and ith all our military now on American soil this should not take long. Then after the swift invasion of America we will make a vote for world peace at the U.N (in rome of course) with our new found Indian and Roman brethren it is a sure win! But all of a sudden the distant droning of nuclear sirens start, quickly they become louder and louder, "what is this!?" you think to yourself, a false alarm? You shrug it off maybe Caesae bombing a city state. The game pauses... Gandhi appears on the screen, with a sinister grin he shouts "WAR" in your face. Only seconds after you see a gut wrenching sight. The camera focuses on a nuclear submarine stationed just off the coast of your pride and joy, the capital of your glorious nation. You then hear a rumble, just seconds after a nuclear warhead emerges from the previously hidden submarine, you realise it is too late... you can only watch as the missle closes in. As your city goes up in a giant cloud there are short lived screams from your beloved people, then silence. Before what had just occurred had sunk in, before you could make rescue efforts to save your much loved citizens the humming of quiet engines fall upon your ears. Suddenly countless 'stealth bombers' appear seemingly out of no where, soon the sky is blackened by planes, the game falls almost silent only the whistle of falling bombs remains. You faint from the shock of what is unfolding. You awake shortly after, Gandhi is still flattening what remains of your once prosperous empire, now with 'giant death robots' making the most of his seemingly never ending turn. As Gandhi clinically and relentlessly razes what's left of your broken nation all you can do is weep, your people hacked down in their prime and your glorious nation so mighty just minutes before has just been been all but eliminated in 1 turn. Why oh why did you turn of autosave? did it really speed your game up? was it worth it? Ghandi is a complete , he acts like your friend but WILL nuke the  out of you if even the slightest oppurtunity presents itself. 10/10
game-hours: 2600.5
review: I only played a little but it was fun.
game-hours: 316.9
review: It's like crack. You keep telling yourself 'just one more turn'. but then you realize you've been sitting in your underwear for for 36 hours and you've forgotten to check on your wife who gave birth to your baby last night.
game-hours: 3979.9
review: Made me obsessed, destroyed my social life, gave me and irrational fear of Gandhi. and made me invest countless hours into destroying civilizations. 12/10 potatoes
game-hours: 126.6
review: -playing as the US -explores and finds siam -befriends siam -finds greece -greece is a  and invades -gets in a war with greece -takes 2 greek cities and returnes the rest -greece is happy -sails to new lands and finds all other nations -befirends russia and china -gets in a foolish war with siam not knowing that every nation exept china and russia is friends with siam -feels sad because everyone hates me -makes peace with siam because im feeling guilty for being a warmonger -people start being nice to me -feels happy, only germany and arabia are guarded, everyone else is friendly -china asked me to declaire war on arabia even though he has done nothing to me -I decline because Ive decided to be an example to the civilized world -china declares war on and denounces me -germany declares war on me -every nation on earth exept for russia declaires war on me -me and russia vs. the world -I have 3 nukes and no one else has any -cant make myself use them -steamroll enemy city states south of me -steamroll greece to the north -steamroll native american settlements on some islands near me -siam discovers urainum -siam is confirmed to have nuclear power plant -must stop siam from getting nukes -US gunships race to punch a hole in siams defences -all reserve units are embarked for the invasion with destroyer escorts -gunships meet uber heavy resistance -invasion due in 2 turns -russia is being cut off from US aid -sends paratroopers to break the siege of moscow -fails due to being outnumbered 20:1 -D-Day in siam -steamrolls siam until only capital left -no sign of atomic weapons -100,000 troops surrounding the capital -air raid sirens -siam nukes himself four times along with most of my troops -paras mop up and capture the capital -sad music -all other nations in shock -we mourn our fallen troops -all nations make peace in the next 4 turns -we all are sad -decides war must end for good -changes course for diplomatic victory -starts work on UN -becomes allies with 19 city states -all nations live in realitive peace -finishes UN -wins vote -wins game 10/10 no feels like this in a game before.
game-hours: 14.1
review: When Gandhi or Ethiopia comes to your doorstep with gifts of gold, dyes, and ivory, take my advice. Ready all your tanks and nukes, arm them, AND SHOOT THEM LIKE YOUR LIFE DEPENDS ON IT. They are evil, traitorous demons. NEVER TRUST THEM. However, Genghis Khan is my best friend. He came up to me and was all like, "De full do bu la chi mendo." And I said, "Okay! Let's be friends!" I can never understand that guy, but something about our relationship just works. Ghandi Hating Simulator 2014 11/10
game-hours: 51.1
review: You'll decide to play for an hour and you'll realize four days later that your wife left you, but you're so close to killing that scumbag Gandhi that it doesn't even matter. 20/10
game-hours: 152.8
review: Never. Trust. Ghandi.
game-hours: 40.9
review: Don't attempt to play this before going to bed.
game-hours: 444.1
review: Say goodbye to your life.
game-hours: 94.4
review: Good game, but remember, a dead Ghandi is a good Ghandi
game-hours: 223.2
review: Honestly one of my favorite games i have played in a long time. My friends and I often play on a team and put the AI on deity, the best way to play.
game-hours: 133.9
review: Got violated by Ghandi.... 10/10 :3
game-hours: 289.7
review: wow Contol states such graphic so BNW Such G&K wow
game-hours: 261.6
review: Probably the best game in the world !
game-hours: 88.4
review: I feel as though now is a good time to write a review of Civ V, given the relatively recent release of Civ: Byond Earth. If you are new to the civ franchise BUY THIS GAME. In comparison to Civ: BE, this game is so much more polished and generally better (but only with all the DLC. Without the DLC, Civ BE is better). Once Beyond Earth gets its own share of overpriced but high quality DLC, it will become the go-to Civ game, but right now Civ V is the number one title in the series.
game-hours: 526.1
review: Just... one... more... turn...
game-hours: 285.7
review: Yet another fantastic game from Firaxis. Sid's games all have this 'one more turn' charm, which will eventually get you to play till 6 AM in your underwear and desperatley needing sleep. Every civ is unique and has it's own playstyle, and the difficulty levels are balanced. This game is one of the games I love and will keep playing until I move out or have better things to do. 9/10 would kiss again
game-hours: 227.8
review: This game takes hours to complete a single match. Once played a 6 player multiplayer with my friends, 8 hours later we were not past turn 150, granted some of them were new, but we just couldn't move it along any faster. I love this game, I just wish the multiplayer was somehow more efficient.
game-hours: 103.2
review: Gandhi is Kim-Jung-Un in this universe
game-hours: 249.5
review: Worth the money.
game-hours: 24.6
review: The only game that, through the workshop, I can play as Stalin and go up against the likes of an archdemon and Adolf Hitler. 10/10
game-hours: 250.1
review: I don't know how many times I've said "just one more turn". It's to the point where I can't trust myself... Amazing game!
game-hours: 210.9
review: A really fanatstic with a solid base game and some great DLC. There are also some great mods out there aswell. Some the most fun I've had has been on this game and the multiplayer is really easy to set up and really good fun. There are quite frequent sales for it so maybe worth waiting for one of this.
game-hours: 149.4
review: Favourite game on steam! 10/10 would recommend
game-hours: 364.4
review: One of the most addicting games i have ever played!!! I highly recommend this to anybody to LOVES strategy games! 9.5/10
game-hours: 85.3
review: It's da bes.
game-hours: 42.0
review: a Lovely Game About Growing Your Own Civilisation Then Reking Everything In Site
game-hours: 272.4
review: great game! cant stop playing :)
game-hours: 73.5
review: How to play against AI: 1. Set up a match. 2. Hope Ghandi isn't on of the civs. 3. If he is, end him quickly or befriend him. 4. Hope to God you don't get nuked by him late game.
game-hours: 134.7
review: If your a fan of Strategy games give this game a spin. Civ 5 offers a ton of fun content available to each player with multiple ways to pave the path to victory. The core game itself is a good game. Add Gods and Kings or Brave New World and your playtime basically doubles and triples. Even with all my hours in civ I still don't tire of playing it. 9/10 Would play again.
game-hours: 699.0
review: An amazing game, if you are a turn-base fan than this certainly a game to buy. I do recommed buying the gold version, as the dlcs greatly improve the gameplay. 10/10
game-hours: 26.4
review: its a very fun game i am a big fan of the series but better than beyond earth
game-hours: 393.7
review: France was winning a war and it surrendered half its resources. 10/10
game-hours: 43.7
review: This is a well made Pokemon game, reccommend it to anyone. pokeball/10
game-hours: 480.4
review: This game saved my life from having to revise for exams. 10/10
game-hours: 246.0
review: Good stuff
game-hours: 322.4
review: Just One More Turn....
game-hours: 42.2
review: .
game-hours: 66.0
review: it is a great game with a better system than any civ game to date. settling citys is a bit more difficut but that aside you can make hugre armys easily and crush your enimeys or take the peace and be friendly to everyone make your citizens happy and make trades often once again you should buy this game and play every nation and find the one that fits u great game buy it
game-hours: 10.3
review: Used this game to help me study for a history exam. Got an F. Apparently, the Mongolians didn't wipe out the Chinese with a nuclear weapon. Teacher also says George Washington didn't invent and establish Judaism as the world religion. 10/10 Taught me world history, teachers got their facts worse than Wikipedia
game-hours: 132.3
review: One More turn Syndrome OP
game-hours: 269.4
review: Where do I begin? The countless nights I've stayed up playing this game? The fact that I'm thinking about my current game at work and devising a counter attack? This game is ADDICTING. Do not get it if you don't have time to play. As a turn-based strategy game it gives you enough time to think about what the best course to take would be and then act on it. This doesn't mean it's slow or boring though. I've sunk a couple hundred hours into it and there's still things I'm learning about. I highly, highly recommend this game to anyone and everyone (except maybe COD players).
game-hours: 266.0
review: This game sucks. 10/10
game-hours: 174.5
review: There are whole novels I'm never going to have the time to write because of this dam game 20/10
game-hours: 550.0
review: What if Civilization had lyrics... There's a game called civilization, Where you get your own little nation Be immortal rulers you see With just one click and you can decree  From Civ 1 to Civ Revolution It's your job to find the solution Need advice from somebody wiser? Just ask Elvis he's your advisor. Everybody thinks you're nobody important; if this were fight club you'ld be Edward Norton A gimp, a geek, a shrimp (they call you weak they call you wimp, so lame) Little do they know that you're a man of power! You can conquer people hour after hour! They'd fear you, if they lived In the borders of your Civ! So keep playing Civilization Take good care of your little nation Start a war with Ancient Egyptians Spread your equally valid Religion Win with science, culture or napalm Watch out Ghandi might drop the A-bomb You can show your neighbors you love them Or just beat the dog- out of them When you're playing Civilization History becomes your creation Learn to write before you can read And build the Taj Mahal right in Cleveland Keep your wits and your sence of humor Watch out for that Prick Montezuma (**he's a  bag**) You can change the future a lot-see You can even make Jewish Nazis Civilization is the bomb, I hope they don't drop the ball when they bring it to Facebook.
game-hours: 74.7
review: Backstabbed the US of A with nukes while playing with Ganhdi
game-hours: 390.0
review: 5%5
game-hours: 82.7
review: LOVE THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i have played this game a few times and got into it straight away, fun to play with friends, if you love games where you command a civilization then this is the game for you. eevee gamers know all so you should listen to us
game-hours: 94.4
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V is definately worth a play. Alot of people say it's pretty much Civ 2 with updated graphics, which I donot think is a bad thing.
game-hours: 23.9
review: this is a game i have wanted for a ong time and now i have played it i think it is even better than i could imagin!
game-hours: 71.3
review: Got nuked by Ghandi, he killed millions of my citizens.... if you're reading this send help. Don't trust Ghandi he will borrow your uranium and by borrow i mean turn it into a nuke and give it back in the form of a missile. 10/10 would give Ghandi uranium again.
game-hours: 77.0
review: brother bought the game... steam-shared it to me... two weeks later... i got the game bought by myself
game-hours: 290.6
review: ing Rome.
game-hours: 204.7
review: Sid Meiers Civilization V is a turn based strategy based around the world that gets you so addicted to it you can literally scream just one more turn and have ten or twenty more because its that fun however this game does have its drawbacks. Looking at the game basically there are a few goals that get more and more complicated as you progress throughout the game. These goals may include settling citys with a settler as after you have gone through five hundred to one thousand turns there is hardly any land left to settle on because the AI (the computer) is also taking land. Another one of these goals is science points (how fast you research something in the game) if you get lots of these with buildings or social policys (earned by settling citys and happiness level) you can get better and better at the game for example when you research nuclear fission you get nukes!!! This can cause extreme damages to cities and units around them. Starting you game aiming for science is not a bad idea but if you dont earn enough gold per turn (earned by having buildings or trade routes to other cities) you may fall into debt and if you run out of gold it starts taking your science instead of gold because you have no gold left. And the final goal that gets harder and harder is your happiness level this is how happy your civilians are within the game this falls when your people are unhappy with certain buildings or if falls if you have taken an enemy country however if your happiness falls below zero your cities wont grow and if it falls below ten armies of revolting civilians appear near you capital ad start burning your stuff this may decrease your science or even gold so keep your citys happy. There are many goals of this game that are all very different and special in their own ways. Science - a science victory is where you have to get your capital to produce parts of a rocket and launch them into space however you have to do this before any of the other players. Culture - for a culture victory you have to complete five culture trees which are all roughly made up of five social polices (to get culture you need to be happy and you need to have built buildings that improve your culture per turn) Domination  After a while in your game you can choose to declare war on people and once you completely taken another persons cities they exit the game leaving one less player in the game. Domination victory works by only having you as the last player in the game. In my opinion this is the most fun victory as it happens very late on in the game and is the last victory that can be won. So there are many things in this game I really like the first thing is its simplicity any new player can hop on this game and get the basics in no time at all and it has things for people that are more experienced for example different tactics you can follow to make late or early game more enjoyable. Another thing I really like about Civilization V is the adventure and freedom to explore for example at the beginning of the game you decide what you want to do not someone else as you have the freedom to build scouts and roam the land or just keep to your city. However there are things in this game I really dont like for example the need for DLCs this game is really brought alive with DLCs as they add so much that should have been in the game anyway as well as balancing things that are way to overpowered in the first place like auto heal. (Heals your unit to full health) Another thing I dont like so much about the game is to achieve a domination victory you basically have to disable all of the other victories as domination happens at the last stage of the game whilst all the others finish before it. In this game there is an option to buy DLCs as I slightly spoke about above in what in what I dont like about the game. The first DLC you will hear about is called brave new world and I personally love this DLC it adds so much to your game for example it adds religion which helps your economy and allows you to purchase units cheaper however this comes at a price as other people try to convert your cities and get rid of your perks. Another thing that Brave new world adds is new people and technologies this is a major part of the game and it just makes it more fun for example one of the technologys it adds brings X-com squads to your game and they can parachute 40 tiles away from your territory allow for more dynamic wars. Overall this game is all I ever wanted it literally got me screaming just one more turn and this is why I think this game deserves a 4/5 rating. Its not perfect but if the game included brave new world with it instead of having to buy them separately it would be a 5/5 and a must have to any gamer. Review by James Duncan
game-hours: 35.8
review: my civ was full of illiterate  so i left them for dead to go live the pirate life on the sea. 10/10 would let egypt starve to death again
game-hours: 143.1
review: Gandhi.
game-hours: 323.8
review: War crimes simulator
game-hours: 57.1
review: The best game to play with your friends. It's like MONOPOLY! it ruins friendships.
game-hours: 238.3
review: Best game I've ever played
game-hours: 89.4
review: Awesome game. Some of the best strategy i've ever seen coupled with diplomacy. I recommend it for any strategy player.
game-hours: 187.9
review: oops its 4 am and I have to work today... just one more turn
game-hours: 45.5
review: I had burned the cities of my enemies, explored the world, and finally gotten people to wear my blue jeans. Until Zulu denounced me to everyone because I bought some land on the same continent as him. This immediately threw my relationships with the rest of the world into termoil and turned my allies against me. My only friends to this day are the city-states that were unlucky enough to become caught inside of my great wall. The world burns and the nukes fall on all of their cities, but at least my people are happy because of zoos. 12/10 Better than real history. Without all the genecide... Maybe some of the genecide... Yeah, I lied... There's a lot of genecide.
game-hours: 103.5
review: This is one of THE best games. This is my most played game in my library Not only that, I have a sucky computer. Even then, I can fully enjoy the game. Honestly, I don't care what anyone else has said, GET THE GAME! You will love it. Well, if you like turnbased strategy games. Want me to tell you the best part of the game? Having a full blown nuclear WW3 at the end of the game. Seriously, get the freaking game!
game-hours: 24.4
review: It's so easy to lose hours of time playing this game, and it's easy to have fun advancing your civ and plotting against other civs. Amazing game.
game-hours: 520.1
review: hours of fun with friends
game-hours: 142.6
review: Oh my god i spent 2.49 on this in the summer sale two years ago thinking it would run its course of being fun for a while and then give up on me after a few months yet it didnt, i love this game so much it is soooo addictive!
game-hours: 72.9
review: This gam is ursum
game-hours: 150.1
review: Been playing the Civ series for more than 10 years and I'm still learning how to play.
game-hours: 305.8
review: The first Civ game I've played and probably will stick as one of my favorites, though Civ V on it's own isn't that great. I'd recommend getting G&K and BNW with Civilization V.
game-hours: 121.4
review: This is a review of the Complete Edition, experience may be vastly different for standalone. I have held off on the review until I finally broke the 100 hour mark, due to exploring everything the game has to offer.On that note let me tell you a hundred hours is not enough to explore everything, the game has a large selection of civilisations to play as and I in these hundred hours have only completed about 6 full matches.I have only played as six of the forty three civilisations and I can tell you from the Aztecs to the Polish there is something there for you.The game is really easy to get into, unlike some strategy games but the game takes time and will no doubt consume you. So lets get on with this: BUY IT NOW! But all joking aside if you are remotely interested try the demo, it gives you a sample bite that isn't even a percent of the full game's experience. So if you are new or a veteran of turn based strategy you should give this game a shot, as it is definitely worth the price.(Or you could wait for the sales that pop up every few weeks)
game-hours: 72.9
review: This gam is ursum
game-hours: 305.8
review: The first Civ game I've played and probably will stick as one of my favorites, though Civ V on it's own isn't that great. I'd recommend getting G&K and BNW with Civilization V.
game-hours: 150.1
review: Been playing the Civ series for more than 10 years and I'm still learning how to play.
game-hours: 50.9
review: Great for someone who loves strategy game, Civilization V is a recommended title for someone who loves hanging out with friends, and eventually, nuking the living crap out of them.
game-hours: 49.5
review: Simply Astounding! One of the best strategic games ever! will keep you hooked until you realize its like 3:30 am, then your like " i better sleep so i can wake up and play more of this AMAZING game!" It is also a great way to take a bored day and turn it into a acomplished day full of choosing productions!
game-hours: 159.9
review: Best game ever, the ultimate game to play with 2-infinity friends, although you NEED TO BUY THE DLC in order for the game to really shine.
game-hours: 210.8
review: 10/10 lliek cod pros liek cod kill russians gay cons bad its gay liek cod kill russians
game-hours: 278.8
review: This game is so sick. I have 170+ hours on this game. Its beautilful to see your own civilization grow and it makes you appreciate the finer things like how other rulers can be backstabing s who will let you have pearls for 30 turns for you wine, bannanas, citrus, copper, iron, and 300 gold then to suddenly launch a preemptive strike on Krakow, you most prized city and the wheat capital for all civs. A word of warning for those who I have convinced to get the game, MONTEZUMA DOES NOT WEAR PANTS. When you meet him, tell him Pat sent ya. And if he tells you to settle your cities elsewhere, tell him to put on some pants.
game-hours: 256.8
review: My friend always builds the Great Library before me. But sometimes I build it first and he asks for a restart. Everytime he gets it I just try to kill him. I team up with the other friend that plays to kill him. We fail. Our empires get nuked. We rage quit. He always wins and keeps playing by himself just to try to capture all our empires. 200 hours go by. 10/10 Would try to build the Great Library again.
game-hours: 146.8
review: Super fun game, very easy to lose yourself in it.
game-hours: 150.6
review: i suck at rts
game-hours: 64.5
review: Ghandia is a warmonger and nukes everything. 8/8
game-hours: 69.7
review: It is unbelievable how fun this game is, it has you working through the ages to grow and culture an empire to rule the world with.
game-hours: 80.8
review: nuked houston to defend houston 10/10
game-hours: 256.8
review: My friend always builds the Great Library before me. But sometimes I build it first and he asks for a restart. Everytime he gets it I just try to kill him. I team up with the other friend that plays to kill him. We fail. Our empires get nuked. We rage quit. He always wins and keeps playing by himself just to try to capture all our empires. 200 hours go by. 10/10 Would try to build the Great Library again.
game-hours: 190.8
review: I bang of this game, i love quirky dialogue and getting bumed is also fun, back to the game, i love it with all my heart and it has almost infinite replayability and it has found a place in my eye. And with add on packs such as Gods and Kings, layers upon layers of pure golden gameplay (See what I did there) are added into the game, I would recommend this to anyone who doesnt have any mental issue, or is crazy in the head (You know the head im talking about). Anyway its a great bangable game and It will stay in my steam library for ever and ever and i might do a jiggle with it.
game-hours: 362.7
review: A great game for lovers of stratagy, Be warned there is no such thing as a 'quick game' so be prepared to invest alot of hours into it. (Oh and be careful of ghandi, if he can nuke you by god he will.)
game-hours: 415.0
review: If I've wasted 400 hours of my life on this game, you know its good.
game-hours: 149.7
review: One of my most favorite strategic games. You can play as most of the countries , like for instance you can conquer the world as Gandhi (Yes like in previous games leaders don't die) The music is really nice, it fits everytime. For instance when you are in war with somebody you have 'Hans Zimmer-ish' music and when everything is fine you can hear piano music. Yes the music can become irritating but there are mods AND THERE'S A LOT OF THEM but i'll write about them later. Now-gameplay wise you won't be needing any of hard working, but you can do whole a lot in the actual game. From changing city name to sending spies to other city. Yes, in mid-game you can unlock spies and send them to other countries either as diplomats or spies. It's always fun to see those country leaders react to you eather you trade with them, start war or befriend they always talk in their native language. Now DLC... It's useless if there won't be leaders as DLC because story isn't the most hardest thing. DLC's contain few leaders and boring stories + maps. Graphics are highly good, just look at the water! And the last but not least MODS! You can do a lot of thing from "smartening" AI to playing as Arsotzka(Papers please) And since steam workshops supports Civilization its easier now. The price is okay for this game. And so with those words i end my review here.
game-hours: 149.7
review: One of my most favorite strategic games. You can play as most of the countries , like for instance you can conquer the world as Gandhi (Yes like in previous games leaders don't die) The music is really nice, it fits everytime. For instance when you are in war with somebody you have 'Hans Zimmer-ish' music and when everything is fine you can hear piano music. Yes the music can become irritating but there are mods AND THERE'S A LOT OF THEM but i'll write about them later. Now-gameplay wise you won't be needing any of hard working, but you can do whole a lot in the actual game. From changing city name to sending spies to other city. Yes, in mid-game you can unlock spies and send them to other countries either as diplomats or spies. It's always fun to see those country leaders react to you eather you trade with them, start war or befriend they always talk in their native language. Now DLC... It's useless if there won't be leaders as DLC because story isn't the most hardest thing. DLC's contain few leaders and boring stories + maps. Graphics are highly good, just look at the water! And the last but not least MODS! You can do a lot of thing from "smartening" AI to playing as Arsotzka(Papers please) And since steam workshops supports Civilization its easier now. The price is okay for this game. And so with those words i end my review here.
game-hours: 79.2
review: One word. Ghandi.
game-hours: 27.7
review: i dont know how to play it and i still win
game-hours: 89.4
review: swaggy
game-hours: 233.3
review: The best game, cant wait for Beyond Earth!
game-hours: 82.6
review: This game is an excellent upgrade from Civilization IV. They removed the SuperStacks of soldiers and limited it to one type of unit per tile and that is a major improvement. The base civilizations are varied and some are from more hidden parts of History, which is a nice change of pace. The new tile design of hexagons is also a nice change, helping with a strategy change. However, one of my gripes are the achievements. You get them by just playing the game. Eliminate another civ, upgrade a unit, find ruins, etc... Even though they have no gameplay impact it is offputting to see supposed "achievements" in the grand scheme of Human Achievement those may be, but in this sort of game setting they are not applicable. Overall, a great upgrade from Civ IV that gets rid of the unnessecary while keeping the fundamentals intact.
game-hours: 38.6
review: easiest way to lose 24 hours of your life
game-hours: 131.1
review: Yo yo yo, I ain't thinkin about this, because it is like a butterfly in the sky. I ain't going to commit to the system.
game-hours: 64.2
review: in this video game sid myers civ 5 you take control of a country of your choosing which, if you'r not a baka gaijin, would be the glorious nation of nippon ((tahts japan for u stupid foreighner)) to defeat the horrible western country called "america" for not understanding the medium of anime which, as i have said 10 oku times, is totally different from your'e stupid childish idiot cartoon!!!! this game is a lot of fun and reminds me somehat of japans' own fire emblem video game series but they forgot the most important part of the japanese culture,, anime!!,, the developers (square enix?) have thankfully added the map of japan as a playable stage which is glorious and also the only map i ever play.. this game is fairly old but the developers (atlus?) added many epic expansions such as the gods and kings expansion which is by far the best as it adds religion and the greatest religion there is!! shinto!! straight from japan!! you can also make your own religions and spread it to other countries and they will, if they understand ANYTHING, accept shinto as their one true religion and then u win the game because uh beliefing in shinto is winning in real life as im shore a smart fellow such as youreself can undersand! i will give this game a full 10/10 for its love for japan, but take that down to a 9 as i cant call my cities  so i just call it tky or east capital instead. buy this game. this is lewis-dono signing out!!!
game-hours: 318.6
review: Fun to play.
game-hours: 68.2
review: Yes
game-hours: 6.8
review: I REACHED THE GOLDEN AGE MOTHRERS! 10/10
game-hours: 669.0
review: This game is one of the best strategy games out there right now, and that's saying something. This is definitely the best gateway into strategy games you can find and it is well worth it. ESSPECIALLY if you have both expansions. The game changes so much even in asthetics between Gods and Kings and Brave New World. BNW definitely completes the game, and I find it only in very specific situations that I play a game without it. Once you get used to the system, I promise you you'll find out what civs you want to always ally or always destroy for personal achievement and not just the sake of progress. Definitely a must-have strategy game.
game-hours: 53.9
review: this is good
game-hours: 247.6
review: I got addicted to it
game-hours: 222.7
review: I love this game!
game-hours: 275.6
review: its a great game till gandhi gets a nuke so make sure hes gondhi before he can do manhattan
game-hours: 102.9
review: diz gam is like 10.5/10 rly well developed gam wp rito wp
game-hours: 354.9
review: Destroy any sympathetic/peaceful bone in your body with Sid Meier's War Simulator V (now with real extinct languages!)
game-hours: 41.8
review: This game is so good, the damn Greeks... too friendly with everyone. I can't invade anywhere without starting a war with them. 10/10 Would play again.
game-hours: 288.4
review: So addictive its almost a bad thing... almost.
game-hours: 459.7
review: Better than beyond earth.And i recommend::::::BUY DLCs
game-hours: 228.4
review: This is a good game once you get the hang of it Fun solo and multiplayer
game-hours: 9.2
review: 8PM: I just want try to play; 3AM: What? Is it too late?Oh doesn`t matter let`s keep playing.
game-hours: 193.5
review: I play this too much...
game-hours: 130.5
review: so much fun with friends
game-hours: 368.0
review: Gandhi threatend to nuke me if i didn't recommend this game
game-hours: 68.3
review: - takes someones worker thats right next to my border at 1600 BC - said person declares war and denounces me then takes out one of my cities - its now 2000 AD - Still at war because of a worker 11/10
game-hours: 3.8
review: 1. You meet Gandhi as you find Uranium shortly after 2. You both become allies after his struggle for food in his civilization 3. Gandhi starts to look suspicious after the local uranium is mined 4. Your halfway through to building your spaceship 5. Gandhi suddenly allies with someone else 6. Gandhi betrays you and declares war 7. You create nukes to nuke him but your realise he has already made nukes 8. Gandhi Nukes your Civlization and every other leader 9. You regret meeting Gandhi 10. Gandhi wins the game by finishing his spaceship and sending it to space 11. You tableflip and throw your PC out the window. 10/10 Would get nuked and rage again.
game-hours: 5.2
review: Got nuked by ghandi when I was still in the ancient era. 10/10
game-hours: 24.1
review: this is good game
game-hours: 414.8
review: ! It's morning already!? 10/10
game-hours: 573.4
review: i like things, they make games much beterer
game-hours: 4.2
review: u can play as ghandi and kill ppl 9/10
game-hours: 33.3
review: My high-end military rocket artillery unit just exploded because of an arrow that hit it. 10/10
game-hours: 50.6
review: A great timesink! A Few hours will fly by really quickly.
game-hours: 49.3
review: I used to go outside everyday, then i started playing Civ, now im inside all day playing this, thanks!!!
game-hours: 414.2
review: How is it 4 in the morning?
game-hours: 176.2
review: My friends now hate me 10\10
game-hours: 127.6
review: doing this for xp
game-hours: 350.1
review: A great addition to the Civilization line.
game-hours: 136.2
review: You will play for hours
game-hours: 13.2
review: Insanely addictive, and great for newcomers to the Civilization series and to 4X games in general.
game-hours: 59.8
review: Great turn-based strategy game with beautiful graphics and tons of neat DLCs. If your computer has the power to run this, I would highly recommend it.
game-hours: 185.5
review: A game about growing cities and giant people and animals that protect them. Gandhi nukes/10
game-hours: 179.2
review: civ is good
game-hours: 23.3
review: 10/10 would nuke my friends again
game-hours: 25.7
review: Like sometimes ytou have to  all over georgew washington but then aids appens and elizabth destroys u
game-hours: 50.1
review: Its a realy fun turnbased strategy game, realy fun to play with 1-3 friends
game-hours: 116.3
review: Watch out, this is addictive as hell. People be talk bout turns like cigs, always "Just one more..." then they dead.
game-hours: 333.2
review: If you're a fan of this genre of games, Civ 5 is for you. This game really isn't advised for people who like fast paced games, as even on the "quick" mode, matches still tend to last hours. It's still really fun though, going from a small city to a huge empire spanning the entire map. If you have friends to play this game with, you really should do that, as I've played games with a group of friends for hours and we have had a blast. 6/10 bretty good
game-hours: 65.3
review: Being the fifth in the series, there could be some people that say it's on its last legs. They're wrong. Not only does this game have addicting game elements, from a game design standpoint, its phenomenal. The hexagon grid style is perfect for this type of game, and the jump from the fourth is outrageous. New players can easily get into this game, as it has a plethora of game options to make it unique for the player's skill level. The game uses the concept of technology trees, which means in order to obtain this ability, you must obtain this, in which to obtain this you must research this, etc. There are also time options for how long you want the game to last. Playing a game on quick makes it pretty fast and takes a small amount of turns to complete. Epic on the other hand invloves an all in commitment and I have competeted one epic game, which was possibly the best game of Civilization V I've played... for now. This game also has Steam Workshop, which adds new civilizations and areas. But along with pros, there are cons. Something that I must say is the worst is the way the workers work. They occasionally just stop doing whatever when you set them on automated, and then next thing you know they get captured during a war. Absolutely ridiculous. Another thing is the amount of DLC for the game, it's outrageous, but the Gods and Kings DLC is probably the best, but these could have been just updates for free and I would still love it. Do I recommend it? Absolutely. 9/10, Sucks a lot of time, but it's totally worth it to see the Roman Empire take over the earth.
game-hours: 362.7
review: A great game for lovers of stratagy, Be warned there is no such thing as a 'quick game' so be prepared to invest alot of hours into it. (Oh and be careful of ghandi, if he can nuke you by god he will.)
game-hours: 415.0
review: If I've wasted 400 hours of my life on this game, you know its good.
game-hours: 149.7
review: One of my most favorite strategic games. You can play as most of the countries , like for instance you can conquer the world as Gandhi (Yes like in previous games leaders don't die) The music is really nice, it fits everytime. For instance when you are in war with somebody you have 'Hans Zimmer-ish' music and when everything is fine you can hear piano music. Yes the music can become irritating but there are mods AND THERE'S A LOT OF THEM but i'll write about them later. Now-gameplay wise you won't be needing any of hard working, but you can do whole a lot in the actual game. From changing city name to sending spies to other city. Yes, in mid-game you can unlock spies and send them to other countries either as diplomats or spies. It's always fun to see those country leaders react to you eather you trade with them, start war or befriend they always talk in their native language. Now DLC... It's useless if there won't be leaders as DLC because story isn't the most hardest thing. DLC's contain few leaders and boring stories + maps. Graphics are highly good, just look at the water! And the last but not least MODS! You can do a lot of thing from "smartening" AI to playing as Arsotzka(Papers please) And since steam workshops supports Civilization its easier now. The price is okay for this game. And so with those words i end my review here.
game-hours: 40.6
review: Very good game, highly recommend, but only if you're going to play in a group of 4+ people. Single player gets very repetitive and boring, but in a group of friends, it can get competitive and will last for hours. Graphics aren't bad, and the view/ controls are simple but more than enough for what you need to do!
game-hours: 238.6
review: One of the best strategy games i've ever played, its amazingly quite easy to learn, but still has alot to offer past that, I would reccomend this game to anyone who has played strategy, and who has not, because of the game's ability to teach you fast and suck you in.
game-hours: 439.4
review: soooo addicting, one of the best games :D
game-hours: 6.8
review: I REACHED THE GOLDEN AGE MOTHRERS! 10/10
game-hours: 510.1
review: amazing
game-hours: 139.0
review: Much play, so amaze, very wow.
game-hours: 187.3
review: One more turn....One more....another!.....just one more!......please help!......one....more...turn...
game-hours: 69.1
review: iz gud gaim, but costs lots of money money cash to buy all dlc for best x-perience
game-hours: 69.9
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V please let me sleep! This game is fantastic, i can't stop playing from late evening till 6 am. The game pulls you into a timeless zone, where 8 hours feels like 2. Great replay-ability, super fun game, can't stop playing it. Say goodbye too your social life! 10/10 would play till early morning again.
game-hours: 65.9
review: Awsome!
game-hours: 5.7
review: I really like this game!
game-hours: 667.1
review: i fap to this
game-hours: 172.6
review: One of the Best strategy, Turn-Based games i've ever played, but the thing about this game is that it becomes REALLY interesting when you buy 2 DLCs, which are Gods and Kings and Brave New World, without them game looks kinda "Unfinished". But overall: No DLCs - 7/10 With 2 DLCs - 10/10 Would recommend!
game-hours: 964.4
review: Amazing game imo, but only fun for people who are patient and enjoy long strategy games
game-hours: 244.5
review: One of the best games i have ever bought!
game-hours: 39.7
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V is a Grand Strategy game that uses a hex based tile system, in basic terms its at heart a really huge board game. The player builds his civilization starting with a single settler and a warrior, builds his capital city and continues to create his own religion(gods and Kings), amass great armies and even construct wonders. CIv 5s gameplay is somewhat simpler to first pick up than its roots and this gives new players a fairly easy time playing it,along with rewarding long time players for their time from a deeper complex metagame. Single player games will last anything from 5 to well literally hundreds of hours every playthrough offering a pretty unique experience. The game also offers a large choice of well balanced civilisations to choose from and also a huge selection of unique maps of many sizes. When this is combined with steamworks modding community the possibilities are close to infinite, from Lord of the rings style maps to mass effect. The games Graphics are clear and well optimised, the game giving you the option to play in Dx9,10,11 and even a windows 8 touch enabled mode. The game also feature an 2D overview mode if the 3D interface becomes too complex.The soundtrack is epic and in those long LONG games it keeps you immersed and it has enough variety that repetition is rarely noticed. The online of Civ5 is really where it shines, although the occasional network bug will desync the game, the majority of the time if your connection is stable you will have a great multiplayer experience. With the Brave new worlds expansion There is now three multiplayer modes to choose from: Standard, Hot Seat and Pit Boss. Hotseat is the most unique of these allowing multiple people to play a game on one machine offline taking turns to play. Pit Boss uses a dedicated server to host the game for those long term games. The games standard mode also features both Lan and online play. A fantastic Grand Strategy game, Be prepared to burn 100's of hours playing games with your friends that you will likely never get to the end of and will keep you entertained with its depth and creativity, its a must have pc title.
game-hours: 312.8
review: The best strategy game after Civilization
game-hours: 135.6
review: God dang it Japan, that country ain't right.
game-hours: 524.8
review: So culture Very strategy Wow
game-hours: 391.7
review: Briiliant gameplay. A significant improvement from Civilization IV.
game-hours: 23.9
review: It's a very civilized game.
game-hours: 1042.1
review: Fantastic game, so many civs you can play as. If you love strategy games then you'll love this one. It's great on it's own but even better with the dlc's. It requires skill, patience and determination as there's many ways to win e.g. domination, culture, science etc.. I highly recommend it.
game-hours: 133.7
review: softcore grand strategy, adequate amount of options and gameplay elements to keep you interested, extremely active community and a learning curve that WILL NOT leave you hunging, never overwhelms with info or anything like that. recommended for new players and "veterans" alike 4/5.
game-hours: 28.9
review: Addicting Game that will get you playing for Hours, dont let the graphics fool you although its not much the gameplay hooks you up into a whole new level
game-hours: 78.3
review: IT IS LIKE CRACK COCAINE TO ME!
game-hours: 42.2
review: Do not buy before any period of strenuous academic testing.
game-hours: 195.7
review: Great game - buy the DLCs though, they are worth it.
game-hours: 76.8
review: Como um grande f de jogos de estratgia, eu afirmo sem dvidas que civilization atingiu o pice do gnero nesta verso do game. Recomendo  todos que gostam de pensar e desenvolver estratgias, pois possui quase infinitas possiblidades e mundos diferentes. As a big fan of strategy games, i can say that this game goes further than any other game from this genre. I recommend to all people who like to think about new strategies, because it have like infinite ways to play, possibilities and worlds.
game-hours: 269.4
review: Sid Meier's Civilisation V has been said to be more crippling to one's life than a heavy heroin addiction, and I think this could not be more true! The game causes arguments between friends, because, like the Nigerian child slavery business, it is highly competitive, but also fun for all ages 10+. I know my wife left me after I beat her, as a result of her winning a science victory when I was one turn away, ONE ING TURN!!!! . This game can be played alone, or with friends, but I only play alone. The best civilisation is the USA civilisation. When they enter the industrial era, you can use your "McDonalds Farming in Africa" ability to cripple other civilisations such as Ethiopia, with a secondary obesity disadvantage to other 'First-World' civilisations. The one weakness of the American civilisation is only available to exploit after the construction of the monument 'The Twin Towers'. (     ) My other favorite civillisation is the Japanese civilisation. Their special ability is the '' or 'Kamikaze' ability, which destroys your unit in a fiery blaze of glory, while dealing an immense amount of damage to the enemy western devils. My least favorite cilvisation is the Aztec civilisation, because their leader, 'Montecarlo' always decides to attack me, even when I have the stronger army, and while everyone else has firearms, the Aztecs are stuck in leopard suits, using what seems to be a rudimentray scarecrow as a weapon. ING CROWS STEALING MY MAIZE. The game has added many interesting features, such as religion, economics, science...*yawn* Basically Sid has mocked me by introducing every subject I failed dismally at school into the game as some sort of 'message', yeah well... well...  YOU SID. You can found one of 8 different religions, each as tedious as the next! And the science tree isn't much better, in fact its actually quite revealing about the sick minds of the developers. For example, one of the first techs you require is 'Animal Husbandry'. Yes, thats right folks! And if you thought besitality was abhorrent, you will be disgusted to know the game also includes quotes from George Bush Jr. All in all, much like a heroin addict is to heroin, you will find this game addictive and draining, enjoyable to an almost euphoric level, and you won't be able to quit buying more. (ing Sid and his never ending DLC, I mean, the game came out in 2010 for s sake, and they're still milking the market.) 220/214 (OH YISS GOLDEN AGE MOTHER ER)
game-hours: 242.8
review: This game is a lot of fun especialy if you have freinds but even as a single player expirence it is very fun and i would recomend it however the peformance is not a amzing but not unplayable.
game-hours: 698.1
review: One of the best Strategy games i have ever played
game-hours: 231.8
review: You need to have a heavy pair of cujones to handle this game. Fortunately for me, the good lord has blessed me with said pair.
game-hours: 28.7
review: Civilization V is probably the best balance of in depth customization mixed with easy accessablility. It can be as hard as you want it to be, or it can be very easy to allow you to learn the mechanics. I've played through a few games, and I'm very impressed with the way this game feels and plays. I know when it comes to civilization games, nostalgia runs wild and everyone always thinks the older ones are superior. But I honestly think, combined with at least the gods and kings expasion, this is the best Civilization game to date. If you're interested in this game, you have to at least get the gold edition. This game feels pretty incomplete without the gods and kings expansion, but with it, it feels perfect. I haven't gotten Brave New World, but I hear it is amazing. Anyway, Civilization V is highly recommended by me, and should be picked up by any strategy/civilization fan.
game-hours: 59.6
review: If I had to rate "Civilization V" I would give it a 4/5. Very addictive game, you will spend countless hours playing this game and lose track of time. (I once played this game from 4pm to around 6 or 7am...needless to say I slept for 48 hours.) I have only played the base game, or vanilla game (Just "Civilization V and no expansions") so I am pretty sure once you get the expansions as well you will lose more hours having fun (I have also heard good things about "Brave New World" and plan on buying it in the future.) It is true though, that this game holds your hand throughout the game compared to previous Civilizations games, but it doesn't stop you from playing the game. The controls and the UI: - The controls for movement, attack, defend and general scrolling are spot on and easy to use with a great feel towards them. - The UI (User Interface) however is somewhat complex and scattered throughout your screen rather messily, it will take some time to get to know the UI but once you figure it out you will stroll right through it. Gameplay and general: - The "leaders" of the civilizations when in the negotiating screen are just simply amazing to look at, great detail has went into them....the problem with this though is that you will get fed up looking at them from time to time and just end up declaring war on them...just because you can. - "Advisors" in the game are supposed to advise you in what to do next...However...they are completly useless and their advise is rubbish... never trust an advisor, they plan to take over. - AI (Aritificial Intelligence) are somewhat dumb at times, I played a single player game on the hardest difficulty (Deity) and within 2 turns of starting the game, every single civilization declared war on me and within 3 turns destroyed me with triple the amount of units I was able to put out. I tried again, this time Germany and japan declared war on me before the end of my first turn...heh. - "City states" are states that you can trade with or annex/raze, the easiest thng to do with them is to Annex them as after a certain amount of time they tend to get annoying.. but don't capture many of them as they will all become in a permanent state of war with you (But oddly enough hardly ever attack you) - When starting a game, it has alot of options to choose from, and can greatly enhance the experience. - Steam "Workshop" is the best addition to the game...the mods are glorious, the community is glorious, everything is glorious. the sheer amount of mods available is just mind-boggling. Overall: Overall, if I had to rate this game I would give it a 4 out of 5 stars, the sheer enjoyment I got from it is amazing (even though I've only played it for 30 hours, I want to play it more but got other stuff to do as well). I can't rate the multiplayer aspect of this game as I am too "Scared" to get my noobiness owned :) buy it, it is worth it!!!
game-hours: 2.6
review: Good Gameplay, Like This game, i more like AGe Of Empires, but this one is Good tooooo.......................... 9.5/10 RECOMMENDED
game-hours: 192.9
review: IF YOU DONT LIKE THIS GAME YOUR SCUM
game-hours: 107.8
review: This is as good as grandmother's compotts mixed with goat's cheese
game-hours: 116.9
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V is an excellent strategy game for gamers of all ages. It is well-made and entertaining. I would give this masterpiece five stars out of a maximum of five stars.
game-hours: 256.0
review: Civilization V projects a sense of quality that few 4X games can match. That's not to say that the game play is perfect, or there aren't minor issues to solve, however the quality of the game itself is unmatched in the current market. The UI is crisp and intuitive (a pitfall of many 4X games), the menus are clear and precise, and the overall feel of the game is wonderful. The only real complaint that I have is regarding the AI. On higher difficulties, the AI is simply given absurd bonuses of gold and happiness modifies to make them more of a threat. Non-combat victories become extremely more difficult to attain than combat victories (however to be fair, this is a rational process in some ways, and the latest expansion did help with that aspect). Once your borders are touching an AI civ, it's generally going to end in them declaring war on you. However, as far as 4X games though, this is absolutely worth a try.
game-hours: 172.7
review: I like role playing as the glorious female leader of Carthage.
game-hours: 347.8
review: yes
game-hours: 37.0
review: Brave New World makes this incredible!
game-hours: 190.8
review: This is a must buy
game-hours: 1.3
review: The best friendship ruiner ever.
game-hours: 67.6
review: notbad.jpg
game-hours: 254.0
review: Pretty solid game - definitely the best in this genre to date. DLCs are a must buy, especially for multiplayer, so expect to buy the complete edition. Overall a really great game to play while watching TV or drinking heavily.
game-hours: 40.8
review: Good fun for all the family, bar Flow.
game-hours: 40.6
review: Very good game, highly recommend, but only if you're going to play in a group of 4+ people. Single player gets very repetitive and boring, but in a group of friends, it can get competitive and will last for hours. Graphics aren't bad, and the view/ controls are simple but more than enough for what you need to do!
game-hours: 238.6
review: One of the best strategy games i've ever played, its amazingly quite easy to learn, but still has alot to offer past that, I would reccomend this game to anyone who has played strategy, and who has not, because of the game's ability to teach you fast and suck you in.
game-hours: 439.4
review: soooo addicting, one of the best games :D
game-hours: 256.3
review: Very fun game for when your bored. Definitly recomended.
game-hours: 141.5
review: ing great.
game-hours: 164.0
review: Sic game blud. Terrible to play with friends as it takes forever to finish as people always leave. LIKE JOE. YEAH THANKS A BUNCH JOE.
game-hours: 120.1
review: THIS GAME ENCOURAGES GOOD
game-hours: 842.5
review: my favorite strategy game of all times! my first civ was Sid meier's Civilization Revolution on Xbox, it was just awsome!
game-hours: 39.7
review: Here's the concept - You get to be the english empire(other inferior civilizations are available) and take over EVERY other civilization in the world. Also, sometimes you get to have what can losely be called a "war" with the French. This is a must have game, it is genuinely fun with friends and even singleplayer.
game-hours: 208.5
review: Let me just say that Sid Meier's Civilization V is a f*cking masterpiece. You read that right, a f*cking masterpiece. When I first started I was like holy sh*t, this thing more complicated than my English class. But then you get the hang of it and you fall in love. Civ is like a drug. But a good drug. You get addicted. You play endlessly for hours. But are you ashamed? No. You're just proud. F*cking proud. Because you had a good time. The first time you take over a city in this game is just...magical. It's like when you lose your virginity to a magnificient lass. I haven't lost my virginity yet but I'm only hoping it'll be half as good as playing civ. It'll have to be extremely good (and I mean extremely good) if it wants to beat playing civ. If you're on the fence on deciding whether to buy civ or not, get our dumbass off of that fence and buy it already. I have spent over 150 hours on it in just a few months and I'm not even a #HARDKORE gamer. Seriously, buy it. That feeling you have of running the greatest empire in the entire world is unparalleled
game-hours: 38.5
review: Great game!
game-hours: 510.1
review: amazing
game-hours: 45.3
review: This game is a game for a stragist - it is a adaptive game in which anything you do can change the out come of the game and in my oppinion has been well designed to challange the user
game-hours: 95.8
review: swag
game-hours: 315.6
review: Surpassing 250+ hours and counting, Civ V is and will continue to be the greatest strategy game of all time. Nothing I've ever come across can top the attention to detail, the vast number of playable nations, or the replayability of Civilization V and I've played a LOT of strategy games. There's a reason this is #1 on my Steam list for games played. It's outstanding.
game-hours: 112.5
review: this game is terrific and fun to play with friends
game-hours: 1111.5
review: Brilliant game - one of them games I do not quit ;)
game-hours: 104.8
review: One time I pee'd in someones pool while standing on the outside of it. Good game.
game-hours: 33.5
review: This is where Strategy, tactics and the power of your mind comes into actionm this breathtaking new addtion to the series is the best, most powerful and well done game to hit the PC yet, also reccomend the Civ Revoultion along with teh spectacular new DLC gods and kings which starts to bring a whole new aspect of endurance reations and quick thinking into your own world, your own hero, you are the leader of the revoultion of strategy gaming at its best...
game-hours: 215.5
review: The Flagship Turn-Based Strategy Game Returns Become Ruler of the World by establishing and leading a civilization from the dawn of man into the space age: Wage war, conduct diplomacy, discover new technologies, go head-to-head with some of historys greatest leaders and build the most powerful empire the world has ever known. Or you could just nuke everyone. Same thing.
game-hours: 154.5
review: We r le illuminaty if u don't upvote dis revie u will get ddosed ur PC we r generus gods so u will get 1.00000000000000000000000000% in ur wallet if u do dis   be aware we r coming 4 u
game-hours: 26.3
review: i would reccomend this game purely because its a good brain thinking stratagy game that really gets you thinking.
game-hours: 416.4
review: Well this game is pure awesome. Ever had a fantasy of conquering the world? Step right up! The game puts you in the shoes of an immortal leader with full authority. Forge the destiny of your chosen civilizations with every choice you make.
game-hours: 1.8
review: The first time u play this: brain.exe has stopped working
game-hours: 297.4
review: , ..
game-hours: 19.9
review: Just. One. More. Turn.
game-hours: 16.9
review: if you look closely the V in fact is not a roman numerial, it actually spells out Virginity
game-hours: 8.0
review: Knowing I had to be in bed within 1 hour, I opened this game. 5 hours later I went to bed and still made it to work on time the next morning. Success. Would recommend if you don't have a life.
game-hours: 275.6
review: its a great game till gandhi gets a nuke so make sure hes gondhi before he can do manhattan
game-hours: 95.8
review: swag
game-hours: 533.0
review: If you want to be manly and own one of the most sexy, realistic and educational (no one cares about that) stategy game evvvvvvvvvvverrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!!!!!!! Then don't get Age of Empires get Sid Meiers Civilization 5. Warning! Game is only fun with gods and kings and brave new worlds, I recomend you stay away from babylon because they are the most OP Civ in the game this game cannot protect from doing homework it does the exact opposite of that we are not responsible of friend loss or any finger loss Sid Meier not included
game-hours: 5.2
review: This game is super addicting, it's enormous fun. With the Steam Workshop, hundreds of custom content are at your fingertips to control.
game-hours: 164.0
review: Sic game blud. Terrible to play with friends as it takes forever to finish as people always leave. LIKE JOE. YEAH THANKS A BUNCH JOE.
game-hours: 120.1
review: THIS GAME ENCOURAGES GOOD
game-hours: 45.3
review: This game is a game for a stragist - it is a adaptive game in which anything you do can change the out come of the game and in my oppinion has been well designed to challange the user
game-hours: 318.6
review: Fun to play.
game-hours: 33.5
review: This is where Strategy, tactics and the power of your mind comes into actionm this breathtaking new addtion to the series is the best, most powerful and well done game to hit the PC yet, also reccomend the Civ Revoultion along with teh spectacular new DLC gods and kings which starts to bring a whole new aspect of endurance reations and quick thinking into your own world, your own hero, you are the leader of the revoultion of strategy gaming at its best...
game-hours: 215.5
review: The Flagship Turn-Based Strategy Game Returns Become Ruler of the World by establishing and leading a civilization from the dawn of man into the space age: Wage war, conduct diplomacy, discover new technologies, go head-to-head with some of historys greatest leaders and build the most powerful empire the world has ever known. Or you could just nuke everyone. Same thing.
game-hours: 130.3
review: I modded this game and destroyed the vanilla version. 0/10 no multiplayer mod support.
game-hours: 208.5
review: Let me just say that Sid Meier's Civilization V is a f*cking masterpiece. You read that right, a f*cking masterpiece. When I first started I was like holy sh*t, this thing more complicated than my English class. But then you get the hang of it and you fall in love. Civ is like a drug. But a good drug. You get addicted. You play endlessly for hours. But are you ashamed? No. You're just proud. F*cking proud. Because you had a good time. The first time you take over a city in this game is just...magical. It's like when you lose your virginity to a magnificient lass. I haven't lost my virginity yet but I'm only hoping it'll be half as good as playing civ. It'll have to be extremely good (and I mean extremely good) if it wants to beat playing civ. If you're on the fence on deciding whether to buy civ or not, get our dumbass off of that fence and buy it already. I have spent over 150 hours on it in just a few months and I'm not even a #HARDKORE gamer. Seriously, buy it. That feeling you have of running the greatest empire in the entire world is unparalleled
game-hours: 38.5
review: Great game!
game-hours: 104.8
review: One time I pee'd in someones pool while standing on the outside of it. Good game.
game-hours: 107.8
review: This is as good as grandmother's compotts mixed with goat's cheese
game-hours: 67.6
review: notbad.jpg
game-hours: 1524.5
review: I'll let my 4-digit hours logged speak for themselves.
game-hours: 65.9
review: Awsome!
game-hours: 5.7
review: I really like this game!
game-hours: 667.1
review: i fap to this
game-hours: 21.8
review: I'm sorry washington.....
game-hours: 139.0
review: Much play, so amaze, very wow.
game-hours: 187.3
review: One more turn....One more....another!.....just one more!......please help!......one....more...turn...
game-hours: 116.9
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V is an excellent strategy game for gamers of all ages. It is well-made and entertaining. I would give this masterpiece five stars out of a maximum of five stars.
game-hours: 256.0
review: Civilization V projects a sense of quality that few 4X games can match. That's not to say that the game play is perfect, or there aren't minor issues to solve, however the quality of the game itself is unmatched in the current market. The UI is crisp and intuitive (a pitfall of many 4X games), the menus are clear and precise, and the overall feel of the game is wonderful. The only real complaint that I have is regarding the AI. On higher difficulties, the AI is simply given absurd bonuses of gold and happiness modifies to make them more of a threat. Non-combat victories become extremely more difficult to attain than combat victories (however to be fair, this is a rational process in some ways, and the latest expansion did help with that aspect). Once your borders are touching an AI civ, it's generally going to end in them declaring war on you. However, as far as 4X games though, this is absolutely worth a try.
game-hours: 172.7
review: I like role playing as the glorious female leader of Carthage.
game-hours: 347.8
review: yes
game-hours: 37.0
review: Brave New World makes this incredible!
game-hours: 190.8
review: This is a must buy
game-hours: 1.3
review: The best friendship ruiner ever.
game-hours: 140.5
review: Grate game a side from being a masive time vammpier it you do kind of need brave new world if you wount the full esperance then buy brave new world though all in all a grate game.
game-hours: 4.9
review: nice..
game-hours: 43.2
review: EXTREMELY ADDICTING I LOST MY FAMILY AND FRIENDS WHILE PLAYING DIDNT GIVE A  CUZ I GOT THE HITLER MOD
game-hours: 40.5
review: I just created Mulan's alternate ending playing as the Huns. Can't make a man outta you anymore.
game-hours: 7.5
review: The first game i've ever played for 3 hours striaght 10/10
game-hours: 255.8
review: no word to discribe this masterpiece 10/10
game-hours: 337.2
review: bleh mc bleh bleh awesome bleh bleh bleh bleh meh bleh
game-hours: 459.7
review: Better than beyond earth.And i recommend::::::BUY DLCs
game-hours: 228.4
review: This is a good game once you get the hang of it Fun solo and multiplayer
game-hours: 21.5
review: Great game!
game-hours: 744.8
review: Really like the expansions
game-hours: 168.9
review: Great game, rich with content and time consuming but worth every hour of game experience. Warning: Only for patient ones.
game-hours: 3146.6
review: infinite replayability. interested and worthy modding community. i have now 5 core mods that tend to recreate the newness of the game play after thousands of hours of playtime. also the free maps mad by modders expand the possibilities again beyond the generic game in what seems like an endless parade of newness. extensive forum help in and outside of steam is always at hand. steam dependability is itself a great thing. a great strategy game. to me it is my favorite after a long time playing older non-"civ" strategy titles such as empire earth, and rise of nations (ah, RON in it's day!). if you have a robust pc to play with the visuals and animations are very enjoyable. transition times can be tedious late in game, and one can linger long into the next morning without realizing it because one more turn always begs for one more turn.
game-hours: 9.2
review: 8PM: I just want try to play; 3AM: What? Is it too late?Oh doesn`t matter let`s keep playing.
game-hours: 193.5
review: I play this too much...
game-hours: 130.5
review: so much fun with friends
game-hours: 368.0
review: Gandhi threatend to nuke me if i didn't recommend this game
game-hours: 68.3
review: - takes someones worker thats right next to my border at 1600 BC - said person declares war and denounces me then takes out one of my cities - its now 2000 AD - Still at war because of a worker 11/10
game-hours: 3.8
review: 1. You meet Gandhi as you find Uranium shortly after 2. You both become allies after his struggle for food in his civilization 3. Gandhi starts to look suspicious after the local uranium is mined 4. Your halfway through to building your spaceship 5. Gandhi suddenly allies with someone else 6. Gandhi betrays you and declares war 7. You create nukes to nuke him but your realise he has already made nukes 8. Gandhi Nukes your Civlization and every other leader 9. You regret meeting Gandhi 10. Gandhi wins the game by finishing his spaceship and sending it to space 11. You tableflip and throw your PC out the window. 10/10 Would get nuked and rage again.
game-hours: 5.2
review: Got nuked by ghandi when I was still in the ancient era. 10/10
game-hours: 13.2
review: Insanely addictive, and great for newcomers to the Civilization series and to 4X games in general.
game-hours: 59.8
review: Great turn-based strategy game with beautiful graphics and tons of neat DLCs. If your computer has the power to run this, I would highly recommend it.
game-hours: 185.5
review: A game about growing cities and giant people and animals that protect them. Gandhi nukes/10
game-hours: 179.2
review: civ is good
game-hours: 23.3
review: 10/10 would nuke my friends again
game-hours: 25.7
review: Like sometimes ytou have to  all over georgew washington but then aids appens and elizabth destroys u
game-hours: 28.7
review: Civilization V is probably the best balance of in depth customization mixed with easy accessablility. It can be as hard as you want it to be, or it can be very easy to allow you to learn the mechanics. I've played through a few games, and I'm very impressed with the way this game feels and plays. I know when it comes to civilization games, nostalgia runs wild and everyone always thinks the older ones are superior. But I honestly think, combined with at least the gods and kings expasion, this is the best Civilization game to date. If you're interested in this game, you have to at least get the gold edition. This game feels pretty incomplete without the gods and kings expansion, but with it, it feels perfect. I haven't gotten Brave New World, but I hear it is amazing. Anyway, Civilization V is highly recommended by me, and should be picked up by any strategy/civilization fan.
game-hours: 59.6
review: If I had to rate "Civilization V" I would give it a 4/5. Very addictive game, you will spend countless hours playing this game and lose track of time. (I once played this game from 4pm to around 6 or 7am...needless to say I slept for 48 hours.) I have only played the base game, or vanilla game (Just "Civilization V and no expansions") so I am pretty sure once you get the expansions as well you will lose more hours having fun (I have also heard good things about "Brave New World" and plan on buying it in the future.) It is true though, that this game holds your hand throughout the game compared to previous Civilizations games, but it doesn't stop you from playing the game. The controls and the UI: - The controls for movement, attack, defend and general scrolling are spot on and easy to use with a great feel towards them. - The UI (User Interface) however is somewhat complex and scattered throughout your screen rather messily, it will take some time to get to know the UI but once you figure it out you will stroll right through it. Gameplay and general: - The "leaders" of the civilizations when in the negotiating screen are just simply amazing to look at, great detail has went into them....the problem with this though is that you will get fed up looking at them from time to time and just end up declaring war on them...just because you can. - "Advisors" in the game are supposed to advise you in what to do next...However...they are completly useless and their advise is rubbish... never trust an advisor, they plan to take over. - AI (Aritificial Intelligence) are somewhat dumb at times, I played a single player game on the hardest difficulty (Deity) and within 2 turns of starting the game, every single civilization declared war on me and within 3 turns destroyed me with triple the amount of units I was able to put out. I tried again, this time Germany and japan declared war on me before the end of my first turn...heh. - "City states" are states that you can trade with or annex/raze, the easiest thng to do with them is to Annex them as after a certain amount of time they tend to get annoying.. but don't capture many of them as they will all become in a permanent state of war with you (But oddly enough hardly ever attack you) - When starting a game, it has alot of options to choose from, and can greatly enhance the experience. - Steam "Workshop" is the best addition to the game...the mods are glorious, the community is glorious, everything is glorious. the sheer amount of mods available is just mind-boggling. Overall: Overall, if I had to rate this game I would give it a 4 out of 5 stars, the sheer enjoyment I got from it is amazing (even though I've only played it for 30 hours, I want to play it more but got other stuff to do as well). I can't rate the multiplayer aspect of this game as I am too "Scared" to get my noobiness owned :) buy it, it is worth it!!!
game-hours: 50.1
review: Its a realy fun turnbased strategy game, realy fun to play with 1-3 friends
game-hours: 315.6
review: Surpassing 250+ hours and counting, Civ V is and will continue to be the greatest strategy game of all time. Nothing I've ever come across can top the attention to detail, the vast number of playable nations, or the replayability of Civilization V and I've played a LOT of strategy games. There's a reason this is #1 on my Steam list for games played. It's outstanding.
game-hours: 0.1
review: Amazing game, i'd however prefer more diplomacy actions and more world congress settings.
game-hours: 171.0
review: You can dance, you can jive, having the time of your life See that girl, watch that scene, digging the Dancing Queen Friday night and the lights are low Looking out for the place to go Where they play the right music, getting in the swing You come in to look for a king Anybody could be that guy Night is young and the music's high With a bit of rock music, everything is fine You're in the mood for a dance And when you get the chance... You are the Dancing Queen, young and sweet, only seventeen Dancing Queen, feel the beat from the tambourine You can dance, you can jive, having the time of your life See that girl, watch that scene, digging the Dancing Queen You're a teaser, you turn 'em on Leave them burning and then you're gone Looking out for another, anyone will do You're in the mood for a dance And when you get the chance... You are the Dancing Queen, young and sweet, only seventeen Dancing Queen, feel the beat from the tambourine You can dance, you can jive, having the time of your life See that girl, watch that scene, digging the Dancing Queen
game-hours: 7.9
review: Very awesome game, great graphics. I can't wait to try civ 5 beyond earth :D
game-hours: 29.6
review: I'm not even good at games like Civ, but Civ V has me coming back to it again and again because it's just plain fun. I've lost hours upon hours building empires and they've just flown by. One of the most engrossing games you can buy on Steam, but you probably already knew that; it is Civ, after all.
game-hours: 389.6
review: iz k
game-hours: 5.0
review: man what an awesome time waster this game is. civilization is one game that will always have a place in my heart, but honesetly nothing has changed dramatically from #1 to this, apart from things like 1 unit per tile, and hexagonal tiles. You still explore, settle, battle, research, strike flaky treaties only to have them broken when you refuse stupid demands, get into century long military stalemates, etc .. It's like the malibu stacy with a new dress. Simpsons fans will get it.
game-hours: 819.2
review: play a game for 5 hour and get off game thenn ever play same game again. repeet
game-hours: 68.5
review: Remember the great Viking-Persian war of 1872 that lead to Viking world domination? Or how about the time that Poland was denounced by all of its allies because it was about to complete a rocket launch to Alpha Centauri? What about Atilla the Hun being voted world leader? Every game something hilarious happens, and every time you win just want to start again. If you like slowly thinking through your options, and watching a long-term strategy come into play, you'll love this game.
game-hours: 197.0
review: Ever since I bought this game, I have not slept. I lost my girlfriend and dropped out of school. I am living in my parent's bathroom and I order mcdonalds to the house twice a day. I pray to civ 5 every morning and night, and I am devoted to destroying empires. civ 5 is my life 11/10 would play more
game-hours: 90.0
review: sucio
game-hours: 94.1
review: why not, lets try it...hopefully i get nukes
game-hours: 317.9
review: Conquered the Iroqois in the modern era while using infantry as Carthage then got half of my cities nuked by Gandhi and all the city-states declared war on me. 56/10
game-hours: 61.2
review: Like Skyrim, with guns.
game-hours: 1872.1
review: Very good Game, Gods and Kings expansion and Brave new World expansion are a must. Steam Workshop offers a vast choice of Mods that can enhance your experience. Steam Workshop Personal mods:
game-hours: 367.7
review: a real amazing game
game-hours: 152.3
review: This is a great game. I almost never play stratigy games but for this game a make an exeption
game-hours: 46.2
review: This game is very addicative has a very good time that you play on it! 10/10 Would Do!
game-hours: 896.2
review: Great game
game-hours: 236.0
review: Ah civilisation 5, what a good game. been playing every now and then since release. This is the only game where gandi is a nuking warlord. would highly recomend this game to gamers of all ages. one tip when buying as well as buying the bace game also buy DLC as the DLC really makes the game what it is, without the DLC the game can get a bit repetitive. So stop reading this and go buy the god dam thing!
game-hours: 89.3
review: Very good game, i love it! 47hours played this, very nice!
game-hours: 896.2
review: Great game
game-hours: 170.4
review: Good.
game-hours: 94.1
review: why not, lets try it...hopefully i get nukes
game-hours: 78.6
review: This game taught me what it is to be a huge ucker. Before I had this gem of a gem of a gem, I didn't know what it was to be Yoko Ono. Thanks to Sid Flier's Oregon Trail VIII, I can die a happy man. My only quip would be the inventory system, which is unable to be used because there is not one in the game. It took me about five and a half hours to figure out that Civ 5 was not an on-rails shooter.
game-hours: 317.9
review: Conquered the Iroqois in the modern era while using infantry as Carthage then got half of my cities nuked by Gandhi and all the city-states declared war on me. 56/10
game-hours: 79.8
review: Ghandi is a nuke master. Enough has been said.
game-hours: 108.5
review: Great game and i love the game when i play with friend like 3v3gandhi style 10/10
game-hours: 1660.1
review: Pure perfection in a game
game-hours: 236.0
review: Ah civilisation 5, what a good game. been playing every now and then since release. This is the only game where gandi is a nuking warlord. would highly recomend this game to gamers of all ages. one tip when buying as well as buying the bace game also buy DLC as the DLC really makes the game what it is, without the DLC the game can get a bit repetitive. So stop reading this and go buy the god dam thing!
game-hours: 78.7
review: cool beans
game-hours: 61.2
review: Like Skyrim, with guns.
game-hours: 246.9
review: I've never been good at writing reviews, and couldn't think of anything to put, so heres a recipe for Falafel. INGREDIENTS 1 cup dried chickpeas or 16 oz. can of chickpeas or garbanzo beans. 1 large onion, chopped 2 cloves of garlic, chopped 3 tablespoons of fresh parsley, chopped 1 teaspoon coriander 1 teaspoon cumin 2 tablespoons flour Salt Pepper Oil for frying Prep Time: 15 minutes Cook Time: 105 minutes Total Time: 120 minutes PREPARATION Place dried chickpeas in a bowl, covering with cold water. Allow to soak overnight. Omit this step if using canned beans. Drain chickpeas, and place in pan with fresh water, and bring to a boil. Allow to boil for 5 minutes, then let simmer on low for about an hour. Drain and allow to cool for 15 minutes. Combine chickpeas, garlic, onion, coriander, cumin, salt and pepper (to taste) in medium bowl. Add flour. Mash chickpeas, ensuring to mix ingredients together. You can also combine ingredients in a food processor. You want the result to be a thick paste. Form the mixture into small balls, about the size of a ping pong ball. Slightly flatten. Fry in 2 inches of oil at 350 degrees until golden brown (5-7 minutes). Serve hot. Serving Suggestion Falafel can be served as an appetizer with hummus and tahini, or as a main course. Stuff pita bread with falafel, lettuce, tomatoes, tahini, salt and pepper. As an alternative, falafel can be formed into patties and served like a burger. Thanks for reading my review, I hope it has been helpful.
game-hours: 1872.1
review: Very good Game, Gods and Kings expansion and Brave new World expansion are a must. Steam Workshop offers a vast choice of Mods that can enhance your experience. Steam Workshop Personal mods:
game-hours: 145.6
review: The Vatican City wants Islam. 10/10 would Vatican again
game-hours: 295.7
review: I conquered all of Holland when they stopped trading me citrus. Venice gifted me with silk for being a great and fearsome conqueror. Everything was going fine, really, until Gandhi nuked me for not trading him silk and citrus. 10/10
game-hours: 53.1
review: A really great game. Take control of your favorite civilization and compete against others for victory. Amazing multiplayer experience, truly fun to play with friends. I seriously recommend at least the gold edition, as the vanilla game isn't quite good compared to what it is now with all the expansions and DLC. It also goes on sale often, and I think that for the price you pay when it is on sale, it's an experience that cannot be overlooked.
game-hours: 347.1
review: This game (as you can probably tell by how much I've played it) is quite addicting. It's beginner friendly but still has advanced aspects for more experienced players. The major downside is that if you only buy the base game, it's quite repetitive; I recommend to purchase the complete edition. The game also has a workshop, which adds more variety to the game. I once used a mod which spawned all the civilizations in true geographical areas which actually taught me some true locations of countries which I didn't previously know. Overall, good game, 10/10, could ruin your life :)
game-hours: 7.9
review: This is Civilization at its best and over time it will ripen like a fine wine and become a masterpiece. 2K Games have outdone themselves in making some massive changes without changing the core gameplay and alienating their fans.
game-hours: 15.0
review: Built the Eiffel Tower in Sparta, then found oil and the USA declared war on me. Only 50% accurate. 5/10
game-hours: 52.5
review: just an advise to you my friends: attack gandhi and siam when they are weak. Those ing backstabbers
game-hours: 225.3
review: Very good game, much reccomend, much fun, wow
game-hours: 7.9
review: This is Civilization at its best and over time it will ripen like a fine wine and become a masterpiece. 2K Games have outdone themselves in making some massive changes without changing the core gameplay and alienating their fans.
game-hours: 15.0
review: Built the Eiffel Tower in Sparta, then found oil and the USA declared war on me. Only 50% accurate. 5/10
game-hours: 52.5
review: just an advise to you my friends: attack gandhi and siam when they are weak. Those ing backstabbers
game-hours: 145.6
review: The Vatican City wants Islam. 10/10 would Vatican again
game-hours: 295.7
review: I conquered all of Holland when they stopped trading me citrus. Venice gifted me with silk for being a great and fearsome conqueror. Everything was going fine, really, until Gandhi nuked me for not trading him silk and citrus. 10/10
game-hours: 255.8
review: no word to discribe this masterpiece 10/10
game-hours: 337.2
review: bleh mc bleh bleh awesome bleh bleh bleh bleh meh bleh
game-hours: 347.1
review: This game (as you can probably tell by how much I've played it) is quite addicting. It's beginner friendly but still has advanced aspects for more experienced players. The major downside is that if you only buy the base game, it's quite repetitive; I recommend to purchase the complete edition. The game also has a workshop, which adds more variety to the game. I once used a mod which spawned all the civilizations in true geographical areas which actually taught me some true locations of countries which I didn't previously know. Overall, good game, 10/10, could ruin your life :)
game-hours: 253.5
review: Ghandi did nothing wrong. The nuclear devastation of my last civ game didn't happen.
game-hours: 66.3
review: When you first play Civ V you wonder... How many times will I need to restart this until jolpe finds a decent spawn place. Then you wonder... Will that guy just hit ing next turn already.... But the true magic of Civilization V is when Barbarian  come and Burn down your horses, so you repair them with a hammer. Only in Sieve Thive
game-hours: 4.7
review: This game's going to ruin my life. Calling it now.
game-hours: 9.7
review: DLC AS EXPENSIVE AS GAME 10/10
game-hours: 8.9
review: .
game-hours: 173.5
review: Why don't you own this yet? The game is it's best when you have both the Brave New World and Gods and Kings expansions.
game-hours: 576.3
review: its ok i guess.
game-hours: 303.3
review: lsdfljsdf
game-hours: 163.8
review: Civilization V, or Civilisation V if you can spell correctly, is a game that not only destroys both your social life and your daily sleep pattern but it can also lead to the destruction of your sanity after a prolonged exposure to this particular substance. However, this is in my opinion, a small price to pay for some everlasting enjoyment; the euphoria you experience while wheelchair-bound, obese and boss-eyed (or "strabismus" for you budding austists out there) is priceless compared to that  family christmas you have to endure every  year - correct? I know I am. As such, I am happy to recommend this game to anyone who appreciates good smack or has an addiction they wish to devleop into something more hardcore... I can safely say that this game will give you everything; the AI will offer you love, the interface will offer you wisdom, while the gameplay will offer you eternal happiness from the second you prepare your  for this amazing entry (if you'll pardon the pun)!
game-hours: 293.9
review: Wow. Such good. So time.
game-hours: 220.2
review: ing amazing.
game-hours: 173.5
review: Why don't you own this yet? The game is it's best when you have both the Brave New World and Gods and Kings expansions.
game-hours: 16.6
review: If you're not into strategy like I was then this is your game because it taught me things, it made me understand politics more. Sid Meier's Civilation V is a great game and I am looking forward to saving my money just to throw it at GabeN because Steam is Love, Steam is Life. #JustOneMoreTurn
game-hours: 64.7
review: Civ 5 is an amazing game that is based on history of the world you can either play it out with friends or you can play single-player but either type is just as fun.
game-hours: 66.3
review: When you first play Civ V you wonder... How many times will I need to restart this until jolpe finds a decent spawn place. Then you wonder... Will that guy just hit ing next turn already.... But the true magic of Civilization V is when Barbarian  come and Burn down your horses, so you repair them with a hammer. Only in Sieve Thive
game-hours: 18.9
review: Got nuked by Ghandi ..... Realism 10/10 Would get nuked again ;D
game-hours: 228.8
review: 1.Get game 2.Get DLC 3. = PROFIT
game-hours: 322.7
review: One of the best turn based fps games: good story, use of cover system, no scope, rekt m8.
game-hours: 165.0
review: Great game, solid mechanics with good strategy Nuked by gandi 10/10
game-hours: 179.5
review: My first review in steam. So, firstly this game very addictive and fascinating, but sometimes it can be very difficult and confusing. The game develops skills in person, such as tact, thoughtfulness, develops in different fields of science: Economics, politics, military affairs, etc. The game has bugs, lag, crash (in multiplayer), but they are rare
game-hours: 143.7
review: After initially being impatient to play the Civilization game series when I played III for a bit, I regret that decision, because I was too impatient to play what would of been one of my most favourite strategy games. I got this game from the recent Humble Bundle, and I got to say after playing a good 6 hours on this game, that it is one of my most favourite games to play. There is Ghandi who is an , don't trust him, he lies and nukes you in the back when you least expect it. Nothing else I should say here other than: 10/10 Get it now and ruin your life with this addiction.
game-hours: 1.4
review: its ok
game-hours: 181.3
review: It is no good without the DLC, if you are going to get Gods and Kings+Brave New World, then go for it, otherwise, NO.
game-hours: 327.8
review: Get this game 9/10
game-hours: 46.5
review: stab the ottoman, stab the american, stab the chinese, man it don't matter. in this game you can stab anyone if you get your stabbing points researched enough. easily the best stabbing simulator of the decade.
game-hours: 45.2
review: Fun once you know how to play
game-hours: 442.7
review: why is the dlc around the same price as the game itself kill me please
game-hours: 17.4
review: is be best!
game-hours: 369.2
review: Where did the last 15 hours of my life go?
game-hours: 94.9
review: Best game ever played. So very fun. Played Sweeden and destroyed Greece and the Native Americans before Jesus was even born. Oh yeah!!!!
game-hours: 84.9
review: 10/10
game-hours: 327.0
review: Butts
game-hours: 52.4
review: This is drugs in game form.
game-hours: 375.3
review: very good game that needs to have more frequent dlc
game-hours: 20.9
review: Great game. Though I miss some of the dynamics of Civ 4
game-hours: 224.0
review: One of my all time favourite games to play on steam
game-hours: 358.9
review: 10/10 Worth the money
game-hours: 162.2
review: Best Strategy Game Ever you go through all the ages and battle people! It is worth the money. I enjoy the wonderful gameplay and it has been a impact of my gaming life. It is anoter Strategy Game i can enjoy and love anoter civ to add to your collection of te civ francise. Sorry about slopiness a few keys were broke in te writin of te review!
game-hours: 100.1
review: Super fun and awesome. Had some good times playing by myself for the first 60 hours, afterwards the gameplay became boring. Loaded it up with some friends and had a blast, So the multiplayer is great! Would recommend. Warning: Very long play sessions, you will have a lot of trouble finding a good break point.
game-hours: 72.3
review: The game gives you many hints on how to be a great empire and win the game. I end up disobeying all the rules and become an evil warlord and wiped out 3 other Civilizations. Still get 1st in every single categorie.
game-hours: 203.6
review: india strong
game-hours: 277.5
review: You can kill Native Americans as you spread your Civilization towards the west. 'Merica 10/10
game-hours: 30.4
review: this  is ballin' yo
game-hours: 228.7
review: I was one of the masses who at first lamented the loss of stacking units. After 100 hours in I realize it is the loss of stacking which really makes this the best Civilization released - having been an active player since II was released. Strategy and challenege is so much more apparent in this game it is hard to imagine going back. If you really want to treat yourself watch the 'making of' video in included in your game files after a purchase. Maybe embarassingly, my heart swelled with pride in being a player of the game after watching it. Civilization is an integral part of pc gaming and always has been. Civilization V raises the bar. May God Almighty on High keep this series alive for as long as my fingers can click a mouse on a hex.
game-hours: 95.3
review: Awesome game, really fun.
game-hours: 124.9
review: why is the dlc so expensive thanks sid fkn noob
game-hours: 175.8
review: By far the most addicting game on steam. I swear you sit down and turn around not only is your youth gone but so is your innocene. And yes Ghandi is a jerk in the game...
game-hours: 544.2
review: Nuking countrys? k.
game-hours: 448.2
review: yes
game-hours: 63.0
review: its k
game-hours: 176.7
review: I would recommend this game to anyone looking for hours of fun thats made even better with friends!
game-hours: 595.0
review: Awesome game. 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 66.4
review: awesomeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!
game-hours: 53.0
review: Such A Good Game . WoW. So Good Gameplay
game-hours: 121.6
review: Great game! Tons of fun to play with friends. Way to easy to just hit next turn. Way to hard to put down.
game-hours: 179.3
review: Haiku! 4x at its best. Endlessly replayable. Gandhi is a jerk.
game-hours: 638.1
review: Entertaining and fun
game-hours: 153.9
review: Is Good.
game-hours: 222.1
review: amazing game, always a way to spend time
game-hours: 12.7
review: It took me a while to get into this game, but when I did, boy was I hooked. Very fun and exciting game, and I'm sorry I didn't purchase it sooner!
game-hours: 98.0
review: great game. absorbs you into it with the addicting strategy gameplay. definitely a must buy.
game-hours: 47.2
review: An amazing game with little faults, Sid Meier's Civilization V is a beautiful crossover of Total War and Age of Empires. Play as Alexander The Great, Augustus Ceizer or even Napolean as you make your way to world peace or world domination! Play as an ancient civilization and work you way up through "Eras" which are different ages sorted with different technologies and items. As well as a historical game, Civilization V is a strategy turn-based game completely mad on your choices! Destroy the French, make peace with the Chinese, eliminate the Roamans, whatever you want! It also serves as a window to learning more about history, except in a really amusing way! I rate this 9/10 for its amazing gameplay and the re-playability.
game-hours: 8.2
review: I am not usally interested in games like this but, this game is an acception. Anyone can play and its is easy to learn. One of my favorite games of all time. 9.5/10
game-hours: 354.4
review: Amazing game with great graphics and tons of gameplay and i love all the music for each leader and their own special historic units and buildings.
game-hours: 137.1
review: This game will consume your entire life
game-hours: 308.2
review: pls buy it so im not lonli
game-hours: 48.5
review: SUPER!
game-hours: 28.1
review: Ghandi is deadly
game-hours: 26.2
review: aLEXANDER THE GREAT MORE LIKE ALEXANDER THE NOT SO GREAT
game-hours: 176.6
review: Best strategy game of all time. 10/10
game-hours: 67.1
review: On my first play through every other leader declared war on me. For no reason. 10/10.
game-hours: 7.0
review: Extroidanary game
game-hours: 118.3
review: civiliaiton
game-hours: 221.9
review: Civ is for lovers.
game-hours: 1682.4
review: One of the most intriguing games out there.
game-hours: 529.5
review: 10/10 for Ghandi and his peace.
game-hours: 307.9
review: Amazing game. If you like turn based strategy games this will be for you. Games can take hours of your time but when you win them, you feel good ;D
game-hours: 81.8
review: The game is a Masterpiece. Buy it, now.
game-hours: 445.2
review: Absolutely Awesome! This game is pretty much perfect in every way and is highly adictive. It also allows you to play as famous people in history and historical scenarios. Best for playing with friends.
game-hours: 10.9
review: This game is crap loads of fun! nuff said
game-hours: 755.8
review: Great game I have tons of hours on it. The only thing I have to say bad about the game are the countless nights i have lost sleep over just because I couldnt put the thing down. Tons of interesting civilizations to play as and the maps are always stunning and 100% unique. The multiplayer can take a long time to find a match unless you have a preplanned thing with friends which is were you probably get the best multiplayer experience anyway. Not any bugs that I have run into frequently especially in the single player which is polished to perfection. Any strategy fan could easily get lost in this game play for hours on end. On top of that all the dlc add a whole new dimenson to the game. Buy it you wont regret it.
game-hours: 755.8
review: Great game I have tons of hours on it. The only thing I have to say bad about the game are the countless nights i have lost sleep over just because I couldnt put the thing down. Tons of interesting civilizations to play as and the maps are always stunning and 100% unique. The multiplayer can take a long time to find a match unless you have a preplanned thing with friends which is were you probably get the best multiplayer experience anyway. Not any bugs that I have run into frequently especially in the single player which is polished to perfection. Any strategy fan could easily get lost in this game play for hours on end. On top of that all the dlc add a whole new dimenson to the game. Buy it you wont regret it.
game-hours: 8.2
review: like tropico EXCEPT WAY MORE MOTHERING AMERICA HELL YEAH   SHIT ER  FAG WANG
game-hours: 76.4
review: It's like Skyrim, but by Sid Meier
game-hours: 48.6
review: Hey, got twenty hours to waste? Civilization V is the one turn-based game that has me saying "One More Turn". Most I am able to leave rather quickly whenever I need (such as MOO, or GalCiv), however there is something in Civilization V that just forces you to play that next turn to try and set yourself up for your next session. Interesting visuals, DLC already added freely to the game, and a completely supported modder's distribution system helps make this not only the most complete, but also a quite improved entry into the series.
game-hours: 318.3
review: Played the older versions of Civ but never really caught my attention untill Civ V, after I played a bit of it I kinda got hooked on it... but then I thought it might be nice to play a bit multiplayer with friends. I was a bit unhappy with their way of handling that since there was lag on very big maps after we had explored everything and from time to time it crashed either me or my friends. That being said we kinda asked for it when we chose a big map regardless it shouldn't happen also if you played with friends(multiplayer regardless who you play with) if you get dced and get back on the same map and if you were below 4(Prince) you would be placed on that rank it being Normal and everything else below that would be Easy, Rookie or New beginner or something like that. Other than that it was fine, so if you like to play a favorite Civ (from the given pool) and decide for yourself how it should have gone down in history it's a very good game to do just that. Be prepared for lag if you play on big maps then again it's not like lag is the big problem in a turn based game. I recommend the singleplayer mostly but I can go for a little multiplayer on small maps. Oh so I don't forget be prepared for an annoying AI especially Russia and China in this case (they expand very fast).
game-hours: 93.4
review: I wasted to many hours fo rhtis game
game-hours: 1255.4
review: Just as addicting as the previous four in the series, and just as uniquely endearing. Yes, there's been a lot of overhauls along the way in the way of features, with the ability to stack military units gone, but the result is a game that is far more tactically challenging and thus military victories feel like much greater accomplishments than simply rolling over a civilization with a stack of twenty modern armour units.
game-hours: 207.4
review: This game was simply fantastic; I really enjoyed the overall gameplay and the graphics. The Civilization interface was purely complex, which I enjoyed, becuase it kept me on my toes the entire game and between every new game because the interaction was different every time. I do have to say, however, If you are looking for a better game with a tad worse graphics then try out Civilization IV as it was far superior in overall gameplay throughout your entire story.
game-hours: 367.3
review: Out of all my games on steam Civ V is by far my favourite, and most played game. As a game it offers some of the most sought out content: Choice (the ability to choose your nation and how to build your civ), Strategy (the need to make plans and revise them as the game goes on), Great AI (sometimes ruthless AI), Multiplayer, etc. All in all a great game!
game-hours: 132.3
review: Positives: - An in depth strategy game. - Fun with friends and by fun by yourself vs AI. - Easy to learn and hard to master. Negatives: - Online matches are rarely finished due to the sheer length of a single game. - Can become quite repetitive with certain strategies and skill trees being more powerful than others.
game-hours: 538.2
review: Phenomenal game. It is my favorite strategy game and it can be played for a very long time. Every game I play can be new and more exciting than the last. A must buy!
game-hours: 502.7
review: Gud game.
game-hours: 1127.5
review: Such a complex and interesting game, yet also quite fun, i recommend it.
game-hours: 246.2
review: Best turn based strategy game series of all time definately worth a look if you like strategy games
game-hours: 110.0
review: A great game that lets you devise tactics and an economy on a much easier and user friendly scale. You really never know what will happen especially playing with the AI and the maps (unless you do something otherwise) are completely random and force you to adapt. The very first game I played of this, I couldnt walk away and sat just playing it for 10 hours straight. This game is a must buy if you love strategy games and want something easy to learn and hard to master.
game-hours: 72.8
review: Good game can get boring
game-hours: 147.6
review: Great game, very addicting and fun
game-hours: 1006.6
review: Civilization V.... sitting on the pinnacle of steam top purchases basking in the adoration of strategy players and your here with a blank look on your face wondering what it is. WELL TAKE A COUPLE OF MINUTES OF YOUR GOD FORSAKEN MISERABLE LIFE TO LIFT YOUR EYES OF YOUR DAILY DEGENERATE LIFESTYLE TO COMPREHEND THE APEX OF GAMING. Civilization 5 is a strategy based game that revovles around turn based decisions and adaption to environtment and resources around you to achieve various types of victories. If you have patience and are a veteren RTS/Strategy player you would enjoy this.... well I did anyway.
game-hours: 457.0
review: Great things come to great leders
game-hours: 157.2
review: Amazing game, i can get lost in it for hours!
game-hours: 38.3
review: *__*   ))
game-hours: 622.9
review: Fun game especially when fighting Ghandi useing his nukes
game-hours: 302.5
review: So addidictive, so many hours of sleep lost for one more turn
game-hours: 205.7
review: Barbarians took my settler. 10/10 would lose again.
game-hours: 365.8
review: What is love? Ghandi don't hurt me...
game-hours: 328.9
review: I haven't played it much but so far I think its bretty gud.
game-hours: 56.6
review: Ghandi is a !
game-hours: 123.1
review: this game is so much fun i would bye this game again and again.
game-hours: 276.8
review: O  JUST FOUND OUT U CAN GET ACHEIVEMENTS FROM RITERY LOL GOOD GAME GIVE ME STEAM SCOREZ
game-hours: 10.4
review: Great Game !!!!!!!!!!!! 10/10
game-hours: 147.6
review: A definite need to any strategic gamers library. Over a thousand different ways to play and never gets old. Worth every penny and I'm excited to see future games of this source. 9.5/10
game-hours: 45.9
review: It's an old, but still great game. lol jk, it sucks hard  lol jk again. 8/8 would review it again
game-hours: 70.1
review: Its alright
game-hours: 75.3
review: im so loney someone plz get this game!!!!!
game-hours: 306.8
review: like a boos
game-hours: 13.3
review: 0/10 would create a time paradox and change history again
game-hours: 114.7
review: 10/10
game-hours: 194.8
review: you ghandi
game-hours: 170.7
review: Friendships have been broken over this game however we still play it together. They are now my worst enemies. Ten outta Ten.
game-hours: 9.8
review: thanks to this game now I just want to see the world on fire
game-hours: 214.3
review: Great game. Add from past Civilization games.
game-hours: 94.1
review: Stratastic!
game-hours: 311.4
review: This game is pretty good and is only improved by its expansion packs. Well worth every penny payed.
game-hours: 4.2
review: it is so [spioler]F**KING GAY[/spioler]
game-hours: 66.9
review: I ing hate Gandhi.
game-hours: 165.8
review: A good game
game-hours: 67.6
review: I learned more history in this game than in history class,
game-hours: 64.3
review: It's quite fun when you think about it.
game-hours: 115.4
review: you ain't livin til u civ'in
game-hours: 1446.4
review: Civilization, I have been playing it from the beginning and have never been disappointed. How many series can you say that about. Awesome, innovative and getting better all the time. The latest version along with the add-ons are the most well balanced rendition yet no matter what your playing style. If you haven't played Civ yet then I only have one thing to say ... What are you waiting for!!! Thank you, Sid Meier for this gem of a game!
game-hours: 141.9
review: el vicio eterno
game-hours: 264.5
review: One of, if not THE best game i've played in a long time
game-hours: 276.1
review: Spent 150+ hours on this game. Absolutely incredible. 0 out of 5
game-hours: 137.1
review: Fantastic game! Good use of time and money! Love it!
game-hours: 76.9
review: Most major hitting titles give us expansions that are generally in the "meh" category. This game breaks away from that. With the Gods & Kings expansion, and the Brave New World expansion. You're in for an amazing game.
game-hours: 326.8
review: So many late nights have been spent in this game. Civilization V is perfect for newcomers to the Civilization franchise. Aswell as still having many of the core features that makes long time fans love the games.
game-hours: 26.2
review: <3
game-hours: 61.9
review: Amazing game, hits all the points that make an rts great!
game-hours: 129.4
review: this game is amazing
game-hours: 13.6
review: 10/10
game-hours: 60.0
review: Want a nice slow paced turn based game well look no further. This game is very nice with a nice little tech tree and getting samurais to SLAUGHTER YOU ENEMIES WHO TAKE YOUR FRIKEN HORSES! To Figure out that gandi is a  who only wants peace then backstabs you for some salt.
game-hours: 699.9
review: 600+ hrs and I still play so either I have no life or this game is addictive.
game-hours: 112.5
review: If you're going to play Civ V be sure to have Gods and Kings and Brave New World expansion. It added alot of variety in the game and it mesh well with each other. Also, be sure to have an alarm clock near you and set it with your desired play time or else you will spend your whole day playing this game!
game-hours: 282.7
review: Uh best game ever. Uh ZAIN PLAY IT
game-hours: 138.8
review: This game is amazing!!! Never try to play this before you go to bed or need to do something.
game-hours: 540.3
review: If I were a king, I'd be a pretty  king because I'd be playing this constantly. Is better than the sex. 11/10 Would bang consistently.
game-hours: 17.5
review: fun to play
game-hours: 30.3
review: er countries develop just as fast as European countries. 2/10
game-hours: 346.2
review: best strategy game that is around now!!!! most definitely a keeper
game-hours: 77.9
review: a789sdgvoiserverb
game-hours: 32.1
review: ghandi. can. go. die. in. a. hole. if. he. destroys. another. city
game-hours: 99.2
review: Built Broadway and Sydney Opera House as England. 10/10
game-hours: 247.3
review: The only game where Poland can into space.
game-hours: 92.6
review: Good strategic game of all times
game-hours: 1.5
review: forCivever
game-hours: 91.7
review: Good when you have all of the expansion packs.
game-hours: 102.8
review: 2 hrs in: Just one more turn. 6 hrs in: ...Just one... yeah... one more turn. 12 hrs in: ....Just.... one.... more.... turn!....
game-hours: 1.3
review: One more turn.
game-hours: 21.1
review: .
game-hours: 71.6
review: I dont really need to say anything here..buy it
game-hours: 180.4
review: I love this game, it can be really fun to play with friends when you're winning and fun when you're not :3. This game is really cool because you can do so much, and it is also a game that requires you to think, use skill and strategy rather than simply pointing and shooting, and it has so many details and interesting game mechanics while not being overly-complicated.
game-hours: 19.1
review: once you buy this game and know how to play it your butt will stuck on a chair for a day .. 10/10
game-hours: 126.2
review: tfw ghandi declaration of war
game-hours: 0.1
review: ING AMAZING
game-hours: 378.1
review: With all the DLC, its probably one of the most entertaining games I have played.
game-hours: 40.0
review: It's a good game.
game-hours: 18.4
review: well this is fun if youre a huge nerd and im not that huge of a nerd so it wasnt so fun so to sum this up ing nerds k yourselfs
game-hours: 315.4
review: Accidentally started a world war. Consisted of around three nations (Rome, Byzantium, Ethiopia) on my side and two on the other (Egypt and Germany) with a few neutral bigots watching the mayhem. After around twenty years of fighting Germany was a skeleton of what it used to be and Egypt frantically sending diplomats to reach a peace agreement as I sent my army and navy to enact a full-fledged invasion of the Egyptian mainland. God, I love this game.
game-hours: 17.7
review: nuking rome and naming cities after curry-houses,hell yeah! 9/10 (lacks real curry-houses)
game-hours: 29.0
review: Takes me forever to end my turn, other than that, fun game so far.
game-hours: 84.6
review: It is niec
game-hours: 23.2
review: lots of fun most of the time unless you randomly crash or your workers take 3 turns to register their job
game-hours: 412.4
review: Narrator sounds cooler than Morgan Freeman 10/10
game-hours: 111.5
review: At first I didn't see many reasons to play online without someone I know so in the back of my mind I was regretting clicking on multiplayer, but after playing as Indonesia in a group of 6 other online players, I saw how intense this turn-based could become. I can assure everyone that the multiplayer is 9000 times more intense than the singleplayer (against AI) and the only way to find that out is by playing multiplayer. FOR THE NUTMEG!!!
game-hours: 267.7
review: Do you think you sleep too much? Do you have too much spare time? Worry no more - the neVest Civ is here! Get started, and after you have played "one more turn"... ...your alarm reminds you that 18 hours have passed and it's time to get to school again. Great game!
game-hours: 53.7
review: Brilliantly fun game, just play it now! GHANDI GETS NUKES!!!!! NUKES!!!!!
game-hours: 95.5
review: First time ever playing a Civilization game.. I played nonstop for five straight hours. 11/10
game-hours: 122.1
review: Overall a phenomenal title, albeit the bugs (most common in multiplayer modes), GPU-intensive code (my laptop has shut down due to overheating), and long loading times may agitate impatient minds. The series as a whole being the flagship for the casual RTS genre, this installation should by no means be passed up despite various software difficulties. Both multiplayer and singleplayer modes have proven to be largely enjoyable and full of replay value with features such as 43 unique (and as a result quite unbalanced) playable civilizations with different abilities and units, an extensive collection of maps and map types, and many scenario settings as well. The Brave New World expansion has also proven itself as an exceptional update to the core game rules and numerous other extensions to an already remarkable gameplay experience. This expansion is considered by many a necessary part of the Civilization experience. I would recommend this game to any and all that can appreciate an entertaining afternoon of politics-filled evolution-based strategy gaming with friends.
game-hours: 63.0
review: Very fun and addicting, but the Complete Edition really shouldn't be $50, I recommend getting it when it's on sale.
game-hours: 92.5
review: Very good game, I would recommend this game to anyone who likes strategy genres. The graphics for me are supurb and the little animations when you battle singleplayer! In my first game, my tank anihalated a spearmen and the animation to me very funny. Great Game!
game-hours: 83.1
review: Very good strategy game, if you start playing, you won't regret it!
game-hours: 37.1
review: its dope af v trill  make my dad proud real trap
game-hours: 96.8
review: >start new game >you play as time passes >wake up and see civ V running >2 weeks have passed Basically what happens when you play this game.
game-hours: 31.5
review: Very nice strategic game. I like the historic part.
game-hours: 240.6
review: Very addicting game, great graphics and sound. Each single player game lasts as long as you want it to. Each multiplayer game can take hours if not longer. Perfect game if you want to learn history and kill time.
game-hours: 434.7
review: Not exactly like the other Civs, a feature for which it got some criticism, Civ V expands on the series in such a way that pleased me both aesthetically and in gameplay. While it is certainly less complex than earlier installments in the series, Civ V is far more intuitive and more fun to play, yet it still retains enough of the complexity to be an engaging turn based strategy game. It's also great for multiplay.
game-hours: 27.2
review: Good game, the more atom bombs the better!
game-hours: 2.4
review: good game
game-hours: 332.9
review: One of the best strategy games on the market !!
game-hours: 123.3
review: It's a very good strategy game, especially with the DLCs. Vanilla is nothing compared to III and IV, but G&K makes it worth it.
game-hours: 793.2
review: 10/10 would bang
game-hours: 45.8
review: One of the main reason to own a PC.
game-hours: 89.5
review: pretty good
game-hours: 194.6
review: such an impressive game, it deserves more recognition
game-hours: 29.8
review: This is the game for someone wants to conquer enemy with every possible of humiliation from straight up destroy and conquer to science domination. Pick this game up for those who like slow and sure steps to domination of the world.
game-hours: 20.7
review: Time will be consumed
game-hours: 247.0
review: Civ 5 is so addictive and so fun to play, I would definitely recommend purchasing it.
game-hours: 170.9
review: One of my favorite RTS games. It has unique gameplay and the multiplayer is very fun. Definitely recommend this.
game-hours: 22.6
review: Most awesome strategy game I've ever played! Worth a buy =D
game-hours: 79.6
review: One...More....Turn.....
game-hours: 72.3
review: Is the Fifht Symphony of the strategy games ever created
game-hours: 546.7
review: It's ing sick m8.
game-hours: 108.6
review: Civilization is one of my favorite gaming series of all time. It contains every element of a turn based stragegy game that I have every wanted. I recommend this game to everyone.
game-hours: 3208.0
review: AWESOMEEEEE!!!!!!
game-hours: 38.2
review: I've been playing this game for like 15 hours now, its actually pretty fun! at first i was like whoa dude everyone is so addicted to this game called civ 5 and thought psshh they probably exaggerating. But then I tried it out myself, there's a lot of stuff to learn about it at first but once you learn all that in like an hour or two. Its all set sail from there. It really reminds me of playing age of empires and red alert 1 back in the day. Brings back nostalgic memories. This game is very deep like miley cyrus's . You can easily sink in many many hours into it. I would definitely rate this game a 9.5/10. Its like Miley Cyrus, Great Visuals and Very Deep.
game-hours: 62.3
review: Really fun. It just get better with friends online too. Perfect if you have the time for a good marathon game.
game-hours: 909.8
review: Awesome game! Be aware it's addicting as hell!
game-hours: 1110.4
review: Hours of fun, a must-have game for people liking strategy with or without thinking (greatly balanced)
game-hours: 775.1
review: Bit expensive with all the DLC but, is still plenty of fun if your into a turn based take-over the world game.
game-hours: 219.5
review: The first game in the Civ series not to be better than the one before, but not in a bad way. It's different. Gameplay has been changed so much, this is not really the evolution of Civ IV, but a reimagining of the whole game. New hexagonal grid, improved victory conditions, completely revamped politics and religions (moreso with DLCs Gods and Kings/Brave New World), civilizations that change the gameplay much more. Now you can't stack military units. Even this simple change makes war so much different. Now you can't siege a city with 50 riflemen on the same square or defend it with with 40 pikemen. If you liked older Civ games or you just like turn based strategy, you wil LOVE this game SO MUCH.
game-hours: 112.1
review: Teaches history better than my teacher
game-hours: 903.4
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 271.9
review: the game is good, yet sometimes there is major resets where you go back 50-something turns, which for me was the biggest Minus, now startegy is good, and the options are also, the option "turn timer" or "game pace" was probably the best options. The 1 civ dlc's were a terriable idea, why not just make an update? sure Gods and Kings, which is a great expansion, but 1 civ dlc's? also a minus... but the game is great, 9/10
game-hours: 164.4
review: Very addicting, BNW expansion is great. Don't trust Ghandi.
game-hours: 101.8
review: Good game
game-hours: 77.4
review: Play this game cause its awesome to take people over and make them suck your
game-hours: 26.8
review: Yes it is a very fun game and with the dlcs it makes it even more fun than before
game-hours: 64.2
review: The biggest sink time ever...Never play this game when you have something else to do. The one more turn comercial is more of a real ad than a joke. This game is too addictive.
game-hours: 361.5
review: You can't get a much better deal than with Civ V. The gameplay is flawless and still highly addictive even though I have played for a year.
game-hours: 925.7
review: Very fun addicting game. Be prepared to spend countless hours of your life in this turn based game.
game-hours: 362.5
review: It has been sometime since I actually played it, largely because I have been downloading and trying lots of other games. This game offers plenty of options for any kindof strategist. Whether you like to hang back and defend yourself while focusing on other victory conditions, conquer the world, or only conquer your threats, their are plenty of options. Games last an extremely long time if you start all the way back at Ancient, but it is enjoyable through and through. I was a bit disappointed that this game does not feature any group-win option unless you set teams beforehand (unlike Age of Empires, which allows for multiple players to win at once if they are allied and allow allied victory). As another review stated, this is a "thinking man's game," as opposed to an action game. You aren't going to get caught off gaurd because you didn't have enough time to move multiple units, only because you got backstabbed by an ally, misinterpreted the enemy's strategy, or underestimated a faction's strength. Nukes are... underwhelming, but a mod exists to make it more realistic. This is also very much a mod collectors game. Whether it is changes to gameplay, or a fantasy civ from a movie or videogame you know, their are plenty of good mods out there! 8/10
game-hours: 485.2
review: Great game, hours of enjoyment :)
game-hours: 144.7
review: Sehr gutes Spiel. Macht auf jeden Fall schtig. Besonders mit den beiden Addons garantiert es Spielspa fr viele Stunden.
game-hours: 55.5
review: Do you have a free weekend or no job? Do you enjoy sitting in a chair beind a screen for extended periods of time? Maybe you are 14? possibly 25 and no job and your mom doesn't bother you much? WELL, Civ 5 is the game for you! Watching small groups of people inhabit a hexigon and watching other people invade other hexigons is a blast. Youll need to beat your wife and kids so they know not to bother you. Order Pizza Turn off your phone and let the magic happen. You cant stop this. This game will end relationships.
game-hours: 281.6
review: Civilization V is an amazing game that you can play for hours.
game-hours: 763.6
review: This is the best game ever. It truely a master piece. It is very adictive and game play is always fresh
game-hours: 192.9
review: This game made me wetter than a stripper on a friday night in Shanghai with tourists coming in. This game also takes up your time more than a gay politic ing the presidents wife. This game can also be deeper than Barrack Hussein Obama's . Make a niqqa shed a tear. 69/10
game-hours: 277.8
review: The most important detail is the title screen msuic, Civ 4 took the cake by having the best title screen music I have ever heard. Buying Civ 5 (Gods & Kings) I was expecting it to have bad music. Slowly it became my favorite. Good job! Besides the title screen music the game improved 110%. Every area was improved. 5 stars.
game-hours: 278.3
review: This awesome game is extremely addictive and one of the most complex strategy games I have ever played. It has taken me over 60 hours of gameplay to fully grasp even the Vanilla version of the game and a further 40 hours to even become good at it, LOL. The DLCS added heaps of content, refining the whole game into something even more better and worth way more than 6 keys in total for G&K and BNW. Played 120 hours and counting; maybe a further 100 hours will satisfy me of this game :L. Most immersive ruler scenes and the fact the Sejong-Korea and also Ethiopia is in the game truly amazes me about the range of diversity in the game. 10/10
game-hours: 317.5
review: Lovely!
game-hours: 305.6
review: 5/5
game-hours: 18.9
review: Don't buy, don't play, don't go for cultural victory  history #word
game-hours: 111.3
review: HOLY SHUCKING FIT ITS AMAZING... Don't be a sprogedy crotch waffle and buy it you  :P
game-hours: 276.2
review: Good, is game, indeed.
game-hours: 8.2
review: Brilliant series, and this game, to me, is the best of them. Now, the most terrifying to realize is that the game is so precise to how Governments work, this guy would make an excellent president. Goddammit Sid, you are good.
game-hours: 152.8
review: Ever imagined yourself as King or President? Well, here's your chance! Sid Meier brings you Civilization 5, a beautiful 4X Strategy game where you take the role of a leader of a people. Throughout the game you will experience change, advancement, and trouble, or riches. You can also play the game in many different ways, depending on how you want to win. Honestly, this game easily makes my top three games of all time, and I wish I could explain better, but this game has so much to offer it's incredible. This game has so many features and possiblities it's breath taking, and if you don't think this is enough to intrigue you, I personally suggest you go watch the Yogscast or someone else play it. Oh, BTW, NEVER. EVER. TRUST GANDHI.
game-hours: 133.6
review: Very cities. Much Civilization. Wow.
game-hours: 1734.2
review: Best game ever! I can't get tired of it... just one more bloody turn!
game-hours: 40.3
review: This game is so addictive.. 5pm: *Starts the game* ''This seems nice...'' BAM 4am: ''Wow, time went so fast. I need to sleep now. Just a few more turns...'' 5am: ''It's 5am?! I need to go now'' 6am: ''Okay last turn, I'm almost done with the Manhattan project!'' 7am: ''Maybe I should skip sleep and pull an all nighter...'' 8am: *Goes to bed. Goes to reddit and the subreddit /r/civ, and then continue to read every post* 11am:''Okay, it's morning now. Let's get back to the game.'' 9pm: Dead. -Every Civ player ever If this isn't enough to tell you how great this game is, then maybe the following will convince you: -It's a turned based game, if you have 2 groups of soldiers, you can use one group and attack an enemies group of soldiers. When you have done your move with your group of soldiers, you can then use your other group. However, as you advance you will get better and better groups. You will go from fighting with sticks and stones, to automatic guns, tanks and machine guns, to laser weapons and death robots. Yes, there are death robots in the game. -The game features a bunch of nations, and leaders for those nations. Like Russia, Sweden, the USA etc. You can talk to the leaders, trade, and become allies with them. If they are at war, you can send them troops to help them, and create a good connection between you. -You can nuke Denmark. If you've ever wanted to nuke Denmark, you can do that in this game. You can nuke India as well (and Gandhi, since he is their leader. Oh, and never trust Gandhi!) -Building an entire army is so worth it. Invading Russia, taking their land piece by piece, have them beg you for a peace treaty, ohh it's so satisfying.
game-hours: 74.3
review: I enjoy it. It is fun. Enough said.
game-hours: 28.7
review: Best PC game ever
game-hours: 52.1
review: it is amazing and fun get it!!!!
game-hours: 48.3
review: This game is
game-hours: 316.1
review: This may be the best game I've ever played
game-hours: 130.2
review: no
game-hours: 285.4
review: Raging Barbarians.....10/10!
game-hours: 568.3
review: it is amazing
game-hours: 67.8
review: Be friends with Ghandi or be vaporized.
game-hours: 426.3
review: THIS GAME IS F****** AWSOME! OMG GET THIS F****** GAME NOW AND PLAY IT, HOLY S***!!!
game-hours: 88.4
review: Fun Game, get expansions (Lukas and Max).
game-hours: 80.7
review: OH MY GOD THIS GAME IS SO ADDICITING IF YOU LOVE RTS, IF YOU DON'T YOU WILL STILL FREAKING LOVE IT!
game-hours: 1.7
review: I like Civ
game-hours: 63.4
review: You can nuke those dirty Americans. 10/10.
game-hours: 22.3
review: I can without dubt say that this is one of the greatest strategy games I've played in a while, even though I only have a few hours on it (so far). Graphics 9/10 Graphics could be slightly improved otherwise it's amazing. Water and terrain looks perfect, aswell as cut scenes for diffrent rulers etc. The fighting between units could've been improved. Sound 10/10 The sound is on the highest level of sound you can get in todays games. One thing to note that I LOVED, was hearing my countrys national anthem when I started playing as them. It gave it that little extra to make it a 10/10. Gameplay 9.5/10 The gameplay is turned based which I both like and dislike. I usually prefer gameplay such as Age of Empires etc. Even though this fact, I liked how the game is played. There could be some small improvements in the gameplay mechanic, but they're very small. I've had few bugs with this, barely noticable. But they're there. Final verdict 9.85/10 Mashing up all this information I can't give it a full score. The few bugs and small failures in the gameplay mechanic drags it down a bit. Fairly simple to play. But then there's a large variety of gameplay difficulties. There's also a variety of choices when it comes to scenarios, from vikings to Ceasar. And the fact that you can choose the maps to be formed like earth or just a specific part of it made the game really enjoyable. Other than that I can just say that this is a must buy for any strategy game fan.
game-hours: 79.5
review: Lots of fun! <3
game-hours: 303.0
review: For a relaxing afternoon , I will always choose Sid Meier's Civil V , the best way you can spend your time on a pc :)
game-hours: 225.2
review: got a quad 10/10
game-hours: 190.2
review: Made a religion, named it sieg heilism 10/10
game-hours: 46.1
review: ME LIKES
game-hours: 153.5
review: Takes a bit of time to learn how a civ game works, but this is worth playing.
game-hours: 220.8
review: Great game!
game-hours: 947.7
review: Brilliantly designed game with a great multiplayer feature and, while heavy, the game barely every crashes or stops responding. I highly recommend it, but only if you have some friends to play it with. There's no problem with the singleplayer, but it gets boring after a while and I rarely finish a single player game because they take forever and you lose interest around half-way through. Still a great game, and Sid Meier is held very highly in appreciation for this series.
game-hours: 71.2
review: if you like making cities sending in troops or religion well this game does that if you play spore or any other civilization game this is a must!
game-hours: 134.2
review: very fun game
game-hours: 37.7
review: Extremely addictive, top tip - dont do an earth size map, it will take up your life.
game-hours: 25.0
review: Civilization. Sid Meiers Civilization 5 -     ,      .       , ,   . .      .
game-hours: 473.0
review: amazing
game-hours: 218.3
review: If you want a game that has tons of replay value a very in depth technology tree and loads of historical people that you've never heard of then this grand strategy is definitely for you. I bought it and haven't regretted it.
game-hours: 143.5
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V, I really enjoy these games and this one is not an exception. Infact I think i'll play a game now. :-) 5/5 *****
game-hours: 5.7
review: Eveyone declared war 10/10
game-hours: 137.4
review: This game is worth about $30 TOTAL for ALL DLC. $120 is crazy. If you spent $120 on this game, wow... I pity tha foo! EDIT: I feel I should mention a few things specifically that bothered me. 1) A.I. is completely worthless. All they do on higher difficulty is cheat but remain completly  in combat and diplomacy. For example: I can save a civ that i had been trading with and gifting to for centeries, and was conquered by another civ, but just because we have close borders they declare war on me the next turn... The trades are crazy stupid. They rarely are worth it. I can gift a civ resources for 90 turns, then ask for a fair trade and they refuse... 2) Combat with a large army is tedious beyond belief. 3) Gifting units is broken. Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't. How the mechanics work(don't work) is never explained and no one on the forums seems to know either. 4) The devs focus on selling DLC instead of fixing the base game. Don't support bad devs. $120 for this broken game is insane. I got Gods & Kings version on sale for $15(base game and previous DLC included). That was a fair price. If BNW drops below $15 I might consider buying it, but not likely. I would hate to give money to these incompitent money grubbing  devs. I recommend this game if you can get if for less than $30 TOTAL(ALL DLC). Otherwise, move along or go back to Civ IV, a much better game.
game-hours: 443.5
review: .  ,       .    ?     ?        ?     ""        ?      .   -   -,         .           -    .
game-hours: 65.6
review: Im gonna play just a quick game... aaaaaaand its 3 AM.
game-hours: 75.5
review: This is great for those of you who love strategy games. That's all I'll say. It's that good.
game-hours: 1222.8
review: Play this game it is awsome Must play with all ad ons Possibly One of the best games ever
game-hours: 23.2
review: lots of fun most of the time unless you randomly crash or your workers take 3 turns to register their job
game-hours: 412.4
review: Narrator sounds cooler than Morgan Freeman 10/10
game-hours: 151.1
review: yes
game-hours: 107.1
review: It took me 104 hours, but I finally won my first Civ 5 game. As George Washington, World Leader, I wiped Ghandi off the map before he could screw me over like usual. Using my Christian Nuclear Arsenal, I erased him from history. When his epitaph played and America immediately immediately began a golden age despite everyone in the world denouncing me, I popped a raging boner making all 104 hours worthwhile.
game-hours: 235.7
review: pretty gud
game-hours: 89.2
review: .
game-hours: 214.2
review: Just one more go.... AND.....it's 5am
game-hours: 240.0
review: No better turn-based game out there for beginners. 137 hours and only just scratched the surface. Wonders are OP. 10/10 (forgetting the glitches)
game-hours: 433.8
review: Pretty fun with all the expansions. Vanilla Civ is meh
game-hours: 227.9
review: Very good RTS. Definitely my favorite one to date. Would recommend 10/10
game-hours: 19.0
review: Fun game, just be aware that gold doesn't come with Brave new world, but the game itself is fantastic.
game-hours: 1322.2
review: Holy . Almost 1k+ hours played.
game-hours: 143.5
review: Fun
game-hours: 383.4
review: This game is greate, But Jimmy Kimmel / kman777x / kman777 is not as good as me. And he is a swoooopingggg scrub muffin.
game-hours: 437.5
review: This is an amazing game, it is 9/10 for me, i love everthing about it and wouldn't change much. I cannot wait for civ beyond earth.
game-hours: 457.0
review: Great things come to great leders
game-hours: 157.2
review: Amazing game, i can get lost in it for hours!
game-hours: 38.3
review: *__*   ))
game-hours: 221.9
review: Civ is for lovers.
game-hours: 145.2
review: I must say, this game became my favorite game fairly quickly. I have so much fun playing out as a famous civilization, fighting others, advancing technologies etc etc etc. This game is so in amazing! I love it so much and will play it for a very long time, 69/10 would bang. (heheheh)
game-hours: 239.1
review: Well.....what a game. I was worried about getting civ 5 as I'd only ever had civ 3 and clocked a good few hundred hours on that a good few years back until i got civ 4; civ 4 is awful and wouldn't recommend it but civ 5 ye, you've got World Congress (can become United Nations), the units are amazing, so many more buildings, better techs and graphics are quite good. Strategy games may not be your thing but i think civ 5 will be.
game-hours: 278.7
review: swag cap skills
game-hours: 169.2
review: "Uh huh, this is my  All the girls stomp your feet like this A few times I've been around that track So it's not just gonna happen like that Because I ain't no hollaback girl I ain't no hollaback girl" -Washington
game-hours: 29.6
review: civ 1 was about this kid in a desert racing aliens civ 2 was all about him growing up and meeting a lover civ 3 he went a bit stale and became evil civ 4 was people rebeling and civ 5 is now when they are keep rebeling against the emporer and darth vadr
game-hours: 27.9
review: I will write this in a minute " just one more turn " If you know that feeling then this game is definitely for you :D
game-hours: 111.9
review: 10/10 Spent many hrs taking over the world... it's oddly satisfying to wipe out an entire civilization and then move on to the next one!
game-hours: 461.2
review: great game
game-hours: 97.6
review: Turn-based strategy game, with alot of fun 8/10
game-hours: 113.8
review: when you think you play this game for 3 hours and then you realize you already waste your time for 3 days
game-hours: 122.7
review: Ei laaik it
game-hours: 179.6
review: Awsome game, one of the best !
game-hours: 314.8
review: It's ok.
game-hours: 86.4
review: This game has no business being as addictive as it is.
game-hours: 796.1
review: Loved the game - Played them all and this is second only to Civ 4
game-hours: 21.6
review: Cocaine Simulator 2010.
game-hours: 267.7
review: Do you think you sleep too much? Do you have too much spare time? Worry no more - the neVest Civ is here! Get started, and after you have played "one more turn"... ...your alarm reminds you that 18 hours have passed and it's time to get to school again. Great game!
game-hours: 549.4
review: Brave New World Review: This intricate dlc deeply enhances the core game into THE real masterful TBS experience Civ5 was destined to be, namely by incorporating deft touches on cultural & diplomatic compounds. Those tweaks affect several aspects of mid/late game, limiting in many ways militaristic expansionism. Players are incited to invest more time in civil policies and deals via a retrofuturistic version of the United Nations, the ' World Congress '. Civ5 now becomes one of the most versatile kind of terrestrial TBSs, though some may always complain about the (un)happiness system which, despite being ' unrealistic ' , still manage to offset in an efficient manner the ' infinite city sprawl ' poising previous iterations. Pros: intuitive user interface; map generation; lots of civs, units, scenarios, mods; great combat revamp; uber attention to details. Cons: (un)happiness management for some complainers; warmongers may feel constrained; great music unfortunately tedious - few tracks.
game-hours: 194.0
review: Cocaine
game-hours: 1574.3
review: 10/10 needs improvement
game-hours: 111.9
review: This game is horrable and has caused aton of crapy lag for my comr and also the ftustration of my friends my windows 8.1 couldent take
game-hours: 50.4
review: +
game-hours: 17.5
review: YOU GHANDI
game-hours: 84.8
review: hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella hella
game-hours: 487.5
review: Its fun
game-hours: 168.0
review: Sweet as a potatoe
game-hours: 353.2
review: BEST GAME EVAH!
game-hours: 141.1
review: Awesome!
game-hours: 60.7
review: Best game ever!!!
game-hours: 747.4
review: A fantastic game, I love to become the ruler of the world.
game-hours: 164.7
review: ONE OF THE BEST GAMES OF ALL TIME
game-hours: 5.3
review: Time for Bed: "I can spend an hour playing a game." 2 hours later: "Another hour won't hurt." Sunrise: "Damn you Ghandi!" 3 hours later: "Screw Work, Ghandi must pay!" Got the picture yet.
game-hours: 121.4
review: this is a god like game
game-hours: 43.1
review: The only strategy game I have the patience to play. xD Very satisfying to win this game, and you can't quit it once you've gotten started.
game-hours: 50.8
review: squid
game-hours: 101.0
review: Can Make Religion 10/10
game-hours: 138.8
review: This game is amazing!!! Never try to play this before you go to bed or need to do something.
game-hours: 540.3
review: If I were a king, I'd be a pretty  king because I'd be playing this constantly. Is better than the sex. 11/10 Would bang consistently.
game-hours: 17.5
review: fun to play
game-hours: 30.3
review: er countries develop just as fast as European countries. 2/10
game-hours: 346.2
review: best strategy game that is around now!!!! most definitely a keeper
game-hours: 72.8
review: It eats your life!
game-hours: 43.7
review: 8/10 Sid Meier's Civilization V is a great turn-based strategy game that has been improving with each release. Requires patience, critical thinking, and sometimes good ole luck. There are so many different ways to play and build your civilization that you will always have a unique game. The amount of content in this game is really phenominal. And I swear this game eats hours for food! I've had a few problems with save files and that is not cool when one game can take up days or weeks. Especially when it's a group of people being let down in multiplayer.
game-hours: 21.5
review: Much enjoy, Very amaze.
game-hours: 101.5
review: Go for it, such a great game to play with friends. The game has a save function even for multiplayer, so don't worry about the fact that most games go for quite a long time, simply save, and return later with your friends. On top of that, the game can get a little weird and wonderful when you play a dead civilisation, and end up winning with it. Does Age of Empires let you play future egyptians with death robots? I think not.
game-hours: 1012.1
review: So so much time spent on this ^^
game-hours: 167.9
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 258.5
review: for achivement
game-hours: 116.3
review: "Gotta go to work... MEH, one more turn can't be that bad. Hmm... well, okay, 2. ... Okay, it's been 10 turns. ONE LAST! ... ... Hey boss? I can't come in today. Got a sickness called Onemoreturn-itis."
game-hours: 24.8
review: this game is better than anything in the whole world, yes even churros.
game-hours: 220.0
review: sw4g
game-hours: 317.7
review: Buy this! It's the best! Ever! Buy this then buy Brave New World!
game-hours: 486.6
review: Its great. But Attila and Alexander, f**k you, covet elsewhere.
game-hours: 168.7
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V is a great turn based strategy game with interesting game mechanics and great historical progression. Although the game has a big learning curve it is great to play with friends once you get past the learning curve. Beware if you do get into this game days will pass and it will have only felt like minutes.
game-hours: 83.0
review: Game 4 teh ballers.
game-hours: 35.3
review: Finally, a game where I can be George Washington and make Oda Nobunaga my bro as we wage nuclear war on Ghandi. Just kidding, I like to make a really silly religion like "buttfaceology" and then force the entire world to adopt it. I'm like a Jehovah's witness but with more butts.
game-hours: 13.7
review: I haven't even played a full game of this, I just tried the tutorial and quit. I LOVE IT FIVE STARS!!!
game-hours: 92.8
review: Very good :)
game-hours: 163.0
review: This game is great, just don't be dissapointed when it is impossible to win without a war as the AI seems to have either mood swings or multiple personality disorder. You can shower them with gifts or trade non-stop with them but as soon as your borders are visible from theirs or you have a 'weak' military they will pounce on you without hesitation. They even say 'backstap' in the dialogue box, this annoys me as I want to play the game nicely but very few of my friends have the game and random online matches often have dlc which I do not. I'm sorry about this mini rant, this game is fabulous and the repeatability amazing but seriously if you want to play vs AI peacefully get a mod.
game-hours: 35.7
review: i took over a friends town and named it dongersrgr8 9/10
game-hours: 139.2
review: It's Civ5. What more can I say?
game-hours: 238.5
review: Its like the other Civilization games only better.
game-hours: 318.4
review: This is a game for someone looking to break into the world of strategy games. Even expierienced players can enjoy having fun with this, I've played plenty of strategy games, starting with Civ 3 and all the way up to Europa Universalis 4. I still enjoy playing this for fun. P.S. NEVER TRUST ANYONE PEACEFUL IN REAL LIFE(e.g GHANDI) ~Remember to never stop slamming! -Probably Space Jam
game-hours: 12.9
review: I've been confined in my household on a sunny day for FOUR hours, playing this game. That's not like me, I do go outside sometimes, but, just, one, more, turn.... Seriously, it sounds kinda stupid that a low paced strategy game has addiction? Ever wanna take control of a nation's politics? Trading? Resources? Warfare? NUCLEAR WARFARE? Randomly generated maps? Religions, news, and hunting? What about making a city grow? Like simcity? Yeah, you know what I mean. Don't forget tactics to warfare and strategies. Don't forget the sandbox and modding experience for this game. My addiction to this game is settled, I'll be playing this for a long time...
game-hours: 107.1
review: Amazing! Though some bugs, the game will lead to playing hours on end!
game-hours: 60.0
review: addictive
game-hours: 72.3
review: The game gives you many hints on how to be a great empire and win the game. I end up disobeying all the rules and become an evil warlord and wiped out 3 other Civilizations. Still get 1st in every single categorie.
game-hours: 137.1
review: This game will consume your entire life
game-hours: 308.2
review: pls buy it so im not lonli
game-hours: 48.5
review: SUPER!
game-hours: 46.5
review: stab the ottoman, stab the american, stab the chinese, man it don't matter. in this game you can stab anyone if you get your stabbing points researched enough. easily the best stabbing simulator of the decade.
game-hours: 45.2
review: Fun once you know how to play
game-hours: 442.7
review: why is the dlc around the same price as the game itself kill me please
game-hours: 17.4
review: is be best!
game-hours: 369.2
review: Where did the last 15 hours of my life go?
game-hours: 317.7
review: Buy this! It's the best! Ever! Buy this then buy Brave New World!
game-hours: 34.4
review: absolutely love this game. So addictive, endless hours of gameplay!
game-hours: 39.4
review: awesome
game-hours: 131.8
review: "It's Greeeeat" Tony The Tiger - 2014
game-hours: 62.3
review: One of the best strategy games I ever played
game-hours: 21.5
review: Darude-Sandstorm
game-hours: 27.4
review: This my go-to game when I just want to unwind and have fun. Hopefully Civilization: Beyond Earth is just as good as this game is with both G&Ks and BNW.
game-hours: 12.4
review: Love this game, thumbs up for sure. Played the different versions before purchasing the Steam compilation. Wish I could rotate the loading videos from the original, to G&K, then BNW.
game-hours: 57.0
review: What a game
game-hours: 726.3
review: Very fun game that requires much strategy
game-hours: 280.7
review: hella.
game-hours: 92.6
review: Good strategic game of all times
game-hours: 1.5
review: forCivever
game-hours: 91.7
review: Good when you have all of the expansion packs.
game-hours: 102.8
review: 2 hrs in: Just one more turn. 6 hrs in: ...Just one... yeah... one more turn. 12 hrs in: ....Just.... one.... more.... turn!....
game-hours: 1.3
review: One more turn.
game-hours: 561.1
review: Great Game,Great Strategy and Very (Extremely) Addicive as History becomes your creation and you Expand your Little Nation.
game-hours: 195.7
review: really great buy this all 10/10
game-hours: 70.3
review: BEST GAME EVAR
game-hours: 48.3
review: This game is
game-hours: 316.1
review: This may be the best game I've ever played
game-hours: 34.6
review: i dont know how this got here
game-hours: 161.0
review: W O U L D Y O U B E I N T E R E S T E D I N A T R A D E A G R E E M E N T W I T H E N G L A N D ?
game-hours: 259.0
review: A simple but very well polished game. Infinite scenarios, each unique and enjoyable. Highly advised.
game-hours: 598.7
review: One more turn!
game-hours: 104.6
review: I bought this game 20 minutes ago and I already have 35 hours in it.
game-hours: 86.1
review: I laughed. I cried I played this game for 20 hours straight. Buy it.
game-hours: 78.9
review: Muito loco esse jogo
game-hours: 2448.6
review: So far the worst time sink I have ever encountered. One more turn has become a negative comment in my household, both children and wife threatening me since I started to play this game. Not only is the base game one of the best strategy games I have ever played, the sheer number of mods available make this game an almost infinite time playable game.
game-hours: 19.2
review: So much fun with friends
game-hours: 21.5
review: It is a grogeous game but it is manly for poeple who have the time to sit for a good hour or so... Highly Recommend this game.
game-hours: 80.8
review: 10/10 buy
game-hours: 108.6
review: This is so much fun. Even for a turn-base-game I got hooked on it ,and I'm not a fan of turn-base-games. It is like Risk and Age Of Emipers ,or Risk and command and conquer. Can you make a civilization that can live or die? Will you make peace or die? The world is in your hands. What will you do?
game-hours: 165.9
review: THE best strategy game ever!
game-hours: 123.3
review: Better have a lot of time on your hands when playing Civ 5
game-hours: 76.5
review: it is good
game-hours: 25.9
review: It's not fast paced but is very strategic. I like it and if that's what you are interested in then you will too. It is filled with real history and leaders. The graphics are great! I also realy like the hexagons rather than the boxes from old CIV games. Some reviews say that its "like watching paint dry" but I would disagree. It's not action filled, but the point is to give you time to develop your strategy.
game-hours: 17.9
review: "Just one more turn" - The biggest lie I've said since I bought this game.
game-hours: 74.4
review: Very fun and addicting, a 4X hex based strategy game, a must have for any fan of strategy games
game-hours: 119.5
review: Good fun, especially for people who enjoy historical roleplaying
game-hours: 65.5
review: A brilliant strategy game. It and it's DLC makes you feel like you are controlling an empire from it's birth until it's victory of the world or untimely demise. It's realistic in the aspects of trade routes and the ability to backstab other players and break promises (Remember Hitler and Czechoslovakia) I personally loved pretending to be weak and then anally annihilating anyone who tried to invade. It was a beautiful feeling.
game-hours: 1.7
review: I like Civ
game-hours: 303.0
review: For a relaxing afternoon , I will always choose Sid Meier's Civil V , the best way you can spend your time on a pc :)
game-hours: 167.9
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 258.5
review: for achivement
game-hours: 225.2
review: got a quad 10/10
game-hours: 190.2
review: Made a religion, named it sieg heilism 10/10
game-hours: 50.8
review: squid
game-hours: 101.0
review: Can Make Religion 10/10
game-hours: 121.5
review: it a good game
game-hours: 98.3
review: this game is sexxy ;)
game-hours: 130.6
review: 7/7 It was good, but is not as good as COD - IGN
game-hours: 37.6
review: it is a fun and stratigic game on surviving in the new age its kinda like rust but much better and Awsome, Hope you will get this game or try it.
game-hours: 216.2
review: RUINED MY LIFE 10/10
game-hours: 267.0
review: Good game in general. Take the world by force or make it yours through diplomacy. A very good game for people with a lot of time on their hands. I deeply recommend it for people who likes strategy games. Problably the best one out there in my opinion, but it is missing ways to win. But with the expansion-pack Brave new world, you can win in a cultural way too. 9/10. 10/10 If you have the Brave New World expansion.
game-hours: 454.2
review: buy this... buy this... BUY THIIS
game-hours: 132.6
review: This game is amazing I'll be in a game look up realise that I have been play for 6 hours have lost any real friends, have been disowened by my parents and dumped by my imaginary girlfriend Still worth it
game-hours: 92.5
review: Very good game, I would recommend this game to anyone who likes strategy genres. The graphics for me are supurb and the little animations when you battle singleplayer! In my first game, my tank anihalated a spearmen and the animation to me very funny. Great Game!
game-hours: 137.4
review: best strategy game ever. don't underestimate it - it's amazing.
game-hours: 55.1
review: The Great Lighthouse has been built in a far away land :---DDD Ha-ha! Nice! What can I say? A clear 10/10!
game-hours: 500.0
review: I played this game back on the commodore amiga 500, back then it was the very first version of civ. Yes, I am that old! Thank you for noticing that. When the game was first released (this itteration) it was not without faults, may complained about lack of depth and features that werent there. They changed that with the last 2 expansions Gods and Kings / Brave new world. I still have to find my way in the last expansion since it is a big changeto the vanilla version. Faults that I know of. Multiplayer has issues AI prior to BNW expansion was very stupid and easy to beat memory leakage on huge maps later in the game Now with the latest expansion the game is very well ballanced and the community in this game is very helpfull when u have issues. I have put a lot of hours in this game, mostly in offline mode sice I played it during breaks when ahum, well working, dont tell my boss that though. I dont thhink that they will release new stuff anymore to this game ( although I wish they would bring back the space civ game where you could play on another planet after launching the misile but that wont happen)
game-hours: 129.4
review: this game is amazing
game-hours: 66.9
review: I ing hate Gandhi.
game-hours: 165.8
review: A good game
game-hours: 67.6
review: I learned more history in this game than in history class,
game-hours: 60.0
review: Want a nice slow paced turn based game well look no further. This game is very nice with a nice little tech tree and getting samurais to SLAUGHTER YOU ENEMIES WHO TAKE YOUR FRIKEN HORSES! To Figure out that gandi is a  who only wants peace then backstabs you for some salt.
game-hours: 699.9
review: 600+ hrs and I still play so either I have no life or this game is addictive.
game-hours: 112.5
review: If you're going to play Civ V be sure to have Gods and Kings and Brave New World expansion. It added alot of variety in the game and it mesh well with each other. Also, be sure to have an alarm clock near you and set it with your desired play time or else you will spend your whole day playing this game!
game-hours: 549.4
review: Brave New World Review: This intricate dlc deeply enhances the core game into THE real masterful TBS experience Civ5 was destined to be, namely by incorporating deft touches on cultural & diplomatic compounds. Those tweaks affect several aspects of mid/late game, limiting in many ways militaristic expansionism. Players are incited to invest more time in civil policies and deals via a retrofuturistic version of the United Nations, the ' World Congress '. Civ5 now becomes one of the most versatile kind of terrestrial TBSs, though some may always complain about the (un)happiness system which, despite being ' unrealistic ' , still manage to offset in an efficient manner the ' infinite city sprawl ' poising previous iterations. Pros: intuitive user interface; map generation; lots of civs, units, scenarios, mods; great combat revamp; uber attention to details. Cons: (un)happiness management for some complainers; warmongers may feel constrained; great music unfortunately tedious - few tracks.
game-hours: 194.0
review: Cocaine
game-hours: 1574.3
review: 10/10 needs improvement
game-hours: 29.0
review: Takes me forever to end my turn, other than that, fun game so far.
game-hours: 84.6
review: It is niec
game-hours: 53.7
review: Brilliantly fun game, just play it now! GHANDI GETS NUKES!!!!! NUKES!!!!!
game-hours: 95.5
review: First time ever playing a Civilization game.. I played nonstop for five straight hours. 11/10
game-hours: 122.1
review: Overall a phenomenal title, albeit the bugs (most common in multiplayer modes), GPU-intensive code (my laptop has shut down due to overheating), and long loading times may agitate impatient minds. The series as a whole being the flagship for the casual RTS genre, this installation should by no means be passed up despite various software difficulties. Both multiplayer and singleplayer modes have proven to be largely enjoyable and full of replay value with features such as 43 unique (and as a result quite unbalanced) playable civilizations with different abilities and units, an extensive collection of maps and map types, and many scenario settings as well. The Brave New World expansion has also proven itself as an exceptional update to the core game rules and numerous other extensions to an already remarkable gameplay experience. This expansion is considered by many a necessary part of the Civilization experience. I would recommend this game to any and all that can appreciate an entertaining afternoon of politics-filled evolution-based strategy gaming with friends.
game-hours: 63.0
review: Very fun and addicting, but the Complete Edition really shouldn't be $50, I recommend getting it when it's on sale.
game-hours: 28.3
review: Gorgeous graphics and deep combat make this a great place to start or renew your interest in global domination.
game-hours: 321.7
review: No wonder the UK dislikes Polish people. Back stabbing s. 10/10
game-hours: 263.7
review: Can throw the world into nuclear holocaust 10/10
game-hours: 476.6
review: Probaly the funnest game i have ever played
game-hours: 64.2
review: The biggest sink time ever...Never play this game when you have something else to do. The one more turn comercial is more of a real ad than a joke. This game is too addictive.
game-hours: 361.5
review: You can't get a much better deal than with Civ V. The gameplay is flawless and still highly addictive even though I have played for a year.
game-hours: 925.7
review: Very fun addicting game. Be prepared to spend countless hours of your life in this turn based game.
game-hours: 362.5
review: It has been sometime since I actually played it, largely because I have been downloading and trying lots of other games. This game offers plenty of options for any kindof strategist. Whether you like to hang back and defend yourself while focusing on other victory conditions, conquer the world, or only conquer your threats, their are plenty of options. Games last an extremely long time if you start all the way back at Ancient, but it is enjoyable through and through. I was a bit disappointed that this game does not feature any group-win option unless you set teams beforehand (unlike Age of Empires, which allows for multiple players to win at once if they are allied and allow allied victory). As another review stated, this is a "thinking man's game," as opposed to an action game. You aren't going to get caught off gaurd because you didn't have enough time to move multiple units, only because you got backstabbed by an ally, misinterpreted the enemy's strategy, or underestimated a faction's strength. Nukes are... underwhelming, but a mod exists to make it more realistic. This is also very much a mod collectors game. Whether it is changes to gameplay, or a fantasy civ from a movie or videogame you know, their are plenty of good mods out there! 8/10
game-hours: 485.2
review: Great game, hours of enjoyment :)
game-hours: 144.7
review: Sehr gutes Spiel. Macht auf jeden Fall schtig. Besonders mit den beiden Addons garantiert es Spielspa fr viele Stunden.
game-hours: 55.5
review: Do you have a free weekend or no job? Do you enjoy sitting in a chair beind a screen for extended periods of time? Maybe you are 14? possibly 25 and no job and your mom doesn't bother you much? WELL, Civ 5 is the game for you! Watching small groups of people inhabit a hexigon and watching other people invade other hexigons is a blast. Youll need to beat your wife and kids so they know not to bother you. Order Pizza Turn off your phone and let the magic happen. You cant stop this. This game will end relationships.
game-hours: 281.6
review: Civilization V is an amazing game that you can play for hours.
game-hours: 317.5
review: Lovely!
game-hours: 13.7
review: !    !
game-hours: 29.6
review: civ 1 was about this kid in a desert racing aliens civ 2 was all about him growing up and meeting a lover civ 3 he went a bit stale and became evil civ 4 was people rebeling and civ 5 is now when they are keep rebeling against the emporer and darth vadr
game-hours: 27.9
review: I will write this in a minute " just one more turn " If you know that feeling then this game is definitely for you :D
game-hours: 20.9
review: As you can see, the developers are clearly incapable of spelling 'Civilisation' correctly and based on that: you can predict what the rest of the game is like. You would have at least thought that they got someone to check the spelling before putting this game on the market. It's just as bad as Dishonored. 0/10 - Would not bang.
game-hours: 17.7
review: say goodbye to your life...
game-hours: 256.7
review: Fun turn based strategy game. Single player is good with quite a few difficulty levels but the multiplayer is poorly optomized so crashes and lags a lot.
game-hours: 226.0
review: classic and great in co-op multiplayer
game-hours: 52.0
review: . / A must play for the fans of Turn Based Strategy games.
game-hours: 629.9
review: At this point, if you haven't heard of this game, please quit steam. This game is amazing in everyway, and the variability between games ensures that it never gets old. There are enough features to keep players busy, even when they are not in the middle of a war. Just buy it, and all the dlc, it is worth it no matter what you think of strategy games.
game-hours: 1314.2
review: Pretty fun game. I am not the best at it, but I love it to pieces. Pros: -Highly strategic turn-based gameplay -Beautiful landscapes -Unique items for each leader -Extra fun(and expensive) DLC Cons: -None that I can think of 10/10
game-hours: 417.3
review: The Good: Thrilling, replayable, unpredictable gameplay. Amazing detail and texture. AI difficulty that spans from extremely easy to impossible. Many MANY settings to choose from, customising your gaming experience with ease. Extremely friendly to new and experienced Civilization players. The Bad: None that I can see! () 5/5 xALii3Nx
game-hours: 64.4
review: Japan nuked America - 10/10
game-hours: 288.2
review: There's a few things that I don't like about the transition from Civilization IV to V but overall it's an incredible improvement. The visual improvements are outstanding! There are a few things I wish were implemented from IV, like trading maps, trading technologys, world editor. But all these things are made available by community workshop mods.
game-hours: 59.0
review: become the megalomaniac you always wanted to be. Just as good as it always was.
game-hours: 371.8
review: An extremly time consuming game that is just amazing. The DLC for it is well worth it if you have the extra money and overall this game is just simply amazing.
game-hours: 293.7
review: Buy it once, play it for life. Insanely deep strategies, hugely varied gameplay and AI that hates you all makes for an experience that will leave you begging to be able to click 'Next Turn' just one more time. (Also  Alexander the Great)
game-hours: 0.3
review: l've played this game a long time and l still don't know how to play it but l understand the game also the msterys
game-hours: 924.9
review: This is the game that I go to, when I don't know what to play. The rule set has been changing with each DLC. And while it is a relearning process, I think that is what I like about the game.
game-hours: 24.5
review: !!! AWESOME !!!
game-hours: 15.5
review: Extremely addicting.If you hate Gandhi yet want a fun game then do a custom single player game with no Gandhis and med diff. Invaded Belgrade,nuked Venice thrice and adopted Fascism. GOTC,Game of the century.Our kids and aliens shall look down upen this game and not shun it because of it's greatness
game-hours: 816.4
review: I'm too old to love this game as much as I do!
game-hours: 419.2
review: To be frank, this is likely the most addictive game of all time. It kind of galls me that I spent so much on my PC, bought so many AAA titles, and it is one of the most graphically simple that has the most replay value. If you've ever liked any strategy game ever, Civ V is simply a must have. It is a genre defining title. For anyone who has ever played any of the other Civ games, it is just as great as the games of yesterday. Is it as complex as Civ IV, with as much fine attention to detail? No. But it is equally great in its own ways, and for shear playbility, replay value, and the easy learning curve (especially compared to previous Civ titles) it is a game you really must give a try.
game-hours: 44.0
review: Pretty good - I managed one complete playthrough during the free weekend. I always do the same thing with Civ games... play it once, discover the entire tech tree, take over the world by force, and then never touch it again... UNTIL THE NEXT CIV GAME
game-hours: 37.0
review: This is a very good games. Recommended to play.
game-hours: 206.9
review: My friends teamed up and tried to kill me...they failed. 10/10
game-hours: 30.4
review: If you want to ruin someones life, Give them this game.
game-hours: 132.5
review: oone of the greatest strategies of all time. Must have for anyone who likes strategies! *dont buy with out expansions*
game-hours: 241.6
review: Great game. Long story short. Great game.
game-hours: 606.6
review: 10/10 Too good to miss.
game-hours: 345.2
review: As the Inca, I allied with Kamehameha and conquered everyone. Sadly, my warmongering spree was ended by Gandhi's nukes. 999999999999999999999999999999999999999/10 Would get nuked again.
game-hours: 76.3
review: Played as germany and made the main religion judasim - 12/2
game-hours: 1136.3
review: It's good, well made and fun. I recommend it.
game-hours: 121.2
review: If you like starting fights with your friends for no reason buy this game. If you dont, go  yourself, and still buy this game.
game-hours: 57.4
review: dear Bismark,  you signed, a pacifist
game-hours: 0.2
review: Land Ruling Simulator 2010
game-hours: 99.2
review: I love this game. The strategic value to it is perfect. It's indepth enough to pose a challenge yet not so much that it has an insane learning curve. The one problem I can find and it isn't one that bothers me but the length of the games is crazy. It isn't unheard of for a single game to go on for 24+ hours. Now as I previously mentioned this doesnt bother me but for some people that are just looking for a casual strategy game this could cause some time restraints. And for those of you who like the short single-sentence reviews and don't really want to read what I have typed: Nuked Japan, and completed space travel in 1903. 10/10
game-hours: 45.5
review: This may not be the best installment of these series personally, but is by far the most entertaining one. A lot of detail was cut from the previous game but all in order to make the experience more dynamic. Thanks to this, CIV V has te best multiplayer of the saga. Recommended for the hardcore fans, the casual gamers, the strategy aficionado on anyone with the slightest interest, this game is BRILLIANT in all aspects.
game-hours: 141.6
review: The damn cutscene at the start is misleading!
game-hours: 314.3
review: Can't shank anyone 0/10 game of the year
game-hours: 87.1
review: good game. dlc not worth it though
game-hours: 169.0
review: Review here.
game-hours: 1691.5
review: One of the best strategy games of our time.
game-hours: 383.6
review: I bought this and played it with my friends for a couple hours. They soon left (I think) and then I went into singleplayer. I made "some" progress, then my friends called me up to play again. Then I realized what time it was. 10/10
game-hours: 378.2
review: i played this on free weak and i have withdraw like symptoms and it ed up my sleeping 10/10
game-hours: 210.0
review: Great game 10/10
game-hours: 16.7
review: Definatly a must have game!
game-hours: 21.3
review: Made me lose track of time whilst an apocalypse happened around me 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 170.7
review: Friendships have been broken over this game however we still play it together. They are now my worst enemies. Ten outta Ten.
game-hours: 9.8
review: thanks to this game now I just want to see the world on fire
game-hours: 7.6
review: ghandi
game-hours: 146.2
review: This game was a highly enjoyable game at all levels. In the beginning, you are still getting used to it and the exploration part is the most fun part in my opinion. When you discover more lands, civilizations, and tehniques. Later on after you have mastered everything, the strategy part becomes the most fun part. The game offers unlimited strategies and unique gameplay every time. The one downside to the game is if your PC specs aren't quite good enough as when the map gets larger and larger, the game tends to lag. But regardless, this game should be owned by everyone. Rating: 8.8/10
game-hours: 111.9
review: 10/10 Spent many hrs taking over the world... it's oddly satisfying to wipe out an entire civilization and then move on to the next one!
game-hours: 461.2
review: great game
game-hours: 97.6
review: Turn-based strategy game, with alot of fun 8/10
game-hours: 113.8
review: when you think you play this game for 3 hours and then you realize you already waste your time for 3 days
game-hours: 122.7
review: Ei laaik it
game-hours: 227.9
review: Very good RTS. Definitely my favorite one to date. Would recommend 10/10
game-hours: 19.0
review: Fun game, just be aware that gold doesn't come with Brave new world, but the game itself is fantastic.
game-hours: 102.0
review: you have put many hours into one save. then washington begins to  with you and he embargos you and start sending other countries to fight you. then your people begins to be unhappy and your economy and reaserch are collapsing.this results in barbarians, that pilage all your resources. a couple minutes later he declears peace. but he still s with you. then gandhi shows up and he is friendly and all. and then after he gets nukes, he backstabbs you and sends nukes on you. 11/10 for realism.  gandhi and Washington..............
game-hours: 188.1
review: This is the best game i have ever played omg yes plz get it its hot as heck yaaas listen to me im telling you.
game-hours: 35.8
review: BEST GAME EVER!! Very fun.
game-hours: 75.3
review: im so loney someone plz get this game!!!!!
game-hours: 44.0
review: I played Huns, and i reenacted the Huns taking over Rome against Colton, where I force em to give me gold
game-hours: 196.7
review: This is just simply great game. Nothing else. :3
game-hours: 38.8
review: i dont know what people are talking about im playing right now andi havent lost track of the time or been attacked by gahndi once oh give me a second i just gotta move this unit .................... HOLY CRUD ITS 2:00 NOW AND IVE BEEN NUKED BY GAHNDI
game-hours: 195.1
review: Great game but you will lose all your time...
game-hours: 28.3
review: Fun. Takes a while though. You need a lot of patience to play this game, and don't expect to finish a match in one sitting.
game-hours: 36.3
review: I really have only had the chance to finish a few games, but seeing the other players hours logged and my own (and mind you i have only finished 2 games at 36 hours) so its full of basically never ending contect, must have game! 10/10 Potatos
game-hours: 209.1
review: This game is FANTASTIC! It is a brilliant strategy game, in which you keep a certain civilisation (or civilization) afloat for as long as you can. You do research, get culture, plan stuff out, build wonders, it's just marvelous! Go play it!
game-hours: 4.7
review: This game has Gandhi, so it is good.
game-hours: 23.5
review: This is an awesome game to play with your m8's!
game-hours: 1144.9
review: This is coming from someone with no background in the Civilization series, but this is easily the best 4x game I've played, and very high on my favorite games list. The game offers 5 distinct victory conditions, but near infinite ways to achieve them. Most of the Civilizations themselves are well-balanced and fun to play. Even if some civs are superior in one way or another, that doesn't mean that you can't win, and through good strategy (and lots of violence) you can turn the tides on an unfavorable situation. Not to mention the scenarios are REALLY fun and well-thought out. On top of all that is the mod system that makes it easy to install and uninstall various mods in the workshop. Don't like the way something works? Bored of the normal civs? Frustrated with balance? There's a mod for almost everything. Still, there are some glaring flaws with the game that can't be ignored. The biggest one being that the two $40 expansion packs are ESSENTIAL. The base game is pretty much a straight downgrade, and lacks most of the balance patches that Gods and Kings and Brave New World brought. The next is that the AI is pretty damn stupid. They'll vote against their interests in the World Congress, march on your cities with 8 catapults and 2 melee units (and then won't be able to capture because of it), and often ignore any diplomatic penalties that they may incur by conquering city-states. And it doesn't get any smarter the further up in difficulty you go, the game just gives bonuses (some bordering on ) to the AI. This makes it less of a challenge and more of a grind-fest to win, and on deity it just limits you to a few strategies. Still, despite the all flaws, it's a damn good game with near infinite replayability. I highly recommend it, but make sure you can fork over the money for the expansions first.
game-hours: 1041.2
review: So good, just can't stop. You'll find yourself saying :"ok I'll just play 10 more turns then I'm done" and the next thing you know, the sun is coming up. You'll want to go eat or get a drink as soo as you finish this wonder, but an hour has gone by. If you need to be a productive person do not play this game, it is highly addictive. Personally, I uninstall it during exam week because I have done accidental all nighters on this game with the just one more turn mindset. 8/10 gameplay 9/10 Graphics/U.I. 6/10 Music 10/10 replayability 9/10 Steam Workshop support (There is literally every civ you could want from Patrick Star to Hitler) 8.4/10 Buy this game (during the sale with all the dlc)
game-hours: 38.3
review: if your game doesn't crash you are playing it wrong
game-hours: 83.6
review: Such game, many funz.
game-hours: 143.1
review: Great Game, good for strategy gamers with a lot of time.
game-hours: 147.5
review: Really good game, it totally rocks my world!
game-hours: 139.5
review: This game is addicting what else is there to say just one more move... fun to play with friends
game-hours: 52.6
review: Amazing. You can play this game for hours and never get bored. Always different experience each time you play.
game-hours: 519.3
review: It is a wonderful game. Started out with civ 4, was awsome. If you really wawnt to go above and beyond Civ 4, you really need to get all of the expansion packs, otherwise it doesn't have as many features and feels like the only good thing is the graphics. I really like the game. BUY IT NOW!
game-hours: 51.3
review: I predict many hours ahead in my future... Steam Sales ruined my life GG
game-hours: 62.3
review: Really fun. It just get better with friends online too. Perfect if you have the time for a good marathon game.
game-hours: 909.8
review: Awesome game! Be aware it's addicting as hell!
game-hours: 1110.4
review: Hours of fun, a must-have game for people liking strategy with or without thinking (greatly balanced)
game-hours: 775.1
review: Bit expensive with all the DLC but, is still plenty of fun if your into a turn based take-over the world game.
game-hours: 219.5
review: The first game in the Civ series not to be better than the one before, but not in a bad way. It's different. Gameplay has been changed so much, this is not really the evolution of Civ IV, but a reimagining of the whole game. New hexagonal grid, improved victory conditions, completely revamped politics and religions (moreso with DLCs Gods and Kings/Brave New World), civilizations that change the gameplay much more. Now you can't stack military units. Even this simple change makes war so much different. Now you can't siege a city with 50 riflemen on the same square or defend it with with 40 pikemen. If you liked older Civ games or you just like turn based strategy, you wil LOVE this game SO MUCH.
game-hours: 112.1
review: Teaches history better than my teacher
game-hours: 21.5
review: It is a grogeous game but it is manly for poeple who have the time to sit for a good hour or so... Highly Recommend this game.
game-hours: 79.5
review: Lots of fun! <3
game-hours: 77.9
review: a789sdgvoiserverb
game-hours: 307.2
review: This is a game with a love - hate relationship for me. I hate the spawning 90% of the time- any neighbour is instantly hostile and will attempt to conquer you within 50 turns. I also hate that if you don't have iron you are screwed until the renaissance era as every unit (including catapults which are wooden?) requires it. Civ 5 is a great, but complex, game. It has so much depth to it, many factors affect population, technology, culture, productivity and ultimately the economy. You can choose its path through policies- opting for capitalist freedom, communist order or facist autocracy. The introduction of the nuke sub and guided missiles have also changed warfare entirely, as the late game is dominated by secrecy as opposed to standing armies. The tech tree is abit flawed- I fail to see how you can build a nuclear plant without discovering electricity, or create planes without electricity or combustion techs? A great game in its own right, complete with incredible graphics, but yet i feel Civ IV has the edge. The workshop really saves this game in a way- the game is boring after two or three playthroughs, so mods on units, civs and entirely new concepts keep the game exciting. I'd give it a 8.5 / 10 score. P.S Dont get add ons, they suck :P
game-hours: 306.8
review: like a boos
game-hours: 13.3
review: 0/10 would create a time paradox and change history again
game-hours: 114.7
review: 10/10
game-hours: 194.8
review: you ghandi
game-hours: 836.1
review: ghandi becomes a warmonger 10/10
game-hours: 24.9
review: I never realized that this was actually fun.
game-hours: 251.8
review: Civ 5 has nukes
game-hours: 125.5
review: Civilization V is the Great Strategy game You're can make a Big Civilization and social with other civilizations you're can fight with them or be friendly all decision's i yours
game-hours: 22.0
review: This game is pretty good. A lot of fun with friends especially.
game-hours: 93.7
review: Perfect way to lose about three days of your life, all in one sitting, and it's even better when you lose it with a bunch of friends with about the same motivation to nuke everything as you.
game-hours: 461.6
review: Good strategic elements. High amount of replay value. Getting the steam achievements also make for interesting challenges allowing you explore the other leaders and civs.
game-hours: 190.0
review: Quite addictive, worth it.
game-hours: 4.9
review: i didnt get alot of time to try everything in this game ! but i can tell , this game rocks
game-hours: 180.4
review: I love this game, it can be really fun to play with friends when you're winning and fun when you're not :3. This game is really cool because you can do so much, and it is also a game that requires you to think, use skill and strategy rather than simply pointing and shooting, and it has so many details and interesting game mechanics while not being overly-complicated.
game-hours: 19.1
review: once you buy this game and know how to play it your butt will stuck on a chair for a day .. 10/10
game-hours: 126.2
review: tfw ghandi declaration of war
game-hours: 0.1
review: ING AMAZING
game-hours: 378.1
review: With all the DLC, its probably one of the most entertaining games I have played.
game-hours: 67.3
review: 8/10
game-hours: 177.3
review: Ghandi nuked me 11/10 realism
game-hours: 375.2
review: This is a very cmplex and deep game full of twists and turns, it takes you on a great journey that consists of death, joy and victory. I hated every moment.
game-hours: 68.5
review: I strongly recomed this game to any RTS fan.
game-hours: 22.4
review: 7.8/10 Too much water
game-hours: 251.6
review: Do not play this game while on the toilet, it's rude hog the bathroom. On another note, stop knocking, I'll be out in a sec.
game-hours: 16.7
review: I had a whale. 10/10
game-hours: 486.4
review: Pretty good so far, only played one game.
game-hours: 36.5
review: Very nice and interresting game
game-hours: 87.0
review: I like bread
game-hours: 62.8
review: Press button make city, make buildings, create units, attack city, destroy city, capture city. Repeat and win.
game-hours: 59.4
review: The greatest strat game every! 'Nuff said
game-hours: 213.2
review: This game, although much simpler from previous titles, is a very good addition to the Civilisation series. A far more complex religion system, a more appealing UI and better AI were welcome improvements however I have found that without brave new world however this game does lack some much needed depth
game-hours: 366.0
review: This game is absolutely amazing, and especially the first few playthroughs. But consider this: one game seems impossible to finish in less than 8 hours. And it is best that you look at all the tutorials in the world before starting, even though the learning curve is not as steep as for similar products. While it may slowly lose its appeal after multiple playthroughs, it's definitely worth the purchase if only for those fantastic first few. You'll end up only playing it once every few months, but still enjoy the hell out of it. I'll go out on a limb and say that should you have any kids, they will definitely benefit from the educational side of this game. You pick up a ton of historical facts without ever noticing. It is very important that you either buy the complete package, though. Otherwise don't bother. Vanilla Civ5, as well as the Gods&Kings expansions were almost terrible on their own. The Brave New World DLC is an absolute must! Do not bother buying this game if you are not going to get the complete pack. Overall I am very pleased with Civ5. Just remember to buy the complete pack. Civ5 was a complete mess before the expansion packs.
game-hours: 48.6
review: It can be a bit frustrating at first when you don't know how to play but after awhile it gets really fun. And even more fun with friends.
game-hours: 110.2
review: Dont. Trust. Anyone.... BEST GAME EVAR!!!!
game-hours: 79.1
review: If you haven't played Civilization in the past or any other turn based strategy games this is a good one to start with. The graphics are decent and there is plenty of content to keep you buys for hours. These types of game are pretty slow by design so anyone looking for some action should keep looking. If you want something you can load up and take your time with then this is a perfect choice!
game-hours: 608.0
review: Good
game-hours: 47.5
review: U WAN RERIGION? TO BAD HERE NUKE.
game-hours: 517.0
review: Terrible without DLC. Good thing I'm not poor. 10/10
game-hours: 319.7
review: Civ V is on of those games that you have heard great things about, but aren't sure if you'll like it. You buy it when its on sale and then immediatley lose your entire day playing it, strategizing on when you should declare war or who should be your ally. It does have some minor flaws but the fun you have both by yourself or with friends outsizes the few flaws I found.
game-hours: 54.8
review: Brillaint, hands down brilliant.
game-hours: 197.5
review: I AM THE AZTECS
game-hours: 1087.7
review: Pretty boring.
game-hours: 117.5
review: A strategic game that requires planning ahead and cunning. This game requires you to think of how the world will react to your actions of taking over a country, or trading with an enemy country. Espionage, Religon, Trade, Culture and more in a game that will not allow you to stop playing. Be warned that you can be playing this game and then you'll realize that it's 3:00 A.M.
game-hours: 66.3
review: Boom, Boom  Bomb ze jews!
game-hours: 142.5
review: This game is so addictive i have played it so much and is really replayable as every game is different
game-hours: 110.2
review: 3 Civs told me that Gandhi was a danger to the world. I didn't believe them. Gandhi defeated one of them. I think Gandhi is researching the Manhattan Project. I think Gandhi is a danger to the world. 10/10 would fear Gandhi again...
game-hours: 231.8
review: Great game, and would suggest paying the extra 10 for Gold
game-hours: 4.8
review: Ghandi killed everyone 11/10
game-hours: 25.5
review: yes
game-hours: 69.6
review: If u like war our old stuff also counterys youll like this
game-hours: 102.0
review: you have put many hours into one save. then washington begins to  with you and he embargos you and start sending other countries to fight you. then your people begins to be unhappy and your economy and reaserch are collapsing.this results in barbarians, that pilage all your resources. a couple minutes later he declears peace. but he still s with you. then gandhi shows up and he is friendly and all. and then after he gets nukes, he backstabbs you and sends nukes on you. 11/10 for realism.  gandhi and Washington..............
game-hours: 10.9
review: this is good game
game-hours: 249.3
review: The chain had to break somewhere I guess. Civ II, III, & IV all brought a new dimension to a solid foundation. Whereas, Civ V sucked so much that it took all of those progressions and pretty much just flushed them down the toilet. I can't get pass the reminder thrust upon me through the clunky  interface as to how much this game truly sucks. Slow, Boring, depthless gameplay provide a sad fate for the Civilization franchise. We had fun while it lasted Sid.
game-hours: 64.1
review: Ever wanted to build a massive empire from a small 5 man tent site to a sprawling nation ecompassing entire continents? Too bad! You've got massive unhappiness from that many cities! Ever wanted to field an army to rival that of Rome in the second Punic war against Carthage? Too bad! All that unit maintenance is leaving you in debt! Civ's an awesome game, but man can it be frustrating some times. I've never been more let down by being told I could do all these wonderful, massive things and then not being able to do them to my imagination... Don't get me wrong, Civ's a great game, and I heartily recommend it to anybody who enjoys the idea of running a civilization, I just think it could be less restricting at times.
game-hours: 160.0
review: Found out ethiopia hated me..... now their no more 10/10
game-hours: 84.5
review: This game is great. The multiplayer is really fun, strategy is really fun, this game is just really fun, it makes you think . It easy to get sucked into this game
game-hours: 219.1
review: it is Fun To Destroy Civilisations in a blast,a strike,in a single shot "i do not suffer from insanity i enjoy every minute of it" For those Who enjoy Chaos
game-hours: 141.6
review: Really good! Hours of enjoyment Warning: Insanely addictive
game-hours: 202.9
review: i liek dus swegsheet
game-hours: 75.9
review: Managed to develop nuclear technology by the 1700's Realism/10
game-hours: 41.4
review: ! ,  .  ,    ,   ,     .     ,    .. ,   -  (  ).       ,  ,
game-hours: 165.7
review: Do you want to rewrite history? Now's your chance. 100/100
game-hours: 327.6
review: Not going to lie, Game may look weird, but its amazing. Building your empire, attacking your enemys, the lost track of time, this game is worth the buy.
game-hours: 34.2
review: 10/10 when playing singleplayer because there's no one to wait for. 0/10 when playing multiplayer because there's everyone to wait for.
game-hours: 41.0
review: I've put more time into this game than most so I'd say I'm qualified to write this. I really enjoy the gun attachments and the killstreaks. However, the nudity is VERY excessive and overblown. I'd rather jerk off my grandfather sometimes.
game-hours: 33.2
review: Got Nuked By Rome 10/10
game-hours: 411.2
review: This is probably the best game I have ever played. The mixture of solid game play, diverse civilizations, with countless different methods to win. This should definitly be played by everyone.
game-hours: 115.2
review: This is the best game steam ever introduced and succeeded magnificent
game-hours: 102.7
review: Amazing game 999,999,999,999,999,999.999/10
game-hours: 99.6
review: Either the most exhilerating or excruciating game I've played for a while
game-hours: 633.0
review: Best strategy game I have ever played
game-hours: 659.4
review: Very fun strategy game.
game-hours: 1447.3
review: Good stategy game that may or may not teach you some history.
game-hours: 68.0
review: Yes good
game-hours: 134.5
review: Its OK .... but its really a pain in the  that in more advanced rounced the calculation of the moves can take upt to 2 minutes ....  !!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 581.6
review: it's good
game-hours: 368.3
review: Rating: 93/100 Awards: BRONZE GAME AWARD SILVER GAME AWARD GOLD GAME AWARD GAME OF THE YEAR 2013 & 2014 MOST PLAYED GAME 2014 Comment: "Extremely fun game - a must-buy!" Reason: This game is a very good choice for anyone who likes strategy. It is fun to play with friends or just with AI. Unfortunately, AI are a bit easy, but for newer players, the AI should prove challenging on the higher levels. I personally find singleplayer a bit boring after playing lots of games, but multiplayer is always very good, especially since you have real competition. I very highly recommend you buy this game, as it is one of the best around.
game-hours: 51.0
review: Best RTS on the planet, ya g
game-hours: 339.2
review: Softcore strategy game, but still fun.
game-hours: 62.1
review: Amazing, the DLC is even better!!!
game-hours: 74.4
review: Its a game. And I like it.
game-hours: 22.6
review: The best time killer game. You wont notice how quickly time passes by and that is how good this game is.
game-hours: 99.6
review: I found Ebolaism
game-hours: 138.5
review: While civ 5 seems very advanced in many ways, anyone could easily hop on and start learning how to play: easy to learn, hard to master. Civ 5 is kind of like a gateway into strategy games... the strategy game for dummies. Honestly, most of the game seems to be based on numbers. In a real strategic situation, things are a little more advanced. Like even if a division of ww2 infantry were to face a division of musketmen, the musketmen could outstrategize them and win. But technological advancements are well implemented. Effects of nukes dont seem as catastrophic or remorseful after you use them. Lots of wonderful touches added, all dlc heavily reccomended. Being able to win other than by world domination is very cool. But all in all about... 8.25/10
game-hours: 1122.9
review: CIV 5 IS AMAZING PLZ GET PLZ PLAY
game-hours: 188.1
review: This is the best game i have ever played omg yes plz get it its hot as heck yaaas listen to me im telling you.
game-hours: 35.8
review: BEST GAME EVER!! Very fun.
game-hours: 15.7
review: This is a awesome strategic game!! Wound recomend buying it!
game-hours: 27.1
review: "Gandhi has completed the Manhattan Project." "Gandhi declares war." "Gandhi sends in Giant Death Robots". "Gandhi has launched nuclear missiles". "Gandhi wins by domination of the world." 10/10 would curse Gandhi again.
game-hours: 62.0
review: Awesome enought said
game-hours: 125.5
review: Amazingly fun game! It's a must play for all!
game-hours: 10.9
review: this is good game
game-hours: 249.3
review: The chain had to break somewhere I guess. Civ II, III, & IV all brought a new dimension to a solid foundation. Whereas, Civ V sucked so much that it took all of those progressions and pretty much just flushed them down the toilet. I can't get pass the reminder thrust upon me through the clunky  interface as to how much this game truly sucks. Slow, Boring, depthless gameplay provide a sad fate for the Civilization franchise. We had fun while it lasted Sid.
game-hours: 119.1
review: Civilization V is a very complex but easy to follow game with many different ways to play it you can invite some friends or people you don't know to have a massive battle for victory with the unique methods of winning: culture, domination, time and science. You can load up some scenarios to play without having to start from scratch. or maybe the single player mode catches your eye by setting up your game just how you like it. Never have I seen a game so fun and player friendly in a very long time. Once you start playing, you cannot stop! If you enjoy a fantastic balance between strategy and action buy this game right now. I'd give it a 9.5/10
game-hours: 122.1
review: 1.Allys with Ghandi 2.Ghandi makes nukes 3.Ghandi says nukes are to be used on russia 4.I feel safe and trust him 5.He nukes all of my citys destroying them 6. GG Ghandi 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 115.0
review: Civ 5 is just an amazing game if you have both expansions, Brave New World and Gods+Kings. IF NOT, then the game will suck. So it is basically a DLC-driven game which is not that recommendable, but the game is just so great and soooo addictive. Man. Never support a DLC . Except for this one. Go get it.
game-hours: 175.5
review: Great game buy it NOW!
game-hours: 8.9
review: Thumbs up for historical accuracy. I remember learning about the time Ghandi nuked Napoleon in second grade.
game-hours: 302.4
review: All I do is play as Bismarck and Attack people As soon as I get panzers. Best Game.
game-hours: 14.9
review: I can understand how people spent thousands of hours on this game. It is really fun and addicting, just like that cocaine stuff.
game-hours: 67.3
review: +1 Brave New World and Gods and Kings make the game better.
game-hours: 118.6
review: What's not to like? It's fun!
game-hours: 107.2
review: This is one of my favourite games, I know that its a bit too expensive (lets not talk about all the DLC :S) but its great fun, you may thing that strategy games are boring or too dificult, but this game is awesome and easy to learn how to play. Also if you have a younger cousin that is just crap at all video games then you are gonna love this game, you literally win by double the points and they will always rage. Overall I would give this game 8/10 Also never trust Gandhi!
game-hours: 116.7
review: An extensive and deep strategy game that is easy to learn and consistently fun. A large array of content, enhanced by numerous DLC packs, a blast with friends, singleplayer can drag over time. Relaxing in times of peace, and thrilling in war.
game-hours: 32.3
review: Best strategy you will ever play
game-hours: 416.6
review: 10:00 PM: Okay, this is my last turn. 4:30 AM: GOD DAMNIT Rinse and repeat. 10/10
game-hours: 101.0
review: Got sucked into this pretty quickly, but you have to spend quite some time to learn how exactly the game works to begin with... And expect single rounds to take up multiple hours as well. But if you are patient and like strategy games, ya oughta go for it.
game-hours: 319.7
review: Civ V is on of those games that you have heard great things about, but aren't sure if you'll like it. You buy it when its on sale and then immediatley lose your entire day playing it, strategizing on when you should declare war or who should be your ally. It does have some minor flaws but the fun you have both by yourself or with friends outsizes the few flaws I found.
game-hours: 54.8
review: Brillaint, hands down brilliant.
game-hours: 64.1
review: Ever wanted to build a massive empire from a small 5 man tent site to a sprawling nation ecompassing entire continents? Too bad! You've got massive unhappiness from that many cities! Ever wanted to field an army to rival that of Rome in the second Punic war against Carthage? Too bad! All that unit maintenance is leaving you in debt! Civ's an awesome game, but man can it be frustrating some times. I've never been more let down by being told I could do all these wonderful, massive things and then not being able to do them to my imagination... Don't get me wrong, Civ's a great game, and I heartily recommend it to anybody who enjoys the idea of running a civilization, I just think it could be less restricting at times.
game-hours: 37.6
review: it is a fun and stratigic game on surviving in the new age its kinda like rust but much better and Awsome, Hope you will get this game or try it.
game-hours: 130.6
review: 7/7 It was good, but is not as good as COD - IGN
game-hours: 216.2
review: RUINED MY LIFE 10/10
game-hours: 204.9
review: great game DLC is very much worth it
game-hours: 157.3
review: You can take over the world as Gandhi.
game-hours: 235.5
review: >Buys game >Decides to play for 2 hours to see if it's cool >Builds some buildings >Conquers asshat Napoleon >Realizes I have been playing for 5+ hours. 10/10 Would play again
game-hours: 50.9
review: Gandhi.
game-hours: 64.4
review: Feel like playing a game for 11 hours? This is the game for you!
game-hours: 245.6
review: Remove the ing barbarians, Firaxis. I refuse to write any more until this is done. 8/10
game-hours: 35.7
review: Im lost for words at this point......This game is just........one of the best every second of it is just awsome. I dont just recommend this I feel terrible for those who dont play this.
game-hours: 12.5
review: Open boarders are for queers
game-hours: 17.5
review: I haven't played a lot, but the depth of this game is incredible.
game-hours: 817.3
review: Helped with my Honors World History Class. God bless. 11/10
game-hours: 73.9
review: Sparta was built on top of plutonium. 11/10
game-hours: 308.9
review: A Got to Have Game! PLAY OR DIE
game-hours: 118.6
review: What's not to like? It's fun!
game-hours: 119.1
review: Civilization V is a very complex but easy to follow game with many different ways to play it you can invite some friends or people you don't know to have a massive battle for victory with the unique methods of winning: culture, domination, time and science. You can load up some scenarios to play without having to start from scratch. or maybe the single player mode catches your eye by setting up your game just how you like it. Never have I seen a game so fun and player friendly in a very long time. Once you start playing, you cannot stop! If you enjoy a fantastic balance between strategy and action buy this game right now. I'd give it a 9.5/10
game-hours: 122.1
review: 1.Allys with Ghandi 2.Ghandi makes nukes 3.Ghandi says nukes are to be used on russia 4.I feel safe and trust him 5.He nukes all of my citys destroying them 6. GG Ghandi 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 115.0
review: Civ 5 is just an amazing game if you have both expansions, Brave New World and Gods+Kings. IF NOT, then the game will suck. So it is basically a DLC-driven game which is not that recommendable, but the game is just so great and soooo addictive. Man. Never support a DLC . Except for this one. Go get it.
game-hours: 404.9
review: Ooh... this game.... let me explain. there have only been two issues in this game, one was a graphical thing. not a big deal. the second... the second was losing the ability to save. so that was fun... this game plays well, handles well, looks great, has excellent AI (sometimes) and has infinite replayability, no game will ever be the same. with around 40 civs, 280 achieves and 10 scenarios and hundreds of map combinations... i dont knnow how you'd run out of content COMPLETIONISTS NOTE: Hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of hours. have fun :)
game-hours: 45.5
review: 2pm - Start Civ 5, go as Dodo cause it sounds like . 5pm - Start war with Atilla the hun cause hes a jewish nazi. 10pm - Finally hit turn 100, I can now have horses 5am - Turn 200, Atilla is now dead. 1 year later - Turn 300, I'm one of the last 5 civilisations. A millenium - Turn 500, I won! Time wasting game, veri gr8888
game-hours: 116.7
review: An extensive and deep strategy game that is easy to learn and consistently fun. A large array of content, enhanced by numerous DLC packs, a blast with friends, singleplayer can drag over time. Relaxing in times of peace, and thrilling in war.
game-hours: 32.3
review: Best strategy you will ever play
game-hours: 416.6
review: 10:00 PM: Okay, this is my last turn. 4:30 AM: GOD DAMNIT Rinse and repeat. 10/10
game-hours: 406.9
review: It's ok I only played like 5 minutes of it but it's hard to keep track of the time while you play.
game-hours: 40.6
review: Best Civ game ever!!
game-hours: 52.7
review: Dem nukes. 10/10
game-hours: 123.9
review: Although this is one of my favorite games, if you don't currently own it, I would hold off. The one main reason is that the DLCs are moneygrabs (but dont get me wrong, they really change the gameplay of the game). If you love strategy games then this one would be perfect for you. In hindsight, I would have waited to but it (I bought the gold edition) simply because they continually release DLCs that arent the cheapest (for example: brave new world and gods and kings)
game-hours: 204.9
review: great game DLC is very much worth it
game-hours: 62.1
review: you Ghandi you piece of
game-hours: 123.9
review: Although this is one of my favorite games, if you don't currently own it, I would hold off. The one main reason is that the DLCs are moneygrabs (but dont get me wrong, they really change the gameplay of the game). If you love strategy games then this one would be perfect for you. In hindsight, I would have waited to but it (I bought the gold edition) simply because they continually release DLCs that arent the cheapest (for example: brave new world and gods and kings)
game-hours: 62.1
review: you Ghandi you piece of
game-hours: 164.9
review: Pro: Build your civ from the stoneage towards the spaceage. Varied maps and game options. Mostly peacefull gameplay, which can be quite relaxing, if you are looking for something else from the usual. Con: Terrible programming (32 bit LUA). Performance issues, even if you have more then capable hardware (i5 3570k+gtx780) resulting in longer turns then necessary, ultimately forcing you to play small maps. Bad netcode making it hard to join matches and creating lag during the game. The interface could be alot better. Many basic things are simply not present such as unit overview. Instead the computer forcibly leads you along from one unit to the next, but sometimes a few of the units get missed or they wake up from their sleep again. In short: It is an oversight of epic proportions and a major sadness as there are not many nice games such as this, that dont require you to kill. Verdict: 7-8 bucks is definitely fine for the complete edition and you can find it for that price online. If they fix the issues in a new title im also willing to pay more, but not like this.
game-hours: 84.3
review: i rate 8/8 no b8 m8 pretty gr8 just buy dlc or its 8/8 gr8 b8
game-hours: 196.6
review: -Plays as Babylon with intensions of getting a Science Victory -Plays on Earth Map -Starts on South East Africa -Pretty good start I got like 3 Silk -Wonder Spams for the entire game -Finds Brazil as North West Neighbor (Situated in West Africa) -3 City States in Central Africa -Finds China situated in the Middle East -Forms a Triple Alliance with Brazil and China -Finds Zulu's in West Europe -Finds Poland in East Europe (Like European Russia) -Explores World -Forms Quad-Friendship with Poland China and Brazil -Finds Denmark bordering Poland, finds Greece in Russia (Western and Eastern Siberia) -Finds Spain in ALL of North America -Finds Netherlands in China, Finds Aztecs in Thailand -Finds Huns in all of South America (Once i found it, an unknown civ lost it's capital and was elminated, it turned out to be Mongolia) -Proved the world was round. -Forms Friendship with Spain -Settles in Sahara (Cotton, Gold, Marble and Salt gg) Names the city 'Sahara' (Wow Soviet so creative) - Polish Chinese Brazillian and Babylonian coalition 'Crusade' against Zulus -Does nothing but has strongest Military -Zulu's give me Western City (Situated in France/England) -Renames the City 'Crusade' -Danish Greek Zulu Invaision of Poland. -Greek invaison of Denmark -Denmark is an enemy of Babylon, China, Brazil, Poland, Spain, Greece and Netherlands -Denmark eliminated -Chinese Babylonian Coalition against Aztecs. -Does nothing -Tries to bribe Netherland 700 gold to fight Aztec, I wasnt friends so I accidentally gave them al my gold per turn(lol) -Declares War on Netherlands to get money back -Aztecs give me southernmost city -Destroys Dutch Navy -Dutch Price of Peace 70 gold perturn -Gives Aztec city it to Netherlands for 35 Gold per-turn -lolol profit -Friends with Brazil, China, Poland, Spain, Netherlands -Enemies: Aztec, Zulu ||| Neutral: Greece and Huns (They were friendly but im not falling for that ****) -Greek Invaison of Poland -Poland Forwared settled on China so China Invaded Polish forward settled city -Spainish, Aztec, Dutch and Babylonian Forces declares war against Greeks -Does nothing against Greeks except some Navy skirmishes -Greeks give me Danish City. -Dutch and Aztecs Forces clear Austrailia Greek Forces. West Austrailia is Dutch, East Austrailia is Aztec -Liberates it -Denmark wants to be friends -Accepts -China gets pissed -'Deal with it' -Second Coalition-Zulu War -Gets a city due to peace terms, razes the city in Scandinavia -Was top for everything except Land, Crops, and Manufactured Goods (Those things were topped by Greece) -Adopts Freedom -Sets and invaison force to Huns because Spain asked for assistance -Allied with 80% of City States -Greeks hate me -Invades Huns via City States -Razes 2 cities -Gets a temporary city for peace ( I didnt get Mongolian cities so I was gonna prepare for a more stronger invaison) -Brazil, Spain and China Adopt Order -Netherlands and Greece get Autocracy -Second Hunnic-Babylonian War - Embargos Aztecs, Greeks and Zulu's -Liberates Mongolia -Mongolian-Babylonian Friendship -Spain are enemies with Mongolia but we're chill -Gives Mongolia another city I took -Hunnic Peace. Sets most of military forces from South America and some forces from the homeland for War against Greece -China invades Dutch-Forward-Settled Colony in Egypt and captures it -Decides not to Forward Settle China (Never planned to lololol) -Aztecs Adopt Freedom, Huns adopt Autocracy -Sets freedom for Wolrd Ideology -Friends and enemies get pissed at me -Proposition passed -Multiple Wars against The Aztecs and Zulu's. Gets a further flourishing happy empire as a result when they finish. -Cue everyone except Brazil switching to Freedom -Greek City in Asia rebels and joins my empire -Gives it to the Dutch for 50 gold per turn -Dutch razes the city -lol wut profit? -Gets Nuclear Missle (Spain, China, Poland, Mongolia and Denmark are scared) -Brazil turns Guarded (why ;w; you were my major trading partner) -Turns on Netherlands because they denounced me and turned all mean because they become friends with Huns -Aztec China Babylonian War against Netherlands -***** up a big chunk of Dutch Navy before my one Nuc. Sub. was overwhealmed -Vancouver is Captured by the Dutch (No my city state ;w;) -Spain is still at War with the Huns and the Greeks -Danish-Babylonian Allaiance vs Greeks starts (Fourth Babylonian-Greek War) -Denmark dies again ( ugh ) -Liberates Warsaw (Poland was mainly screwed by the Danes and then the Greeks, They had two cities sandwiching Warsaw before the war) -Liberates Roskild (Gives it to Denmark) -Spainsh-Dutch War -Spain looses its only Asian Colony (Fun Fact: Spain also had a Colony situated in Spain lololol) -Greeks capture Brussles(lol it was in sandwiched/encirlcled in Greek Territory, goodbye my city state ;w;) -Captures Tunsburg (planned to give it back to Denmark after I upgraded my miltary) -Looses 1 XCOM Squad and 2(all) of my seige units while healing and upgrading -Turns out Citadels damage/kill your units even if no enemy unit occupys it and if your units are next to it -Welp, I cant liberate The Danish Cities/Brussles anymore, but I wont give up -Accidentaly gave Tunsburg to Poland -Whoopsie ugh -Tries to Demand/Trade it back, but fails -Ugh -1 part away from a Space Victory even though Greece won the ISS Contest BECAUSE HE USED ALL HIS CITIES FOR PRODUCTION THAT WIDE-BUILING WH- - (Fun fact: Had 3 Cities stituated in East and South Africa, 1 city in North Africa (Situated in Morroco, Western Sahara, and Mauritania) and 1 city in Western Europe ( Situated in England and France). Greece has 20-30 cites spanning/situated from Western Siberia to Northern Japan. -[Another fun fact: I like using the word situated] -Wins a Diplomatic Victory even though I only voted 42 (all of mine) Delegates and you need 47 to win -Denmark and Mongolia voted for me -Are you serious -Ugh -I haven't won a Science Victory yet (Only victory I didnt get) One of the best and hilarious games of Civ I played but it was kind annoying at Late Game because of Brazil and I WON A STINKING DIPLO VICTORY AND I WAS 1 PART AWAY FROM A SCIENCE VICTORY Yeah you get Civ, you can form your own world, form your own history in this game. You get to find out if your civillization can 'Stand the Test of Time', and if you can lead your people to glory It's really fun
game-hours: 52.7
review: Dem nukes. 10/10
game-hours: 157.7
review: Civilization 5 is a 4X strategy game where the idea is to take one of the civilizations in the game from 4000BC to one of 4 victory conditions, or to 2050AD, where whichever civilization that has the most score wins. I wou;dn't reccomend it without Brave new world and Gods & Kings, since without the the game just isn't as good as Civilization 4 Beyond the Sword. However with these expansions the game is fantastic, and will eat up hours of your life.
game-hours: 66.5
review: This game gives me pleasure
game-hours: 1236.2
review: Very enjoyable. Racked up over a 1000 hours and still love it
game-hours: 183.9
review: I used Montezuma to benchmark my graphics card
game-hours: 66.5
review: This game gives me pleasure
game-hours: 313.7
review: The only game where you can become Germany and beat England in WW2. 10/10 Would Hitler again.
game-hours: 53.8
review: Civ 5 is a brilliant game, it fun with friends and over all a really good game, but if your going to buy it i reccomend getting Brave new world with it.
game-hours: 46.4
review: Best economy!
game-hours: 2751.0
review: it's not Civ: Beyond Earth. Aka "The Great Mistake" Civ 5 is a great addictive game, with endless replayability.
game-hours: 336.0
review: I hate ers dont add me . I ing hate your black skin. you suck big black  you  ucker english my  go back to ing Africa you ing noob.  you and your  profile pic.  YOU ING
game-hours: 1154.1
review: pretty much the most astic game out there if you dont like spunk garggle wee wee like most AAA fps's like request of poopy: fantom and warmedow 7
game-hours: 28.0
review: Do you enjoy strategy games? You like being able to rule over an empire that you built from nothing? Do you like seeing your hard work pay off spectacularly? If you answered yes to any of these questions, go buy Civilization V right now. Still not sure? Well here's why this game is amazing. So this game, in case you've never played a Civilization title, allows you to control an empire as a historical ruler starting in the stone age. You develop the wheel, learn mathematics, learn to grow crops, and build mighty armies to crush your foes (or anyone else, because you can basically destroy everyone if you're powerful enough). You adopt social policies like Liberty, Honor, or Piety, all which give you significant bonuses and perks depending on which you choose. You manage your economy, make sure your citizens are happy under your rule, and defend your borders from barbarians and other countries alike. Watch as your empire expands and expands, reaching from sea to sea, taking over those weaker than you. Or, play small, stay to your own borders, and develop more sciences and mathematics. In Civilization, you're free to play your way, and your empire is yours alone. Of course, building your empire from the stone age to the future isn't exactly something that can be done quickly. Be prepared to spend hours, and i mean HOURS on your civilization, since games can last anywhere from a few hours to days. Then, once you're done playing singleplayer, try online civilization building, or try it with a friend. Any way that you play this, I guarantee you will have some fun. So i give this awesome game a 9.5/10, definately worth your money and your time.
game-hours: 571.8
review: Better than a bacon and sausage sandwich :) (Probably)
game-hours: 100.7
review: ERS ALWAYS WANNA GO TO WAR WITH ME
game-hours: 37.5
review: I masturbate to this game...
game-hours: 52.7
review: Your last words to civilization will be "one more turn..." You've been warned.
game-hours: 79.3
review: I dislike most things about this game. Final boss is bugged. Where is this
game-hours: 322.8
review: Warning will cause the following: Sleep Deprivation, Insanity, Nightmares, Keyboards smashed to slithereens, yelling at your computer screen, loss of friends, tempertantrums, countless sleepless nights, Depression, Severe depression, and frequent visits to Civ Anonymous. 10/10 Would Play For Months straight
game-hours: 51.7
review: You can destroy Gandhi and everything he stands for. 10/10
game-hours: 27.8
review: just . It will get it harder than a rock.....
game-hours: 464.5
review: Just.... one.... more turn!
game-hours: 52.9
review: you can blow up little s with nukes and
game-hours: 75.3
review: This is a game which blends strategy and fun together in ways lesser games can not even begin to comprehend. A must buy for all Steam users.
game-hours: 33.4
review: U FUKIN WOT GANDHI???? JUST BECAUSE MY SOLDIER WAS PARKED IN YOUR SPACE DOESNT MEAN YOU GET TO SEND YOUR CURRY ELEPHANT RANGERS TO SLAP HIS  WITH YOUR 5 INCH TRUNKS. THAT'S IT, IT'S WAR. GANDHI?? MORE LIKE... GONE-DI. And so, the entire Indian empire was annexed by the mighty forces of Korea. 17/10 better than your average history textbook
game-hours: 314.5
review: Very good. best gameplay out of most of the Civ games
game-hours: 312.0
review: The best ing   shit  game around
game-hours: 97.0
review: j
game-hours: 188.3
review: ERMAHGERD!!! CIV FERV!!! ITS SUHR URSURM!!! DERFENEHRTLY REHRCURMURND!!!!!!!
game-hours: 138.3
review: Amazing Game. You start in the ancient era, when humans are first deciding to settle down, to courageously leaving behind their nomadic ways. You then must research technologies, whether they be to expand upon your unique culture, advance yourselves to the scientists of the world, or... For WAR! It goes all the way past modern days, leading you to command a huge empire into the future and its bound to be victory. That is, you're not the only one here wanting to dominate the world. There are other major civilizations, or civs, that seek to ally themselves with you, or destroy you, whenever necessary. There are little nations called City-States that aren't looking to win, but are still great allies, or formidable enemies. Its up to you what to make of them. Now go out, lead your people. Show the world your might and intelligence! The universe is at your feet!
game-hours: 42.9
review: pretty awesome
game-hours: 147.3
review: Great 4X game get it!
game-hours: 396.3
review: Amazing game 5/5!
game-hours: 64.0
review: I want to play as Hitler not Bismark.  would go down so differently
game-hours: 58.1
review: awsome
game-hours: 31.1
review: Great Game but you really need Brave New World to make it the best most addicting game ever otherwise great game
game-hours: 250.4
review: No words that have been discovered by the human race can even begin to describe the feelings that you develop while playing this game. Not to mention the engaging realism of world politics and your choice of different, scenarios, victories, friends, enemies and allies. This can provide days of entertainment while thinking its funny that countries like Germany and Poland get along in the completely unique game you have created. This game is absolutely brilliant as a time waster, strategy and muiltiplayer. 9.9/10 Can you lead the people of your chosing to victory? Can you create a civilization that can stand the test of time?
game-hours: 25.6
review: I rate this game 20/10 Ghandis,fun 4 everyone,love this game till the end! <3
game-hours: 105.4
review: This game is for people who seek world domination. This game is for people who are scientific. This game is for people who love culture and stuff. This game is a strategy game. This game, my friends, is for everyone. 101/100
game-hours: 170.0
review: ghandi can never be trusted
game-hours: 54.4
review: jack bought it, must be 10/10 best game ever
game-hours: 115.3
review: Amazingly addictive
game-hours: 164.5
review: i built the great lighthouse next to a small enclosed lake 11/10 would play again
game-hours: 19.2
review: I'm surprised you don't have this game.
game-hours: 427.3
review: BUILD ONLY SCOUTS THIS IS BEST STRAT CUS SCOUTS GO FAST AN DYOU NEED TO GO FAST TO WIN LEIK SANIXC
game-hours: 209.8
review: in this game you are president of the world and must bring freedom to everyone, crushing the commie scum very fun
game-hours: 21.4
review: gud
game-hours: 437.8
review: This my favourite strategy game (excluding moba genre) its balance is great (excluding the Shoshone  people who play them) and its so much fun to play w/ friends. I wish more of my friends owned this.
game-hours: 121.1
review: Just one more turn...
game-hours: 37.8
review: Civ V is a great game. I've spent hours on end playing it. The other players are full of suprises though and they can betray you at any moment. *cough Ghandi* However if you are not in to strategy type games then this is not for you but I do recommend giving it a go because I wasn't so sure about a type of game like this but now I love it! It is also for players of different types: -Those who are out for blood can just murder everyone -Those who like to be peaceful can just win the game with science or cultural There are so many ways to play this game! Anyway I recommend it I've be dragging this on for to long. :P
game-hours: 174.0
review: its good
game-hours: 45.3
review: This, this is some good
game-hours: 17.4
review: My game crashed after i nuked Ghandi, i could not get my revenge 8 / 10
game-hours: 109.7
review: There seems to have been an error saving your review. Please try again later.
game-hours: 96.8
review: Incredible. Purely incredible.
game-hours: 115.9
review: Great game 100% would play again.
game-hours: 545.9
review: sick
game-hours: 126.9
review: GHANDI!!!! I WILL DESTROY HIM
game-hours: 121.1
review: Just one more turn...
game-hours: 37.8
review: Civ V is a great game. I've spent hours on end playing it. The other players are full of suprises though and they can betray you at any moment. *cough Ghandi* However if you are not in to strategy type games then this is not for you but I do recommend giving it a go because I wasn't so sure about a type of game like this but now I love it! It is also for players of different types: -Those who are out for blood can just murder everyone -Those who like to be peaceful can just win the game with science or cultural There are so many ways to play this game! Anyway I recommend it I've be dragging this on for to long. :P
game-hours: 21.4
review: gud
game-hours: 270.4
review: My dad says its good.
game-hours: 67.7
review: Catharine of Russia has huge jugs 10/10
game-hours: 190.6
review: :) :}
game-hours: 14.2
review: its a game its ok 0/10
game-hours: 270.4
review: My dad says its good.
game-hours: 545.9
review: sick
game-hours: 126.9
review: GHANDI!!!! I WILL DESTROY HIM
game-hours: 135.8
review: A very awesome game.
game-hours: 115.9
review: Great game 100% would play again.
game-hours: 67.7
review: Catharine of Russia has huge jugs 10/10
game-hours: 190.6
review: :) :}
game-hours: 152.3
review: Civilization is a amazing turn-based strategy game. You don' need FPS reflex or precision you only need your brain! You can choice between many famous Civilazations to rewite their history, you can shape their culture, military and economic how ever you want What ever your playstyle is Diplomatic, Science or just destroy them with force. Civ is the game for you! 10/10 - It wil consume your time, like a blackhole
game-hours: 170.7
review: This game is absolutely amazing, the way it works, the fact I can kill Bradley, the foundation of empires... Killing Bradley.
game-hours: 220.6
review: Amazing game. Tons of fun with friends, or alone. Hundreds of hours of gameplay, and many many different ways to play. 9/10
game-hours: 108.4
review: Just amazing....
game-hours: 19.2
review: I'm surprised you don't have this game.
game-hours: 1029.4
review: best strategy game out there. no question about it. dlc makes it better, but vanilla is still great.
game-hours: 292.5
review: 10/10 I no longer have friends in the game nor outside of the game.
game-hours: 427.3
review: BUILD ONLY SCOUTS THIS IS BEST STRAT CUS SCOUTS GO FAST AN DYOU NEED TO GO FAST TO WIN LEIK SANIXC
game-hours: 33.2
review: Although I used to play Civ V religiously (One More Turn!), I've turned into Grand Strategy Games for more depth and strategy. Civ V Complete is still a good game but I can never play it the same way after GSGs.
game-hours: 101.7
review: One day, quite recently, I told myself it would be fun to play Civ 5 with a couple of my friends. I had no idea what I was signing up for. I payed well over 5000 gold just for Vancouver to like me, and still our friendship was unstable. I fought for cultural influence, not knowing that my scientists were playing paper football instead of researching anything. My friends, although I was the least threatening civilization, were secretly plotting to nuke my capital hard, as we continued to build our cloth houses and use our bone tools. After pulling through, and offering everything (even free fur) to win the game diplomatically, I lost connection to the game and was unable to witness my civilization's victory. I give this game a solid 374/10 because that was the highest my science was ever able to get.
game-hours: 298.0
review: It's OK 10/10
game-hours: 73.5
review: It gave me diarrhea
game-hours: 191.6
review: This one of the best games I've played. I would recommend completely as long as you are okay with the small consequence of your life being consumed by its amazingness.
game-hours: 83.4
review: 's good yo
game-hours: 83.9
review: It's a very fun strategic game thats kinda like CoH but has alot more things to choose from.
game-hours: 111.0
review: AT LAUNCH IT WAS A PIECE OF DOGSHIT TODAY ITS S TILL NOT AS GOOD AS CIV 4 BUT ITS PLAYABLE ATLEAST
game-hours: 154.6
review: 8/10 As long as you don't go into this game expecting something other than a good, polished clone, then you'll enjoy this one. The scenarios are frankly kind of slow and unrewarding but the basic single player and multiplayer is very good.
game-hours: 27.0
review: I LOVE IT
game-hours: 504.4
review: rad game
game-hours: 373.6
review: Awesome Game!
game-hours: 82.7
review: Its a great game and if you dont like it like my friend Belini, then i dont respect your opinion and you can  off!
game-hours: 50.3
review: Fun, love the game, all the civilations have their own perks and I must try them all :D
game-hours: 211.6
review: Best game I ever played, very similar to Age of Empires which I played as a kid 10/10 A++++++++++
game-hours: 155.3
review: its a swag game
game-hours: 123.9
review: It was fun for a while. It's a bit tedious now. If you like strategy games, then get it, but otherwise... nah.
game-hours: 174.1
review: !the coolest strategy of all time!
game-hours: 271.4
review: Multiplayer is tense, constant Cold wars are happening between me and my friends.
game-hours: 141.0
review: 11/10 Ghandi started a nuclear war over me not taking his ivory for my sugar, silver, and iron.
game-hours: 126.7
review: Freaking Sexy!
game-hours: 624.4
review: You can take the world who dose want to do that?
game-hours: 403.2
review: One of the best strategy games out there. Graphics are quite nice and you really do feel like the master of a nation as you tweak and fine tune your civilization according to your strategy. The base game however is a little bland and although it looks much nicer than Civ 4 it has been dumbed down. Overall, worth picking up if you want a good game.
game-hours: 27.8
review: great
game-hours: 67.4
review: Seemed boring at first, but then I actually started to play it it slowly became more intense as I built my first DEATH ROBOT, I was like WTF.11,,1. On a serious note really good game, recomend getting gold version, (I thought I bought it but apparently NOT)
game-hours: 261.5
review: Ow, my what a anoying game! fun but anoying. Dont play with friends for a excess of 2-3 hours!
game-hours: 10.2
review: bild ur cuntry taek ogre AI idiot cuntrys win da gaem
game-hours: 19.0
review: This game is really awesome but I have never really played RTSs before so I'm kind of awful. Fun though, I'd tell my friends to try it if they haven't already.
game-hours: 138.9
review: I once played three days straight without realizing it.
game-hours: 159.4
review: Amazing Stragey game! Love it Build your Nation your way! So GOOD!
game-hours: 101.0
review: Dooooppe. Only thing that could be better is if the tech lines weren't so direct.
game-hours: 190.5
review: Fantastic game if you just want to chill out with friends but have an awesome time as well. Not the most strategic strategy game out there (Europa Universalis 4 probably holds that title) but it along with it's two major expansions creates a satisfying experience for anyone who expects a challenging game with hours upon hours or even days upon days of content to enjoy. Also with the vast HELP section giving information on almost everything in the game, the polish shines through. It does have very minor issues though, such as a few typos as well as the games take a looooong time unless it is on Quick. Overall though it's a must-have for any strategy fan out there, it's easy to learn yet hard to master. Definitely recommended. 9.5/10
game-hours: 19.0
review: cool game
game-hours: 348.6
review: its good
game-hours: 200.3
review: Gut
game-hours: 11.6
review: My first game, I played the tutorial. Met Ghandi, lost the game when he rolled up with tanks. Would reccomend.
game-hours: 320.1
review: This is one of the most played games in my steam library, I bought the Gold Edition and fell in love with it, Eventually I bought Brave New World, and it became an even better game than ever before. If you have never played this game before, take my word for it, buy this game.
game-hours: 51.4
review: One of the best games I have ever played. Buy it NOW!
game-hours: 363.7
review: the best game
game-hours: 55.1
review: Very very nice. Misses a few things from Civ IV but to be honest those features were annoying and better off gone - the game is complex enough as it is! Sluggish graphics response is the only thing wrong with it.
game-hours: 191.4
review: One of the best turn-based strategy game ever...
game-hours: 544.7
review: this is a good game for people able to sit down and play it but it takes a decent amount of time i think its a good game
game-hours: 554.6
review: Dis game is good, very much fun and it is like the best boardgame ever x10000, civ 4 fans will pretend theyre smart and say its not very complex but its still quite a tactical game and is fun in both single player and multiplayer. Certain someone in my friends list, if youre reading this, JUST BUY IT ALREADY.
game-hours: 44.6
review: best strategy game ever
game-hours: 499.3
review: game good.
game-hours: 221.8
review: Civ 5 is the best game i have ever played in my life it is so addictive worth a play also check out the DLC: Brave New World a really good dlc for the game
game-hours: 50.8
review: I've owned this game for a little over 2 days... and I've already put 26 hours into it.
game-hours: 63.8
review: I love this game. 1) it's good for school 2) It's fun 3) it can be used in school -=BAD FETURES=- Lag (Depends what option) Crasheds (TOO MANY CRASHES!) OVERHEATING ISSUE (A lot of overheating problems [depending system])
game-hours: 692.0
review: Insanely addicting, and a whole lot of replayability
game-hours: 109.9
review: I LIKE , SO GET THIS GAME!
game-hours: 103.9
review: 11/10, "a realistic experience ~ would love to get nuked by ghandi again"
game-hours: 95.2
review: Great game, great graphics, fun to play. Buy it.
game-hours: 82.1
review: just...one...more...turn..........
game-hours: 13.0
review: A game solely built around strategy. Without it, you're not going anywhere besides maybe Europe or Japan.
game-hours: 283.5
review: Sid Meier's Civilisation 5 is simple yet addicting game. It is very approachable to anyone who is new to the stratagy genre. I have spent hours upon hours play this game. Firstly the technology. as you play the game more and more oppertunities open up to you getting the latest tech advancement is always held i n high regard. first you start with small skirmishes with the empire next door with sticks and stone and eventually you become one of the key players in a global conflict using mechanized infantry, Tanks , attack chopers, submarines, tanks, nuclear weapons and last of all. Giant Death Robots. The military aspect is simpistic but still greatly tactic based. I remeber very early game as Genghis Khan I was peacefully nuturing my Civilisation when all of a sudden Atilla the Hun attacks with a huge invasion force. I bought whatever few troops I could and was successfully able fend off the attackers taking two of their cities. But war late game is when it is at its best. Alliances will be forged, backs will be stabbed, people clamber for resources to make even deadlier weapon. Multiplayer with your friends is also amazingly hilarious and more of a challenge as you can use more unorthodox stratgies and trading will be less of a cake walk but more rewarding. I would absolutly recommend getting this game and the DLCs. I would recommend getting Gold edition for it's additonal map packs and the inclusion of the gods and kings DLC
game-hours: 538.2
review: My favourite game just get it as soon as u can to start playing
game-hours: 172.7
review: my recommend to this game is JUST TRY IT IT IS ING AWESOME :D
game-hours: 140.3
review: hot damn this game rocks, loose yourself fggt
game-hours: 200.7
review: Wow this game is amazing, so addictive, when you play this the hours just slip away. It even has 2 expansions and 14 extra DLC packs to add more content. You have to control the happiness of your civilization which decreases as population increases. You also have to increase your science to be able to research skills faster. As well as this there is also culture to develop social policies which benefit your civilization, all while maintaining an ever increasing revenue to support your units and maintain your buildings. If this isn't already enough they added in a new aspect in civ 5, faith. You need faith to form a pantheon, a pre-religion, then even more faith to get a great prophet who can form a religion of your choice, which you can even rename. There is so much fun to have it covers a large scope of civilizations around the world, different aspects of them, and the behaviors of societies around the world. It is a great game, however I'd probably wait until it goes on sale as the price is a little steep.
game-hours: 111.0
review: you buy now
game-hours: 11.3
review: Invested everything in settlers then got invaded and died. 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 77.5
review: Possibly the best in the series and I've played them all. Wish I had more control over the interface layout, but its a huge improvement over IV.
game-hours: 436.5
review: It is fun.I like.
game-hours: 285.5
review: this game good. good game is buy. people play good game. people happy. repeat with civ 6.
game-hours: 4.1
review: ye
game-hours: 246.3
review: I've been playing civilization seriess since 2003. Still wonderfull.
game-hours: 11.1
review: this games like animal crossing for adults
game-hours: 242.1
review: Ghandi OP.
game-hours: 120.3
review: SOO FUN! Worth it by far, the best in the series.
game-hours: 17.1
review: Very Fun 10/10
game-hours: 127.1
review: !  ,   )
game-hours: 207.8
review: This game is countless hours of fun. If you are looking for a great game to buy with your friends, this is a great one.
game-hours: 31.6
review: 100000000000000000000000000/100000000000000000000000000
game-hours: 111.6
review: SOOOOOOOOOO GOOOOOOODD
game-hours: 1139.6
review: It's Civ. 'Nuff said.
game-hours: 1139.6
review: It's Civ. 'Nuff said.
game-hours: 90.0
review: Very good
game-hours: 487.4
review: An absolutely awe-inspiring sequel in quite possibly the world's most replayable series of games thus far. The only cloud on this game's sky is it's horrible incompatibility with nvidia hardware/software. All in all though, an amazing game. 9.1/10
game-hours: 150.1
review: This isn't a game, it's a crude time machine. A minute quickly turns into hours.
game-hours: 306.8
review: Even though it's for smart people, I like to play it.
game-hours: 26.3
review: This game is amazing I really recommend picking this up if you have a couple of friends or even if you don't. Fantastic strategy game.
game-hours: 1.7
review: GAYEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 218.6
review: Ghandi has Nukes. Too many. He is a blood thirsty man that deserves nothing but his own nukes
game-hours: 27.1
review: Best game ever hands down.
game-hours: 132.9
review: Yes this game does infact kickass and is very fun and addicting 10/10 would bang again
game-hours: 58.3
review: The game is good but i feel that some of the DLC is over priced. 30 bucks is kind of ridiculous; you could buy the game its self for that much.
game-hours: 172.4
review: I really love this game and its more fun to play with friends :D
game-hours: 55.7
review: One of the better games out there!
game-hours: 115.2
review: awesome
game-hours: 484.0
review: this game is made for xXx pros buy it or your gay
game-hours: 176.6
review: a vary great game
game-hours: 305.1
review: Great turn based game with great empires do get it
game-hours: 57.7
review: .
game-hours: 122.3
review: Civ V is...A Very good game. If you were a fan of IV then i defnately reccommend purchasing it. However, the expansion packs are really what boosts this game. Especially Gods and Kings, the way you can make religions and make your Civ benefit from this, whilst in BNW it expands the trading side and also a little on the culture victory. I strongly suggest picking it up in the sale for around 10 pounds, or if you can, go straight for gold edition upgrade. Reason being that 20 pounds for this game, ontop of another 40 from the expansions is absolutely rediculous. Its certainly not worth that kind of money. So, if your a strategical genius, a fan of the previous games or just wanting something to do with friendsi reccommend. ONLY IF IN SALE
game-hours: 2.5
review: played the tutorial for 1 hour 40, realised I couldnt save, had to start over, cba.
game-hours: 103.9
review: 11/10, "a realistic experience ~ would love to get nuked by ghandi again"
game-hours: 95.2
review: Great game, great graphics, fun to play. Buy it.
game-hours: 82.1
review: just...one...more...turn..........
game-hours: 13.0
review: A game solely built around strategy. Without it, you're not going anywhere besides maybe Europe or Japan.
game-hours: 283.5
review: Sid Meier's Civilisation 5 is simple yet addicting game. It is very approachable to anyone who is new to the stratagy genre. I have spent hours upon hours play this game. Firstly the technology. as you play the game more and more oppertunities open up to you getting the latest tech advancement is always held i n high regard. first you start with small skirmishes with the empire next door with sticks and stone and eventually you become one of the key players in a global conflict using mechanized infantry, Tanks , attack chopers, submarines, tanks, nuclear weapons and last of all. Giant Death Robots. The military aspect is simpistic but still greatly tactic based. I remeber very early game as Genghis Khan I was peacefully nuturing my Civilisation when all of a sudden Atilla the Hun attacks with a huge invasion force. I bought whatever few troops I could and was successfully able fend off the attackers taking two of their cities. But war late game is when it is at its best. Alliances will be forged, backs will be stabbed, people clamber for resources to make even deadlier weapon. Multiplayer with your friends is also amazingly hilarious and more of a challenge as you can use more unorthodox stratgies and trading will be less of a cake walk but more rewarding. I would absolutly recommend getting this game and the DLCs. I would recommend getting Gold edition for it's additonal map packs and the inclusion of the gods and kings DLC
game-hours: 221.2
review: Great game, very addicting
game-hours: 632.7
review: ing brilliant
game-hours: 216.4
review: I love this game. It has nukes, guns, bows, swords and more. It is mainly about the development of the nation you choose. Single player is great! The AI is pretty good, and can be challenging on high difficulties unless you are a civ master/veteran. The best part of this game though is fighting your friends on a multiplayer match (best with 4/5 players). 1 complaint, the DLC is pretty expensive at 20, but it does add a lot so I recommend that if possible. The base game though is epic, so no need to worry if you haven't got a lot of cash to spend! Between the DLC I would though recommend just getting Brave New World then Gold Edition, then you'd have the concepts of Gods and Kings from Brave New World minus the civilizations given and scenarios; followed by Lots of extra scenarios and civilizations from the gold edition. This would mean that you'd spend 20 for the game, 10 for gold edition and 20 for brave new world, compared to buying it all separate for 70. I love this game.
game-hours: 417.1
review: Although it was dumbed down and more streamlined, It's still a great game which is typical with this series.
game-hours: 461.8
review: First class game
game-hours: 224.5
review: Sick game, love dat, yh m8
game-hours: 570.1
review: good
game-hours: 458.2
review: Great game ;]
game-hours: 138.1
review: fun for the whole family
game-hours: 335.5
review: If the DLC weren't so expensive I'd get those as well. I highly recommend this. I prefer the larger tactical battles such as with Total War series. But Civ 5 does provide a nice strategic view.
game-hours: 87.4
review: Very good but Civ: BE is better
game-hours: 114.0
review: play this!!!!!
game-hours: 150.1
review: As Portugal's army lines up near my borders I know that war is inevitable. As my army marches to defend the borders, WAR is declared and the line of destruction begins. As one city falls, my army faces off against Portugal. KNowing my army is the largest in the world, I find myself feeling overconfident as my men head to their utter destruction one after another. It slowly dawns on me that my men are using medieval tech against Portugal's superior modern tech. As this realization comes to pass, my empire is in ruins as I try to muster what army I have left... Great game and endless fun. 20/10
game-hours: 11.9
review: Fun.
game-hours: 22.0
review: 10/10 Played on hardest difficulty, with 5 Gandhi AI. Nuked 5 times on the same turn.
game-hours: 107.6
review: Strap a toilet to your , because you won't want to move for a good long while once you start a game.
game-hours: 349.4
review: A very fun, replayable game. I think that it is a good game to play when you have a significant amount of time to waste. I will say however, that i find it hard to play if it the sole thing i am doing as it can be very monotonous clicking the next turn button constantly, especially if you are playing Single Player. The multiplayer does make this game as great as it is though. Playing with 2/3 friends is quite the experience when you have to work together to defeat a common enemy when ultimately you will have to go your own course in your pursuit of victory. A much recommended game, in my honest opinion and well worth the money.
game-hours: 147.8
review: I've played 91 hours and a still enjoying it.
game-hours: 489.3
review: It's alright
game-hours: 29.5
review: Love this game, gave me hours of fun playtime!
game-hours: 94.7
review: 10/10
game-hours: 511.9
review: Awesome game! Choose your favorite Civilization and build up your country in any way you want! A warning though, it's really addictive!
game-hours: 209.7
review: Very good game. Highly reccommended for fans of strategy and history. There's nothing like building the Pyramids and Great Wall in Rome. Very difficult strategy. I am not able to win a game on any difficulty over Prince (Normal). Definitely worth the cost as it will occupy you for many months.
game-hours: 13.3
review: Me and my dad play this game together. This is a great game for long distense multiplayer. This game also feels almost like a board game. I HIGHLY recomend this to anyone and EVERYone!
game-hours: 150.3
review: great game i love to play it
game-hours: 369.2
review: This is one of the greatest games of all time. It has SOOOO much gameplay to it, and it even has the steam workshop. So HYPED for beyond earth :D.
game-hours: 152.1
review: Love this 10/10. The only bad thing though is that every once in a while, when it is processing a turn for another major civ and the leader wants to talk to me or a new civ meets me or I meet a new civ, the game glitches out and it opens up a small window saying "Sid Meier's Civilization V has stopped working." This also happens when I want to engage in diplomacy with a leader.
game-hours: 712.4
review: Cool game, strongly recommended :)
game-hours: 26.0
review: I enjoy spending 6 hours playing a game and then the whole thing being deleated 10 out of 10
game-hours: 123.6
review: Pants down, best turn based strategy game ever. There isnt much more satifying then being the Mayans and Nuking the Incas. makes no historical sense. But hey who cares, its fun.
game-hours: 524.2
review: one of my fav games and i would recommend this to anyone even remotly thinking about it!
game-hours: 94.3
review: Best Civilizations yet! Awesome game!
game-hours: 386.1
review: Everything you'd want from a Civ game.
game-hours: 101.2
review: best game ever
game-hours: 46.1
review: The best backstab simulator ever 10/10
game-hours: 165.0
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V is the best one yet. With many strategic victories, tons of civilizations to choose fun, and a lot of fun to play with friends, I would reccomend this game to anyone that likes a turn-based strategy game.
game-hours: 24.6
review: This game is very replayable.
game-hours: 65.0
review: Very nice game if u got brains
game-hours: 30.4
review: Great game, time consuming though as you never find it in you to quit, you'll always wish that you got 1 more turn before you go to bed or work. The expansions are worth it too, they really add alot to possibilities. I wont reccomend this game if your someone that isnt patient.
game-hours: 74.1
review: Ghandi destroyed me with nukes. 11/10
game-hours: 209.2
review: Before you start a game make sure you have nothing to do for the next 3 weeks.
game-hours: 105.2
review: Very Good game but can get a bit boring after about 1-2 hours
game-hours: 58.8
review: Every time I open this game I lose 8 hours of my life. It's kind of fun when you're waiting for the next day for whatever reason, but it has taken a toll on my livelihood. 10/10
game-hours: 7.8
review: This is one of the best games ever. You choose to gain allys, for enemies.
game-hours: 40.8
review: This game (as you can probably tell by how much I've played it) is quite addicting. It's beginner friendly but still has advanced aspects for more experienced players. The major downside is that if you only buy the base game, it's quite repetitive; I recommend to purchase the complete edition. The game also has a workshop, which adds more variety to the game. I once used a mod which spawned all the civilizations in true geographical areas which actually taught me some true locations of countries which I didn't previously know. Overall, good game, 10/10, could ruin your life :)
game-hours: 374.6
review: I used an Iroquois lumberjack tribe to conquer the British nation, then peaced out to space before India could nuke me to death. 1/1
game-hours: 859.4
review: 6/10 needs more hitler
game-hours: 34.7
review: Gud game. Gud Game. :)
game-hours: 386.8
review: I love it
game-hours: 458.5
review: want a game when you just go to war and kill every thing in your path or be peaceful and launch a rocket into space get civ 5!!
game-hours: 163.9
review: Over 125 Hours of FUN! A good replayable stragey game if you even remotely like the 4x startgey genre or turn based :)
game-hours: 35.5
review: One more turn.... Only thing lacking: Official controller support.
game-hours: 94.8
review: As a nationalist, this game allows me to fullfil my dream.
game-hours: 14.7
review: Smart, strategic, and civilized combat engine with brilliant graphics and the potential to create an entirely new world. Whether you prefer to build your empire solo, or engage your friends in an epic session of multiplayer conquest, this game is one for the ages. I recommend it to all my friends.
game-hours: 119.5
review: its like that one board game had sex with a computer
game-hours: 144.5
review: 50 Hours into your latest save, all is going well. Only 3 leaders left Gandhi, Caesar and Washington. you draft an 'end game' plan in your mind, you will make friends with Gandhi (for obvious reasons he's chill) then procede to befriend Caesar. Then you will take out Washington because he is a  and did not accept an open border agreement 3000 years prior HE MUST PAY. 20 turns later all is going to plan, we are now on Washingtons doorstep, Gandhi and Caesar appear to love and probably fear your superpower nation. All we need to do is eliminate the pesky Americans and ith all our military now on American soil this should not take long. Then after the swift invasion of America we will make a vote for world peace at the U.N (in rome of course) with our new found Indian and Roman brethren it is a sure win! But all of a sudden the distant droning of nuclear sirens start, quickly they become louder and louder, "what is this!?" you think to yourself, a false alarm? You shrug it off maybe Caesae bombing a city state. The game pauses... Gandhi appears on the screen, with a sinister grin he shouts "WAR" in your face. Only seconds after you see a gut wrenching sight. The camera focuses on a nuclear submarine stationed just off the coast of your pride and joy, the capital of your glorious nation. You then hear a rumble, just seconds after a nuclear warhead emerges from the previously hidden submarine, you realise it is too late... you can only watch as the missle closes in. As your city goes up in a giant cloud there are short lived screams from your beloved people, then silence. Before what had just occurred had sunk in, before you could make rescue efforts to save your much loved citizens the humming of quiet engines fall upon your ears. Suddenly countless 'stealth bombers' appear seemingly out of no where, soon the sky is blackened by planes, the game falls almost silent only the whistle of falling bombs remains. You faint from the shock of what is unfolding. You awake shortly after, Gandhi is still flattening what remains of your once prosperous empire, now with 'giant death robots' making the most of his seemingly never ending turn. As Gandhi clinically and relentlessly razes what's left of your broken nation all you can do is weep, your people hacked down in their prime and your glorious nation so mighty just minutes before has just been been all but eliminated in 1 turn. Why oh why did you turn of autosave? did it really speed your game up? was it worth it? Ghandi is a complete , he acts like your friend but WILL nuke the  out of you if even the slightest oppurtunity presents itself. 10/10
game-hours: 2600.5
review: I only played a little but it was fun.
game-hours: 316.9
review: It's like crack. You keep telling yourself 'just one more turn'. but then you realize you've been sitting in your underwear for for 36 hours and you've forgotten to check on your wife who gave birth to your baby last night.
game-hours: 3979.9
review: Made me obsessed, destroyed my social life, gave me and irrational fear of Gandhi. and made me invest countless hours into destroying civilizations. 12/10 potatoes
game-hours: 126.6
review: -playing as the US -explores and finds siam -befriends siam -finds greece -greece is a  and invades -gets in a war with greece -takes 2 greek cities and returnes the rest -greece is happy -sails to new lands and finds all other nations -befirends russia and china -gets in a foolish war with siam not knowing that every nation exept china and russia is friends with siam -feels sad because everyone hates me -makes peace with siam because im feeling guilty for being a warmonger -people start being nice to me -feels happy, only germany and arabia are guarded, everyone else is friendly -china asked me to declaire war on arabia even though he has done nothing to me -I decline because Ive decided to be an example to the civilized world -china declares war on and denounces me -germany declares war on me -every nation on earth exept for russia declaires war on me -me and russia vs. the world -I have 3 nukes and no one else has any -cant make myself use them -steamroll enemy city states south of me -steamroll greece to the north -steamroll native american settlements on some islands near me -siam discovers urainum -siam is confirmed to have nuclear power plant -must stop siam from getting nukes -US gunships race to punch a hole in siams defences -all reserve units are embarked for the invasion with destroyer escorts -gunships meet uber heavy resistance -invasion due in 2 turns -russia is being cut off from US aid -sends paratroopers to break the siege of moscow -fails due to being outnumbered 20:1 -D-Day in siam -steamrolls siam until only capital left -no sign of atomic weapons -100,000 troops surrounding the capital -air raid sirens -siam nukes himself four times along with most of my troops -paras mop up and capture the capital -sad music -all other nations in shock -we mourn our fallen troops -all nations make peace in the next 4 turns -we all are sad -decides war must end for good -changes course for diplomatic victory -starts work on UN -becomes allies with 19 city states -all nations live in realitive peace -finishes UN -wins vote -wins game 10/10 no feels like this in a game before.
game-hours: 14.1
review: When Gandhi or Ethiopia comes to your doorstep with gifts of gold, dyes, and ivory, take my advice. Ready all your tanks and nukes, arm them, AND SHOOT THEM LIKE YOUR LIFE DEPENDS ON IT. They are evil, traitorous demons. NEVER TRUST THEM. However, Genghis Khan is my best friend. He came up to me and was all like, "De full do bu la chi mendo." And I said, "Okay! Let's be friends!" I can never understand that guy, but something about our relationship just works. Ghandi Hating Simulator 2014 11/10
game-hours: 51.1
review: You'll decide to play for an hour and you'll realize four days later that your wife left you, but you're so close to killing that scumbag Gandhi that it doesn't even matter. 20/10
game-hours: 152.8
review: Never. Trust. Ghandi.
game-hours: 40.9
review: Don't attempt to play this before going to bed.
game-hours: 444.1
review: Say goodbye to your life.
game-hours: 149.3
review: This is an Amazing game and i love it. Sid Meier had a wonderful idea when he created this game and I just think it is great.
game-hours: 335.9
review: Great game with with great expansions
game-hours: 50.2
review: They put out a really good game with simplified the gameplay, then put out DLC which made the gameplay better...always makes me feel robbed. Otherwise it would've been great.
game-hours: 1089.3
review: Over 1000 hours of my life have gone into this game. And I'm still so lousy at it. But I have SO MUCH FUN.
game-hours: 148.0
review: The history of the most fun simulation game series of new works. Buy it!!
game-hours: 83.3
review: Gandhi has nukes. 11/10
game-hours: 150.4
review: Very fun with friends or singleplayer! Highly recommend.
game-hours: 65.9
review: Absolutely amazing.
game-hours: 210.6
review: 10/10
game-hours: 177.8
review: YES - Buy it and join me!!!!!!!
game-hours: 40.9
review: b-17 and nuke raid alexander while he has spearmen. 5 stars.
game-hours: 80.6
review: its alright
game-hours: 4.2
review: hi i havent got chance to play it as i have been crashing out on the loading screen going into a game or once i get into a game the screen flashes black but the mouse key still has the theme. can you please help ive tried all that i know
game-hours: 65.1
review: Incredible game. Worth playing over and over due to it's highly addictive 'one more turn' nature. Can't get enough of it; especially since I dont have to play the war monger, peace is always an option to win.
game-hours: 243.5
review: fun game to play with friends
game-hours: 1.6
review: I DONT UNDERSTAND HOW TO PLAY
game-hours: 288.9
review: Definitely one of the most addicting games I've ever played. I'm completely satisfied playing singleplayer alone, it just doesn't get old. It's the only game I've stayed up until 7:00 in the morning playing with a friend. Multiplayer is a little hard to work with because a lot of servers require the new (quite expensive) DLCs Gods and Kings and Brave New World. However singleplayer is satisfying, and if you have friends to play it with, that should satisfy your multiplayer needs.
game-hours: 60.5
review: GIOCO di CLASSE A+ strategico,divertente e competitivo , e per di piu' non lo pagato nulla
game-hours: 32.7
review: OP
game-hours: 10.9
review: This game is quite interesting
game-hours: 151.3
review: A great strategy game. Say goodbye to half of your day when you begin a match. Addictive as crack.
game-hours: 34.9
review: HIGHLY ADDICTING and a ton of fun.
game-hours: 153.5
review: Get it. Play it. Beat it. Beat me if your can. >:)
game-hours: 24.1
review: This game is super fun. It's a turn based strategy where you start as a country/leader (I chose Alexander the Great) and try to win against the other city states (CPUs). Thisis my favorite game, and I would really reccomend it.
game-hours: 187.1
review: prepare to waste a lot of time
game-hours: 228.9
review: Ok I'm almost done just one more turn...
game-hours: 338.2
review: For fans of the classic Turn based strategy look no further than Sid Meier's Civilization V. I've sunk 200+ hours into it and still haven't explored everything that the game has to offer. No two games are alike. Explore the world and maybe become the dominant civilization of the world. A nice and quick game can be short like 300 turns, while the marathon sessions can be 1300 turns if you let the game advance to the 2000 CE. If you are a returning player from previous installments or even a brand new person to the series purchase this game and it's expansions to continually add more content as new updates come out all the time.
game-hours: 60.4
review: THIS GAME IS AMAZING. games might take a while to start. I GIVE IT A
game-hours: 5.6
review: This game is too fun.
game-hours: 362.0
review: I like this game, because.... I just like it?
game-hours: 226.1
review: A good game. Better than CIV 4 in most aspects.
game-hours: 377.1
review: Civ 5 is good
game-hours: 31.5
review: incredibly fun even with out dlc single player multiplayer what ever you play it an incredible game DEFENITLY worth every penny you put into it
game-hours: 418.0
review: Very nice, I have Civilization 3 and this goes way beyond that. The modding community is great and it's really fun to play with friends. If you are a fan of any strategy game should buy this.
game-hours: 311.6
review: Who needs Monopoly to ruin friendships?
game-hours: 244.3
review: Really great game have had it for 3 years and still doesn't get old it is best to buy Gods and Kings and Brave New World though the dlcs make the game much more fun and better.
game-hours: 289.1
review: Amazing.Words can't describe how good it is.
game-hours: 194.5
review: It's boss.
game-hours: 96.3
review: "Just... one... more.... turn..."
game-hours: 57.0
review: This game shows a lot of different ways to improve your own Civilization, i think that everyone have to try this game.
game-hours: 25.6
review: DO NOT PLAY! YOU CAN'T STOP!
game-hours: 457.5
review: ghandi
game-hours: 124.5
review: Hell yeah mane!!! Though for real talk this game is very good but be careful because you have to think when playing this game. Civ is a very hard and strategic game.
game-hours: 158.0
review: Best strategy game that I have ever played
game-hours: 118.7
review: Better than Civ 4.
game-hours: 29.6
review: AMAZING
game-hours: 132.3
review: this game is amazing i love the mods in it and becoming crazy gahandi
game-hours: 116.8
review: pretty good
game-hours: 22.3
review: Awesome and fun game!
game-hours: 100.7
review: An amazing game. I recommend everyone get it. Need I say more?
game-hours: 84.1
review: Amazing game and it really fun to play for a while
game-hours: 110.2
review: It's okay 11/10
game-hours: 740.2
review: this game is awesome...best civ yet.
game-hours: 103.5
review: This game is a must get for anyhardcore stratigy game players it is very entertaing and in single player the character AI interactions are very good.
game-hours: 201.3
review: If you're reading this, and have not yet purchased this, go do it now. Thank me later.
game-hours: 44.5
review: I ran out of money and food until all of my troops disbanded.  me I'm bad at this game/8
game-hours: 58.0
review: Civ 5 is the
game-hours: 113.0
review: Nobody can overthrow my empire. Nobody. All hail Lelouch. All hail Britannia.
game-hours: 199.0
review: one of the best games ive ever bought. its the one game i always go back and play.
game-hours: 32.4
review: One of the best turn-based strategy games.
game-hours: 245.9
review: iz reeaally gud!
game-hours: 1482.8
review: love it
game-hours: 26.5
review: Just when you thought he couldn't do it, Sid releases another groundbreaking action adventure game the likes of which you've never seen before. Enter Sid "the kid" Myer's Civilization 5, the latest Myer 5 to come out since the last DLC of Civ 4. Control vast fleets, research futuristic inventions to improve your fleets, dominate the economy to pour more money into fleet making and more in this real time action/fleet making game. Move over Telltale, there's a new point and click adventure that's taking the market by storm. You'll be pointing and clicking on so many fleets to move around you won't know what to do with all of these fleets since you don't have enough room for them and why can't you stack fleets WHY CAN'T YOU STACK FLEETS ANYMO--------------------------- Featuring improvements on all of your favorite multiplayer game modes (capture the flag, candy crunch) and fixing the netcode so you only have to wait for your indecisive friends to finish their turn 10 minutes after they started, founding cities and building fleets will never be the same and never will be. Enjoyed Siv 4's pulse pounding post techno soundtrack? Civlization 5 takes that to Civilization 11 by TRIPLING the amount of licensed music including artists such as The That Handsome Deville, The Mary J. Blige, The and, of course, El Psy's "Gamgam Style" for when you feel like having those crazy, laugh-out-loud moments as you build fleets with friends and family. As a special bonus, purchasing Sid 5 gives you the Seal of Authenticity sticker absolutely $1.99. This item, displayed on your Steam profile after 2 hours of playing time, shows others you bought a non Valve game and actually played it instead of going back to Team Fortress 2 after launching it and seeing there aren't any hats in this game (yes, some French people do have hats in the game but that's purely cosmetic). Pick up your copy of Sid zFiver's Civilization 5 today or on the next Steam sale today! (seriously if you do play the multiplayer you're gonna want to turn on simultaneous turns cause some rusty  muthas take way too long to move two worker units and click on "make farm")
game-hours: 62.2
review: Omfg this game
game-hours: 124.9
review: amazing game best when playing with friends
game-hours: 1.1
review: Utterly broken and  game. Bugs and glitches everywhere and 1 online game takes a whole lifetime to complete. It seems that the game was desingned for younger generations with nothing better to play. Don't play it if you don't want cancer.
game-hours: 16.1
review: OH GOD THIS GAME IS SO GOOD IT WILL RUIN YOUR LIFE I'VE SPENT A WHOLE NIGHT TRYING TO FINISH ONE ROUND
game-hours: 19.0
review: Badass game
game-hours: 433.5
review: This is ranked as my number one game out there. This requires thinking and strategy on how to play your game and each decision you make changes the course of the whole playthrough. Would highly recommend this to people who are looking for strategy games and want to challenge themselves.
game-hours: 25.6
review: The beating of a million drums The fire of a million guns The mother of a million sons
game-hours: 24.5
review: Became friends with Gandhi and didn't get nuked. Love it.
game-hours: 738.5
review: Just ... one... more... turn!!! [10/10]
game-hours: 42.6
review: Build nukes in Japan and get the Roman Empire on your  while building a Granary in your capital.
game-hours: 159.9
review: Very fun.Didn't understand anything at first but then got the hang of it.
game-hours: 111.2
review: I named my capital 'Penisland' 10/10
game-hours: 65.0
review: Best Game played in a long time
game-hours: 3349.0
review: Should I sue Sid Meier for stealing so much of my life? The greatest game series ever :)
game-hours: 55.6
review: You won't have a life after purchasing this game. 10/10 Kill me
game-hours: 20.1
review: This game is about as boring as they come. I would give this game away for free. I'll toss in Garbage/nuff said. {END TURN}
game-hours: 149.3
review: Fantastic statagy Game. Breathes fresh air into the series, but holds true to core mechanics of past games
game-hours: 37.5
review: Ein Must-have
game-hours: 375.8
review: all should own this game
game-hours: 54.9
review: one. more. turn.
game-hours: 116.2
review: Where..Where the  did my christmas holiday go?
game-hours: 75.6
review: good fame
game-hours: 40.1
review: ey mang i trade fish for uranium
game-hours: 37.8
review: one of he greatest games i have played. best simulation/ tbs game i have played
game-hours: 290.9
review: buy it, play it, have fun
game-hours: 221.4
review: very good game, lots of fun and easy to play with friends.
game-hours: 284.9
review: Amazing ...... nuff said
game-hours: 172.1
review: TAKIN OVAR DA WORLS 4DAYZZZz. GOOD STUFF 10/10 would give a hobo.
game-hours: 159.0
review: This game is easily one of the most imersive games I have ever played, it balances quite well, and it has tons of replayability. I multiplayer needs improvement, but other than that, it is a nice, solid game.
game-hours: 52.0
review: Great game!
game-hours: 175.1
review: Games are long, but fun. Multiplayer has some issues, but mostly due to just people quitting the match early.
game-hours: 158.9
review: this game is a really good strategy game i give it a 8/10.
game-hours: 332.1
review: best game I have ever played. ( I don't paly to many games. Tight on money)
game-hours: 494.6
review: best game I've ever played
game-hours: 110.9
review: Even if you've never played the Civilization series, this game is a must have for any Turn-Based Strategy fan. Dozens of empires for you to choose from consisting of their own unique bonuses and several unique units. No two game plays will be the same. You can either play a short match (1-2 hours) or one that could last days up against the AI or online multiplayer. Amazing graphics, an absolutely stunning soundtrack, and immense depth are just scrapes off the surface of what this game truly presents.
game-hours: 158.4
review: (  )
game-hours: 72.5
review: One of my favorite games of all time. Best turn based stregedy game ever to be released. 10/10
game-hours: 280.2
review: After playing for over 200 hours, I can tell you that this is one of the best games of all time.
game-hours: 958.9
review: DIS IS DA BEZT  EVUR. BAI ALL DLS AND I WIL LUV U FUREVER.
game-hours: 108.0
review: Buy this .
game-hours: 94.5
review: Very addicting, time consuming game, but it is very fun overall
game-hours: 25.6
review: Man this game is addicting. It's a great turn based strategy game, and it is very refined too. You'll have fun and learn some history along the way. But read the fine print: this product can cause dependence! Lol
game-hours: 47.7
review: 10/10 Lots of fun, takes alot of time out of my day
game-hours: 123.6
review: bloody great game chaps 8/10
game-hours: 39.6
review: So me and my friend have been playing this game for two days now and i have to say it is pretty sick! But watch out when you make trades online the person can steal all of your things if you are the one who started the trade! i was play playing as khan and he was china and i stole all of his citys and razed them all!!!!!
game-hours: 95.6
review: My life is ruined by this game. With a free day I end up playing 14 hours or more. It's so good that I actually lose sleep over thinking about what im going to do tommorow.
game-hours: 19.0
review: its fun at first but once you get into it. Not as fun as you think.
game-hours: 30.3
review: No baba yetu. 2.3/10
game-hours: 265.1
review: Everyone already knows this game is awesome and addictive but I still felt like recommending it anyway
game-hours: 102.1
review: Awesome Game, Just Awesome
game-hours: 42.1
review: SUCH STRATGEY
game-hours: 317.0
review: Long live Rome!!
game-hours: 313.4
review: This game has stolen many hours of my life. I surrender them happily. Combat makes sense, except when you have a modern tank taking on barbarian warriors with axes and you still lose one HP for each one you defeat. Everything else is fantastic.
game-hours: 44.2
review: A fun game that you can play for many hours
game-hours: 41.3
review: 10/10
game-hours: 239.9
review: wow such civilization so strategy such sid wow
game-hours: 29.1
review: this game is amaze yo
game-hours: 221.3
review: This is what I play when I'm supposed to be doing homework. It really takes a lot of skill and makes you think so much about every move. Multiplayer with friends is the best, especially when you all end up just foofin around making deals of giving one gold for nothing :D And time just flies by and you just can't get tired of it because every round brings so much to do, all the possibilities, man!
game-hours: 46.3
review: one of my favourite games.
game-hours: 425.4
review: The Real Game The Best Game The BIggest game THUMBS UP
game-hours: 265.4
review: This game takes up time, but so does any great strategy game. The only problem I can see with this is you really need either Gods and Kings or Brave New World DLC to fully enjoy it. It may be me playing with it for so long, but whatever. It is really well constructed, Gandhi still goes on Nuke rampages. AI is pretty well written, Graphics and animation are beautiful. It is really just one of the best strategy PC games out there. Tenouttaten would recommend to anyone. Another Note: To fully enjoy graphics you should have a decent PC. That aside, anyone on any computer can enjoy this. Enjoy folks!
game-hours: 208.9
review: I can haz nukes?
game-hours: 4.3
review: Addicting, and a hell alot of fun! Alot of ways to win, and the multiplayer is super fun!
game-hours: 60.2
review: Great game if you are looking for a game you can invest time in, would reccomend that you get the gold edition for the Gods and Kings DLC.
game-hours: 44.1
review: This is the best stratagy game there is! It's a bit expensive but it's well worth it.
game-hours: 115.9
review: for now Best civ 8,9/10
game-hours: 171.6
review: A worthy addition to this franchise. The new hex system gives players an incredible new way of thinking and plotting the demise of your fellow empires.
game-hours: 97.4
review: With the Gods & Kings expansion (and now Brave New World), this is still the best grand strategy game overall. You could cherry-pick features from old versions and probably make the ultimate strategy game, but as it is, this is great work.
game-hours: 17.4
review: Warning: This game is addictive. You will find yourself spending hours to defeat your opponents. And you will enjoy every minute of it.
game-hours: 345.4
review: Awesome.
game-hours: 215.4
review: BEST GAME EVERRR!!! I love it :D
game-hours: 451.0
review: Best turn based strategy game ever! :D, Recommended to all!
game-hours: 3.6
review: Really good game :D
game-hours: 93.0
review: I can say this is arguably one of the greatest games I've ever played. If you love diplomacy, war, strategy, and politics in general, this is the game for you. If you pick it up, at least pick up the Brave New World DLC but try for the Gold Edition as a whole. You wont be dissapointed, I sure as hell wasn't.
game-hours: 276.0
review: is prety gud n u can pla  korea if u git guld
game-hours: 95.2
review: History and
game-hours: 187.7
review: I thought I wasn't going to like this game very much, I totally fell in love with the strategy and game style.
game-hours: 609.1
review: Love this game. Spent many a day taking over the world and usually stomping the french into the ground. It can take quite a while to get through each round, but thats expected since you go from a couple thousand bc to the modern age. The scenarios offered are a nice little change from the base game.
game-hours: 25.0
review: This game is so addictive, 1 hour feels like 10 minutes
game-hours: 59.8
review: Its pretty sweet i guess
game-hours: 36.8
review: civ 5 is a good game that has hour of game play
game-hours: 22.7
review: This is possibly the best strategy game I have ever played it is a great game to play with friends and requires you to be extremely smart to survive
game-hours: 63.5
review: This  is hella addicting 10/10 ruined my life
game-hours: 132.7
review: Hm. If Steam had a "star" rating system, I would give it 3. The gameplay is great for a strategy game, brilliant in fact, but unless you shell out the sixty-some dollars for all the DLC, it just isn't worth much. I got it from the nice fellows at Humble Hundle, so I got off easy. But poor you, waiting for a 60% sale. And if you want to connect with your friends, be prepared for a TON of space usage (that said, I don't have the best Internet provider, per se). Of course, WITH said DLC, it's great. Immersive, tons of strategy, and will keep you entertained for until you need to keep yourself sustained. Truly fun. Worth keeping on your wishlist for sure, but unless you and your friends have the DLC, be prepared for a semi-fun six-hour marathon of Civ that leaves you awkwardly unsatisfied until you come back.
game-hours: 363.2
review: this game is amazing
game-hours: 62.9
review: Completely fun and addicting would recommend to everyone. Late game can be a little frustrating if you are going for a domination-victory.
game-hours: 167.3
review: Worse than Civ IV. 7/10
game-hours: 19.6
review: AMAZING GAME EVERYONE!!!
game-hours: 274.9
review: Gods and Kings makes this game really fun. Think Beyond the Sword and Civ5, then take out the boring parts of control. Religion is done the best it has ever been done in Civ IMO. If you liked Civ4 then give Civ5 Gods and Kings a chance.
game-hours: 341.5
review: VERY GOOD A LOT OF FUN AND THE MODS ARE SUPER 10/10
game-hours: 130.3
review: addictive
game-hours: 72.2
review: Best CIV EU
game-hours: 132.7
review: Civililization 5 is one of my most played games with infinate replay value. the level of detail is just right not being to micro and not too big picture. However it is a little weak on the whole idea of foren policy withought the brave new world DLC witch adds it in and makes just going to war for no reason veary bad.
game-hours: 91.8
review: The Best Turn Based Strategy Game ever made <3
game-hours: 17.1
review: Great game. An RTS version of this would be cool, 9/10.
game-hours: 32.1
review: start playing at 12 AM, boom, it's 3 AM. start playing when you wake up, boom, it's time to sleep.
game-hours: 333.7
review: AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 148.8
review: This is the best strategy game out there to date, 10/10 Recommended
game-hours: 286.7
review: This game is just ing awesome.
game-hours: 32.1
review: Wow! Science!
game-hours: 140.8
review: THIS GAME IS AWESOME
game-hours: 215.3
review: ARABIAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 103.5
review: Its fun
game-hours: 98.6
review: its goold bro
game-hours: 472.3
review: Simply the best strategy game i have ever played. 10/10
game-hours: 31.8
review: Its like playing Risk mixed with Chess mixed with very little Starcraft. You are the founder of a civilization, you start with 1 city and 1 unit of warriors. Using the city you will grow your territory and control using farmers, warriors, archers, chariots, catapults and eventually airplanes, boats, even nukes. Each city you own can produce different buildings to give you different stats and resources. Also you have to use workers to create farms, mines, trading posts on your land to generate more resources. Become allies with other nations or city-states, declare war on others, take over their cities or raze them, pillage their resources. The goal of the game is either a) eliminate all other civilizations. (military victory) b) conduct enough research to be the first to reach space (science victory) c) create a UN (diplomacy victory) d) be the most advanced by the time you reach the year 2050 Fun game, time-consuming game. Remember to SAVE a lot, a single game will probably take you over 5 hours.
game-hours: 22.6
review: A game worthy of discounted price. Plenty of time can be spent on this game. Or not.
game-hours: 282.6
review: Best strategic SP game I've played in a long time. Worst strategic MP game I've played in a long time.
game-hours: 434.5
review: YES. This game is very strategic. The base game is as completely awesome as it seems. The trailer tells all. However, If you like getting emerged in to games, this game is just okay for it. It's an awesome multiplayer experience and probably the best of all the Civilization games in the series. Altogether, the game is about a 7/10. The game supports Workshop as well, which is always nice. I just wish you could get more emerged and feel like you're really in the game. The music is very nice as well. Nothing is better than dominating the world and nuking and obliterating anyone who stands in your way!
game-hours: 59.8
review: Cid Meiers's Civilization V is a very good turn based game. You should consider trying out the game. It has a built in multiplayer, and has a very tactical game play.
game-hours: 283.4
review: awesome!
game-hours: 111.2
review: Fun turn-based strategy game
game-hours: 30.4
review: This game has so many layers
game-hours: 40.0
review: Good game for lots of people to play while drunk...
game-hours: 271.2
review: BEST
game-hours: 37.2
review: It's the best "Turn-based Strategy" game I've played so far. 20 years of gaming. Anything better than this is going to blow my mind. $30 is a fair price. You'll find yourself coming to this game for years. For me, this is a game I'll play with friends until we're all dead (in rl).
game-hours: 122.0
review: Civilization V is one of the best games i've ever played. As a lover of strategy, I would recommend this to anybody that enjoy thinking long hours. If you love to build empires, fight wars, and conquer and rule empires, then this is a game for you!
game-hours: 185.4
review: Betrayal. You know this feeling. Rome has declared war on your nation. The "great" Augustus Caesar has destroyed your friendship, years of peace and prosperity, left to rot. But of course, you saw this coming because your ally, France, had the courtesy to warn you of their plots against you. You tell your cities to start training an army. Then, you tactically place your troops outside of Rome, the capitol, ready to fight for your honor. This is Civlization V. Civilization V is a fantastic game that you'll bury extensive hours of gameplay into. The game is, at its core, a turn based strategy game, but it's much more than that. There are extensive systems in place to simulate relations with other nations, and to regulate your own nation. You can form alliances, start wars, trade resources, battle for the affection of city-states, and research for the best new technologies. It's an amazing feeling to conquer another nation, form an alliance with another powerful nation, or being the first nation to research nuclear weaponry. Civilization V is a vast, expansive, epic game that every gamer should experience.
game-hours: 296.5
review: This is one of the best games I have ever played.
game-hours: 37.1
review: I got my poopoo pushed in by Gandhi.
game-hours: 189.9
review: Yes
game-hours: 129.7
review: Love it! Really good fun!
game-hours: 982.7
review: Love this game! You will need both expansions to truly appreciate it. The "Gods and Kings" expansion added quite a bit to game play but with the latest expansion "Brave New World", more elements have been included such as trade routes, tourism, etc. that enhance the game even more. All that being said, diplomacy is still poorly executed in the game so beware of this negative aspect and enjoy what is a very good, if not excellent (4x) TBS game.
game-hours: 111.5
review: very good, 10/10, much
game-hours: 74.7
review: One of the best strategy games out there. The DLCs are pricey, but 35 for the base game + all DLC is a good deal in my opinion. Would definitley recommend this to anyone looking for a fun strategy game! :)
game-hours: 301.2
review: dope
game-hours: 87.2
review: hours of fun.  the ottomans
game-hours: 156.2
review: cool
game-hours: 882.8
review: Great game.
game-hours: 43.2
review: i havee to say the best game of these ever
game-hours: 342.3
review: Cvilization V is one of the best turn-based strategy games in existence. Especially after the release of Brave New World, the new expasnion for the game, it has gotten alot more interesting. Even though the combat is kind of dull and weird compared to other games, it makes up for it in the grand scheme of things. Its really fun to see your empire spread across the maps, which vary to endless variations, with the new map-tool for modders its almost impossible to say what CAN'T be played on in this game. The multiplayer is also very very fun
game-hours: 191.6
review: This one of the best games I've played. I would recommend completely as long as you are okay with the small consequence of your life being consumed by its amazingness.
game-hours: 86.7
review: I think this game is great me and my friends play the multiplayer and have games that last 12 hours until the final player is killed off the face of the universe. If you got a day where you don't have anything to do i suggest you play this game.
game-hours: 115.5
review: All my history lessons amount to nothing compared to what I have learnt in Civ. Rulers live for eternity with little or no challange by the people, often leading to the peoples death. Ghandi is infact a warmongering dictator who enjoys watching your people suffer as his elephants destroy you fields and despite the advance in technology some of these immortal tyrants still chose to have a spear and stand outside of a mudhut when talking to you about research agreeements and trading oil. The most important thing to take from civ is that fact we dont have many years left on this world. The end of the world isnt 2012 but instead 2050.
game-hours: 196.1
review: Very nice
game-hours: 24.5
review: Became friends with Gandhi and didn't get nuked. Love it.
game-hours: 738.5
review: Just ... one... more... turn!!! [10/10]
game-hours: 365.8
review: phenominal game.
game-hours: 19.0
review: Best strategic series EVER 10/10
game-hours: 162.6
review: Best round-based political strategy game. The DLCs are fine, but not mandatory, but you should have all Addons, because they really improve the depth of the game
game-hours: 126.5
review: is all good
game-hours: 239.1
review: WHERE IS THE DLC!!!!!
game-hours: 28.3
review: Although I largely played real time strategy before I got this as a present, I still greatly enjoyed it. It was made even more enjoyable when I picked up the DLC during a sale. This game is a great game, and it has certainly made me more interested in Civ and Turn Based games in general. It has a nice feel to it, and one day I plan on picking up Civ IV and III just to try them. 8/10 without DLC, 9.6/10 with DLC.
game-hours: 97.0
review: Great game
game-hours: 103.3
review: Two thumbs way up, if i had three, the third would be up as well.
game-hours: 229.6
review: lol
game-hours: 48.4
review: It good
game-hours: 345.2
review: Play it.
game-hours: 244.3
review: A great stratagy game of tence and relaxed moments. Mind your own buisness and mass culture and then suddenly a huge enemy army is at your borders and you are forced to abandon your microphones for rifles as you desperatly fight for your life. Or you could colonise a new planet with your civilization's scientific prowess. Dominate the world and become the worlds ruler or in the Brave New World DLC convince the world to vote you as the world leader. The choice is yours. Expand your empire all over the land or turtle away in some deserted landmass and slowly but surely overwhelm your opponents with peaceful methods. This is a brilliant game that I have loved since buying. I would reccomend buying the DLC's because the game is not what it can be with the vanilla. This is by far my faverout game of all time and would advise ANYONE to buy it and join the community of people waiting for civ 6. Come on Sid we are all waiting.
game-hours: 65.0
review: Best Game played in a long time
game-hours: 3349.0
review: Should I sue Sid Meier for stealing so much of my life? The greatest game series ever :)
game-hours: 67.6
review: Awesome Strategy game
game-hours: 113.0
review: Nobody can overthrow my empire. Nobody. All hail Lelouch. All hail Britannia.
game-hours: 151.2
review: Lots of replay value. Online play is fantastic. Music is awesome.
game-hours: 32.4
review: i love this game
game-hours: 628.5
review: Random wars for no reason because of AI. Time to own :) 11/10
game-hours: 65.1
review: I have been a fan of civilization since civ 3, and I saw civ 5 is the second best! (civ 3 will always be my faveorite)
game-hours: 328.1
review: Brilliant game! love it!
game-hours: 57.9
review: Review: Just one more turn.... - 05:00 AM - Great game.
game-hours: 42.8
review: It's like real war, but on a computer.
game-hours: 117.9
review: Just get it.
game-hours: 16.1
review: Civilization 5 is a very good game, no doubt, but there were some flaws that made it not as the first game, civilization revelution.
game-hours: 392.2
review: A really pleasing and exciting strategy game that I highly reccommend. 9/10
game-hours: 85.8
review: If you want to kill yourself, this game is perfect for you! If not, I don't know.
game-hours: 258.5
review: Destroyed my life. 11/10 would destroy life again
game-hours: 79.8
review: Ever wanted to nuke the  out of Korea or conquer the land as The Mighty Warlord Ghandi, Perhaps you would like to have peaceful debates as The Huns, no? Maybe not your game then.
game-hours: 236.4
review: Everyone must buy this game, it is one of those games that you can play over and over and not get bored, just because of all the possibilities. I give it a 8.5 out of ten
game-hours: 123.6
review: bloody great game chaps 8/10
game-hours: 81.8
review: Great game, a must buy!
game-hours: 366.3
review: This is the type of game that you start playing around 8 PM and not realize you've been playing for 6 hours until you look at the clock. A+.
game-hours: 271.7
review: It's not a paradox game, but it's fine for a civ game.
game-hours: 462.6
review: Great game but "just one more turn" syndrome is horrible
game-hours: 160.4
review: this game sucks . Highly recommended.
game-hours: 159.2
review: Probably the best strategy game Ive ever played.Its the most fun when youre playing with friends.Some problems with multiplayer.9.5/10. Also, evil Gandhi, Catharine and Alexander.
game-hours: 77.0
review: fun game i recommend it to any one that once to destroy there frends with a huge army!
game-hours: 15.3
review: #hype
game-hours: 167.8
review: this game is a classic the entire series is a classic get this game if you love stradegy
game-hours: 587.4
review: Awesome.
game-hours: 181.1
review: best game ever
game-hours: 62.7
review: I was led to believe that Ghandi was a peaceful person in this game.... He invaded me and then destroyed my citys. 10/10 Ghandi is evil......
game-hours: 460.8
review: Any game in which I can play as Dr Evil trying to conquer Big Boss so I enlist the help of Equestrians and Spartans, Im most likely that I wont have a bad time.
game-hours: 451.4
review: .-.
game-hours: 2.3
review: Lost many hours of my life to this. Pick it up during a sale, it's definitely worth paying for.
game-hours: 96.8
review: good game!
game-hours: 128.2
review: gud.
game-hours: 499.9
review: yea, its all good i guess....
game-hours: 8.3
review: G00d
game-hours: 68.0
review: Waste of time. 5 stars,
game-hours: 168.2
review: Todella hyv peli. Vaikea aloittaa peli koska se on alussa tyls, mutta kun psee vauhtiin se on koukuttavaa. - Must HAVE!!!!
game-hours: 108.0
review: civ 5 is great. with dlc, you see, buy the golden pack, and brave new worlds, then it will be worth your time. absolutely. a fantastic grand strategy. the base game is alot worse than civ 4. so, with expansion pacs, absolutley, its fantastic, without. no. dont.
game-hours: 4.3
review: Addicting, and a hell alot of fun! Alot of ways to win, and the multiplayer is super fun!
game-hours: 60.2
review: Great game if you are looking for a game you can invest time in, would reccomend that you get the gold edition for the Gods and Kings DLC.
game-hours: 44.1
review: This is the best stratagy game there is! It's a bit expensive but it's well worth it.
game-hours: 115.9
review: for now Best civ 8,9/10
game-hours: 171.6
review: A worthy addition to this franchise. The new hex system gives players an incredible new way of thinking and plotting the demise of your fellow empires.
game-hours: 576.7
review: Like Civ 4 but different. Still has tanks and nukes, and the computer is still insane. But it's basically the same game.
game-hours: 54.1
review: Amazing! That is all I need to say.
game-hours: 52.0
review: A big huge 4x turn based strategy game from Fraxis and 2K Games. Worth every penny in your bank account or steam wallet. MUST BUY!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 61.9
review: Very nice entry in the series.
game-hours: 48.3
review: This is probably one of the greatest games to date 11/25/2013
game-hours: 97.3
review: one more turn...
game-hours: 52.6
review: In my top 3 games, the best strategy game I have ever played and has an amazing singleplayer with tons of different Leaders to play as, and then tons of different units to battle/generate food/generate income/generate research with. It's a real pity that the multiplayer is somewhat buggy as playing with friends is a real joy. Highly recommended, especially at such a low price.
game-hours: 37.2
review: Oh god yes they fixed the multiplayer so it actually works. 10/10 would waste 7 hours in one sitting with.
game-hours: 1041.9
review: I have over 1000 hours playing this game. Fully 50% of that is probably in the "please wait" between turns, waiting for the computer AI's to act. The game isn't the best of its kind (that's Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri) but it's a great game to relax with. What I often do is take my turn, and then, while the game is processing all the AI players and I'm waiting for my next turn, I do something productive. I've gotten a lot of work done while playing this game.
game-hours: 77.1
review: Dude you better get it!
game-hours: 34.1
review: Very great RTS play. Great to play online. A lot better than age of empires and I grew up on that.
game-hours: 1046.2
review: Excellent game. Probably one of the best strategy games ever by the legendary Sid Meier. I strongly recommend getting all of the expansion packs with this game (Gods and Kings & Brave New World) due to the sheer amount of content included. The community mods for this game are endless and this sandbox will never get old.
game-hours: 93.0
review: I can say this is arguably one of the greatest games I've ever played. If you love diplomacy, war, strategy, and politics in general, this is the game for you. If you pick it up, at least pick up the Brave New World DLC but try for the Gold Edition as a whole. You wont be dissapointed, I sure as hell wasn't.
game-hours: 276.0
review: is prety gud n u can pla  korea if u git guld
game-hours: 95.2
review: History and
game-hours: 187.7
review: I thought I wasn't going to like this game very much, I totally fell in love with the strategy and game style.
game-hours: 362.0
review: I like this game, because.... I just like it?
game-hours: 226.1
review: A good game. Better than CIV 4 in most aspects.
game-hours: 377.1
review: Civ 5 is good
game-hours: 31.5
review: incredibly fun even with out dlc single player multiplayer what ever you play it an incredible game DEFENITLY worth every penny you put into it
game-hours: 418.0
review: Very nice, I have Civilization 3 and this goes way beyond that. The modding community is great and it's really fun to play with friends. If you are a fan of any strategy game should buy this.
game-hours: 311.6
review: Who needs Monopoly to ruin friendships?
game-hours: 343.9
review: Very enjoyable, slow and time consuming, but fun nonetheless.
game-hours: 292.8
review: Game takes a lot of patience, worth it when you nuke your enemies in the end. muhahaha
game-hours: 163.8
review: 10/10, would let Ghandi nuke me.
game-hours: 181.6
review: I love this game so much.
game-hours: 216.9
review: Great game. Everyone should get it.
game-hours: 258.7
review: This game made me 2 feet taller and handsomer. I'd say buy it.
game-hours: 39.8
review: Its fun
game-hours: 44.3
review: Rome nuked the Aztecs. 10/10
game-hours: 146.5
review: i spent 79 usd and it dont work wtf
game-hours: 1585.8
review: Review: Check out my hours played.
game-hours: 1285.5
review: AWESOME!!! LOVE IT!!!
game-hours: 153.4
review: One does not simply start a game of CIV V
game-hours: 18.7
review: AMAZING
game-hours: 651.5
review: Best Game Ever. PERIOD.
game-hours: 264.7
review: Amazing game, so many hours spent
game-hours: 345.7
review: Everyboby's doing it.
game-hours: 284.0
review: YES
game-hours: 429.8
review: eh...
game-hours: 207.5
review: Best Game Ever
game-hours: 77.8
review: love it!!!
game-hours: 403.2
review: One of the best strategy games out there. Graphics are quite nice and you really do feel like the master of a nation as you tweak and fine tune your civilization according to your strategy. The base game however is a little bland and although it looks much nicer than Civ 4 it has been dumbed down. Overall, worth picking up if you want a good game.
game-hours: 27.8
review: great
game-hours: 67.4
review: Seemed boring at first, but then I actually started to play it it slowly became more intense as I built my first DEATH ROBOT, I was like WTF.11,,1. On a serious note really good game, recomend getting gold version, (I thought I bought it but apparently NOT)
game-hours: 261.5
review: Ow, my what a anoying game! fun but anoying. Dont play with friends for a excess of 2-3 hours!
game-hours: 31.6
review: 100000000000000000000000000/100000000000000000000000000
game-hours: 111.6
review: SOOOOOOOOOO GOOOOOOODD
game-hours: 1139.6
review: It's Civ. 'Nuff said.
game-hours: 160.4
review: this game sucks . Highly recommended.
game-hours: 159.2
review: Probably the best strategy game Ive ever played.Its the most fun when youre playing with friends.Some problems with multiplayer.9.5/10. Also, evil Gandhi, Catharine and Alexander.
game-hours: 77.0
review: fun game i recommend it to any one that once to destroy there frends with a huge army!
game-hours: 15.3
review: #hype
game-hours: 167.8
review: this game is a classic the entire series is a classic get this game if you love stradegy
game-hours: 587.4
review: Awesome.
game-hours: 538.2
review: My favourite game just get it as soon as u can to start playing
game-hours: 172.7
review: my recommend to this game is JUST TRY IT IT IS ING AWESOME :D
game-hours: 544.7
review: this is a good game for people able to sit down and play it but it takes a decent amount of time i think its a good game
game-hours: 554.6
review: Dis game is good, very much fun and it is like the best boardgame ever x10000, civ 4 fans will pretend theyre smart and say its not very complex but its still quite a tactical game and is fun in both single player and multiplayer. Certain someone in my friends list, if youre reading this, JUST BUY IT ALREADY.
game-hours: 44.6
review: best strategy game ever
game-hours: 82.7
review: Its a great game and if you dont like it like my friend Belini, then i dont respect your opinion and you can  off!
game-hours: 50.3
review: Fun, love the game, all the civilations have their own perks and I must try them all :D
game-hours: 404.2
review: GET. IT.
game-hours: 157.6
review: Your vast amounts of culture cant stop my nukes
game-hours: 688.2
review: Civilization Rocks hard.
game-hours: 233.1
review: It is a very fun very tactical game. I like the play it. It. Is. GREAT!
game-hours: 31.7
review: But im not a rapper
game-hours: 824.8
review: great stuff
game-hours: 273.7
review: Just.... one... more... turn....
game-hours: 197.3
review: Don't trust Caesar.
game-hours: 115.8
review: I played this game for a long time and failed my exams, it essentially ruined my life forever. 10/10 would fail exams for again.
game-hours: 243.4
review: Buy It ................................................................... Punktom
game-hours: 118.9
review: One of the greatest turn based game series out there, would highly recommend for anyone. very easy to learn, but sadly multi player everyones a
game-hours: 21.7
review: very good for building a civ. civ sumulator
game-hours: 1.4
review: Why be yourself when you can be ghandi, making India the global superpower, win
game-hours: 458.2
review: Great game ;]
game-hours: 43.9
review: I just went outside for the first time in a week after purchasing this game. 10/10
game-hours: 44.2
review: Brilliant game! :D
game-hours: 69.8
review: Great game, i liked it better then the previous ones but that is just my personal opion. The DLCs are worth it, the relgion feature i belive is cool.
game-hours: 177.2
review: good
game-hours: 59.5
review: Ghandi
game-hours: 95.1
review: If you have not heard of this game then you are either dead or been living under a rock for a VERY long time. If you have not got this game then you are either crazy or broke. If you have got this game then.... OMG YOU ARE SO TOTALLY AWESOME BECAUSE THIS GAME IS SUPER COOL.
game-hours: 201.0
review: a very good game
game-hours: 63.1
review: Awsomely time consuming
game-hours: 126.4
review: Yeah, yeah, it's simpler, but it works.
game-hours: 487.4
review: Spectacular in scope and depth. Perhaps it could use more, but I think it's epic as it is.
game-hours: 57.9
review: The game where 10 hours feels like 10 minutes.
game-hours: 202.6
review: I have never invested so much of myself into a game before, literal days off of my lifespan playing Civilization V. Time that I cannot and would not want to get back.
game-hours: 120.2
review: Incredibly fun for people who enjoy 4x-style games. Just make sure you have enough time to play before sitting down.
game-hours: 0.4
review: THIS GAME wont let me play with my friends using game share can any1 help me
game-hours: 45.6
review: askldl;f;ajsldkjaf;sdlfkj;alsdkfja;sdfjimonlydoingthisforthecommunityachievmenthtingasjkldfasdkfja;sldkfj;asfgf
game-hours: 155.3
review: This ing game is AWESOME :3
game-hours: 40.2
review: Love it
game-hours: 28.9
review: I can't get through the start loading screen :( please help someone
game-hours: 382.5
review: This game takes a verey long time, and unless you have friends in real lifee willing to play with you, cant be playeed miltiplayer! I recommend it to anyone in stratigy/economic games! its my favorite game on steeam by far, however the time it consumes is annoying at times. Be warned a two hour game is short, most are about 5 to 6!
game-hours: 265.4
review: This game takes up time, but so does any great strategy game. The only problem I can see with this is you really need either Gods and Kings or Brave New World DLC to fully enjoy it. It may be me playing with it for so long, but whatever. It is really well constructed, Gandhi still goes on Nuke rampages. AI is pretty well written, Graphics and animation are beautiful. It is really just one of the best strategy PC games out there. Tenouttaten would recommend to anyone. Another Note: To fully enjoy graphics you should have a decent PC. That aside, anyone on any computer can enjoy this. Enjoy folks!
game-hours: 2379.0
review: Epic.
game-hours: 208.9
review: I can haz nukes?
game-hours: 274.9
review: This game has made my life better.
game-hours: 521.4
review: This game is great fun. If you like strategy games that are also fun to play with friends this is your game. However, Vanilla Civilization V is terrible, no strategy just war forget everything else. So if you do buy make sure you also get the Brave New World dlc too. (It adds trade routes, world congress, spying, religion, other improvements and much needed additional civilizations to play as) otherwise Vanilla will just get repetetive and boring really quick. Hope this helps I love Civ V so if you have questions just ask.
game-hours: 284.8
review: THIS GAME WILL EAT YOUR DAY!
game-hours: 52.7
review: Great game, very time consuming.
game-hours: 39.6
review: So me and my friend have been playing this game for two days now and i have to say it is pretty sick! But watch out when you make trades online the person can steal all of your things if you are the one who started the trade! i was play playing as khan and he was china and i stole all of his citys and razed them all!!!!!
game-hours: 95.6
review: My life is ruined by this game. With a free day I end up playing 14 hours or more. It's so good that I actually lose sleep over thinking about what im going to do tommorow.
game-hours: 19.0
review: its fun at first but once you get into it. Not as fun as you think.
game-hours: 406.3
review: So good it should be banned
game-hours: 562.6
review: yes good game
game-hours: 38.2
review: Awesome.
game-hours: 197.4
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V is a great game it looks good and its easy to get into. Its also a great game if you don't play many strategy games.
game-hours: 39.3
review: i rule the world!
game-hours: 75.2
review: This is the best game ever it will ruin your life.
game-hours: 59.0
review: Lacking really good mod support tho.
game-hours: 20.1
review: This game is about as boring as they come. I would give this game away for free. I'll toss in Garbage/nuff said. {END TURN}
game-hours: 149.3
review: Fantastic statagy Game. Breathes fresh air into the series, but holds true to core mechanics of past games
game-hours: 49.1
review: JUST ONE MORE TURN
game-hours: 288.2
review: The best pc strategy game I have played, very fun.
game-hours: 101.4
review: PC
game-hours: 159.9
review: This game is one of the best games i have ever played, although it does have a couple of bugs and glitches it is still fantastic, Definitley worth the money.
game-hours: 44.7
review: Amazing game nice for relaxing.
game-hours: 280.2
review: After playing for over 200 hours, I can tell you that this is one of the best games of all time.
game-hours: 958.9
review: DIS IS DA BEZT  EVUR. BAI ALL DLS AND I WIL LUV U FUREVER.
game-hours: 23.2
review: You will play 10-20 hours and never pick up this game again, but you sill sure as hell love every moment of it. World Domination does that to you.
game-hours: 82.7
review: fit
game-hours: 162.2
review: Nearly three years after the original release, the game now proudly stands as easily the best iteration of Civ ever. Extremely engaging, very slick and a ton of fun. A fantastic game all around. Word of warning, though: do not bother with the game without the two expansions. They really are absolutely essential for turning Civ V into the game it was always supposed to be.
game-hours: 576.1
review: Good !!
game-hours: 62.7
review: meh, it lacks the depth i like but is fun for a sitting or two.
game-hours: 221.3
review: This is what I play when I'm supposed to be doing homework. It really takes a lot of skill and makes you think so much about every move. Multiplayer with friends is the best, especially when you all end up just foofin around making deals of giving one gold for nothing :D And time just flies by and you just can't get tired of it because every round brings so much to do, all the possibilities, man!
game-hours: 46.3
review: one of my favourite games.
game-hours: 425.4
review: The Real Game The Best Game The BIggest game THUMBS UP
game-hours: 8.3
review: 'Merica
game-hours: 90.6
review: Civilization V is one of the best strategy games I have ever played. There are some issues but those are so minor in comparison to all the great things Firaxis has done to not only make this accessible to new players but even returning players as well. I can say with great confidence that you will not get a better game of strategy right now then what Civilization V has to offer, it is just that good. [9/10]
game-hours: 152.5
review: amazing game i rate 9/11
game-hours: 60.3
review: Just can't get enough, yeah?
game-hours: 77.2
review: Amazing game would definately recommend this, my new favourite.
game-hours: 93.9
review: BECAREFUL OF THE ING PERSAINS!
game-hours: 55.6
review: You won't have a life after purchasing this game. 10/10 Kill me
game-hours: 84.0
review: Very nice game
game-hours: 94.7
review: This is a very fun game that can be played for countless hours. I have "last-turn" disease from it! I never want to stop playing and the time flies byr. It's a good game with a lot of mod support and dlc that is very fun. I would recommend to anyone!
game-hours: 280.0
review: who needs friends when you have civ?
game-hours: 358.8
review: Fun game, like a virtual board game. Games can be long so dont expect to finish one in a single sitting though! (unless its a duel)
game-hours: 121.2
review: This game is an incredably addictive game, as WOWcrendor once said: "Civilization is one of those games that you play for ten hours and then when you look at the clock you go: I was playing that for ten hours?" If you want a good time waster and a fantastic turn based 4X stratagy game, this is the game for you. Although, I advise you buy Brave New World as well, it makes the game ten times better. I would do a more lenghy review but I'm Azkamooski.
game-hours: 810.5
review: I have spent so much time on this game, trolling, being serious, nuking Napolean, and just having so much fun. When you first get the game you should play a single-player game on SETTLER! Remember your learning. After a while you'll destroy that game. Then you get to multiplayer, and its awesome, especially when you have good steam friends! If you don't get this game you're missing out, but you also still have a life xD. 400+ Hours.
game-hours: 107.6
review: Strap a toilet to your , because you won't want to move for a good long while once you start a game.
game-hours: 349.4
review: A very fun, replayable game. I think that it is a good game to play when you have a significant amount of time to waste. I will say however, that i find it hard to play if it the sole thing i am doing as it can be very monotonous clicking the next turn button constantly, especially if you are playing Single Player. The multiplayer does make this game as great as it is though. Playing with 2/3 friends is quite the experience when you have to work together to defeat a common enemy when ultimately you will have to go your own course in your pursuit of victory. A much recommended game, in my honest opinion and well worth the money.
game-hours: 147.8
review: I've played 91 hours and a still enjoying it.
game-hours: 341.5
review: VERY GOOD A LOT OF FUN AND THE MODS ARE SUPER 10/10
game-hours: 129.7
review: Love it! Really good fun!
game-hours: 982.7
review: Love this game! You will need both expansions to truly appreciate it. The "Gods and Kings" expansion added quite a bit to game play but with the latest expansion "Brave New World", more elements have been included such as trade routes, tourism, etc. that enhance the game even more. All that being said, diplomacy is still poorly executed in the game so beware of this negative aspect and enjoy what is a very good, if not excellent (4x) TBS game.
game-hours: 111.5
review: very good, 10/10, much
game-hours: 74.7
review: One of the best strategy games out there. The DLCs are pricey, but 35 for the base game + all DLC is a good deal in my opinion. Would definitley recommend this to anyone looking for a fun strategy game! :)
game-hours: 301.2
review: dope
game-hours: 87.2
review: hours of fun.  the ottomans
game-hours: 550.8
review: so fine
game-hours: 150.1
review: As Portugal's army lines up near my borders I know that war is inevitable. As my army marches to defend the borders, WAR is declared and the line of destruction begins. As one city falls, my army faces off against Portugal. KNowing my army is the largest in the world, I find myself feeling overconfident as my men head to their utter destruction one after another. It slowly dawns on me that my men are using medieval tech against Portugal's superior modern tech. As this realization comes to pass, my empire is in ruins as I try to muster what army I have left... Great game and endless fun. 20/10
game-hours: 75.3
review: Well fleshed out game, easy to join friends games. Would recommened if you're into turn based stargey games!
game-hours: 540.3
review: This is a great game! It's less complex than its predecessor, Civilization IV, which serves to make the game a lot easier to learn and progress in. I HIGHLY reccomend downloading the "Gold Edition" and "Brave New World" DLCs as well, as these prove to completely revolutionize the game. Unlike most other games' DLCs, these serve to completely revamp the game and make it an even more enjoyable experience. Pick a civilization, load a game, and build an empire to stand the test of time!
game-hours: 77.2
review: Keep the Civ Wiki and Subreddit bookmarked
game-hours: 63.8
review: Really Good game. But beware. Once you go in... You wont come out for a loooooong time.
game-hours: 8.6
review: Ghandi had a warring civlization 10/10 would follow history and 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 5.2
review: ..
game-hours: 17.6
review: I give this game a onemoreturn/10
game-hours: 32.2
review: Great game but very time consuming
game-hours: 253.6
review: sexy
game-hours: 15.8
review: one more turn becomes 400.
game-hours: 989.3
review: Just One more Turn
game-hours: 57.0
review: BEST GAME (STRATAGY) EVER
game-hours: 63.7
review: It is an amazing turn-based Strategy game where you can build empires and fight other empires for their land and property. It is amazing for its science aspect where you can build spaceships. It is good for making decisions that will change your empire.
game-hours: 1.4
review: Hard to learn, but when i get to know the game and learn basic stuff it very fun.
game-hours: 199.0
review: one of the best games ive ever bought. its the one game i always go back and play.
game-hours: 108.0
review: Buy this .
game-hours: 94.5
review: Very addicting, time consuming game, but it is very fun overall
game-hours: 10.3
review: Why was the price of this raised?
game-hours: 30.4
review: This game has so many layers
game-hours: 40.0
review: Good game for lots of people to play while drunk...
game-hours: 271.2
review: BEST
game-hours: 37.2
review: It's the best "Turn-based Strategy" game I've played so far. 20 years of gaming. Anything better than this is going to blow my mind. $30 is a fair price. You'll find yourself coming to this game for years. For me, this is a game I'll play with friends until we're all dead (in rl).
game-hours: 122.0
review: Civilization V is one of the best games i've ever played. As a lover of strategy, I would recommend this to anybody that enjoy thinking long hours. If you love to build empires, fight wars, and conquer and rule empires, then this is a game for you!
game-hours: 185.4
review: Betrayal. You know this feeling. Rome has declared war on your nation. The "great" Augustus Caesar has destroyed your friendship, years of peace and prosperity, left to rot. But of course, you saw this coming because your ally, France, had the courtesy to warn you of their plots against you. You tell your cities to start training an army. Then, you tactically place your troops outside of Rome, the capitol, ready to fight for your honor. This is Civlization V. Civilization V is a fantastic game that you'll bury extensive hours of gameplay into. The game is, at its core, a turn based strategy game, but it's much more than that. There are extensive systems in place to simulate relations with other nations, and to regulate your own nation. You can form alliances, start wars, trade resources, battle for the affection of city-states, and research for the best new technologies. It's an amazing feeling to conquer another nation, form an alliance with another powerful nation, or being the first nation to research nuclear weaponry. Civilization V is a vast, expansive, epic game that every gamer should experience.
game-hours: 37.1
review: I got my poopoo pushed in by Gandhi.
game-hours: 189.9
review: Yes
game-hours: 792.9
review: Hello ladys & gentlemen, This game is truly amazing. I recomend a lot. This game has some bugs but thats alright , the main bug i think would be modify with thatwhen you get a deal poposed you can modify it to what ever you like so you can put all his/her citys on that list then click off click on again then click accept. Please do not use it. the game is very fun to play many youtubers play it like the yogscast.
game-hours: 91.4
review: This is possibly the most addicitive game i have ever played. 10/10
game-hours: 25.5
review: Awesome game, definently recommended for those who love strategy games.
game-hours: 139.0
review: This game was amazing until my first encounter with the 'Trade Glitch' it's been in the game for a good year now, so i assume they are not going to fix it. but other then that this game is pretty cool/fun to play with friends. Eddit: The glicth has been patched as of the latest update**
game-hours: 120.0
review: Great Game, good fun and brilliant multiplayer, best with all the DLC.
game-hours: 103.5
review: Civilization V is probably best strategy game ever made. It has countless hours of gameplay at your disposal and many ways to win the game. There is really not much to say about this one, just if you want many hours of fun developing your civilization to rise on top of every other buy this game! 10 / 10
game-hours: 45.9
review: This game is brilliant, End of.
game-hours: 55.8
review: Great game to play with friends
game-hours: 1.0
review: Very nice game
game-hours: 122.6
review: Best strategy all the times
game-hours: 13.1
review: Play as Gandhi wage war all the time.  history.
game-hours: 0.2
review: YES
game-hours: 27.7
review: As one great meme would say.... Nuke all the Civs!!
game-hours: 179.3
review: montezuma makes me hard
game-hours: 626.1
review: This is by far my favourite pc game, with over 500 hours played. It captures historical events whilst creating a new world. An interesting and fun time waster :) idk 5 stars or some  :)
game-hours: 288.4
review: This is a game that just keeps on giving. Hundreds of hours into it and still enjoying every match. Don't buy it for the multiplayer tho, while it is really fun to play with friends its sadly very broken and has heavy lag that really gets annoying later in the game.
game-hours: 106.9
review: One of my all time favorite games.
game-hours: 49.2
review: What the hell! I have played Civ III for long time, i have not playde Civ IV, so i don't know what thats like. First thing i see, is that starting a game is simplified a lot. Then i start a game, what the f*ck, why is here this stupid guide telling me that i should build a city, why, no other Civ game i have played had sh*t like that! I don't need no guide, and if you can't play without a guide, you should not play a complicated strategy game. Then i tried to manage my city, but the managing thing was simplified too, i could not do anything else than choose what to build, also, i heard i have less than 2 citizens. Do not buy this game unless you want another casual piece of garbage! [edit] That was my first reaction, this is actually really good game when you turn off guides and stuff.
game-hours: 237.2
review: Fun To Nuke Mother Russia On Weekends
game-hours: 22.4
review: Great Game. 10/10 Would definately take over the world again.
game-hours: 114.6
review: Great Game, Expansion offers new in-depth. This is worth the money and time.
game-hours: 301.2
review: The best of the five Civ games ever to come out. Those who prefer Civ 4 like a totally different type of game. Civ 5 is very much more like the original Civ 1 and 2 - only much much better. 5 stars.
game-hours: 93.3
review: Needs some more survival scirpts
game-hours: 1065.5
review: one of the best games ever made.
game-hours: 680.0
review: You will not regret it.
game-hours: 109.4
review: good
game-hours: 70.4
review: this game is bonerific
game-hours: 0.2
review: Never got those 2D virgin waifus I was promised for getting this...
game-hours: 297.9
review: This game is a truly fabulous (NOT GAY) work of art and deserves the OFFICIAL holiday that is literally celebrated in Minnisota about it. I have no quarrels with anyone who wastes their life away playing it. Is good.
game-hours: 316.8
review: this game is great and mods make it better. get the complete eddition or most mods will not work. Theres is a lot of good game here. dozens of civs make you change your play style each time and the music is great and fits the mood. i have never played any other civ game before but this is a great introduction. diplomacy is a bit strange and you may find your allies abandon you to ghandi but its still really fun. eventually you may get bored and thats were mods come in. the workshop is filled with tons of mods fixing minor problems or ones that add entire new maps and civs. a great game theres no better feeling than seeing the information circles side down your screen telling you the Mordor has delcared war on Skyrim
game-hours: 203.1
review: This game has been and probably will remain one of my favourite games of all time. It's a beautifully designed political landscape to explore and it's overwhelmingly enjoyable. Competing with friends and foe, I've enjoyed every second that I've had this game running. Civilization V gives you an empire and lets you do whatever the crap you wish to do with it, leaving consequences for your every action, milestone choice and dipolomatic relationship. Build up a nuclear arsenal or get bombarded, build up an army or get invaded, advance your technologies or become primitive in the eyes of your opponents, build wonders to benefit your population, expand your empire, maintain city-state relationships... There's too much to list here and it all contributes to a wonderful user experience. I'd recommend this game to anybody, anywhere. Sure, many people will say that this game is for those who enjoy turn-based strategy, but the truth is that this game can be fun for anybody. Just host a game for you and your friends, turn off artificial intelligence and battle it out to see for yourself.
game-hours: 86.4
review: HEXAGONS R MY SHIIIT!!!
game-hours: 223.0
review: It's a really good strategy game, if you want to buy it buy the complete edition because you'll need it later...
game-hours: 115.2
review: This is an amazing game and really fun.
game-hours: 15.5
review: MY LIFE IS RUINED
game-hours: 128.4
review: it's not as confusing as it looks EDIT: Having realised how absolutely useless my review is, I've decided to rewrite it in as much detail as possible. Civ 5 is by far the best strategy game in existence (except possible for previous Civ 4). Despite this, I would definitely recomend Civ 5 over any other game in the series, especially the new Civ: Beyond Earth, as it offers a much better all round experience. The graphics are beautiful in their relative simplicity, although the game stops fitting my monitor past 1900x1200. You can play it fine on your own (many of my best games have been against bots) but if you are going to play it with friends make sure you are going to get together enough to finish it. It would make me very happy if you bought this game; because it will make you very happy and I'm like happy. enjoy <3
game-hours: 117.8
review: it's good
game-hours: 2992.7
review: A must buy 9.5/10
game-hours: 39.5
review: you should also get this so you me and rhys can play
game-hours: 42.3
review: This is of course an amazing game. You can compare this to being hooked up to intraveinous morphine. Usually the worst parts of the game is your empty stomach and your full bladder, because of your inability to eat and visit the bathroom. This game means sleepless nights and having to skip school or work, because who needs all that when you have synthesized morphine, right? ...but let's nitpick: - Civ 5 is Civ 4 with two of the directions removed. (Instead of 8 directions, you can now only move in 6.) If you own Civ 4, and that weirdass title music hasn't weirded you out yet, then why buy Civ 5? - The tech tree from the expansion Brave New World, looks weird. It looks like a mess, with the Radio unlocked between Electricity and Electronics. ...but you can fix that with the modding support if you want, so it's not too bad. - I don't like morphine effects in general. I think I've grown attached to the wrong kind of game, because I'm not impressed by being amazed. - Once you've won a domination victory on your first run, you might be tempted to try for a science run all on your own. ...except you'll find out, after playing for another day, that you are prevented from actually assembling the rocket. That's a sort of middle finger to me for trying to cheat, and while I guess it's fair, I didn't like it. ...but this game is synthesized morphine, for better and for worse.
game-hours: 35.6
review: dis game is the best game ever made by anybody except those other games that are better but its an okay game the previous one was butter
game-hours: 477.2
review: 10/10 for being able to nuke the US as Japan, take over the world as Germany or for just having a city state called Ur a must buy
game-hours: 102.4
review: amazing thnking strat game
game-hours: 299.9
review: I hope you don't have a life.
game-hours: 23.9
review: Awesome
game-hours: 87.6
review: cool
game-hours: 404.2
review: GET. IT.
game-hours: 157.6
review: Your vast amounts of culture cant stop my nukes
game-hours: 688.2
review: Civilization Rocks hard.
game-hours: 233.1
review: It is a very fun very tactical game. I like the play it. It. Is. GREAT!
game-hours: 31.7
review: But im not a rapper
game-hours: 824.8
review: great stuff
game-hours: 155.8
review: Like nukes? Like Giant Death Robots? Like strategy? Good. You will like this game
game-hours: 42.8
review: It's like real war, but on a computer.
game-hours: 117.9
review: Just get it.
game-hours: 16.1
review: Civilization 5 is a very good game, no doubt, but there were some flaws that made it not as the first game, civilization revelution.
game-hours: 392.2
review: A really pleasing and exciting strategy game that I highly reccommend. 9/10
game-hours: 85.8
review: If you want to kill yourself, this game is perfect for you! If not, I don't know.
game-hours: 86.7
review: If you like strategy games you know what to do!
game-hours: 419.6
review: Good times.
game-hours: 56.5
review: IF YOU WANT TO SPEND 40 HOURS BUILDING A CIVILIZATION ONLY TO HAVE GHANDI NUKE IT, THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU.
game-hours: 126.5
review: is all good
game-hours: 239.1
review: WHERE IS THE DLC!!!!!
game-hours: 28.3
review: Although I largely played real time strategy before I got this as a present, I still greatly enjoyed it. It was made even more enjoyable when I picked up the DLC during a sale. This game is a great game, and it has certainly made me more interested in Civ and Turn Based games in general. It has a nice feel to it, and one day I plan on picking up Civ IV and III just to try them. 8/10 without DLC, 9.6/10 with DLC.
game-hours: 97.0
review: Great game
game-hours: 103.3
review: Two thumbs way up, if i had three, the third would be up as well.
game-hours: 229.6
review: lol
game-hours: 447.4
review: What a great game. it enables you to play as civilizations from the past. As well as you can play it 100 times and each time will be different. the only thing that I would add is a Canadian Civilization.
game-hours: 48.4
review: It good
game-hours: 26.4
review: It's Civilization V, the "just one more turn game" that will get you addicted and make you play for hours. Get this game, it's extremely fun.
game-hours: 591.8
review: best game
game-hours: 34.5
review: This game is awesome! as Warlord Ghandi i waged a mighty confilct with russia and slowly took over the whole world. BUY THIS GAME!
game-hours: 1115.6
review: Just cant stop playing. Fantastic game for anyone even those new to RPGs
game-hours: 251.7
review: Best turn based strategy game ever made. I have played over 1000 hours of civ 4, and while people like to say it is the best I dissagree. Civ V with all dlc's is by far my favorite. Besides crusader kings 2 it is the deepest strategy game that is also enjoyable.
game-hours: 0.8
review: It'd probably be fun if I understood how to play
game-hours: 110.2
review: It's okay 11/10
game-hours: 740.2
review: this game is awesome...best civ yet.
game-hours: 103.5
review: This game is a must get for anyhardcore stratigy game players it is very entertaing and in single player the character AI interactions are very good.
game-hours: 201.3
review: If you're reading this, and have not yet purchased this, go do it now. Thank me later.
game-hours: 44.5
review: I ran out of money and food until all of my troops disbanded.  me I'm bad at this game/8
game-hours: 58.0
review: Civ 5 is the
game-hours: 22.0
review: fun if you like board games, i suck and it takes time to get gud i like to be gandhi the warlord but it doesnt turn out so well none of my friends want to play with me anymore not recommended if you have friends.
game-hours: 323.7
review: Yes.
game-hours: 40.0
review: Very good and simple game. With great expansions.
game-hours: 34.7
review: The game is amazing if u like this kind of games ,try the tuttorial if is your first time playing this game. but dont forget to stop when u learn the basic.(I spend 6 hours on tutorial :( )
game-hours: 28.1
review: A game so directed at Civilization that it assisted in stealing me from my own.
game-hours: 390.4
review: Play the living crap out of it . Very fun. Love the turn based aspect.
game-hours: 51.4
review: Fun game to blow off A LOT of time... addicting
game-hours: 165.0
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V is the best one yet. With many strategic victories, tons of civilizations to choose fun, and a lot of fun to play with friends, I would reccomend this game to anyone that likes a turn-based strategy game.
game-hours: 476.7
review: Awesome
game-hours: 292.5
review: mel
game-hours: 15.7
review: awesome but slow
game-hours: 80.7
review: It's Civ, and what else do you really need? Brilliant as always. The first game that actually make me take a break from CSGO. That is an achievement in itself.
game-hours: 41.8
review: This game is great, but it can get addicting, so beware. The vannila game is good but not as good as the dlc game, its worth giving the dlc a try. One bad thing is with the vanilla game it lacks a lot of things I was used to in civ four, like stacking units, but this isnt really a HUGE problem, its adds to the game in a way. The Replayabilty is HUGE, kinda like spore, and it is increased with the dlc. PLEASE get this game, it is epic! BUILD AN EMIPIRE TO STAND THE TEST OF TIME!
game-hours: 23.8
review: Four years after it's release, it's still an entertaining game. Much of it can nourish your brain with strategic imaginations, lifetime ideas as well as historical learnings. Much of what the era is here all depends on you. You can even control historical leaders too! Notably Bonaparte Napoleon! Pretty much like those city games but this one delievers alot more than those kinds of games. And hey, DLCs of this game is twice the fun!
game-hours: 112.0
review: This game is very good if you don't have a job, you don't have a life, you don't have any responsibilities, you don't particularly enjoy the sun, you can go without eating, sleeping, or using the bathroom for long periods of time, and if you have extra time to waste away trying to nuke the entire world. 10/10 played for 100+ hours and would play for another 100+ hours
game-hours: 97.2
review: Funniest game I've ever played
game-hours: 573.6
review: Um ... I guess it's okay. .
game-hours: 145.3
review: My advisor told me to make friendly status with Atilla. So naturaly Atilla attacked and beated up living soul out of me... History learned us one thing: History is written by victor and those who has bigger stick. But this Civ made it quite bit far from original Civ game so you are able to win here in other way, not only War. Make science, trade, do politics, raise your culture and make other countries jellous. What you get for any price with this game is what will last to you for many years. Just enjoy the complexity and make your nation proud!
game-hours: 136.5
review: 10/10 Had a space race vs the Aztecs.
game-hours: 280.1
review: Very good game! Great graphics with DirectX 11 and the gameplay is addicting.
game-hours: 40.1
review: Its a good game, at a great price
game-hours: 232.5
review: Good game. Just needs the multiplayer to be fixed thou.
game-hours: 86.7
review: If you like strategy games you know what to do!
game-hours: 74.1
review: gud fun
game-hours: 169.5
review: I can trust Ghandi. 25/9.3
game-hours: 105.6
review: Civilization V is a great game, a little hard to understand all the basics at the beggining but when you know how it works it is awesome, also very hard to teach someone how to play the game xD I tried myself and tought it was difficult but that doesn't make the game worse. It is still a really good game :3
game-hours: 761.7
review: some times this game keeps me up all night, then i have to go to work. maybe i shouldnt recommend this game
game-hours: 1056.2
review: Great Game
game-hours: 1158.4
review: the best
game-hours: 274.9
review: This game has made my life better.
game-hours: 521.4
review: This game is great fun. If you like strategy games that are also fun to play with friends this is your game. However, Vanilla Civilization V is terrible, no strategy just war forget everything else. So if you do buy make sure you also get the Brave New World dlc too. (It adds trade routes, world congress, spying, religion, other improvements and much needed additional civilizations to play as) otherwise Vanilla will just get repetetive and boring really quick. Hope this helps I love Civ V so if you have questions just ask.
game-hours: 284.8
review: THIS GAME WILL EAT YOUR DAY!
game-hours: 52.7
review: Great game, very time consuming.
game-hours: 16.0
review: When it comes to turn-based over real-time, Civ is king. Gloriously complex, different every time, and a game that praises thinking and strategy over brute force and dumb luck. That doesn't mean you cant zerg, turtle or rush, it just means you can play your way. It does suffer from some horrible graphical bugs, which I would have hoped they would have fixed by now - but this just makes it look ugly at times, it's still a fantastic game.
game-hours: 68.9
review: GHANDI'S GOT THE NUKES HE'S COMING FOR US!!!! A overall good game that u can play with friends for for an amazing amount of time
game-hours: 101.4
review: PC
game-hours: 159.9
review: This game is one of the best games i have ever played, although it does have a couple of bugs and glitches it is still fantastic, Definitley worth the money.
game-hours: 44.7
review: Amazing game nice for relaxing.
game-hours: 81.8
review: Great game, a must buy!
game-hours: 366.3
review: This is the type of game that you start playing around 8 PM and not realize you've been playing for 6 hours until you look at the clock. A+.
game-hours: 271.7
review: It's not a paradox game, but it's fine for a civ game.
game-hours: 108.6
review: HOLY ING ! WHY ARE WE NOT FUNDING THIS?!?!?!?!?!?!?1
game-hours: 483.7
review: Most likely the best game I have ever played on the Pc. Its great when you play it SP because you get to try the game out, and figure out how the victories and different types of units work. But MP I find is the best because well with random people I find it ruins it because they are extremly aggresive and are usually unreasonable and more but with a friend games can last hours if played right. Overall just great graphics, great gameplay and great game.
game-hours: 51.5
review: cool game
game-hours: 465.0
review: stop stealing my land you ing racist white dog
game-hours: 472.8
review: Great game. A staple for any strategy fan!
game-hours: 202.5
review: This is an extremely fun and hallenging game. I hate barbarians but they do pose a fun adventure during the game. HIGHLY RECCOMEND!!
game-hours: 22.4
review: "Either you die as a hero or you live long enough to see yourself become a villian."
game-hours: 327.3
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 334.8
review: Gave China a single horse for permission to set up an embassy in their capital. 10/10
game-hours: 106.6
review: : .  : .
game-hours: 16.4
review: Sent Ghandi a nuclear bomb to express my friendship :D 10/10 would bomb my allies again
game-hours: 11.9
review: Fun.
game-hours: 22.0
review: 10/10 Played on hardest difficulty, with 5 Gandhi AI. Nuked 5 times on the same turn.
game-hours: 517.9
review: Absolutely!
game-hours: 540.3
review: Just brilliant, great for singleplayer and multiplayer; however, you really need to get both the expansions at least!
game-hours: 23.2
review: I really enjoyed playing this game :D
game-hours: 34.9
review: I've loved Civilization since the day I played the original. Civ5 has improved on things quite a bit in both game mechanics and visuals. This is deffiantely a game worth having! And if your already familar with the Civ series, be warned... Napoleon is still an . >.>
game-hours: 27.1
review: Awesome fun as always. Love this game.
game-hours: 50.8
review: Ok ok, the game may seem boring if you watch someone else play it BUTTTTT!!! It is super addicting! Try it your self! if you love strategy games and have a fantasy of dominating the whole world. This game is for you!
game-hours: 57.1
review: Fantastic game. Been a while since i last played the series, i have fond memories still of Colonization. Last game now took me 23h to Win a Domination victory, had a blast along the way. It might be a bit easy though, and the replayability isn't what i thought it would be. There was also a few small things i would like to have had the Option to enable and disable in the UI. I would however also liked to have seen more Diplomatic and a more exciting Research tree. But all in all it was a Civ game, though simpler then i would have imagined. Well worth playing, even if you have 4X Space games and Tropico 4 out there to compete.
game-hours: 101.3
review: There once was a man named Nick Who liked to play a game called Civ One day he got a DLC That let play as the Inca and Spain He then decided to try To play the Inca on the Lands that are High Within a few turns he met his first friend Greeks that soon tried to backstab him and hasn't existed since then Ever since he was a major power Having a large valley to contemplate how to make others cower Of course he wanted peace in the end Making in the world a many a friend That wasn't to be as it soon was apparent His neighbor on the other side of the valley was India They were friends at first as many had known But upon the the Atomic Era it went south for sure I had tons of troops to desimate But my allies sided with the man whom I hate That Gandhi  got what he deserved A world ruled from Cuzco the center of my empire Thus ends the story of my sad state Playing a game that Gandhi can't beat
game-hours: 98.1
review: This game is sooo adictive. You just want to play until the end of the world. It has so many unique mods that go with it hand in hand.
game-hours: 405.9
review: Wa zek de moedow
game-hours: 9.1
review: ALL SHALL FALL BEFORE GLORIOUS MOTHER RUSSIA. ALSO DONT TRUST ETHEOPIA, THAT GUY BACKSTABBED ME BUT ITS OKAY BECAUSE I KILLED EVERYONE IN HIS KINGDOM WITH CHARIOT ARCHERS.
game-hours: 50.0
review: this is just brilliant... i do recommend to get a good pc first but its ok if u have a wooden one like me.
game-hours: 7.0
review: Great game I greatly enjoy this game even though i have only started playing it. Its very casual with minimal micro managing and an easy user interface. Those of you that have played SOTS II will enjoy this game. This game could have a little better graphics though with more effects(Its all about the Nvedia Phisx particles).
game-hours: 105.3
review: This is the best action, comedy on steam!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 73.3
review: This game finally allows me to live out my disgusting Roman fantasies with friends.
game-hours: 138.1
review: fun for the whole family
game-hours: 335.5
review: If the DLC weren't so expensive I'd get those as well. I highly recommend this. I prefer the larger tactical battles such as with Total War series. But Civ 5 does provide a nice strategic view.
game-hours: 283.4
review: awesome!
game-hours: 111.2
review: Fun turn-based strategy game
game-hours: 1064.1
review: best game on steam, I could go into how amazing everything is but it is to much to type in my lifetime so just get it. also brave new world dlc is needed for the best play
game-hours: 158.9
review: this game is a really good strategy game i give it a 8/10.
game-hours: 332.1
review: best game I have ever played. ( I don't paly to many games. Tight on money)
game-hours: 116.8
review: pretty good
game-hours: 22.3
review: Awesome and fun game!
game-hours: 100.7
review: An amazing game. I recommend everyone get it. Need I say more?
game-hours: 375.8
review: all should own this game
game-hours: 54.9
review: one. more. turn.
game-hours: 108.3
review: good game
game-hours: 1538.3
review: The only thing I do
game-hours: 777.7
review: This is a highly enjoyable game for the people who enjoy turn-based-stratagy games. It is better for people that would go indepth into the games mechanics and the scenarios.
game-hours: 178.9
review: its like science combined with the best geek game and had a baby called civilization and then the baby eats awesomeness
game-hours: 698.8
review: Excellent turn-based strategy game, much like all of its predecessors. My only complaint is that games often end ubruptly and prematurely, but this is only disappointing because of how invested you become in the first place.
game-hours: 212.8
review: i liek dis game.
game-hours: 255.8
review: Fantastic game. Love being able to dominate the world. :D
game-hours: 0.3
review: Nice Simple Game to pass time.
game-hours: 358.0
review: Great game buy. I would reccomend buying ultimate edition
game-hours: 27.4
review: So addicting. I find myself playing for hours on end. 10/10
game-hours: 98.1
review: This game is sooo adictive. You just want to play until the end of the world. It has so many unique mods that go with it hand in hand.
game-hours: 11.6
review: I wholeheartedly endorse this product and/or medical device.
game-hours: 294.2
review: Just. A. F***cking. Masterpeice.
game-hours: 99.9
review: Easily my favorite game to play. I play it at least a few times each week, and never really get bored with it. You can get hundreds of hours of entertainment out of this single game. Expansions and DLC included, there is a lot of content for your money. If you like games of this type: there's really no reason not to own it.
game-hours: 447.4
review: What a great game. it enables you to play as civilizations from the past. As well as you can play it 100 times and each time will be different. the only thing that I would add is a Canadian Civilization.
game-hours: 29.3
review: Fun, need to get the full version soon!
game-hours: 280.8
review: good game
game-hours: 16.9
review: 9/11 would bomb again
game-hours: 212.8
review: i liek dis game.
game-hours: 255.8
review: Fantastic game. Love being able to dominate the world. :D
game-hours: 10.3
review: Why was the price of this raised?
game-hours: 196.4
review: Offered for sale this game
game-hours: 576.1
review: Good !!
game-hours: 80.1
review: While it may start off with a highish learning curve, after twenty hours in the same game all you can think to yourself is how much you hate those damned Inca who backstabbed you while praying that Ghandi doesn't decide to launch a nuclear missile at you during his blitzkreig across Asia...
game-hours: 7.5
review: Came across the Vatican and instantly declared war on them 10/10
game-hours: 106.2
review: Trust Ghandi. As in trust that he will stab you in the back if you don't kill him first. Warlord Ghandi Simulator V.
game-hours: 1.1
review: Got a GabeN mod and exterminatred peasants. 10/10.
game-hours: 108.1
review: One of the single best strategy games ever made. People who don't normally play strategy games are even gonna like this one. This game is incredibly addictive, and you will undoubtedly be sinking an outrageous amount of hours into it if you actually play it. Finishing just one game, even if small, can take a minimum of 8 hours. And if you decide to max out the game and make it huge, then days. There's no other game where you can say you nuked Gandhi and went to war with George Washington and took over America. This game is truly one of the best strategy games I've played and one of the best games in general. 10/10
game-hours: 833.4
review: Built the pyramids, stonehenge, Eiffel tower, and statue of liberty in the middle of the pacific ocean. 10/10
game-hours: 41.8
review: This game is great, but it can get addicting, so beware. The vannila game is good but not as good as the dlc game, its worth giving the dlc a try. One bad thing is with the vanilla game it lacks a lot of things I was used to in civ four, like stacking units, but this isnt really a HUGE problem, its adds to the game in a way. The Replayabilty is HUGE, kinda like spore, and it is increased with the dlc. PLEASE get this game, it is epic! BUILD AN EMIPIRE TO STAND THE TEST OF TIME!
game-hours: 387.3
review: One of the best game i ever played
game-hours: 6.4
review: One of the best games I own. 11/10 Would own again
game-hours: 691.6
review: I recommend playing Civ 5... Just watch the day fly by!!
game-hours: 191.1
review: Accidently spent 13 real-life hours on one game 10/10 would get nuked by Ghandi again
game-hours: 12.2
review: I haven't played civ alot yet, but I enjoyed it so far!
game-hours: 7.5
review: Came across the Vatican and instantly declared war on them 10/10
game-hours: 106.2
review: Trust Ghandi. As in trust that he will stab you in the back if you don't kill him first. Warlord Ghandi Simulator V.
game-hours: 1.1
review: Got a GabeN mod and exterminatred peasants. 10/10.
game-hours: 108.1
review: One of the single best strategy games ever made. People who don't normally play strategy games are even gonna like this one. This game is incredibly addictive, and you will undoubtedly be sinking an outrageous amount of hours into it if you actually play it. Finishing just one game, even if small, can take a minimum of 8 hours. And if you decide to max out the game and make it huge, then days. There's no other game where you can say you nuked Gandhi and went to war with George Washington and took over America. This game is truly one of the best strategy games I've played and one of the best games in general. 10/10
game-hours: 833.4
review: Built the pyramids, stonehenge, Eiffel tower, and statue of liberty in the middle of the pacific ocean. 10/10
game-hours: 65.3
review: 0/10 -IGN
game-hours: 66.6
review: Sure, it could have used some work, and maybe the AI is still finnicky and some gameplay mechanics could be improved. This is however, no detraction from the legacy of Civ IV and other civilization games past. This game still continues to improve the legacy of the genre defining series that is Civilization. Go buy the game and all of its expansion packs. Seriously, go buy it all.
game-hours: 200.3
review: Amazing Game alot better than I thought it would be. A must buy!!!
game-hours: 177.7
review: vary solid game but ends up dragging on in the latter stages of the game plus it seems majority of all the AI civ's are overly aggressive and science victory feels the only way to go. 8.5/10 would bang
game-hours: 256.9
review: Ghandi is bad, but Ghengis Khan is good. 11/10 would play again.
game-hours: 237.5
review: I love this game -Ghandi conquered the whole Roman empire -Ghandi nuked the life out of me -Ghandi defeated a whole load of my Samouri I also love that Russia gets double the Uranium and that there are so many ways to win
game-hours: 82.2
review: its fun
game-hours: 449.3
review: I like 'out smarting' the computer on this. It's the only game you can, so use it wisely!
game-hours: 194.0
review: i came on my sisters  because of this game
game-hours: 255.0
review: Civilization 5 deviens un tres bon jeu grace a ces 2 add-on donc Prenez La version complete est la vous aurez l'un des meilleur civilization
game-hours: 119.2
review: This game is so addictive and can be played for hours and hours on end.
game-hours: 100.0
review: This game is fun but not as fun as vanilla Civ 3 and Civ 4 since it feels like a lot of content has been stripped away, only to be added again in DLCs but I still enjoy this.
game-hours: 29.4
review: Proposed open borders to ghandi, he then invaded me for no reason. 10/10
game-hours: 166.1
review: Ghandi is a horrible person. 10/10
game-hours: 104.4
review: Never. Trust. Gandhi.
game-hours: 157.2
review: This game just manages to pull you into this mindset to make the best out of your Civ. It can make hours go by as if they are minutes! 9/10
game-hours: 53.9
review: gud game
game-hours: 353.8
review: Even if you don't like it, You have to own it!!!
game-hours: 235.5
review: This game is awesome, buy it and I will give you a hug in the most least gay way possible :)
game-hours: 45.4
review: I enjoyed the game its got a decent amount of content dont buy any DLC untill you have maybe 20 hours on it to make sure you like it. I wont be buying the two major DLC in the forseable future because 30 dollars each isnt enough motivation for me. I anjoy the game but time passes far too quickly. I havent encountered many mods that actually work, if any. A good game but I only recomend it to already older strategy game fans.
game-hours: 30.8
review: My first game on steam. Its the start of my addiction, I h ave since then moved on. However this game still remains one of my favourites because i played it the most and its what got me into the pc gaming community, it was awesome!
game-hours: 133.3
review: If amazing had another definatation, it would be Sid Meier's Civilzation. This game is simpaly amazing i played 2 games and a little over 40 hours, and i havent ran into one bug yet. Its that good. At the beggining of each game it gives you a little background knowledge of one of the many civilzations you picked. At the end of it, it says in bold and mighty words "Can you build a civilization that can stand the test of time." When i hear that it inspires me to kick . Once you start playing dont expect to see the sun any time soon
game-hours: 56.4
review: Dumbed down even more but it's good.
game-hours: 38.5
review: One of my fav series of RTS
game-hours: 135.4
review: An absolute must have if you enjoy strategy games.
game-hours: 4.8
review: aaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyufdrggggg
game-hours: 124.1
review: yummy
game-hours: 122.1
review: !
game-hours: 195.3
review: Overall, a great strategy game. Recommended to most. However, it does tend to get boring after a bit, so a game should be played in bursts.
game-hours: 130.6
review: This is a fun but very basic version of world history it has entertained me for a lot of time though, pick it up. 9.5/10
game-hours: 159.7
review: ghandi
game-hours: 890.0
review: amzing game always come back for more and there are endless possabliities for what you can do with the game
game-hours: 184.3
review: Too busy taking another turn to right a review, but this game is genius.
game-hours: 456.2
review: Engineer Approves
game-hours: 816.4
review: Epicness, no more words needed.
game-hours: 72.3
review: Civ V is a great game overall. I have played this in both singleplayer and multiplayer and it is soooo much fun! They both have different aspects of play that make them more fun. Singleplayer is easier to play and a great way to learn or set up however you want. It also has some intuitive AI although it does need some work. Multiplayer teaches you a lot about politics. This game is a must have, and for only $30, or even less on a sale, how could you pass it up!
game-hours: 53.3
review: i like it in this game u are a prime minister or something and you help start a fishing company. you collect fish or crab or whatever, i dont remember. after you have risen as the world dominating force you can choose if you want to annex your enemies or let them go... i like it not only because of the new first person function but also because you can't do anything in the options menu... so yeah  this im uninstalling this piece of
game-hours: 115.7
review: "isnt it a shame some countries would bully weaker countries??" takes over budapest immediately next turn
game-hours: 388.3
review: dlc is to much
game-hours: 19.5
review: sivhd es best gem i ever play this day. i heff lost of fun and i es still have fun. lost of game and lost of playable time mek for grate cheese sim 2017. if i pick my nose for best gem this year, sivhd definitely es best off all.
game-hours: 259.6
review: BUY DIS GOOD 4 YOO
game-hours: 501.1
review: Awesome
game-hours: 7.7
review: This is a great game but Steam causes problems with it. I bought this in store and can't play it through steam. I play a cracked copy because the steam version is broke.
game-hours: 606.9
review: Extremely addictive game bordering on edutainment. 10/10 would pull all-nighters again.
game-hours: 95.1
review: Amazing game with loads of community made mods. Get it if you love messing with histoy
game-hours: 26.6
review: this game is the !
game-hours: 53.9
review: siv V is avery fun game with long drawn out exiteing battle and amazing multiplayer support
game-hours: 108.3
review: Civilization 5 is one of those amazing games that makes you stay up till 6 in the morning, downing Red Bull, screaming when you finally eliminate that  who took your tiny town over 200 turns ago, however you just tok his capital. The game runs smoothly on basically any machine, and mine's a brick. If it doesn't run smoothly in normal mode, theres a "Tactical" mode that basically can run on a toaster. That is, if that toaster has DirectX 9. You will play hundreds on hundreds of turns. You will stay up till the break of dawn. And you will love every second of it. 11/10 would buy again
game-hours: 78.8
review: MAKES GOOD TOAST
game-hours: 100.8
review: Civ remains the end all, be all of country simulations, especially because you don't have to win through force: the scientific space race is here as always, along with diplomatic and cultural victories, and these separations really make each country feel distinct. I haven't played a Civ game in years, so I can't speak to folks talking about how 5 here is in some ways inferior to 4. From what I've seen I think they were trying to simplify some of the more mundane aspects, like plotting roads, with more broad strokes. I think it's pretty spiffy keen- even without me bonnie Scotland - and that's saying something.
game-hours: 325.0
review: Civ 5 is a great game for all skills levels and ages. The tutorial is fairly good for those playing their first civ game or maybe even their first turn based game. I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys warfare, strategy, micromanaging, pretty good graphics, a little bit of history (seriously this has helped in my high school history classes before), and a very balanced game. With I believe 10 different difficulty levels the games ai can be adjusted for someone who is playing their first game all the way to Deity which only very experienced players will win. Basically what changing the difficulty does is starting from the easiest difficulty (Settler) it gives the player heavy advantages. As you get to the Prince or Normal difficulty the playing field is even. As you advance past settler the AI gains larger and larger advantages. This is a great game that is one of my go to games when I have a lot of free time. You can choose the pace at which you play from quick to extreme. It is also turn based and enables you to save at any time. This makes it easy to play at any time even if you have 20 minutes before you have to log off. I would definitely recommend this game to the masses.
game-hours: 32.3
review: .
game-hours: 4.5
review: its prett f ing sweet
game-hours: 54.6
review: Good Strategy Game but it keeps crashing randomly on Windows 8 please fix
game-hours: 101.0
review: Top game m8. Gandhi is a bit of a  though... Queen Elizabeth too hard for Rob.
game-hours: 15.9
review: TEN/TEN IGN Needs (hitler as leader)
game-hours: 4.9
review: Good game :)
game-hours: 5.0
review: h/h would h again h simulator 2h15
game-hours: 23.8
review: ive only had this for about a day and im new to this kind of genre of games but you WILL love it. If you're a big fan of the early life or just making a civilization altogether then this game is right for you!
game-hours: 89.0
review: An amazing game
game-hours: 6.4
review: civ 5 10/10 would rek napoleons butt and steal his capital again -ign
game-hours: 280.8
review: good game
game-hours: 16.9
review: 9/11 would bomb again
game-hours: 54.7
review: Buy this. Play this. DO IT NOW!
game-hours: 365.8
review: phenominal game.
game-hours: 19.0
review: Best strategic series EVER 10/10
game-hours: 162.6
review: Best round-based political strategy game. The DLCs are fine, but not mandatory, but you should have all Addons, because they really improve the depth of the game
game-hours: 176.2
review: Gr8 grame, gr8 grampphics, gr8 grameplay, gr8 b0ss 8.7/10 one of my favorite games ever
game-hours: 375.5
review: I clicked "Next Turn" and I ed in my pants
game-hours: 215.7
review: Hexagon
game-hours: 22.0
review: It's the fifth game. I did manage to buy it for $20.00 at Gamersgate, and hell it's good. What more could you possibly want?
game-hours: 66.1
review: This game is amazing! there are so many possibilities in this game and I deffinatly reccomend you purchase this game
game-hours: 30.9
review: Yes, been playing all of these game for years, highly reccomended
game-hours: 86.2
review: I'm only going to play one more turn. I promise.
game-hours: 176.0
review: its awesome
game-hours: 158.0
review: epiccccccccccccc
game-hours: 23.8
review: very good and adictiv but to mutch dlc
game-hours: 84.1
review: This got me a Gift, Thankyou
game-hours: 31.9
review: I give it 4/2 shoes. My friend Drew was Blue til he found you with glue. He can't chew dew in his brew because he has the flu, but he's blue and that's true. He knew of mew and his gun went pew pew. He threw through bamboo on his que til the cow went moo. This game really follows and gets through to you because it's looking to screw and make do into a few beef stew. You can count on it to break through the fondue with a kazoo because it's not what you're used to. Nights where you would work through and withdrew along with sticking to til you go wahoo is only necessary when you need to outdo and turn to subdue. Thank you.
game-hours: 11.6
review: I wholeheartedly endorse this product and/or medical device.
game-hours: 11.6
review: I wholeheartedly endorse this product and/or medical device.
game-hours: 294.2
review: Just. A. F***cking. Masterpeice.
game-hours: 106.1
review: If you like a very long, turn-based, strategy game this is a game for you, also its not that hard to learn if your new to strategy games.
game-hours: 155.2
review: GREAT GAME --- More about strategy, and has many factors and different parts of the game you have to think about, rather than Rome Total War II where you only command armies.
game-hours: 98.7
review: once you get this game trust me you will be in a trace trust me its such a good game with no bugs that i know of and a really good game in geniral you have to get this game
game-hours: 180.8
review: Don't ever buy this game or you will lose all your social life... you have been warned...
game-hours: 86.5
review: This game took my life, its destroying my social life and I have lost all ability to sport. 10/10
game-hours: 100.2
review: The game is great to the experienced player in Civilization franchise, but new player may find the game play confusing to play. The graphics on the game are visually stunning and the music is really immersive to the gameplay. The only drawback to the game is all the gameplay options. There are so many that I feel like I'm missing out on something. Overall the game is a good pasttime when you are bored.
game-hours: 784.8
review: best. game. evah.
game-hours: 24.6
review: GOD BLESS AMERICA I LOV
game-hours: 96.3
review: Must play for anyone that enjoys strategy.
game-hours: 34.2
review: Decent -IGN
game-hours: 235.0
review: Almost like a board game, civilization 5 is a very unique and interesting game. I reccomend it to strategy game players but please note that action lovers of "shoot em' up" games will not be amused with this game. NOTE: game crashes and I run a very fine system. Multiplayer via steam is hard for me as well, I think the game isn't too compatible with my high end computer however. EDIT: 1/29/15 Picked up Brave New World and soon Gods and Kings DLC..... absolutely must pick up the DLC otherwise the game is not complete and can be considered a bad beta. Brave New world and Gods n Kings (BNW & G/K) completely overhaul culture victory to be based on tourism, and add religous and diplomatic victories. The new civilizations, trade, diplomacy, world congress, bugs are all better and much more streamlined. I got beyond earth before these DLC and thought it was a straight upgrade until I purchased the addons which cause this game to be one of the best around, while it doesn't lack for an occasional bug it happens rarely in hours and hours of play. Highly reccomend, do not miss this game.
game-hours: 179.9
review: 10/10 you can fap to it
game-hours: 30.8
review: My first game on steam. Its the start of my addiction, I h ave since then moved on. However this game still remains one of my favourites because i played it the most and its what got me into the pc gaming community, it was awesome!
game-hours: 7.6
review: Better then the new one.
game-hours: 104.8
review: in tis gayme u cen colekt reeses horses an u cen bild n armeh n an empier. got 2 bild dem all!
game-hours: 198.8
review: Buy this
game-hours: 10.6
review: ARCADE WIZARD'S REVIEW FUN: 5/5 GRAPHICS: 5/5 SHOULD YOU BUY IT?: YES
game-hours: 147.7
review: Awesome game!
game-hours: 241.4
review: I love this game. It has great gameplay, graphics, and multiplayer. I have experienced a couple of gliches, some are simple annoyances and others make you want to choke a . Overall I beileve this is a good game.
game-hours: 72.0
review: 6/10 too much water -ign
game-hours: 730.1
review: Great game, excellent strategy based game. Although what brings it down is it's bugs, and that the developers are trying to milk the consumers of their money. Seriously... I speak for everyone, just stop...
game-hours: 159.5
review: Best 4X game ever.
game-hours: 2.8
review: I was playing a simple game. My ma came and asked: how long have you been here? '5min.' 'And now is ing 2 am, you started playing it at 8 pm, so you call this 5min?!' Time killer.10/10.
game-hours: 925.0
review: The game is magnificent any fault in the game you can probablly find a mod for. and tons of extra goodies added in from the other civs, no longer will you have to worry about that one guy who just builds millions of cities. and than spams cheap units. because now there is one unit per tile, and maintainence on armies. only problems i find with the game is that i cant get krakatoa in my games and GANDHI KEEPS F****** NUKEING ME!!!
game-hours: 65.7
review: It's the late game. Only Ghandi, you, and Rome remain. Ghandi declares war on Rome, and you see opportunity. Ghandi requests Uranium to destroy Rome. You give Ghandi the Uranium in hopes he will take out Rome for you. Next turn, Ghandi declares war on you and nuclear missiles shower your cities. You now understand why Ghandi is feared. For he is Ghandi Destroyer of Worlds. 10/10 Would get nuked by a peaceful ruler again
game-hours: 41.6
review: I woke up played this game for thirty minutes, looked outside saw that it was pitch black out. Apparently I had played for six days straight and now had an unending hatred for the French. 10/10
game-hours: 65.8
review: This is a really nice game,BUT,don't download it even you buy it,it got bug inside.You can't even play it,either endless loading or problem in playing...... But I still recommend you guys to buy this game.You can download it after a new patch,this review is post on 11-6-14,wait until the next patch will be a nice option
game-hours: 178.9
review: That isn't even close to a fair deal
game-hours: 15.8
review: Best Game Ever Made, no need for a detailed review, but it now 99999/10
game-hours: 648.7
review: THE VERY BEST FROM BILLY MAYES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 177.7
review: bad game 9/10 IGN
game-hours: 244.8
review: i NO oWE you White shirt
game-hours: 90.4
review: Best game ever.
game-hours: 1.3
review: great game
game-hours: 155.7
review: 10/10
game-hours: 70.3
review: THHIS GAME IS SWERVE-TASTIC
game-hours: 303.9
review: The Huns are Jerks, every game with random civs they are next to me and they have an uncanny talent of shoving battering rams up my behind.
game-hours: 37.5
review: Very good. Traditional Civ game but it looks more polished and some of the menus are quite hard to navigate on a large screen. Good overall.
game-hours: 76.3
review: Great game, the only problem I have with it is that you need to pay for the game 3 times. Once for the base game, once for Gods and Kings, and once for Brave new world. It kinda pisses me off that they made us pay for basically updates that made the game complete you can't play the game without at least one of the major DLCs. If your going to release DLC that fix the game at least lower the price to like $10 or somthing not $30 the same price as the Base game.
game-hours: 26.5
review: Great game lots of fun.
game-hours: 60.8
review: such game much civilization so culture win
game-hours: 24.6
review: This game is very replayable.
game-hours: 65.0
review: Very nice game if u got brains
game-hours: 30.4
review: Great game, time consuming though as you never find it in you to quit, you'll always wish that you got 1 more turn before you go to bed or work. The expansions are worth it too, they really add alot to possibilities. I wont reccomend this game if your someone that isnt patient.
game-hours: 74.1
review: Ghandi destroyed me with nukes. 11/10
game-hours: 209.2
review: Before you start a game make sure you have nothing to do for the next 3 weeks.
game-hours: 105.2
review: Very Good game but can get a bit boring after about 1-2 hours
game-hours: 2.0
review: First time in the Civilization Series. There's a huge learning curve, but you'll get over it. There are huge maps, and there are small maps. This game is awesome, so just buy it now during a sale before the price gets too high.
game-hours: 58.8
review: Every time I open this game I lose 8 hours of my life. It's kind of fun when you're waiting for the next day for whatever reason, but it has taken a toll on my livelihood. 10/10
game-hours: 218.7
review: Amazing game! Can spend hours on it. Strategy strategy strategy.
game-hours: 136.3
review: This game is Risk on steroids.
game-hours: 291.5
review: one of the best strategy games of the year
game-hours: 198.9
review: Great game well worth your time and money :D
game-hours: 284.6
review: Continental unification. Glory to Arstotzka.
game-hours: 86.2
review: YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
game-hours: 56.5
review: Very good
game-hours: 68.8
review: Very good game to kill jews
game-hours: 55.6
review: great game.. very addicting ill quit after the next turn 50 turns later
game-hours: 117.8
review: JUST BEST GAME EVER  10/10
game-hours: 185.0
review: The best game I have ever played when i got all the DLCs but without them it's a ok game
game-hours: 161.2
review: Ba Ba Yetu Yuaaaaaaaa. This game is probley ONE OF THE BEST games I have ever played. Better than watchin' fail videos. Try it out because I can tell you one thing. Nobody and I mean NOBODY plays as China
game-hours: 125.8
review: amazing turn based strategy game and it gives a new look on strategy
game-hours: 570.7
review: I not really sure how to play this game but it seems okay. -I Like Catherine...she's so perty. ..and op. -Screw Gandhai and the Iriqouis -OMG science! -China loves me. -Greece is an idiot... -I have no idea what I'm doing. -One more turn. 10/10 would nuke, science, and Catherine again.
game-hours: 10.3
review: why can i no download!
game-hours: 174.7
review: Conquer the whole world! Then erect phallics in ALL THE TOWNS!
game-hours: 247.6
review: ,
game-hours: 326.5
review: get it, you
game-hours: 170.0
review: I lost a week of my life i will never get back...worth it. 11/10 would buy for Nan
game-hours: 290.5
review: When i play this game, i just cant stop. I always say, "Just one more turn", but then I look out the window and its six in the morning. 10/10 would reccomend
game-hours: 139.4
review: I like it. It's pretty fun.
game-hours: 79.4
review: Where to start with this master piece. Honestly one of the best games i've ever played, up there with the greats. It's got a great concept behind it and to be honest works brilliantly. Definetly a must buy
game-hours: 36.0
review: there are tiles
game-hours: 1508.2
review: The relationship a man has with the game Civilization, is not something that can be summed up in a review. You play the game and it bombards you with information, your land is being raided, your people are under attack and the only thing between ruin and salvation, is you. can you build a civilization that can stand the test of time? Probably not if you play online! Let me break it down for you. Buy Civ5 Complete. It has all the DLC and is CHEAPER than the base game or Gold edition. Then repeat after me "I will never play, create, or join an online game that has more than 4 players in it! You see the year is 2011 and Firaxis were all "servers? what's a server?" so online is a direct connection and everyone strains the hosts' connection. Most of us have ISP providers who would much rather we didn't behave like a server unless we are willing to pay extra so when you have enough people straining your upload bandwidth, guess what happens? They go pop and are booted from your game. Although you will be lucky to even see the end of an online game anyway. Leaving a game has no downside so if you are losing, feel free to just leave. Yes I will judge you for it and so will everyone else, you pansy. But there is nothing I can do about it so really who gets the last laugh? You do my friend. You do. Also never trust Ghandi. He was a  in real life and they recreated that perfectly in the game. Forget what you heard, Ghandi is the true menace to freedom the world over. Kill him on sight. Join Grumpy reviews for all your gaming needs
game-hours: 1030.6
review: Build a civilization from it's tiny nomadic roots to a technological superpower. This is definitely one of the best strategy games ever designed, and I hope for much in any upcoming sequel.
game-hours: 807.8
review: Only played a bit, it was ok
game-hours: 192.9
review: There is one thing I don't like about it, and three things where I have mixed feelings. What I don't like is that pollution isn't a factor anymore. It simply does not exist. In the Civs I have played you always had this narrative sort of thing: You wanted faster production but increased production entailed the possible pollution of some patches of land, rendering them unusable. But only after pollution became a factor, and only after you realized how harmful it could be, you were able to develop technologies that reduced or eventually eliminated it. This seemed a good enough approximation to what is happening in the real world. But in Civ 5 there is no pollution. One of the more interesting aspects of late game is gone. Why? I have mixed feelings about the multifunctional end-turn button. In the Civs I have played there was always the chance that you forgot about this unit or that city, and the larger your civilization became the more likely it was that this could happen. This meant that you always had the feeling that you could do better and that there always was room for optimization. The fate of your civilization rested upon your shoulders, and your shoulders alone. With Civ 5 you cannot end a turn unless you have gone through all that the multifunctional end-turn button has prompted you to do. It does not matter anymore whether you forget something or not. For me this lead to a certain disconnection to my civilization. I just keep pressing the button and do what it prompts me to do until "end turn" pops up. I think this makes Civ 5 less memorable, or less of an "experience". Your own skills do not matter as much anymore because this aspect has been taken off of you. I also have mixed feelings about how the buying of buildings or units has been changed. No more does it matter how far the production has gone, meaning no more wating, say, 5 turns for the city to build something by itself, and then paying for the rest. Now it's all or nothing. Also, now you can buy things while actually producing something else entirely. Maybe that's good, maybe not, but to me this just feels a little cheesy. And the last thing is that I miss the transparency of older Civs. I honestly have no clue anymore how my civs get all their money and whatnot. To this day I have no idea how science "bulbs" are generated. I wouldn't know how to min-max stuff. For me, there are just too many factors to be able to have a thorough understanding of how my Civ ticks. Granted, I have not played that much, and did not pay much attention to the mechanics. But the thing is, it seems you don't have to. Just following some general guidelines (e.g. more growth = better, culture is a good thing, etc.) seems enough to win. On the other hand, it might be not all that bad to replace the rather rudimentary mechanics of older Civs with some that are more complex, even if they are running "in the background". One last thing is the tech-tree. Some advances seem a bit arbitrary to me, but I have no clue whether this is because of my lack of understanding of history or science, or whether Firaxis just messed up. Overall it's still an easy recommendation for me, it still is Civ, after all.
game-hours: 78.0
review: Defently the best Civ game i have played to date, Gd visule and sound, gd gameplay and multiplayer works like a charm, can be glitchy sometimes but overall it is a very gd game
game-hours: 98.2
review: This is probably one of the best games I have ever played and with my total of 60+ games (console and pc) this is definetally #1. I think everyone should own this fine masterpice of a game. The single player and multiplayer options are very well balanced.
game-hours: 95.9
review: for some reason my game keeps reloading when i play. maybe it has something to do with the new patch. my friend is having the same problem. either way still the best game ever!
game-hours: 260.4
review: After playing this game you will never see Gandhi the way you did before.
game-hours: 290.3
review: The lack of post mondern units takes some of the fun out of this new version but great overal.
game-hours: 51.6
review: Got nuked by Gahndi 10/10
game-hours: 104.3
review: It's very good if you are into startegy games and that make you think. Recomend this with the expantion packs. Totally worth it.
game-hours: 144.3
review: The Game is Very Sexy
game-hours: 482.1
review: I have owned Civilization 4 and Civilization 5 has expanded on every thing i liked about Civilization 4. This game was worth every penny i spent on it. I highly recomend this game to everyone.
game-hours: 69.3
review: when you play civ 5 you forget there is a world outside of your bedroom 10/10 would forget again
game-hours: 66.8
review: I have played days of this game offline I highly recommed this game it's great for wasting time.
game-hours: 497.7
review: Anyone who enjoys strategy will simply love this game. I've put in almost 10 days worth of playing time and I stil am loving it. Simply an amazing game.
game-hours: 66.6
review: Sure, it could have used some work, and maybe the AI is still finnicky and some gameplay mechanics could be improved. This is however, no detraction from the legacy of Civ IV and other civilization games past. This game still continues to improve the legacy of the genre defining series that is Civilization. Go buy the game and all of its expansion packs. Seriously, go buy it all.
game-hours: 291.5
review: one of the best strategy games of the year
game-hours: 218.7
review: Amazing game! Can spend hours on it. Strategy strategy strategy.
game-hours: 136.3
review: This game is Risk on steroids.
game-hours: 64.4
review: Fun when you play with friends. Takes a while to learn the game. 8/10
game-hours: 673.0
review: I absoutly love this game, love wonder ing but never lost a game. Love nuking other civs and just crushing them with my armies. But have not faced ghandi's nuke crazy wrath yet. 10/10 would nuke again
game-hours: 21.3
review: This game is great!! I love it! Just everything about this game makes it fun. Plus you can nuke people!!!!
game-hours: 228.7
review: How to win: Start as shoshone (twice as much starting land with new cities) befriend everyone use the city land boost to take all their potential resources ahnillate a civ that starts attacking city states get called a warmonger by every other nation even though you saved the world make you neighbors really mad by beating their religeon out of the holy city Destroy another civilization that nearly wipes out a smaller one Make your long time friends the Russians prepare riflemen outside you border stand there waiting with your artillery and infantry 10/10 would lose all friends again
game-hours: 0.9
review: I've been an absolute fan of the entire Civilization series. As I've played everygame (with the exception of star ships), Civilization V is one of the best Civ games, especially if it's packed with the expansions ;) Gameplay, Graphics, and the AI are just great. Unfortunately Civ V is the last in the entire series that I will love, as Beyond Earth and (presumably) Starships, are just failures. I would've loved it if Beyond Earth is a DLC of Civilization V, on which, by the time you reach the Alpha Centauri period, you can go to other planets and build your empire there. That would be better rather than starting already on a different planet. Anyways, a great game Civ V is. Though Civ IV is still the best imo, you can never get wrong with Civilization V
game-hours: 1508.2
review: The relationship a man has with the game Civilization, is not something that can be summed up in a review. You play the game and it bombards you with information, your land is being raided, your people are under attack and the only thing between ruin and salvation, is you. can you build a civilization that can stand the test of time? Probably not if you play online! Let me break it down for you. Buy Civ5 Complete. It has all the DLC and is CHEAPER than the base game or Gold edition. Then repeat after me "I will never play, create, or join an online game that has more than 4 players in it! You see the year is 2011 and Firaxis were all "servers? what's a server?" so online is a direct connection and everyone strains the hosts' connection. Most of us have ISP providers who would much rather we didn't behave like a server unless we are willing to pay extra so when you have enough people straining your upload bandwidth, guess what happens? They go pop and are booted from your game. Although you will be lucky to even see the end of an online game anyway. Leaving a game has no downside so if you are losing, feel free to just leave. Yes I will judge you for it and so will everyone else, you pansy. But there is nothing I can do about it so really who gets the last laugh? You do my friend. You do. Also never trust Ghandi. He was a  in real life and they recreated that perfectly in the game. Forget what you heard, Ghandi is the true menace to freedom the world over. Kill him on sight. Join Grumpy reviews for all your gaming needs
game-hours: 15.9
review: TEN/TEN IGN Needs (hitler as leader)
game-hours: 198.9
review: Great game well worth your time and money :D
game-hours: 22.0
review: It's the fifth game. I did manage to buy it for $20.00 at Gamersgate, and hell it's good. What more could you possibly want?
game-hours: 66.1
review: This game is amazing! there are so many possibilities in this game and I deffinatly reccomend you purchase this game
game-hours: 255.0
review: Civilization 5 deviens un tres bon jeu grace a ces 2 add-on donc Prenez La version complete est la vous aurez l'un des meilleur civilization
game-hours: 119.2
review: This game is so addictive and can be played for hours and hours on end.
game-hours: 98.2
review: This is probably one of the best games I have ever played and with my total of 60+ games (console and pc) this is definetally #1. I think everyone should own this fine masterpice of a game. The single player and multiplayer options are very well balanced.
game-hours: 51.6
review: Got nuked by Gahndi 10/10
game-hours: 104.3
review: It's very good if you are into startegy games and that make you think. Recomend this with the expantion packs. Totally worth it.
game-hours: 144.3
review: The Game is Very Sexy
game-hours: 482.1
review: I have owned Civilization 4 and Civilization 5 has expanded on every thing i liked about Civilization 4. This game was worth every penny i spent on it. I highly recomend this game to everyone.
game-hours: 103.5
review: Civilization V is probably best strategy game ever made. It has countless hours of gameplay at your disposal and many ways to win the game. There is really not much to say about this one, just if you want many hours of fun developing your civilization to rise on top of every other buy this game! 10 / 10
game-hours: 1.0
review: Very nice game
game-hours: 91.1
review: A very very VERY good game. 10/10. I'm a new comer to this game but, i love it so far :). I would reccomend this game to people who like stratagy games.
game-hours: 30.5
review: Fun
game-hours: 630.0
review: Another addicting Civ game. The amount of DLC is overwhelming, but doesn't bring much to the table. Worth picking up on sale, otherwise don't feel like you have to have it all.
game-hours: 174.7
review: Conquer the whole world! Then erect phallics in ALL THE TOWNS!
game-hours: 599.1
review: The best one of the series, best of its genre. And remember if you start playing, there is no return.... Also this game made me learn more about history etc. then school did.
game-hours: 77.7
review: great game
game-hours: 6.8
review: Just one...more...turn....
game-hours: 101.1
review: It was gr8 would r8 8/8 m8. But seriouly it's a super good game to play either singleplayer or with friends on multiplayer. The DLC are epic as well and add so much to the game.
game-hours: 58.8
review: BUY THIS MOTHA FUKIN GAME!
game-hours: 118.1
review: This game STEALS your life... Best game... spending atleast 40 hours a week :L
game-hours: 16.9
review: 50 Hours into your latest save, all is going well. Only 3 leaders left Gandhi, Caesar and Washington. you draft an 'end game' plan in your mind, you will make friends with Gandhi (for obvious reasons he's chill) then procede to befriend Caesar. Then you will take out Washington because he is a  and did not accept an open border agreement 3000 years prior HE MUST PAY. 20 turns later all is going to plan, we are now on Washingtons doorstep, Gandhi and Caesar appear to love and probably fear your superpower nation. All we need to do is eliminate the pesky Americans and ith all our military now on American soil this should not take long. Then after the swift invasion of America we will make a vote for world peace at the U.N (in rome of course) with our new found Indian and Roman brethren it is a sure win! But all of a sudden the distant droning of nuclear sirens start, quickly they become louder and louder, "what is this!?" you think to yourself, a false alarm? You shrug it off maybe Caesae bombing a city state. The game pauses... Gandhi appears on the screen, with a sinister grin he shouts "WAR" in your face. Only seconds after you see a gut wrenching sight. The camera focuses on a nuclear submarine stationed just off the coast of your pride and joy, the capital of your glorious nation. You then hear a rumble, just seconds after a nuclear warhead emerges from the previously hidden submarine, you realise it is too late... you can only watch as the missle closes in. As your city goes up in a giant cloud there are short lived screams from your beloved people, then silence. Before what had just occurred had sunk in, before you could make rescue efforts to save your much loved citizens the humming of quiet engines fall upon your ears. Suddenly countless 'stealth bombers' appear seemingly out of no where, soon the sky is blackened by planes, the game falls almost silent only the whistle of falling bombs remains. You faint from the shock of what is unfolding. You awake shortly after, Gandhi is still flattening what remains of your once prosperous empire, now with 'giant death robots' making the most of his seemingly never ending turn. As Gandhi clinically and relentlessly razes what's left of your broken nation all you can do is weep, your people hacked down in their prime and your glorious nation so mighty just minutes before has just been been all but eliminated in 1 turn. Why oh why did you turn of autosave? did it really speed your game up? was it worth it? Ghandi is a complete , he acts like your friend but WILL nuke the  out of you if even the slightest oppurtunity presents itself. 9/10 kappas
game-hours: 62.7
review: i rate 8/8 m7
game-hours: 11.4
review: love it!! its fun but takes ages to finish one game
game-hours: 1269.4
review: This game is unbelievable. I didn't like turn based strategy games until I found this game! The art style and look to the game always puts a smile on my face and the game mechanics are extremely fine tuned. The DLC for Civilization V, Gods And Kings and Brave New World Add so much new content they could almost be games in their own right. If you have a highly addictive personality when it comes to games, you'll spend hundreds of hours on the game and the replay value of this game is immense with hundreds of mods on the workshop and 43 civilizations to play with if you buy all DLC's.
game-hours: 404.3
review: This is my new favorite game of all time. Hands down. Everyone on my friendslist needs to get it.
game-hours: 89.2
review: This is one of the best turn based-strategy games i have ever played and i am so happy i paid such a low price for it :D
game-hours: 35.0
review: i have spent hours apon hours apon hours on this game and it never gets boring you can play it for 24 hour and not realize that you have been playing it this long and not to mention that its multiplayer so even more fun with your friends and there lots of points that you can win 1: WORLD DOMINATION 2: live in peace 3: stay out of harms way and become rich :3 4: OR DO ALL OF THESE <3
game-hours: 241.5
review: If you're going to get it, make sure you pick up the major expansion packs as they add significant depth to the game that could otherwise be said to be a bit shallow.
game-hours: 152.4
review: amazing game. git it
game-hours: 278.5
review: good game.
game-hours: 20.5
review: Alexander the Great won't quit asking to put Embassy's in my city. -10/10
game-hours: 171.3
review: If you like good games or have a soul, you'll want to play this.
game-hours: 2.8
review: Played as Poland. Spawned in Southern America. 10/10 for historical accuracy.
game-hours: 11.4
review: Good game to play with friends :D
game-hours: 24.1
review: This game is absolutely amazing, even better with the DLC, I highly recommend buying this. You will also never go outside again. 10/10
game-hours: 80.1
review: ridiculously fun game, poured the last few weeks of my life into it. The game is made even more interesting with multiplayer, being able to play with or against my friends is a nice addition.
game-hours: 55.8
review: AWESOME! hours and hours of fun, if you can play with friends its the best.
game-hours: 573.9
review: Loved it
game-hours: 68.8
review: Invaded the U.S. with an army of Roman Giant Death Robots. 11/10 would declare war again
game-hours: 285.3
review: Good if you're smart and patient.
game-hours: 44.0
review: Just a really addicting game
game-hours: 31.4
review: This is a very fun and interactive game. I love how they used real world leaders in the games. Nice going Sid Meier!
game-hours: 11.7
review: So much fun, Replayable to the max, #GhandiWar. This has to be my top game i've played in 2015! 10/10/10
game-hours: 28.7
review: -Opened up the game. -Created new save file. -Started as Rome. -Everyone declared war against me. 10/10 would slaughter everyone again
game-hours: 18.8
review: Great Game I know my hours are small but i have played other Civ games too, and i really like them. Better to play with friends though :D Give the game a try you may like it alot.
game-hours: 205.3
review: Great stragey game much better than any other Stradegy game i have played.
game-hours: 108.0
review: This game is a great concept but very buggy for months and months unfixed. The multiplayer options as far as mods go leave much to be desired also. Know this stuff going in and it can be a fun experience.
game-hours: 23.2
review: What a great game. What a shmuck I've been to wait so long to try it out.
game-hours: 290.5
review: When i play this game, i just cant stop. I always say, "Just one more turn", but then I look out the window and its six in the morning. 10/10 would reccomend
game-hours: 139.4
review: I like it. It's pretty fun.
game-hours: 98.5
review: I love this game so much i even scared my friend playing it. i will tell you how i did it. i hid behind a corner and when he walked round i shouted WILL SMITH and he physiccly  himself. have fun 9/32
game-hours: 79.4
review: Where to start with this master piece. Honestly one of the best games i've ever played, up there with the greats. It's got a great concept behind it and to be honest works brilliantly. Definetly a must buy
game-hours: 36.0
review: there are tiles
game-hours: 55.8
review: Great game to play with friends
game-hours: 120.0
review: Great Game, good fun and brilliant multiplayer, best with all the DLC.
game-hours: 287.5
review: Dont buy this game it will ruin your life you will lose all friends who dont have civ please hear my warning
game-hours: 139.0
review: This game was amazing until my first encounter with the 'Trade Glitch' it's been in the game for a good year now, so i assume they are not going to fix it. but other then that this game is pretty cool/fun to play with friends. Eddit: The glicth has been patched as of the latest update**
game-hours: 56.1
review: It's a 11/10 game.
game-hours: 16.5
review: is k
game-hours: 117.8
review: Fun to Nuke an Invincible city
game-hours: 64.1
review: 10/10 by far one of the best and most fun strategy games I've played.
game-hours: 52.5
review: This is a great game and a must have for pc players. It is easy to get the hang of. Get the complete edition the normal civ V is ok. The complete edition is what makes it a really good game. 9/10 only due to the fact you need to get the main DlCs.
game-hours: 163.3
review: I love civ it is such a fun game, and when you play with your friends it only multiplies the experience!
game-hours: 401.8
review: All this game needs is Baba Yetu Military advisor: WAR! Science advisor: SCIENCE! Military advisor: WAR! Science advisor: SCIENCE! Military advisor: WAR! Science advisor: SCIENCE! Military advisor: WAR! Science advisor: SCIENCE! Military advisor: WAR! Science advisor: SCIENCE! Military advisor: WAR! Science advisor: SCIENCE! Military advisor: WAR! Science advisor: SCIENCE! 10/10
game-hours: 63.0
review: Civ is Love, Civ is Live, Spread your cheeks for CIv. Once you start Civ, one does not simply stop playing Civ. Civ will give you Ebolaids. 420 / 10 Dewritos
game-hours: 287.5
review: Dont buy this game it will ruin your life you will lose all friends who dont have civ please hear my warning
game-hours: 30.5
review: Fun
game-hours: 64.1
review: 10/10 by far one of the best and most fun strategy games I've played.
game-hours: 52.5
review: This is a great game and a must have for pc players. It is easy to get the hang of. Get the complete edition the normal civ V is ok. The complete edition is what makes it a really good game. 9/10 only due to the fact you need to get the main DlCs.
game-hours: 163.3
review: I love civ it is such a fun game, and when you play with your friends it only multiplies the experience!
game-hours: 77.1
review: The DLC's make this game so fun, and the basegame is still good. With friends its even better, and i recommend getting this if you have a couple of friends getting it. 9/10
game-hours: 63.0
review: Civ is Love, Civ is Live, Spread your cheeks for CIv. Once you start Civ, one does not simply stop playing Civ. Civ will give you Ebolaids. 420 / 10 Dewritos
game-hours: 15.1
review: I recommend this game to people who enjoy games similar to Sim City or Age Of Empires. That is all.
game-hours: 43.7
review: this game makes me kek
game-hours: 222.1
review: This is the best strategy game I have ever played. Definately worth the $75 i have spent on it so far.
game-hours: 230.4
review: cool game keep you intertained for hours
game-hours: 29.9
review: I have never liked strategy games, but this one is amazingly sweaty.
game-hours: 103.5
review: OOOOOOH MAH GAWD ITS SO GOOD
game-hours: 20.1
review: "One more turn can't hurt." (12 Hours Later) "Oh ! did I just play for 12 hours straight?!!" -Classy Idiot
game-hours: 146.4
review: One of the best turn based strategy games there is!
game-hours: 276.8
review: Ha great game
game-hours: 21.1
review: 1 Whole Game took me 15 hours.... Worth it. Live Ruining, #Never See Outside World again! 11/10
game-hours: 19.3
review: it is very fun but i was so angry as they made it 75% off the day after i bought it, they do this with about half my games so i have wasted money. It is almost like they do it to annoy me, stupid idiots
game-hours: 157.7
review: I hated all prior Civilization games. Maybe they changed, or maybe I changed. Whatever happened, I enjoyed this one.
game-hours: 30.5
review: NEVER EVER PLAY THIS GAME AGAIN. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED ! 11/10 addicting, destroy my university life -1/10 don't play again.
game-hours: 134.3
review: What a game... So fun and addicting!
game-hours: 235.3
review: Got the complete on sale. Best purchase ever.
game-hours: 134.3
review: What a game... So fun and addicting!
game-hours: 437.4
review: While the graphics are beautiful I have significant complaints: 1: the lack of real philosophical differences in how the computer-controlled opponents make their decisions 2: the way the game railroads all players, even those of non-European groups, into eurocentric history 3: the lack of shared victory (this is supposed to exist as an option, but #1 makes this too buggy to turn on) You're making small-scale decisions. There are correct or incorrect choices. You optimize your cities, troop placement, or choose to rush for a technology. There is almost always a "best" approach to your situation. That's how the game suffers. You're not making a decision, you're finding a reliable option. You choose a victory condition or two you'll pursue near the start of the game. Maybe you get a bad starting position or a good one. Perhaps you see your opponents are not going to make things easy so you decide on a different victory condition. Don't worry, because if you're not on the highest difficulty settings (where huge resource bonuses go to the computer-controlled opponents, but they remain incompetent) you aren't really committing yourself to anything. Eventually you either win or you figure out you can't catch back up. There is a lot of time required to get there but not much in the way of big-picture choice. After my first few playthroughs I tended to experiment with odd approaches, but soon discovered that certain computer-controlled opponents will figure out your strategy then stonewall you completely. They don't try to outsmart you. This point needs to be stressed: They don't try to out-think the human. The computer is never going to try to outmaneuver, just try to outrace you. This isn't chess. There's no brilliant A.I. controlling them. They won't try anything unexpected. They're just going to try to outbreed, out-expand, or outpace you. In the mean time, if you're not in each other's way they'll trade with you in the diplomatic system. This leads into a sore spot: the so-called diplomacy system. Yes, I have played older games that had no diplomatic options other than "declare war" or "sue for peace" but the number of requests that can be made of the computer is not the problem. The biggest gripe is that, even though there are a variety of victory conditions that can be used to declare victory, two players who want to pursue different victory conditions cannot agree to both win. Everything is treated like there's a single "first past the finish line" victory condition. You can put your choice of science points, culture points, diplomatic "world leader" votes, or territorial control into your gas tank. You're still driving on the same race track as everyone else. Unlike real history, where leaders in close competition would frequently divide the world in two with each other as allies, then agree to let each other pursue their own spheres of influence, you're eventually going to have to destroy everyone else's hope of existing as more than your client states. You can't let someone pursue a "Culture Victory" while you pursue another type of victory, then cooperate until both of you have won. Everything is strictly "I won first" with absolutely zero motivation for late-game cooperation. This means that, although the diplomacy system already leaves something to be desired, your staunchest allies will still wind up declaring war on you during the late-game. Even if you're a pacifist who sits in their original city, never expanding, openly sharing all of your resources, every computer-controlled player will eventually turn on you, no matter their own past histories. As the game goes on opponents begin passing numerical thresholds for how much of a threat you are, then decide to all ally against the player. Unlike real-world nations, which become allies or opponents because of competition with one-another or a far greater benefit in cooperating, this game's diplomatic system looks at how many times you've hurt them then penalizes your interactions based on a running score card of past incidents. This forces you to fall back on a rock-paper-scissors approach to coping with the computer-controlled opponents, who have an extremely binary approach to interactions with you. You're either their friend right now or you aren't. Each one has a number of foreign cities you're allowed to capture before they decide you're evil, causing them to cut off all friendly contact. Certainly a real-world Venice would never stand in the way of a Japanese space launch, but as soon as player-controlled Japan has a chance of winning through a "Science Victory" everyone else decides to cut off diplomatic contact. Some will even declare war despite there being no chance of them actually doing any damage (possibly because they're also on the wrong side of the world). Venice suddenly decides to cut off all diplomatic contact, but since you have no real conflict going on the won't object to you setting up an embassy that same turn. The computer has violated thousands of years of friendship. They're going to see you as an enemy for a while. Don't expect to renegotiate the treates they just broke even though those treaties were helping them more than you. For a game that claims to offer a wide variety of historical figures or states to play as, there is no real difference in the mindset shown by the computer. Opponents are always machiavellian, never idealistic. They have no personality. If you're playing a scenario based on the second World War, a computer-controlled America isn't ever going to liberate occupied Paris. Paris is an America puppet-state, now, with the French player totally eliminated from the game. The opponent assessed your threat to their desired victory condition, then when you became a real threat all of the computer-controlled factions from Greece to Brazil may as well have handed over control to the U.N. against you. Up until now, if you weren't competing they'd offer you favorable trade terms, but once you start succeeding, no matter how much the opponents hate each other, you are evil. Who cares how close you got over the prior three thousand years? They never became truly your allies. They're just rolling some dice against a number chart to figure out how they react to each overture from you. Another problem is the technology tree. Things are set up to mimic historical advancements as much as possible, even when historians know history kind of accidentally stumbled into something. History is filled with such inventions, which were accidentally found by someone (often someone who wasn't even a researcher). For example, certainly penicillin was a useful advance, but the only thing keeping penicillin from being deployed during the Renaissance was the fact that nobody had noticed that specific species of mold killed other growths. Anyone with a kitchen counter could have discovered penicillin. The only reason penicillin was deployed in the modern era was someone leaving a dish out on a counter overnight, then asking why one type of growth had killed the other. Like the Renaissance era discovery of sperm, there was no need to understand what germs were nor what chemistry was going on at a more fundamental scale. The discovery taking place in a laboratory in a specific year does not, scientifically, have to be a part of a discovery. Many technologies existed for a long time but failed to spread due to cultural, religious, or economic factors. (For a less famous example look online for how many people successfully devised pre-medieval proof that the round Earth orbited the sun.) A realistic tree with a hierarchy of needed concepts would have been nice, but instead the game re-creates European history. No regard is given to real-world existence of ancient Greek clockwork or medieval Chinese ocean-crossing vessels. This is a time-sink without enough real strategy.
game-hours: 260.5
review: It's very good. Until a patch comes out that completely ruins multiplayer. Oh wait, that happened. Not as though Firaxis will admit to it. Fix the game and I will change my review.
game-hours: 127.5
review: Pretty boring. Beginning era's are fun but only for a few miutes. Before you know it its zipped into modern times. All late game units look the same. Dull design. AI cheats. Lazy programming. Strange choices, such as you cant have a lumber mill in jungle or fish rivers. Any difficulty level from normal ramps up incredibly quickly. Ruins flow. It is strangely addictive though...like a scab you have to scratch. Plus points are that it works perfectly and I have never had a crash, glitch or save game problem.
game-hours: 6.0
review: really seemed overly simplified. the dlc's are all terrible, and pretty much the only differnce between factions now is a singular special unit (which is what most of the dlc's were). The hex system is okay, but not great, but overall your better off playing the old games, unless you really like casual gameplay. If you want a civ game to play go play galactic civ. Much better series of games. Overall with the ratings for this game being as high as they are im a bit horrified by the lack of relevent reviews this game recieved. It feels like a stripped down version of previous games with very little new improvements aside from the grid system (which you can only move one unit on a square at a time which many folks like myself hate). Overall this game is less then previous civ games in every way i can tell and gives you a civ aftertaste, but no substance to chew on.
game-hours: 1.9
review: If anyone here finds my brother at the airport could you please give me a ring, thanks.
game-hours: 8.4
review: It was really good.
game-hours: 61.8
review: Game in singleplayer is great... if not awesome (excluding stupid AI). Multiplay on the other hand is total garbage... While using simultaneous turns with units movement and attacking animations turned on game f... up the word "simultaneous" as camera runs to show you the movement of you allied friend. When those animations are turned off (totally kills the atmosphere of game) the game plays similiar to board game, which you could do yourself if you get a pen, scissors and some paper... Theres also no animations for faction leaders in diplomacy window... x_x also annoying stuff... But most crappy multiplay option is "auto-peace". If you almost destroy enemy units after a hard fight... NOPE AI says peace and runs away... If you want to enjoy it, then this game is only for single play really. If you want multiplay then go invite few friends over and play monopoly.
game-hours: 159.3
review: The Best RTS series ever made and one best game in the franchise. The best time waster. Pick it up on sale when you can, Brave New World is amazing. In fact, everything in Brave New World pushes towards the direction of having more interaction between civs, of broadening the context for strategic decision-making. For instance, caravans and cargo ships now ply the trade lanes between empires, generating gold and extra research for both civilizations. But thats not the only thing they carry: trade routes also spread religion between cities, and make each side of the trade relationship more susceptible to tourism influence. It lends an interesting dynamic to these exchanges: the gold generated might be more than offset by the way trade opens the door to religious and cultural influence and gives less technologically advanced civilizations a bonus to their research, helping them catch up to you. Things really heat up when the World Congress begins to meet and vote on global proposals. These proposals can confer bonuses or penalties on different civilizations: a standing-army tax can force militaristic civs to pay considerably more in upkeep, strangling their economy, while an arts-funding measure can increase the rate at which every civ generates Great Artists. Given the disparate ways these measures can help you or your rivals, the World Congress becomes the setting for increasingly high-stakes diplomacy.
game-hours: 18.2
review: Most fun I've had on a terribly optimized game since Alan Quake.
game-hours: 18.2
review: Most fun I've had on a terribly optimized game since Alan Quake.
game-hours: 65.9
review: Destroyed family 9.69 out of 10
game-hours: 21.0
review: The Game has less variety of options as the older versions. About Multiplayers IT SUCKS SO MUCH. I regret buying this game as I only bought it to play online against other players. cant play for 10mins without getting disconnected or frozen. And when you get disconnected you have to RESET THE WHOLE F GAME, you cant reconnect back even if you save the game and load it again. I was hoping for an update to fix but seems they arent intending to fix it.
game-hours: 87.9
review: How can you charge this amount for a game that isn't even stable after 5 years?
game-hours: 41.1
review: The multiplayer is almost completely broken. It's a shame, because it's not really a bad game, when it works. But even when the host and all players have beastly computers and high-speed internet, it still lags, hangs, freezes and just generally doesn't work. I would go so far as to say that I have spent more time waiting for this game to unfreeze, or replaying turns that were lost, then I have actually played it and making progress. It is very nearly unplayable, and from a person who played 300 hours of TF2 at ~15 FPS years ago on my old PC, that is saying A LOT. I also personally think it's a bit too overpriced. As of posting this, it's $50 for the complete edition, which sounds like a good deal (wow, it includes ~$80 worth of DLC!) it really isn't because the DLC isn't worth anywhere near the price it is in the first place. Even the large expansion packs don't add much besides new Civs and new maps (of which you can get more than enough of for FREE with the workshop). The gameplay changes they do bring, while nice, are not nearly significant enough to justify their pricetag. Now, the game itself is loads of fun, and very much worth playing, especially if you're only interested in the singleplayer. It's very easy to get sucked up into a game for hours and hours without even realizing it - trust me, I've done it. But even if you are willing to put up with its faults, I just don't think you should support developers who constantly pump out DLC and new games without even bothering to fix problems with their old stuff. Just because the franchise or developer is beloved, doesn't mean it should be excused, so ultimately I would say don't buy it. Play it, sure, but don't buy it.
game-hours: 181.6
review: You will lose at least a week of your life playing this. One game takes about 2-8 hours depending on how you set it up. Its fun, in a way i can't explain. Just try it out and be sure to get the DLCs as they make the game better.
game-hours: 10.8
review: pls this gaem is amazing, if u dun liek it, u gtfo ok?
game-hours: 30.4
review: someone wanted my borders to open so i took all of their cities
game-hours: 56.6
review: 8.0/10
game-hours: 36.9
review: This game can make you go on for hours. I never played civ series before but I have played some other several turn base strategy with management with cities,resources and other things. It may not be complex. The game is quite simple in both gameplay and understanding. Although it may not be complex it still is fun to play with. Either for casual or hardcore strategy gamers. If you do not like to spend hours, bored from the repititives or any other reasons that you may be disliking this game.. I will tell you to give this a try. You might change your opinion.
game-hours: 0.3
review: Good game once you get into it but if you are new to civ i suggest that you play tutorial mode for a bit because unless you know what you are doing the game is quite complicated.
game-hours: 74.5
review: A fun little game that could be played for hours and hours. Ruins sleeping schedules
game-hours: 103.1
review: it is awesome need I say more?
game-hours: 312.5
review: This is a phenomenal game for any ability. When I first started I wasn't the greatest and now I have progressed and am alright. It is an incredible single playe game and is equally as good multiplayer seriously recommend this but it's nowhere near as good without BNW.
game-hours: 581.3
review: BNW
game-hours: 12.4
review: You all need to check out this website to get either Civ 5 or Mafia 2 for free,
game-hours: 33.1
review: Amazing game, never can get bored of it.
game-hours: 87.8
review: this is an amazing game
game-hours: 644.0
review: Almost 500 hours of gameplay...'nuff said.
game-hours: 134.3
review: its great if u love strat and a heavier board game
game-hours: 1217.3
review: Best strategy game ever! Depth but still not really hard to learn.
game-hours: 87.8
review: this is an amazing game
game-hours: 217.1
review: AMAZING game never gets old.
game-hours: 67.1
review: This game is a masterpiece. Civilization V is just a great game which includes many great historical civilizations and their armies. This game is really strategic. Anyone playing with friends will have a really good time.
game-hours: 187.7
review: This was the GOTY of 2010. The game that I got banned on the Something Awful forums for saying I liked. My dedication to this game is real. Games is the worst forum. Buy Civ 5. It is perfection.
game-hours: 6.9
review: I really Like it
game-hours: 32.8
review: Great game! Graphics are like crysis 1-2, but it gets the job done. And the gameplay is amazing, unique parkour combat with cool upgrades and weapons. Best of all, it doesnt force you to buy stuff with real world money, so you can enjoy it for free.
game-hours: 306.4
review: This game is addicting, much better than previous installments. THe game is also much better if you have the Gods & KIngs DLC, but without the LC the games combat isnt very realistic and the game itself is fairly dull
game-hours: 5.5
review: A very entertaining turn based game
game-hours: 75.4
review: I love this game with a passion. I have had so many great experiences in this game
game-hours: 48.1
review: A great gae of estrategy, kinda slow, but pretty good, if you like the strategy games of turns, and mltiplayer, then u should buy it, and if ur friends already have it, even better, as its a bit boring playing in solo If you play it online, play it without the animations of battle and movement, it will be a lot faster and less clumsy
game-hours: 323.8
review: Best Game!
game-hours: 188.8
review: AMAZING!! Civ 5 requires you to think strategically and lightning fast reflexes won't help when you're in a world war. Its all in the mind
game-hours: 126.5
review: This was one of the first PC games I ever bought and I was strongly encouraged to buy it by my mates. At first, I wasn't sure that I would like this game, however, I have been completely won over buy it and really enjoy it now. The tactics are great and the best thing about this game is the variety, as, not only are there 5 ways to win, but there are so many different ways to win within those categories. Almost every game will be different, and for this reason I will continue to play this game and have fun. There are also many more map types to explore and 2 dlc packs which I cannot wait to buy.
game-hours: 29.3
review: CUWL GAME
game-hours: 180.8
review: Dont. Trust. Anyone.
game-hours: 34.4
review: China took over my land. 10/10
game-hours: 296.3
review: Only slightly addictive.
game-hours: 55.2
review: Good times!
game-hours: 189.2
review: "What do you mean its 6am?" it devours time.
game-hours: 120.1
review: Awesome
game-hours: 162.1
review: mah gosh!!!
game-hours: 228.8
review: Best strategy game so far in my opinion, even more so than C&C Generals and good lord was I a fan of that game. Just get this and enjoy the hell out of it. DLC is actually game-changing rather than just being something they should have put in an update (looking at you, EA). I thought Gods + Kings DLC was critical, then I got Brave New World. Seriously, without them you're missing half the experience of the game. The other DLC's great, too, but not quite on the same level of game-changing - they're more the kind of things to enhance your gameplay experience. For example: Carthage are a pretty memorable Civilisation to play against. In terms of Brave New World, Venice is seriously underrated. They are economic giants and, if you play it with a good strategy, can be serious contenders. Having powerful allies is key with this expansion, and when coupled with Gods + Kings the faith aspect can prove challenging. Trade routes need some risk assessment to them - go further for more income but more risk, or closer with less income and less risk? You can always defend the routes, but the units require maintenance to keep them going which increases later in the game. Every turn counts in this astonishing alternate history turn-based strategy. I got the Gold Edition on offer as well as Brave New World a few months later when that was on sale and I regret nothing. If I had to give this game a rating, it would be 8/10. It drops 2 because, while it's an almost perfect game, there some game-breaking bugs (particularly online - such as one where not being the host means that you are unable to request a declaration of friendship with almost all Civilisations) and the AI is too biased when it comes to diplomatic trading. Despite this, I have spent several hundreds of hours on this game and it's still just as exciting and new as ever before. Civilization V never gets old, one of those rare memorable games that stick in your head forever. Sid Meier, I thank you.
game-hours: 261.9
review: This is a turn based strategy game with very nice graphics. Its very intense at times. If you enjoy strategy games that you can dump 6 hours into and not even feel it, you will love civ 5. The DLC's for this game make it feel complete, Gods and kings is what brings the religion as well as espionage, back into the civilization series; which fits very nicely into this game. Brave New World is very fun; It adds alot to the game ( Trade routes, New Civs, New policy system). Out of all my hours ive never seen any bad that takes value away from the game. However, The base game alone will not have as much depth as if you had Gold edition or BNW. I highly recommend this to anyone who likes strategy games.
game-hours: 93.9
review: This game is really fun to build death robots and send them on missions to capture your friends and make them your hostage(slave/). I also like how
game-hours: 67.1
review: This game is a masterpiece. Civilization V is just a great game which includes many great historical civilizations and their armies. This game is really strategic. Anyone playing with friends will have a really good time.
game-hours: 187.7
review: This was the GOTY of 2010. The game that I got banned on the Something Awful forums for saying I liked. My dedication to this game is real. Games is the worst forum. Buy Civ 5. It is perfection.
game-hours: 383.7
review: play
game-hours: 155.2
review: this game is a bag of dickks
game-hours: 61.7
review: Digital crack. Plain and simple.
game-hours: 56.5
review: This game turned me from an unrully chap to the most civilized dude in all of the Northern Territiries. Highly recommended if you enjoy brewing shrooms in your morning tea.
game-hours: 306.1
review: one of the best games i've ever played, 150+ hours of fun and it keeps on giving. The two expansion packs are amazing and i haven't even tried all the dlc's yet! You NEED to buy this game now!!!!!
game-hours: 175.2
review: I have been a long time fan of the Civilization series, and this game manages to retain the original style and idea of the series while improving on the game's design. It is a beautiful game and would recommend it to anybody who doesn't mind using their brain a little bit.
game-hours: 228.8
review: Best strategy game so far in my opinion, even more so than C&C Generals and good lord was I a fan of that game. Just get this and enjoy the hell out of it. DLC is actually game-changing rather than just being something they should have put in an update (looking at you, EA). I thought Gods + Kings DLC was critical, then I got Brave New World. Seriously, without them you're missing half the experience of the game. The other DLC's great, too, but not quite on the same level of game-changing - they're more the kind of things to enhance your gameplay experience. For example: Carthage are a pretty memorable Civilisation to play against. In terms of Brave New World, Venice is seriously underrated. They are economic giants and, if you play it with a good strategy, can be serious contenders. Having powerful allies is key with this expansion, and when coupled with Gods + Kings the faith aspect can prove challenging. Trade routes need some risk assessment to them - go further for more income but more risk, or closer with less income and less risk? You can always defend the routes, but the units require maintenance to keep them going which increases later in the game. Every turn counts in this astonishing alternate history turn-based strategy. I got the Gold Edition on offer as well as Brave New World a few months later when that was on sale and I regret nothing. If I had to give this game a rating, it would be 8/10. It drops 2 because, while it's an almost perfect game, there some game-breaking bugs (particularly online - such as one where not being the host means that you are unable to request a declaration of friendship with almost all Civilisations) and the AI is too biased when it comes to diplomatic trading. Despite this, I have spent several hundreds of hours on this game and it's still just as exciting and new as ever before. Civilization V never gets old, one of those rare memorable games that stick in your head forever. Sid Meier, I thank you.
game-hours: 162.1
review: mah gosh!!!
game-hours: 2.3
review: Worst game I have ever bought, trust me!
game-hours: 249.6
review: Great addition to one of the best video game franchises ever.
game-hours: 158.2
review: somebody please help i can't stop clicking the next turn button
game-hours: 33.1
review: Amazing game, never can get bored of it.
game-hours: 108.6
review: Best game since the first Pong. Never gets boring c:
game-hours: 312.5
review: This is a phenomenal game for any ability. When I first started I wasn't the greatest and now I have progressed and am alright. It is an incredible single playe game and is equally as good multiplayer seriously recommend this but it's nowhere near as good without BNW.
game-hours: 53.7
review: Great game, hours of fun to be had. Hours of tactical and banterous fun to be had!
game-hours: 183.1
review: This game is awsome.... with DLC. Its not as fun without it and having more civ to play with is always better
game-hours: 75.1
review: This game will bring you hours of fun with your friends.
game-hours: 120.1
review: Awesome
game-hours: 438.6
review: I'd Reccomend it Anyday!!!
game-hours: 252.9
review: Very fun, immersive, and addictive game. I highly recommend it.
game-hours: 261.9
review: This is a turn based strategy game with very nice graphics. Its very intense at times. If you enjoy strategy games that you can dump 6 hours into and not even feel it, you will love civ 5. The DLC's for this game make it feel complete, Gods and kings is what brings the religion as well as espionage, back into the civilization series; which fits very nicely into this game. Brave New World is very fun; It adds alot to the game ( Trade routes, New Civs, New policy system). Out of all my hours ive never seen any bad that takes value away from the game. However, The base game alone will not have as much depth as if you had Gold edition or BNW. I highly recommend this to anyone who likes strategy games.
game-hours: 93.9
review: This game is really fun to build death robots and send them on missions to capture your friends and make them your hostage(slave/). I also like how
game-hours: 644.0
review: Almost 500 hours of gameplay...'nuff said.
game-hours: 100.2
review: Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in! 10/10
game-hours: 184.4
review: Ghandi NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 65.3
review: One of the best games I've played in a long time. Definately reccomended.
game-hours: 3450.5
review: The Best Game You Will Ever Play!!! Atleast Until Civ 6 Comes Out Lol!!!!
game-hours: 51.5
review: .
game-hours: 265.6
review: EVERYONE should try this game out! HOURS of fun!
game-hours: 114.0
review: Do you love some realistic RTS? Buy this!
game-hours: 88.0
review: Brilliant but multiplayer could do with some patching.
game-hours: 301.3
review: A Turn based Flagship game, countless civilizations to play with and this was the Game of the Year Edition so you get extra packs in it, best of all its under $15 bucks this summer. So there is no reason for you to not get this deal now cuz its the best you'll find anywhere. Get Set and be ready to re write Earth's History !!
game-hours: 383.7
review: play
game-hours: 212.3
review: Great strategy game on it's own. Awesome with the Gods & Kings expansion.
game-hours: 84.6
review: this game is better than sex
game-hours: 41.9
review: Such a good game. Very addicting. BUY IT NOW!
game-hours: 494.7
review: This is the greatest game I've ever played! I love it! I have over 200 hours logged into this game! From the war to the peace! It is my favorite game of all time!
game-hours: 74.2
review: The fact that this game involves history, evolution, diplomacy, and so much more is stunning.This game is absolutley fantastic.I reccomend this game to those of you that enjoy adventure.Geronimo.
game-hours: 794.0
review: Definitely recommend, especially if you play it with mods. Making history has never been more fun!
game-hours: 99.5
review: Awesome:)
game-hours: 79.6
review: good one, mmmkay ?
game-hours: 15.8
review: Amazing
game-hours: 38.4
review: great game i loved it so much i do recommend this game
game-hours: 61.7
review: Digital crack. Plain and simple.
game-hours: 119.4
review: GG
game-hours: 233.2
review: BUY IT SOOO GOOD
game-hours: 533.0
review: Civilization V is the height of good strategy games.
game-hours: 458.2
review: great game
game-hours: 248.5
review: best game ever
game-hours: 27.2
review: I've been playing Civilization games since the first one came out, thanks to my older brother being into such games when I was younger. This version is very good and enjoyable. Unfortunately I don't play it as often as I'd like to because I get so sucked into it and need to finish and play it in a day or two. There are so many different countries that you can choose to play as. Throughout the game you need to build up armies, cities, culture, and more throughout the game play. You need to make your citizens happy, gain money through production, and work on owning various wonders to complete the game or win it. You intereact with other cultures/countries in the process. It is fun. I will always recommend it to people to play. I think it is very educational too. I hope my sons can play it or at least future versions of it when they are older and can understand it better.
game-hours: 45.3
review: Ghandi nuked the world...and I neve invented the wheel.
game-hours: 180.3
review: Easily the best turn based strategy game line ever made.
game-hours: 64.6
review: Best real life simulator of our time, intreresting how it was released in 1939, gaben was also born in 1939. i r8 this 8/8 - R8GN
game-hours: 12.7
review: It's like Skyrim but without guns.
game-hours: 180.9
review: Best strategy game in years, probably will keep up with Beyond Earth for a good long while thanks to its immersive gameplay. Awesome! XD
game-hours: 54.9
review: one of the best games ive ever played
game-hours: 51.4
review: Good Game. Good Fun.
game-hours: 115.4
review: AWESOME !!! BUY IT NOW '!
game-hours: 175.5
review: I gave up my social life and sleep for this game. Worth it.
game-hours: 19.9
review: .
game-hours: 146.0
review: Many find it Civy, but I find it Lizationy
game-hours: 36.9
review: I once touched the butt of a 36 year old woman on a metropolitan subway headed to work on a monday morning. It was dark, gloomy infact; reminesant of most fall days when the trees wither off and the once happy plants die to live another day. The sun was just peaking over the horizon of the city scape and i could see the last remainders of a nights rest going to waste as the work ethic would pick back up again right where it left off. She was good looking, didnt look a day past 24. Nice glasses and a  that even your mom wouldnt mind talking about. This one, was the one. Now of coarse i couldnt just get up and walts over there like a sailor on the sea deck preparing to finally come home. I had to find a way to blend it, and not raise any alarms of the fellow dweary eyes around me. Finess my way to the perfect platter that was awaiting my hungry arrival.... blah blah buy this game im tired of writing.
game-hours: 29.5
review: WHY DOES THIS GAME TAKE SO LONG TO DO THINGS, IT IS JUST A MAP
game-hours: 238.9
review: Awesome game, It is definitely my favorite game ever.
game-hours: 954.3
review: i love civilization 5 its the best game ive ever played!!! ive played this game for 527 hours its so addicting i very deeply recommend this game to every one who likes strategy games
game-hours: 458.5
review: So fun holy
game-hours: 232.1
review: build great library and win game
game-hours: 26.4
review: Was worried it'd be too complex to play, but its magnificently streamlined.. Also I can run it on a 2.20ghz 4gb ram Intel integrated graphics (4500mhd) laptop smooth enough to actually be enjoyable.. Plus any game that allows me to create a religion called Bill Nyehilism is top notch, no questions asked!
game-hours: 25.3
review: An excelent turn based strategy game however the multiplayer can be quite buggy at times. The DLCs are a good idea expecially Brave New World which adds just as much as the base game.
game-hours: 23.8
review: sweet
game-hours: 50.8
review: BES EN GAME EVER
game-hours: 129.7
review: I built a spaceship and made Greece poor... poorer than usual
game-hours: 68.6
review: potatoes
game-hours: 18.4
review: ya Civ V
game-hours: 699.7
review: Best strategy game I've played. Tons of replayability trying to get different victories with different leaders with different strats. Multiplayer is really intense when there is multiple superpowers and not just yourself in a singleplayer game. IF you have a bunch of friends to play with you will have a blast in MP. It will kill friendships though if you beat them to a wonder or have total tourism influence over them with opposing ideologies.
game-hours: 5.3
review: gud but slow game
game-hours: 6.5
review: This game is dog S H I T Way too ez
game-hours: 47.0
review: I like all the civizations game but now they linked with steam and its busy and can not play civ 5. so why play it. bad idea to put with steam. May not buy any more games that are linked to steam account
game-hours: 61.0
review: This game is like cocaine.
game-hours: 413.7
review: yeah
game-hours: 91.1
review: This is one of the most fun games I have ever played, BUT I CAN NOT RECCOMEND IT UNTIL 2K AND THE MAC OS PORTING TEAM FIX MULTIPLAYER AND SUDDEN CRASHING.
game-hours: 96.6
review: this is real laggi and sheet. bi ths fukin game asshol
game-hours: 73.4
review: dope af
game-hours: 195.2
review: Sid meier's Civilization v eh? Good FOR SOME PEOPLE WHO ARE ACTUALLY GOOD AT STRATEGY GAMES,also if you are looking for pure strategy,Goodbye. pls add Guitarstickhero and tell him he is a little  for not 1v1ing me cuz he is a ing lose r and he knows he would lose ing . 9.5/10 -No one can beat me.
game-hours: 26.7
review: From all the strategy games i have played, I find this one the least interesting and playable. It takes more than 4 hours to finish a single match. People way dont have that time in their hands! Game often laggs, you need more than 20min to find a server and people usually leave in the middle of a game. You also get frequently disconnected for no reason at all. I still dont get it how does this game have so many positive reviews. Skin game is a joke, so you MUST buy very expensive DLCs otherwise you wont be able to play it in multiplayer mode.
game-hours: 200.9
review: I'ts fun at first but it gets old really fast and it requires a lot of patience and time that I don't have.
game-hours: 306.7
review: this game is probably the best game for strategy that ive seen in a long time
game-hours: 28.9
review: I recommend you to stay away from this addictive game. Want to be a time traveler? Try this game, and skip your boring life forever! This is a "MUST OWN GAME". Don't ever try this game, if you still love your time and life. Score : 9/10
game-hours: 16.5
review: ghandi can go and inhale a ten foot long
game-hours: 0.5
review: notmyteacup
game-hours: 1.1
review: This game right here is probably the worst game that I've purchased during the Winter sale on steam. This is nothing more than a "NEXT Turn" spam game with hardly any strategy. I will admit this is a very polished game (video and audio) but the content for me isn't compelling. If you enjoy these types of games, I'd recommend Total War series. And yes I have more than 1.1 hours. I play Steam in "offline mode"
game-hours: 122.0
review: So much about this game is beautiful and well done, but it is missing something. Also, the little bits of stuff added here and there, they do actually not much at all, it's mainly just for show. Pretty game, ultimately boring gameplay - after a while.
game-hours: 135.7
review: Long time Civ fan, since the first game, all the way to new via Colonization, Alpha Centauri, etc. Civ IV with Rise of Mankind mod is still far superior. Sadly, even with the expansions this is a much thinner experience, feels watered down. Multiplayer is OK but doesn't make up for the lack of depth.
game-hours: 1.0
review: this game is horible it wont work on windows 7
game-hours: 86.1
review: 10/10 would civilize again.
game-hours: 36.2
review: It was alright for the first 20 minutes, then it went down hill. Fast. I really tried to get into it. I really did. My main issue was that none of the civilizations want to trade anything unless they are getting an amazing deal. I tried trading horses and the other country wanted my iron, gold and a city. I was hoping that the Civ devs would have fixed a lot of these issues. Seemed to cause more. I wouldnt even give this game to someone I didnt like. Thank god I got it on sale.
game-hours: 86.6
review: i7 quad core, 16GB RAM, crossfire dual grpahics card. no performance, freeze, kernel freeze. this is garbage
game-hours: 45.9
review: As my 45 hour playtime will attest, I really gave this game a shot. I really tried my best, but those who play this game will also know about how many games that means I played. In that time- nearly TWO DAYS of playtime- I played about two and a half games. If I played with harder AI or more of them, god knows how much longer it could have taken me. But after those games I feel as if Ive seen all that Civ V plus Gods and Kings plus Brave New World could offer me. And it was disarmingly little. I played one game with mods and one without, and they felt pretty much the same- waiting for buckets to fill up. Unless I was at war, in which case it was waiting for traffic to decongest. Only settling new cities gave me a sense of my empire really building and growing, and after a brief spasm of cool, it was back to waiting for the bars to fill up again. I think I honestly had more fun playing Cookie Clicker, at least that could run undisturbed in another tab. The people who like this game like it for legitimate reasons, I am sure (although upon my perusal of the die-hards blogs, it seems they didnt like the game much- the hexagonal one-unit-per-space combat leads to more congestion than it does strategizing, among other issues) but I question how long I must take and how dedicated I must become to reap the rewards nestled within a board game on my computer. I had this running mostly while I did chores, coming back to take my turn once a minute. There were few enough interesting choices there- how many more hours would I have to invest? How many more days of my life gone to this game? How many books left unread? How many experiences with friends thrown away in favor of a game that left me feeling frustrated and bored more than excited? I cannot recommend this game because I rarely enjoyed it, the games take far too long, and the opportunity costs involved could turn one into a serious basement dweller. I do not intend to ever install this game, or any in its series, again.
game-hours: 458.7
review: uhhhhhThe Flagship Turn-Based Strategy Game Returns Become Ruler of the World by establishing and leading a civilization from the dawn of man into the space age: Wage war, conduct diplomacy, discover new technologies, go head-to-head with some of historys greatest leaders and build the most powerful empire the world has ever known.
game-hours: 214.4
review: Great in almost every way. Except if you play with AI in teams, the AI can declare war for the entire team, or make peace for the entire team, at any time. It makes conquest victory impossible, and utterly pointless. As such an entire mode of the game is pretty much unplayable. Those of you who've played it will recognize that this was never a problem in Civ 4. Until they fix it, don't play.
game-hours: 75.9
review: All I'm gonna say is that I spent 8 hours on the DEMO the first day that I got it. I think you should get it.
game-hours: 676.3
review: It is a great game
game-hours: 121.8
review: Fun game, even better at 75% off, not worth the full price though, good as it is. But then again, no game is worth more than 10, if you pay more than that you're a mug, I'd say.
game-hours: 11.0
review: Actually a hard game at first. Kind of confusing at the begining. Im still in training with this game. But overall good game 7.5 out of 10
game-hours: 61.9
review: get it
game-hours: 7.4
review: Recommended
game-hours: 64.8
review: I like this game. So should you.
game-hours: 258.0
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V
game-hours: 24.2
review: SidMeier's Civilization V is an ok game. Fun to play with friends overall but gets boring after a little while. I do recommend this game to you if you like puzzel and history games. Other than that its an ok game.
game-hours: 112.0
review: I know how will make the this  game hard by letting all the AI cheat! don't buy this peice of  game it sucks balls and wssn't worht the ing time!
game-hours: 16.4
review: .
game-hours: 156.1
review: Multiplayer does not working- I'm using a mac and mutiplayer is always disabled/crashes
game-hours: 0.4
review: bad borin
game-hours: 285.8
review: Tried so many times to enjoy this game, couldn't. Back to playing Civ IV
game-hours: 47.4
review: This game WAS good untill the commpany that made this decided " you know what beond earth isnt sell to well (wonder why) so lets put a load of bugs into this game so people will buy the next one or a tiny over priced dlc ITS A BRILLIANT PLAN. People WILL LOVE IT". Well done lads youve stooped lower than EA.
game-hours: 69.2
review: asd
game-hours: 167.2
review: Civ is amazing,....
game-hours: 101.5
review: Civ 5 no let me sleep.
game-hours: 11.7
review: otimo rts
game-hours: 82.8
review: You can't go wrong with a Civ game. Civ V tries a few things different from the ealier games such as hex-based gameplay and city states. Great strategy game now with Steamworks (achievements and cloud), but they've also turned a lot of the civilizations into DLCs.
game-hours: 379.6
review: Lel XD
game-hours: 50.7
review: Thoroughly enjoyable play, nice graphics, however somewhat infuriating. It is very daft to not have an auto-save feature, perhaps save the last ten moves automatically then you could still go back, if necessary, ten moves or back to the full save. This feature would not be so crucial except that the Linux version of the game frequently crashes saving no progress; a simple request for an internet account password or even tabbing between applications causes complete meltdown. I would recommend if above issues were rectified.
game-hours: 225.5
review: game by  for scum
game-hours: 0.3
review: WITHOUT BRAVE NEW WORLD THIS GAME SUCKS  I WANT MY MADOKA BACK
game-hours: 58.8
review: This guy called Ghandi... NEVER EVER NEVER LET HIM GET THE NUKES NEVER
game-hours: 15.6
review: Convienient that the game worked on the free weekend, however when i buy it multiplayer is buggy and unplayable! Great game when it works, however in it's current unplayable state (multiplayer) the game isnt worth buying if you want to play with friends :( Been this way for weeks and no patch! Only rating negative, because IMO the game just isn't worth buying at this stage.
game-hours: 51.2
review: Best Strategy Game with the Best AI ever at least for our 80s,90s Generation, and the newest DLC Brave New World is fantastic with the new faith and tourism features which adds up alot on how to build your civilization and how other civilization reacts with you 10/10 as an overall game , i would totally recommend it and i also recommend to buy the game with both the gods and kings and Brave New World DLC.
game-hours: 59.2
review: Yes the "stacks of doom" in Civ 4 were ridiculous and needed to be cut down, but Firaxis decided from one extreme to the other. On the scale of Civ 5, the no-stacking rule makes combat kldugy and artificial. There many other over-reactions, such going to free roads to 1 gold/turn maintenance, and having most city buildings cost money to maintain as well. I read an artidle in which a developer said that they going to try to do almost everything differently in Civ 5. They certainly succeeded. But point was supposed to be not to just change it, but make it better. There, they failed.
game-hours: 313.2
review: the vanilla game is , the expansions make it semi-playable, the computer AI is a joke, and the only game worth murdering the developers more is the waste of money civ 6
game-hours: 53.7
review: Failed to work
game-hours: 29.7
review: Do not ing buy this ! I keeps on crashing and you can't play the game! Fuuuuuuuuuuuu!! So annoyed!
game-hours: 107.5
review: Waste of money
game-hours: 613.4
review: This could have been an excellent game, but bugs and poor AI make it boring after a couple of games.
game-hours: 96.0
review: gam gud i lik't it 14/3= VERY GOOD it get 57/32 rujin lif
game-hours: 52.1
review: As boring as games get.
game-hours: 1584.9
review: This game doesn't load 100% of the time. It worked fine when it was released in 2010, but now it is rilled with so many error, bugs, and malfunctions that it will drive you to frustration. DO NOT RECOMMEND!
game-hours: 6.6
review: This UI sucks my nut. If you play this game you will never score with a chick.
game-hours: 0.5
review: It's turn based, I feel like they should advertise that more. Worst game I have ever downloaded or paid for. would like a refund but I don't think steam would let that.
game-hours: 5.9
review: A straightforward game at first but it quickly spirals into something where you don't know what things do or why you would do them. Too many things are not explained in the game and are unclear. For example, the "Road" icon (for building roads) tells you that connecting cities will greatly increase your gold income. But once you build roads connecting cities, it is not clear how that helps you get more gold. As far as I can tell it allows your people to move faster between cities, but that is it. So how do you make more gold cause you have roads now? The answer is there somewhere but who knows. The game tells you it does one thing but fails to give any clue how to do it once you build the roads. Another similar thing, city-states (AI-controlled nearby cities) will say things like "If you build a trade route between our cities (in other words connect them with roads) then we will both prosper!" So you build roads between them and nothing happens. Internet searches reveal to me that you gain nothing from building roads except to keep in favor with the city-state. What a waste of time and gold. Stuff like this made the game very boring after a few hours. I regret purchasing it.
game-hours: 97.9
review: Unfortunatly, the programmers of this game are not that good... The game crashes in every LAN I have been to. (also done Civ4, same thing) Not impressed by the Brave New World patch either. Added lots of junk that doesnt lead to a victory condition and made 2 victory conditions impracticle at a LAN party.
game-hours: 129.8
review: With 130 hours on record I can confidently say that after the itch was scratched, I was left feeling a little raw. While the 'just one more turn' addiction factor is still as strong as ever, I was left less than enthusastic to start each new game. While I applaud the move to a hex-based map, the unit density and combat rules make warfare a logistical nightmare for all the wrong reasons. Your own units will impede your strategy as much as the opponent's, if only due to the bizarrely short movement distances allowed them. Again, moving to the hex-system was a step in the right direction -- giving only lip-service to the change was a huge downfall. An easy balance fix would be just let units stack again, maybe with only the 'top' unit allowed to fight. Another could be to double line of sight and movement points for all units, allowing you and the (pitiful) AI the means to arrange your own portion of the battlefield in a sensible manner. The graphics and visual design are gorgeous, and make for stunning screenshots. But even with the settings at modest levels, my machine still stuttered for up to a minute with each new diplomatic introduction -- I might have explored the diplomatic victory if it weren't for this fact. Each trade was an agonizing exercise in patience as I waited for the game to start whatever engine runs the Leader 'cutscenes'. And even with the diplomacy screen issues aside, games on maps of any size tended to slow down over time -- the more fog of war gets pushed back, the worse it got. Lastly, the AI is terrible. Keeps its entire army attatched to random cities, simply cannot handle shuffling its own units around the hex-grid, and is SLOW SLOW SLOW. I probably gained 10 lbs playing this game because I had to start bringing snacks to eat while I waited for the computer to finish its turn. If you've got the beefiest of beefy machines and don't mind letting the computer cheat like a one-legged conman turned loose at a senior's poker night... Then by all means, I recommend Civilization V. If you're a UI designer or graphic artist... I recommend Civilization V. If you're anyone else... *shrug*
game-hours: 385.3
review: Mulitplayer broken in the last patch. Nothing has been done about it for months!
game-hours: 3967.6
review: The more you win the more you loose....stupid!
game-hours: 295.5
review: How did you  up multiplayer?
game-hours: 17.6
review: Does not start on my linux system, just a frozen window no content. No solution found so far.
game-hours: 201.7
review: The game is great for multiplayer and singleplayer. There are numerous difficulty settings for all types of players and they provide a great way to improve. Playing multiplayer with friends is incredible and I would highly reccomend it. Also, the expansions are well worth the money. Plus, there are a ton of civs to play as and many different playstyles so it is different every time. Great game.
game-hours: 79.7
review: Huge time sink.
game-hours: 206.1
review: On Mac OS this "game" is an embarrassment to play. The lack and 3 fps makes when you enter "modern era" makes this game unplayable. No worries, my friends play Civ4 anyway. Simply because it more fun to play. Remember fun?
game-hours: 44.7
review: Empty.
game-hours: 3.1
review: everyones reviwes are good but im finding this game really boaring, idk if its beacuse i only played 3 hours but its just a bad birds eyes viwe with slow moving people and i destroyed this guys city but dosnt get destroyed / taken over. it just stays alive. :/ idk if im doing somthing wrong. but like i said, i have only played like 3 hours.
game-hours: 1.1
review: - Boring - Confusing for new players - made me fall asleep
game-hours: 201.4
review: its brilliant
game-hours: 91.9
review: It's ok. 11/10 - IGN
game-hours: 38.3
review: THIS GAME IS REALLY BAD. I was playing a game with my friend and i went off he stayed on, so AI took my place. i came back on a bit later and the AI had completely ruined my empire they killed 5 of my troops (im not good at the game so i only have like 6 or 7 so they where kinda a big deal to me) and they had spent all my gold and made a new city. and i know this game is about progression but u like to do it slowly and take my time even if im still in the medival era and every one else is in the atomic era (the second to last era) thats how i roll. so to all you people reading i DO NOT recomend this game unless they get a better AI system or they bring out a new game whitch would be better than this one. other than the really bad AI i dont have anything bad to say the graphics are amazing and the gameplay is smooth (unless AI have screwed you over) (i am very sorry if i spelt anything wrong in this review im not really that good and often add extra letters thx)
game-hours: 12.2
review: I bought it cause it looks cool, I installed it, I started it, it crashed after the intro I try now 2 hours to fix it but it keeps crashing as long it's not fixed I guess it's a thumb down.
game-hours: 7.1
review: i also regret buying this pos game
game-hours: 114.8
review: DO NOT buy this game if you want to play multiplayer. Multiplayer is broken and each turn lags for 15 secs to 4 mins.
game-hours: 87.2
review: 7.8/10 ~ Lost my civ to water barbarians. Too much water Water is OP remove it
game-hours: 24.4
review: I went to nuclear war with peace through peace Gandi. 11/10
game-hours: 19.6
review: you Sid Meier you stupid asshat and your $30 DLCs
game-hours: 5.2
review: 0 out of a million I have to pay money to play sweden
game-hours: 12.1
review: I start the game through steam and it brings up the box to choose the dierctx 9 or 10&11. then it does nothing. no game, no screen, no error message, nothing at all. I could have not bought the game and still got the same result.
game-hours: 15.7
review: Crashes all the time
game-hours: 30.4
review: I have never loved a game so much i my life.... well. that a bit too much. BUT THIS GAME IS AMAZING! its a must have for anyone who likes any syle of gameplay!
game-hours: 79.8
review: It's a good game, just not a good Civilization game. The AI is flat out stupid, diplomacy is close to non-existant, the one-unit-per-tile system isn't working (or only working in the player's favour, as the AI's just too stupid to handle it). Interface and controls have gone WORSE since the predecessor, and it's a huge pita to handle larger armies - therefore, combat just isn't fun, and if that's what you're looking for, i'd really stay away from it. It's a builders game and good at it. If you enjoy peaceful build-up, it's decent. But don't go into the hassle to form a large empire - because of the way the game works, it's incredible boring and very time consuming to always have everything under control. I'd recommend it for every casual player who doesn't give a damn about deep strategy, as it's fun and easy to get into, far less punishing than the other games of the series. It's like Diablo 3 compared to Diablo 2, a good game on it's own but not worthy of the name. If you're looking for a good strategy game, Civ4 is still (by far) the better game, especially if you're looking for a Civilization game. Civ5 is a disappointment for every true fan of the series, even though it's a good game on it's own. But with this name, this just isn't enough.
game-hours: 139.9
review: Let me start by saying, I LOVE this game. But multiplayer is broken with latest patch. It took them 6 years to fix an obvious bug (The trade exploit), and they are only fixing that because the new DLC for Civ 5 isn't selling as well as hoped (Beyond Earth). So I fear how long it will take them to fix this. Fix multiplayer. Reconnects every 2(approx) turns.
game-hours: 148.5
review: Online is awful. Love the game but im giving a bad review until you fix the multiplayer. Seriously ruins the game
game-hours: 39.9
review: as it turns out if you buy the base game you are only buying 1/4th of it. the rest is included in DLC...
game-hours: 36.0
review: Can't recommend this over Civ 4 - its dumbed down and pretty mediocre. The add-ons bring back the complexity of Civ 4, but why should you have to pay another 60 bucks to restore functionality you've already got (assuming you own civ 4)?
game-hours: 1456.6
review: After waiting 3 years buying every single dlc more than 120 of an investment those are the words that define this game. Limited and Insulting. Limited? why? oversimplification on the altar of accessibility, sacrificing gameplay deepness. You actually have less gameplay elements than Civ 4. The Only High point are the battles that are less random/luck type ( yeah watching a swordman dispatch my tanks because they had a 0.0001% chance of wining was raging ) - Still a linear research branch + 1 research slot ( points or % distribution would have been excellent ). - Culture and religion are simple stats that increase stats ( god was the cultural expansion system from the 4 was entertaining and some unrest would be nice when there are multiple religion in your empire with opposing enemy holy city ect ect ) - Overpowered civilization perks, you want to play cultural? frenchs or india are overpowered , play military? germans or japs are overpowered. deviate the slightest from those style and its like shooting yourself in the foot because the game will make you pay for this extra city you needed, this granary you built over your warrior. - Having a big empire and actually something to do each turns besides type enter on your keyboard is imposible on this game because of the empirewide gestion of happiness and increase cost for great people and research each time you expand. - Random events and little bonuses have vanished, no f""" my city was hit plague because i risked no building this ing sewer and clean my citizens, I got a navigation bonus because i was the 1rst to go around the globe ect ect... - trading, commerce is totally absent due to a donkey level IA ( no thanks for my 1 poor iron i want your city, dude we are friends since 1500years i crushed your chinese invaders and still you treat me like s""" because i have 2 more points than you? ... ) - no protectorat system you simply conquer or have and bot controled city ( no cleopatra i want your grain or me and my legions put your brother on the trone ) - Extremely poor IA on every front its funny to watch 20 infantry getting smashed by 1 city and 1 artilery ( funny to watch, not funny to play ), diplomacy is a myth on this game and even worse since Brave new world even an higly warmonger agressive IA will still prefer a museum over army or defense. The result is since this extension i wasnt able to fight against somebody that had more than 5 city even after the modern era. - Very Very VERY poorly optimised particulary in multiplayer, i have a friend that is running on a i7 4770k, 32GO ddr3 2000+ ram , and GF 780, He still gets crashs and 45second turn loading. Here Comes the Insulting part Dude there is a steam worshop support why are you crying? You can mod most of those issues.... Yeah but i'd like to share them with my friends and play on multiplayer without knowing how to read edit and rebuild DLLs After 3 years still no multiplayer support for mods, still EXTREMELY buggy and unstable multiplayer, Still limited gameplay in multiplayer ( still 12 civs max even on huge maps combine it with the shity BNW IA its pathetic ) I'm not some whiner those many problems where exposed by numerous players on the official 2K games forum. Devs just dont seem to care as long as we pay our dlcs. There are numerous other issues with this game but those are the worst in my opinion. This was my final investment in this franchise. And remember those issues if you intend to purchase Beyond Earth.
game-hours: 31.8
review: 2015, multiplayer still crashes regularly. My friends and I paid money for this game and no matter what we try, we can't get through a full multiplayer game without it crashing and us losing turns. A quick google search will show we're not alone.
game-hours: 115.3
review: Firaxis and 2K don't respect their customers. CIV 5 Multiplayer is unplayable, so don't buy this game.
game-hours: 4.6
review: If you are looking for an action packed game were you can rapidly take over cities and take over the world this isnt for you. I played the game for a couple of hours and i just got bored. There isnt really anything wrong with the game it is just slow pace and if you want fast pace action you are out of luck. However if you are pacient and dont mind spending hours on one game session then this may be a game that you enjoy. Please tell me if this comment helped you decide whether to buy the game or not.
game-hours: 71.6
review: Fun, very fun. So buggy though. Can we get a patch? Nothing has changed these dumb network bugs have been here forever. Only reason for negative review. Fix it?
game-hours: 186.1
review: This is a truly abysmal linux port. It crashed for me regularly between three minutes and three hours, every time. The multiplayer is slightly less stable than a North Korean dictator. And the final straw: After playing for 30+ hours on a single game, I'm now unable to load *any* saved games whatsoever. And it's really a shame, because this game was phenomenal. Wait a year for it to stabilze. My system: Linux Mint 17.1 w/ Cinnamon 2.4.6 Kernel 3.13.0-37-generic AMD FX-6300 hex core 8 gigabytes RAM Radeon R7 260x
game-hours: 76.8
review: I have played Civ 2 through Civ 5 (including Sid Meiers Alpha Centauri). Every version brought changes  good and bad things or things to get used to - and that is great! However, for the last years I tried but couldnt get at all into Civ 5 plus its DLCs. To me, Civ 5 is more like a mashup between a hex-based, strategic war game and a Civ Revolution console port than a deep empire building game. Although very pretty and with some cool new features, it lacks soul, lost core Civ concepts, and it keeps treating me like an idiot. It is disappointing because the potential is there but the foundation is too flawed. Thankfully, Civ 4 Complete with mods such as Caveman2Cosmos will hold me over until, hopefully, a 64-bit spiritual successor comes along. :)
game-hours: 20.2
review: Do not buy this game if you have anything you want to achieve. It will consume you
game-hours: 102.3
review: Was a good game until Firaxis made a patch which screwed up the multiplayer, all they had to do was fix a simple trading bug that's been around for 2 years and add a new food resource (bison) and they managed to screw it up. No doubt to make people buy their new game, Civ: Beyond Earth as it is failing miserably. I used to have a positive review of this game, but until Firaxis fix this issue it will remain negative.
game-hours: 29.8
review: Playing a turn based game online that requires 250 turns to near complete any match makes me want to remove my eyes and wait for a brail moniter to see if this is any more pleasurable.
game-hours: 15.2
review: Enjoy the wonders of losing 8 hours of your life to a ly obtuse stratergy game where your advisors are , your workers are trash, nations flip flop on millenia long alliances, no religion, and painfully boring wait times where not even the shortest setting is short enough.
game-hours: 242.0
review: This game is brilliant, but I cannt forgive the fact that making the mistake of not paying $10 more for complete edition costs you $172.85 later on for the dlc.
game-hours: 9.8
review: First, I'd like to explain my background to Civ games. I am the most hard core Civ fanatic gamer. I started playing Civilization 2 in the late 90's and ever since bought and played ever Civ game and expansions, including Alpha Centauri, that was created by Firaxis. To this day, Civ4 Beyond the Sword still ranks as my number 1 Civ game. So about Civ 5: I only bought this game after there was a sale on it on Steam. I am thankful that I did that, because Civ 5 is not worth more than that. I didn't play many hours of this game, but I don't think I need to play more hours to give my honest to God review here. This is the ONLY game were my hopes for a good game were crushed this fast. From the early days of the news of a Civ5 being developed years ago, I had been sceptical. It was announced that Civ5 would be a download-purchase-only game. Not a good sign and most of the fanbase was against this move, but realized no protest was going to change this decision. The changing of the tile system was interesting at first, but does improve anything of significance in my opinion. No more stack of doom: I still don't understand why this change was necessary, but again, is not my main problem. It's just another issue. City screen and the screen in general is not to my liking. I understand the concept of the player not having more windows of info to go through, but... that just dumbs it down in my opinion. There is little to none in-dephth description of what is happening. Basically, it reeks of tablet friendly game design. My main problem is that the game feels dumbed down. You don't need to understand much to play this game. Maybe a rookie to the Civ genre sees it different, but for a veteran, this is a major dissapointment and the fun is sucked of the game. Honestly, Civ5 does not compare to previous games of this series. I wholeheartedly recommend gamers, who are fairly interested in Civ5, to purchase the Civ4 bundle and play that before playing Civ5. The depth and complexity of Civ4 simply does compare to Civ5.
game-hours: 44.1
review: I thougt it was good. But I also felt once you've played it, you've played it. I can't imagine why anyone would spend so much time playing this over and over again. Not my cup of tea, it was also terribly expensive on release. Downvoted by me.
game-hours: 9.8
review: First, I'd like to explain my background to Civ games. I am the most hard core Civ fanatic gamer. I started playing Civilization 2 in the late 90's and ever since bought and played ever Civ game and expansions, including Alpha Centauri, that was created by Firaxis. To this day, Civ4 Beyond the Sword still ranks as my number 1 Civ game. So about Civ 5: I only bought this game after there was a sale on it on Steam. I am thankful that I did that, because Civ 5 is not worth more than that. I didn't play many hours of this game, but I don't think I need to play more hours to give my honest to God review here. This is the ONLY game were my hopes for a good game were crushed this fast. From the early days of the news of a Civ5 being developed years ago, I had been sceptical. It was announced that Civ5 would be a download-purchase-only game. Not a good sign and most of the fanbase was against this move, but realized no protest was going to change this decision. The changing of the tile system was interesting at first, but does improve anything of significance in my opinion. No more stack of doom: I still don't understand why this change was necessary, but again, is not my main problem. It's just another issue. City screen and the screen in general is not to my liking. I understand the concept of the player not having more windows of info to go through, but... that just dumbs it down in my opinion. There is little to none in-dephth description of what is happening. Basically, it reeks of tablet friendly game design. My main problem is that the game feels dumbed down. You don't need to understand much to play this game. Maybe a rookie to the Civ genre sees it different, but for a veteran, this is a major dissapointment and the fun is sucked of the game. Honestly, Civ5 does not compare to previous games of this series. I wholeheartedly recommend gamers, who are fairly interested in Civ5, to purchase the Civ4 bundle and play that before playing Civ5. The depth and complexity of Civ4 simply does compare to Civ5.
game-hours: 6.0
review: Like watching paint dry.
game-hours: 85.6
review: The game is lots of fun and very addiciting, but crashes fairly often. I have not been able to get to the modern era, let alone finish a game, without it crashing. I cannot recommend this game until the bugs are fixed.
game-hours: 29.7
review: Why cant I play as hitler? 10/10 amazing
game-hours: 293.0
review: I very much enjoy Civ5, and have played many of the Civ series. It's a great game, but the AI diplomacy needs some serious help. Most of my games go the same way, my friend and ally won't help when the enemy declares, even on the third invasion. Then my ally declares against me??? Finally pushing the enemy back, taking land, not only does my friend denounce me, so does the enemy of my enemy... WAT?
game-hours: 488.7
review: Disclaimer: This Review is entirely an opinion and as such is subject to the same flaws as any opinion. YRMV. I admit I have biases against certain styles of game design and this has led me to feel very aggravated with CIV V. I don't want to be unfair so I will also admit that I am not a great player of the game. I don't have the "skills" that the higher difficulty levels take and really have no interest in acquiring them through some lengthy video tutorial process. (Why go to school to learn how to "properly" win a game??) So that is on me. That said I hate how the AI cheats. Not so much with Settler and Chieftan (even Warlord really) and on those settings the game is basically a cake walk if you aren't too stupid with your decision trees. Given a few games that should improve. But the game does not scale well in difficulty. It feels like even perfect micromanagement and decision making invariably leads to bad endings. Perhaps it is just par for the course for players to constantly lose cities and armies, never get the wonders they aim for built on time, always lag behind in ever tech, etc but I dislike it and wont play that sort of game through. I have played this version (CIV V) quite extensively so perhaps it is ironic that I would not recommend it to others but I am mainly saying this to give fair warning: It can be fun if you have the patience and skill but eventually some of the things like the perpetual late game lag, the hidden stealthy units out of nowhere that require no economic base whatsoever and the general way in which the RNG of the game screws you is not something for any but the die hard fans of this franchise. I keep coming back (hence the many hours) to try again every 6-8 months when I have forgotten the last time I flamed out and deleted the infernal software. So in that sense it succeeds because I really want to like the game. As much as I liked CIV I-IV at any rate. It just isn't happening. I should also point out that the game at full price is far different a deal than at discount, particularly in view of the full price DLC that is a part and parcel of the full game. Without them, the game is much, much worse.
game-hours: 220.7
review: Until they fix this game i will not recommend this game! Once their new games come out the seem to leave thier old games behind.
game-hours: 20.2
review: Multiplayer is Loading Screen Simulator 2015.
game-hours: 503.1
review: I don't know how anyone can recommend this game in the state it's in right now. Multiplayer is broken, completely unplayable. Has been for over a month. Still the skeleton of a fun game but the AI is very weak (once you get at all good the only way to have any kind of challenge is to play on levels that give it massive advantages over you) so being limited to playing against the computer is lame. Save your money until they get it fixed.
game-hours: 1.4
review: Probably one of the best games ever made... Too bad I cant actually play it because of crashes.
game-hours: 58.0
review: Broken multiplayer no fix
game-hours: 163.1
review: Great Game, broken multiplayer as of 11/2014.
game-hours: 10.7
review: This game crashes constantly. I am a huge fan of Sid Meier and the Civilization franchise but I cannot even finish a match because the game crashes halfway through
game-hours: 122.2
review: Fun game, Laggy online, terrible AI, gutted a lot of features, needs $60+ of DLC to be playable.
game-hours: 170.8
review: It's great untill it stops working
game-hours: 112.4
review: While the game is visually appealing and comes with a great soundtrack I've found the game to be addictive in all the wrong ways. First of all this game is completely absorbing and does not deliver any of your hopes for it. I've found the battles to be forced, the AI for diplomacy broken, and the overall gameplay to be far from awe inspiring. I've lost sleep countless nights playing this into the wee hours only to go to bed feeling like I had to work to keep the game fun or engaging. This iteration has many features other games simply gloss over, but the opposite is true too. This game is a shadow of what the other games were. This game looks pretty, but that's about it. After spending countless hours, you'll have the same feeling of not accomplishing anything and feel like you not only wasted your money, but your time too. do not buy, and even if it were free, do not play. This is one big time wasting sinkhole of a sequel.
game-hours: 34.5
review: Crashing constantly, no fix offered
game-hours: 94.3
review: Patch released after 2 years to fix bug makes multiplayer unplayable. gg Firaxes.
game-hours: 170.8
review: Building workers for 53 turns. Resync. Workers disappear. 10\10
game-hours: 497.8
review: good game but online play is awful. theres a glitch that allows people to steal ur whole empire. and it crashes all the time overall i feel ripped off.
game-hours: 49.3
review: The game is a time sink not because it's fun, but because the game is slow and takes an hour for what would have been a minute in an RTS. The game is polished and clean otherwise. But has no keybind and uses arrow key as screen scroll like a god dayum game from 1980's. Use WASD like real people, Fraxis. It's 2014 and there's no excuse. Also conceptually the game fails because it's always weird to see Washington from 5000BC all the way to 2000AD. They should have scrapped the leader idea altogether and gone with the race as identity instead.
game-hours: 12.5
review: civ IV is better and does not have zionist-themed DLC
game-hours: 107.5
review: Vanilla version (The base game without any mods) is broken due to a bug causing your workers to be manually reminded what they are doing at every turn in the game. So if u have 10 workers each doing a task that takes 30 turns, well get ready to sit there and issue 300 commands in stead of 10. You will get sick of that in a hurry. This didnt use to be a problem when i bought this game way back, and the bug has been solved in the expansion packs. But if u payed for the vanilla game and did not chose to spend further money on the game, well... It feels kind of like that they stole the product that you paid them money for because they broke it with a patch. Or even worse: They are holding your product hostage for the price of an additional DLC.
game-hours: 10.6
review: City states
game-hours: 101.6
review: Great game, but if you want to play with your friends it does not work... this game should not have "multiplayer" as a tag.
game-hours: 27.5
review: Why is this game so  without the dlc?
game-hours: 0.4
review: I can see why this game is the bargain bin. I am running windows XP but that should not matter. It crashed 4 times before I learned that using the shortcut on the desktop seems to crash it. Why didn't I think of that before? Every freaking game I play always crashes from the shortcut on the desktop, right? Then when it was explaining something in single player, it crashed again. OK, here is a solid rule when making a game: 1. Test your damn game to make sure it does not crash. It's not that hard you morons. I feel cheated even though I only spent $12. I now have a title I spent $12 for that I cannot play. Skip this piece of crap.
game-hours: 37.9
review: Constantly crashes. Impossible to play.
game-hours: 109.1
review: Yeah, well... no, I don't like Civ V. Basically, you need a good start, and then you don't have to mess it up. The game is repetitive and very very veeeery slow. It's a time drain. If you like time drains, you could love this game. But I never got the satisfying feeling of having accomplished anything. When I lose, I usually know why, and it was something I did hours ago. Yes, I could get the skills to turn the game around in such situations, but I don't see what for. I don't feel entertained. Even if I played 100+ hours. I wanted to like the game.
game-hours: 81.5
review: I have played CIV I, CIV II, Call of Power I, Call of Power II, CIV III and while CIV IV enhanced some parts and CIV V took this further, I dont think CIV has evolved at all beyond being very commercial. CIV I revolutionized PC games and became a benchmark for strategy games, unfortunately there are only a few epic strategy games out there. Sid Meyer is more about producing a half-game to full-price, adding everything he ripped away as expansion packs. I dont like that. I also believe that CIV could have evolved much further than the current version. CIV could be a realistic RTS with beautiful maps and interactive gameplay on the maps... like Total War Empires in Strategy Map Mode... instead they left the hardcore civ-fans and started with a boardlike chessgame with mediocre graphics and a combat system that does not work and is unrealistic. It was more fun stacking up units... why dont they use the "army" style like Total War? I play this game with a buddy of mine only... I have lost the interest to play this on my own. Its a dissappointment and irritating. I always think about what it could have been, and what they always remove when they launch a new version. I want a realistic world which seamlessly allows me to build up a civilization and to watch armies or units fight on all fronts. That would have been a fun game.
game-hours: 333.8
review: Right now, I would say that the game runs (with all the dlcs and expansions) like it should be in beta. The gameplay itself is fun and enjoyable, but they haven't bothered to fix the stability of multiplayer, or allowing multiplayer games with mods on. These are relatively simple problems that a team of programmers should be able to fix relatively quickly, because of these issues and the lack of solutions I would rate this as sub-par when compared to other games both in the same series and the same turn based style of gameplay.
game-hours: 0.9
review: I really hate this game for some reason.
game-hours: 366.4
review: this  in S U C K S
game-hours: 14.4
review: This is some ed up  right here
game-hours: 7.3
review: The most boring game ever
game-hours: 973.0
review: I'm writing this after several years of playing and hoping that the enormous problems which were evident on release day would be fixed, but after two expansions the game hasn't changed much, so here goes: The game is.... barely acceptable. Schafer managed to take the series and trash it's reputation, to the point that I will never pre-order a Civ title again (previously I never missed a Civ title release day.) Why? Primary complaint is AI, which is vastly inferior to the previous installments despite numerous revisions to the game. In multiplayer, the AI may as well be nonexistent, as it routinely appears as though the AI opponents are literally spinning their wheels (compared to single player, where they do take actions, just largely inefficiently and ineffectually.) There are secondary complaints. The challenge level of the game is vastly reduced, and the compensation for poor AI at higher levels is to have them spam units to the point that even a human player capable of winning every combat spends countless turns slogging through a screen full of enemy troops. This is not entertaining, and proves to be a grindfest overall which provides no new or unique decision-making or gameplay features. Yes, higher levels of play are supposed to be more difficult, but I tend to expect more than throwing sheer numbers at me in terms of difficulty. I want the AI to be *smarter,* using great timing and cold, calculating tactics, ensuring their forces are used to extreme effect, and their advantages are pressed at every opportunity. What I don't want, sadly, is what they give me: an endless slog through fields full of inferior units behaving in much the same way their lower-difficulty counterparts behave, simply in greater numbers. Are there good things? Sure. 1UPT (one-unit-per-tile) was an interesting idea which was executed probably as well as it could have been. I'm not personally a fan, but I don't feel it detracts from the series in the way many reviewers I've spoken with do. It lends a different feel to the game, and I'm not the type to expect all sequels to be directly similar "remakes" of the previous editions. In that sense, I realize Civ V tried to do some things differently, and 1UPT is not a complete failure in that regard - though I do suspect it has contributed a lot to the AI difficulties, as it is harder to program something to be tactical across a large area, rather than bringing a single stack of doom (SOD, common in previous versions of the game) to a single target, such as a city. The graphics are better than previous versions, as you'd expect from a newer installment. No real complaints there. The changes to tech tree progression are neither good nor bad. They're different, but they don't turn me off - or on - aside from the fact I'm very glad they fixed tech overflow to work correctly in one of the later patches. The way tech determines which "age" you are in and the bonuses you recieve from your allied City States vary by age is interesting. The rebalancing of how far you can go down one branch of the tree without picking up techs in the other areas is not bad. I'm not a huge fan of how research agreements work - I feel like they are overpowered, and I dislike giving my opponents advantages, even if I know how to "game the system," but it is an interesting new feature. I dislike being unable to trade techs, but again, it's a change which is neither good nor bad, inherently. I just wish they gave me more to work with (beyond research agreements) when taking away the ability to tech trade. City States are a great addition. I love being able to ally the smaller "countries" and use them to enhance my own power. By comparison, I very strongly disliked the Capitulation system in Civ 4, and I think that city states are a vastly superior system. Only needing to take the enemy capitol in order to eliminate them is interesting. Good? Bad? I'm not completely certain. It makes some games' last few turns resolve a bit more quickly than they would otherwise, but as I normally would completely conquer a foe regardless, it usually only proves important in one of two scenarios: either it's the end of the game and taking the capitol of *the very last opponent* is faster than taking all of their territory, or it's the beginning of the game and as a player, you get rushed by an enemy force and are unprepared for it, and lose because your capitol is gone. As the impact is relatively low, it's a hand wave one way or the other whether the change matters. City defenses: absolutely brilliant. Guarding settlers is still important until they get where you want them, but cities being able to defend themselves without a unit stationed changes the game, lowers your requirements for standing armies and maintenance, and allows you to build your "expeditionary forces" however you like without wasting production on defenses as well. Granted, you may still need defensive units, but those can be rush bought as needed, or built much more selectively when you know you'll have a turn or two - at least - to respond to an enemy force moving towards your cities. Nevermind that this change was made to further enable 1UPT, it's a good change and I'd have loved to see it in earlier Civ titles. I hope they retain it in future versions. There is one other major issue with the game, though. The development team seems to have had a goal of "simplifying" Civ, to make it more accessible to new players. I admire the goal, and respect why it is a good idea both from a business perspective, and as a fan who wants it to be easy to get others into the game. The downside is that it resulted in the removal of a number of meaningful choices. Buildings have significantly less impact - and higher relative cost - compared to previous versions, and tile outputs have a much lower variance, despite tile improvements you can build. While there are still some ways to push your empire, as a builder and optimizer, to get "the most you can" out of what you have, there are not a significant number of meaningful choices you can make in that regard. It can be difficult to explain the significance of this to newer players. Why should tile yields vary more between land types, why should improvements grant larger bonuses, which vary based on where (and when) you build them? The answer is because it adds a depth of strategy to the game, which long-time fans have appreciated. Is it necessary? I'd argue yes. Obviously the answer that most accept is 'no,' becuase the game has enjoyed a large amount of success overall, but that deeper knowledge of when to build a farm over a cottage, or a windmill over a mine, or a watermill over a workshop (for instance) and thus further specialize your cities is one that made an impact on the game, and it allowed players to diversify their playstyles as a result. Now? The options generally come down to Tall or Wide, and city placement doesn't really matter. You find a luxury resource you don't have access to yet, and settle on it, within 4 squares of other cities if possible to minimize road costs. Everything else just doesn't matter, because they took away the things which made them matter. Overall, the game is playable and enjoyable. The game would have been a perfectly fine Civ spinoff, as long as it wasn't a Civ series title. Schafer was hired onto the dev team after modding Civ 4 extensively, and I strongly believe that was a mistake... it was not until near or after his resignation that many of the more glaring flaws - which I have not covered here - were dealt with at all, and many of the good changes to the title were announced before he was hired on. The AI - which, since release, has been the game's biggest flaw - has never been corrected to anywhere near a measure of acceptable levels, and if that had ever been adequately addressed, I'd have to recommend the game. As it stands, I cannot.
game-hours: 38.0
review: Horrible peace of .
game-hours: 0.1
review: I can't honestly say whether this is a good game or not because it always locks up during the initial loading screen.
game-hours: 4.4
review: 3/10 Game Fun game if you enjoy waiting 10 minutes each turn..
game-hours: 31.5
review: It's a good game. Unless you have played Civ 4 Complete... ;-) In solo, it feels furiously easy & basic & limited when compared to Civ 4, especially at end game where's not much to do anymore. There are a good bunch of nice improvements over Civ 4 (mainly: better visual, more accessible, more easy to get into), but the core gameplay has been dumbed down. Moreover, it's slow. It does less than Civ4, but waiting AI players between turn is much longer.
game-hours: 0.5
review: It's an overpriced piece of extra-terrestrial wang
game-hours: 12.1
review: I am a Civ 3 + 4 fan, so I bought this. It was super confusing after 14 hours I still had no idea what was happening and at no point was it fun. Save you time for something more worthwhile than this game.
game-hours: 44.6
review: Games kindda stale. The new game mechanics are certainly welcome for anyone familiar with the Civilization Series. With that said, it's the same ol' cheating AI. Your comp opponent with still be in the stone age, but attack with tanks and watch how the next turn all its citites are amazingly teched to modern armies, as well. Dimplomacy and trading is still a joke and useless.
game-hours: 25.7
review: Got the Sid Meier's Humble Bundle. Still not really satisfied with the experience.
game-hours: 9.2
review: not for the impatient
game-hours: 84.0
review: It's fun for a little bit.. but then it becomes boring. There's really no skill involved in playing. Playing it on the hardest difficulty is a breeze and there's absolutely no challenge to it if you play single player.
game-hours: 2.1
review: How many civilizations do you think Sid Meier has to make before he's happy
game-hours: 545.0
review: Multiplayer is completely broken and has been for well over a month.
game-hours: 180.4
review: Civ V may be pretty, but it's a very shallow game. It was obviously rushed and released in a very flawed state. Unfortunately, the expansions weren't able to fix so many broken things. I'm a fan of the franchise since Civ I, and I must say that I have returned to Civ IV, a game that I still enjoy immensely. I would recommend this one over Civ 5 to almost anyone!
game-hours: 56.7
review: Best RTS at the minute
game-hours: 268.4
review: Awesome strategy game
game-hours: 327.7
review: Sid Meire is a strategic genius Civilization 5 is one of the best games i have played in a very long time with over a hunded hours in to it making it my current most played game. thier are 2 major DLC i would recommend that you buy with this game which are Gods and Kings and Brave New World these add and change alot of the content in the game and make the game better by adding new features such as the world congress. Their are alot of civ to chose who to play as from Morroco to America their are tons of civs with each on the own strengths and weaknesses at different victory types. some of my personal wins were as China -Domination and Morroco-Science. this game offers lot of advice to new civ players and even advice for the more advanced players in to the game who have been playing scince the start. if you like stratergy games you will like Civilzation 5 :).
game-hours: 109.6
review: Nice idea, bad realization. If you click trading, you'll see that computer can play well with huge debt and negative happiness. That makes all single gameplay useless. When i'm building second city i'm have (-) in gold and happiness, need to w8 a lot to build simple building, while he already has max number of units... And this happens even at simple difficulty level(
game-hours: 84.7
review: Was taking over Gao when the Carthage scum took it before i could, so i razed their whole empire to the ground! 10/10
game-hours: 0.2
review: error nie dziaa
game-hours: 32.3
review: Civilization V is possibly the best turn based strategy game I have played, I am not the type of person to get into and play strategy games but Civilization V has made me see that their not as bad as I thought. If you like strategy games then this would be a game worth getting, I recommend getting the Complete Edition to enhance your experience on this game.
game-hours: 2.0
review: I found it extremely confusing at first. Once I understood the basics of the controls and everything, I couldn't really follow the storyline (if there even was one lol). If you're thinking about getting the game, I'd recommend saving your money for another game.
game-hours: 800.1
review: This game is as unrefined and buggy as Civ 4 BTS is a perfected icon of turn based strat games. I keep gettin many turns into the games and see automated workers taking up space in cities when work is to be done or when you take manual control they require orders every turn. POS really after 100s of hours of playing, I've had it. So I got my money's worth and if I could do it over again, I wouldn't buy it.
game-hours: 2765.9
review: last update - 1.0.3.276 Is the final and most reliable nail on that otherwise great game. R.I.P civ5 was great to play with real humans regretably the multiplayer of that game is probably the worst of all games at steam and final update make it totaly unstable. So please if u do wanna buy that game to play it online DO NOT DO IT. It was hard enough to finish a multiplayer game before but since the last update IT IS IMPOSSIBLE. SO great work at the developers whom are probably looking to sale the new abomination of civ 5 - Beyound Earth wich is hillarious how they kill a true classics just only to be able to sell theyr new product. Very dissapointing indeed so at the bottom of all PLEASE DO NOT BUY any CIV5 DLC or the game itself if u are LOOKING TO PLAY IT ONLINE JUST BECOUZ it is totaly IMPOSSIBLE!
game-hours: 1.5
review: not for me 0/10
game-hours: 0.2
review: crap
game-hours: 19.8
review: These games have just steadily fallen apart since Alpha Centauri... I would suggest to anyone who likes games like this, to go to GOG and get Alpha Centauri, or older versions of Civ.
game-hours: 370.5
review: I am very disappointed with this game. There appears to be some convenient "glitch" within the software that conspicuously happens when the game is losing terribly. My version of Sid Meier's Civilization V stops working and shuts down almost every other day and sometimes multiple times a day. It happens most often after I have delt a devastating blow in the game that significantly benefits me. I have invested many many hours in this game and if this is the product's design then I say this was a bad investment of my money and my time. I would not buy this product again. Sincerly, BS
game-hours: 144.0
review: The game is fun, but there are so many bugs. Half the times I try to install this game it just crashes after the intro movie. A google search reveals that this is a common problem but no fix has been found. Waste of money when it only works half the time.
game-hours: 111.3
review: I've played too much of this. If you have a decade to kill, go for it. WORLD DOMINATION.
game-hours: 39.3
review: when i try to open it, the game closes and does it over and over again
game-hours: 3.8
review: Don't you just love it when you spend 2 hours on a game then it crashes for an unkown reason if so this is the game for you.
game-hours: 6.8
review: Its boring.
game-hours: 1345.2
review: Slow... boring ... fake speed... fake ship travel... fake History Fake Laughable empires failure of a combat system and the game punishes you... it punishes you for growing, expanding, building too much, building too much culture, trading, war... this game wants you to Bend over and take it like a Liberal at the bath house no thank you. I am paying for fun. Not a Propergana Brainwashing Piece
game-hours: 75.3
review: I played this game, I wanted to love it like I love Civ IV, like I loved Civ III before that and Civ II before that (and yes, I also played the original Civilization) And I don't. It just doesn't feel right. I hate the silly combat system that seems designed to frustrate the player, rather than to add an extra dimension, and I hate it so much that I can't love this game. So with regret and probably one of very few, I don't recommend this. And I put 75 hours into it, which might mean something to you.
game-hours: 40.1
review: i really like this game. i really enjoy what its about. but i can't say that it should be picked up. I played one day for 12 hours straight casue was great. but then reality comes in and you feel a repitition , there isnt any real faction trait that'll make you want to try another, you can easily get every upgrade, every fight is easy and the waiting to finish game wanders off and you wont stay to finish. there are many maps and mods for factions but it's all the same. you will play this game a lot and never put it away. but the fun factor will disappear real quick. least you get it with your friends, it might be worth it. or get it on a steam sale.
game-hours: 2758.8
review: Love the game, hate Steam. It is a rip off that you can only play the game online so when Steam has a problem, I have a problem. Not really buying the game. You're buying the interface.
game-hours: 42.6
review: Ok, before I say something inappropriate: I really like this gem, improvements over its predecessors are noticable and overall needed. Hexes are way better, and idea of only one unit being able to occupy one hex at a time is great. With that being said, let me start gently pointing out what's wrong. First thing, is that many things from Civ IV, like religion, are available only in Addons. Ok I own all DLCs, but it's still annoying. Second thing is: ing multi. If you decide not to add dedicated servers, then please, at least make sure, that option of hosting game is working properly. No matter which of my five friends I tried to play with tries to host the game, it either stops on 20th turn, or just doesn't load. And our net is good, don't you worry. No matter if we try to play with hamachi or other virtual LAN it just won't work. However, without any addons everything worked as it should. And yes, all of us have all DLCs. So my final verdict depends on the way you want to play this game. If you're ok with playing alone, then I recommend it. If you like playing with your friends, then I would reconsider buying it, because even if multi works, it's slow and buggy as .
game-hours: 43.8
review: i couldnt even find sid meiers civilization the title is wrong
game-hours: 152.2
review: If you like games that don't work, freeze, and take you back to the loading screen then it's the perfect game for you. Buy it only when it's on sale because it's not worth the full price. LITERALLY IT'S THE MOST BROKEN GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED.
game-hours: 117.5
review: Some of the dumbest AI teammates you could ask for; even if you up the AI. Bot games are impossible unless you solo, and then the difficulty is massively skewed. 5 versions, you think the kinks would be out by now.
game-hours: 1090.4
review: Sick of the crashes and bugs. Been playing it since it came out but in all honesty the thing is problematic. I am actually considering uninstalling it and trying CIV 4 again. Much better game IMHO.
game-hours: 47.3
review: - Community is pve and mod oriented - Small matches (less then 6 ppl) are completely unbalanced - No matchmaking - Random opponents are often cheaters, so you have to know the community - Non FFA-matches have low variety (its always a race to 1 of 3-4 techs before military rush)
game-hours: 20.8
review: Terrible game all around, dont buy it, waste of money, I wish I can go back in time and use that money for needles that I would stick in my eyes because that seems like a better use of the money I spent on this game.
game-hours: 59.5
review: This would be a great game if it would launch.
game-hours: 37.4
review: If you plan on playing this game on a Mac, save yourself the trouble and find something else. There is a serious bug on Mac which presents itself with all the symptoms of memory mismanagement (both the leak kind and attempting to access deallocated memory). Do your due diligence and perform a few web searches to see for yourself the responsiveness of the game developers to the aforementioned issue. This is really unfortunate as I've played this game on a Windows machine and it was a beautiful game.
game-hours: 43.0
review: 0/10 theres no sex scenes.
game-hours: 108.6
review: Comparing to the original Civilization 1, I like the hexagonal tiles system but the performance of the edition, on a very good machine, is poor to the point of being unplayable. The performance of software these days has become such a major issue that I feel it is necessary to be much more demanding on developers. Furthermore, the designers of this game were so obsessed by matching the timeline of Earth's development that the build rate for anything is so outrageously slow that there is nothing for the player to do most turns and the player is pretty much constrained to only a handful of units that must be protected in order not to squander earned experience points. I'm sorry, this game is a suckfest. No amount of visual detail can make up for that. Also, the decision to make a separate game for future development is really going to excesses to milk the player. =( Take a knock-off franchise, "Civilization: Call To Power" which I got for BeOS. =P That game let you build deep-sea colonies, space colonies, etc, and was a much much better game and had no performance issues on a machine that's now 14 years old.
game-hours: 49.2
review: I have Complete Edition and I'm disappointed. It's good but defnetly not worth 40 euros. Sometimes I even think that Civ IV was more intresting.
game-hours: 47.5
review: This is probably the best Civilization game I've played since the 1st one. But that being said, I have to give it a bad review as it stands on its own. What makes me give this game a bad review, the engineers in the game that upgrade for your city tiles will stop working for extended periods of time even after you make peace and there are no longer units to endanger them. You have to give the commands over and over every turn for every engineer you have. If you do not give them an order and let them do their own thing, they will just stay stacked on your cities. Apparently, the only way to fix the issue is to buy the expansions, there is no more updates to the standard game. So make sure you get the complete edition or you'll be cussing the game almost every time you enter your first war with another country. I read at one point they had actually fixed the issue with the standard game, but a final update before the expansions came out broke it again. This could be rumors though. But, I promise you that the lazy engineer units are not a myth. Aside from this flaw, I completely recommend the complete edition to anyone looking into a new version of the Civ games.
game-hours: 668.8
review: The new patch broke multiplayer.
game-hours: 47.3
review: I've played every version of Civ there's been and frankly Civ V is....disappointing. The game's default setting is two and at that level I as an experienced Civ player romped home to space race victory having only had about forty years of war during the entire three millenia of the game. Although the graphics are now pretty enough - similar to Civ 3 and 4 which were huge improvements on Civ 1 and 2 - the game play feels moribund. Gone are the diplomats and caravans that could make peace time exciting. The little videos which were rewards for completing wonders are now gone replaced by still pictures. Military units are dull with few special advantages and disadvantages to distinguish them other than a steady increase in strength over the ages. Combat invariably tends to resolve as pounding the enemy into submission with artillery before finishing off with ground troops because fortified units in cities have about a four to one advantage on attackers. Significant since units can no longer stack. The change that means unhappiness and happiness are now spread across your empire like unit costs rather than attributed by city means the effect is duller and makes war at higher levels very tricky since an unhappy conquered city disrupts your entire empire. Even on higher levels long spells of the game can involve you tediously tapping "pass" for unit moves turn after turn. The option to send units to sleep is not worthwhile because in the event of a war you'd want to activate all units not fortified in a city which then involves scouring your empire for each unit. Special resources have little added value and there's no real excitement to building wonders or capturing special areas. Diplomacy is unfortunately equally tedious with any antagonism - usually not the result of active hostility on your part - resulting in an unwilligness to trade except on ridiculously inflated terms. Irritating when trade for foreign luxuries is essential for maintaining your empire's happiness. If you asked "what's the point of Civ 5" I think the developers would struggle to give you an answer. Certainly in terms of game play and fun it's far inferior to "Secrets of Alpha Centauri" which used the Civ game engine and overall is probably the best version of Civ out there even though it's now a decade old. Unusually I don't want to see improvements for Civ 6. I just don't want to see Civ 6. Sid Meier and his team appear to have run out of imagination and I've run out of enthusiasm. A new version of Secrets of Alpha Centauri with similar but improved Special Project videos and a few gameplay tweaks ? Now that I'd be interested in... S.x.
game-hours: 216.2
review: It's fun. Games are long as  though. 9/10
game-hours: 204.4
review: great game once all the bugs are sorted out!
game-hours: 216.2
review: It's fun. Games are long as  though. 9/10
game-hours: 0.1
review: Meh. Idk. Not a type of game I enjoy
game-hours: 204.4
review: great game once all the bugs are sorted out!
game-hours: 145.3
review: If you are a fan of strategy games (games like chess, risk and other games of such) this is one youre gonna want to get. the DLC makes this game infinitely better, however, the vanilla is still good. if you are new to the series, there is a harsh learning curve, but once you get past this. you learn how fun a game like this can be.
game-hours: 36.8
review: This game is amazing! I dont even like turn based games but man does this game have a good system. I can see why some peaple do not like this game. (9/10 system,replayable,soundtrack)
game-hours: 52.9
review: game is too slow, boring, every game is pretty much the same. when you upgrade a unit or advance to a new stage it doesn't change the gameplay at all. would not recommend.
game-hours: 15.8
review: This is the game that help my sleepless problem. Whenever I play this game I will so sleepy in 1 hrs.
game-hours: 12.6
review: No Baba Yetu, no Wonder project animations, no Leonard Nimoy. Dont get this garbage. Civilization 4 was much better buy that instead.
game-hours: 1.3
review: I had no idea what I was doing 10/10
game-hours: 33.2
review: I do not recommend this guy on the charges of lack of 360 no-scopes.
game-hours: 27.0
review: Totally sucks , hate it so much , takes 8h to finish a game i can finish 3 skyrim quests instead
game-hours: 33.9
review: this game is made for babies japan is the only good country 20 seaguls out of 19 dead babies
game-hours: 0.8
review: Kind of confusing and boring in the beggining.
game-hours: 82.0
review: One of the best, if not the best games in history. If you cannot have fun playing this game...well you will not have fun playing any!!!
game-hours: 8.7
review: This game isnt working for me on windows 8.1. I bought the complete edition
game-hours: 548.2
review: AI is bad (litterally can't win without bashing you) Multiplayer is laggy/crashy Game likes crashing You may play a game for ~8 hours but then as inevitable victory draws near you find yourself thinking "I just wasted 8 hours of my life...) Difficulty is artificial (The AI get so many stupid bonuses that they bash you with 10s of units with absolutely NO tactics and you can just rekt them with 4. The combat minigame (thats what it is) has no challenge in it, and no challenge is no reward, this is a grand strategy, the whole point is reward at the end of a long, fun, ENJOYABLE (possibly stressful) journey) I've finished 2 games in 400 hours of playing. I regret every second of it.
game-hours: 1254.1
review: After trying to play it for a few hours i decided i didnt like it very much,
game-hours: 50.2
review: I'm playing Sid Meier's Civilization since it was released in 1991. However, it is totally annoying to watch the game getting more and more worse over the last decades. While Civ I and II were great games in their times, Civ V seems to be the greatest fake on earth and not a game that deserves to be called Civilization. How so? First, the AI didn't improve in any way, regardless of your settings they never learned to make a proper attack or be in any way a challenge for a human player. You can watch senseless moves and attacks leading to high losses on NPC side although this could have been easily avoided. If you ask yourself whether this game might be easy to win on each difficult level - the answer is unfortunately "no". This is just because the NPCs get advances and didn't need to be in line with the game's rules (not only on high difficult levels). This way the developers tried to compensate the  AI. Even the smart interfaces known from Civ II have totally disappeared. The game doesn't manage to save all of your settings (e.g., if you exceed the number of default NPCs on large maps). Thus, you have to make the same settings over and over again if you want to restart a game to get more interesting maps. The map generator tends to create quite boring maps and even if you choose to play on good old earth the engine doesn't manage to place the starting position of the civilizations appropriately. The game doesnt have interfaces providing a good overview or making the controls more comfortable. Within the later game you spend your time with scrolling through confusing lists. Overall it just makes a fan sad to see in how many ways it is possible to worsen a game that basically has a good core concept. So I can't recommend this game - at least not in single player mode.
game-hours: 121.3
review: Go and buy Civ 4 Complete if you want to play a better game then this disaster. civ 4 wins in every aspect (besides the graphics)
game-hours: 53.0
review: can't be hitler...
game-hours: 99.2
review: The game is 4 years old and still has bugs that remove the enjoyability of the game do not play this try and earlier civ game where they actually fix the bugs.... (oh they fix the bugs if you buy all the expansions but vanilla game no...)
game-hours: 1264.8
review: This game is fun and highly addictive. So much so that I cannot in good conscience reccomend it. You will spend far to much of your life having fun leading your empire to vicotory when you should probably be out spending time with your friends, family, and co-workers.
game-hours: 598.9
review: tl;dr version: Civ V on its own: not just no, but hell no. Civ V + Brave New World: hell yes. this is a review for Civ V on its own. No DLC. Civ V is easily the worst game in the series. It seems unfinished. Buggy. Short on content. Inordinately dumbed down. Insultingly easy. Its missing basic core features present in other Civ games. AI civs will declare war for no reason. It sucks! BUT! The Brave New World DLC makes it really good. Why? It basically adds all the  that should have been present in the game at the very start. BNW also tweaks many of the insultingly crude features that obviously (likely intentionally) weren't finalized in the core release.
game-hours: 79.0
review: The rule of the "not more than one unit" for each emplacement is totally silly. The possibility to buy units and buildings make the gameplay strange. The game is really boring, with no interest even in MP. The only interesting aspect and improvement is on the religious matter (but you need the DLC). Civ4 is far, far, far better.
game-hours: 117.3
review: Misleading title There were no civilizations named V
game-hours: 60.7
review: Do you like having fun? Then do a 360 and walk away.
game-hours: 42.5
review: People are always saying that this game is only good with the expansions. That is true, so while this game is good {with expansion} are you really willing to pay an extra 30 bucks to make this game ''good'' {in other words, the game is technically 60 bucks for a 3 year old game}.
game-hours: 20.2
review: I'm sorry, this game is a disgrace to the Civilization name. Either keep playing Civilization IV or check out Europa Universalis. They're both 10x the games this is. Civ5's poor AI, broken pacing/progression, and 1UPT made the game an exercise in tedium. I've played Civs 2, 3, and 4 extensively. And at my best for each game, I was able to compete against the AI about half way up the difficulty chain, and that was with conditions favorable to me. In Civ5, I can thoroughly thrash the AI at the highest difficulty settings; I almost have to give myself a handicap in order to level the playing field. Civ5's 1 unit per tile, or 1UPT, has got to be the most idiot decision I've ever seen in a Civ game. Any attempts to move troops around the map are now so tedious, you just want to drop the game entirely. Combine this with the game's broken pacing problems I mentioned earlier, and you'll be spending the majority of your time simply moving pieces around the board. For example, you develop gunpowder. In the time it takes you to build your first musketman, and get him anywhere near the enemy, you'll have researched rifling and made that musketman instantly obsolete. Fortunately, since the AI is dumb as a brick. I really hope 1UPT gets a major revamp in Civ: Beyond Earth, or I'll be avoiding that game. :/ Civilization 5 actively punishes you for having a large civilization. The more cities you have, the less gold you make (WTF?!), the more resources it takes to build city improvements, and generally makes the game bog down into even more extreme tedium. As you can imagine, this pretty much excludes the largest maps and marathon game sessions. In order to avoid the bulk of the tedium, you will find yourself playing on smaller maps. Civilization was always about the long, multi-week games, not the quick match that ends in a couple hours. Here's hoping that Civilization VI brings the game back to its roots and restored its good name. But with the modern attitudes of 'streamlining', micro transactions, and more DLC than you can shake a stick at, I'm not optimistic.
game-hours: 38.7
review: just stick with civ 4 this game has had all the fun and magic sucked out by Ghandi who whoever. BUt seriously something in this just doesnt work you dont feel like your civ is in any way special the removed some of the best elements of Civ 4 and while progess is always great this is going in the wrong direction. simplied and terrible felt like the xbox revolutions game
game-hours: 1.1
review: Not as good as the classics, like Civ 3 and its part conquests
game-hours: 293.8
review: This is one of the worst games out there, and that is for several reasons including an error lately that says "The App Is Already Running", the game stuffs up on reasolutions above 1080p (That is 2560 * 1440, 2560 * 1600 and 3840 * 2160 which I have all tried) and this game ruined concepts from Civilization IV such as Civic's, also Sidmiers has discontinued Colonisation.
game-hours: 22.8
review: pls no
game-hours: 765.3
review: The customer support for this community is unresponsive, and fails to let paying CUSTOMERS PLAY THEIR GAME. This is unacceptable. I want to know who is going to be fired for this.
game-hours: 15.5
review: Shouldn't prompt me every single time for which version of directx I want to run. Unskippable videos when the app finally does launch reminding me it's 2k games and other junk. Mandatory click to continue screen about online ratings is pointless. Steamcloud saves do not sync between Mac and Windows. This is why I bought the game.
game-hours: 13.0
review: I don't think it is my kind of game. 10/10 would purchase a game more than 30$ to strike earthquakes at continents.
game-hours: 20.6
review: I feel fairly strongly about the way in which Civ V (The base game) is a back-step for the franchise, but my feeling is likely not typical. The major reason I found the un-expanded Civilization V to be such a let down stems from its lack of ability for story telling. That is, Civ V does not centralize the choices you make for your civilization as being part of a story. You cannot, for example, become a fascist Iroquois nation, or a communist islamic America. This is because when you choose governments, it's more about choosing the bonuses, and it does not particularly state "America, Communist" as it used to do in trade and information screens in the previous game. In this civ, the emphasis is placed on selecting policies that give game benefits but don't exactly correspond to real-world idealogies that we can connect to and tell stories about. Instead of saying "This one time, when I played as Ghandi, I built a fascist nationalist india and nuked everyone" This time, you're saying things like "I played as India, and took the policies that made my people better warriors, and kicked ". The difference is subtle, but it ruined a lot of the charm and fun of Civ III and Civ IV for me. Especially when a lot of the game's appeal is to be found in writing a different kind of civil history that has recognizable ideas and notions utilized in odd ways. Without the storytelling (roleplaying, you could even say) charm of its predecessors, Civ V feels more like a hollow boardgame than ever, devoid of personality. I do not recommend this game. However, I cannot speak to the changes brought by Brave New World as I have not played it. 6.7/10
game-hours: 74.7
review: every civ in the game is at war with me and i have 30 unhappiness send help my cities are rebelling
game-hours: 1.7
review: its boring, lame and waste of time! its kind of bulls***!
game-hours: 95.3
review: I love this game. The reason I dont recommend it is you'll end up doing nothing all day because of this game. I usually play this on hotseat mode with a friend and one time, I was nearly charged of kidnapping because she stayed in the house for 36 hours.
game-hours: 169.0
review: this game is terrible kil yourselfses
game-hours: 51.3
review: Really tried to get into this game after playing previous titles but it's just not as good.
game-hours: 1326.3
review: No exit to windows button. Havent left the house in months.
game-hours: 131.7
review: The death of the civilization series. Get Civ 4 - BTS, its actually a good game.
game-hours: 1091.9
review: Omg they broke my game paid a total of well over 120 euro's and now they broke my game !!
game-hours: 19.2
review: I played Civ 4 for several years. I got the disk of both Civ 4 and Civ 5 before I upgraded from dial up. (Downloading the required stuff from steam on dial up for Civ 5 SUCKED!) I liked Civ 5 for one reason only. It looked nice. Every thing about it looked nice. Game play, it fails. Civ 4 allowed you to stack units on each other. I'm not lying when I say I once had 32 tanks sitting on one tile, sitting just outside my enemy's capital city while my missile cruisers rained guided missiles down upon everything non-friendly within a 4 tile radius of the enemy city. Those were the days... before my friends realized they could fight back... Tangent aside, I would recommend Civ 4 beyond the sword before I'd even admit to owning Civ 5. For all of you that like it, I do apologize, but if you look at the time I've played it, you'll see that I did give it a fair chance. Edit June 9, 2014: I can no long er recommend Civ 4 Beyond the Sword. Gamefly no longer supports the multiplayer and Steam's attempt to do so is worse than bad. Until the multiplayer is fixed, I can not suggest, in all honesty, any multiplayer options for the Civilization franchise.
game-hours: 1.5
review: this game isnt fun
game-hours: 544.6
review: There is a annoying bug in this game that has been in there sinse the day I started playing it (+/- 1 year ago). The deveopers have yet to fix this bug but they show no intentions of fixing it. Ones the bug occurs your workers will forget the orders each time you press the end trun button. This means that most of your play time you will be giving the same orders to your workers that you just gave them 1 turn ago. This game is very nice if it wasn't for for this bug. It completely kills the game for me. Looking on the internet this bug seems to be there since 2010. This is just not acceptable.
game-hours: 368.7
review: multiplayer networking is buggy as fk. map sizes do not scale well at all with system resources.
game-hours: 18.6
review: The AI is schizophrenic.
game-hours: 0.1
review: load of
game-hours: 0.1
review: zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
game-hours: 105.2
review: The game is good but alot of buggy especially Brave new world DLC..... wasted usd 29.9 on a piece of crap.
game-hours: 71.6
review: Boring as hell, every game goes the exact same and the computer just steamrolls over you.
game-hours: 722.1
review: turn 442 in bnw- consistent crash. Problem in Russian localization, but it still not good enough.
game-hours: 0.1
review: I BOUGHT THE GAME WHAT THE HECK i had i on my old account witch was hilacked and lost then i used the DISK I BOUGHT and itinstalled and worked now i have to buy it
game-hours: 206.3
review: NEVER BUY AS GANDHI IS NUCLEAR HITLER
game-hours: 6.5
review: Does not work, freezes after the opening cinematic. Steam will not refund, and it's happening to tons of users all while not being solved. Don't risk your cash for ANOTHER one of Steams broken games. Finally got it to load, went thought the tutorial, still don't like it, mainly bdue to at the end when victory is assured you have to spend 2 hours clicking attack,attack to whittle down the last 2 crappy cities
game-hours: 136.5
review: Can't even stack units, i tried for hours but it wouldn't work so don't buy this game. 3/10 poor quality
game-hours: 5.4
review: This is good game but it should more of phone, tablet, or iPod and you shouldn't have to pay $30 for it.
game-hours: 270.3
review: lol jk
game-hours: 0.7
review: I tried getting into this game, tried living through and understanding the mass of the text walls but... It's boring, that's all I can say.
game-hours: 109.6
review: The multiplayer is terrible lol
game-hours: 11.6
review: Not worth it. Stay with CIV 4. I tried to like this game, but its not catching on. Civ 4 had more "polish" and was a very good game, CIV 5 even with the expansion packs just does not compare to CIv4.
game-hours: 641.6
review: At the very minimum "Sid Meier's Civilization V" requires "Brave New World" and "Gods & Kings" to be playable. If you want to join the multiplayer scene at all these expansion packs are absolutely needed.
game-hours: 0.2
review: Pretty weak compated to Civ 3 & 4.
game-hours: 36.9
review: honestly, buy the complete edition, it saves you money, and whatever you do dont buy the standard at all if you only want to play classic.
game-hours: 434.8
review: I love civ. its a wonderful series. i do recomend it. BUT if i had bought civ 5 when it came out for full price and paid full price for the expansions i would have spent $120 on civ 5 and the game still would not be finished.civ has gone down the money grubbing DLC route with this. Civ 5 was a dumbed down civ 4 with better mechanics. then the first expansion came out adding back all the great features that they removed from civ 4. then brave new world adding the rest and making a few more. It is an incomplete and thus i must vote it down.
game-hours: 141.7
review: After having played additional scenarios, I have had to revise my previous "recommend" endorsement of the game. Time consuming, mildly challenging, achievement-chasing, really bizarre logic scenarios and actions, frustrating nation expansion obstacles (my last playthrough saw me building my capital on a river that was within 2 tiles of the ocean on one side, and that also fed into the ocean on the other side, yet I was still unable to construct worker boats or naval fleets) all added up to "It's enjoyable once, maybe twice; or if you're an achievement chaser. Beyond that, this is an exercise in watching a computer play with itself."
game-hours: 35.4
review: A thoroughly overrated edition. I loved the early editions but so many other developers have evolved the turn-based whereas Civilization seems stuck. Sure you can put hours in but there is zero attention given to internal politics of your political system, interactions with the citizenry is shallow and based on resource plots available to access, relationships with other sovereignties always leaves you for wanting more, and you find yourself at every game racing for city establishment without much to say about what goes on within the territory around the city itself. Civilization has made itself the most base of games of this genre. It's fun as an introduction to the genre but I doubt anyone who plays others of this kind touch Civilization afterwards. This is for gamers who are looking for something easy, uninvolved, and consistent. If you are accustomed to playing geo-political strategy games that are turn-based I would urge you to put your finances elsewhere. You are buying a name with this franchise, I've played a lot of every one of them, and I'm always disappointed at how little is improved beyond eye candy and other superficialities. For those considering a purchase I would recommend the Paradox games Crusader Kings 2 and Europa Universalis IV. Your games will feel fuller, your gains in territory will be experienced truly as a victory, and maintenance of your power from hungry vassals or greedy children will keep your budding empire from falling away. Sid, it's time to start making games for gamers again and stop reproducing the same tired stuff every few years!
game-hours: 17.4
review: The most boring game i have ever played. DEFInetly do not reccomend
game-hours: 174.5
review: iest AI in the world. Instead of making them smart, harder difficulties just give the AI stupid amounts of resources and eliminate penalties they might otherwise get for doing stupid . Really, Really Bad
game-hours: 2.4
review: in-game , Lithuania is only city state. and it belongs to poland!? 0/10 Racist. fix this . (i know in history, it belonged , once , for short time , to poland, but my god, its independed now, belongs to lithuania)
game-hours: 72.1
review: alliance then war next turn and
game-hours: 415.3
review: Sid My a$$ unlocked the Greed Policy
game-hours: 6.9
review: how do i plai
game-hours: 11.3
review: Not a huge fan of this game. It was too easy, and emphasized military conquest. After 10 hours I got completely bored.
game-hours: 1.3
review: no
game-hours: 887.5
review: Buggy as hell. Well over half the time doesnt start in Steam. Steam really sucks, and their online support is terrible.
game-hours: 669.9
review: I reslly found this game very very affending becasues it lacks the ability to slap Ghandi on the fore head with curry / Sir Henry Jones Of Wales P.S i realy like sid meier did yoou know that me and sid go wayyyyyyy back to the summer of 1969 in oxford univercity
game-hours: 54.0
review: #OMG DIS GAEM IS SOOOOOO HARD. LIKE HARDUR DEN MI BOIFREND'S DIK (end dats prety hard) OMG GANDY NOOKED ME LEIK TWEICE #OMG #GANDYNOOOO #NOOKED #DISGAYMEZHARD
game-hours: 181.5
review: this sucks
game-hours: 156.2
review: This game is a bad. IT's just another rip off of Pulp Fiction
game-hours: 102.6
review: This is the worst game in existence. Billions of hours have been poured into my game and guess what? Raptor-Jesus descended from Heaven and destroyed everything that I loved. Hundreds of my beloved Giant Death Robots died in the cataclysm and Thousands of my XCom units perished in the slaughter. All I wanted was a fun time, but you know what? That Maria Theresa is a little . #BISMARCKFTW
game-hours: 67.5
review: It's like Civilzation IV without the features. Sure, the new Hex system is a much needed improvment, but don't be fooled. The DX 10 and DX 11 modes are for the leader windows only, the gamespace is rendered in DX9. A great deal of features that were in the base game of Civilziation IV were stripped from Civ V and placed into two outragrously expensive DLCs. The basegame itself is playable, and in all honest not quite as bad as it may sound here. But don't be fooled, unless you buy the complete edition you're screwing yourself out of either a lot of gameplay or a lot of money.
game-hours: 100.2
review: My 4-slot toaster has a better multiplayer experience.
game-hours: 39.7
review: Boring game, Civ 3 was a lot better, payed 50 dollars for a very boring and limited game with more things added later on with expansion packs when it should of already been in game when released. I miss the early 2000s when games came out complete with everything, What i mean by "Complete with everything", I mean with everything that should be in the game from release, but now big game companies release "expansion packs" or "DLC" when these content should of already been included in a $50 dollars game. This game seems to basic and simple to me, Civ 3 is way more immersive and complex.
game-hours: 596.1
review: This game will ruin your life. Stay far, far away for the love of God.
game-hours: 24.3
review: Before I get going on this you must understand that i have played Civ 3 for like 2000 hrs and skipped Civ 4 straight to this game so i dont know how Civ 4 plays, so this will be a total comparison to Civ 3. With that out of the way i have to say that i do not really recomend this game, it is a step back from what i used to play years ago. you cannot have a giant army due to resource needs, like you have to have so many of somthing in stock in order to build a military. Also it is nearly impossible to keep your people happy without expanding, but it is expanding that makes them pissed and as a consequence you are left with poor production rates and it takes forever to build anything. One of the things that pissed me off the most i would have to say is that you cannot bomb places without having people viewing the square that you want to bomb. so if you want to bomb a city with planes you have to send a guy within range of the city's bombard range (which they have now) and waste precious manpower for the war effort. In Civ 3 you could make thirty thousand planes and bomb your enemies into the stone age, now you have like 5 planes that get hit by flying rocks and damaged, so if you use them in consecutive turns you risk losing them. I do not like that the cities have a bombard ability, especially since you dont get to use big armies, some may say it makes it faster but i disagree. in any attacks that me and my friend have done we have lost half our troops before we even get to hit the city, and the ones that do make it get killed because the city gets to attack you everytime you attack them, and anytime before you get guns it is suicide to send your people into that. In my opinion there is also less to do. If i was the consumer about to buy this, dont. buy Civ 3, or look into 4, it will be a lot funner for you. if you look back and say "well the graphics are " well i would rather have a  car that lasts forever and is fun to drive than have a porche that isnt fun to drive.
game-hours: 34.0
review: Fun to play for a while, but comparing to Civilization IV this game is absolut crap.
game-hours: 18.9
review: I play this game maybe once every three months when my friend convinces me after hours of begging to start a game with him. I have never in my life actually completed a full game of Civ V, and I will never in my life play this game by myself. I mean it's fun for what it is, but it's not fun enough for me to sink more than an hour in without getting bored out of my mind.
game-hours: 75.2
review: I can't find it in myself to delete this game. However, that's not an endorsement. Basically it's Civilization. The "fixes" and updates have added some new goals which are worth trying. I don't have any complaints in the new mechanics particularly, or the progression scheme..or graphics. But basically it's still just Civilization with a couple add ons...not a major new evolution of the franchise. Been there done that.
game-hours: 32.4
review: This game is soooooooooooooooooooooooo BORING!!
game-hours: 23.3
review: This game requires so much patience. But that is the entire problem with this game. I have ZERO. Civ V is a really good game for what is... a strategy game. With that being said, this is the most uninteresting, most boring game I have ever played... EVER. If i had more patience I might like it but until they make an update or something instead of always doing the same thing; making a city, make the pyramids and then continue. You don't have to take my word for it if YOU like strategy games then get it. You will realize that your wife left you for some  game that is the same  over and over again. Anyway don't trust Gandhi.
game-hours: 13.4
review: Next turn........Wait Please.........Next Turn........Wait Please..........
game-hours: 16.1
review: In my humble opinion Civilization has gone worse with each number. If we take a look at the direction, the change is obvious. The game has changed from historical and real TO silly and toy/cartoon like. The game has changed from diverse INTO "stupified for those who play console games". Lots of options have been taken away on each Civ. I want to choose to have 50 aztec civ on super small map if I so like. Who are the game makers to say I cant? Instead they decide what you want. No thanks.
game-hours: 22.6
review: I regret buying this game. I preordered it for full price. Lesson learned.
game-hours: 7.7
review: I have so much trouble getting this game to work. I have tried it on 3 different computers and it hasn't worked on any of them. I am so disappointed because I was a real Civ fan. I am going to return it to the store and call it quits after a week of trying!
game-hours: 32.5
review: I love strategy games, but this one is too long, add to that that is turn based and is really long to finish a game
game-hours: 7.4
review: TL:DR There is a fine line strategy games try to walk, be simple enough so that any player can learn the basic mechanics while still being hard to master. Civ 5 does not walk that line very well. Go buy Crusader Kings II. I have played quite a bit of Civ 5, but I have spent thousands upon thousands of hours on Sid Mier's Alpha Centauri and Civ IV. Alpha Centauri was and still is the spiritual predecessor to the Civ franchise. And to be frank Civ 5 is a badly updated copy of Alpha Centauri. Almost every mechanic, especially in the early game, is almost directly pulled from AS except with hexes instead of squares. There are quite a few reservations about the game, here are a few. Firstly, the research system trees at work in Civ 5 are too fast and has no real impact on the game as every player will generally upgrade along the same path. Sure you can accelerate the general increase in research which might give you an edge, but specialization into a certain field is not advantageous because the relationship between research difficulty and value of the research. A better system of research would be found in Galactic Civilizations II in which there is an advantage of picking one line of research and sticking with it. Such a system allows for more planning and risk/reward calculation which makes these games fun. With Civ V it seems like research selection has no impact. Also there are sometimes too many bonii for certain research techs. Having a tech modify 5 different disparate stats cheapens the focus of the research in the players, and confuses the objective the player would be attempting to accomplish though the research. One big bonus is better than 5 small ones. Civ V seems so 'addicting' because of the farmville effect. You are building something that is 'yours' and want to see it thrive. Although all turn based strategy games suffer from this, I feel like Civ V relies on it too heavily. The use of barbarians to make the begining game interesting is relied on too heavily and a poorly implemented mechanic. At least in Alpha Centauri the 'barbarians' (mind worms) could be captured by those factions who had a positive ecological score, and also had an entirely independent upgrade tree and even could be manufactured with the right tech. Terraforming also allowed one to attempt to control the spawning of mind worms but also had a risk reward (you could piss off the planet too much and invite super-mindworms). Barbarians in Civ V seem like slowly growing pots of gold. In attempt to solve this overall problem of pace you could speed up research, but that would just accelerate the meaningless turn clicking. Growth rates in cities and settler production need to be increased in the normal game settings to allow the player to fool around with multiple cities instead of clicking 'end turn' 5 times
game-hours: 17.8
review: Google earth: but with tech trees is the most laugable excuse for a video game I've ever played. Here's pros and cons. PROS- Map Hexagons Indians Ghandi CONS- Worst game I've ever played
game-hours: 4.2
review: Most boring game that i've ever played. Wouldn't suggest getting it unless you want to die from a case of extreme boredom.
game-hours: 1.5
review: Felt Boring to me compared to Ages of Empire 2.
game-hours: 9.3
review: Biggest waste of 50 bucks ever. I have spent hours trying to get this  game to work with no avail. I am getting an error like a million others and there is not fix for it. DO NOT BUY OR USE THIS SERVICE!!!! My first and last time.
game-hours: 171.8
review: played a game with graphics and map mods, didn't get any cheevos 9.5/10 it's alright - ign
game-hours: 1.1
review: boring
game-hours: 0.3
review: Absolutely detestfull. , 2009 graphics and a boring slowpaced peice of ing  turn based gameplay system. This game is easily one of the biggest whates of money i have ever invested into.  civ5. As soon as you get into the game hardly anything is explained, and it is incredibly hard to work out what the actual objective ing is. Total dog .
game-hours: 12.5
review: BADA BAP Bap im hating it! because the way you play god if i were to be given a timemachine i would go back and not buy this game!!!!
game-hours: 5.3
review: Turn base iz teh !
game-hours: 1.7
review: only good for some hours as a bargain. did not evolve much.
game-hours: 298.4
review: The Gameplay is great but it takes forever for the next turn to begin later in the game :-(
game-hours: 0.2
review: Yeah idk...
game-hours: 0.7
review: too much
game-hours: 7.1
review: no its sucks monkey ballz
game-hours: 5.4
review: Complete Trash Worst Game known to hummanity
game-hours: 1.4
review: Beep boop I am simulating a person having fun at a vidya game. Beep Boop. The enemy is attackiong. Oh no. Grow crops. Traint teh armies. WHEE WOO WHEE WOO oh no. OOh no. Get a beat down. Army attack. Grand ball of dance and wisdom. Of fiht fgight fight
game-hours: 26.3
review: this game is tedious do not buy it If you are somebody who likes turn based games go ahead. zzz
game-hours: 63.1
review: too long
game-hours: 1.1
review: Not really my type.
game-hours: 284.4
review: I love that I pay for a game then the stream servers are too busy to let me play it... Always. I've been a civilization player since the beginning but now i hate it. I hate stream. I just want to play my game that I paid my money for. Again, I really hate your company. Go f*** yourselves. Thanks
game-hours: 591.7
review: At this time, this game is priced as an AAA game title, when it is more of a Deluxe Mod of Civ 5. It is also in more of a Beta state than a finished state, with some glaring and a few shocking features not available. I would highly suggest waiting till several patches, and also several price drops happen before purchasing. After that, it may be worth the purchase and somewhat enjoyable.
game-hours: 2.8
review: 0/10 would not buy
game-hours: 0.3
review: one word JUNK
game-hours: 7.3
review: This is one of the most boring games I have ever played, I strongly recommend you do not buy this.
game-hours: 14.6
review: IS A PIECE OF GARBAGE UNLESS YOU HAVE THE DLC
game-hours: 31.0
review: The pricing structure for this DLC is so bad, I want to cut my eyes out. Buying two expansions is more expensive than the game, and the $120 worth of DLC. I can't even....
game-hours: 51.9
review: This game makes you lose your family.
game-hours: 10.1
review: Boring, tedious compulsion. Addictive in the same numbers watching way that WoW is. Despite myself I'll gladly end up putting another 50 hours into this game despite not really enjoying a minute of it. You've got nothing to gain by opening the Civ V door. Next Turn. Please Wait. Next Turn. Please Wait. Next Turn. Please Wait. Next Turn. Please Wait. Next Turn. Please Wait. Next Turn. Please Wait. Next Turn. Please Wait. Next Turn. Please Wait. Next Turn. Please Wait. Next Turn. Please Wait. Next Turn. Please Wait. Next Turn. Please Wait. Next Turn. Please Wait. Next Turn. Please Wait. Next Turn. Please Wait. Next Turn. Please Wait. Next Turn. Please Wait. Next Turn. Please Wait. Next Turn. Please Wait. Next Turn. Please Wait. Next Turn. Please Wait. Next Turn. Please Wait. Next Turn. Please Wait. Next Turn. Please Wait. Next Turn. Please Wait. Next Turn. Please Wait. Next Turn. Please Wait. Next Turn. Please Wait. Next Turn. Please Wait. Next Turn. Please Wait. Next Turn. Please Wait. Next Turn. Please Wait. Next Turn. Please Wait. Next Turn. Please Wait. Next Turn. Please Wait. UPDATE: Thankfully I escaped before the 50 hour mark. An estimated 3/4 of my time played was spent waiting.
game-hours: 221.1
review: This game ruined mai life.
game-hours: 55.9
review: The game tends to crash in multiplayer.
game-hours: 168.8
review: I loathe this game. I've never had fun playing it. And yet I keep coming back to it like an abused housewife.
game-hours: 0.5
review: THIS game is absolutely stunning. Beautiful graphics combined with amazing core gameplay and sheer strategy just blows me away. The fundamentals take a steep curve in your learning capabilities but once you get the hang of it, it becomes a beautifully solid game. Absolutely great strategy game with awesome capabilities. 20/10 would bang twice
game-hours: 112.5
review: Too much DLC, The game is OK but there's no focus on a concrete line, the game without dlc is TROLLED incomplete!
game-hours: 567.6
review: Civ IV was the height of the franchise. In addition to a very boring mid/end game (your only real win scenario is militariy conquest) every six months or so it seems that there are Civ V enhancements released that should have been in the original game. Only you now you get to pay again for what in the end is still a deeply flawed military conquest game.
game-hours: 79.3
review: I liek dis game, it gud game. Make happy many deyz of wiek, yay 4 killing and democrazy. C5 is rully gud.
game-hours: 80.5
review: I've gone off the Civilization games since Civ 3 they just seem to have lost their magic ingredients for me. I loved the road building and the throne room, fighting the animals, the way it felt like you were really building a massive empire and the way the game felt quite realistic. But once they started settling on a new graphical direction for the game and water it down to simply a fighting game, it soon became apparent that this cartoony game was not really for me any longer. I do occasionally revisit it and my daughter likes it but in all the time I have had Civ 3, 4 and 5 I have never once got any further than Cavalry in the game - I get bored my then and give up.
game-hours: 3.3
review: Just buy Civ 4 instead. They screwed up everything that was great about Civ. Civ 1 - 4 were my favortie games ever and this is just garbage. What happened in development?
game-hours: 56.0
review: - .     .  -  : - ,       ,     -   ? -    ,     .  - ,   .
game-hours: 82.7
review: DLC for this is stupidly expensive.
game-hours: 16.6
review: I have played Civilization since the very first one and after spending $60 on this game when it came out I am sad to say I will no longer be playing this series. The best game in the series BY FAR is Civilization IV (4). Civilization V (5) ruined every aspect of the series that I found entertaining. I can't mass my units, the hex system is a huge bummer, and the game is slow and clunky. They needed WAYYY more polish than they were willing to put into it for being a major game series. I read an article online where the lead game designer even admitted that he messed up, which just confirmed what I already know, This game SUCKS. Thanks for ruining my hopes of playing Civilization in the future. PS- Would love to get my $60 back from this terrible game.
game-hours: 44.1
review: This review is for the base game and some of the early packs. Maybe "Gods & Kings" or "Brave New World" fix the cons? I wouldn't know. I have not played prior Civ games either. Pros: Excellent graphics, nice hex grid system, and of course addicting "one more turn" gameplay. Cons: Lots of bugs! Pathfinding can be bad (especially for long distances), workers sometime stop, uh, working when the map fills up, and sometimes my turn gets broken into multiple pieces as new city-states are discovered. Diplomacy and trade opions are extremely, disappointinly minimal. It can take 1000 years for a small or newly-annexed city to build something simple like a courthouse. Movement and war can be very frustrating because much of the terrain incurs penalties, but those are not presented clearly. The game can certainly be fun and addictive... for a little while. However if you're looking for a long-term world civilization sim, the cons here will eventually wear on you and outweigh the pros.
game-hours: 99.9
review: 10/10 best game ever
game-hours: 473.3
review: I can't play the game. This is the only game I have yet to figure out how to run. It crashes 10 minutes into the game on a 9 month old system.
game-hours: 43.1
review: You know it's a good game when you keep pressing "Play Game" in the store during the trial version but it won't let you play it at all.
game-hours: 15.1
review: Worse civ to today. I'd rather play Alpha Centauri.
game-hours: 10.8
review: Four was just better.... You get hexes yay....
game-hours: 70.8
review: I liked Civ 4 better.
game-hours: 48.1
review: utter
game-hours: 28.0
review: Very good and interesting game in which you lead one of the selected states (civilizations). Starting from BC and ending the future, you can win in several ways. There is also a team game in which you can play with your friends and find out who the best ruler of you!
game-hours: 43.0
review: no gandhi nuke me
game-hours: 7.2
review: I am a veteran civilization player and when I say that I mean I played since the original which I got for my 9th birthday. All the civs were great and were all updated and even better than before but not Civilization 5. When I purchased this game I barely recognized it as civilization game. They over complicated it too and any veteran civ player would probobly agree that defending your cities got way too complicated. In the old civ's you could put as many units as you wanted in the cities. Here you can only have 1 units and you have to surround your city with units. Also the civics and religion just became way too complicated. I have been playing civilization 4 every monday night with me and my friends since it came out and we got through the game at 4 hours tops and that was when we got rid of space race and time victory. With standard settings it takes about 2 hours. In civ 5 I spent about 4 hours playing it SINGLEPLAYER and I didnt even get near the modern era let alone future. Thats wayyy too long. I reccomend buying civ 4 and playing that for a while and then thiunk about buying 5.
game-hours: 2182.3
review: Pros -Not Civ 4 Cons -Boring -Repetitive -Monotonous -Poland UA OP
game-hours: 2.7
review: govno kakoe-to
game-hours: 0.8
review: If we were snails and not humans this game would be a good pace. Alas.
game-hours: 1.6
review: Lol this is a big little kid game. All you do is click on these little toys and fluffly stuffed animals that "look real" and you make them do crap and the game does most of the work for you lol. It takes no skill and it's worst than farmville. It proves that Steam has a bunch of little kidz on it because thousands of kidz play it.
game-hours: 60.3
review: Not good. Civ IV superior. Not bad, but still buy Civ IV.
game-hours: 171.2
review: igra GOVNO sid meer sdelal KAL ya SRAL emu na GOLOVUU
game-hours: 0.7
review: I cannot give any kind of review. I am not able to play due to the game doesn't proceed past the intro when it starts "skipping" like a broken record. Yes, I have all the minimum requirements necessary plus more. I should be able to run and play several games at the same time however, as I said, I cannot even access this one. Best of luck to anyone who is able to play this game.
game-hours: 32.8
review: not good game do not buy its nothing like real world cant even play as the obama WTF? if riot made this game u could play as the obama but not this game! i think that civ5 really missed the ball on this one better luck next time in civ 6 gl also dont buy dont forget.
game-hours: 14.0
review: Broke, buggy, and simply not any fun to play. Stick to Civ IV - a far superior game in every way. There's nothing redeeming about Civ V and I really wish that I hadn't purchased it. I really don't know why magazines gave it such incredible reviews. I really wanted to like this game, having been a fan of the series since I had Civ I on a floppy disk - and I gave this game PLENTY of time for patches, fixes, and gameplay updates and it still stinks. I won't be reinstalling it.
game-hours: 174.6
review: Can't figure why it will not load with the new DLC guess I have to wait for the update
game-hours: 18.3
review: My machine is well exceeds the specs that this game requires. I have never gotten it to run. I think that says it all.
game-hours: 553.3
review: This game has been hacked! It is been used by unkowns and saids I have been on when I have not.
game-hours: 46.2
review: Im afraid one day ill be drinking out of a water fountain and someone will slam my head down.
game-hours: 1.2
review: Meh flash games are better Atleast I got some laughs at how buggy it is
game-hours: 22.3
review: i joke its the best game ever made , and better than rome total war 2 ! must buy it
game-hours: 166.5
review: ths game is so gey i cant even belive it why isnt brock obama in this game he is best americian president gandee is a fukin
game-hours: 219.3
review: Buggy, Buggy, Buggy Now with Gods & Kings, last 3 times I played multiplayer its desynced where one player has advanced a turn (they see turn 16 for example when I see turn 15) and the game just remains frozen. Why cant a simple turn based game be more stable? Surely a simple board-game clone would be at least stable by its 5th incarnation!? I like the game concept, but so sick of its little issues and bugs.
game-hours: 62.4
review: Civ 5 theirs not much to say that has already been said I mean other games have done what this game does but better. Civ I find is much to long and i find myself never finishing games because you have to play one game fo like 20 flippin hours. Also the theme in Civ is ssooooooo boooring I mean its just ;like real life no space of fantasy relams not even intesne future technology, GAYYY. Civ is a strategy which automatically makes it a piece of , oh and did i say their was no campign, yea no campagin or a good one atleast. Overlall i give Civ a.... 10 OUT OF 10 cause is sucks balls, winky face
game-hours: 0.5
review: Its stupid, very slow.... Not like the other RTS's I've ever played. It might seem like explosive war action but its stupid guys walking every where and just kill a group of guys. And you have to wait like 5 mins to attack again. Give me my money back!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 6.5
review: I've never seen so much injustice.
game-hours: 1.6
review: bad
game-hours: 22.7
review: Too expensive for what it has to offer
game-hours: 19.1
review: I'm not sure I understand the appeal of this game. The online is pretty weird and it's far less complex than a TW game even if you take out the real time battles that TW has. I guess I was just dissapointed.
game-hours: 82.0
review: crashes so much after you start getting big in the game dont install unless you have a good computer my brand new laptop with only 2 games installed at this point cant handle it very dissapointed 4 g of memory too was an expencive lesson for what seemed to be a pretty basic looking game
game-hours: 55.5
review: HELLO!!!??? Why is this game crashing all the time in mid game? It is a really good game but with this crash in every game I play, I DONT RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE! DON'T BUY! WASTE UR 30 BUCKS!!
game-hours: 0.5
review: I'm too stupid for this game
game-hours: 12.9
review: Only play this game if you have a lot of patience. Good idea and design, but poorly executed. Everything seems to take so damn long, and when I finally get up to some good tech, the game clock runs out. 6/10
game-hours: 12.1
review: Game will not start worst game ever
game-hours: 1136.2
review: I downloaded the game and it worked for a while, but now it craashes everytime I try to start it up...this game sucks!
game-hours: 11.5
review: Paradox games are that way ->
game-hours: 31.8
review: It's like the devil and a mentally  horse had a baby. If you're sexually attracted to demonized horse fetuses than this is the game for you. If not, go play something fun. It turned me gay.
game-hours: 69.8
review: hexagonz
game-hours: 713.7
review: great game however if steam is down you can't play!!! If you buy a game you should be able to play anytime!!!
game-hours: 149.4
review: FIX THE MULTIPLAYER!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 3.2
review: RIP randy savage.
game-hours: 0.6
review: End Turn doesn't work, on a turn based game, it makes the game pretty pointless.
game-hours: 44.9
review: The worst TBS ever do not waste your money.
game-hours: 471.1
review: crap
game-hours: 0.1
review: The first second I got into this game I thought I turned into a racist.
game-hours: 910.0
review: this game is so  boring
game-hours: 2.2
review: I might need to play a game or two, but after 5 minutes of trialing it, I'm very uninspired. To be fair, I was expecting something else and this was far from it.
game-hours: 7.4
review: all over history! whats not to like
game-hours: 38.9
review: Yeah
game-hours: 71.2
review: ing s lied to me. 0/10 sneaky s stole my money.
game-hours: 26.8
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V is a very enjoyable game. Points detracted for it's treatment of women (almost all of the leaders are men in this game) but otherwise I think it's worth the money. They say that the victors write history; I say that, in actuality, it's the men. Down with the patriarchy.
game-hours: 14.9
review: I really wanted to like this game but in the end I couldn't get into it. The movement tile system is extremely limiting, and to simply move your army a short distance takes quite a while. Also the cities are really screwy - you can't build large cities or your citizens will get angry, so you end up having to build numerous small ones. It's just way too limiting for me, but who knows, maybe you'll like it.
game-hours: 43.8
review: Gandhi nuked me, 2/10.
game-hours: 2.4
review: Civilised Asian 5. Spargo is this your fault (zq bu  n).
game-hours: 139.5
review: NO ALIENS INVASION SETING, NO FUTURE CITYS IN WATER, NO CLIMATE CHANGES, STRANGE WIKI, STUPID AI, LOW FUNCTION IN DIPLOMACY, FREEZES ON BIG MAPS EVERY TURN, NO SETTINGS FOR ERAS, STUPID GAME BALANSE, NO RANDOM EVENTS, NO RANDOM MUSIC, NO RIGHT FOR LETS PLAY......ITS COMERCIAL PRODUCT!!! NOT FOR GAMERS +GRAPHICS +INTERESTING TACTIC BATLLE SYSTEM
game-hours: 0.4
review: I donwloaded the game because it says its free! I playied it for 20 mints and now asks me to purchases it!!!!
game-hours: 0.2
review: It's turn-based.
game-hours: 1.7
review: boring
game-hours: 67.0
review: I really wish I could give this game a good review. The first time I played it when it came out I was pretty hooked. However, with the recent Humble Bundle hype I have returned to play the game more. The problem is I cannot go without crashing no matter what I do. I have literally tried everything from re-installing the game, re-installing drivers, and sitting on 2K support for about an hour. After 24 hours of debugging I still cannot play the game and I have stopped receving help from 2K support. My roommate who has the same specs as I does not have any issues running the game. I have now wasted money on a game with endless amounts of crashing and a lack of support for those having issues. It's not even un-common for this game to crash that often. When trying to search for a solution it seems hundreds are having the same problem. My advice, don't waste your money on this game which you probably can't play anyways.
game-hours: 127.4
review: Skip this title, it is not worth getting. It crashes and it's AI is broken, dreadfully so. This is the lobotomized edition of Civilization, stick with Civilization IV, it at least is worth playing.
game-hours: 91.6
review: Sid Meier should leave humanity for this game.
game-hours: 34.9
review: No. Never. Again.
game-hours: 44.0
review: Like Skyrim, with guns. 0/10 -IGN
game-hours: 212.1
review: 0/10 nuked ghandi's the world wasnt very brave nor new not impressed i demanded a neck beard.
game-hours: 2.5
review: time waste. just ok
game-hours: 88.5
review: no one is civilised 0/10
game-hours: 8.8
review: Savior game. When you get bored play this game. When you get depressed play this game. Very good game. Caution its addictive :D
game-hours: 120.1
review: This game is worth every euro!
game-hours: 330.6
review: It is the kind of game where you keep saying "just this one turn and then i go to bed. An this keeps going untill 5 A.M.
game-hours: 46.0
review: Civ 5 is a fantastic game. The graphics are nice, gameplay is smooth and all factions/countries are balanced. I would recommend this game!
game-hours: 65.3
review: Eat  Ghandi you pacifist .
game-hours: 479.9
review: I love this game, BUT ITS SO ING BUGGY AND CRAHES A TON, as soon as i start it up, it gets to the first loading screen and STOPS WORKING
game-hours: 58.9
review: Civilization is a renowed strategy game franchise for a variety of fair reasons. Few strategy games I have met with such a flexibity in the way you play, and even fewer with the addictiveness this game has. The "One more turn..." options is not entirely a joke, as you'll always sturggle to keep playing. Civilization has mantained a characteristic that difers it from other games, that is the universal focus it has. Not just a military game. Not just a social game. In Civilization V you must pay attention to everything. From the unitis you control, to the number of cities and culture generated and such. When you compare Civilization V with your ancestors, you see that the franchise has really developed, making very much more good changes than bad. Civilization V is worth playing and a must have.
game-hours: 74.0
review: Good game.
game-hours: 47.3
review: fun game tht can last for hours! Great for when nothings going on and you want to have some fun either alone or with friends!
game-hours: 44.7
review: So addictive.. bought with all the DLC and it was worth it!
game-hours: 31.7
review: A brill strategy game that can lead you away from boredom anytime, anywhere.
game-hours: 271.6
review: An astounding game all by itself and with steam workshop support, possible playtime is basically infinite. Buy this game.
game-hours: 1157.8
review: best turn based strategy out there. hands down. video game heroin.
game-hours: 75.6
review: made ghandi found catholicism and killed america with war elephants in 1000bc
game-hours: 318.0
review: Best strategy game I've played
game-hours: 350.6
review: Civilization V is an amazing game that has endless replay potential. I have never learned as much from a game as I have from the Civilization game series. Often I will be watching the History Channel and realize how well the game implements the impacts of great world wonders on the growth of your civ. A must for all gamers with dreams of conquest.
game-hours: 266.8
review: This game is literally crack. 10/10
game-hours: 42.8
review: It's Civ.. what's not to love?! I've lost track of time playing this game and love every bit of it.. Love it or hate it, they did an excellent job on this game :)
game-hours: 23.8
review: I have problem, I bought civ V and after it DLC. But I can't find DLC and there are not any available hosts for such type..I spent my money..for what? And also spent my time for trying to install DLC correct. Linux Ubuntu 14.04 LTS.
game-hours: 77.9
review: The only negative I can think of is how quickly you can get sucked in.
game-hours: 144.5
review: 50 Hours into your latest save, all is going well. Only 3 leaders left Gandhi, Caesar and Washington. you draft an 'end game' plan in your mind, you will make friends with Gandhi (for obvious reasons he's chill) then procede to befriend Caesar. Then you will take out Washington because he is a  and did not accept an open border agreement 3000 years prior HE MUST PAY. 20 turns later all is going to plan, we are now on Washingtons doorstep, Gandhi and Caesar appear to love and probably fear your superpower nation. All we need to do is eliminate the pesky Americans and ith all our military now on American soil this should not take long. Then after the swift invasion of America we will make a vote for world peace at the U.N (in rome of course) with our new found Indian and Roman brethren it is a sure win! But all of a sudden the distant droning of nuclear sirens start, quickly they become louder and louder, "what is this!?" you think to yourself, a false alarm? You shrug it off maybe Caesae bombing a city state. The game pauses... Gandhi appears on the screen, with a sinister grin he shouts "WAR" in your face. Only seconds after you see a gut wrenching sight. The camera focuses on a nuclear submarine stationed just off the coast of your pride and joy, the capital of your glorious nation. You then hear a rumble, just seconds after a nuclear warhead emerges from the previously hidden submarine, you realise it is too late... you can only watch as the missle closes in. As your city goes up in a giant cloud there are short lived screams from your beloved people, then silence. Before what had just occurred had sunk in, before you could make rescue efforts to save your much loved citizens the humming of quiet engines fall upon your ears. Suddenly countless 'stealth bombers' appear seemingly out of no where, soon the sky is blackened by planes, the game falls almost silent only the whistle of falling bombs remains. You faint from the shock of what is unfolding. You awake shortly after, Gandhi is still flattening what remains of your once prosperous empire, now with 'giant death robots' making the most of his seemingly never ending turn. As Gandhi clinically and relentlessly razes what's left of your broken nation all you can do is weep, your people hacked down in their prime and your glorious nation so mighty just minutes before has just been been all but eliminated in 1 turn. Why oh why did you turn of autosave? did it really speed your game up? was it worth it? Ghandi is a complete , he acts like your friend but WILL nuke the  out of you if even the slightest oppurtunity presents itself. 10/10
game-hours: 2601.2
review: I only played a little but it was fun.
game-hours: 316.9
review: It's like crack. You keep telling yourself 'just one more turn'. but then you realize you've been sitting in your underwear for for 36 hours and you've forgotten to check on your wife who gave birth to your baby last night.
game-hours: 3979.9
review: Made me obsessed, destroyed my social life, gave me and irrational fear of Gandhi. and made me invest countless hours into destroying civilizations. 12/10 potatoes
game-hours: 126.6
review: -playing as the US -explores and finds siam -befriends siam -finds greece -greece is a  and invades -gets in a war with greece -takes 2 greek cities and returnes the rest -greece is happy -sails to new lands and finds all other nations -befirends russia and china -gets in a foolish war with siam not knowing that every nation exept china and russia is friends with siam -feels sad because everyone hates me -makes peace with siam because im feeling guilty for being a warmonger -people start being nice to me -feels happy, only germany and arabia are guarded, everyone else is friendly -china asked me to declaire war on arabia even though he has done nothing to me -I decline because Ive decided to be an example to the civilized world -china declares war on and denounces me -germany declares war on me -every nation on earth exept for russia declaires war on me -me and russia vs. the world -I have 3 nukes and no one else has any -cant make myself use them -steamroll enemy city states south of me -steamroll greece to the north -steamroll native american settlements on some islands near me -siam discovers urainum -siam is confirmed to have nuclear power plant -must stop siam from getting nukes -US gunships race to punch a hole in siams defences -all reserve units are embarked for the invasion with destroyer escorts -gunships meet uber heavy resistance -invasion due in 2 turns -russia is being cut off from US aid -sends paratroopers to break the siege of moscow -fails due to being outnumbered 20:1 -D-Day in siam -steamrolls siam until only capital left -no sign of atomic weapons -100,000 troops surrounding the capital -air raid sirens -siam nukes himself four times along with most of my troops -paras mop up and capture the capital -sad music -all other nations in shock -we mourn our fallen troops -all nations make peace in the next 4 turns -we all are sad -decides war must end for good -changes course for diplomatic victory -starts work on UN -becomes allies with 19 city states -all nations live in realitive peace -finishes UN -wins vote -wins game 10/10 no feels like this in a game before.
game-hours: 14.1
review: When Gandhi or Ethiopia comes to your doorstep with gifts of gold, dyes, and ivory, take my advice. Ready all your tanks and nukes, arm them, AND SHOOT THEM LIKE YOUR LIFE DEPENDS ON IT. They are evil, traitorous demons. NEVER TRUST THEM. However, Genghis Khan is my best friend. He came up to me and was all like, "De full do bu la chi mendo." And I said, "Okay! Let's be friends!" I can never understand that guy, but something about our relationship just works. Ghandi Hating Simulator 2014 11/10
game-hours: 51.1
review: You'll decide to play for an hour and you'll realize four days later that your wife left you, but you're so close to killing that scumbag Gandhi that it doesn't even matter. 20/10
game-hours: 152.8
review: Never. Trust. Ghandi.
game-hours: 40.9
review: Don't attempt to play this before going to bed.
game-hours: 444.1
review: Say goodbye to your life.
game-hours: 376.2
review: I have poured a lot of time into this game. It is a perfect game to play while doing something else, like homework, watching TV, or cooking. I imagine I will only stop playing this game when Civ 6 comes out.
game-hours: 78.9
review: Best game ever played. Love the sratergy and the selection of countries. Amazing game. Plus it has nukes!
game-hours: 139.2
review: Great addicting game!
game-hours: 319.8
review: I would like to make some points on why Civilazation 5 is a great game for every one. I first would like to start with the civilazations leaders. They made a great decision with the first game. The last two DLC's have been a great addition too everything including the leaders. Now with the gameplay. You start out with a settler and a warrior unit and first need to settle your city. after you get going people awlys turn on you whcih is annoying but it happens xD. Combat is good and realistic but it gets harder as the difficulty goes up. You need to really play itt o see everything and everything (trust me anything can happen) in this game ive played over 300 hours lol. So great Civilazations, gameplay, and leaders so when u learn the game... It becomes so addictive. So I recomened this game! :)
game-hours: 31.7
review: Easily the best strategy game out there
game-hours: 28.8
review: Fun game, but a hell of a time sink. We measure long periods of time in "One game of civilization 5" :P
game-hours: 98.4
review: Absolutely long lasting fun, definitely something to play for enjoyment by yourself or a friend. The best Civ in the series so far.
game-hours: 1144.8
review: Warning: this game will consume a rediculous amount of your free time. If you don't have much free time, you will need the discipline of a budhist monk to resist playing more. Otherwise, go ahead and get this game. It rocks.
game-hours: 42.4
review: I've always loved the Civ games. The new additions in this version do not dissapoint. It's a challange to try in win in many different ways and with many different leaders.
game-hours: 113.0
review: it a good game if you want to test your skills
game-hours: 1187.4
review: Lets make this a bit more informative, with almost 650 hours on record i will admit im hooked. So for former Civ players quick thing Stacks of Death are gone making unit mangement and stratergy much more engaing. For newer players, This game is an grand edition to the world of Turn Based Stratergys. The game has heaps of replayabilty with each game randomly generated, heaps of difficultys to keep you struggling and a very fun multiplayer (if you can get it to connect). The Stratergy is very deep allowing people to perform high grade manuevers to beat players. the A.I is intellegent, but it does need a bit of tweaking. There is a huge Coummity of modders so you can always find something new to do. Also as a side note the two dlcs Gods and Kings and Brave New world are a must have addition to the game as the change in gameplay is significant. easily 8/10 maybe a 9/10.
game-hours: 254.5
review: Awesome tactical game with many different aspects, e.g. Diplomacy, Economic (Trading), Military, Religion, etc. I recommend purchasing both "God and Kings" and "Brave New World" DLC to enchance your experience in Civilization V.
game-hours: 9.0
review: dis game is the
game-hours: 136.5
review: Always fun to play.
game-hours: 58.0
review: What does it say about a strategy game when I'm able to figure out a first-order optimal strategy in my first complete game against the AI? This is technically my first Civilization game--I never played the other Civ games as a kid because I always found them a bit impenetrable, but Firaxis deserves credit for their attempts to streamline the experience for newcomers.
game-hours: 239.3
review: It's awesome.
game-hours: 67.9
review: i can conquer the world with a massive army led by a warmongerer, like me. 100/100 GOTY 5/5 stars
game-hours: 97.7
review: built statue of liberty and nuked murica as russia 9001/10
game-hours: 99.2
review: One of the best strategy games I have never played, and here is why. 1. pick your own civilization from about 12 diffrent civilization. 2. is your play style peacefull, merchant or militarist? pick your own civilization that fits your play style. 3. nice diplomacy and trade system. (sometimes its hard to get the computer to trade with you) 4. there is ''random personalities'' option, whitch grants other civs random personalities. (if it wasn't self-evident) 5. workshop, there are tons of diffrent civs in workshop. gives the game alot re-playability. 6. nukes and Xcom-squad. 7. it kicks
game-hours: 405.1
review: This game couldn't be more addictive if it injected heroin into your bloodstream while it was massaging your balls.
game-hours: 83.0
review: One of the best strategi (turn based) game ever, and in Civilization V, you can do a lot more then previous games, not only more civilizations, units, buildings, wonders but aswell new cultural victory, international trade routes, world congress, policies, ideologies, religion, diplomacy, espionage, naval combat, city states, and a lot more, what are you waiting for ? World Domination by your hand is waiting... (Psst, at least try the demo !) Official Site :
game-hours: 115.7
review: I would definitely recommend this game to anyone who likes spending hours on a strategy game. It takes my friends and i aprox 2 days to finish a reasonably sized map with a reasonable ammount of players starting from the earliest era.
game-hours: 84.3
review: much game such awesome WOW!
game-hours: 153.7
review: hours of fun had with this game, been online playing with my buddies nearly every night for weeks now, the ai is abit warmongery if you're not careful though!
game-hours: 182.4
review: This is by far my favorite game of all time, and with all the mods this game is endless. Build your empire, build up your soldiers, take over other countries. This game has everything you need with Turn base game. If you really like this game, make sure you spend some cash and get the add-ons, it makes the game even more intense.
game-hours: 316.6
review: World domination or peaceful living. All-round raging wars or calm afternoons by inventing new technologies? You decide, but before that, you need your own civilization.
game-hours: 509.5
review: Thursday 11 pm, work tomorrow, I decide to play for like an hour or two before going to bed At 8:30 am i finish a standard pace game with a cultural victory for Greece, work at 10 am, I decide to get a short nap before I prepare to go out At 10:30 my boss calls, I answer something like "I still have several turns of sleep left" and pass out On monday I'm probably getting fired, 10/10 would get fired again
game-hours: 159.8
review: Great game if you like stratagy games. TONS of replayability. Lots of civs and great modding community!
game-hours: 421.5
review: This game is amazing... simply put. It is extremely addictive and you loose all sense of time. You start playing at 5:00 PM and suddenly it's midnight and you realize you didn't eat anything.
game-hours: 306.7
review: Great game
game-hours: 237.0
review: Best Linux port in my entire library. I can play on max settings without any lag, ever. Performance aside, it is also my top three favorite games right now. This is definitely the best RTS I've ever played.
game-hours: 180.2
review: Can't stop...
game-hours: 44.6
review: I picked up the complete edition during steam summer sale. Fully recommend this game to anyone who even remotely enjoys strategy games and has a decent amount of spare time. This was my first real experience with any civilization game and after completing tutorials and one full game so far, I am totally hooked. It will consume your life but you'll be perfectly ok with it.
game-hours: 55.6
review: A fun game could play it for hours and hours and on sale its worth buying it i would give it 7/10.
game-hours: 27.5
review: Great game, got nuked by gandhi :P 1/1 wouldn't play
game-hours: 30.4
review: I enjoy the game, but I would like to see some more variety. It seems like i'm doing the same thing over and over again, but with a different civilization. Add some more effects per civilization or add more specific tiles.
game-hours: 8.0
review: Even basic modes have reaaally long battles.
game-hours: 305.0
review: A fun game to play with friends spent alot of time into this game.
game-hours: 28.8
review: A worthy succesor in the franchise and true to it's 'just one more turn' reputation, Civ 5 is a must have for everyone who likes TBS. The abundant achievements are bound to keep you busy even if you played every faction and every difficulty level in the game, and if you're bored with the vanilla version, the 2 large DLC- packs add a new level of depth to your 12-hour game sessions. And even after you've done all that, there are still a truckload of mods in the steam workshop. Buy it, and buy it now.
game-hours: 384.3
review: Each Civ game takes five steps forward but one step back. For me its difficulty curve between each level is very and unnecesarily sharp, but beyond that its a very replayable game just like all of its predicessors. Anyone who liked it before must buy this version.
game-hours: 54.4
review: gandhi's an /10 would play again
game-hours: 89.5
review: Very Addictive!
game-hours: 522.9
review: Still hooked on this new Version of Civ V. Multiplayer has kept our group busy.
game-hours: 36.5
review: as addictive as ever!
game-hours: 429.0
review: I loved this game while it worked on my computer. After Mac OSX (maverick) came out, civ has no longer been compatable with my mac. Waiting for Aspyre or someone to come up with a patch, or some information to fix this. -_-
game-hours: 157.5
review: BEST GAME EVER but wait till you can get dlc isnt fun without ....
game-hours: 286.4
review: This is a great game, and has unlimited replayability.
game-hours: 209.4
review: I have played a ton of civ before I got it on steam-I have around 500 hours of Civ 5 experience, and have been playing it since it came out. It is one of the BEST games I have EVER played. 10/10. This is a must buy for everyone-it is designed to suit all players, even those who are new to strategy or old to the genre. The graphics are the best I have seen on any strategy game, the engine of the game that firaxis had built is powerful and solid, and runs the game well with minimal problems. The interactive diplomacy is awesome, and whether you want to be some overkill, evil, autocratic leader who wipes anyone who stands in the way of the face of the earth with nuclear weapons, or be someone who is culturally superior to all others, then this game is for you, and if you are anyone else in between! The game has 5 victory conditions, loads of map types and infinite replay ability, thanks to the awesome random map generation and different types of ways to play the game. Also the community around civ 5 is huge, there are more and more ways to enhance your game name with the huge modding community out there. Then the music-this is just awesome-I could listen to the civ 5 soundtrack all day, and not get bored-it goes with the game, and gets more aggressive when you go to war and peaceful when you are not fighting and are just taking care of your empire. Also all of the in game music is culturally suitable, so if your china they will play chinese style music, and if your england you will hear pieces like "I vow to thee my country" and likewise if you are germany you will hear "ode to joy". The game (with all ep's and DLC's which I recommend you buy), had 43 Civilizations to choose from :D A huuuuuggge amount, giving more playability and more fun to try out all of the civ's unique buildings and units and ability's. CIV 5 IS A MUST BUY FOR ANYONE, AS IT IS A GAME FOR EVERYONE! 10/10!
game-hours: 302.2
review: This game is one of the best strategy games ever. It's like a game of chess, but with nukes, cities, and a lot of other concepts.
game-hours: 91.0
review: Really fun and extremely addictive.
game-hours: 68.7
review: Impose my will upon everyone and kill them if they disagree? Im sold ! Super addictive. Only thing i dont like is that i cant stack units like previouse games or make platoons of same troops like in civ rev. BUT that is super easily overlooked since the game phenomenal. Looking forward to the next CIV game in Oct.
game-hours: 13.5
review: amazing!!
game-hours: 160.2
review: Great strategy game which will make you come back again and again saying just one more turn. The game is immence blast and you will have so much fun in single player or multiplayer and even with a hundred hours in a doubt you will have been able to play everything. This is a great game and would suggest to all who want a long strategy game with great depth and is relatily easy to get into.
game-hours: 17.1
review: Well... at first i was like... eh this is alright. but i just kicked my wife and kids out when they tried to turn my computer off.  THIS GAME IS SO GOOOOOOD
game-hours: 464.9
review: Play this game, and if you need a friend or something maybe hit me up
game-hours: 236.3
review: The ability to win using different methods and to play with so many civilizations / options makes this game extremely replayable and addicting!
game-hours: 128.5
review: excellent strategy game !man
game-hours: 48.6
review: great game
game-hours: 93.6
review: With the Brave New World expansion this game is a Turn Based Strategy dream. I've been playing Civ games from the mid 90's, starting with Civilization 2. I love the many paths to victory in this game. You can crush enemies with military force. Invest heavily in science to be the first to reach an alien world. You can win a cultural victory by just being a really awesome country, or with Diplomacy by making enough friends.
game-hours: 287.5
review: I highly recommend. Not only are there a bunch of civs with different attributes, but there are different maps, and different victory conditions. Then, you can go multiplayer with friends. This game has a lot of replay value, especially with all the different ways to play the game: Take my natural wonder? That's a declaration of war. Take my world wonder? That's a declaration of war. Take my iron? That's a declaration of war. Convert my city? That's a declaration of war. Send a missionary within 5 tiles of my city? That's a declaration of war. You settled next to me? That's a declaration of war. You settled across the map on another continent? That's a declaration of war. You're behind me in tech? You'll provide little resistance then. That's a declaration of war. You're even with me in tech? Can't let you get ahead. That's a declaration of war. You're ahead of me in tech? Gotta take out the threats. That's a declaration of war. You have more great works? That's a declaration of war. You've bean peaceful this whole game and thus have no military? That's a declaration of war. You have more votes in world congress? That's a declaration of war. You have nukes? No fear, I'll use pre-emptive strikes. That's a declaration of war.
game-hours: 130.9
review: The only place where you can be Poland and be more advanced than anyone else.
game-hours: 58.6
review: Any game where I can Columbus Columbus's house is a game for me. 10/10
game-hours: 155.7
review: My allied AI decided to nuked me while I was busy having war with other countries. 11/10
game-hours: 199.5
review: This is the best strategy game in all of gaming history and in the civilization series. It is all about grabbing land. There are various ways of doing it and achieving victory. The best part is that this game can be played again and again using different strategies (military, economic, cultural etc). And then there are different leaders with different handicaps which makes for different strategies when playing as that leader. And then there are different kinds of maps (islands, continents etc) contributing to further strategies. All this permutation and combination of strategies add up to unlimited replay opportunities. In Civilization 5, the game developers have perfected the ideal strategy gaming platform. You can say they have got the physical laws setup exactly right to allow a beautiful and complex world to emerge out of it. Initially I was skeptical of the new features added in Gods and Kings (faith and espionage) and Brave new World (tourism and trade routes) expansion packs. They felt alien to the game and looked like an after-thought attachment just to earn more money. But the way these features blend with the existing artifacts (victory strategies, leaders, maps) allows for even more strategies to be devised. I now cannot think of playing the original game (without the expansion packs). And the graphics are really good; realistic and nice. Adds to the gaming experience. If you are a strategy fan, you SHOULD buy this game.
game-hours: 48.3
review: This game is so chill.
game-hours: 222.2
review: One of the best real-time strategy games you will ever play
game-hours: 26.4
review: Awusomeawdasd
game-hours: 362.4
review: Civilization 5 is the primary reason of my having a steam account 10/10
game-hours: 27.6
review: Best Strategy+TurnBase game ever...
game-hours: 43.0
review: i love it
game-hours: 109.3
review: Nice strategy and gameplay ;)
game-hours: 460.1
review: I play with my friend Dave :)
game-hours: 86.2
review: Nuke's in 10 turns
game-hours: 34.7
review: yes
game-hours: 234.4
review: Incredible game, it's easy to pick up and have fun straight away. If you like risk, this game is pretty much the same since it's turn based.
game-hours: 206.4
review: Brilliant.
game-hours: 235.5
review: This game alone is amazing. I have always loved this genre of games, I remember being very young and playing Age of Empires 2 and 3. Well, there's that and then there is Civ. It's amazing the amount of customization that is available to the player. You can quite literally be the leader you choose to be and if when you win you waant to change that you can always continue playing after you win. However, I do recommend that you get Brave new world expansion as it adds things to the game that make the game seem so much more superior when you are using it.
game-hours: 0.7
review: Awesome game! Reminds me of the old Colonization (Which is the first game of the series "somehow") I just love conquering everybody and expanding all around the map! Hoping for a Civ VI
game-hours: 206.0
review: Great game, would definitely recommend it. Only downfall is that it is waaaay too addictive.
game-hours: 56.1
review: So much fun, to play single and multiplayer, and if you're worried about not having enough time for a complete game, you can change the settings to accelerate turns and make you able to do more in them but less turns, it can easily cut game time to a third
game-hours: 137.7
review: 10/10 One more turn.
game-hours: 52.8
review: Brilliant game. Simple enough to be an introductory game for beginners and even non-gamers into strategy, yet complex enough to present a challenge and make each game interesting. My only complaint is that the game is very lacking in vanilla, and thus almost definitely requires at least Gods and Kings.
game-hours: 139.7
review: I haven't put more time into any game on steam
game-hours: 59.7
review: Just completed my first game and it was great! Would highly recommend
game-hours: 119.2
review: Civilization V is an awesome game and one of the best (if not the best) empire management games available.
game-hours: 64.8
review: So addicting! As soon as you start.. you can't stop!
game-hours: 156.9
review: Great game! A pain in the  at times, but definitely worth playing! A good challenge.
game-hours: 75.6
review: Tis a nice casual game most of the time.......Until everyone desides to hate you for attacking on city state then its personal
game-hours: 25.0
review: It continues to crash, even after troubleshooting so unless you want to save every 5 mins i wouldn't buy it
game-hours: 351.9
review: One of my favorite games of all time!!
game-hours: 138.7
review: The only game where I can have Big Boss wage war against Eren Jaeger while being denounced by Hatsune Miku for being uncultured. Of course I would recommend this game!
game-hours: 272.1
review: Don't like having free time? Buy this game.
game-hours: 203.1
review: My friend and i started playing...i became a warmorger...he unfriend me. 10/10
game-hours: 54.2
review: A quick, sleek version of the venerable Civ-franschise. Took a while to get used to it but now I prefer it.
game-hours: 239.5
review: Fun game but it can be kinda laggy still very fun!
game-hours: 48.2
review: I don't know why this game is so popular. Of course it's always funny when you start playing at 20:00 and realise 6 hours lather that it's now 2:00 in the morning, or when you declare war on Ghandi. But the main problem of this games is the lack of elements of gameplay. It's too easy to win battles, you just need to train more units than the ennemy. At some point it's not even fun anymore. It might get very boring sometimes !
game-hours: 17.2
review: If this game was the most stinkest fart in the entire world, then i would inhale it for a long time. 10/10
game-hours: 59.3
review: I like to play this game. It makes me happy. If you want to be happy, I recommend you play it too.
game-hours: 1678.4
review: Um dos TOP 5 que j joguei. Mais de mil horas de jogo at agora.
game-hours: 509.1
review: You can finally teach Napoleon not to attack Russia. 10/10
game-hours: 219.9
review: Nuclear Missiles Giant Death Robots Homicidal Gandhi 10/10
game-hours: 56.3
review: this game be ballin, yo
game-hours: 831.1
review: The series has changed since Civ 4, with a lot of streamlining done (empire-wide culture and happiness) to remove micromanagement of every city. Some may like this, some may not. With the recent expansion, religon and espionage have been re-added, though espionage is not as robust as it once was. Regardless, this version contains the best combat mechanics and tile layout of the series. Hex tiles allow for better flanking, and offers a much more strategical aspect to the game over the old "tiles of doom". Overall, the improved combat and map generation (and graphics to boot) ultimately have won me over. A great multiplayer game (with time investment).
game-hours: 27.1
review: used up all my sick calls for this game.... one....more...turn....
game-hours: 28.4
review: must buy... I find myself playing for hours when i orginally planned to only play maybe an hour or so. The complete edition is worth the cost difference.
game-hours: 156.5
review: Civilization V is honestly one of my favorite stratigy games. It can be fun in single player but when you have friends to play with it gets even more fun. for anyone who likes a got stratigy game then this is a game you should have. there are quite a few difficulty levels you can choose from to make your game more challenging. You have to keep up with so many asspects at once that it can feel a bit overwellming your first few games, but you will get used to it. with the brave new world and gods and kings dlcs it can add a whole lot to the game and almost make you feel like your having to change your play style completly. overall I would recommend buying this game.
game-hours: 102.2
review: Best RTS ever made, and in my personal top 10 games of all time. In Civ 5, you assume the role of a past great leader, like Washington, Ghandi, Queen Elizabeth and so on. You rule and control their respective countries build your own empire. You do so by raging war, or making peace with others. I highly recommend buying at least the two major expansions. (Gods & Kings, and Brave New World). They're huge really game changing expansions. Like adding religion to the game, which could mean the difference between friendship or nuclear war. As far as time goes, you start in the year 4000 BC (by default). and progress your empire through the ages all the way into the future. Even though Beyond Earth (next entry in Civ) is already on the horizon, Civ 5 is a true masterpiece. Buy this game now.
game-hours: 122.0
review: This game provides literally hundreds of hours (or more) of fun. The randomness of the maps, the large amount of Civilizations, the multiple different ways to victory, and the many ways to achieve that makes this game so unique that it's impossible for it to feel repetitive. This is well worth the cost and definitely a game to get. Now if you'll excuse me, I have to get back to playing!
game-hours: 28.3
review: Probably in the top 5 game ever made, It is the second game in the Civilization universe I have ever played with the first being Civilization on the PS3, the amount of detail put into the game is so entirely breathtaking that I could literally play this game for days, in fact I've had it for less than a week and I'm already closing in on a full day of gameplay... 5 out of 5. Cant wait to see where Beyond Earth takes the franchise but I can pretty much gaurantee I will be there to see!
game-hours: 44.9
review: DAM
game-hours: 74.6
review: Best world domination game yet! My max pay price: $15... with expansions: $20
game-hours: 3.4
review: hard to play
game-hours: 57.7
review: i like that u can build ur on empire
game-hours: 361.2
review: Sweet Game. Buyit
game-hours: 244.2
review: Illuminati Confrimed, Very good game
game-hours: 208.2
review: My butt plug really enjoys this games, it makes Fredrick (the butt plug) really happy.
game-hours: 255.3
review: This is definitely one of the best strategy games that I ever played. Its DLCs expand the contents of the game dramatically and make the game worthy playing again and again to try different strategies. One thing still need to be improved is AI takes too much time every turn in late game, especially when aircraft comes out.
game-hours: 38.6
review: Buy this game and you won't pay for a week of your life! Don't let this special offer go away!
game-hours: 418.8
review: Just one more turn. That is what is going to happen if you play this - actually, no, don't even try it. This game is great, everytime there are sales I feel temptated to go around giving it to people and watching them get sucked into being addicted to it. Game had its downsides when it was vanilla, but hole cow batman, its great now - if you have free time and think what a log knows is worth to heed, you'll play the hell out of this!
game-hours: 36.4
review: This is my first Steam review for one of three Steam games I own. Anyway, I like playing the hell out of this game. It works like coffee.
game-hours: 414.3
review: I'm yet to finish a game of this.
game-hours: 341.8
review: Amazing game, have already sunk in almost 400 hours to this baby and regret none of it.
game-hours: 44.7
review: Sid Meier's Civilization 5 is a great game. It is a turn based game. The point of the game is that you are a leader of historical civilizations. You start fresh, strategetically growing. There are a number of victory types in this game. Domination, cultural, science, and diplomatic to name them. They give you the option to to choose what victory based on how you're feeling. One of the things I don't like about this game is that, vanilla Civilization V is only half the game. The DLCs ( Brave New World, Gods and Kings ) make it what the game is. Overall, this game is awesome and I suggest you get it. It is a little pricey, but try to get the complete edition if you possibly could. I give this game an overall rating of 9/10.
game-hours: 593.8
review: This game, with the expansion packs, is just so good.
game-hours: 328.0
review: Amazing game. A game that you can just delve into for hour and hours, trying new strategies for different win conditions, each civilization offers unique advantages to and the depth and breadth of gameplay offered is just phenomenal.
game-hours: 309.6
review: As always, Civilization continues to be the top 4X game out there.
game-hours: 208.2
review: One of the best Civ games!!!
game-hours: 858.2
review: Eunan hates this game, therefore, buy it!
game-hours: 466.9
review: Awesome game.I have over 300 hours on this game, and I still find myself up at 2 AM playing. With multiple methods of victory, and a vast array of civilization sporting their own unique traits Civ. 5 offers almost endless replay-ability with an entire. The game also goes pretty in depth with the background information with all the civilizations, technology, and units in game which as a history lover I appreciated. Also, the DLC refines some aspects of the game already there, adds more civilizations, and adds even more features. Strongly recommended to even RTS lover. 10/10 BUY THIS
game-hours: 252.2
review: Is the biggest Time Waster in the History of ever. You will sink hours into this game without realizing. Highly recommend.
game-hours: 859.3
review: If you have played the other Civilations you will no doubt like this one. If you have never played one but are a fan of city building and tactical combat, this game is for you.
game-hours: 110.4
review: I cannot stop playing this game! I had tried Civilization: Revolution on the Xbox 360 before, and also seeing that I was raised in a household where my father played the older Civilization games, I couldn't ignore this game. The experience was definitely enhanced by the graphics and the new hex grid. Nearly all aspects of the game are amazing, whether it be the music or the assortment of civilizations. Needless to say, this is one of the best games I have seen.
game-hours: 330.9
review: Bring peace to the world using nukes. While playing as Ghandi. 11/10
game-hours: 581.6
review: 500h of gameplay and still playing!
game-hours: 110.3
review: i just came out here to have a good time with ghandi and honestly i'm feeling so attacked right now.
game-hours: 187.4
review: One of the best turn based strategy games ever on the PC. very addictive
game-hours: 140.3
review: Great game. Very addictive and is a great way to learn history! Now I know the Great Pryamids were built in Moscow, Russia not in Egypt.
game-hours: 83.7
review: One of the best games I've ever played
game-hours: 683.2
review: love the game but i have a problem with is air units like if the other civilzation has guns they shoot it down but im cool with that but if your like 1 era ahead than the one your fight spears can get them?
game-hours: 363.0
review: civilization five in my opinion the best in the series it completly balances the game and is even better with brave new world.
game-hours: 80.8
review: When Civ 5 came out, I didn't like it at all. I still wouldn't like it, if not for the exceptional expansions that address pretty much every flaw (except the AI, which I still find a bit silly, but I find almost all AI flawed) It's friendly and fair to the new civ players, and has enough content to keep the veterans occupied. I especially loved the scenarios.
game-hours: 191.7
review: Fantastic game! Quit diferent compared to the other Civiziltions! Hope to god Civ VI comes out
game-hours: 253.8
review: One of the handful of games that simply doesn't get old for me. Uniquely engaging and expertly designed, Civilization has been killing it since the beginning.
game-hours: 161.8
review: I like to play this game every once in a while and is great for stategy gamers who will play for a long time since Civ 5 is not a fast paced game so on a scale to 0-10 I would give it a 8/10
game-hours: 74.6
review: Civ 5 is an excellent blend of singleplayer and multiplayer. The singleplayer is fast paced and fun. It can also help you build skill in the game. The multiplayer is a great blend of backstabbing, friendship, and war. It is fun to explore different worlds and bring your civ to greatness and glory. Overall, I give this game a 9/10. An excellent game!
game-hours: 205.8
review: Enjoyable
game-hours: 13.0
review: Gerekten harika bir strateji oyunu.
game-hours: 1226.0
review: I love Civ 5's Gameplay and the new Hexbased maps, not a big fan of the juvinile way Civ's talk to each other or the spy system. Combat is improved over Civ# in that you don't get the Stacks O` Doom, but the AI is still not that good at using it. It would bog the game down more I suppose but a more dynamic Army System with multiple unit types would be prefered with armies assigned hexes to cover.
game-hours: 8.3
review: Plays very fluid and fast on Linux, top marks!
game-hours: 2.0
review: build cities and be sad for 500+ hours
game-hours: 30.6
review: This game is too addictive at times
game-hours: 540.9
review: Great soundtrack, has some sense of education to it for people who are vaguly interested in history. Obviously if you play with Ghandi he will be historically accurate and stock up on Nucleur warheads and put the entire world consisting of 3 continents into a cold war or M.A.D. And when you play as venice make sure you become a real life banker and get loads of bonuses and make sure everyone is denpendant on you for their economy. Also the multiplayer experience is "not that bad" the connections between players can be dodgy so frequent saving is an order, and combat is ok despite the quick animations. If you dont have this game....get it on sale or wait until the next civ gme in a few months....listen to your advisors....exept your military one...dont be like me
game-hours: 607.9
review: probobly the best game on steam i love stratagy but this is awsomely good cant wait for beond earth this game is amzing
game-hours: 1259.9
review: look at how many hours i put into this game, no need to say more 100/10
game-hours: 209.4
review: If you like strategdy games and pissing off your friendes by sending war elephents to kill their slaves, or having Ghandi nuke your cities, then I would recomend this game!
game-hours: 20.9
review: shaka mayd meh by da dlc
game-hours: 822.6
review: More than 800 hours.....My Life Guys....No I have shared it with my family. But as someone who has above 800 hours of this game on there account trust me when I say best PC game of the year. Simple. Can't wait for more.
game-hours: 16.5
review: There is no such thing as a quick game of civ 5
game-hours: 1019.1
review: the greatest ing game in the world
game-hours: 10.0
review: This game is fun, and the modding community is awesome, but only if you have Brave New World and Gods and Kings, if not, then you are not going to mod anytime soon.
game-hours: 265.9
review: This game ruined my life. 10 out of 10.
game-hours: 33.2
review: Best game ever created.
game-hours: 281.2
review: What can I say about this game that hasn't already been said? Nothing. If you have played any of the past Civilization games and enjoyed them, get this. I haven't played since Civ 2, but this did not disappoint. +depth +replayability (infinitely so) -poor ai relys on built in advantages to be competative. -ai doesn't handle water maps very well.
game-hours: 153.4
review: highly recommended, hours of fun gameplay and extremely flexible graphics, an absolute love, definitely worth the cost. in my opinion it is the best with the DLC "Brave New World" but, even without it, it is still a very fun game!
game-hours: 271.0
review: Amazing game. Very addictive - I can play it for unhealthy periods of time and it doesn't get old. Singleplayer is fun and it's easy to play through many times without getting boring because no two games are exactly the same, and multiplayer is also great because it gets competitive when you're with friends. Strategy games are not usually my thing but Civ V is just great.
game-hours: 103.1
review: Just one more turn....
game-hours: 124.5
review: Yes.
game-hours: 188.5
review: Me: "Hey how about open borders!" AI: "Idk... sounds fishy--" Me: "I'll give you 2 gold per turn and 3 horses!" AI: "DEAL!" 10/10 Death to bots! :D
game-hours: 292.7
review: In a word Epic!
game-hours: 355.1
review: Probably the most-played game in my Library. Highly recommended!
game-hours: 60.3
review: Get this game so you can waste precious hundreds of hours of your life in a meaningless compilation of 1s and 0s.
game-hours: 107.5
review: I love this game so much oh yeah
game-hours: 69.6
review: This game will rip your balls off and have you begging for more.
game-hours: 47.6
review: Awesome!
game-hours: 2.4
review: Celebrating 20+ years of Gandhi nuking you off the face of the ing Earth
game-hours: 257.7
review: Hours and Hours of great fun
game-hours: 16.7
review: Well what can this girl Say Sid Meier Did it agian Civ 5 Great game as usual Can't wait for the next this is the First civ ive picked up since 3. Fun game but you need alot of time just to play and win this game which currently i don't have. if you don't mind mixing stratagy with buiding a substaning empire this this is the game for you. Even if you don't like it try the more cartoon version Civ Revolution on the Ps3 and Xbox 360. Good luck and hope to see all the civ fans in the next one.
game-hours: 152.7
review: A great game with enough of a mix of classic mechanics and new ones to keep the series fresh. The new combat mechanics are a great improvement over the stack of death from previous games and I still love the national borders. I don't like the fact that you have to buy expansions to get some of the older series staples like culture victories. Still definitely a buy in my opinion. Just one more turn lol.
game-hours: 72.1
review: One of the best Strategy game out there.
game-hours: 347.7
review: Good game. Takes a long time to play though. Better dipomacy needed.
game-hours: 406.4
review: Is okay. Lil short.
game-hours: 60.2
review: good game !
game-hours: 25.0
review: Yeah, it's pretty good...
game-hours: 236.4
review: Amazing game, can't get enough of it.
game-hours: 408.1
review: One of the most realistic empire builders I've ever played. In an attempting such realism, there are almost too many mechanics in play. It takes a considerable amount of time and effort to fully understand and, in my experience, truly appreciate, the complexity. While the increased graphics can often slow the game (especially towards the mid-end game), it's beautifully designed, and gorgeous to observe. Plus, There's an option to turn on/off Quick Movement and Qiuck Battle which will help the game run faster.
game-hours: 69.8
review: I fired nukes at America while playing as Best Korea. 15/10, like Skyrim without Skyrim.
game-hours: 45.2
review: This is by far one of the best games I have ever played. Do you enjoy taking over the world with: - Force - Science - Religion - Tourism - Culture - Diplomacy Yeah...this is definitly the game. You can play it over and over again wining the game in many different ways and playing as so many different civilizations. The online multiplayer is excellent, although at times can be a little glitchy. I highly recommend the expansions. I have only played with Gods and Kings, but plan on getting Brave New World as well.
game-hours: 1.5
review: Must say this game is good better but not liek aoe but still rather than comparing it you shud play it well Mp is low i mena less srvsr idk 48 ppl play still i think they like playing with their frnds only lo
game-hours: 108.6
review: I could make the completely generic and uninspired comment of "Just... one... more... turn..." that no doubt everyone has in their review space for this game, but instead I'll just say that this game is very addictive and had me playing for 10 hours at a time, which is kinda dangerous because I thought my legs would fall off from that long sitting down.
game-hours: 48.1
review: a fun game
game-hours: 242.2
review: Playing as Japan and 3 whales are next to my capital on the first turn. stereotypes/10
game-hours: 143.1
review: Takes a while to learn the game mechanics, but once you get into it, expect many sleepless nights.
game-hours: 188.6
review: Allow me to tell you a story. After approximately 8 victorys achieved by world domination, I decided to be peaceful. Through various treaties, gifts, and negotiations I reached the status "friends" with everybody in the world. This made me happy. I was a respectable man in the world, with a low amount of troops and a high amount of manufactored goods. Then Greece came along. They, along with 3 allies, stabbed me in the back and send about 20 units of pikemen to take my capital, which they succeded in doing. After this loss, I proceeded to curl up in a ball and cry, vowing to never play again. 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 544.4
review: more turn plz
game-hours: 1212.9
review: Civilization continues to be the best turn-based strategy game I've ever played.
game-hours: 67.8
review: yes
game-hours: 109.8
review: in my top 5
game-hours: 798.4
review: Just beat the game as every Civ in under 600 hours. Speed runs.
game-hours: 825.7
review: This game completely ruined my life and stole all of my presious time away from me...
game-hours: 191.3
review: I'm going to get carpel tunnel playing this game. It's hours on end fun. It's always just "one more move". The history is interesting, I like hearing about historical figures. Fun.
game-hours: 449.8
review: I think my play time speaks for itself
game-hours: 61.9
review: I absolutely love this game! With so many ways to win and endless hours of gameplay between normal DLC contnet to mods on the steam workshop it's definitely a MUST have in my book.
game-hours: 238.6
review: Absolutely love this game. It is a fantastic edition to the franchise when all dlc is included with the purchase. The marthon mode is easily my favorit mode, however, if you don't have a beefy processory (mine's an intel core 2 duo... yeah) any game mode larger then just four civs easily bogs the game down.
game-hours: 468.6
review: Ever been nuked by Ghandi? Been the liberator of Carthage as Rome? Civilization V continues the excellent gaming as the leader of a nation throughout history that the series is known for and improves on its predecessor. You will never play the game the same way twice as you are forced to change how you play the game based on the abilities and shortcomings of your own nation and the others around you. Besides for the use of nations, religions(in additional expansions), and the turn based style of play, Civ V functions extremely differently from its predecessor and expect a learning curve. Despite the hours I have logged in so far i feel like i am still discovering new parts of the game and learning how to play. My recomendations for any gamer out there? If you are only contemplating buying the game now you have missed out on a lot of fun and the only way to rectify that is to buy it ASAP. Enjoy conquering the world, and experience the Brave New World.
game-hours: 2019.5
review: Awesome Civ, cant wait for new one Beyond Earth
game-hours: 245.4
review: Can play this game for years at a time, no pun intended. This game does take up so much time. Well worth it.
game-hours: 394.9
review: Great game, worth every penny I've spent on it. Not good if you enjopy having a social life.
game-hours: 72.3
review: play this game
game-hours: 305.0
review: Possible side effects for playing this game are: lost sense of time, sleep loss, convincing yourself for just one more turn, anger issues, trust issues, Gandhi issues, believing you can be a good leader, complete loss of social life, mental and physical health loss, addiction, and possible hallucinations of hexagons.
game-hours: 78.9
review: Civ is the only franchise I've routinely played for nearly a quarter of a century. Amazingly fun, educational, challenging and satisfying. Nearly infinite options for variation and replay. Most importantly, now available for those of us using Steam on Linux. The only problem is that I lose days at a time when i play through the longer scenarios. Definitely worth $30 and a steal when on sale.
game-hours: 421.4
review: This game is the beeeessttttt.
game-hours: 521.4
review: So addictive! It's so difficult to save and put this game down...
game-hours: 84.6
review: Such a good game. Have spend many days playing this and I love every bit of it. Didn't like Ghandi's face, declared war on him and anhialated the Indian race. 10/10
game-hours: 235.0
review: A+++++
game-hours: 519.3
review: I must warn you. THIS GAME IS DANGEROUS. Don't buy this game if you have a family. Don't buy this game if you need to go to work. Don't buy this game if you need sleep. I failed everytime when i tried to quit. There are so many nations you could choose and each nation you need to fine tune your strategy to win the game. That's very interesting. Not a single game is the same. The AI is good (though i think not as good as in civilization IV) and the interface is intuitive. The tutorial is quite helpful even a newcomer could enojy the game within minutes. I kept playing civilization IV until V was released. I think i will keep playing civilization V until VI is out.
game-hours: 206.7
review: Meh... I liked it.
game-hours: 30.5
review: Fun.
game-hours: 212.1
review: Great game tip for everyone
game-hours: 155.9
review: Fantastic game! Worth every penny!
game-hours: 31.4
review: Wow bought this a few days ago not expecting them to put this as a marquee sale but nonetheless it was worth the moeny for this and all of the extra content. This is an amazing game, veterans may think it's dumbed down but in truth, 4 needed a cutting of the fat, this streamlined the gameplay to a point of a very well balanced game that is not only fun to play in, but challenging still. This game is amazing and you should buy it while it's this cheap. Do yourself the favor!
game-hours: 7.1
review: I love this game! I am a huge history nut and being able to relieve great parts from history as great leaders was real good fun. I have the Base Civ 5 game & looking into getting the Complete Edition which incl. all DLC's and scenarios. This is the best game out of the Civ. franchise by far! Great fun & I cannot wait to play it with friends.
game-hours: 343.3
review: "This game is addicting." would be the 4 words that I would say if somebody asked me about this game. Civilization V is probably the most fun I've had in a game. Every turn, you move your units, manage your cities, interact with other civilizations, not knowing what awaits you next turn. You can become friends with the warmongering Genghis Khan, or piss off the "peace loving" Gandhi. This game offers a ton of Civ's to play as, so you'll be spending ALOT of time in it. Also, if you're worried about getting demolished, don't worry, Civ V offers a really good indepth tutorial made for getting beginners into the game. If you can get a good deal on this game or the Ultimate Edition, I really would recommend buying it, and prepare for getting your soul sucked in. 9/10.
game-hours: 3780.6
review: This is a great game. only problem is steam will not let me play because of error 53 (to busy handling) Then they say its because I have Mcafee security which I have had for 15 years and have played thia game over 2000 hours in last 2 years. What gives Steam the right to control my playing when I paid $60 for this game
game-hours: 64.1
review: I pretty sure 90% of the hours I've put in have been on one single game... Unit stacking needs to come back but besides that Highly recommend.
game-hours: 234.7
review: This game is great for people of all ages i highly recormend it and all the expansions
game-hours: 91.0
review: awesome game!
game-hours: 147.5
review: this game is amazing
game-hours: 467.6
review: Civ V is great! Steam is NOT ! too often steam servers are "too busy". seriously? I am also too busy for this experierce. Steam get your act together. you obviously can't handle it !
game-hours: 3.1
review: I DON'T EVEN KNOW HOW TO PLAY IT !
game-hours: 63.2
review: Very addictive. Beware!! I've only played 4-5 games to victory and i've already clocked up 60 hours.
game-hours: 1615.4
review: This game is awesome. I cannot recommend it enough.
game-hours: 101.0
review: Great game!! Best played with other!! Give it a try!
game-hours: 26.4
review: After playing Civilization V :- Battlefield 4 - Uninstall Done Battlefeild 3 -Uninstall Done Dota 2 - Uninstall Done Black Ops 2 - Uninstall Done Watch Doge - Uninstall Done Best GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED in my life !! My Rating -> 69/10
game-hours: 106.8
review: This game has so much content that you can start playing and not run out of things to do for a year, especially with friends.
game-hours: 111.7
review: Can't wait for the Civ 6 which is in SPACE!!!
game-hours: 1267.0
review: A very fun game to play, many hours to complete, turn based. and with the expansions its even funnier
game-hours: 25.2
review: brilliant game A++ really addictive build an empire and deestroy the world!!
game-hours: 119.5
review: Don't ever play this if you have work the next morning or an important assignment soon.
game-hours: 162.1
review: A fabulous game that carries on the Civilization zeal for complex games that you don't mind spending days and days playing, yet never feel disgruntled at the prospect of starting over with a new civilzation, quite the opposite in fact. I relish the thought of starting a new game with a new map and perhaps a civilization I've never played just to see how it fares. Civ 5 is a must for any civilization franchise fan, and equally recommended for anyone looking to break in to the genere of turn based strategy games. Like a board game but prettier, and you don't have to hope the cat doesn't destroy it when you walk away. Get Civilization 5 ASAP, you are missing out!
game-hours: 139.5
review: As a single player game: Magnificent and flawless But multiplayer experience is horrendous. Disconnections start after 20-30 turns, especially you're playing with more than 4-5 people. Sometimes nothing happens, then suddenly game goes boom, and when you try reloading your latest save, half of the players can't even join to the lobby. It was a real ordeal on my part. Stay away from multiplayer tab unless all players have top-notch crystal-clean connections.
game-hours: 139.0
review: I got Sid Meier's Civilization V a bit ago and I have to say that it is probably THE best game I have ever played! It has hours upon hours of singleplayer gameplay, hotseat and multiplayer. It also has one of the greatest selection of mods to choose from with the downside that some may require a DLC which is fine since the DLCs themselves are a great and worthwile purchase. 9.5/10
game-hours: 26.8
review: All Countries hate me for being aggressive except The Iroquois...so at least I have that going for me Would Buy Again.
game-hours: 456.6
review: iz gud gaim. i iz baid but gud gaim steel
game-hours: 68.7
review: It's really addicting and fun but the matches are VERY long and it's easy to start losing interest after while. Still very enjoyable though.
game-hours: 265.7
review: The Civilization series is one of the best series ever. Great diversity, great slighty changing AIs, great gameplay all makes for hours and hours of re-playability. Plus Ghandi will try to nuke you!
game-hours: 484.6
review: A thinking mans game. Plenty of options for winning with different play styles and pregenerated leaders/characters to experiment with, very enjoyably time consuming!
game-hours: 246.9
review: Such a good game.. Probably need time off work to play this so get ready call in sick.. I tend to keep restarting the game so many times until i get the right peice of land.. Thinking about it i'v prob spent more time restarting the map..
game-hours: 915.3
review: Great game for killing hours
game-hours: 164.2
review: Best co-op strategy game I've played in-- well, forever. Hours of gameplay are in store for you, so don't think you'll have something as short as a one or two hour round. Go big or go home; you either play a ten hour game, or you don't play at all. Oh, and one more thing: don't trust Ghandi. ever.
game-hours: 83.7
review: Do not buy if you have a career, friends and/or a girlfriend/boyfriend.
game-hours: 587.8
review: Amazing game, already 400 hours logged and I havent had it a year. Tremedous replay value. Can`t wait for Beyond Earth.
game-hours: 232.5
review: This game is one of the best Strategy games I've seen in a long time. If you are a fan of "turn-based" strategy games, this should be on your top 5 list. The game is challenging, but you can still conquer any task that is brought to you. 10/10 WARNING: MAY FRACTURE FINGERS DUE TO INABILITY TO PUT DOWN THE MOUSE
game-hours: 463.5
review: I was not a big fan of Civ 5 when I first tried it out. The game seemed slow paced and boring. However; after putting in over 300 hours I must say this is one my favorite games to date.
game-hours: 98.3
review: Just one more turn...
game-hours: 134.2
review: smells good
game-hours: 551.1
review: Get this game now.
game-hours: 42.7
review: Civilization's enthralling gameplay captures even the most pedantic gamers' taste. The many various ways of developing your civ make the game so compelling to play. It never gets boring and monotonous. Well it depends on one's individual preferences but Civ 5 will always have a special place in my heart. =)
game-hours: 76.2
review: I start a match and figure out Im playing with poland, manage to piss him off by taking a city state, he founds a city near my capital, I wage war on him and I seise control of that city, He declares peace giving me one of his city states, I dont give a , go to his capital and destroy it in 2 turns. Then I go to venice and I nuke the  out of him gaining a dominion victory. I just realised I played 30 hours in about 4 days. 20/10 for ruining my life
game-hours: 466.3
review: Great game, freaking love it. 9.8/10 Lost the 0.2 because Ghandi. That MOFO!
game-hours: 36.0
review: If you are a Civ fan, you already have this game. No sense in reviewing this even, really. If for some reason you are a Civ fan and never got around to picking up Civ V, what is wrong with you?
game-hours: 232.8
review: Very good turn-based strategy
game-hours: 10.3
review: This game can be quiet difficult to play unless you spend alot of time on the tutorials or know the previous Civ games, I have played it for a long time but I refused to do the tutorials therefore I barely know the basics so do the tutorials
game-hours: 481.2
review: I have Enjoyed every Civ game right from the start. Somewhere in my storage boxes i have an original Civilization when it first came out. The Music within Civ V is pretty nice. Graphics are very good. Animations are good as well. The 1 and only issue I have with Civ V is that I enjoy playing on huge marathon continents or continents plus maps. Towards the end of my games, around 1700 ad to 1900 ad, after i gain control of more and more cities. The improved tiles glich out and show as unimproved. So when i stop for the night to get some sleep, i end up having to restart about 15 times until it loads the tiles properly or just go back to an earlier save to where i did not control so many cities. Update: Civ V: Brave New World adds lots of new Content. The Culteral Victory changes and Social Policy changes take a bit of getting used to and I never got into culteral victorys in previous Civs. However with the changes in Brave New World and the adding of Tourism, Archaeologists, and all the new great persons, like musicians, writers, etc. Culteral Victories have become a lot more enjoyable to go after. Just for nit pickyness tho. It was obvious that even tho their were new civilizations added to be able to play. the graphics / art dept's did appear to cut a few corners on the new civs troop designs. Also, it would be great if Civ V supported Dual Screen modes as well instead of making my 2nd screen black. :-) Over all tho, Civ V is a very enjoyable game to play. If this was a siskel and ebert review i would give it 2 thumbs up!
game-hours: 343.2
review: Named my religion ''The D'' and everyone wanted it. 10/10
game-hours: 241.3
review: Addicting, you will play forever!
game-hours: 227.5
review: I made farms as Ethiopia. 10/10
game-hours: 701.5
review: time machine
game-hours: 14.5
review: Civ 5 is a great game with lots of gameplay in it. You can easily play this game for hours without getting bored, especially with the complete edition which gives you loads of civilizations. The Workshop is also a great way to extend your gametime. If you like turn-based tactical games, this will be right in your alley.
game-hours: 43.0
review: Highly addicitive 4x fun
game-hours: 76.6
review: The father of turn based strategy games. Best installment yet.
game-hours: 102.8
review: Strategy games have has a large area in my heart, keeping me locked with them, this is just another good game, by the best Strategy maker Sid Meier! He is a good strategy maker, in my eyes, since i have MOST of his games, and i STILL want moar. I recommend this to you, because it's a fine game, long game sessions, but it's calm, relaxing, and a TRUE time spender.
game-hours: 86.6
review: its fun :)
game-hours: 71.2
review: Best strategy game. So many options, multiplayer, great graphics, mods etc. Expensive DLC though. 9.5/10
game-hours: 96.5
review: what is sleep?
game-hours: 369.2
review: great game
game-hours: 24.0
review: Is rly good
game-hours: 94.8
review: I highly recommend this game as a very relaxed strategy game. Personally, I don't fare well with strategy games, but with 9 different AI levels, there is something for every type of player.
game-hours: 0.6
review: Uma  nao compre
game-hours: 110.2
review: After putting in over 100 hours into this game, I can unequivocally say it is not as good as Civilization IV and Sid should be embarassed the way he has fallen into putting out a half finished game and then over charging for expansions to add what should have been in the original release all along. Not to mention the ill concieved combat changes and so forth.
game-hours: 877.7
review: Barbarian invaded my sheep, they started to smoke Best game 10/10 would recommend.
game-hours: 56.8
review: Awesome game. Really good CIV game, it has a lot of better stuff then the other CIV games. Just a lot different in the start, but you get used to it and will enjoy it if you liked the other CIV games
game-hours: 185.5
review: amazing game cant fault it much. Must buy
game-hours: 25.9
review: Simply, there are better games out there. The fact that Metacritic believes it to be 'the greatest strategy game of all time' is insulting. The AI are bad, the multiplayer is broken, and frankly I just find there to be a lack of content. A big company releasing so little, you really get the impression they are money grabbing. By far, Paradox Interactive are my favourite game devs. Their game's deserve the title of 'greatest strategy'. If you are easily satisfied then get this game. If you are mature and enjoy a challenge with many times more indepth content, then get EU4, CK2 or HOI3. That's what I think.
game-hours: 938.4
review: I've spent a great deal of time playing this game with a variety of strategies and I would say it is 100% worth it. Although it can start out slow it picks up relatively quickly.
game-hours: 413.0
review: One of the best strategy games ever. It's so easy to lose track of time and get sucked into this game for hours and hours.
game-hours: 1156.3
review: just look at how many hours I've played this game for!
game-hours: 40.8
review: Absolutely love the Civilization games. Civ IV was my favorite but with V out and the new Gods and Kings expansion pack, I can only guess (since I don't have it yet) that this will finally top Civ IV and become my new favorite.
game-hours: 596.7
review: This game is like crack.
game-hours: 412.0
review: be me sit down 8:00pm pst ill just play a little bit.......(12 HOURS LATER) in the middle of a nulclear holocaust wondering what im doing with my life.......so i guess its okay
game-hours: 197.1
review: Thank god for optional difficulty in single player. If you enjoy envying your friends success during online games until rage overtakes your soul and you want nothing more than to watch everything your friends have worked for burn and become nothing but dirt, blood, and . While they angrily beg you for negotiations. Then you will love it. 10/10: Would ruin more friendships over.
game-hours: 212.4
review: I have a hard time not falling into the same path everytime with this game>start civ with goal>abandon goal for shiny wonders>lose to other civ due to lack of ingame points. But, I've spent a lot of hours doing that same exact thing whilst having fun, so this game must be doing something right. 9.5/10
game-hours: 53.2
review: This Game is so good i had no time for a job and there so I quit my job. i soon ran out of money so I had to sell my house to aford the wi-fi. Little did I know you have to have a house for wifi so i bought a car and parked outside of mcdonalds for their wifi until they kicked me out of the lot and i moved to a diffrent mcdonalds everytime until i had to sell my car for gas money. Little did i know you have to have a car to get gas. so here i was with my laptop and a couple of moneys so i started walking to starbucks and playing there. soon i got hungry and had to use my gas money to buy food i soon ran out of money so i started to sell my belongings and eventraly selling all of my clothes. little did i know you need clothes to be in starbucks. I was kicked out. Now here i am behind starbucks hiding in the dumpster writing this review. Please buy this game!!!
game-hours: 87.4
review: this game is fun. buy it
game-hours: 1236.6
review: PLAY FREAKING CIV|
game-hours: 37.1
review: Yup
game-hours: 175.6
review: Sweet jesus the power of a GOD!
game-hours: 56.7
review: This is a game in a series that honestly does not need a review, and I personally feel that anything I say cannont do it enough justice. After many many hours put into this game this never seems to get old. The core gameplay is amazing, also that is open to moders is another large boost factor.
game-hours: 114.1
review: pretty addicting game but it's definitely not optimized. it uses like a gig of ram just on the main menu and loading times are crazy even on decent computers. content-wise it's really great though. beat deity mode in 2 minutes, could use some balance. culture mode = challenge mode. some civs are better than others. religion rush op. i'd say 8/10 actual gameplay, 7/10 overall because of experience in loading screen and ram issues
game-hours: 128.1
review: Sid Civ 5 good. Would play again.
game-hours: 89.6
review: Awesome Game! :)
game-hours: 132.4
review: This game is fun. I like to build a gret nation to take over the world. I build mummies and zombies and no one can touch. I would recommend this game to child or adults. All races and black people.
game-hours: 5.3
review: Nice game, but you get fed up when your greatest ally declares war on you. But other ways, it's awesome.
game-hours: 1294.0
review: Its good. Get it.
game-hours: 255.1
review: 10/10 would buy again, wow, excellent
game-hours: 63.2
review: Words cannot describe this.. Just play it and you'll see for yourself!
game-hours: 219.3
review: good game
game-hours: 140.8
review: got rekt by siam and pc overheated cuz am an  i r8 8/8 m8
game-hours: 78.4
review: addictive and fun
game-hours: 43.1
review: If you're looking for an awesome time sink, look no further. 10/10 would recommend. Simply: AWESOME.
game-hours: 522.2
review: 101/10-It's okay I guess.
game-hours: 68.2
review: Civ5, one of the best strategy games
game-hours: 125.1
review: if you think everyone is out to murder you in life, this game is for you
game-hours: 45.7
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V is a brilliant game with improves the franchise with a good tutorial for new players. There is information avalibal for everything throughout the entire game. There is mods as well like game of thrones or other that improves gameplay. It is a clear must-buy for any one who is a fan of stratgy genrer.
game-hours: 663.2
review: Fantastic game
game-hours: 161.1
review: civ is a nice breath of air form the normal stupid cod and fps that try to imitate war for this feels more warlike them them as its the closest we willl ever get to a war simulation
game-hours: 13.6
review: 11/10 it is amazing to play with freinds or even alone I bought it in the summer sale of 2014 and plan to play hours on end of this game
game-hours: 13.7
review: Love this game so much, it's good in short bursts and long play times... extremely long in some cases (spent 6 hours straight on it lol) It really makes you think of strategies to develop your Civilization and more
game-hours: 81.7
review: this game really addictive you can even build the great wall of america and the statue of liberty in india by the way dont trust ghandi
game-hours: 421.8
review: Amazing game, extremely fun specially with friends. Only glitch that bothers me is the multiplayer "modify and accept without other person receiving counter-offer" glitch. 9.9/10 because of said glitch.
game-hours: 51.7
review: Basically this is all i have to say. The game is great,the units are awesome, and the small cutscences when you meet a new civ are amazing. I highly recomand this game to those who are a fan of the civ series and those who are a fan of strategy. So whats my rating for this? 10\10 One Eyed Dragon approved.
game-hours: 300.2
review: this games is great!!!!
game-hours: 92.5
review: 10/10 beware ghandi the all consuming destroyer of worlds
game-hours: 46.9
review: Not a leaping improvement on Civ IV, how can you even do that? What Civ V does is take another look at it. Beautiful gameplay and style. Would recommend it not only to any Civ fan, but to any strategy game fan. A must buy.
game-hours: 29.4
review: is rly good
game-hours: 46.7
review: why is the multiplayer so slow thats the only important part wow gj obama
game-hours: 8.6
review: ITS SO BORING
game-hours: 40.0
review: Fantastic turn based based strategy game, the political aspect of the gameplay adds a lot of immersion to the experience, as your cunning and persuasiveness can lead to your victory. Varied gamestyles and multiplayer makes these attributes stick out even more when having to interact with real players, wielding a higher level of understanding and reasoning. 8/10 Might not appeal to many gamer's genre interests.
game-hours: 307.5
review: Very well done
game-hours: 69.8
review: all day
game-hours: 162.5
review: GREAT GAME TO ANY FAN OF XCOM: ENEMY UNKNOWN AND TURNED BASE GAMES
game-hours: 16.5
review: a greatgame that makes real hours seem like minutes
game-hours: 42.8
review: If you've ever wanted to have sex, this is probably the game for you
game-hours: 259.2
review: Really enjoy this game and if it could add a battle feature like Total wars then i would say its perfect.
game-hours: 52.2
review: Hands down the best turn-based strategy game. You will come back over and over to this game. The nuances you will discover are incredible and make the game 150% replayable. Just watch out because "just one more turn" will always end up four hours later wondering what time it is.
game-hours: 255.8
review: buy it now
game-hours: 9.1
review: One thing you should know - 10/10 TIME KILLER.
game-hours: 195.1
review: It's a Civilization by SId Meier what can I say? Best strategy game out there, very recomended for playing with friends. - Buy multiple copies of Civ V - Start a LAN party - Buy lots of snacks - First few hours building and expanding - Then all out war - Game over Ghandi massacres everyone - Cry - Go home and realize a day has passed - Cry some more
game-hours: 40.0
review: Its like doing 4 hours of homework
game-hours: 65.1
review: Civ 5 is a great game due to it's : Replay ability It's variable play styles However it's DLC is very expensive (This is a very vague review and if you are looking to buy the game i suggest read a few more detailed review)
game-hours: 141.8
review: Good game
game-hours: 41.4
review: The best Civilization of the series. Realism, great graphics, beatiful interface and fantastic sound. Extremely addicted. You can play lots of hours(12h or more) and not even notice. Always something will desire to build, expand, sent, explore, discover etc. A few turns more....aaa!! Lots of civilazations, lots of different cultures combined mastepiece with armies, science, religions and nations. For the lovers of strategy is a must have.
game-hours: 359.7
review: Perfect game if you want to kill a lot more time than you actually have to spare.
game-hours: 1258.9
review: My favourite game of all time! Just one more turn...
game-hours: 380.3
review: Great strategy game that lets you finally lets you take over the world with ethiopia
game-hours: 159.9
review: Good game!!! You will love it.
game-hours: 1643.2
review: This game is a time vampire...for all the right reasons
game-hours: 28.1
review: awesome
game-hours: 174.1
review: its so cool
game-hours: 97.1
review: This game is one of the best games I have ever played. I have loved ALL of the Sid Meier's games and this one is the best to me. The DLC would make this game entirely out of this world. The only game of this type I think could top this is Distant Worlds only because... MICRO MANAGING RAWR
game-hours: 593.6
review: Liked the game but hated the interface. If there are keyboard shortcuts they are undocumented or hard to find. Played several games before I realized that some of the rules and AI behaviors are undocumented. For example if an artillery unit is hit it loses its long range capability or its capability is altered, sometimes. Passing a great merchant between artillery and a city seems to affect range sometimes but not always. There are other complex dynamics that affect range which cannot always be seen. Fullscreen mode is very difficult, because the slightest touch of the mouse at the edge near to the controls will swing the entire viewing area wildly. Only six items can be programmed in for cities to build, and you cannot preset it to build items that are unavailable yet, which means the same city must be given instructions at least twenty times per game. Any city with a need or any unit with a need will grab focus and move the viewing screen away from whatever its doing. Units must have instructions at all times. It can take twenty various selections to go through a single turn. Levels higher than chieftan take a ridiculous amount of time (in single player), because there is very little opportunity to do anything other than fend off barbarian hostiles. Expect to be playing such a game for a week before you die or give up. Long story short it can take days to play a game through, mainly because of having to make so many selections per turn and overcoming the cheating AI units. Its a fun game with a frustrating interface.
game-hours: 90.8
review: great fun but time consuming game that you will start playing the all of a suddenly it midnight
game-hours: 391.3
review: I bought this game shortly after the start of this year, and already have over 300 hours in it. One of the most strategy intensive and well thought out games of al time.
game-hours: 43.8
review: So before I got this game I think a had a tiny bit of a life, just hnging on by its fingernails. Now, after playing it, that life has been thrown off a cliff, incinerated, and cut up into bite sized pieces. (that means I don't have a life for all those people who can't get what I'm saying)
game-hours: 1521.4
review: Its great and played by many many people just buy it
game-hours: 569.2
review: 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 193.7
review: Ye
game-hours: 54.1
review: <)=---- <)=---- <)=---- <)=---- <)=----
game-hours: 25.1
review: yes
game-hours: 27.1
review: i played 10 hour games and lose XP
game-hours: 75.5
review: Satisfyingly you can play a whole game of this masterpiece LOSE and then WANT to start a whole new game with new ambitions and goals.
game-hours: 169.9
review: Great Buy!
game-hours: 34.8
review: GREAT GAME PLAY! HIGHLY ADDICTIVE
game-hours: 120.0
review: Civilization V is an amazing game that provides all of my strategy-gaming needs. You get to pick from many different civilizations and build them up to win several different victories. It can be difficult when needed, or extremely easy when you're just playing to mess around. I recommend this game to anyone who loves strategy!
game-hours: 52.0
review: Addictive game. Do not play this game if you have anything productive to do.
game-hours: 74.1
review: Very fun, high replayability. (This game also has some awesome mods)
game-hours: 245.8
review: games become amazing when you name your faith analBedes or meth and city starts requesting that you give them meth.
game-hours: 475.8
review: The game can be a little boring without any of the DLCs but with Gods and Kings and/or Brave New World it is a masterpiece.
game-hours: 48.8
review: Great turn-based strategy game. Even more fun with friends on Marathon settings.
game-hours: 508.2
review: So engrossing that i loose time..
game-hours: 190.0
review: Really just a lot of fun, with tons of replayablility. 100% Would recommend, well worth the moeny.
game-hours: 128.9
review: This is one of the greatest games ever made. For anyone who likes startegy games this is the game for you!
game-hours: 184.1
review: 170+ hours on record and at least an extra 100 off record from before, so yea; This game is a lot of fun if youre into strategy games, but be prepared to spend countless nights awake at your PC taking just one more turn
game-hours: 44.9
review: ubercool
game-hours: 186.8
review: Robs you of endless hours.
game-hours: 30.1
review: This game will consume a good chunk of your life. You will constantly find yourself itching for "just one more turn" and then the next thing you know, 3 days have gone by.
game-hours: 470.9
review: For people who played the older Civilization games: This is my second favorite stratagy game of all time (first being Civ4). When I first moved from playing Civ4 to Civ5, I was really disappointed how different it was compared to it's predecessor. After I started playing for a while, this game really grew on me. At first I didn't like how I could not stack land or sea units anymore but having ranged units in this game really spices up the gameplay. For those who have not played Civilization before: This game is not for everyone. It is not a heavy action, real time, stratagy game like Warcraft. It is turn based and is more like a board game because of how units move across hex tiles. If you tend to like this sort of game play, you will probably love this game. If you like having tons of options and different stratagies, this is the game for you. It is easy to learn and the more you play the better you get. I have put alot of hours into this game and every time I start a game I feel like I am better at it than the last game. It seems like chess where you can always get better at it. One more thing I should mention is that the games can take a long, long time to finish. I usually play stardard map on fast and it could take up to 12 hours to finish one game. I highly recommend this game and give it 9 out of 10.
game-hours: 270.2
review: By far the best of its genre, addicting as can be.
game-hours: 50.7
review: India is directly north of England (me) and is constantly trying to slaughter me with guns and cannons while I crush their armies with swords, bows and catapults. 11/10
game-hours: 117.5
review: Kill Gandhi, live another day. Seriously,  Gandhi.
game-hours: 21.9
review: Amazing!
game-hours: 449.7
review: this game is one of the best... if not the best turn based strategy games out there... i have been big fan of civ 4... but now that i played civ 5 with all expansions (that brought a lot of fixes) i must say civ 5 is far better... espionage is fun, exploring, lot of different nations and ways of how to play... the game is fun and it is time sink for sure! but game has few downs: some bugs... and on harder playtroughs diplomacy becomes pain as its really easy to get on nerves of NPCs and really hard to be good with them (that needs still fixing and balancing) and few AI fixes are needed too... not to mention how AI cheats A LOT (having lot of money and being in minus with income, spawing extra military units etc...) only thing i havent tried out yet is multiplayer... but hope in time i will have fun with that too :) but anyway... really good game :)
game-hours: 119.0
review: This game is totes fab #$W4G
game-hours: 81.2
review: A game you can play and literally lose days at a time, then after 20 or so hours of gameplay and lose so it's all been for nothing! Fantastic game, if I ever get bored or have spare time on my hands, throw it on and watch the day disappear. Easy enough to pick up as well, can't wait for next expansion..
game-hours: 229.3
review: 10/10 would develop trust issues again
game-hours: 87.5
review: ing great game, better buy the complete edition and not be a bum like me.
game-hours: 102.4
review: Nice game if they would stop the  DLC system! Make it free! Only ask some money for big expansions. Also make no expansion and expansion compatible in multiplayer!
game-hours: 154.2
review: Incredible depth and tactical gameplay, with its numerous difficulty levels this game will keep you coming back for more. Just... one... more... turn...
game-hours: 617.8
review: This is one of my favorite games. CAUTION: EXTREMLY ADDICTING.
game-hours: 415.1
review: Very good. Inca forever.
game-hours: 151.4
review: It's an amazing game. The graphics are incredible. The actual running of the game is smooth, and it is a very strategic game. Will you win by clture or domination? Which civ will you play as? Who will be your allies? My favourite Steam game by a longshot
game-hours: 336.6
review: Kill that scumbag Ghandi before he nukes you, trust me, he will. 10/10
game-hours: 152.9
review: when trade stops mysteriously  everything and build an army
game-hours: 156.6
review: I love this game! this is one of my favorite games to play, but i dont like how the dlc costs so much
game-hours: 5.6
review: 1245
game-hours: 281.1
review: 11/10. One of the best games i've ever played, Sid Meier again makes a fabulous game. Smooth gameplay and infinite replay value make it top notch! With more than a dozen awesome civs, and DLC that is very much worth the purchase, its a game i asbolutely love. Can't wait for Civilization: Beyond Earth!
game-hours: 954.5
review: This is by far is the best most in depth strategy I have ever played. I would recommend it to any strategy fanatic out there, you can get sucked in to this game for eight hours at a time. I give a huge thumbs up.
game-hours: 51.6
review: So I don't have very many hours on this but let me tell you something this game is a game that you buy if you want to do nothing except this in your free time. This game is even better when you have a friend and you can just screw him over for the fun of it. 20/10 would buy again except I have no monies.
game-hours: 81.4
review: so swag much wow
game-hours: 156.9
review: One of the most addicting games I've ver played! Note to self: Don't EVER trust Ghandi! 10/10
game-hours: 88.8
review: This game has got to be one of the best turn based strategy games in the entire pc gaming universe. I recommend anyone to play this if they have time on their hands and like to have more strategy in gaming.
game-hours: 125.2
review: Sooo many hours of fun with friends
game-hours: 0.1
review: it's fun
game-hours: 76.5
review: Not the greatest CiV game I have played. Not being able to stack units and the hexa-tiles sure makes things different from the previous games. You have to love CiV to look past the flaws to enjoy all the beauty that is this game.
game-hours: 537.2
review: Extremely addictive game, loving the DLC that comes with it and also the many mods that have been created to go with it. Many hours have been lost playing this.
game-hours: 130.3
review: Ahh, civ 5. I've ignored talking to my girlfriend so much because of this game and I love it 10/10
game-hours: 39.6
review: This is a game that will entertain you and you will never want to stop. i recomend this to anyone who like openworld and the civilization series
game-hours: 401.9
review: Amazing game. Best turn-based strat in my opinion
game-hours: 84.1
review: Excellent game. 10/10 Great graphics and everything!
game-hours: 96.5
review: This is one of my favorite games to play, the realistic physics engine and amusing themes cast this game into one of the most difficult and fun strategy games I've ever played, especially now that they have added monetary constraints, the community development is superb and the game is constantly being updated and patched.
game-hours: 482.3
review: The best civ game yet and the DLC improves the vanilla version dramatically. The one thing that has always bothered me about th Civilization series is the diplomatic side of the game is very basic and would love to see some more depth. I love the new hexagon map layout and the replayability of this game is excellent.
game-hours: 50.8
review: A fun turn-based strategy game where you can build your empire and conquer the globe. Its very easy to use and will suck the hours away if you aren't careful. Be careful in the tutorial though, you can't save.
game-hours: 110.9
review: Excellent Game! be sure to Nuke France atleast once!
game-hours: 85.0
review: Firaxis optimising Civ V:
game-hours: 673.8
review: This is the best game ever made for home computer systems.
game-hours: 27.5
review: Civilization 5 is great game to have and play regardles if you are spending 30 minutes or 5 hours at your desk playing it. It is super easy to get into for beginners of almost all ages and provides enough challenge to keep you coming back and trying different setups.
game-hours: 172.3
review: Napoleon offers me a deal. I accept it. He says it isn't good enough. This has happened 4 times. 10/10 would hate the French again.
game-hours: 106.2
review: WHY WOULD I RECOMENED GARBAGE ?
game-hours: 167.1
review: If you have to read a review for this game, it's ok. Just look at the play times we have. 100+ hours of addictive stuff. Warning: not always historically accurate...
game-hours: 614.9
review: The Civilization series is not a game, it is a lifestyle, so much to the extent that your involvement in it will socially segregate you from those who are not familiar with it. 10/10 Would lose any sense of normality again.
game-hours: 190.1
review: This game is wonderful (pun intended). Even vanilla is great, offering thousands of combinations of various elements for hundreds of hours of game play. Add in Gods and Kings (and the other expansion: Brave New World [BNW]) for even more 'legit' options, and you open the door for hundreds of workshop add-ons which require those packs. I mean, wow! So much content! Having never played multiplayer I can't vouch for that, yet, but single player is good (add in an intelligent AI from the workshop and you're even better off) and holds the ever attractive 'not having to wait for a response' aspect. The graphics are okay, but to be realistic, this isn't the kind of game you play for graphics, and spending time improving the graphics would actually be detrimental (lag, lag, lag), so for what you get, they're great. This game does have some technical issues, most of them you can find solutions or walkthroughs for (i.e. Macs downloading from workshop are going to have a tedious b*tch of a time getting mods installed right). This game has a really good bang-for-your-buck ratio, especially if you buy it on sale (my grandmother actually picked me up the vanilla hard copy for $10 around Christmas) here or elsewhere. The most expensive expansion is BNW, even on sale it can be expensive, but if you see it on sale I'd recomend it. The workshop, for this game, is just stunning, you can find wonderful things there and while there aren't as many options for vanilla you can still find a lot of extras. All that being said, this is the kind of game you marathon for eighteen hours three days in a row and then set down for a month, only to return and forget where you were: so be careful about your convuluted, devious schemes, because in a game this big keeping track of what you were going to do two-months ago when you set it down, can be tough. Pros: king of content, good graphics, good bundles, easy to get into, difficult to master. Neutral: Cross OS differences. Cons: lag, multiplayer connection errors, long game, time consuming, glitches/errors.
game-hours: 40.8
review: Honestly one of the most addicting games ever!! Dont play this before bed, or you will be up all night!!
game-hours: 238.0
review: A great game.
game-hours: 585.1
review: Epic. Brave New World Add on is also epic.
game-hours: 149.4
review: Incredibly fun, BUY NOW
game-hours: 137.3
review: WARNING: Only play this game when you have run out of series to watch. When there are no more movies on your wishlist. When you've played every game in your library. Be sure to set multiple alarms at 3 hour intervals. For when you start this game, 12 hours will pass without you noticing. You will completely miss the sunset. And sunrise. And wonder why you're hungry again, seeing as you just ate a large pizza. When in fact that was about 9 hrs ago. If you don't mind the loss of time. And love building your own empires, this might just be the game for you.
game-hours: 116.2
review: With G&K, this is an incredibly fun game. Founding and spreading religions, spying, and conquering has really improved from the last games.
game-hours: 1.7
review: time machine
game-hours: 162.0
review: Great turn based strategy game and interesting changes to this series of game.
game-hours: 160.6
review: i played this game for hours!!! one of the best 4k games i have ever played + it is one of the best strategy games! i recommend it to everyone
game-hours: 402.9
review: Civilization 5 was the first Sid Meier's game I ever played, I don't know what to expect. I have loved every minute of Civ5, It's one of the the few games I can lose so very very badly and with a grin start again only to get nuked off the face of the planet by Gandhi. I didn't see Gandhi coming like at all. WE WERE SO COOL WITH EACH OTHER THEN BOOM NUKES EVERYWHERE THE HORROR. Still have nightmares about it 20/10 everyone join the madness :D
game-hours: 114.5
review: Great multiplayer stratagey game. If you're more into stratagy apposed to zerg rushing you have a fair amount of fun with civilization's multiple paths to victory.
game-hours: 364.1
review: Amazing game, soooooooooo many hours lost to this puppy! Get involved, try out all the different variations to victory! You just can't get bored!
game-hours: 757.1
review: Some would argue that Civ V dumbed things down from Civ IV. I would argue the opposite - IV had overcomplicated the genre, and I think V has brought back the accessibility of the franchise, whilst stepping up the graphics and AI. One of my favourite games.
game-hours: 67.1
review: Gandhi, Acquire Hexes.
game-hours: 241.3
review: **** this game. **** it's bull**** options that are bull**** and do bull**** things. You want to play with a friend? You want to start in the same general area as your friend? While on a team? Against all the other ai? HAHAHAHAHAHA NOPE! our options here at civ 5 are bull**** lying trash and we **** in your faces. Enjoy never being able to have the game you want, thanks for the money. 138 hours of reloading the game to try and get a spawn with a friend ANYWHERE CLOSE while the option START TOGETHER is selected vs Emporer Bots. NOPE! Because here at 2k sports it's in the game! As long as it isnt an actual options menu that matters!!! Eat butt.
game-hours: 489.1
review: meh... its alright
game-hours: 127.9
review: I've played this game at least 20 times and never finished it. 10/10.
game-hours: 515.9
review: Its ok
game-hours: 114.2
review: If you have 10+ hours that you are willing to spend on one round of a game then this is for you.
game-hours: 45.6
review: Play this game if you like micromanaging numbers and the feeling of success when your numbers are higher than your opponents'. The only non-numbers thing is positioning (of cities and units). And I suppose diplomacy. The gameplay is very good though. It has a moderately steep learning curve, but once you understand the mechanics and learn the costs of everything you will start to think more strategically and that's when it becomes fun.
game-hours: 32.6
review: Love the game, the graphics, and gameplay. it's easy to play and fun. I Give it a 5 Star Rating and a 10/10. anyone who loves strategy games will love this.
game-hours: 282.0
review: )
game-hours: 120.4
review: It's a good game.
game-hours: 183.4
review: If you like strategy, this game is a must have!
game-hours: 105.0
review: this is a fun game i highly recommend it
game-hours: 22.8
review: Really fun game. Only downside is that it sucks your life away with all the hours put into it.
game-hours: 41.2
review: While the game gets a little bit repetitive in it's gameplay over time, every playthrough is different enough to keep players interested. The game is challenging, fun, and captivating. It is also highly, highly addictive. The DLCs really add to the gameplay, but the game is still fun without them. Highly reccomended, 8.5/10.
game-hours: 22.5
review: This game is great. I love the gameplay and the combat style. The only complaint I have is how expensive the DLC is.
game-hours: 86.8
review: This is the first Civilization game i have played, so it took a solid 45 minutes to learn how to play the game effeciently, but it is worth it because the game is a lot of fun. If you can get past that initial 45 minutes - 1 hour of learning the in's and out's of the game, you will love playing it.
game-hours: 1345.3
review: 10/10 Would Bang
game-hours: 308.9
review: Any one up for 12h+ game? maybe? That said, great game! Your best bet is to wait till there is a summer / winter sale to buy the games and dlcs (cheaper 75%) . And as always, watchout for Gandhi...
game-hours: 32.5
review: feels like I used a time machine when I play.. that can only be good right ?
game-hours: 677.8
review: ...Just... One... More... Button... This game is EPIC! Well worth the purchase (esp on sale day)! I strongly suggest you get the expansions as they add GREAT elements to the game, as well as some common sense fixes to technology and military progression. Ranged/Melee Ships become available throughout the game. Archers can upgrade throughout the game. Iron isnt necessary for early seige units. Just some really great stuff that makes your gaming experience all the more pleasureable... just... Press that button one more time... and watch your days disappear 10/10
game-hours: 212.6
review: This game was one of the best strategy games I have ever played.
game-hours: 2892.1
review: world best turn based strategy game of it type, none come close
game-hours: 257.4
review: 9/10 it's alright game of the year
game-hours: 156.6
review: Another game that will syphon hours of your life. The expansions are good too.
game-hours: 48.8
review: if ghandi has uranium......run
game-hours: 110.8
review: I never played this series before Civilization REVOLUTION for the Xbox360 and at the time I found the game a little underwhelming. I saw this come out and I immediately fell in love with it! It has enough complexity for those with strategies and yet it doesn't fully require you to take advantage of said complexity to win a game...
game-hours: 171.8
review: What the hell are you doing!? STOP READING MY REVIEW AND GO GET NUKED BY GHANDI!!!
game-hours: 121.9
review: Buy nOW
game-hours: 2899.7
review: I think my # of hours played speaks for itself. Once I figured this game out I was addicted for sure! I
game-hours: 85.2
review: This is going to be a very biased opinion because I love this game! Choose your nation and make them into the greatest faction the world has ever known. You can start in ancient or modern eras and pursue one or all of an array of victory conditions. One of the best turn based strategy games around. Multiple ways to attain victory. Crush your enemies with a powerful military, pursue peace with culture and diplomacy, or choose to study the sciences and who knows what you may uncover. +Several Leaders to Select from +Great Gameplay +Plenty of Maps +Multiple Victory Conditions +You can go about the game in many different ways
game-hours: 10.7
review: I really do love this game. Even better get it on sale for $5 off!
game-hours: 44.2
review: I told myself I'd get off after one more turn. I've been playing for 10 hours straight. 10/10
game-hours: 127.4
review: I have always been a fan of Civilization and this is the best one so far. It sucks they only added religion through DLC but atleast its there. This is definitly a fun strategy game with some serious replay. Multiplayer has always been my focus when dealing with Civ. The multiplayer is fantastic and I have spent countless hours struggling against my friends and others online. The base game itself was weaker than I wanted it to be but with the addition of the major DLCs such as Brave New World there has been much added to the game that makes it feel whole.
game-hours: 78.1
review: good game
game-hours: 57.6
review: This game is great, but to get the full experience the Brave New World expansion is a must have at this point. I have stacked almost 50 hours into the game and just now started playing on "Prince" difficulty. I've had the most fun playing while drinking with some buds. 10/10
game-hours: 117.0
review: To Hell with the Barbarians!
game-hours: 101.4
review: Oh good lord.....its good.
game-hours: 132.2
review: This game is as close to time travel to the future as is currently possible by mankind. You start playing, and five minutes later you realize that, for everyone else, two hours had passed.
game-hours: 17.3
review: Gandhi's a
game-hours: 409.1
review: Yeeeeeaaaah i need to stop playing this
game-hours: 171.4
review: pros: it has nukes cons: it has ghandi
game-hours: 146.4
review: so much fun. addictive and educational. yep i said it. learn bits of history witht he vanilla setup of the game. learn how leaders like gnadhi n such were. anyways its a great turn based strategy with a indepth game and great military units. shame i never have time b4 conquering the world to make buildings in citys so much
game-hours: 137.7
review: good game!
game-hours: 111.5
review: Amazing Game, I Could Play It All Day.
game-hours: 795.1
review: With the 2 major expansions Civ V has risen it's complexity to finally stand up to Civ IV with it's rich gameplay. And since Brave New World was patched to fix the balance of World Congress diplomacy, culture influence and turism, the fans can at last consider picking Civ V as their favorite civilization game of all time. It's so good in fact, that despite over 650 hours of playing, it continues to give me a bad case of the "just 1 more turn" syndrome. Don't come close to this game if you still want to have a life.
game-hours: 81.0
review: Ultimate game, build your own empire.
game-hours: 102.7
review: I launched a cruise missle at poland's missionaries... They denounced me 10/10
game-hours: 5.6
review: Can't be Hitler 0/10
game-hours: 341.0
review: Addiction refined. Very, very addicting. Great replayabilty. Buy it now.
game-hours: 140.6
review: A friend had told me about civilization for a while now, and I finally decided to pick it up during the summer sale. Glad I did! Civ is an awesome game so far and I literally instantly got hooked on it the first time I played. Multiplayer is amazing so far even with just playing with one friend. Awesome game!
game-hours: 431.4
review: Buy. This. Game. I have over 400 hours invested into this game and it has not gotten boring yet. Make sure you get the downloadable content with it. It makes a huge difference and brings all new and exciting ways to play to the table. You have to be careful when playing this game because you will start playing and "bam" next thing you know you have been playing for 6 hours straight. One of the best games I have ever bought. There is one con to this game. When playing online make sure you try and play with all human players so there are few or no AI's playing with you. This is because for some reason the AI's wont declare war on anyone while it is in online mode. They will in single player, just not online. Honestly that is the only negative thing I have found about this game. Word of advice, the Zulus are s and Mahatma Gandhi is an even bigger . 9.5/10
game-hours: 64.5
review: Rome and india are A**holes
game-hours: 87.2
review: Played for 5 hours straight when I got it. 11/10
game-hours: 921.8
review: Good game, spent hours playing it to death. No regrets. The AI is somewhat stupid but the difficulty settings make it quite the challenge. Lots of replayability and great multiplayer to go along with it.
game-hours: 45.4
review: I find myself playing this game for hours on end.
game-hours: 321.9
review: "One of my all time favourite games to play on steam"
game-hours: 287.4
review: "one of my all time favourite games to play on steam"
game-hours: 0.7
review: i got the game and steam when i hit play i choice the version but then i dosent work HELP
game-hours: 35.4
review: the game is fun to play! i whas playing this game 9 houres straight! and i coud not stop! if you like strategy games like me or haven`t tried that type of game! its super fun and you shoud buy it! :)
game-hours: 114.2
review: AWESOME 2K GAME
game-hours: 41.8
review: Game is very addictive, wish the game would let you control tax levels for your empire and control the amount of money you with to spend each turn on research.Overall its a good game that I recommend.
game-hours: 133.9
review: I have seen some negative reviews on this game. Ignore them! This game is awesome! Get it and all the expansions and DLC and you will not regret it. Have a great day!
game-hours: 465.9
review: Civilization is one of those games that will never get old. For strategy fans this game is a must-have, and with all of the maps, civilizations, steam workshop items, and competitive multiplayer, this game will continue to suck up all of your freetime for years to come. Civlilization 5 is easily one of the best strategy games that I have ever played (it's up there with the original Supreme Commander and Sins of a Solar Empire). I don't know how many times I have watched the sun set, loaded up a new game of civ, finish the game, and then stand up and strech while I watch the sun rise. I have discovered very few bugs/glitches, and really don't have anything bad to say about this game. Easily 10/10 for me.
game-hours: 426.3
review: It's a time machine. Just one turn since call to power.
game-hours: 233.1
review: Great Game with friends I would recommend though if you are going to playing multiplayer to get all the DLC it is really important a lot of small fixes that make multiplayer actually tons of fun just play one game of no DLC and play one with and you will see the difference is huge.
game-hours: 334.3
review: Gandhi wants to bathe in my blood because I exist. 10 outta 10
game-hours: 132.9
review: I spend far too much time on this game. Loved them all.
game-hours: 236.5
review: Because of this game I have had many sleepless nights, many aggressive verbal onslaughts with virtual people, and made me feel like I could conquer the world. This game has taken up literal days of my life and occupied my time more in class than actually learning, it is more addicting than morphine. Highly recommend 15/10
game-hours: 54.3
review: Never thought i'd get into a game like this but now i'm addicted!
game-hours: 722.8
review: great game. gets addictive though.
game-hours: 251.7
review: Civ 5 is very much differnt then the other civs in many smalls ways which makes it a big way. i personally love this game, its hard to seige a castle, but its not impossible, and can even be easy if you know how to do it. it can be as easy or as complicated as you want. as easy because it can all be done automatic and all you need to do is watch, to as complicated because you can micro manage everything, including where your citizens work. Civ 5 has a play style for everyone who likes turn based simulations. from dominating everyone, to being the best in a curtain amount of time, to being great friends with everyone. i strongly recommend this game, and as a hint to winning. pick a way of winning and stick to it. there are many ways to win, and if you stick with one, you will win.
game-hours: 87.5
review: This game is really good. It puts you in place of a ruler and lets you build a civilisation from scratch. It's a great experiece and can even be educational. 9/10 ps very addictive approach with caution
game-hours: 176.9
review: Just buy it if you haven't, worth the money. Get the expansions aswell, they're amazing. As in the game itself, you spend countless hours with different civilzations that you can play as on different kinds of maps that you choose. There's a lot of types of victory; being science, culture, diplomatic, dominance, etc. There's different eras you progress through and with science you get new buildings, units, etc. I have spent A LOT of hours into this game and I'm still not bored of it.
game-hours: 59.9
review: ghandi
game-hours: 54.0
review: I absolutely love this game, cant stop playing!
game-hours: 108.0
review: > Open Steam > Just a short game of Civ 5 > Suddenly I'm 92 and have no job, career, or friends > One... more... turn! > Now 184 years old > Get award for being oldest person alive > Don't care > Just want to play Civ 5
game-hours: 504.7
review: The highly moddable nature of this game really adds considerably to the life of this game. Tools are provided to allow users to do anything from adding new civiliations, to changing the UI, to changing game rules and AI behavior. Definitely worth a look for anyone who is a fan of turn-based strategy.
game-hours: 475.6
review: Game is Awesome, Well thoughtout, and plays so nicely. Hats off to Sid Meier's.
game-hours: 89.1
review: Fun game which can make you think but be ready to spend a large amount of time winning the match.
game-hours: 124.9
review: I wake up and look outside to see a great day. " I think I might go outside today." I say. But steam pops up on my desktop. " But look jake," my pc teases. " I have Civ 5 up for you and only one more turn wouldn't hurt. I sit down and look at my screen and think " whats the worst thing that can happen?" Days later my finger sting from the blisters covering them. My steam feed says 420 hrs. In last week. I crawl to my bed and fall back asleep only to repeat the cycle again tommorow.
game-hours: 75.5
review: Keep an eye on Ghandi
game-hours: 79.4
review: Great turn based stragedy game. Love it.
game-hours: 55.5
review: Simply great!
game-hours: 170.1
review: Time suck extraordinaire.
game-hours: 140.2
review: It's great for experimenting with Civs by your self, but even better when you go up against friends.
game-hours: 477.6
review: WARNING: This game has a tendency to try and consume your life. I must say I try to only play this game occasionally, reason being it sucks you in and doesnt let go, I have passed the 390 hour mark and still find myself saying just one more turn. If you like this type of strategy game you will not be disappointed and will gain a massive time sink in your life, P.S, Dont trust Ghandi!
game-hours: 8.4
review: I Played the Demo great fun also watched youtubers play it Recommend 10/10 also Recommend the DLC Brave New World 10/10! Great Strategy Game for those who want to play with friends or alone RULE YOUR WORLD AND CONQURER OTHER FACTIONS.
game-hours: 128.9
review: This is a great turn-based strategy game that I would highly recommend.
game-hours: 115.6
review: Very fun and tactical, provides hours of entertainment.
game-hours: 427.2
review: very entertaining game
game-hours: 32.7
review: It is currently not my favorite of the series, but still a good game. I do not yet have the expansions but I intend to purchase them and I understand that they improve the game.
game-hours: 89.6
review: Don't believe the haters; if you like turn based strategy games purchase this immediately; if you have never played turn based strategy games before purchase this immediately as it is an excellent entry-level title with a smooth learning curve.
game-hours: 113.9
review: I definitely reccomend this game for those of you who loves strategy game to your core. You will learn a lot from this game. Starting with how to build your own population, how to maintain happiness in your civilization, how to achieve greatness by working together, and finally how to understand how HUMAN MIND Works! Try it, or better yet BUY IT!
game-hours: 15.8
review: Started the game up once and stuck for 5 hours straight, Great game!
game-hours: 1.9
review: there great!
game-hours: 262.3
review: I don't have enough money for the expansions, but I play this game a lot. Gift me if you love Jesus, if notyou are an obvious Satanist.
game-hours: 395.8
review: Since the new expansion this is a must have.
game-hours: 251.2
review: MP is buggy - die for the rest.
game-hours: 56.7
review: I like it all!!!!!!
game-hours: 157.2
review: An absolute must-have for any PC gamer. It's easy to get into, while at the same time has a great degree of complexity. It has infinite replayability and can be a massive time sink. The base game is solid, but make sure to get at least the Gods and Kings expansion for a better experience.
game-hours: 166.9
review: It's... it's beautiful.
game-hours: 189.6
review: one of the best turn-based strategy game...one more turn
game-hours: 121.6
review: Super Awesome
game-hours: 135.0
review: Just one more turn... Hours later, one more turn is 200+ turns ago. Addicitve, 10/10
game-hours: 33.4
review: The release date of this game was truly a glorious for PC gaming. 10/10
game-hours: 164.3
review: oodles of fun with my friends! When I'm bored (and I already fapped) I just whip this out and all my problems are solved!
game-hours: 346.8
review: One more turn.....
game-hours: 542.5
review: a nice stratagie game fore the people who love the genre
game-hours: 223.7
review: Absolutley Fantastic, I... Cryed.
game-hours: 255.8
review: Come play wiff me.
game-hours: 142.9
review: I know people have some gripes with this game, but with the new expansion packs this game could be one of the funnest turn based strategies out there. It's very unique and a very fun game to play at a lan party. I recommend this game.
game-hours: 85.2
review: So much fun to play with friends. However, be forwarned...this game can ruin lives and friendships.
game-hours: 58.4
review: When you consider all the time, that I played the game on this moment, I think I can already write this review. I was completely swept game, when started it. I fell in love with it, at first sight. It is was unbelievable feeling. One of the best strategy what i ever seen. In this game you have might endless possibilities! Many nuances management our country, develop its own choice and own rules. You decide, it would be great conquest or diplomacy, or maybe you are strong in science? All these aspects are certainly meet you and will stand on the threshold selection...But what it will be? Remember about your neighborhood. What if they gonna war with you, what if they start to fight with you, so suddenly? And you disappointed, lost, don't know what to do next? I think i have some answers to you. Make a union. Bigger friends, who can defeat your enemies and protect from another problems. And many many another. Just load the game. Also it will offer you company, multiplayer and single against bots. Find treasures, build wonders of the world, increasing its power to certain characteristics. Logical part, fountain of emotions and nights with your best friend... Buy it at least for this! Thanks for reading this review, good luck, If you think to create a civilization, standing century :) My assessment: 9/10 ( Unfortunately i find some bags with powerful in multiplayer, if you try to play with 6 and more people) P.S. This problem is solved with fast Internet connection of the host and players.
game-hours: 357.6
review: One of the Best turn based stategy games. If you like stategy and a bit of history, you'll like this one :)
game-hours: 107.3
review: brilliant game
game-hours: 81.4
review: You know a games awesome when you get war declared on you by Ghandi. GHANDI like it is just the best game EVER BUY IT NOW.
game-hours: 298.4
review: Its the next Great in a long line of Sid's games
game-hours: 93.2
review: Overall vastly superior to Civ 4 but still lacks nuance with road building and other common actions. Well worth the DLC investment too.
game-hours: 159.8
review: One of the best 4X game series in existance. I've happily wasted many an hour on Civ V.
game-hours: 204.6
review: I highly reccommend this game for anyone who likes a good strategy game.
game-hours: 596.3
review: Its fun.
game-hours: 71.0
review: This game is HIGHLY addictive...Everything that you were use to in civ 4 was changed, The changes of course were amazing. Of course i still suck at the game but hey im learning :P
game-hours: 609.4
review: One of the best ones, not as good as Civilization II multiplayer gold edition, but still a good game.
game-hours: 164.9
review: I spend at least 12 hours everytime i play.
game-hours: 277.2
review: Great strategy game I have played so far apart from World in Conflict. Very unique and dynamic multiplayer environments and a rather steady playerbase.
game-hours: 1158.1
review: Great Game.
game-hours: 181.4
review: I definitely reccomend this game to anyone who enjoys strategic turn battles and taking over the world. Also, Genghis Khan can form an alliance with Napoleon Bonaparte :D.
game-hours: 52.7
review: Civ V. Awesome and addicting game, nuff said. 10/10
game-hours: 108.9
review: THIS GAME IS EXTREMELY ADDICTING AND FUN A MUST BUY
game-hours: 20.6
review: Now, this game is amazing...of course you're gonna need the DLC Brave New World to get the full experiance that you should have, which the gold edition does include for cheaper. I bought the Gold edition whenever it was out for sale that had took off a lot of the price. Personally, I would wait for it to go on another sale to get it because it is a pretty high price without the sale. So, overall I would say it would get a 4/5 star rating with Brave New World, base game on only 2.5/5. It just does'nt have a good enough amount of game with it. So, yes I would definitley reccomend this game to anyone looking for an amazing 4X game they can play with friends or solo.
game-hours: 149.7
review: Civilization, what is to say? even Metascore gave it a 90/100, The Civilization franchise is a wildly popular one for good reason, the interactive aspects of every idea, good connections to history, and the possibilities of what you can do, these all lead the a good times both alone, or with friends, the two big DLC of this game, Gods and Kings, and Brave new world offer alot of new things never really expanded on before, such as Spying on other Civilizations, starting a Religion, and more, all in all, I support the civilization series through and through
game-hours: 3.2
review: Civ 5 is a very interdependent game copying the phyics from go go ninja boreo. Each of these games consist of one of the players using their fedoras to seduce their enemies untill loving them to a point where one cant love anymore.
game-hours: 38.1
review: one of the Best stradegy games out there
game-hours: 73.4
review: Absolutely fantastic CIV game. Totally recommend if you are a fan of the series.
game-hours: 722.8
review: I don't play this game often but when I do its for hours. The tile system does add an extra level to the tactics of war. However, on the easy settings you can just buldoze the AI. on the hard settings the AI can just buldoze you. I enjoy playing mods now that i have quite a bit of playtime in. Being able to play with a new research tree(s) makes this a game you can replay over the years.
game-hours: 51.9
review: Sid Meier's Civilisation 5, an an excellent game. I had a good friend recommend it to me and at first I was like "this isn't really my type of game" but when I saw there was a demo for me to try out (finally), I tied it out, then I played for ten minutes, then 30 minutes, and before I knew it I was up to two hours! It's one of those games that really takes the saying "time flies when you're having fun" to a whole new level. I just had to have it and I don't regret it one bit. It is well worth spending a mere $29.99 to own. A true keeper. There are several ways to win the game whether by command and conquer through war, being the most cultured player, or even the most technologically advanced. I plan on trying all the different types of victories because this game has a high replay value for me. Try the demo and buy it up because it's one of those games that has become a classic series. I highly recommend this game.
game-hours: 288.7
review: Good game
game-hours: 64.5
review: Amazing game .
game-hours: 10.4
review: Ridiculously addictive game. Sunk many an hour into Civ 4 and this is just as good if not better.
game-hours: 93.9
review: jesus the christ this game is so addicting with a turn taking system and grate ai you my sit in your chair for about a day or two just to finish you can tell yourself only one more turn but if that where the case how could gandhi nuke you
game-hours: 143.5
review: ,       ,       -     32  !!!!!!!            ,        .
game-hours: 145.2
review: You don't need sleep - you need Civ
game-hours: 144.2
review: Amazing game with lots of depth. I find myself saying 'Just one more turn...' and then playing for another hour. I never regret it though, that's how good this game is.
game-hours: 477.4
review: very good
game-hours: 186.4
review: Fedt spil :)
game-hours: 74.0
review: this game is truly amazing especially if u get the complete edition. you basically manage an entire country u built up from nothing and makhere are make it a global superpower. there are countless countries to play as as many custom governments u can create (the custom government thing is only in the complete edition and brave new world). you can declare war on countries and maybye take over the world if u want. Also this game has a very complex political system that is great for negotiating complex deals. there are 5 ways to win th game whicheach are all funt try out. this game will give you months of entertainment. 10/10 amazing game
game-hours: 250.8
review: This is a great game for anyone who enjoys turn based stragtegy games with intricate and detailed city evolution.
game-hours: 115.6
review: If you like a game that you have to think this is the game for you
game-hours: 347.6
review: One of the best Civilization of the series. The game got simpler but without losing its identity and feeling.
game-hours: 76.5
review: I've wasted too many hours playing this game. Like yo, it's addicting. Seriously. In the best possible way. A wait and rage fest. Get this baby.
game-hours: 30.8
review: yeah okayo
game-hours: 333.6
review: Awesome game. Great strategy, and doesn't get old. 5/5
game-hours: 48.9
review: I highly recommend this gem of a game.
game-hours: 150.4
review: Best modern strategy game hands down.
game-hours: 61.9
review: one of the best games ever...
game-hours: 83.6
review: not gay
game-hours: 68.7
review: It's no 3 but it's still better than 4. Ghandi is a , btw. 10/10 would nuke him again.
game-hours: 264.8
review: great game, nearly 300 hours played and still fun and with an untold number of awesome mods to always keep it fresh. i can only expect this game to be popular for the next many years.
game-hours: 124.3
review: Be careful... Very addictive
game-hours: 1341.7
review: My go to game for playing. Glad they added religion to the expansion as well as artifacts. The only issue I have had is not getting very far on the tech tree no matter what game speed I play on. This is true for the other civ's I play against. I have heard that from other people as well.
game-hours: 21.7
review: just one more turn...
game-hours: 16.9
review: Good game, LIttle over priced .
game-hours: 114.4
review: Very fun game to play, racked many hours on solo and on multiplayer. Would definitely recommend this game to anyone :D
game-hours: 163.8
review: Amazing game.
game-hours: 16.8
review: as the astects ride nearer they have brought all there millitary troups to the war they started its six to 2 citys with cannons 1 horseman troup and 2 war chairiot troup witch im pretty sure only egypt can get sinces it one os rameesees abillitys anyway i wipe out more then half and the astrects  out and decide to make a peac treaity wotch i sigh and i know i won because egypt  yea ten outta ten
game-hours: 310.2
review: 5/5 maistu silakka
game-hours: 392.8
review: Just Awesome!
game-hours: 315.8
review: Just one more turn... Addicting!
game-hours: 14.1
review: WRECK YOUR ENEMIES' SOULS AND TAKE THEM AS YOUR OWN. BECOME ALLIES AND THEN TAKEEVERYTHING THEY LOVE. IF THEY TRY TO GIVE YOU A PEACE TREATY, DENY THAT . WATCH OUT FOR GHANDI.
game-hours: 552.7
review: Sooo Awsome!
game-hours: 64.4
review: Just 1 more turn always turns into 3 o'clock in the morning lol . Brilliant game .
game-hours: 134.6
review: Absolutely amazing game and well worth buying. Great fun and very involved. Multiplayer could use some tuning though.
game-hours: 34.9
review: As a bad RTS player, I recommend Civilization as it is turn-based ;). Anyway, the nation you guide in the game, organized in cities, has a very deep but easily approachable management system, and advancing through the game is very satisfactory.
game-hours: 210.5
review: One of the best strategy games i have ever played. Dlc makes it even better but still great without
game-hours: 222.0
review: It's the best strategy game on pc! after the first game you will not to be able to live with out it!!!
game-hours: 36.3
review: start up a game of civ 5, lose a day of life, worth it
game-hours: 343.6
review: Isn't it ironic how you can build an entire civilisation but yur real world comes crumbling down around you... Great game, it was worth throwing my social life out of the window for.
game-hours: 52.6
review: Definitely a good game. Though, if you're not getting the complete edition don't buy. Definitely not worth buying if you're only going to get the base game. The DLC and Expansions really form the game. On to the checks! Steam workshop? Double Check. Replayability? Double Check. Friend friendly? Eh. It's to your liking. Insomniac gameplay? Eh. But some games take forever. Be warned. PC must-have? CHECK
game-hours: 2924.2
review: Best game ever, period. With the countless mods and continued updates, this thing never gets old. Then again, i still play Civ3 when i am bored. buy it!
game-hours: 170.8
review: amazing
game-hours: 78.4
review: this game is the .
game-hours: 1011.8
review: Civ has the most replay value of any game I have played. The different civilizations and random starting positions actually make you choose differnt strategies from game to game.
game-hours: 375.3
review: AMAZING
game-hours: 11.5
review: Great Steam Workshop Coummnity
game-hours: 29.9
review: I have become a new world god in this game. Every country bows down to me and gives me resources in exchange for their safety. Anyone who even steps within range of my cities becomes a blazing inferno within my endless barage of nukes and giant death robots. 20/10 would be biggest dirtbag in history again.
game-hours: 62.0
review: Best Strategy Game Ever 10/10
game-hours: 115.1
review: Best 50 hours I've spent so far.
game-hours: 115.1
review: Best 50 hours I've spent so far.
game-hours: 5.6
review: Absolutely addictive, as deep as the ocean if you want it to be, but accessible even for casual gamers.
game-hours: 93.2
review: IT FUN
game-hours: 322.9
review: Play it once, shame on you Play it twice, shame on the game Play it trice, and you're addicted
game-hours: 168.9
review: A great turn-based strategy game where you lead your chosen civilization to victory. It plays kind of like a giant board game that manages to be deep and engaging without getting too complicated. It can be a bit overwhelming at first, but after one or two games against the AI you'll understand everything about the game. Oh, and get the DLC. The base game is just alright, but the Gods and Kings and Brave New World DLC make it SO much better.
game-hours: 34.8
review: Takes a really long time to play, but it's pretty worth it if you've got some friends to play it with.
game-hours: 231.8
review: This is one of my favourite games ever, i love all the strategy involved, as well as the differnt ways to win and progress.it is also so cool that you can build the great wonders and be one of history's great leaders.
game-hours: 172.2
review: I won the game on Babylon, even though they died out at about 334 B.C. 11/10 would defy history again
game-hours: 159.1
review: good game if you like command and conquer series you will love this game in my opinion the singleplayers the best part multiplayer is a pain in the backside
game-hours: 605.9
review: Great fun game. Linux port is very stable. 0 crashes in over 250 hours of play.
game-hours: 35.6
review: DON'T TRUST GANDHI. NUKE HIM FIRST.
game-hours: 1107.8
review: I've played every version of Civilization incuding the original on 4 3.5 floppy disks. Each edition I think gets better and this is no different. The playability is solid and I've put in enough hours on this game to be a solid airline pilot.
game-hours: 116.3
review: While not as good as Civilization 4, still a worthy title for the Civ franchise and the expansions make is much more deep.
game-hours: 41.0
review: No need to say anything same old deep and addictive game :)
game-hours: 191.4
review: I still don't get why people say this game is addictive.
game-hours: 13.6
review: My god, Sid Meier, you have outdone yourself. This game is the best in strategy that I've played, and widely multiplayer for those of you looking for a game to play with friends. The price is definitely worth paying; despite the thirty USD price, or sixty for the bundle, this game is full of things you can do. For those who like war games or even just building a city, this game is for you.
game-hours: 660.9
review: I love this game, it is a great game, but civ 4 was better and more complex, this is easier than civ 4 and the ai does need alot of work considering its backstabing and the ability to not make true longlasting friends with the ai as a ally.
game-hours: 350.1
review: It's great. It's also a crude time machine.
game-hours: 807.4
review: Amazing game, proberley the best stratedy game i have ever played. Strongley recommend for any person who enjoys stratedy games.
game-hours: 62.6
review: Awesome game !
game-hours: 42.8
review: >Played as Bismarck of Germany >Founded capital city, Berlin >Built my empire >Built the great wall of Berlin >Stopped all commies defecting to the west 10/10 would divide a nation again
game-hours: 652.9
review: Love this game. 500+ houres loged. Single player is fun but i would recomend getting a bunch of your friends together every once and a while on TS or steam chat and go at it for a while. Beware however that this game will test those friendships!!
game-hours: 239.0
review: it's alright
game-hours: 213.0
review: There's a mod to make Hitler the leader of Germany. -Then you can make Judaism Germany's religion -Be friends with England, America, Russia, and France -And finally, win the diplomatic victory -Enough said Write your own history book simulator 2014: 10/10
game-hours: 65.5
review: JUST WASTE YO MONEY AND BUY IT VERY ADDICTIVE STRONGLY RECOMMEND GETTING THE DLCS
game-hours: 367.9
review: Masterpiece TBS!
game-hours: 226.0
review: Awesome game.
game-hours: 174.9
review: I read one review that referred to Civ as "filling up buckets" and that made me think.
game-hours: 295.9
review: love this game! smeels like my cat died in my house somewhere but i domianted the world lol
game-hours: 95.9
review: great game
game-hours: 134.3
review: An amazing game that will suck you in for hours on end, if you like anything to do with strategy and civilization building then you need to try this game
game-hours: 73.7
review: play, nuke everything mission accomplished
game-hours: 349.3
review: Good old Civ with a few new twists. I'm especially happy about the army stacking going away.
game-hours: 309.0
review: Awesome game, totally addictive. But be warned - you will lose hours of your life to this...
game-hours: 103.9
review: Fun and addictive way to pass some time.
game-hours: 281.8
review: I would reccomend this game to anyone, but if you do get this this game I would strongly recommend that also got the gods and kings and the brave new world dlc.
game-hours: 1506.5
review: warning: very addicting
game-hours: 7.3
review: This is a hexagonal, turn based Real Time Strategy game. This game flows, looks beautiful, as was really well designed Just, seriously, don't give Ghandi the nuke....
game-hours: 0.9
review: very nice game
game-hours: 63.6
review: It's crescent fresh.
game-hours: 215.5
review: By far one of the funnest games out there. I am not a big fan of domination by force. To me building a huge Country into an economic and scientific power house. Only help in wars against alliad city-states. Producing over 1000 gold per turn you can influence anyone to fight your battles.
game-hours: 558.7
review: My son and I enjoy this game a lot.
game-hours: 45.7
review: Started playing at 10 AM. Clicked next turn a few times. Suddenly, it was 10 PM. 10/10 would civ again
game-hours: 33.2
review: Gandhi declared war on me 11/10
game-hours: 306.7
review: This game is the gold standard of Strategy Turn-based games.
game-hours: 146.3
review: Great game, sprawling maps, numberous civilizations to chose from and beautiful maps. This game does an excellent job at sticking to Civ tradition and bringing in the beauty of today's computing abilities.
game-hours: 194.6
review: One of the most enjoyable games you can play (and get sucked into)
game-hours: 55.4
review: One of the best games ever
game-hours: 281.4
review: One of the best strategy games out there.
game-hours: 14.7
review: You have been kicked.
game-hours: 480.2
review: A massive time suck lol but it's supposed to be. If you liked the other Civ's you'll like this one.
game-hours: 172.2
review: BNW is awesome:)
game-hours: 848.1
review: Good game, not as good as Civ IV, but good none the less
game-hours: 70.6
review: I don't normally write recommendations but for the sake of the Steam promotion, here's one! Hard to go wrong recommending any game in the Civilization series, this game being the latest. It doesn't improve upon (or replace) Civilization IV in every way, but it IS prettier than Civ IV, and introduces some interesting new mechanics. I don't play it frequently, and that's because a single game of Civ can take tens of hours, and is consistently difficult to tear yourself away from once begun. If you look at Civ screenshots or gameplay videos and you think, "that doesn't look fun" or "that looks too hard" - you're wrong on both counts. You need to play it to understand why it's so compelling, and it's not as difficult as it looks. If you've never played Civ, I'd highly recommend it, and this isn't a bad place to start.
game-hours: 364.1
review: I enjoy it a bunch. A single game takes hours to complete, and the suspense of a new world each time you play helps to change up how the game will be played. I recommend it to those who enjoy sitting down to play an intense game for an entire afternoon.
game-hours: 146.5
review: If this game was a Potato, it would be a good Potato.
game-hours: 130.7
review: Elizabeth is a huge . Don't work with her
game-hours: 44.7
review: An amazing turn-based stratagy game that will have you saying "just one more turn" late into the night.
game-hours: 1012.5
review: BUY IT
game-hours: 262.2
review: Just... just buy it
game-hours: 1986.0
review: This has taken more than 1500 hours out of my life 10/10
game-hours: 289.7
review: Very easy to burn 10 hours without realising it.
game-hours: 87.6
review: This is a great stratagy game, very addicting. Honestly one of the best games i've ever played!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 50.0
review: Don't trust that friend of yours? This game will prove to you that you were not only right to distrust him in the first place, but that he is a hell of a better strategist then you. Hours and hours wasted to prove something that takes Starcraft 2 lesser than 15 minutes to deliver. But hell, when you roll up with your Nukes and Giant killing robots... it's ing worth Three weeks, 30 kg and your parents respect. Also, GANDHIIIII!!!!!
game-hours: 1428.4
review: Game is fun and addictive--when it actually works. Be prepared to have it glitch out and crash on you at random while trying to load, sometimes requiring a complete reinstall (that may or may not fix the issue.) Any system change completely confounds this specific game. I'm at a loss as to why. All my other games load smooth without a hitch.
game-hours: 262.5
review: A masterpiece of a strategy game. I mean, this is like the standard by which strategy games are measured by. Strategy is not my favorite genre, but as far as strategy games go, this is a excellent game.
game-hours: 177.5
review: Excellent game if you want to be immersed in your own world, easliy lose hours while crafting an empire.
game-hours: 49.8
review: Played as Gandhi so he couldn't nuke me, and then started to feel this weird sensation come over me that I wanted to attack every nation on the map!!!! Unlimated Gandhi Power!!!!!!!!!!! They didn't stand a chance! 10/10
game-hours: 408.3
review: Amazing Game. Strategy World Domination!
game-hours: 338.3
review: My alltime favorite strategy game. I start a game and it ends up being the next day in what feels like minutes so be wary of time my friends! - Xeph 9/10 Strategy is fun for me
game-hours: 476.2
review: It's a very good game for raining nuclear fire on the population of the world
game-hours: 133.5
review: .
game-hours: 109.4
review: Civilization V is an amazing game! Ghandi is over powered! 10nukes/10nukes
game-hours: 58.7
review: It's great.
game-hours: 136.3
review: LOVE IT.
game-hours: 177.5
review: If you play with friends this game will destroy your friendship 10/10
game-hours: 293.4
review: AMAZING
game-hours: 271.7
review: This would be the perfect realtime strategy game if it WAS 64BIT AND 32BIT not just 32 BIT!!!! Other than the lag caused by forcing your computer to use the hard drive as paged memory this is a great game. I recommend it for everyone that has a 10,000 RPM hard drive or a Solid State Drive, and everyone that enjoys strategy games as much as I do and can tolerate the lag created by 32 bit applications running out of space at 2 gbs of RAM. Forcing the use of a 5400 rpm hard drive as space. Seriously 2k it was 2010 when this came out this should have been available in 64 bit and 32 bit. One other thing some of us enjoy having exceptionally large navies and for some reason ships lag a lot more than land units don't ask me to explain why they just do 2K fix it for CIV 6. Finally an airship and a regular ship or a ground unit should be capable of occupying the same space. Other than these simple grievances this is an amazing game.
game-hours: 79.5
review: Much Fun...
game-hours: 23.2
review: A whole lot better than the other Civ's I've played. But why they can't live up to their old game Alpha Centauri is beyond me. So I'm being unfair and judging it purely on that. And why is iron so much rarer than uranium? Come on, game.
game-hours: 97.9
review: Have you ever wanted to nuke china for no reason at all? Well now you can. -IGN 10/10
game-hours: 434.3
review: My Lord Yimotep, This game has half my hours on steam, :D
game-hours: 243.1
review: This game may literaly be my favorite turn based stratagy and i play it more than any of my other games on here or on my xbox/ps4. I like this game because its so interactive, you can just get so into andaddicted to this game in such a short amount of time. what i dislike is how the DLC is lik $30 thats silly that just as much as the game costs maybe even more than the game but they are worth it nontheless.
game-hours: 256.1
review: Over the course of the last week I managed to play for one day. The rest of the time the game refused to start. I tried everything from driver updates to Windows updates, from restarting Steam to rebooting the whole machine... but no, the game doesn't work correctly anymore. There also seems to be alot of people who also have that problem, while others don't. I dunno why that is so and I don't care. If it's an error with the program itself, they have to fix it. If it's an issue with Steam, they have to work wit Valve to fix it. Since it's pretty much gambling wether you can start the game or not, if you don't have the game yet, I would say save your money. Also the last Civ I'll buy for the next years, since I don't trust them to do better with the next one.
game-hours: 125.7
review: Highly Addicitve. A must buy game for all. Probaly the hardest game to stop playing once you have started. 10/10
game-hours: 157.5
review: I founded New Berlin right on top of where modern day Edinburgh sits today. We built such wonders - the Brandenberg Gate (naturally), the Leaning Tower of Pisa, Big Ben... we even built the Great Wall of China right across Hadrian's Wall. People loved that city and came from miles around to marvel at its majesty. Great men were born - Rommel and Alan Turing, marching arm and arm across the rooftops of the world. At one point one of my famous playwrites even penned the fabulous Wizard of Oz. But then, just as we were on the cupse of the Atomic Age... the Manhatten Project poised to usher in a burning nuclear dawn over the south of England (and a unit of Stone Age archers I'd left forgotten down there), I was confusingly defeated by a random vote at the UN which appointed my hapless opponent as World Leader. Game Over.
game-hours: 97.1
review: Brilliant game very very addictive. Buy this !
game-hours: 68.8
review: So addicting... starting to even like it more than Civ 3. It's sad you can't stack troops though.
game-hours: 1341.7
review: My go to game for playing. Glad they added religion to the expansion as well as artifacts. The only issue I have had is not getting very far on the tech tree no matter what game speed I play on. This is true for the other civ's I play against. I have heard that from other people as well.
game-hours: 21.7
review: just one more turn...
game-hours: 448.3
review: Simply love this game!
game-hours: 78.0
review: Great game, owned the x-box Civ Revolution first but this version is much better and more in depth. Have had lots of fun playing by myself, and with friends. The hotseat multiplayer can be lots of fun!
game-hours: 59.2
review: Awesome game. Good for all difficulty levels and easy to learn.
game-hours: 46.8
review: it's okay
game-hours: 106.9
review: So good I had to buy it twice.
game-hours: 479.8
review: got to be one of the best games out there. You think you have the game in the bag and bang, someone else beats you to it. Brilliant gameplay
game-hours: 97.4
review: Yes. Just yes.
game-hours: 9.4
review: According to Sid Meier, 5 minutes is about 10 days.
game-hours: 299.7
review: A very fun and addicting game, Anything can happened and it keeps you from getting bored.
game-hours: 41.3
review: I played as ancient George Washington and nuked Cyborg Ghandi a couple thousand years later. 10/10
game-hours: 134.6
review: Absolutely amazing game and well worth buying. Great fun and very involved. Multiplayer could use some tuning though.
game-hours: 34.9
review: As a bad RTS player, I recommend Civilization as it is turn-based ;). Anyway, the nation you guide in the game, organized in cities, has a very deep but easily approachable management system, and advancing through the game is very satisfactory.
game-hours: 210.5
review: One of the best strategy games i have ever played. Dlc makes it even better but still great without
game-hours: 222.0
review: It's the best strategy game on pc! after the first game you will not to be able to live with out it!!!
game-hours: 36.3
review: start up a game of civ 5, lose a day of life, worth it
game-hours: 343.6
review: Isn't it ironic how you can build an entire civilisation but yur real world comes crumbling down around you... Great game, it was worth throwing my social life out of the window for.
game-hours: 116.2
review: The only game where Gandhi has nukes and the Germans get steamrolled by the Aztecs. Also helicopters use boats to cross 1 tile rivers. 11/10
game-hours: 232.5
review: a great game, a classic, the chess of simciv strategy games
game-hours: 371.1
review: This is good practice for cleansing the earth in the name of Christianity. Yeezus/Crust
game-hours: 125.2
review: You make your own civilization and you destroy other civilizations and stuff happens and its fun. 15/10
game-hours: 27.3
review: Its Civilization, the latest edition. The civ AI's all seem pretty similar, and politics means jack. Expect every world leader (except maybe one or two) to constantly lie to you. They will form a city near you, then complain to you that you're building cities to close to their territory. The politics actually reminds me a lot of Alpha Centauri. Just expect a fight, constantly. Get as many of the city states on your side as possible, its the best way to stay ahead. I did manage to surround Germany with Submarines while I was Poland and constantly lied about not worrying about the buildup of troops near the borders. Felt a little poetic when I just invaded because I felt like it.
game-hours: 384.6
review: Best strategy game!
game-hours: 589.0
review: Leuk spel, heel erg uitgebreid
game-hours: 62.4
review: TOO slow
game-hours: 21.5
review: best game ever
game-hours: 101.3
review: absolute classic game
game-hours: 12.8
review: This game can literally turn your 10 minutes, into 2 hours without you knowing it. Absolutely recommended, assuming you can repel the "just one more turn" spell of this game.
game-hours: 435.5
review: Just buy it and you won't regret it jfc
game-hours: 89.6
review: In a world where Gandhi nukes you and Atilla the Hun sells you crabs, there are no downsides. 10/10
game-hours: 819.2
review: This is a great game. Definitely the greatest single player turn based strategy game out there. Everything is polished and the AI is memorable. Brave New World is without comparison. Every person who plays it loves it. Non gamers can get into it, and realize how much fun it is. I recommend this to anyone. (with the Brave New World expansion of course).
game-hours: 86.8
review: I thought i wouldnt like, but i like
game-hours: 202.3
review: Another Civ game, another great game.
game-hours: 281.1
review: One of my top 5 favorite games of all time. Highest levels are always challenging. 10/10.
game-hours: 125.0
review: Glorious, like me.
game-hours: 423.6
review: 999.99/1000... Have to go. My turn.
game-hours: 12.6
review: Excellent game and worth the money!
game-hours: 251.6
review: Have you ever felt like becoming an emporer of your very own nation, then civ 5 is the game for you. Its got depth yet is simple. Its got no story but has endless replay value. It is one of the enjoyable games I've ever played. Friendly tip though, KILL Ganhdi as soon as possible. He's a   who betrays you after having a 2000 year old alliance. ing Ganhdi!
game-hours: 365.1
review: This is a very fun and entertaining game that I highly recommend. Civ 5 has almost infinate replay value with a whole new experience every play through. I do admit though, the AI in the game can be a little wierd at times, but it is always amussing to see a leader like gahndi become a "dictator" and attempt to conquer the world. So in conclusion, I would hghly recommend this game for any person that finds turn-based strategy games interesting and fun.
game-hours: 243.9
review: This game is addicting, the only thing I wish they would fix is increased movement and range as you advance through the ages
game-hours: 158.8
review: My 100 hours cannot even explain how amazing this game is. If you love expanding, creating militaries, and ruling the world, then this is your game. I love the dynamic relationship process, it works almost like real life. The system can teach you how real world politics can work sometimes, and no world is ever the same.
game-hours: 319.8
review: This is a highly addictive turn based strategy game. It delivers a slew of improvements over the previous Civ game. Some elements are simplified, for instance instead of having untold numbers of units stacked on one tile, you can generally only have one ground unit per tile. It changes the strategy and tactics, but it makes managing units and warfare a lot easier. Of course the game comes with all the top notch polish you would expect from a Sid Meier title. The graphics are modern, the soundtrack superb and there is an immense amount of replay value. I've actually reloaded this game on my computer many times over the last couple years because I just keep coming back to it. One major downside is that if you want to play on larger maps, you will need beefy hardware. Even on 6 core processor with a $900 video card and 500 MB/s SSD, turns still take over a minute on a large map in the end game. I also feel like the difficulty levels are a little unbalanced, as I've never been able to beat a game past level 4 in difficulty. It can be tricky to choose a difficulty level that will provide a reasonable challenge, but not bury you every single time.
game-hours: 58.5
review: great game, easy to sink hours into the game, unlimited fun
game-hours: 44.2
review: i am writing this becasue i want a badge and feel socailly responsable to get it also i liked te game
game-hours: 217.1
review: An addicting, turn-based game that will make the time fly as you build you empire from the Ancient age to post-information age! Nearly infinite replayability as mods, random continents, and nearly 50 different nations ensure a different game every time it's played Will you build a space ship? Or Coquer the world? Trade and Commerce? Or found a Utopia!
game-hours: 52.1
review: This game is a great sequel to Civilization IV, and I love it. 10/10
game-hours: 166.3
review: Good games, seems to be less glitchy then when it first came out
game-hours: 37.9
review: Unless you have to kill 8 hours a day at a job where you sit for a living, don't buy this addicting ing game
game-hours: 1765.3
review: One... more... turnnnnnn!!!
game-hours: 27.6
review: Ghandi.
game-hours: 15.6
review: The game heavily relies on strategy, and is not for the truly devoted. A game can take hours at a time, and it is absolutely fantastic!
game-hours: 53.8
review: I like this game a lot. I have never played any of the other games before and only heard of this game by word of mouth. I like the idea that you age from a "stone age" like era all the way to a futurisitc era. The difficulty is great for both veterans and brand new beginners. It is hard to start with I will not lie (especially if you are silly enough to get the DLC and add that too! XD) but once you catch on it is a fun game. It IS a long kind of game I find so if you want to play a quick round I find a half hour of playing turns to four hours. (Not that is bad just letting you know!) The only problem with it is multiplayer. If you want to play with a friend(s) then expect to play the WHOLE game and not save it. If you do save it it resets the difficulty to standard. So if you set to easy when you go back on you happiness of 80 becomes -20 and then drops more (which ruins your entire economy and civilization). So I will rate this game 8/10 mostly because of the multiplayer issue.
game-hours: 203.0
review: I have been playing this game since it was released, and I still love it. This game is a strategic wonderland. The graphics a great... but that isnt what makes this game great. This game is great becase of the great thought put into the game and its mechanics. Its balanced well and has great diplomacy and war mechanics.
game-hours: 131.5
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V can be summed up in one word: addicting. This game is so exhilarating and I find it extremely difficult to pull myself away from it. Don't plan on playing for an hour or less or even before you go to bed, it won't happen.
game-hours: 102.7
review: I picked up Civ V complete during the recent summer sale. While a decent game in and of itself, honestly it makes me want to load up Civ IV again for a superior experience. If you have Civ IV and Beyond the Sword... just stick with what you have, its better. If not, then Civ V is a worthy game in the franchise.
game-hours: 7.3
review: i like this game it is fun
game-hours: 486.7
review: What's there to say? It's Civilization, and personally I'd say it's the best of the main series (only overshadowed by, for example, Alpha Centauri or Call to Power 2).
game-hours: 317.4
review: THE GAME IS WORTH IT!!!!!!!
game-hours: 903.0
review: great game
game-hours: 39.1
review: very bad
game-hours: 119.9
review: This game is extremely addictive. The interface is easy to use and the game has an excellent tutorial system, which doesn't get in one's face too much. If you're a fan of strategy videogames or Settlers of Catan, I highly recommend this.
game-hours: 1081.0
review: Hours played...'nuff said.
game-hours: 1352.1
review: I have lost over 1111 hours of my life to this game and become horribly racist against peoples I did not know existed previously, 9/10 would reccommend. But srrsly this game glitches HARD.
game-hours: 315.1
review: While I'm sure many of you already own this game, I would absolutely reccomend it to anyone who's a fan of turn-based strategy. While I feel many of the aspects of Civ IV were toned down in complexity, I feel like the much more strategic combat helps the experience significantly.
game-hours: 237.1
review: Buy Civilisation V, make Sid Meier rich, he deserves some money, he's a poor man living under the bridge and suffering from the financial crisis. Please help him buying his magnificent game. You win twice: On the one hand, you got this game, which will fulfil any world domination urges youve ever had and secondly, most closely to that demand, you can feel the sun rising in your heart because you helped Sid Meier from starving and even helped him getting a new home! How can one be so cruel to hisself, the health of his soul, AND deny a man the hand he needs in his most desperate hour. So not buying this game would constitute a crime.
game-hours: 628.3
review: Just buy the thing
game-hours: 386.6
review: Great game, you can nuke any country that disagrees with you. 10/10
game-hours: 57.4
review: Awesome turn based strategy game, not very demanding and looks beautiful. I really recommend it! Ghandi is love Ghandi is life.
game-hours: 707.2
review: This is a great game with depth and different playstyles to suit your mood. However, there is a bug that makes your workers forget their assigned task and ask for a new one every round. This becomes tedious after a while and takes lot of time and clicks that could have been better spendt doing more exiting stuff. If you are going to buy this game you should check if they have fixed this bug first. I bought the game summer 2014.
game-hours: 190.3
review: 10/10 would buy again
game-hours: 114.0
review: Is rly gud
game-hours: 227.8
review: A really great game. This is one of those games when you say, just another turn...3 hours later its 04:00 in the morning and ghandi nukes all your capital.
game-hours: 28.3
review: great game must get
game-hours: 97.7
review: it's realy fun but i have a mac and i can't get mods plz fix dat or make it so i can get mods with a mac plz.
game-hours: 65.2
review: Step to step guide for Civ 5 Step 1. Don't EVER,EVER,UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES,EVER ally with Gandhi!!! Step 2. That's it!
game-hours: 140.6
review: Great game, highly recommended!
game-hours: 244.0
review: Maybe the most addicting game I've ever played.
game-hours: 70.3
review: Great strategy game. Everything in the game works so smoothly and each race has its ups and downs to make the game interesting.
game-hours: 269.9
review: its a rearly good and interesting game to play
game-hours: 726.2
review: "12/10 would nuke again" -Gandhi
game-hours: 84.4
review: amazing game
game-hours: 244.2
review: Greatest game in its series, same type of units can not on the same tile, that must use more strategy to win a battle or development. if someone found crash when play on Windows 8.1, just choose play with DirectX 10,11.
game-hours: 535.6
review: Probably the best strategy game ever made, and it just got better.
game-hours: 59.2
review: Awesome game. Good for all difficulty levels and easy to learn.
game-hours: 46.8
review: it's okay
game-hours: 106.9
review: So good I had to buy it twice.
game-hours: 479.8
review: got to be one of the best games out there. You think you have the game in the bag and bang, someone else beats you to it. Brilliant gameplay
game-hours: 97.4
review: Yes. Just yes.
game-hours: 9.4
review: According to Sid Meier, 5 minutes is about 10 days.
game-hours: 299.7
review: A very fun and addicting game, Anything can happened and it keeps you from getting bored.
game-hours: 41.3
review: I played as ancient George Washington and nuked Cyborg Ghandi a couple thousand years later. 10/10
game-hours: 614.7
review: Civ V is a great game but Sid Meier hates multiplayer. Wish this game didn't bomb so badly against other human beings.
game-hours: 154.8
review: Awesome game to play against your friends! Worth every minute playing!
game-hours: 328.5
review: One of the best games I have played. It is addictive and will have you playing for hours straight. As someone interested in history Civilization V is great.
game-hours: 0.2
review: I haven't played this game at all yet! DUDE BUY IT!!!
game-hours: 109.1
review: AWESOM! First of all, I'm really happy STEAM does its best to bring games to the mac. You guys are the defiition of a Company for its customers. Civilization V is an absolutely gorgeous game, with a complexity and simplicity that is perfectly balanced. I played Civ 3 day and night many years ago, and loved it. However, it was a very 'deep' game with so many features and aspects about gameplay that I didn't even know existed, making it hard to feel like you can fully appreciate it. Civ V, is the Civilization franchise you know and love, but better in almost every aspect. I nice face lift too ;] Definitely recommend. To the STEAM TEAM: My only complaint is this: I'v been reading the web, trying to figure out why there isn't a 'World Builder', and I can't figure out why it hasn't been added yet. This is one of the biggest games for Mac users, and the fact that it doesn't have those incredible features is disappointing. WE, the Mac users of Civ V, would love you even more than we already do if you could add the features like World Builder and others that are missing. PLEASE CONSIDER! :O Besides that, love the game, and appreciate all your hard work.
game-hours: 278.4
review: Very awesome, a good feel that your really running a country, and every decision counts.
game-hours: 58.2
review: NEVER ING TRUST GHANDI 10/10
game-hours: 46.8
review: Great Game! Even though Leonard Nimoy is no longer doing the voice over for the game, which sucks it is still fantastic game! The Steam Workshop adds tons of well make civilizations and addons that one cannot fully enjoy this game without. I would highly reccommend this game!
game-hours: 57.2
review: A truely amazing strategy experience.
game-hours: 92.8
review: 10/10 why BECAUSE GIVIN CRABS TO ZULU IS JUST HILARIOUS(he deserverd it...) AND THen destroyin it all with nukes is just....MURICA!
game-hours: 92.8
review: 10/10 why BECAUSE GIVIN CRABS TO ZULU IS JUST HILARIOUS(he deserverd it...) AND THen destroyin it all with nukes is just....MURICA!
game-hours: 27.3
review: Its Civilization, the latest edition. The civ AI's all seem pretty similar, and politics means jack. Expect every world leader (except maybe one or two) to constantly lie to you. They will form a city near you, then complain to you that you're building cities to close to their territory. The politics actually reminds me a lot of Alpha Centauri. Just expect a fight, constantly. Get as many of the city states on your side as possible, its the best way to stay ahead. I did manage to surround Germany with Submarines while I was Poland and constantly lied about not worrying about the buildup of troops near the borders. Felt a little poetic when I just invaded because I felt like it.
game-hours: 384.6
review: Best strategy game!
game-hours: 589.0
review: Leuk spel, heel erg uitgebreid
game-hours: 62.4
review: TOO slow
game-hours: 21.5
review: best game ever
game-hours: 101.3
review: absolute classic game
game-hours: 12.8
review: This game can literally turn your 10 minutes, into 2 hours without you knowing it. Absolutely recommended, assuming you can repel the "just one more turn" spell of this game.
game-hours: 435.5
review: Just buy it and you won't regret it jfc
game-hours: 89.6
review: In a world where Gandhi nukes you and Atilla the Hun sells you crabs, there are no downsides. 10/10
game-hours: 819.2
review: This is a great game. Definitely the greatest single player turn based strategy game out there. Everything is polished and the AI is memorable. Brave New World is without comparison. Every person who plays it loves it. Non gamers can get into it, and realize how much fun it is. I recommend this to anyone. (with the Brave New World expansion of course).
game-hours: 1326.9
review: Epic game, a must have
game-hours: 356.6
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V is a turn based strategy game. You build an empire starting in the ancient era, and continuing on to the information era. How you play is entirely up to you. There are many different paths to take. You may choose to be a war mongering nation and dominate the world through military strength; you may choose to study the sciences and build a rocket to take your civilisation to a new world; you may choose to influence all civilisations with your culture and create a utopia; or you may choose to win diplomatically by becoming the leader of the United Nations. In the Gods and Kings expansion pack you may choose or create a religion for your empire, where you gain your specified bonuses from it and are able to spread it through missionaries and prophets. It's hard at first, but gets better after some practice.
game-hours: 50.3
review: this game was great. 9/10 at least. if you don't like "slow" games dont try this one and if you think you'll like it, and you want the expanion packs, get comlpete edition. saved me like $60.
game-hours: 317.4
review: ing epic timesink. Love it.
game-hours: 37.1
review: Great Game
game-hours: 23.7
review: Apparently to every civ im a warmongering a-hole. 10/10 would complete hitlist of those civs again. Would tap too.
game-hours: 15.2
review: AMAZING
game-hours: 152.4
review: KILL GANDI
game-hours: 79.1
review: best game everrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr~ needs more optimization for really  computers... I'm tired of playing in strategic mode.
game-hours: 117.5
review: This game is amazing. All the civilizations are great and the game provides endless fun because you never really need to stop playing a world.
game-hours: 55.3
review: Great! I don't think I'll ever know everything there is to know about this game! I highly recommed it!
game-hours: 40.8
review: love it
game-hours: 24.2
review: This is a great game. 10/10
game-hours: 535.4
review: This game makes my manties moist. If you don't own this, castrate yourself.
game-hours: 273.6
review: This game might be one of the best games of the decade. Look no further for a detailed review! Gameplay Flow: 10/10 This game is SUPER easy to learn. There are so many tips and the civilopedia is really really helpful and informational. You can learn this game's basics in 1-2 hours then create your strategies. Graphics: 7/10 They could definately be better and I wish there was more unit distinction. The terrain looks nice but it can glitch out a lot. But the game is very pleseant to look at at least. The leaders and unique units looks fantastic. DLC: 10/10 DLC is always a pain. Extra money for more of a game? Nobody wants to pay more for content that they should own. But this game's DLC....worth every cent. Brave New World made the game hundreds of times better. I only had 60 hours on the game before it. Now i have 160 and i still play it every day. It never gets boring with brave new world. I have so much to still do with all the DLC. Its all worth. Multiplayer: 8/10. SImple, grab a friend and play. I like it. Nothing to it. Just multiplayer. Works great. Overal: 10/10. Very playable. Great gameplay. Awesome DLC. Awesome everything.
game-hours: 171.4
review: One of those games that'll turn 5 minutes into 5 hours and will have you always questioning what Ghandi is really doing and dead certain that Songhai will always betray you. It's easiest to just wipe them all out. Always go for the overlord victory.
game-hours: 678.5
review: One of my favorite games of all time. I have loved the franchise since I first started playing Civ 3, and have not found another love since. It is one of the best strategy games of all time, and with additions of Brave New World it has become and even more accurate representation of the world.
game-hours: 45.6
review: A great game to test your strategy and political capabilities. There are some mechanics in the game that I disagree with and feel that ruin the immersion a little, however it is overall a great game. I also originally disliked the decision to switch over to a Hex system, however it is something I have adjusted to and now, even like. Now if only I could stack my armies of units onto the same space like the older ones :)
game-hours: 62.2
review: Good strategetic game wished for more action like Age of Empires or mythology so faster war and results.
game-hours: 37.4
review: Tis game is Very good!
game-hours: 588.3
review: I enjoy the game. But I cannot get any tech support from Steam. Now when I try to start the game I get an immediate Steam error: missing executable. I have followed the suggested guideline for correcting this, but it did not work. I have e-mailed Steam twice and have waited 5 days since my first call for help. I would appreciate some type of assistance with this.. If onw cannot acquire tech suppport, I guess you need to consdier whether you should purchase games from Steam. If anyone can asssist me pleas send email to
game-hours: 65.1
review: Got raided by Barbarians, Got to silence Attilla the Hun, Removed England from this universe, nuked Gandi back to the stone age, I recommend this game
game-hours: 162.3
review: Just like all the rest of the Civ series this is an amazing and addictive game. New DLC's give you the ability to host a wold council and make global decision. This is probably their best game yet.
game-hours: 63.8
review: Hands down the best strategy game in existence. There is literally nothing wrong with it in any way, shape, or form, and it is superb. Id say if you like games like halo wars, the total war series, or any military/war game, then you should get CIV 5. And if you do, i strongly reccommend getting the dlc. Best purchase ive ever made (just look at how long i've played it)!
game-hours: 151.5
review: This game is full of opportunities to win in 5 different ways, it's unlike any strategy game i've ever played. This is by far the best turn based strategy game i have ever played, plus it is a ton of fun to play with friends when you can't go over each other's houses you can just play civ V from home with each other :D.
game-hours: 142.7
review: I am a beginner with the civilization games and the strategy category in general, this game is so addicting it made me totally jumped right in. If you love simulation games and strategy games this would be the best of both worlds. If you also love history and culture, that's even better, because you get a lot of that, learn all the leaders' names and stories to show off in front of your friends how much of a historian you are. Oh, and last but not least, AMAZING SOUNDTRACK.
game-hours: 275.2
review: The best turn-based strategy game i've ever played. Takes forever to complete a game though.
game-hours: 13.7
review: If only someone were to buy it for me... I'm currently using my friend's family sharing to play it, and it is FUNNNNN!
game-hours: 1862.8
review: YESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYES. This a great strategy game, which has an unlimited amount of fun stored inside! The variations are endless, which makes this game great! As well, multiplayer is amazing, which just puts the cherry on top! :D
game-hours: 461.9
review: I like the gameplay and the smooth transitions of the early-game world. There is a huge break in the game however, by simply ammassing wealth you can win the game flawlessly. I have always been a fan of the Civ series and this game is an amazing game with high replay value.
game-hours: 6.9
review: Amazing game, want to try the DLC soon.
game-hours: 93.9
review: its fun
game-hours: 35.3
review: This game is great! Love playing it.
game-hours: 274.1
review: Addictive, challenging and fun. Must have!
game-hours: 59.8
review: !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 1065.7
review: ing Terrible
game-hours: 37.1
review: This is the first Civilization game that I have ever played and I was pleasantly surprised. To put it short, it is amazing. A multitude of different play styles are supported and the variety of maps, game size, and online aspects make this game very replayable. The only gripe I have on the game is that units are not stackable, however that is VERY forgiveable when looking at everything this game does right. 9/10
game-hours: 169.9
review: DON'T PLAY THIS GAME. IT WILL RUIN YOUR LIFE. YOU WILL BEG FOR ONE MORE TURN AND THEN, ALL YOUR FRIENDS ARE GONE. REALLY.
game-hours: 86.6
review: Do not buy this game unless you enjoy sleepless nights and getting nuked by Ghandi.
game-hours: 291.7
review: This is an awesome game. Best Civ since Civ 2 Gold Edition
game-hours: 570.6
review: YES IT A BEAST
game-hours: 1089.1
review: Just... one... more... turn....
game-hours: 240.0
review: Great game to play with friends. The Gods and Kings and Brave New World DLCs make the game that much better. Get some PC gaming bros and buy this game with the DLCs. You'll be entertained for hours. Definitely a great LAN party game, or a game to play solo to kill some time. Not to mention the modding community is amazing. They come up with new civs and improvements. However, you can't use the mods during an internet multiplayer game. You can use them only in Hotseat. Don't let that detract from mulitplayer games, it's still a lot of fun without them. 9.5/10 Will build the Pyramids of Russia again. And again. And again.
game-hours: 120.9
review: Brings politics to life between friends who is going to backstab who who will rise and who will fall its a great game amazing gameplay and graphics 10/10
game-hours: 60.0
review: This is Civilization at its best and over time it will ripen like a fine wine and become a masterpiece. 2K Games have outdone themselves in making some massive changes without changing the core gameplay and alienating their fans.
game-hours: 301.2
review: Man I love this game this Game Ruin MY life Damn Thank you Man
game-hours: 447.7
review: At 265 hours, can't stop. Please send food. also buy this ing game because it's amazing.
game-hours: 1761.4
review: Just one more turn......
game-hours: 443.6
review: i kinda like this game. kinda
game-hours: 681.7
review: This game is the . It has destroyed me many times but I always come back with proper planning.
game-hours: 108.0
review: Really Great game, has amazing graphics and is a great step up from civ 4
game-hours: 39.3
review: it is epic
game-hours: 212.0
review: It's a great strategy game thats great by itself and even better with the brave new world dlc.One of my favorites
game-hours: 79.8
review: Fun game. Lots usefull features like saving multiplayer games for later which is useful because these games can take alot of time.
game-hours: 964.5
review: Come for 1 more round, stay for 1 more week!
game-hours: 211.0
review: This is a great turn based strategy game which when played correctly is very addictive and extremely fun. It can sometimes get boring but you can just leave it for a day or two and then get straight back to playing.
game-hours: 680.3
review: I like this game.
game-hours: 30.8
review: You get to piss your day away, but in a good sense. Don't forget to invade all of the city states. 10/10, beware of Gandhi.
game-hours: 230.0
review: What can i say, great game
game-hours: 19.0
review: Awesome game :)
game-hours: 166.5
review: Ruined my life
game-hours: 20.0
review: 10/10 Would get nuked by Ghandi again
game-hours: 108.4
review: one of the most addicting things ever
game-hours: 53.4
review: This is by far the most addictive game I have ever played. It is definitely beyond any other strategy game even though I like more the RTS type. I ended up hating Napoleon for ALWAYS spawning huge armies right at my frontiers and Ramses II for finishing first all the damn wonders I had started to build 15 turns ago and Cesar for cutting through all the weaker ones and charge my wonderful knights with tanks and mech infantry. I've never given Ghandi a chance though. Yet again, I can't stress enough on how addictive this game is, after sitting for ~6h (which seemed like 2h) I closed the computer only to start thinking how on earth am I to fight alone the alliance between the arabs and egiptians and beat a nuked up Ramses to scientific victory. Briliant game.
game-hours: 20.3
review: The main reason I didn't reach my potential in school. 4/20 Blaze it.
game-hours: 1000.2
review: I have owned this game for less than a year and have played it for almost 700 hours. I have literally given it an entire month of my life. Every time I boot up Civ, I briefly contemplate joining a support group. Seriously though you should be able to relocate your capital. 10/10 would play for another month of my life.
game-hours: 116.4
review: "Go away mom, how can I eat while my people starve!?" 10/10
game-hours: 644.8
review: best game ever. even right now i just stoped playng at 5 am
game-hours: 18.9
review: Apo ta kalutera strategy games!!!
game-hours: 111.9
review: Prepare to have your day wasted
game-hours: 115.0
review: In the year 1971, Boudicca's Celtic nation was the last thing standing before Napoleon I's dream of global domination. Within a year, the French Nuclear program had been completed, and the Celtic nation was carpet bombed from end to end. With every Celtic city but the capital utterly annihilated, Napoleon's Infantry stormed into Edinbourgh, fulfilling the 4000 year old French dream of conquest. Granted, half the world is a nuclear crater, and most likely I have launched the world into an eternal winter, but whatever, there are no more Celts. 10/10, would start Nuclear Winter again.
game-hours: 18.1
review: Support the rest of the world in dipolamtic victory, just a couple turns away, and then ghandi nukes the whole ing world into a nucler wasteland. Ghandi nukes my cities, after killing my best friend Stalin because I refuse to give him perals. Then capture his capital city with a scout 10/10 for realism
game-hours: 1151.9
review: This game has little replay value.
game-hours: 192.3
review: Just civ! :D
game-hours: 1645.7
review: There are few things in life that will consistently cause you to look up from your desk and realize it's 4 AM in the morning. This is one of those things.
game-hours: 56.5
review: You can play weeaboo nippon master race. 10/10
game-hours: 141.9
review: Backstabbed by Ghandi 10/10
game-hours: 53.9
review: Overall, Civilization V is an amazingly addictive strategy game. I was skeptical at first, but upon purchasing, I couldn't stop playing it.
game-hours: 68.1
review: I Love this Game best CIV yet, great graphics and still as addictive as ever Jean
game-hours: 67.6
review: best strategy game there is and bbrave new world makes it even better
game-hours: 193.2
review: The latest entry in the highly popular PC franchise, Civilisation V delivers one of the best turn based strategy games of the last few years. It expands further on differentiating between civs, with each civ having a unique trait, such as Japan's Bushido, and either 2 unique units, like the Japanese Samurai and Zero, or 1 unique unit and 1 unique building, like Egypt's Burial Tomb, which offers a varied style of battle between civs and makes specialising in a particular victory easier. The graphics are also noticeably improved, and when talking with a fellow leader, they speak in their native language, e.g. French for Napoleon, or Latin for Augustus Caesar, which is very interesting, and adds to the realism. It also adds the brand new City States, which are like small civs that only have one city. You can give them gold and units, or other things (like build a particular Wonder, or get a specific resource) to ally with them, which means they share resources with you and fight your enemies alongside you, which adds a new factor to play. All in all, this is a phenomonal game, although you may just want to wait for Beyond Earth in October.
game-hours: 266.3
review: This game used to be my life! After almost 300 hours of epic turn-based diplomacy, i have started to realize how to actually play!
game-hours: 73.8
review: brilliant, hours of fun, a natuarl evolution of the series
game-hours: 78.1
review: Civilization is fun even for someone that might not want to dive into the numerous strategic approaches and play an easier more relaxed game. But after a while once you've gotten the hang of the game all you want to to is play for hours on end. It's addicting, unique, and has lead the way for many other games (but none surpass Civilization's epic game experience). I would recommend this game to everybody no matter what age or interest.
game-hours: 180.1
review: Civilization is one of the best games I've ever played.
game-hours: 345.9
review: This a game I could play for hours at a time
game-hours: 194.7
review: This game is absolutely fantastic. It will eat away hours and hours of your life, and you will love every second of it. It has awesome strategy elements and the turn based gameplay makes it more addicting than ever. It's very deep, but beginners can still have a great time. Not only is it my favorite PC game in recent times, it's my favorite PC game ever. I highly recommend it to anyone. It is a phenomenal game.
game-hours: 45.6
review: very fun game
game-hours: 108.1
review: dont trust the aztecs
game-hours: 179.2
review: "Tried to be diplomatic, tried to unite to world as one, tried to bring peace to all humanity and usher in a golden age of knowledge and prosperity. I tried. Really I did. But then Ghandi declared war on me and turned everyone against me. I had to nuke everyone. Now i'm the last Civ standing." That was my first game of Civ 5. TENOUTATEN.
game-hours: 239.7
review: great game
game-hours: 162.9
review: I played this game once. It was pretty good
game-hours: 127.8
review: This is the Best PC game ever!
game-hours: 32.8
review: its a good game
game-hours: 34.3
review: buy this ing game , you will love it
game-hours: 227.5
review: I don't know how anyone could release *this* and call it a finished product. Multiplayer is just lagging piece of ...(your word here)! I've tried playing in 2 games with different people and on different host and both of them ended up in some horrible lag. Netcode is SO unfinished that I doubt that *this-piece-of* playable outside of LAN. Other than that game is decent, but failure to deliver and most importantly PATCH existing issues is so annoying that I'm not recommending this game to anyone who desires to play in Multiplayer via Internet with few peoples.
game-hours: 162.6
review: So far I haven't been interested in multiplayer, but I've really been enjoying single player. I find I really miss the music and fine-detail of Civ IV. Game play is somewhat streamlined compared to Civ IV--it's much cleaner, more intuitive, and more accessible to anyone new to the franchise. A few elements have been removed (notably religion) but several have been restored if you want to spring for the expansions. I haven't yet but may in the future. There are many other changes from Civ IV but the major ones revolve around combat. The game is now played on a hex map (not square tiles) and only one military unit can occupy a hex at a time. If you like combat, the changes make things much more interesting. Personally, I prefer to win by other methods, using military only when necessary, though I admit to certain satisfaction when pounding Ghandi with my Giant Death Robot (no really, there's an actual unit called that!). Civ V is a lot of fun and having come directly off of Civ IV, it's a worthy successor. It manages to be a bit more friendly to the newbie, offers new challenges to veterans, and still manages to stay very definitely the Civ we know and love.
game-hours: 277.2
review: Best Civ game yet, I keep coming back to it for endless hours of fun both alone and with friends. If you enjoy turn based stratey games spanning the entirety of the human race, Civ V is the game for you.
game-hours: 396.6
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V Nothing more needs to be said....
game-hours: 38.1
review: lan parties with this game are fun
game-hours: 1219.3
review: Civ ? Dont get much time for it.
game-hours: 163.9
review: Outstanding game, cant wait until the sixth one!
game-hours: 685.6
review: It's pretty fun. I haven't played much, though.
game-hours: 241.1
review: Ultra hardcore mode: try not to tell yourself "just one more turn".
game-hours: 185.8
review: This is an awesome game for hours and hours of fun gameplay.
game-hours: 148.4
review: Once you pick up on all the game mechanics, it becomes a great and enjoyable way to pass the time. Replayability is high due to the number of civilizations, game options, and random map generation, and playing with friends is very easy. I would definitely recommend buying at least the base game.
game-hours: 183.0
review: Great game!
game-hours: 1717.2
review: best game
game-hours: 50.4
review: Best civilization by far, lots of fun to play. You can only play for so long before you eventually start to play less and less. It's always fun though to pick it back up and try to conquer the world! 8/10
game-hours: 704.9
review: America invaded me when I was a single city country for my oil. 10/10 for Realism
game-hours: 146.6
review: BUY THIS GAMMMMME!!!!
game-hours: 1025.5
review: If you want to play a game just add me and I make one with no dlc to you knew Steam users. The game is really fun and helps you get the idea of making a civilization!
game-hours: 76.1
review: This game is a great idea, but executed poorly compared to older versions. It just feels cheap and unfinished, and is near pointless without the expansions.
game-hours: 133.4
review: dis good stuff
game-hours: 339.2
review: Awesome
game-hours: 53.9
review: Must buy
game-hours: 428.4
review: great series.
game-hours: 496.7
review: CIV V now available on Linux ! my favorite game, on my favorite OS! I love it !
game-hours: 58.6
review: Great game, but better with DLCs!
game-hours: 266.7
review: If you get this amazing game be sure to clear your schedule. But this game is a freaking amazing game that will have you spending hundereds of hours on.
game-hours: 129.1
review: would recommend to people who like being randomly attacked by france and montezuma.  those s
game-hours: 178.4
review: Good for lovers of RTS and stratergy games
game-hours: 267.5
review: This Game will leave you GEEKED out for dayssss. Overall fun as HELL!!!
game-hours: 323.5
review: This game has taken away my life, it's highly addictive and therefore much enjoyable. O wait, it's my turn again, gotta go!
game-hours: 310.1
review: amazing game
game-hours: 1527.3
review: "Just one more turn." Said everybody four hours ago.
game-hours: 1566.6
review: I have played all five civilization games and V is definitely the best so far. The hex grid has nicely eliminated the old diagonal movement making the game more realistic but that pales in comparison to the inability to have two units in the same tile unless they are of different types i.e. civilian and military. Until Brave New World there was a stain on this as the game had no limit on how many air units one could have in a city beyond what you could economically afford, but this has at last been fixed. The diplomacy is still a great mystery to me as it seems the only two choices are to be a doormat to your friends or face the whole world by yourself. What I would like see in the short term in this would be other civs offering gifts instead of just asking for them or getting snooty when you demand them. "We've got plenty of salt. Would you like some for free?" Even better would be weaker nations offering tribute so you let them live. As it is now you just constantly give until you are strong enough to face them all by yourself. In general I would like to see the AI players trying to win instead of contributing to the human player's defeat at whoever's hands. What I should still like to see returned to the game is the plant forest worker action. When the worker unit was first introduced in III it gave the player a somewhat unrealistic tactic of having a massive army of workers in one tile planting a forest and then chopping it down several times creating huge ammounts of free production in a city. In the first two games all tile improvements were done by the settler units which were too expensive for this strategy and so to eliminate this the action was removed from IV. However in V you can't stack workers so the forest planting can't be abused. Technically you could still have a dozen or so workers around a new city each working their own tile, but by making the planting process long enough it would easily be simpler to make a saving in worker wages and purchase the buildings or units. Of course you could use this on wonders but a large city wouldn't have the free tiles for the workers and would still be faster than a small city with said workers unless it is in the early game and this could again be diverted by locking the ability until midgame, Scientific Theory would be appropriate as it also gives the extra production for the lumber mill improvement. All in all I was in love when the game came out and every improvement has just made me fall in more deeply. I would rather see at least a few more expansions get this game closer to perfection than the next one in the series. At least one. Please. Just one more expanssion. - Nazbaque
game-hours: 12.2
review: 7    7
game-hours: 92.1
review: Nuke the jews!!!!!!
game-hours: 24.7
review: I though this was the worst strategy game ever... I WAS WRONG! With the Brave New World this game is one of the bests. It is hard to learn and boring to wait turns but diplomacy, war, trades, civilization... Every single this is great. Buy it.. No no wait... Buy both Civi 5 and the next game: Beyond Earth...
game-hours: 722.1
review: gerat game if you have 400 hours to spare...
game-hours: 18.7
review: Great and fun game, worth it's cost during summer sale!
game-hours: 190.0
review: BUY NOW AND PLAY!
game-hours: 529.3
review: One of the best games ever made
game-hours: 630.4
review: Absolutely one of the best games I've ever played
game-hours: 339.7
review: can't stop playing... someone stop me!
game-hours: 173.3
review: Best game 10/10.
game-hours: 200.3
review: In the words of the late great Taylor Swift: after playing Civ 5, Civ 4 and I are never, ever, ever getting back together. Civ 5 > All Things
game-hours: 66.3
review: Sum good stuff
game-hours: 33.4
review: Fun as hell! Defenitely a challgening strategy. Makes you think rather than act.
game-hours: 36.5
review: A really amazing game, the graphics are sharp and the gameplay is exciting. if you are a fan of empire building and stratagy games where you can win in many different ways this game is a must.
game-hours: 176.4
review: Way too addictive!
game-hours: 347.7
review: This Steam mess and having to update to play a game that is installed on my PC is junk...This is ridiculous. I want to play against AI not online...Let me play the game without having to wait 5 hours every month for updates...I am guessing these updates have nothing to do with game play...Bad Move brand Civiliation! This is it...for me, that is.
game-hours: 82.5
review: A masterpiece. Sid Meier never ceases to deliver his amazing work.
game-hours: 28.4
review: S E M E N
game-hours: 88.2
review: Played 3 mostly, 4 some and I've been playing 5 for a few weeks. Vanilla is really fun, challenging too. Can't wait to get GK and BNW!
game-hours: 65.6
review: The original Civ and Civ II were some of the of the most fun games I played as a kid. I coudn't be happier with this latest addition to the francise! (Also it no longer takes 12 hard discs 8 hours to instal!).
game-hours: 55.0
review: Great game!
game-hours: 281.4
review: Great game! Love taking turns with my friends, takes awhile but is worth it!!
game-hours: 326.3
review: awsome game
game-hours: 1071.0
review: Great game if you have 347032 hours to kill. I don't know how many weeks I've spent in real time playing this game but I've only finished 3 or 4 games and still ing love it.
game-hours: 655.1
review: awesome game
game-hours: 248.4
review: Currently burning the Cybermen's cities to the ground and plundering their cyborg technologies to further enhance the tech level of Tokyo-3 9/10 the fact that i spent days on this game scares me
game-hours: 247.5
review: Banter
game-hours: 173.0
review: Its really a fantastic game, it was my first time playing civilization. I was really surpirised about the graphics, how everything loogs so random but at teh same time it is very strategic. Really recommand the game to other people.
game-hours: 72.3
review: The definitive Civ experience.
game-hours: 37.5
review: Fak everyone in this game. Especially washington, ghengis khan AND MONTEZUMA that .
game-hours: 8.5
review: Just... one... more... turn...
game-hours: 72.6
review: Where did the time go.
game-hours: 277.6
review: It's fun. Especially with friends.
game-hours: 259.3
review: Just one more turn. Don't make any plans.
game-hours: 3972.1
review: It is absolutely worthless. Will not start. I would not recommend Steam. The problem is not Civ V
game-hours: 44.4
review: I have wasted countless hours of my life on this game, but it was definitely worth it.
game-hours: 64.3
review: Awesome. Worth buying. Just buy it.
game-hours: 69.1
review: Never been a fan of strategy games. I guess this was because I'd never really played them. My brother, who is very similar to me, told me to try out Civ. I'm glad I did, because it now ranks in my top ten favorite games. If you are like me, and someone that comes from a first person background, give this a try.
game-hours: 344.7
review: This game is a perfect play for any youtuber/streamer to do a long stream on. Each game is around 6 hours long and is tense every minute of it. This game provides the player the perfect control over a country and grow it to the top. It is a turn based game that requires strategy all the time! You start out at around 3000 B.C. and play until everyone gets blown-up or until the 330th turn! Rate Out Of 10: 8.9
game-hours: 183.3
review: This is by far one of my favorite pc games of all time. The reason I think this game is so good is that it never really gets boring, there are so many mods for the game, and it's so dynamic, it's just really hard to get actually bored of this game. To top it off, it has great graphics, which in all honesty aren't really required for a game like this. I might be a bit biassed of course since I love all of Sid Meier's games, but this one really takes the cake, I would recomend buying this game to all of my friends.
game-hours: 316.1
review: This game is hours of fun! Each expansion pack adds a new demension to the game making it even more fun. This game can make you easily forget that there is a world going on outside your computer room. The game is awesome to play with friends. Best installment of the series thus far. Endless fun.
game-hours: 4.0
review: Very good game i like it!!! :)
game-hours: 94.3
review: gg no re
game-hours: 46.0
review: Fun. Quite. Now give me my badges damnit.
game-hours: 38.6
review: awesome game just don't know why i cant play direct X 11...
game-hours: 139.5
review: Sou muito suspeito pra falar de Civilization, porque acho que  a srie de jogos que mais joguei durante a vida, desde o Civ II. Mas isso no quer dizer que eu seja necessariamente bom no jogo! A princpio tive um pouco de preconceito com o jogo, mas depois me apaixonei pela nova verso da srie. E percebi as melhoras, como os hexgonos no lugar dos quadrados da verso anterior. Teve algumas pioras tambm, coisas pequenas, dentre elas por exemplo o design do jogo em geral (apesar de que isso  meio pessoal). A inteligncia artificial parece que foi piorada um pouco tambm, e o jogo continua, nos nveis mais difceis, simplesmente tirando coisas de voc para "equilibrar as coisas", o que  errado. Mas enfim, Civilization  sempre Civilization, dou 9,5 pra verso V, e esse meio ponto tirado conta todos os defeitos, pois o restante dos sucessos simplesmente ofusca eles. Pra quem gosta de jogos de estratgia em turnos e histria,  o jogo perfeito.
game-hours: 191.0
review: Good game would recommend buying
game-hours: 192.0
review: Is it just me or is this game buggy.
game-hours: 287.3
review: I think this is a very fum
game-hours: 485.2
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V is a beautiful masterpiece of a game. The vanilla game alone is good, but when you see the number of things that you can download on the Workshop or make yourself, it transforms it into an immense, content-packed game. There are mods to fix things, to add whole civilizations, to add maps, to completely overhaul the game itself, and many many more, and if those don't appeal to you, then with a few hours of using the SDK available, you can make your own scenarios, mods, and more. tl;dr:A brilliant game made so much better by the huge amount of content available.
game-hours: 96.9
review: It is fun UNLESS YOU PLAYING AGAINST ING GERMANY. ps dont buy on steam its 50$ less at eb games
game-hours: 284.8
review: Civilization V is must have game for people who enjoy strategy games. This game has combinations that will fit any person playing style. The basic things for this game are easy to learn. As you learn the more advanced items, your style will form to it and allow you to us it to the best of your abilities. For those who really like the past Cilization games, you will like this one as well. And don't forget about the expandes, they take the gameplay to a whole new level.
game-hours: 115.2
review: maybe just one more turn.... mmmm just one more. wait why is it 4 in the morning now.
game-hours: 322.8
review: This might be one of the finest games I've played, and I don't get sick of it, even that I have played it a long time with no stop. Mostly fun with friends, but also fun alone, since all the rounds you play are different. So this is a 9.5/10.
game-hours: 1584.8
review: Great depth and repeatability. A lot of games are good one time through, but this one can be replayed many times. I've been playing this franchise since the first version. Highly recommended.
game-hours: 9.3
review: A very good strategic game but requires a lot of patience and time. Gripping adventure to conquer nations in peaceful or war ways. A must have for strategic awe.
game-hours: 57.2
review: Very addictive, 34 hours logged in 3 or 4 sessions. Gandhi nuked me 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 378.2
review: Note: This is based on Civ5 Complete, which means it's mostly based on the Brave New World expansion. Start off as a small tribe exploring your surroundings and end with a globe spanning empire that can strive for a diplomatic world peace, leave earth to explore the stars, or leave its enemies in fallout coated destruction. Wars will break out, allies will stab each other in the back, and the AI nations will dogpile their armies against you for the slightest reason. On higher difficulties you learn to either start off fighting or get crushed by your opponents. After a while you figure out how the AI works and you can use it to your advantage, then you'll have Montezuma attacking the French for you while you're busy buying votes for the next U.N. delegation. When Civ5 first came out I didn't particularly want it. After what was probably thousands of hours spent in Civ4, the changes like removing stackable units and a hexagon-based tilemap seemed crazy. Eventually though Civ5 and the expansions went cheap, and now it's another game I can't put away. Each civ has its own unique empire ability which makes them more unique compared to Civ4's personalities. Then social policies and faith can add extra bonuses to shape the empire to your desires. City states can boost your economy with trade or be easy pickings for your army to conquer. The inability to trade maps and technology seems a bit weird, so you need to be sure you're running strong in the tech race or you'll get left in the dust. Spies can help a bit, but they can only do so much on their own. Around the industrial era and beyond the units get much stronger and your peasants with swords and spears are gonna get gunned down quickly by gattling guns. The modding community is strong, so many complaints about the game have mods that fix or remove them *cough*WarmongerHatred*cough* and add in any wacky or historical civilization you want. Finally you can bring your fantasy of crushing Hitler's armies as the Dark Lord Sauron by using uranium powered mechs provided by Toronto. Overall I totally recommend this game, just keep an eye on the time or you'll lose a lot of sleep.
game-hours: 114.9
review: Probably one of the best games around. It isnt like Age of Emires where the whole job is to kill everyone, thats comes late in the game. You work with real world leaders, make alliances, and get some really mad and if you do decide to go fight a war, then be prepared to fight. I decided to try to take down Egypt and that war lasted over a 1000 years in the end I just gave up and went back home.
game-hours: 319.4
review: This game has been one of my favorites for quite a while, I mean whats not amazing about taking over the world? Although it may get tiring after a while, it is an overall addicting game with great DLC, would definitely recommend this game to friends!
game-hours: 101.1
review: freaking germans
game-hours: 115.9
review: <------ What I've been saying to rival city states.
game-hours: 72.7
review: i like to build mega cities, mega fun
game-hours: 37.6
review: This game is absolutely great. The best turn based game ive played
game-hours: 132.9
review: very good game. by far my favoritre
game-hours: 402.0
review: Great strategy game, dare I say unparralled. The hex system is revolutionary and makes for a greater experience, especially in combat. The base game is great, but that said, I could never return to the base game after playing with the two gameplay expansions of Gods and Kings and Brave New World. However, the base game allows for so many different experiences in itself, it's still an amazing game on it's own feet. The diplomacy is wonderful too, and the ai, especially as the difficulty is raised, react to every action taken by the player, whether it is a good-faith trade or the assembly of troops at the border. I've spent hours on end playing it and my only negative comment is that you can't play it if you have plans that night, because you will cancel those plans. Enjoy.
game-hours: 2021.9
review: Long games... good for rainy weekends.
game-hours: 322.0
review: This game will destroy your marriage..... and you won't even care because you just need to go one more turn.
game-hours: 498.2
review: Who knew being a warmongering world superpower could be so fun?
game-hours: 38.7
review: My first game took 24 hours. 24 hours for the Aztec people to conquer the world... And then we went to space. Deal with the historical and cultural anachronisms! They are probably one of the best parts of playing this game. Solid strategy game, very large, a few different ways to play, music is good, and it runs well. 10/10 would nuke Augustus Caesar again.
game-hours: 375.4
review: more addictive than water
game-hours: 6.3
review: One of the best strategy games. So much stuff to do, to think about. This game look like Anno or The Settlers with turn base system. :)
game-hours: 83.7
review: This game is interesting and can be fun, but the lack of any real kind of diplomacy leaves much to be desired. I found myself being frustrated by the game more than I enjoyed it which is unfortunate, the game has tremendous production values and solid presentation. I can't recommend this game as my friends have the same reservations as I do.
game-hours: 1767.5
review: This was the first of the Civ games I've played, but I think I can say from my modest time playing the game that it is quite fantastic. I love turn-based and real-time strategy games, and this game really fills that need in my gaming life. It has all the replayability I enjoyed from the Total War franchise, without the tedious battle direction that I eventually got bored with. Add that to the fact that you can make it as easy or difficult as you want and you have an overall fantastic game. I say 5 stars.
game-hours: 42.9
review: One of the most time consuming games I have ever played. Spent hours playing through the tutorial.
game-hours: 153.1
review: I liked the game. though you have to like a game that takes time to play. :)
game-hours: 376.9
review: Remember what happens in a civ game stays in a civ game
game-hours: 130.8
review: I've been playing Civilization since Civ3, and I am not disapointed at all with this game. Great graphics, incredible tech tree, and the DLCs are some of the greatest add-ons yet. With great modding allowed even, it just gets better. If you love Turn Based Strats, you wont go wrong here. Get it now, rule the world later
game-hours: 42.7
review: I found this game to be super fun and rewarding. I can't wait to try out the multi-player. My only complaint with the game is with them using Bismark instead of Hitler, who is a lot more well known, and lets face it, was a more successful leader.
game-hours: 219.4
review: I'd chop off my leg to play this game again
game-hours: 53.9
review: You will not realize you put a week into this in one sitting until you die of thirst. Yeah, it's that addicting and absorbing.
game-hours: 60.4
review: great game so differnt empires so many differnt so many ways to play your game could turn around with deal that was not thought through
game-hours: 17.7
review: Great game. A lot of hours you will spend in building, making war, diplomacy and management.
game-hours: 460.6
review: I really enjoy this game. So will you.
game-hours: 58.1
review: Hours of fun!
game-hours: 506.9
review: Die hard civilization fan here so the only thing i can complain about is the inflated price of the dlc packs, i really want the new brave new world dlc but 30 bucks for 1 dlc is kinda ridiculous especially with civ6 scheduled to be released next year. i already bought the game and all dlc available seperately, So i have already spent more on this game than the price of the combo. On top of that i didnt get some scenario games with some of the earlier dlc and a few of the civ's, i tried steam and civ support and they each blamed the other and ended up giving up after fruitless hours of customer service. Awesome game but the support sucks from steam.
game-hours: 265.1
review: dlcs op plz nerf
game-hours: 171.8
review: Inmersive experience. Makes hours fly. Unleash your inner dictator :D
game-hours: 130.7
review: Like Skyrim, but turn-based.
game-hours: 131.4
review: This is by far one of the best turn based games I've played. Whether it's trying to get more delegates for the next World Congress, warding NPCs or other players off your borders, or fending off the all-too-many Barbarians, there's always something to do, and it gets even better with friends.
game-hours: 34.0
review: addicting i played 20 hours in one day it felt like 2 hours
game-hours: 259.3
review: This is one of the best games out there right now. If you're going to get it I suggest BNW because it's practically a new game. 200+ hours on this stradgey game is only the begining for me. This game is the best stradgey game I've ever played. Civ 5 puts Risk to shame!
game-hours: 228.5
review: Excellent game especially with the Gods and Kings DLC
game-hours: 156.5
review: I would say a downgrade from what civilization IV was. The game seems more dull and repetitive. The price also has not gone down much but I guess that doesnt matter. One improvement to the game was the new hexagonal map and being able to culturally expand via gold and improvement of the production. I would say save your money an buy civilaztion IV though.
game-hours: 37.4
review: As fun and addicted a Civ game as ever. Interface is very clean and streamlined. Proudly continues the legacy of the series and will leave you awake in the wee hours of the morning muttering "one more turn..." to yourself. Great game.
game-hours: 1228.3
review: can be a fun game. multiplayer should be done with friends to be enjoyable.
game-hours: 294.6
review: I liked this game quite a bit in Vanilla, but the replay value was a bit stale for my taste. The Brave New World dlc has really beefed up the midgame, and offered a variety of new options that keep games fresh. Still not sure it was worth $30, but grab it during a sale and you won't be disappointed.
game-hours: 91.2
review: Grand strategy at its finest without being too complicated. Great fun alone or with friends and easy to pick up. Just beware that its a time sapper. Before ones knows whats happen 12 hours have past and the game still isnt finished.
game-hours: 300.3
review: 8/10
game-hours: 2012.0
review: I have been playing this series since Civillization (the first one didn't have a number . . .) Each one is great and yet the manage to make the next one better. I really like the way they have handled both religion and trade in this version - much better than III or IV
game-hours: 662.4
review: Solid. Fun. Nuanced enough for tons of replayability.
game-hours: 75.6
review: If you're a huge fan of the older civilization games you may be disappointed by the vast amount of changes they made in this installment of the series. I, however, loved all of the changes. The game feels sleeker, more streamlined and is just a lot more fun. Whenever my friends and I start a game up together we find it hard to get off.
game-hours: 178.6
review: You can kill Gandhi 11/10 Kony Kush game of the year
game-hours: 1211.6
review: Civ V...just one more turn....
game-hours: 27.4
review: Should I explain more on how great this game is? Pros: -Random map, different people, full replayability -Tactical battle is always a plus -Running a country has never been this accurate Cons: -Unrealism in the game, such as a city producing one thing and Gandhi nukes me -I missed school for a few days after buying this game Worth: I bought it for $49.99 so it's $299.99 out of $49.99
game-hours: 173.9
review: buy it
game-hours: 259.2
review: I love everything about this game except how to long it takes to get achievements.
game-hours: 590.7
review: It's a fun game. Definitely sucks you in and you won't know how much time goes by when you're playing. If you're looking for something fast-paced this is not your game. If you're looking for a solid strategy game with tons of different playstyles then you should definitely try it out. The dlc's and mods also add quite a bit to the game if you get bored of vanilla.
game-hours: 257.5
review: One year later, I get how Tourism works, maybe I can win a Culture vic--- GENGHIS WHAT ARE YOU DOING.... GENGHIS PLS NO STAHP HAVE MERCY *lost game*
game-hours: 321.8
review: life waster
game-hours: 805.3
review: Be all buddy-buddy with people while secretly paying their neighbour to nuke them back into the stone age. Also their neighbour is Gandhi. 10/10 would bribe Gandhi to instigate nuclear war again.
game-hours: 5.0
review: Ghandi a lil b!tch tho
game-hours: 976.4
review: Just one more turn ....
game-hours: 6.5
review: .
game-hours: 75.2
review: Amazing turn base stratergy game, can get lost in it for hours
game-hours: 64.4
review: I never get bored with this game, end of :D
game-hours: 35.5
review: This game really makes you lose track of time. Fun and very addicting!
game-hours: 561.3
review: Great game, just dont play it if you have something to do in the next 4-8 hours
game-hours: 522.2
review: Have an extra, oh I don't know, month or so to kill? Civ V is about as in depth of a strategy game you'll find, and by far one of the most fun. The 5th in the long line of great games, this one is worth the time, and the DLC.
game-hours: 136.5
review: Game good
game-hours: 92.1
review: it's the bee's knees
game-hours: 46.2
review: wonderful! The first hour you will just not understand nothing, but take your time and get comfertable with the game! JUST WONDERFUL game!
game-hours: 205.4
review: AWESOME
game-hours: 1063.9
review: With both expansions installed, Civ 5 finally becomes as complex as previous installments (they add religion, world congress, etc). AI still kind of sucks at combat, but otherwise it's a great game that you can sink many hours into.
game-hours: 169.0
review: Excelent game in the series, my favorite since Call to Power. The game complexity is such charming, and you'll hardly find any comprehensive material about it. Most of times, you'll just need to learn on your own. Hex tiles and non-stacking military units resulted in a very strategical militar combat planning, as opposed to the death stcks of the game predecessors. Graphics are just gorgeous. Sometimes you want to go to war just to watch some swords swinging. Soundtracks as always are excelent and immersive. Infinite City Spawn is sadly still a problem, but much better than the other games in the series. Recommended!
game-hours: 103.7
review: Civilization V is the latest game in a series which has spanned more than a decade. It's cool, the games are downright awesome but most importantly, the game is fun. With the Gold Edition, the player's gain the chance to play as one of over 34 different civilizations. Whilst the games are lengthy, the idea of competeing against your friends and other AI in diplomatic and military solutions as well as economic, cultural and scientific all add to the joy. This game is THE STRATGY GAME. I strongly advise you to give it a go. It's not complicated. And it's not hard.
game-hours: 223.2
review: best. game. ever. okokok
game-hours: 170.8
review: A epic game! The game is hard and takes skill to play. If you lied games like MAster of Orion, this game is like that just a different theme, based on human history, and more in depth. I have played countless hours of this game and do not understand the gripes with this game. Civilization was made for gameplay not graphics. About the only gripe I do have is that the game does get kinda laggy as there are a lot of big civilizations, but it is not that big of a deal. This is because it takes longer for the computer to think about what moves to make. Be prepared to spend many many hours playing Civilization each game takes many hours to finish. But it is fun and addictive. I do not have the "Brave New World" Expansion, but those I know who do have it say it is great. I do however have "Gods and Kings"
game-hours: 9.2
review: Really good. Best stradegy game I ever played (I havent really played any others)
game-hours: 16.2
review: It allows you to say "Khaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaan!
game-hours: 452.1
review: There is no reason not to own this game. Have played lots of hours with the base game and all the expansions and even if I got tired of it there is a large moc community on the steam workshop.
game-hours: 199.8
review: This game is freaking fantastic and I definitely recommend buying this game. This is the type of game you can spend hour upon hour playing with a freind or by yourself.
game-hours: 252.1
review: Wake up every morning at 10 o'clock at night, half an hour before going to bed Drink a cup of sulpheric acid Play Civ V 29 hours a day *insert city* wants whales *insert leader* denounces me *insert city* wants whales *insert leader* attacks me for no reason *insert city* wants whales Gandhi nukes me Leave the world on a spaceship/kill everyone/build a perfect society/wait until doomsday Repeat 10/10
game-hours: 11.3
review: Win!
game-hours: 914.8
review: If you have any interest in strategy games, you probably already have it and a couple of it's predecessors. Otherwise, buy it and your only regret will be that the wife left you, got the house and the kids. But hey, chances are you won't notice anyway.
game-hours: 171.3
review: Didn't think it was possible, but a game that was arguably more simple than Civ Rev on consoles at launch has been transformed into a more than decent title (just make sure to pick up the expacs). The fact they they simplified so much after the most complex title (Civ IV) imo was a shock to many, but rest assured that while this doesn't come close to Paradox titles, there's enough to chew on for that "one more turn" feel to creep back into the game. 8/10 for taking years and years to get here, otherwise it would be a 10 like practically every other main Civ title....now let's see Rome II pull this off, LOL.
game-hours: 343.9
review: One of the Best game ever made you will never get bored of it becasue there are so many different things to do
game-hours: 65.0
review: This game was everything you could ever want from a game like this.
game-hours: 1055.9
review: Civ 5 is the best yet! I have logged more than 1000 hours playing this game. Enough said.
game-hours: 84.1
review: One of the best in the series.
game-hours: 149.2
review: The best tactical game ever! Yes, it takes a long time to play, but its totaly worth it. Espesially fun with your friends!
game-hours: 137.8
review: Great game, have lots of fun playing this especially with friends, very good for a multiplayer strategy game however the number of dlc for extra nations is abit annoying but there are many nations you can add from the steam workshop, worth the money.
game-hours: 23.9
review: This if the first Civ same I have played and absolutely loved it. Over a week later and the game is still going and not many games have kept my attention and intrigue this long.
game-hours: 345.2
review: Civilization 5 is a beautiful game full of strategy and horrible multiplayer 0/10 kill it.
game-hours: 141.0
review: Best Turn-based strategy game. Lot of nation and civilization. Very well made random map generator for skirmish game mode.
game-hours: 31.2
review: how can i write a review if i don't own the game pls explain. 10/10
game-hours: 105.3
review: Mother Russia.
game-hours: 119.5
review: CIV = LIFE
game-hours: 161.7
review: Really fun game to play. Is more of a game that requires knowledge about the game more than skill not like an FPS. Way better to play with friends. Definetly advise getting the complete editition especially Brave New World
game-hours: 57.2
review: Really fun game. Good to play with a lot of people! Really easy to get lost in.
game-hours: 648.0
review: Honestly, get this game! do not wait. it is amazing!
game-hours: 15.4
review: One of my Favourite stratergy games so much fun yet it takes a lot of time to play and adding mor Civs via workshop makes it even better
game-hours: 31.1
review: this game is amazing.So many playthroughs. 9.5/10
game-hours: 159.8
review: A great time killer if your into this kind of game
game-hours: 29.5
review: I had never owned a Civ game prior to purchasing the Civ V Complete Edition, but I played the game for 18.8 hours in the first 2 days I owned it. I can't recommend this enough.
game-hours: 237.1
review: If you love 'em you love 'em, if you hate 'em you hate 'em. They are what they are. Civ V is no disappointment as a successor to the series.
game-hours: 107.6
review: With the release of Brave New World, the mecahincs of CiV V finally feel reasonably streamlined. Always something to build, lots of ways to achieve victory, and culture and tourism really feel like epic options to pursue. I would have to recommend getting both expansions to get the most comprehensive experience. The map and civ packs are also great additions, as each has RADICALLY different civs to try. There's a civ for every playstyle
game-hours: 15.6
review: Very cool game, Ive played about 10 hours worth and still have no clue what im doing, Looking forward to seeing what I can do though :D
game-hours: 56.6
review: its a great game i was wanting to get it after i watched one of my favorit youtubers play
game-hours: 89.7
review: Sid Meier's Ethnic Cleanse V
game-hours: 44.2
review: No matter what you do, NEVER TRUST GHANDI!!!!!!!Also, every once-in-a-while, check your clock, cause it probbably been a couple days since you started playing. 20/10
game-hours: 64.0
review: Just like in real life people in this game seem to instantly dislike me and want nothing to do with me. Anyway this game is still enjoyable, unlike real life.
game-hours: 66.5
review: A great game that will suck your life away!
game-hours: 74.4
review: ruined my life
game-hours: 21.5
review: Fantastic game. Like you should buy it just because I say so.
game-hours: 210.3
review: amazing game
game-hours: 225.5
review: this game is the best, buy this
game-hours: 63.0
review: Buy this game if you have nothing to live for and you want to ruin your life
game-hours: 487.7
review: This game has many strategic flaws when played against the CPU; playing on harder difficulty settings, like Deity, is more an experience in AI manipulation than anything else. The Civs are incredibly imbalanced so once you get a handle on the game you have to deliberately play with a handicap unless you're picking some of the top tier civs. The game itself is incredibly fun to play and addicting if you don't mind the AI and have a ton of time on your hands. Longer games can take ten minutes per turn during war time, but you'll find you enjoy the time. Multiplayer is a ton of fun with people and is where the game really shines, but it has a problem in that you can sink a ton of time into the game and fend off an opponent's attack, but be so badly damaged it will guarantee that you cannot win. This puts you in a "waste time or leave" situation and most people leave and are replaced by the AI, which has manipulation problems. If you have friends that play the game, this is the perfect game to sink a weekend into and make your own house rules. The gameplay is very fun, lots of bar filling and min-maxing at the higher level of play. The feeling of pursuing a strategy and then it coming to fruition is a great one in this game, almost solely because of the time investment. This game WILL take days of your life away though.
game-hours: 73.4
review: Although I've never been one for RTS', Civiliztion V is just such a fun experience that I just could not put it down. It's the kind of game you get lost in and find yourself playing long after you'd think it would be time to stop. It's a game that a person of any taste, whether it be someone whom enjoys awesome RTS' or maybe someone who just likes the experience of being a leader on the world stage, the experience is the same either way, truely amazing. With gameplay like this, it's no wonder that the franchise 'Civilization' has been around so long yet stayed so relevant. I can't wait to try future installments.
game-hours: 109.3
review: Tell all the other Npc's to destroy Friend. They don't listen. Friend starts destroying me. They all attack friend. 11/10
game-hours: 292.9
review: So I started this game with my freinds with a cultural victory in mind. Found out I suck at culture victories and was forced to fight a war because some AI declares war on my as always. End up taking his capital and everyone end up hating me. Go into a weird warmongering, insane, roleplaying mindset and attack one of my freinds. He had no defence so I took everyone of his cities. He spends the entire war telling every single AI to attack me. Minute I take his capital they all declare war on me. Ragequit. 14/10
game-hours: 242.5
review: cool game, played for hours and hours
game-hours: 22.4
review: Good game for every conspirator, war driven fanatic, or Diplomatic Peacekeeper. Recommend to play with friends
game-hours: 119.0
review: WOW. Civilization V. Probably one of the funest games I have played. You need to make important decisions all through out the game. Think Simcity with combat, and much much much more. This game allows you to rule your very own empire. I suggest and recommend getting the complete edition because this includes so much more things to do, which makes the game play so much more detailed and dynamic. Be warned. A standard game on this will take around 8 hours. This isn't a game you can simply pop onto and leave, it is extremely addictive and enjoyable!!! Get this game if you love tactical games!
game-hours: 102.0
review: There's a playable world leader called Kamehameha, nuff said nerds
game-hours: 662.5
review: The best game you will ever play, although ruining your life turn by turn, 10/10.
game-hours: 103.4
review: Gandi nuke rate is set to 12 the max is 10!
game-hours: 123.6
review: All I have to say about this game is you will lose many hours playing it. It's a great game!
game-hours: 422.8
review: Despite some of its issues such as mod incompatibility in multiplayer, Sid Meier's Civilization V still stands out being one of the best turn based strategy games.
game-hours: 173.6
review: get is right meow!
game-hours: 141.9
review: 28.5 hours played, more than 10 games started, not a single one finished.
game-hours: 22.0
review: Love it
game-hours: 74.5
review: Nothing but awesome. I found the franchise back with Civ2. Been hooked ever since. Good for the casual player and ultimate strategist alike. Be warned that once you start playing, sleep will be a thing of the past...
game-hours: 7.6
review: This game is really fun, i myself is not a big RTS player but i find this game very easy but still challening to undertstand, you just cant keep yourself from pressing the next turn button and you feel like a god when you're controling the outcome of the different kingdoms!
game-hours: 352.8
review: As you can see I've been playing a little bit... This game is dope, DOOOOOOOPE I saaaaaaay. BTW I've just beaten level 7, if anybody wants some tips, ask me
game-hours: 279.9
review: Amazing game i got 240 hours currently on this always fun to play. But kind of has bad multiplayer support
game-hours: 225.9
review: Mongols built the Great Wall before getting overrun by Chinese horsemen. Irony 10/10.
game-hours: 474.7
review: Best game 2014!
game-hours: 60.2
review: Starting with Civilization on MS-Dos this game has accompanied me more than half of my life. With this one they managed to make the game interesting and enjoyable despite it still being a successor in a long row of Civilizations.
game-hours: 19.8
review: First time trying out the civilisation series. Must say this game really got me hooked.
game-hours: 158.7
review: I've been playing since Civ 1, played and bought Civ II, Civ III, Civ IV and now Civ V. It is good. But be sure to buy the Complete Edition. You will sleep less because of it, promise.
game-hours: 150.9
review: Just one more turn please ...:-)
game-hours: 363.4
review: Just... one... more... turn... actually turns into one... hundred... more... turns...
game-hours: 88.7
review: Masterpiece
game-hours: 85.8
review: all you could want in a risk style game
game-hours: 153.2
review: Probably the best strategy game ever made because it is very easy to comprehend for a novice and can be amazingly deep and rich for an expert player. Every game is an entirely new experience! Love it and you will too.
game-hours: 669.5
review: I love the new civs and the added faith. BNW completely changed the game, the trade routes especially. Tourism made culture my new favorite victory. I've logged far too many hours in this game.
game-hours: 343.8
review: Just gonna play a quick friday night game aaaaand it's monday morning... Seriously addictive. Crappy AI though.
game-hours: 83.3
review: Do not believe what the history books tell you. Ghandi and Mother Taresa are actually Demons from Hell. They are the most likely to take over your civ and just  with you in general. Do not trust these two.
game-hours: 115.0
review: This is the best slow paced strategy game i have ever played.
game-hours: 300.0
review: Endless hours of entertainment.
game-hours: 123.4
review: Hasn't paid off yet!
game-hours: 29.5
review: the best stratagy game i have played highly recomend to all
game-hours: 150.0
review: Dangerously addictive game.
game-hours: 88.5
review: Legendary game! Have to get the expansions also, though.
game-hours: 753.1
review: such wow
game-hours: 119.2
review: This is one of the best games I've ever played. My friends and I love playing this. I reccomend this game to everyone.
game-hours: 414.0
review: 10/10 Extremely time consuming strategy game that has entertained me for countless hours.
game-hours: 376.8
review: Fantastic game for someone who is looking for a lower intensity strategy game. The learning curve is a bit daunting. But, its 100% worth it once you fully understand the gravity of your decisions in game.
game-hours: 16.9
review: This game is amazing! All the rewards it has gotten are well-deserved. I would read the full review on a website like IGN or such, but if there is anything you can get out of my review, it is that you should buy this game. A perfect blend of in-depth building and strategizing, and fast-paced gameplay. With so many options to choose from, you really do choose your own path, again and again and again. With different gameplay options, many different factions to play as, infinite decisions to make and paths to travel down over and over, plus all of the mods and now Steam Workshop, you cannot go wrong with a purchase like this.
game-hours: 295.2
review: Fun Times...Fun Times...
game-hours: 68.1
review: Great game. DLC's seem expensive, but then again, they aren't really required at all.
game-hours: 761.3
review: I love this game so much, once you learn to play it's the best. Make sure to pick up all the expansions!
game-hours: 172.6
review: I hate Ghandi.
game-hours: 48.3
review: I like this game
game-hours: 23.3
review: a good game to build strategy and learn of some historical figures.
game-hours: 9.1
review: A perfect game if you need to kill 6 hours. Definitely opt for the Complete Edition, though. The two expansions add much more depth to the base game.
game-hours: 138.3
review: it is awsome for stargest gamers or some one new to gaming the game is boring if if you dont have resoces /addons so get it now
game-hours: 204.3
review: My Giant Death Robot died to a barbarian archer... 10/10 Would nuke Gandhi again!
game-hours: 314.1
review: its good
game-hours: 192.6
review: This is awesome.
game-hours: 127.8
review: This game is a Turnbased game, which at first made me dislike it, but that changed, as I began to play more, which showed the true gameplay. The sheer need for actual strategy, makes it worth it.
game-hours: 9.5
review: I have already played this game for 5 hours and I started playing last night. Your first game is going to be a bit tricky, because you have to learn all the symbols and figure out how to maneuver, but after a few hours it gets really fun. With some games, I would have already gotten bored, but there is so much content that I doubt I will ever be bored with this game.
game-hours: 61.4
review: Possibly the most addictive thing that's legal to buy. Incredible game, "Just One More Turn" will become your new motto...
game-hours: 18.2
review: the only downside to this game is that u will lose your life to its awesomeness !!!
game-hours: 57.4
review: What I really like is the replayability of this game and the fact that when replaying I can go completely different routes to complete the game
game-hours: 80.0
review: ghandi nukes all 10/10
game-hours: 116.8
review: I love this game soo much ans it is soo addictive
game-hours: 102.9
review: PLAY THIS GAME
game-hours: 184.5
review: Slow and steady game but if you like the details and tatics about building an empire and claiming the world get this game.
game-hours: 304.4
review: This game has very fun, addictive, and well polished gameplay that makes you play for hours on end without realizing it. I recommend getting either or both of the expansions for the game, as they both improve the gameplay greatly.
game-hours: 1336.3
review: Great game, the hours spent says it all.
game-hours: 180.4
review: Best so far.
game-hours: 431.0
review: Time Machine !!!
game-hours: 318.2
review: Amazing get it now
game-hours: 99.4
review: Fun little time killer, easy to run, easy to learn & Overall amazing with friends.
game-hours: 191.7
review: Did a thing
game-hours: 87.2
review: If you don't value your time you should buy this game.
game-hours: 848.2
review: So good.
game-hours: 241.5
review: This game makes hours feel like seconds
game-hours: 825.2
review: Handsdown my favorite game on steam... I'm always up for a game of Civ V. Do you like history? you'll love Civ V... You hate history? You can change it in Civ V. It's like the best game ever... It's the best game... It's the best... Trust me... You'll love it.
game-hours: 104.5
review: I did not think I would like this as Turn Based Strategy games are usually not my thing. I ended up loving it! Especially fun to play with friends and my husband.
game-hours: 31.4
review: You have to buy this game. No exceptions. I would play it 25/8 if I could.
game-hours: 5.1
review: I have Sid Meier's Civilization V: Complete Edition. Here is how my first game went an Incan: Babylon's Nebuchadnezzar was being a pain and constantly telling me how weak and pathetic I am. I kept telling him Very Well until I guess he couldn't take it anymore because he declared war on me. At this point I already have a fairly large military and plenty of extra gold to create units. I proceed to utterly destroy Nebuchadnezzar until he asks me to declare peace. The good guy that I am I tell him alright, but I want one of your cities. He agrees and we go our seperate ways. I expand a ton and make allies with every city-state I have because I have the monies to do it. Are they an allied with another civilization? Not anymore, I take everything. Since I keep gifting gold to these city-states they provide me with more miltary units and resources than I can handle. I choose the Freedom ideology and decide to play nice and agree to every deal the civilizations offer me, even if they are a bit unfair for me. I am absolutely killing it in diplomacy. I have so many delegates that no one can overrule me! I made my religion the World Religion and payback ol Neb for telling everyone not to trade with me by making it so no one can trade with him. Lo and behold Nebuchadnezzar is all butthurt. He declares war on me even though I have a military twice as large as his. I get in the zone and start destroying the . He tries to declare peace. Not this time. I utterly destroy the guy until I overrun all his cities. Every civilization gets all scared and I proceed to be awesome. Later on my Soshone (Freedom ideology) friend says he wants to declare war on the Siamese (who had been Nebuchadnezzar's best friend). I look at my oversized military and tell him yes. While I pounded the Siamese I declared myself the World Leader and won because I had 34 delegates and everyone else has about 6. I am a boss and it only took 5 hours to do it. Wasn't even nuked by Ghandi.
game-hours: 666.5
review: This is a sure good game
game-hours: 1462.2
review: This is my favorite game. I enjoy the challenges of winning the different types of victories and trying to gain all the achievements.
game-hours: 153.6
review: You start the game, you play for a bit, then you look at the time. Crap. It's been 4 hours but I'm almost done capturing this. 3 hours later. Game is over. If you have a lot of free time on your hands, here's your stimulus.
game-hours: 10.0
review: I could probably play this game for 12 days straight.
game-hours: 39.5
review: Spent six hours building roads on every tile I could so I could get my warriors anywhere I liked on the map in one turn. Lost because my partner discovered space travel while I was still in the dark ages. 9/10 will lose several times again.
game-hours: 185.6
review: This game is an example of pure intelligence and excellence. It is certainly in my top ten games all time! The game is made much better when you buy all of the DLC's.
game-hours: 450.8
review: Everything I thought it would be. I love it.
game-hours: 310.2
review: A great strategy game. You have the option of making the game as difficult or as easy as you like and you always have more than one way of completing a game. The end game can sometimes be quite slow, making it only a matter of time before you win though this has been much improved through the Brave New World expansion pack. It looks good and has some features that are an improvement over Civ IV. Both expansions (G+K and BNW) are highly recommended and improve important parts of the game including trading and religion. The workshop is a must and only makes this game stronger.
game-hours: 526.7
review: Civ V is a black hole of human life; I've spent hundreds of hours revising human history (and more often than not delivering a swift nuclear coup de grace to its menial suffering). If you can hobble together a few reliable friends, and are willing to invest a handful of doomed games to learn the basics, there's nary a fellow who can't or won't love this frankenstein of marriage-killing fun.
game-hours: 102.2
review: I was told I would be nuked by Ghandi. Have been severly disappointed so far.
game-hours: 93.5
review: Warning! You will be shocked how fast the time goes after purchase. 10/10 i love this game.
game-hours: 17.1
review: Just ed up Helsinki, Greece and China, 10/10 GOTY
game-hours: 19.5
review: This game is good if you like turn based stradegy. I feel the game is to easy on the lower difficulties but i do like the wide variety.
game-hours: 47.6
review: 19:00 - Hey guys, let's play some Civ. ... 23:00 - Guys, how long have we been playing? This game passes time so quickly. Amazing.
game-hours: 615.1
review: Most adicting game i have ever played.
game-hours: 29.1
review: Well, now that it's out in a nearly flawless port for GNU/Linux, and apparently runs on a wide variety of distros, this is as good a turn-based strategy game as exists (well, except for Dominions 4...), and it looks and sounds terrific. With all theDLC, you can play a game that is among the top 5 games available on Steam, and have a good old time doing it.
game-hours: 67.7
review: Is it an overstatement to say that this is one, if not the most addictive, enjoyable and intriguin games I have ever played: I dont think so.
game-hours: 420.6
review: Great game except for the wierd borders
game-hours: 21.3
review: i dont think i've stopped playing it yet..... just fantastico
game-hours: 54.8
review: A great gamr i think that the hexagonl dimesion add's something to it.
game-hours: 223.5
review: More More More!!!
game-hours: 10.0
review: if you've ever wanted to be a tyrant and steamroll countries for no reason but the fun of it, this is the game for you
game-hours: 24.2
review: Extremely in-depth and a tremendous amount of fun solo, or with friends. I highly recommend picking this up, however, add it to your wishlist first because you can have steam email you when this goes on a sale which is every 2 minutes.
game-hours: 145.3
review: This is probably the most addictive game I have played in a long time. I love it. This will definitly keep you up at night!
game-hours: 49.8
review: Constructed the Statue of Liberty in Persia. 11/10.
game-hours: 560.3
review: Simply one of the best strategy games I have ever played. A must play.
game-hours: 67.3
review: Civilization 5 is one of the best strategy games I've had the pleasure of playing. The multiplayer is good, the single player is good and you have tons of DLC to choose from. Five star game. Nuff said...
game-hours: 65.4
review: goo
game-hours: 562.7
review: Missing a few good old features from the 4rth, but still a really good game. Some new features, like the 1 unit per case and the hexagonal format, are pretty great and change a lot of things when thinking about strategy. For thos who miss the religions, i also recommend the expansion, kings and god.
game-hours: 105.5
review: This game is a strange kind of addiction. This is a game that requires thinking, and planning. One wrong political decision and you will definantly feel it.
game-hours: 91.8
review: Not just a strategy game but it is an experience. You will lose yourself in the intrigue and strategy of this as you try and build your civilzation into the greatest on the planet. Be you a warlord, diplomat, or economic savant, you can play your way and build a nation in your own image. Do you have what it takes to build the greatest civilzation known to mankind? Can you build a civilzation that withstands the tests of time?!
game-hours: 68.8
review: I really don't know what to say.. I just love this game so much!
game-hours: 495.1
review: Amazing game, defenitly recomended.
game-hours: 133.4
review: great game that never gets boring, make sure you have a clock beside your monitor while you play.
game-hours: 316.6
review: Love it!
game-hours: 93.4
review: If you're a fan of Age of Empires or any strategy game like that, then this game is for you. I didn't know what to expect when I went into this game, and sort of got lost, but then my knowledge of Age of Empires kicked in and I knew how to win.
game-hours: 61.4
review: Civilization V is one of the best strategy war games I've ever played. It is extremely well done and with 40+ hours on this game I have never encountered a single bug. Civilization V is very well made all around, the graphics are great, the AI's have they're own personalities, the eras are perfectly made, and the units for each era are just fantastic and accurate. Also before you start the game, you can go into the advanced settings which allows you to change pretty much every aspect of the game, for example how long you want the game to last, to if you want the units to make animations when moving/attacking. While in-game your mind will not be a rest with choices such as where you want to move your units and which sciences to research. All in all if you are a fan of strategic war games and have lots of time to spare; then Civilization V is a no brainer. I recommend you to purchase this game and if your willing to go farther and purchase the Complete Edition, I have it and it is well worth the extra cost. The game also allows and is open for in-game mods from the Steam Workshop. My rating for Civilization V is (9 / 10)
game-hours: 1310.9
review: Do you have a life or a job that requires attention? Then this is not the game for you. Are you sometimes sitting at home, high as  and wondering, how can i just make the days go by. Well friend, I have the perfect solution for you. With only a small attention span, you too can disolve hours from your life as you forget to bathe. This game is only bettered by WoW, in its time wasting ability. As you try to micromanage every aspect of your empire, you will forget about everything else in your life that even requires the smalles amount of attention. Eating, bodily functions, personal relationships,  all that , buy this game!
game-hours: 291.5
review: Very buggy Crashes late game. They havent even fixed this problem and its been happening since it came out.
game-hours: 123.2
review: Awesome
game-hours: 107.5
review: Great game. Slow starting but ramps up to a lot of fun.
game-hours: 126.3
review: Don't get this game. The reason? JUST. ONE. MORE. TURN. 'Nuff said
game-hours: 362.2
review: I have decided to write this review, because I myself wasnt sure about buying, but reading reviews changed my mind. All I have to say that I was doubtful at first, but you learn this game pretty fast, but you master it pretty slowly. Just one more turn.... And it is 2 AM and I have to get up at 7 AM, god... I hate and love this game at the same time. 10/10 would not sleep again.
game-hours: 282.2
review: Hodor.
game-hours: 123.8
review: good game
game-hours: 40.4
review: If you love strategy board games like Risk. This is definetly for you, lots of fun with your friends!
game-hours: 144.7
review: A fantastic strategy with infinite possibilities. 10/10
game-hours: 40.3
review: [ One more turn, then I'll do break ] ...6h later... [ Okay.., seriously, this is my last turn now ] 10/10
game-hours: 68.1
review: This game is so good! Beautiful graphics perfectly gameplay and really addictive!
game-hours: 64.7
review: Slower RTS game but a great change of pace!
game-hours: 55.6
review: One of the best games i've played.
game-hours: 285.2
review: 10/10
game-hours: 18.9
review: Like a boss :D
game-hours: 23.5
review: I've played all fo the SM Civ games.... Am still a fan. If you like empire building games, you'll love all of the Civ games.
game-hours: 703.6
review: Sneak attack Nuke from Gandhi? Declared a war mongering menace to the world by Atilla? Fun stuff right there. I didn't enjoy the game play changes from Civ 4 to this game at first. But as the hours have burned by I've discovered that this game is very intuitive and enjoyable at every difficulty level and era speed. I highly recommend.
game-hours: 28.2
review: i love this game because it is like real time
game-hours: 53.5
review: My computer's clock seems to be broken... Showing me it's 2014 when I'm pretty sure it's 2012. Whatever, I'll fix it after one more turn...
game-hours: 34.3
review: Such an awesome game to play if you just want to kick back and rule the world.
game-hours: 157.8
review: If you need a high quality time sink, this is a good game. The game isn't boring and is fairly easy to get the hang of. Some turns require more thinking and some turns require less. When I first started playing, my OCD to be far more prevelent than in most game. Some turns require more thinking and others require no thinking. This is something that is rough on simplier methods of managing OCD. I did manage in the long run. The linux port is top notch. Full screen behaves way better than most games. Graphics are nice but don't really matter much for this type of game.
game-hours: 184.5
review: 10/10 gave crabs to Theodora of Byzantine
game-hours: 173.8
review: I simply love this game, every game is different and enjoyable, you can customize enough to make it pretty darn challenging or a sandbox laidback session. I def. recommend this. Seriously. Buy this game. Play it.
game-hours: 269.3
review: The single best strategy game i have ever played. Sessions of this game take a while, but it keeps you enthralled and offers a lot of replay value due to DLC and a huge amount of characters to play. If you have ever enjoyed a strategy game, and have not already played this one, buy this game.
game-hours: 154.0
review: I once went over to a freind of mine's house at 9:00 AM. I sat down at the desk next to him, grunted a hello, then loaded up civ V. His parents kicked me out around 11:00 at night. I proceeded to go home and play it for another few hours before passing out on my desk. Woke up the next day with a migrane and an overheated laptop. All of my progress was gone. Almost killed someone. Game was pretty good btw.
game-hours: 79.2
review: Absolutely amazing. Literally nothing bad I can say about it.
game-hours: 241.3
review: Great game to play with your friends
game-hours: 158.7
review: I recomend it because its fun to play with friends. Just Watch out so you dont make them your enemies.
game-hours: 84.8
review: Comes bundled with the smash hit "Waiting For Players 2014"
game-hours: 311.7
review: If you currently have a job then you might want to come down with a "Flu" because Sid Meier's Civilization V is fun, and extreamly addicting. You'll spend hours on here without realizing it, and it may even ruin your relationship status for the first couple days. Enjoy!
game-hours: 59.4
review: ! WARNING ! Highly addictive ! WARNING ! Buy only if you have lots of spare time to sink into this wonderful game ! Truly amazing, but get Brave New World and Gods & Kings with it :)
game-hours: 9.6
review: This is a really fun game. I had only seen one civ game before (Civilization Revolution) and had only played it for a few hours and wasn't a huge fan of it. But this game is truly extroardinary. I didn't play turn-based strategy games before but know I do. Definite Buy. 12/10
game-hours: 370.6
review: This game is just mind blowing!
game-hours: 107.6
review: A great turn-based game. Make sure you have a spare few... days... spare.
game-hours: 20.7
review: Very fun games however each game (on fastest setting) will literally take 5-10 hours. on the marathon setting, expect over 24hr games. as a consequence, i havent played a single full game yet! (about 5 hrs) pros fun multiplayer + cons long games - gameplay= 8/10 graphics= 7/10 sound/audio= 5/10 multiplayer= 9/10 re-playability= 8/10 total= 36/50= try demo, if you like it, buy it! i payed 5 but its worth the 20!
game-hours: 60.6
review: A fantastic strategy game that you'll spend hours playing! You'll only spend more and more time as you pick up on how the mechanics of the game work!
game-hours: 368.2
review: I have enjoyed the Civilization series since the first game rolled out in the 1990s. Although Civilization III and IV had some really great features, I do like the flexibility that Civ V offers. The addition of religion as a "victory" standard is good. The traditional means of attaining victory are still there (cultural, science, conquest, diplomatic), so not much of a change there. I do like the hexigonal map base better than the squares of past Civ installments., However, there are a few things that I do believe needs to be altered in the game. In Civ IV, if your culture was dominant, it was possible to expand your borders through culture. This feature is missing. I would also like more freedom in using the spies, as was available in Civ IV.
game-hours: 63.3
review: Addicting and fun. Worth the money
game-hours: 243.5
review: Good game, very fun to play with friends and others. But keep in mind the solo game isnt as fun as brave new world. So if your gonna get this game better get brave new world as well.
game-hours: 164.2
review: Can wait for the release of Brave New Worlds!!!
game-hours: 113.5
review: Civ V is a must-have game for any strategy game lover. It has everything they could want in a game. Economy, military units, diplomacy, multiple victory conditions, different civilizations, and so on. The only thing lack luster in this game is the diplomacy. Civilization games just never have had a stellar diplomacy engine. The A.I. has always been a little derpy but nothing that can be frustraiting. Just don't be expecting help from allies, or many allies for that matter.
game-hours: 84.7
review: Amazing!
game-hours: 107.6
review: awesome
game-hours: 77.9
review: quick civ. biggest lie you'll ever hear
game-hours: 125.2
review: If you enjoy strategy, you'll love Civ V. Also, it's probably the best Turn-Based Strategy Game around.
game-hours: 20.3
review: fk dis game too long bore hodor
game-hours: 14.4
review: Yo these troops doin these things, in these places....Damn
game-hours: 15.6
review: Very good strategy game.Exceeded my expectatons.Solid gameplay and easy to learn.9/10
game-hours: 60.7
review: Friended Ghandi, got nuked. 10/10
game-hours: 58.0
review: I love this game. fun to play with friends.
game-hours: 163.6
review: What's not to say? This is a great game that I can keep coming back to when I've run out of games (read: money) to play.
game-hours: 89.9
review: Civ 5 is a great addition to the series. Just like the other Civ games, it plays exactly how you want it to play. For example, do you just want to conquer the world by destroying other entire civilizations with the strength of your army? Do it. Do you want to bring about world peace through culture or religion, avoiding physical conflict? Do it! Do you want to play some other way? WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR??? This game is a must for anyone who enjoys strategy games. The game is also like the other Civ games in that the expansions just make it better. With the addition of religion, new races, etc. the gameplay seems dry without. Just FYI. So if you are able to get the expansions, then I highly recommend it. But either way it is a welcomed game to the series and one of the must have strategy games IMO. :D 9/10
game-hours: 181.3
review: Well, this is by far one of the most addicting games I have played. Once you start a map, you keep telling yourself one more turn. The interface takes a little getting used to, and it requires a little bit of strategy, but you can automate a lot of stuff, or customize whatever you want with your civilization. I think the combat is a lot better than IV also. You are given a little information on what could result from the battle before actually fighting the unit. Once you adjust to the interface, you will get hooked on this game. An absolute must play for any strategy gamer.
game-hours: 9.9
review: Well, it's not a bad game at all when it comes to strategy. If you are a person who likes strategy games, this one is for you. However, it does require some patience when it comes to playing on multiplayer, because it is a turn-based game. This is also a really hard game because you need to monitor many things such as the number of citizens you have in a city, or how many turns are left until the next building is completed. Actually, it's not a bad thing because it's a challenge to learn how to multi-task and monitor. In overall, it's a challenging game that requires a lot of experience, but you can learn to do things all at once at most strategy games if you master this game.
game-hours: 50.7
review: ABSOLUTELY LOVE THE GAME!!!! First day i bought it i was like mehh then next day me and my friend play and we are like 6 hours into it and im hooked, and so now sincei bought it 3 days ago its been at 20 hours of play time
game-hours: 1173.2
review: 4 years later, i still can't stop playing.
game-hours: 5.9
review: So ing addicting and amazing
game-hours: 64.3
review: Playing this game is really an investment of time as playing a game is no short task. Though if you're a player to loves to plan, it gives you all the more time to enjoy yourself. Visuals: 7/10 Gameplay: 8/10 Immersion: 8/10 Storyline: N/A Detail: 7/10 Overall: 7.5/10
game-hours: 118.3
review: love this game so much. Jesus, i could just take my balls and rub them all over this. you ever held napoleon under your thumb? you ever ing kicked germany's ? you ever been friends with the great pharoe of egypt? i can't even ing explain. the portion of my mind that i use when i play this s when i open the game. Jesus, you can either wreck  or sit in you corner of the world and prepare a GOD DAMN SPACE SHIP. you can't ing comprehend this. buy the game and rule the world, over and over and over again!
game-hours: 159.9
review: super sweet game
game-hours: 147.0
review: Holy Satan's beach balls on Sunday afternoon. Holy Linux port. Thank you for caring about us Linux users. The game is awesome, too. Cheers!
game-hours: 154.6
review: Had America nuke Japan. A lot. 12/10
game-hours: 94.8
review: Great strategy game. All people who like strategy games shuld get
game-hours: 30.8
review: Great game. Much improvment to Civ 4. This game works better n newer computers. 9/10
game-hours: 42.3
review: One more turn
game-hours: 27.3
review: Very good for strategy lovers and generally a re.ally fun game
game-hours: 92.3
review: Before I started playing, I pictured this game as being kinda like RTS games I've played like Age of Empires. This is more turn-based and strategic than other games, with an emphasis towards building up over a long period of time. And yeah, I mean LOOOOONG. Games can get fairly lengthy, though it's pretty easy to put them on "pause", even in multiplayer. There's definitely a learning curve, and while the tutorials are adequate for the basics, there's a lot of nitty gritty stuff that trips you up the first few games. Overall, this is a great game for turn-based strategy, with lots of replayability, especially if you can get a couple of friends to join you for a long evening session.
game-hours: 91.2
review: I come from tons of hours on Civilization III and i was a little sospicious about this one... but i was wrong. This game balanced, tough and have a lot of new cool stuff. Worth it.
game-hours: 222.5
review: Is there a better game out there than Civ V? I guess only when Civ VI is released. Great game!
game-hours: 185.0
review: Im writing this at 6am. i woke up at 11am the day before. this games terrible for my health =( 11/10
game-hours: 104.6
review: You can denounce your friends. 10/10 Would denounce again.
game-hours: 80.4
review: Egyptian master race 5evr
game-hours: 112.4
review: Amazing game, can't get enough of it :)
game-hours: 105.6
review: An awesome strategy game to play with friends or by yourself. Either way you'll say I'm getting off after the next turn but you'll still be playing for 100 more. Great game can't wait for the next installment!
game-hours: 110.2
review: My jewish friend made me angry so I destroyed Jerusalem -10 outta ten
game-hours: 48.5
review: MUCH AWESOME
game-hours: 48.9
review: If you looking for a good Strategy game look no further with 100's of hours just from the game its self plus all the DLC this will eat away all of that spare time you have....oh and also if you like controlling everything TAKE OVER THE WORLD!!!!
game-hours: 9.8
review: Great game, way better than the first. But its very addicting
game-hours: 152.9
review: No rest for those who wishes to rule the world. I recommend this for the future overlords.
game-hours: 8.4
review: One.... more..... turn......
game-hours: 2938.0
review: Great detail, indepth game play, a must for any strategist.
game-hours: 113.4
review: "Just one more turn" 20/10 would lose all aspects of life again.
game-hours: 105.7
review: The multiplayer over Internet doesn't work, well sometimes the game does start, but it's unusable trying to play MP over the Internet is like trying to swim in thick honey, now I get how the flyes stuck in honey actually feel.
game-hours: 169.9
review: Civ V is another great game from the long line of Sid Meier. Utilizing past titles and some newfound ideas, the game comes together to make an even more realistic civ building game. The variety of difficulty settings keep the game interesting and challenging for people of all levels of experience. I look forward to the next Civ game.
game-hours: 115.6
review: 10/10 Civ 5 is an addictive game of strategy... Psshhh I really don't know much about games. But this one is really fun. It's challenging, and there are so many different ways to win (although nothing really beats just killing everyone else off). If you feel like dominating the world, this is the game for you :)
game-hours: 780.4
review: One of my favorite games of all times, it can be equally realistic and ridiculous and is a definite must buy! I have become a little obsessed with the game and I have hundreds of hours of playtime and have still only scratched the surface of what I can do, and what civs I can play as. You can spend hours developing strategies and plans for the ultimate empire, or just don't give a care and nuke everybody. In my time in Civ I have been able to: -take over the world as the might warlord Ghandi -get my butt kicked by Siam within 20 turns -watch the babylonians burn after they dared to defile me -say that I'll only play for 2 more turns and end up playing another 200
game-hours: 116.4
review: Mto bom esse jogo, ferozmente viciante. Achei melhor q o civ 4, os visuais to bem legais e o fato de no poder ter mais de um soldado em cada posio faz com q o combate seja mais espaado e interessante (no civ 4 os combates eram sempre massacres de exrcitos infinitos entre duas posies, pelo menos do q eu joguei, a era meio chato).
game-hours: 130.6
review: Excellent game. I always seem to end my gaming sessions with "one more turn" that turns into another hour played.
game-hours: 115.6
review: Got Nuked by ghandi it is so realistic 10/10!
game-hours: 630.3
review: sweeeeeeeeeeet
game-hours: 251.4
review: Its Civ!
game-hours: 192.3
review: Civilization is one of the best video game franchises ever, and this is arguably the best version of the game.
game-hours: 107.5
review: Game is hella fun. Lots of replayability, and many hours will be wasted on your domination of the world, or spreading your culture to everyone
game-hours: 100.7
review: Just doing this for a badge. Though is a good game
game-hours: 474.6
review: Civilization V is a massive improvement on Civ IV which, despite being a great game, was nowhere near as detailed or graphically pleasing as Civ V. Come on, it's a Civ game, of course it's going to be great!
game-hours: 19.2
review: It's only a fair trade if you give them all your resources for open borders... 11/10
game-hours: 317.9
review: I played the role of Ghandi, and I repayed the kindness shown to me by the British by sending them a Giant Death Robot. **ZAAP!** That's what i think of your stupid navy **ZAP!!!** Take that longbow archers!!
game-hours: 91.7
review: Great game with great mechanics - I would also recommend getting the main DLCs(Brave New World especially; they really improve the game. Great graphics, solid gameplay and mechanics and very little repetitiveness and great for strategy lovers as if you want you can go really deep into the strategy however it has a steep learning curve but this is ok as you learn everything as you play so you learn quickly. Overall I would definately recommend getting this.
game-hours: 66.8
review: George Washington lives for over 2000 years. Best history combat simulator ever. 10/10
game-hours: 14.9
review: A+++++ awesome game got it on sale for 7.49 but id pay full price if i had to. such a great game
game-hours: 95.2
review: Its the cats pajamas 11/10
game-hours: 109.2
review: Civiliztion Five? more like Frustration Simulator 4000 BCE - 2050 CE... God damn civies building the god damn wonders a turn ahead of me. 10/10 would recommend if you you haven't had a good fit of rage recently
game-hours: 54.3
review: Its good
game-hours: 161.3
review: Why are you still readingthis? Buy the game already.
game-hours: 1490.2
review: Love to frustrated by this game.
game-hours: 153.3
review: Easy to lose an afternoon building up an empire.
game-hours: 20.6
review: Take over the world. Mess up anyone who dares cross your borders. 10 out of 10.
game-hours: 154.9
review: the game is addictive if not frustrating...especially those bloody babarians stealing my civilians...-_-
game-hours: 95.6
review: Got elected the leader of the free world, then next turn nuked ever major city on earth. 10/10
game-hours: 172.1
review: Fantastic game. Be prepared to spend many many hours on a single round.
game-hours: 527.9
review: Buy it. You will not regret it. I have over 450 hours and I still play this game like the day I first got it
game-hours: 639.0
review: Sid Meier does it again, great addition to the franchise and improves on the last.
game-hours: 794.9
review: Does my 317 Hours played say enough?
game-hours: 654.0
review: Great game
game-hours: 183.1
review: Love Civ5. So much fun :)
game-hours: 1873.8
review: Strangely addictive. May cause "just one more turn!" syndrome. I much prefer the style of civ 5 to the previous versions. No more stacks of a billion troops in one tile randomly appearing at your borders. The addition of social policies is a pretty cool feature.
game-hours: 383.8
review: I love this game.
game-hours: 171.9
review: Strategically challenging game that can force you to change your strategy in an instant.
game-hours: 1.2
review: Sid M !
game-hours: 154.7
review: I received this game for free when I purchased my video card. It took me four months to get around to playing it, but man, am I glad I did! This game is awesome! I highly recommend this game.
game-hours: 1165.2
review: love it
game-hours: 17.0
review: Definitely a fun game if you like turn-based strategy. If you like any of the Total War games this is a pretty fun alternative.
game-hours: 38.2
review: Got this for free from some promotion. Spent ~30 hours so far. Is glorious. So good. Deffinatly worth the $7 on sale. I'm considering picking up Brave New Worlds, heard it's spossed to add some shiz.
game-hours: 53.4
review: Great game with expansions and has so much re-playablity. I recomend being egypt for first play through.
game-hours: 58.6
review: I would reccommend this Game to the Strategy Gamers and those who have the patience enough to see their Empire growing from humble beginnings to a mighty nation. It's graphics are amazing and it has an addictive Single & Multi-Player as well totally suitable for friends who intend to have some fun :) LEAD YOUR NATION TO GREATNESS!
game-hours: 91.9
review: So fun!!!
game-hours: 1908.4
review: A great game. I recommmend it to anyone who enjoys strategy, turn-based games.
game-hours: 693.8
review: AWESOME GAME
game-hours: 180.3
review: ITS AMAZING
game-hours: 66.1
review: its f*cking amazing
game-hours: 381.6
review: One of the best games in the Civ Series in my opinion. The game has an excellent combination of strategy, and action (For those who love wars that is.) I would reccomend this game to just about anyone who really wants to play a challenging game, and for those who love strategy, it's a must have. With the Steam community being extremely active in the Work-Shop, the game has an abundant amount of Mods available to change the gameplay. I give the game a 10/10, and would highly suggest you to buy it, if you don't already own it. It'll remain the the game of my choice for years to come.
game-hours: 9.1
review: Get IV instead.
game-hours: 799.8
review: What can I say? It's Civilization. You come in for a turn, you stay for the night.
game-hours: 252.9
review: This game starts slow. It continues to be slow, and it ends slow. So what makes it so great? Civilization is a game of anticipation. Every turn your mouse hovers over "Next Turn", ready to start the round anew. Wonders grant benefits that can't be forgotton, and everyone is a rival. Historical Figures may act in not-so-historical ways, and Empires rise and fall in favor of expansion. Betrayal is common, even expected (Yes, I am talking to you Alexander). But what makes this game so great? Each turn, you grow, With each step, your empire expands. Your technology can soar to the stars, or stay with swords and bow as you cut a path to your victims. Each game is a marathon, games lasting hours before reaching the inevitable end. It is the love of seeing your creation grow, of seeing it devour or expand, spreading peace or culture, and turning hatred against your enemies. For those with patience, for those with the heart to last, you will find yourself revelling in the satisfaction of your own strength. And in time, you too will tell yourself "Just one more turn...."
game-hours: 320.3
review: Civ V is one of my favorite strategy games. I was never a huge Civ player in the past, so take what I say with a grain of salt, but I've lost entire weeks to this game. Nothing else has come close to capturing that much of my free time.
game-hours: 32.7
review: LOVE IT
game-hours: 111.2
review: Can't say this is the best Civ, but it certainly is nice for beginner players and for veterans of the series (like myself) this Civ is very releaxed and easy to play. The rule changes in it are mostly well done and the depth is great. One of the best turn based games. 95%
game-hours: 77.6
review: Such Civ, very country, much conquer, wow.
game-hours: 131.5
review: Steam has a error scince It says I need to repurchase it even though I've played 40 hours. What do I do?
game-hours: 972.4
review: This game is my crack. World-dominating crack. Aw chea.
game-hours: 37.0
review: This game is very addictive and also a time machine. When you start playing it in the morning you suddenly notice that it's already afternoon or even later and feels like you haven't even started it.
game-hours: 404.6
review: Like Skyrim with guns.
game-hours: 335.9
review: The perfect RTS.
game-hours: 148.0
review: Why is this so addictive
game-hours: 32.1
review: This is a fun game when you want to fight as china or america or even romans or the greeks.
game-hours: 43.5
review: For the people that think this game may not be for you i was the same way and when i first played it i thought it was a waste but as you progress through the game more and more it gets a lot more enjoyable and i'm hooked on this game now. worth your money !
game-hours: 374.7
review: amazingly addictive game, with endless replay value. only problem is that some countries can be rather predictable, gandhi will always nuke you, and china will always betray you if your friends then when you knock em back theyre like oh no were friends, couple turns later they betray you again.
game-hours: 274.8
review: With the Brave New World expansion this game is amazing. Without it it's a no good.
game-hours: 43.9
review: Great game, just finished a three hour match where I found myself as President Ghandi of India, I started world wars one, two and even three, then nuked everyone... Don't  with Ghandi! 10/10
game-hours: 39.4
review: Very Very good, however i do have some crashes but overall this game is EPIC
game-hours: 446.8
review: Addictive as hell, be warned!
game-hours: 413.2
review: One....More.....Turn....Is that daylight?
game-hours: 89.1
review: A great game a must have for any Civ fan easy to play hard to master
game-hours: 81.0
review: DIS  OFD DA CHAIN, I PLAY DIS WHILE BUMPIN OUT DA NEW YEEZY
game-hours: 1.8
review: amazing game fun for hours!
game-hours: 85.1
review: amazing love it especially with friends such a treat to play
game-hours: 74.4
review: Fun game if you have some time on your hands.
game-hours: 207.6
review: This game is dangerously addictive. I really dont want to recommend this game but I have had some great moments whilst playing it. The early game is really engrossing. Mid game a bit of a muddle Late game a bit of a chore. But you will find that you consume yourself and your time learning the mechanics of the game only to discover that you are ultimately micro managing several sets of numbers. (hammers, beakers, etc..) Trying to increase them bit by bit. 169.3 hour on Civ 5 and that is nothing compared to others. Life it too short for a game like this.
game-hours: 356.8
review: very good game if you want to pass time like you're doctor who, golden pass more than worth the extra money. this is one of those games that you'll play for a week then stop then later on in the sycle you'll start again. Once again a very good game to pass the time with praticly no effert.
game-hours: 123.8
review: Really enjoyed all the play time this game gives. i havent even touch online yet and im still having fun! some games take time but if you have time to speare then this is defently worth the buy. I run on a laptop and cant run alot of games but this has no problem providing a fun experence.
game-hours: 35.9
review: Awesome game! If you want to play a game for a long time you should buy this, but with expansions.
game-hours: 24.2
review: If you are going to play with your friends and if you have lots lots of time and if you like strategy games ( turn based), just buy it. One of the best games you can buy.
game-hours: 856.0
review: Great game! it's always a pleasure to play with it!
game-hours: 584.9
review: Who doesn't love CIV?
game-hours: 238.1
review: Fantastic game, be prepared to waste incredible amounts of time building an empire while earning the hate of your foes. Wipe out your enemies or protect your borders from your so called 'Allies' and close your grasp on victory. I love it :)
game-hours: 233.5
review: Still an awesome game. I've been playing civilization since the 2nd one and they just keep getting better and better.
game-hours: 116.4
review: Wait i have how many hours on this game?
game-hours: 536.2
review: I'll write this review in a minute, let me just finish this turn...!
game-hours: 60.6
review: Buy this game now, god dammit!
game-hours: 369.3
review: Excellent game. It is different each time I play it.
game-hours: 595.5
review: Yes I do. It is a fun game.
game-hours: 53.0
review: Civ V before the expansions was good. Civ V after the expansions is fantastic. Not to mention the scenarios you can build with the mods through the workshop.
game-hours: 55.0
review: Super fun and addicting. Never thought I'd have this much fun with a turn-based strategy game.
game-hours: 199.4
review: It sucked me in.
game-hours: 225.7
review: For strategy lovers everywhere, just make sure you don't have anything important to do for the rest of the day before starting a game.
game-hours: 56.1
review: Love
game-hours: 97.8
review: Ultimate time sink.
game-hours: 422.0
review: this game is the reason i got a steam account! it provides hours of fun, and no two games are the same. its replay value is through the roof.
game-hours: 187.0
review: Excellent game.
game-hours: 221.1
review: Lack dexterity, but have a wonderful creative, strategic mind? Then you want this. Now.
game-hours: 155.0
review: This game is simply amazing and has lots to offer in terms of DlC pack, multiple play styles, and a spectacular multiplayer community if you ever feel bold enough to play against the world.
game-hours: 39.1
review: I need to leave my room now.
game-hours: 198.0
review: Stupidly addicting
game-hours: 295.0
review: This game got me back to gaming. Very addicting and re-playable. I got it on sale and worth every penny.
game-hours: 460.4
review: This is THE game that pushed me to getting a Steam, and I'll never regret that decision. It's fitting that this has an option for "One...more...turn" for when you win, cause that's all I ever want in this game; One more turn.
game-hours: 16.8
review: This game is a fun strategy game, with a VERY steep learning curve. But once you get past all that its pretty fun.
game-hours: 168.1
review: buy is now
game-hours: 9.2
review: Ill try to be sensible- A truly great game.
game-hours: 424.1
review: Wasn't convinced at first but was soon dragged in. Engrossing. Time flies. 93 hours so far and into my longest game at about 1200 turns. Five stars.
game-hours: 30.8
review: yeah okayo
game-hours: 333.6
review: Awesome game. Great strategy, and doesn't get old. 5/5
game-hours: 48.9
review: I highly recommend this gem of a game.
game-hours: 150.4
review: Best modern strategy game hands down.
game-hours: 61.9
review: one of the best games ever...
game-hours: 83.6
review: not gay
game-hours: 68.7
review: It's no 3 but it's still better than 4. Ghandi is a , btw. 10/10 would nuke him again.
game-hours: 264.8
review: great game, nearly 300 hours played and still fun and with an untold number of awesome mods to always keep it fresh. i can only expect this game to be popular for the next many years.
game-hours: 124.3
review: Be careful... Very addictive
game-hours: 36.1
review: Super fun, but also super time-consuming. Think Risk but politics focused and without all the ruined friendships.
game-hours: 278.7
review: There is a reason I have over 200 hours played on this
game-hours: 75.8
review: Build your empire. Then unbuild other peoples empire with guns.
game-hours: 26.3
review: Really good game, great soundtrack, lots of in-depth options and creative maps. It feels like a classic board game like Risk but with way more options. The only problem is that you can't really play a game in one sitting, since a normal game is already like 8 - 12 hours. The modding community is great, adding free and creative civilizations in the Steam Workshop. This is definitely one of the best PC games out there. If you're into stragedy games, play this!
game-hours: 190.8
review: Love this game so much! Love the entire series! Been Playing since Civ IV. The combat system is so much better improved from Civ IV, and it looks beautiful. Anything could happen... Will be looking forward to beyond earth!
game-hours: 151.6
review: pretty great game
game-hours: 225.9
review: Civ is the greatest ame of all time!!
game-hours: 238.4
review: When it is time to start it up the fun is there for you to have to get the game for a good one
game-hours: 627.3
review: Conquest, culture, currency, diplomacy, expansion, faith, religon, technology, trade. Will you lead your forces to victory? Will you create a country remembered for millenia? Can you build a Civilization to stand the test of time?
game-hours: 352.2
review: I absolutely love this game before getting the game I desired to get this game and It delivered on what I was desiring. Thank You!
game-hours: 62.7
review: Started as the Germans in the medival era, come the start of the 1990's i nuked spain and won 3 world wars. Good times 10/10 replay value, always top on my list
game-hours: 29.9
review: Jesus balls this game is so good.
game-hours: 577.5
review: After second major addon and dozen of smaller patches I can truly say - now, this game is really playable. Lots of new content have been added making the gameplay really exciting and challenging with many leverages player can use against others and in reverse. Nice graphics and gameplay solutions (despite some lacks from other Civ games) make the game quite captivating and leaving you with "one more turn syndrome". Definitely worth of your money.
game-hours: 137.1
review: You can't go wrong with a Civ game. There is a formula here that lasts the test of time.
game-hours: 11.2
review: 9.9/10.... great game
game-hours: 349.5
review: Amazing game with countless hours of replay value.... the worth of the game goes up the more friends tou have to play with :D
game-hours: 37.7
review: JUST GET IT
game-hours: 2044.6
review: Excelent game. Hard on the computer, but worth buying every DLC and expansion. I love it
game-hours: 42.0
review: If you like strategy this is the best one there is plus this is for a badge and I need others to play with on this game.
game-hours: 654.4
review: IN BOSSS GAME
game-hours: 125.8
review: Excellent game but only for those that don't mind to wait. The recent expansions build upon the greatness of the game making it even greater!
game-hours: 25.8
review: The infamous mastermind behind the phrase "just one more turn" 10/10
game-hours: 464.4
review: Honestly the Greatest Steam Game ive played to date. i HIGHLY RECOMMEND. 10/10
game-hours: 53.8
review: A solid 4X game that's best played with friends.
game-hours: 235.9
review: Why wouldn't you.
game-hours: 433.6
review: ADDICTING....NO UPLAY....PLAYS GREAT AND SMOOTH...ILL BE HERE SOME TIME
game-hours: 12.1
review: Love the turn based strat of old with the new style of CIv V. All I have to say is "just one more turn"
game-hours: 686.4
review: I love this game. It keeps you thinking at the right difficulty settings, and there is always a chance of failure. If you know how to react to certain events you can almost always make them work in your favor. Just don't let the enemy get too far ahead.
game-hours: 253.0
review: Made friendship with the some other civilization, 10 turns later, they declared war. Great real life simulator. Would recommend!
game-hours: 202.2
review: One of the best stratergy games I've played.
game-hours: 129.5
review: Best Civ yet. Great People, religions, and new wonders are great added features over previous version. I also love the tactical component created by non-stacking units - archers/etc. and catapults/etc. have value now.
game-hours: 270.3
review: I consider this game the de-facto empire builder, I'm sure a lot of people will agree. My only complaint is to really enjoy the game, you should have its two expansions, Gods and Kings and Brave New World. This two expansions add concepts to the game that it was lacking. The Base game is still very good in it's own right. The other DLC aren't really important, they add more civs, map scripts and sceneros. Any one who want to get in to strategy games, i can highly suggest this one, and people who play them a lot, I can also suggest it. Once you get used to the easy to use UI, it's as it sounds, easy to use.
game-hours: 266.7
review: I recommend.
game-hours: 148.0
review: Let me put it this way I played for 15 hours STRAIGHT 10/10
game-hours: 203.3
review: Need to pass a large amount of time as fast as possible while being mildly entertained? This is the game for that.
game-hours: 40.5
review: I really loved this game. It had all the features i was looking for in a great game. the trades and borders are all a great touch, however, i do think you should add taxes
game-hours: 24.7
review: 'Murica declares war and attacks one of my cities. I build a giant army. 'Murica gives all their resources and gold to me and asks for peace.
game-hours: 197.3
review: 10/10 would be betrayed by Ghandi again.
game-hours: 6.9
review: Freakin' amazing. Enough said.
game-hours: 1182.5
review: I guess i dont DISLIKE it.....
game-hours: 74.6
review: this game is amazing loved it!
game-hours: 131.0
review: The next jerk who spreads their religion to my country gets nuked.
game-hours: 58.6
review: Fun game to play if you're looking for an extended stay at your computer. Better with friends, but okay if you go at it alone.
game-hours: 1218.8
review: I have played every single Civilization title from the very begining. Always when then new one came out, I transitioned and could not go back to playing the previous version again after making the switch. It took a little longer to switch from Civ IV to Civ V. In fact, there was even a brief period of time in which I did switch back to Civ IV before eventually and inevitably making the switch to V. There are some things I simply love about Civ V. The embarkation of units instead of the cumbersome and otherwise useless transports. The expansions really helped Civ V become a better game. Vanilla Civ V seemed so incomplete. I like how affordable it is to upgrade units, goodbye large oboslete armies of Civ IV. The Navy of Civ V much better. The aircraft of Civ V can actually destroy units! I like the Social policies and the relgions developed in the expansions are nice. The things I miss from previous Civ's are as follows. The stat log. I used to like to go into Civ IV's stat log after a war to see just how many longbowmen I had to fight through to earn that victory. How many caravels my privateers destroyed on the high seas and since I play a lot of multiplayer with a friend we could always compare stats. Civ V does not track it's statistics and it's end game graph and replay map are inferior, these are simple staples of the franchise that you would thing would be easy to fix. The multiplayer AI Civ's also do not act the same as single player. They NEVER initiate treaties trades or even give a welcome hello. All contact must be initiated by the player and there is no graphic of the leader. the multiplayer AI leaders are faceless entities that will not approach you for any reason, not even a desperate plea for peace during a war or a threatening message when building too close to their boarders. In multiplayer the AI leaders are under developed. There is also only one leader per Civ in Civ V as opposed to the different leaders available to some Civ's in Civ IV. Through Steam Civ V has the neat achievement feature, but if you play multiplayer as I often do, forget it. You will not receive credit for your achievments playing multiplayer. Despite it's shortcomings it does have many redeeming factors since the release of the expansions and I have fully transitioned and do not see myself ever going back to playing Civ IV even though during it's run of game play I feel that as a complete game of it's time, Civ IV was superior. I look forward to Civ VI with the hopes that they can take what they've learned from Civ V and make an even better game. The Civilization franchise is my favorite and I have high expectations.
game-hours: 1316.8
review: great game the dlc adds so much more and can play a thousand times
game-hours: 183.0
review: I enjoy getting revenge on Gandhi after he nukes my cities
game-hours: 262.2
review: very gud
game-hours: 75.2
review: A welcome addition to the Civ family. Has some definite imporvements from four, including a new hex grid system. Downgrades include the loss of troop stacking.
game-hours: 107.4
review: The best time sink ever.
game-hours: 268.0
review: If you ever played RoN you will definitely love this game, some features does not work as good as, but it's still an awesome game in the overall panorama, very relaxing to play.
game-hours: 36.3
review: oh god gandhi's gonna nuke me
game-hours: 1393.7
review: Mother of all strategy games and its still the best on he market. Sid did it again !
game-hours: 162.9
review: Toute Suite ! 5/5
game-hours: 361.8
review: Truely the epitome of addiction. If you have a lot of time to kill, or any time at all, play this game. Not recommended to be played before you have to go to school, work, etc. though, because the 'one more turn' philosophy is all too real, and soon turns into the four hours later philosophy.
game-hours: 290.8
review: Make a few friends Start a multiplayer game Become the ultimate swivel chair general Win the game Lose your friends Great fun
game-hours: 79.8
review: good game yay
game-hours: 74.5
review: Fame, Glory, Riches, and World Domination. What else could you ask for in a game?
game-hours: 29.8
review: Boom
game-hours: 19.6
review: When I first began playing this game it felt as though the learning curve was huge! I definetly had fun playing it, but I had matches that lasted for hours and then I would lose without knowing why I lost. It's worth picking up again, I would say, to learn how to play it better, but it's definetly a time consuming game. I was never really familiar with the Civilization games to begin with, so I'm sure that didn't help with the learning curve.
game-hours: 621.5
review: This game is truly addicting, with many features and long term startegical thinking. It is my favorite in the series so far, due to the 6 sided grid system and the 1 unit per tile. This also has a LOT better graphics than the other games you played, you think EUIV is detailed? Well then you haven't seen civ5. This game is really good if you like building and improving, but it also packs other stuff like diplomacy and high startegy combat with units all over the place. The expansions add many new civs and other features, making the gameplay ever so challenging. The only downside of the game is that multiplayer is impossible without a group of friends, since the game can take very long. IT IS ADDICTIVE so watch out. The graphics are both the pro and the con, you probably won't be able to fully enjoy it on a laptop 10/10
game-hours: 678.2
review: Get this game so i can  the soul out of your nose
game-hours: 57.3
review: THis game has been awesome i playd 20 hours in a row you can win diplomatic war and much more ways !
game-hours: 350.9
review: An absolutely wonderful game that swallows up all your time without your noticing. I am in love with this game and series
game-hours: 10.7
review: Best strategy game I've played so far,,,
game-hours: 65.0
review: Play Gandhi and rule over the world with nukes / play against Gandhi and get rekt. 10/10
game-hours: 253.0
review: Some things are better with MODS! You spend time and I spend money. Great buy!
game-hours: 128.7
review: good game
game-hours: 205.6
review: I really like the game, but I couldnt find the stupid cake.
game-hours: 38.5
review: One of the best strategy games ever. Though the AI is sometimes stupid.
game-hours: 687.5
review: I love civ 5, I play it often and it has so much re-playability and I think it's just an all round outstanding game.
game-hours: 120.8
review: An absolutely amazing game that is fun to play with friends and by yourself. I have spent an entire day playing this game because it is so good. Also the ability to upgrade to the gold version is extremly nice and afordable.
game-hours: 236.8
review: Yeah great game
game-hours: 115.7
review: Good game.
game-hours: 243.7
review: We all know that feeling when another civ put a city in your spot and you nuke all the citys in the game 2000 years later
game-hours: 102.5
review: best conquering game ever
game-hours: 818.7
review: Great game with a great mod community
game-hours: 200.9
review: very good game! great fun with friends.
game-hours: 183.4
review: Very fun game. Many different playstyles to choose from, and a lot of civilizations to chose, and rule with. Also great mods out there.
game-hours: 325.4
review: well they done alot to the game sense my last review, but mtuiplayer is still broken as crape, AI dipolamcy in mutipalyer is completly broken they will not contact human players and that breacks 50% of the dipomaticl stuff - also computer players are setup to be mostly combat orintated in singleplayer AI u can do trades and stuff and work wiht the global world congress thing in mutiplayer pretty much AI is just programed to  the player over - they dont even care if there own AI is wining they will go after u more so then each other. sense DIpo is so broken that breacks world congress becuase there is no aiblity to setup relationships with the mmtuiplayer AI so they will never work with u and will always vote aginst what u vote for period. also lack of game options no ability to use mods in mutiplayer games which blows assholl sense only way to really enjoy civ5 game is to mod it up to be more like civ4.. single player exprince is good but mtuplayer exprince is total . it also lags from almost constant loading screens.
game-hours: 46.8
review: Hands down the best strategy dame to date, especially when you have both expansion packs. Brave New World adds mind boggling diplomacy and trade features that make this game top notch.
game-hours: 191.3
review: Honestly this game is just awesome. Buy it and waste your life away on it. There are like a million different ways to play and customize the game. Tons of mods. You'll have fun. Buy it.
game-hours: 307.1
review: With the Gods and Kings Expansion this game will have a long lifetime. Very addictive.
game-hours: 138.7
review: The best turn-based strategy game I've played. Deep, and every DLC pack adds enough to make it feel like a new game. Well worth the price, especially when on sale!
game-hours: 78.4
review: 8.7/10 I'm civ fan since civ 4. Civilization V has a huge potential and it's easy to get addicted to "one more turn". In this game is always something to do, but play at big map after 100 turns can make gameplay slow :( ... so play in bigger maps req more fast CPU and better graphic card. Civilization V is the revolution? Rather not, but it's one of best games of last years.
game-hours: 45.1
review: BUY IT, its worth every cent, you will have endless hours of fun trying to conquer the world and being the best civilization ! :)
game-hours: 246.8
review: fdegf reedf
game-hours: 1098.1
review: lovely timesink , molotovs to the people
game-hours: 32.4
review: Civ 5 has surpassed the other versions of Civ by a mile!
game-hours: 11.1
review: Super fun strategy game. Ive played a lot of strategy games trying to find one that satisfies and I keep coming back to this one. The only DLC that I purchased was the Brave New World and it has pretty much everything I needed.
game-hours: 1.3
review: Easy like sunday morning.
game-hours: 220.4
review: Great game continually expanded with new packs that genuinely enhance or change the game play!
game-hours: 112.3
review: Those Pikemen are there to trade. I swear.
game-hours: 357.1
review: playing as korea... get nuked by fupping ghandi this game is kind of stupid. it is a great 4x game.... it has nothing on civ 4
game-hours: 264.5
review: A must have for every fan of the series. Especially with G&K and BNW expansions. Shines in multiplayer as well (though it's lacks stability a bit and has a few other bugs).
game-hours: 106.2
review: With intriguing, self-presented stories and endless possibilities in an infinite number of worlds, Civilization V is quite simply one of the most fun, interesting and addictive games I have ever played.
game-hours: 594.9
review: Bought this game three weeks ago and I already have 100 hours into it. Amazing game.
game-hours: 180.9
review: Was neighbours with Gandhi -- didn't get nuked! 10/10
game-hours: 171.5
review: So much fun!
game-hours: 37.4
review: A classic revamped well, My last play of this game was Civ2, so im jumping to this, no longer need to have roads everywhere, a more intuitive system, you can play many different ways with many different advantages. Still this feels quite military based, almost forced, A great new and polished version of a classic. the simple view is a perfect idea for lower end computers too! speeds up gameplay alot. The addition of marathon mode is quite highly recommend to try, it really feels like you grow with your empire, then play a standard game and you can see how much you learn playing a very long game. I would recommend this for beginner to advanced players, it can suite the toughest, and the newest to gaming.
game-hours: 286.6
review: this game is one of if not the best Strategy games out there. The Civ games have always been fun to play. the only thing you should do is GIVE THIS GAME ALL THE MONEY.
game-hours: 108.8
review: ...
game-hours: 416.3
review: I can spend hours on this game, why? well its not just about winning battles to win but also about economics and developing your Country with new developments you can do it.
game-hours: 280.5
review: Just check my status on this game.. Sunk hours and hours. Nothing else to add.
game-hours: 13.2
review: fun fun fun
game-hours: 187.6
review: I like the smell of an enemy empire in ruins at 4 am.
game-hours: 77.6
review: This game is a ultimate strategi based game with a lot of great DLC and extras. If you are willing to but time in it you will have a great time building up your empire.
game-hours: 381.2
review: A kind of game where you play it for 2 weeks straight, then dont play it again for a month or so.......... Then play it agian for a month, never gets old....Great game and cant wait for beyond earth to come out.
game-hours: 45.4
review: this games brilliant
game-hours: 475.1
review: Civ V was the very first game i ever bought on steam. Best game of all time.
game-hours: 4.9
review: Best strategy game :)
game-hours: 320.7
review: First off, This game is amazing. You can sink so much time into this and just want to keep going for hours more. I would suggest getting the DLC as it expands on the game wonderfully. But my base review is that this game is definitely a buy.
game-hours: 103.0
review: Easily one of the best multiplayer games ive ever played. Single Player not rly my thing cuz it gets boring fast but the multiplay with friends is just pure awesomeness would recommend any time 10/10
game-hours: 395.5
review: Amazing game. Especially with the expansions, It makes the game very deep and entertaining. But also, if you don't want a long game, you can select a time mode which allows a snappy but still entertaining game. As many other reviews say, don't play this game when you have only a short, or limited amount of time, because that next turn button is literally a magnet to your cursor.
game-hours: 76.2
review: Great game if you like strategies. (Turned Based) it focuses on choises that you make to help you (Trade with this guy, Attack this guy etc) 1 problem is that its not very fast paced... G2g faest.
game-hours: 247.9
review: Best civilization so far!
game-hours: 101.9
review: pretty cool.
game-hours: 2.5
review: This is a very intesting game to learn more about the worlds history its self and create communitys and trade and even battle! I would totally recomend to buy this awesome game!
game-hours: 530.6
review: If you want a time based, historical, and fun game, Civ 5 is the game. With Civilizations that have and atemped to stand the test of time, you can rewrite history and bring a new era of destruction and peace. Play as many Civs such as Incas in Gods in king and many more in BNW. I advice you to buy this with hopes you can enjoy it. I love it and i hope you all do to
game-hours: 363.0
review: Awesome! Just awesome. Happily fell into hours long sessions plotting and planning.
game-hours: 17.3
review: Wonderful. I was wanting to play Risk, but its so outdated. My friend told be about Civ, and hot damn if he wasnt right. Everything i was needing to scratch and more. 10/10
game-hours: 109.3
review: Plays really well on the mac worth getting.
game-hours: 275.7
review: Literally the best strategy game i've ever played THE BEST.
game-hours: 143.9
review: much awesome so amazing such strategy very fun lots game wow
game-hours: 262.5
review: I cannot recommend this game enough.If you're into strategy games this is a must by, and it's easy for beginners to get into.
game-hours: 667.8
review: Awsome
game-hours: 121.7
review: Very good game. It is fun to play for hours, though it seems much simpler than previous versions. So it can quickly turn repetitive. The cure for that I have found to be spending few hours playing Civ 4 or Civ 3.
game-hours: 864.2
review: purty damn good
game-hours: 433.8
review: This game is so good, there should be an Civ Anonymous group
game-hours: 96.9
review: make your own country!!
game-hours: 194.0
review: This game is one of those gems you can go back to after years of not playing and ask yourself...why did I ever stop?? Must buy.
game-hours: 174.2
review: Great game. I like it better than IV.
game-hours: 106.0
review: This is an amazing game. Ruling the world couldn't be more fun. Has the option to play a more casual quick game, or a more hardcore long game (Can take days to finish). Great game. Hours and hours of possible gameplay, and there are almost always good deals on it. Buy it!!
game-hours: 151.7
review: The best of the series! Really an amazing game and worthy of "just one moreturn!"
game-hours: 157.3
review: Pretty good.
game-hours: 298.4
review: You might check the time and wonder if the last 12 hours of your life was worth it, It was! Civ V is an amazing Turn Based Strategy game that will entertain you for hours. Try not to be too competitive when playing with friends though, it can get ugly!
game-hours: 232.1
review: the fact that i only found the civ franchise when brave new world came out and im already looking forward too what's next is a sighn of how good this game is awsome game
game-hours: 146.3
review: Greater accessibility and refined combat mechanics vastly improve Civilization, at little cost to the depth and complexity that has come to be expected. 9.6/10
game-hours: 158.5
review: I love this game. I have put way too much time into it, and will doubtlessly put many more hours into this great video game. Civilization V is a turn based strategy game where you lead a civilization from chucking rocks at each other into the space age, waging wars, crafting arts, and engaing in diplomacy with other civs. This game is not as complex as other grand strategy games such as Hearts of Iron, but this sacriffice in complex strategy pays off in an easy to understand system that is simple and accessable, but still quite deep and rewarding. This game is pretty open with playstyles and how you can win the game, and the sheer amount of content in this game is staggering. The expansions for this game are a must, adding tons of civs, religons, espionage, trade routes, new units and techs, and fixing/revamping alot of game mechanics that were not that great when the game first came out. This game is ridicoulously replayable, with tons of random maps that are unique each game, tons of premade maps available online, and a decent amount of campaign scenarios to play out. Multiplayer is also fun with friends. I recommend this game, and strongly advise getting it with the expansions.
game-hours: 309.8
review: is rly good game
game-hours: 161.1
review: "one more turn" You will never sleep again. This game is incredibly fun, but very addicting. Watch our for Ghandi, he's a backstabber.
game-hours: 83.6
review: YOUR PEOPLE GET EXTREMELY PISSED IF YOU BUILD 2 CITIES, Otherwise great game
game-hours: 133.5
review: I cannot tell you how easy it is to get sucked into this game. Look at the clock and realize you've been playing for hours on a single match. Civ has always been the definition of turn based strategy games, and Civ 5 holds true to that statement/ Simply marvelous.
game-hours: 148.5
review: Get it
game-hours: 86.0
review: PLAY THIS GAME!
game-hours: 74.0
review: Love this game.
game-hours: 543.4
review: One of the best turn base strategy games ever created. If you're into stategy games than this is a must!
game-hours: 48.0
review: This game kicks major butt. I play it for hours and get lost in its amazingness. Be any civilization from a wide array of choices and seize control of the world by whatever means you choose. It's definitely a play the way you want game. I can't wait to get ahold of the DLC for this game.
game-hours: 1098.1
review: Great Game
game-hours: 197.4
review: one of the best games i ever played o.O extremely addictive and hard which makes it a must-play!
game-hours: 123.0
review: I used to do drugs but now I do Civ V.
game-hours: 670.5
review: I play this game a little bit. Highly recommended.
game-hours: 39.1
review: Coming from Civ 3 this was a big jump but I can say that this has become one of my favorite games.
game-hours: 390.2
review: At a foundational level, its very familiar. You begin with a single settler in 4000 BC, and over the next 6,050 years you lead your fledgling nation turn-by-turn as you found a city, research technologies, raise an army, build historys greatest man-made wonders, expand to a sprawling empire and finally make your play for world domination  all in competition with other nations. Graphics may be superficial in a game like this, but it has to be said that Civ V is indisputably the best looking turn-based strategy game ever made. The painterly art style of the randomly-generated virgin landscape you see when starting a new game feels like Monet meets Google Maps, with bright colors and stunning attention to detail. Zooming in on a tile with a fur resource shows a pair of foxes frolicking together. Cattle, sheep, horses and elephants graze their respective tiles indicating sources of food, mounts and ivory. Its the most beautiful, lively virtual game board youve ever seen.
game-hours: 130.4
review: love the game only upset is its unstable multiplayer.
game-hours: 267.6
review: Just one more turn, don't worry, then I'll write this review
game-hours: 141.5
review: Good game, Steep learning curve but addictive when you get into it
game-hours: 88.4
review: SWAG even better with friends
game-hours: 194.0
review: This game provides many styles of play that is possible to make it more engaging and replayable. Online (especially with friends) is one of the best times you will ever have. Each game can take hours to finish and is a great way to pass long periods of time or multiple short periods. I definitly reccomend this game because of it varity and replay ability.
game-hours: 152.0
review: never gets old
game-hours: 80.6
review: NUKES NUKES NUKES
game-hours: 197.5
review: Addictive and fun. It's turn based, which allows for multitasking while playing, unless you want to immerse yourself. Definitely buy the bigger DLC's as well if you're into strategy games, the smaller DLC packs don't do much.
game-hours: 326.1
review: drink wine
game-hours: 51.1
review: Something something good potato
game-hours: 442.3
review: BEST GAME EVER..................if youve got all day with nothing to do... :p
game-hours: 87.5
review: Amazing! Bark! Bark!
game-hours: 105.4
review: I remember being captivated by Civ1 back in high school while at a friend's house. When Civ2 was released, it dropped my college GPA possibly a whole point - it was that good. Civ5 has taken the franchise to new heights. Most of the annoyances are gone and there are many new facets of gameplay to explore like the faith system. I'm a little late to this game - it's been out for a while but I really regret not purchasing this game earlier.
game-hours: 1554.0
review: Love the amount of replayability of this game.
game-hours: 652.0
review: Yes... Oh yeeesss...
game-hours: 1770.4
review: Simply a 'must-have'.
game-hours: 291.7
review: Absolutely everything you want it to be. The biggest change from previous Civ games is to the actual placement of troops on the field -- units can no longer stack. The non-stacking may sound like a nerf, but it adds a new level of strategy to the game where you could previously just throw a huge stack of units at the enemy. The math-hammer is gone, and the game now plays more like chess. It's a very simple improvement, but it really makes the game.
game-hours: 58.0
review: It really eats up your time, but in a good way.
game-hours: 39.8
review: I love this game,so many ways to win and lose,get nuked by the ing astecs this is a great game...
game-hours: 145.2
review: DONT TRUST GANDHI!! WHATEVER YOU DO DONT TRUST GANDHI.
game-hours: 12.8
review: There is nothing to say but OMG this game is amazing, I love it!
game-hours: 83.1
review: Really sweet game. Tons of mods in the workshop and very smooth gameplay.
game-hours: 747.5
review: The best strategy game I have ever played 11out of 10
game-hours: 450.4
review: 380 houres logged, enough said ;)
game-hours: 58.0
review: an exellent game, one of the best that I have ever played. now stop reading this and buy it!!!
game-hours: 125.2
review: Love this game, but Brave New World dlc is needed.
game-hours: 536.1
review: Much loved =)
game-hours: 11.6
review: One of the best strategy games i have played in a long time i would get it if you are a big fan of strategy 9/10
game-hours: 204.2
review: Quite enjoyable if you like turn-based strategic gameplay
game-hours: 1517.1
review: Great game for strategy lovers with an in-depth system covering diplomacy, trade, science, social policy, traditional warfare, culture, religion and even espionage. With mods it becomes even better with more in-depth diplomacy, larger technology trees and expanded social policies. Cons: Large maps and long games result in a large drop in gameplay response and speed even on newer systems. A few glitches with the new trade system and mod interface. 7/10
game-hours: 322.3
review: Great game must buy if you like strategy games.
game-hours: 360.2
review: This Game is the pinnacle of strategy, just the feel alone of controlling an entire empire rises above all else. I must say some areas of the game could be improved like the ai but if you get bored of many subjects in the game there is always mods to think about. DLC is also something to think about, even though its the price of the game i feel that it adds many more hours to the game and is worth the money. I've been playing this since it came out and im still enjoying it, with many civilisations and playstyles to choose from Sid Meiers Civilisation 5 is the complete turn based strategy game. 9/10
game-hours: 188.1
review: One a scale of 1-10 I'd give it a 9; It is a great game overall, but it doesn't account for the little things that make history dynamic, such as internal revolutions creating brand new nations, and it could use a bit more in the diplomacy, no removal, just addition.
game-hours: 78.4
review: Very well made game. Still the best of its kind after several years and is a fun new experience every time you play. Good game at improving your micromanaging skills as well as macro.
game-hours: 168.9
review: WHAT YEAR IS IT!? I've been stuck in Civanji for years!
game-hours: 30.5
review: Nice game, very addicting.
game-hours: 59.6
review: I like to think all of the AI are controlled by Dracula because there is no way they could be this bloodthirsty otherwise dontletghandihavenukes/10
game-hours: 26.8
review: I get to play as the Roman empire and go to war with 3 different Germanies at once. 10/10
game-hours: 210.5
review: Hours on hours of fun
game-hours: 32.1
review: It's fun and addictive like drugs
game-hours: 616.6
review: One... More... Turn... OH , GANDHI NUKED ME! One... More... Turn...
game-hours: 49.1
review: If you like crack, this is the game for you! Often times I would find myself thinking "man, I wish I had some crack." But just after one day of playing this game I realized, I don't need crack! I only need this game! So for all you hardcore fans of addicting things, you haven't not lived until you've played this game! 10/10 can't stop playing
game-hours: 48.9
review: higly detailed this game is missing lots of stuff i recommend dlc it will get thumbs down alone but with all major dlcs it will get thumbs up cause it makes it a better game.
game-hours: 125.6
review: Diplomacy is utter horse . other than that I love this game.
game-hours: 284.8
review: Best game ever.
game-hours: 220.2
review: International terrorist !
game-hours: 895.1
review: This is, just like everyone says, a time-devourer. While the vanilla game was good, the two expansion packs (G&K and BNW) is probably the reason I'm still playing it. Well, that and the mods. Playing new maps everytime, coupled with a sandbox/free-for-all, makes this one of my favourite games (though Civ IV had better music). There is just something unique with the artwork, intriguing quotes and of course that awesome feeling you get when you finally show Gandhi who's boss (don't underestimate that sneak).
game-hours: 775.7
review: I Love this game with everything that can happen in it. There are unlimited possibilities to what your civilization can turn into. As you can see with my hour record that I am an enthusiast of Civilization V. Tip for people with slow computeres: Use a mod called Quick turns, it allows you to play in 3D mode rather than strategic game board mode because it speeds up all the processes. And with the hundreds of games I've played with it, I have come across no problems.
game-hours: 19.0
review: It is a fun game. I think it is a strategic way to advance a culture and dominate the world. I reccommend it to strategy game lovers.
game-hours: 22.9
review: This is the best strategy game I have ever played. 10/10
game-hours: 145.7
review: This game will make you have sleepless nights, 10/10 would buy again (Y)
game-hours: 168.1
review: do not...i repeat...DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!! IT WILL SUCK THE LIFE OUT OF U!! IT SO  IMMERSIVE ULL STUCK TO PLAYING IT FOR HOURS!! n it is so addictive, it will melts ur social life. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!!
game-hours: 635.0
review: coooollll
game-hours: 189.0
review: Great turn-based strategy with elements coming from the most important pieces of history, this game shows the ways civilizations interact in many ways. Be an expanding colonial state, a traditional isolationist, a religious nation devoted to the spread of the faith, or many things both different and in-between. Replay important wars of history making your own decisions, or blaze your own trail from the dawn of civilization to the modern era.
game-hours: 89.1
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V is a fanominal game, so long as you own the Gold Edition with Brave New World. As you play through the stock Civ, you'll notice holes that are left making the previous game more desireable. The extras add so much that it is a shame that it wasn't the full game to start. Overall it is great with the DLC.
game-hours: 250.2
review: I've spent so much time on this game....
game-hours: 170.4
review: never tried offline multiplayer is bugged for alot of people they officially only support 8 players but you can play up to 16 players? start multiplayer +4 players: forget it If you are lucky you can play a game where noone disconnects and you can play it to the end and thats the only time it is fun. if you are like everyone else, someone disconnects or crashes : game is lost, continue with bots but game cant handle someone joining and makes everyone lag/disconnect/rage If you could i would ask my money back but I can only say: dont buy this unfinished game here is my playing experience: 2 finished games, 10 unfinished because of crashes, disconnects, leaves, never tried multiplayer because lan is this bad.
game-hours: 131.7
review: Fantastic game, loads of fun but even better with a couple of friends and all the dlcs.
game-hours: 82.2
review: Greatgame fun gameplay games last long (ive been playing one for a month and nowhere close to finished) many options so its a very custimized game 10/10
game-hours: 306.9
review: great stratagey game and highly addictive
game-hours: 1315.6
review: Rule the world!
game-hours: 301.6
review: I have found this game very enjoyable and just as good as previous civilization versions
game-hours: 61.6
review: its awesome!
game-hours: 767.9
review: Gandhi, get nukes.
game-hours: 228.3
review: "Just one more turn" I said 30 turns ago.
game-hours: 237.2
review: .   .
game-hours: 147.6
review: Human race jerks simulator
game-hours: 144.8
review: It's time I told the world of your sins.
game-hours: 83.8
review: Just one more turn.... *72 hours later* 10/10 easily the best turn-based strategy game on steam.
game-hours: 269.8
review: It's a  game. For patient people only, very long games, like, minimum of 6 hours. 2 seaters can kill a small child.
game-hours: 356.9
review: Civ might be a little slow, but that is why you save the game. This game is really great if you have patience. If you don't then well get some because you are missing out.
game-hours: 80.2
review: !
game-hours: 2.7
review: WOW! Even though it may say I have never played this game... I have... I play offline This game is A-Quality and should not be over looked, I have played countless hours and highly enjoy it. If you are looking for a fun, expand-and-conquer like game. Then this is for you. It is very intimate and I enjoy playing it greatly.
game-hours: 260.7
review: Just one more turn... Is all you going to say after you found out that you've played a map for all the night.
game-hours: 41.0
review: Probably the best game I have ever played. Thousands of ways to conquer the world with thousands of different countries. This game gives you a real feel to world domination and really allows you to spectate and watch your foes wither. It's an absolute must buy. 10/10.
game-hours: 224.4
review: All time.
game-hours: 133.7
review: You may think you can stop whenever you want.... But you can't... 10/10 would gladly hit Next Turn again
game-hours: 48.7
review: Just one more round.....
game-hours: 262.6
review: Lovely game, beautiful graphics, easy concept, all it needs is a few more empires, a few extra bonuses for each emipre. I love the game, such a great game! I recommend this game to whoever wants to have the best time ever in a strategy game. ***** (Five stars!)
game-hours: 27.5
review: ARMIES and building and killing and farming and its a great way to kill time
game-hours: 82.6
review: Great stragedy game. It's going to take you a day or so to complete one country.
game-hours: 194.4
review: Definetly one of my favourite games. I recommend it to everyone! 10/10
game-hours: 133.1
review: Become an economic powerhouse/10
game-hours: 105.5
review: good game hard at first but goood
game-hours: 129.7
review: Ghandi nuked America. 10/10
game-hours: 161.6
review: This game has all that you could want without feeling pretencious. Get it.
game-hours: 1513.1
review: Because nothing says 'Historically Accurate' like Norweigan Ski Infantry fighting Hunnic musketmen deep within the jungles of South America!
game-hours: 33.5
review: its good but you will end up playing it for like 15 hours straight
game-hours: 517.2
review: I have spent the most hours on this game. A game that I  for. It is so lovely when you nuke the enemys capital, and when you go on super easy so you just dominate just for the hell of it. If you dont like this game, you havent played it or given it a real try.
game-hours: 72.3
review: This Game is one of my all-time favorites.
game-hours: 269.6
review: This game is simply a must have for all people who have steam.
game-hours: 73.1
review: Amazing strat game!
game-hours: 20.5
review: I'll be going to bed soon honey! Just one more turn!
game-hours: 55.2
review: It's the epitome of patrician
game-hours: 285.7
review: One of the best Civilization Game so far!!
game-hours: 115.6
review: Ahhh... Civ 5. Sid Meier never seems to disapoint me. In this latest installment of the Civ. Series there is so much more than the past games. Non stackable military units makes combat and warfare much more interesting. Both DLCs are great too. The graphics are great and the AI is always willing to tear you a new one in anyway possible. If you are looking for a Great in-depth RTS, chess on roids then look no further.
game-hours: 822.2
review: I endorse this item and/or product
game-hours: 57.6
review: Best strategy game ever BUY IT NOW OR DIE OF BEING BORED!
game-hours: 441.3
review: Nothing beats being George Washington in 1200 BC, allied with Augustus Ceasar, establishing Washington in present day Nigeria and Philadelphia in present day Sydney, not to mention the fact the Hagia Sofia is in New York. Any RTS or turn based players should pick this up.
game-hours: 6.1
review: This is one of the best game's I've ever played. I enjoy the travel through history and the advancements, the different ways to gain victory. Sid Meier really outdid themselves on this one.:)
game-hours: 1107.8
review: Way too adictive, 210hours since release.
game-hours: 5.5
review: Shut up and take my money
game-hours: 170.8
review: Best turn based strategy game there ever was.
game-hours: 289.5
review: Without a doubt one of the classiest games ever made, Sid Meier's Civilization V is an epic experience through the ages of Man; it has kept me returning and returning, always longing for more in a way that its predecessor did not. If you don't own this game, then buy it. If you do own this game, then send me an invite and lets conquer the world.
game-hours: 150.4
review: A fun, deep and complex strategy game, Civilization V is definately a Gem worth picking up.
game-hours: 277.8
review: A streamlined Civ4 minus the stack of doom. Civ5 is the best of the old with the new. 10/10 especially if you have all of the DLC and expansions which balance the game mechanics.
game-hours: 242.6
review: It's not a game. It's a time capsule.
game-hours: 112.3
review: Civ 5 is an amazing game, once you start a game you will want to finish. I started as Britain and over a few thousand years I had managed to be hated by the whole world, This is when I decided to strike. I started with India demolishing there country and army with my huge force of advanced soldiers, war in Civ is quite tactical and requires planning; I started by surrounding the border with my army and naval force and then when my army is together I launch the attack and overwhelm the opponents army. I conquer India and proceed onto more countries. I managed to destroy every country in the world except America and Ethiopia when I decided I had spent way too long on the game! :D 9.5/10
game-hours: 389.4
review: This game is a Must have... It. Is. Amazing.
game-hours: 138.2
review: A fun, strategic game with simple to set up multiplayer and so many different ways a game could go, from peacefull days to nuclear apocalypse, its one of the greatest games to play!
game-hours: 440.2
review: It's ok
game-hours: 70.6
review: The best series of all time as always in good shape. It's my favorite and the worst game ever... why ? Because I'v lost so much time playing this game ^_^
game-hours: 2110.4
review: Best game ever. This game is the reason my children barely have a father.
game-hours: 249.9
review: This game is great for people that love strategy!
game-hours: 47.9
review: Really fun, and interesting game.
game-hours: 224.9
review: I was dropping nukes on the Spanish while they were attcking me with Pikeman. 10/10
game-hours: 124.2
review: I once spent a month on a single game. Was it worth it? To see Ghandi's face after hitting the pain in the **** with my entire arsenal of nukes, yes it definitely was.
game-hours: 27.7
review: Good Game, When you learn it.
game-hours: 142.6
review: Pros - Feels like a full game without the DLC's - LINUX SUPPORT! - Offers hours upon hours of fun - High replayability due to the many different ways to win, and the different paths to accomplish thos victory conditions - Good community involvement, workshop offers many cool mods to keep the game interesting for a long time Overall I highly recommend this game
game-hours: 109.4
review: Civilization is doomed... Civ V for Linux? I will not be sleeping tonight.
game-hours: 228.2
review: Lordaniele commends it!
game-hours: 224.9
review: Napoleon has 15 units in his army Bismark has 100 units Napoleon declares war on Bismark Napoleon somehow wins the war and captures Berlin 10/10 Would play again
game-hours: 147.9
review: Amazing game
game-hours: 1176.3
review: Buy it. Is good.
game-hours: 44.8
review: Fantastic.
game-hours: 168.0
review: Hundreds of hours of fun. One of my all time favorite games. Good control of your civilization, and great game mechanics makes creates a strong replayabilty value. The music creates a good atmosphere and the fact that it is turn based allows you to play the game at your own pace and start and stop at any time. I can not recall the amount of times I have woken up early in the morning, brewed a pot of coffee, casually start a marathon game, and end up looking at a clock only to fine that it is eight at night. tl;dr: Absolutely phenominal game, amd the sale that is currently going on is way too good to pass up.
game-hours: 216.1
review: 900
game-hours: 341.1
review: Awesome game. Latest expansion makes it a bit too easy I feel though against computers.
game-hours: 75.2
review: Great game, but seems like Firaxis won't make a Linux client, forcing Linux users to use Wine/variations or buy Windows. I can't recommend this! It's against my ideal UPDATED: They really do a Civ V Linux Client! Finally I will play seriously CivV like I played CivIV and CivIII on past! :)
game-hours: 140.9
review: great game , can be a quite hard at times but overall very fun
game-hours: 47.3
review: Next turn.
game-hours: 88.0
review: The most popular 4X game in the world has finally come to Linux.
game-hours: 147.9
review: This game is fun to play with friends! But while its on sale! (made on 6/10/2014)
game-hours: 33.6
review: Awesome game! Realy fun good multiplayer.
game-hours: 36.1
review: Great Game!!! running well on linux mint 17 on Intel HD 4400 (1080p low-medium settings) Thanks :-)
game-hours: 356.2
review: game sucks
game-hours: 108.6
review: AMAZING. JUST. AMAZING.
game-hours: 263.9
review: This is not a game for everyone, it's not fast paced at all and it can take some time to learn. But if you can enjoy a slow paced strategy game then this is the game for you, there is a lot too it and if you and a group of friends decide to sit down and play this for a day then you will probably have a pretty good time. I'd rate this a acquired taste out of 10, it's not for everyone but if you can enjoy it then you will really enjoy it.
game-hours: 86.9
review: Nice game. I am waiting for Beyond Earth.
game-hours: 94.9
review: This is way better than Civ IV! The hexagonal tiles and no unit stacking make this game the best Civilization yet! However, it does take a while to load on my computer. I also like the giant death robot as a futeristic unit and that units embark without needing to build transport boats. I rate this game a 9/10!
game-hours: 192.6
review: This game is so good, that the fact that you are spending time reading reviews and not buying the game is a shame and a waste of good play time. Once you accuire the game you will understand what it means to press next turn just one more time, until you realize it is 6am.
game-hours: 388.4
review: gut
game-hours: 125.2
review: Only play if you intend to not do anything else for the next day or two. It's addicting.
game-hours: 465.1
review: It's good.
game-hours: 46.8
review: Great game
game-hours: 138.5
review: There are War Elephants 10/10
game-hours: 85.1
review: yeah buddy
game-hours: 306.5
review: I have played this game for so long, but yet it does not get boring. You can keep on starting new games and it will always be different. With so many civilizations to play, it is almost impossible to get sick of this game. I highly recommend it.
game-hours: 112.1
review: Stupid ottomans took over my main capital and forced all my archers into forceful labor were they were slaughtered and put in piles. I can still smell the burning of the bodies from my other city on turn 60. They are moving their units to me burning everyone in the way alive inside wooden barns. The screams can be heard for multiple tiles away. "Great game 10/ottoman" -Cameorn
game-hours: 7.9
review: YES
game-hours: 440.5
review: Only worth buying if you can get the entire thing + all dlcs massively discounted. It's good fun don't get me wrong, but they've basically made a decent game, then broken it into parts to milk all the money they can from the franchise. Civ5 base + G&K + BNW = A decent game and worth buying in a bundle at 11.
game-hours: 32.8
review: Works just awesome on linux. Great port! About the game itself, it is simply a great turn based game, if not the best in the category!
game-hours: 90.3
review: Sid Meier has created a time machine. Make entire days disappear with only a few more clicks with this game today.
game-hours: 65.5
review: Definantly one of the best strategy games out there, if your not a fan of long games that require a bit of strategy and thinking, you might want to stay away, but this is a fantastic game, that, if you read in the games archives it has actual facts instilled, but other than that its not a history lesson for the most part, and the civs you can play as are pretty balanced as far as everything else goes.
game-hours: 45.3
review: ruined my life 10/10
game-hours: 42.0
review: Bought the Civ 5 Brave new world expanison a day before it went on sale for 7 dollars. FML 10/10
game-hours: 227.1
review: Yes this game is very awesome don't ask questions just buy with all expansions. Ive only been disappointed with the fact theres no germ warfare or chemical warfare. Heres tip for you guys though don't trust the Siam or the Aztecs.
game-hours: 70.8
review: Spent 13 hours playing a game. Got Atomic Death Robots. Was repeatedly nuked by the peaceful Mahatma Gandhi, then beaten in the race to Alpha Centauri by Genghis Khan. 12/10 for realism+general awesomeness
game-hours: 7.8
review: mongols all day
game-hours: 398.6
review: MOOOOOOOMM!!! WAN MOAR TUHRN!@!!!!!
game-hours: 74.3
review: One of the greatest RTS/turn-base games I have every played. Simple and easy to pick up, it is great for if you are new to this genre. On par with the Total war games (although it is hard to compair as they are very different) it is good for anyone who enjoys this styoe of game.
game-hours: 457.5
review: If you're a history lover you will enjoy this game. Incredibly indepth and can be as challenging or as difficult as you want to make it. Tons of DLC and tons of mindless marathon fun (seriously you can lose yourself in this game for a whole day). Highly recommend.
game-hours: 39.4
review: JAM ALERT, THIS IS MY JAMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM
game-hours: 90.6
review: dis is a good game i like dis game it is a good one ye
game-hours: 55.7
review: This game is way too addicting. Love it. Pretty historically accurate too. Right down to Rome rolling right over their neighbors the Aztecs. It's the little details that count. 10/10 would recommend.
game-hours: 97.7
review: This game pretty much takes your spare time and turns it into concerns for a nation on a screen that you control, the thing about this nation is that it's sole goal is to become the best nation in the world. Pretty much the world longest cold war... 10/10 if you want to make your friends hate you buy right now
game-hours: 352.6
review: Well, Ghandi nuked 3 of my cities in one turn. He is a believer in peace, just through mutually assured destruction. 11/10
game-hours: 22.0
review: yes
game-hours: 57.3
review: Awesome game, very deep and satisfying! It was worth every penny! Very fun to play with friends and alone, but kinda lacks the giant freaking HUGE maps that the previous games had, in my opinion. But that might just be my brain playing tricks on my! Anyway, totally worth it! Buy it!!
game-hours: 2.1
review: It's really strange that this game and Civ IV are such different titles. The fundamentals are all there, but it'll be a bit of a learning process comming to Civ V over from Civ IV. It's still just as addicted as IV, but the aforementioned is something to keep in mind.
game-hours: 220.8
review: A good game alone, even better with a few friends. Only wish we could have mods in the multiplayer.
game-hours: 32.5
review: A great strategy game. It's different enough from Age of Empires to make it a unique and refreshing take on this style of game. You'll wonder where the hours went after playing a session of this. There are multiple ways to win and hundreds of moves to be made. If you fire up a game today, don't expect to get anything else done until tomorrow.
game-hours: 72.0
review: Quite frankly, few attributes of games ellicit such anger and discontent as those found rampantly within the broken and consistently inconsistent formula that constitutes this game, Civilization V. Other games offer more refined methods, with more visually and mechanically sophisticated gameplay options than can ever be conceived of within this joke of a strategy game.
game-hours: 180.4
review: OMG. This game is consuming my life. Awesome fun.
game-hours: 42.5
review: it is good game
game-hours: 32.4
review: yusssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
game-hours: 183.7
review: Great game! So fun being able to win without firing a single shot but also to have the option to nuke cities if I want :)
game-hours: 110.0
review: Great game I had a lot of fun playing it.
game-hours: 21.8
review: I used to have cancer, and playing this game literally cured my cancer.
game-hours: 372.5
review: really awesome
game-hours: 475.0
review: Europa universalis for children
game-hours: 102.0
review: This game is so much fun, and can consume so much of your time. I hear alot of things from people who have played the series saying that it's not as good as IV, but having never played the series, it was amazing. Pick up this game NOW.
game-hours: 364.7
review: Once you install civ 5, you uninstall your social life.
game-hours: 185.4
review: I honestly prefer Civ IV's movement grid and that I don't need to keep one melee unit in my millions of archers who seemingly cannot take a town, not to mention the modern infantry being out-ranged by bows and arrows. Still, the religion/city state/ideology concepts are enough to keep me playing for just one more turn
game-hours: 1652.5
review: Great strategy game. It allows you to take one of several cultures from primitive times (where your people only have basic knowledge and clubs for weapons) all the way to the future age (where you get a mechanized army complete with a "Giant Death Robot"). You also have to develop bustlings cities, a solid economy, transportation, etc. etc. A good game could take you a few days (which I like). Definitely a keeper.
game-hours: 334.4
review: If you go to college and you want to play this, you might as well quit college.
game-hours: 86.3
review: It is the beginning of your end.
game-hours: 16.1
review: Unreal game with endless mods to make it that much better! Now to rule the lands
game-hours: 63.4
review: This game is AWESOME, I highly recomend getting it.
game-hours: 145.9
review: This one time barbarians took my settler the very first round so i lost instantly........it's very fun.
game-hours: 127.2
review: A great way to kick back, relax, and have lots of random discussions with your friends.
game-hours: 435.8
review: FUN
game-hours: 595.6
review: nice game
game-hours: 191.7
review: lol
game-hours: 76.8
review: Great strategy game that lets you sit back and think about the moves. Very in-depth with lots of intricate processes such as faith, happiness and food. There is a wide variety of ways to "win" for each save game, withn random maps that will provide a collection of resources that will help you on the way. Although every civ (ie. English) have different advantages and a couple of unique units, it isn't impossible to stray off their advantage on lower difficulties. This allows you to really explore and get a handle on any win type using any civ.
game-hours: 19.4
review: This game game is the virtual military version of monopoly it consumes lives and time and WILL destroy freindship, still a great game though.
game-hours: 33.9
review: Very addicting, fun, makes you think, worth every penny.
game-hours: 184.7
review: R.I.P life
game-hours: 330.8
review: YEA THIS GAME IS THE BEST
game-hours: 337.3
review: The best strategy game I have played in my life. It puts its predecesor games to shame as well as making the game as close to reality as possible. Adding many exciting aspects that I am sure all respectable gamers can enjoy.
game-hours: 373.4
review: Do have friends? Then the best use for them would be to play this game with them. The graphics are amazing, the gameplay is engrossing, and the concept holds it own. You really should pick it up and become a master of Civilization!
game-hours: 30.6
review: Civilization 5 is one of my favorite games! Not only is it extremely interesting what will happen the next turn, but it even keeps you wondering the next day! It is very addicting, has many nations to choose from, and has a very uplifting soundtrack. However, the price is a bit high, and I suggest you wait until a sale for the game comes out (for example, $7.49 instead of $29.99). Overall, you should definitely purchase this game.
game-hours: 427.5
review: Amazing game that will definitely make the hours fly by.
game-hours: 54.8
review: This game is probably the best strategy game I have ever played. It's extremely fun with friends, and it's not too difficult to understand while still being somewhat complex. I think it deserves its metascore rating of 90. However, it crashes on me frequently. So frequently that I may have to reload 20-30 times in order to play a single game. After researching this problem, it's apparently common in the Steam version.
game-hours: 6.3
review: this game is pretty rad, but only comparable to civ4BTS with all the expansions. best wait for a sale on the whole package beore picking up, kek
game-hours: 78.5
review: Holy ing  this is one of the best ing games I've ever played in my entire ing life.
game-hours: 91.5
review: History, a. Learn you some past and get to beat some historical . Also,  Gandhi that a attacked me unprovoked.
game-hours: 220.2
review: Truly astounding, wroth the money.
game-hours: 239.6
review: Absolutely amazing, especially with all of the DLC. Perfect for those with a political mind, or a personality that longs for power.
game-hours: 464.8
review: With almost 300 hours logged and gifting copies to most of my friends, I can justly say my opion is very high of this game. Its beyond addictive and so entertaining. You truly get lost in this game and the hours seem to disapear. So beware.
game-hours: 625.5
review: Very addictive turn based strat game. Love it!
game-hours: 45.0
review: Fantastic game. Offers hours of game play and makes time fly by.
game-hours: 232.3
review: Ridiculously good
game-hours: 89.5
review: Nuking my best friends when they are 3 ages below me its a feeling like your a god.
game-hours: 34.5
review: What can I say... It's Civ - of course it's good! Initially though I did find it a little more frustrating than Civ IV in that EVERY SINGLE AI opponent wants to go to war with you - even Ghandi!, but they can be relatively easily kept at bay on all but the highest difficulty levels if you are leading the tech race and have a full kitty (and if you don't have either of those - you're not doing it right ;P). Overall, an interesting and fairly replayable addition to an already great series.
game-hours: 953.5
review: This is a great game, 'nuff said. There are hours of fun awaiting you if you pick this up. Not for the faint of heart.
game-hours: 125.7
review: BARDZO DOBRA GRA O RUSHOWANIU KONNICY, JEDYN WAD JEST TO, E ZA DOSTP DO CYWILIZACJI POLSKIEJ(POLSKA) TRZEBA ZAPACI PRAWDZIWE PIENIDZE.
game-hours: 78.9
review: I'm probably going to have to uninstall this game. I've NEVER been a strategy game player. But Civ 5....I can't get off it. The game is GREAT. With so much to do and so many ways to win, I can't imagine getting bored with this anytime soon.
game-hours: 124.9
review: Possibly the best entry in this genre defining franchise. I would absolutely love to see Alpha Centauri delivered using this engine.
game-hours: 129.9
review: This is a good game
game-hours: 164.3
review: Civ V is the Turn-Based Strategy game for the ages. Soon after playing for the first time, you'll be glued to this game for hours upon hours, and you'll love it. Great for anyone who loves them a good strategy game, or for anyone with a passing interest in them. The astounding variety in civilizations and game possibilities, as well as multiplayer make this game worth every penny and gold piece. HEX GRID MASTER RACE.
game-hours: 166.1
review: lot of fun to play with friends!
game-hours: 26.5
review: We are Anonymous. Civ V is a great game. If you have not played any Civ game, you have not yet lived.
game-hours: 80.8
review: The best if its genre by a mile and a half. Highly recommended if you like your strategy games with a friendly learning curve, but still with that intricacy that can take a long time to master. (Has an in built user friendly modding system in the main menu)
game-hours: 161.2
review: Just amazing, turn based, think ahead strategy game. When on sale, it's really worth your money.
game-hours: 203.5
review: It's alright
game-hours: 146.0
review: Great strategy game albeit time consuming
game-hours: 490.0
review: hours of non stop gameplay
game-hours: 234.2
review: Civilised
game-hours: 7.6
review: Very good game, great multiplayer, Thought it would be boring, boy was I wrong, great change of pace with no hiccups,
game-hours: 135.0
review: AWESOME!
game-hours: 39.7
review: My god is this game a beauty. I honestly have no explanation for how good it is other than Nukes. Exploration. Conquest. 10/10
game-hours: 206.4
review: Such an addicting game. I honestly lose track of time when I play Civ and I end up playing for hours. Such an in depth and immersive world there really aren't words to describe it. STRONGLY recommend to anyone who plays RTS games. One quick hint though . . . Never trust France. Ever.
game-hours: 563.2
review: Great game with a lot of content and diverse strategies. Great for playing with friends. It is very time consuming.
game-hours: 419.7
review: This is one of the greatest games for PC. I highly recomend it, however Civ 5 and the Brave New World (BNW) DLC are even better.
game-hours: 9.5
review: The best of the best.
game-hours: 72.7
review: I have already put way too much time into this
game-hours: 189.2
review: Amazingly detailed and superbly balanced RTS game that sees you take one of the many historic civilizations of the worlds history to full dominence of the whole world, through all past present and future time periods.
game-hours: 21.4
review: What can I say, it is Civilization one of its kind, legendary since 1991. I am really glad it has finally got linux support. It needs the latest video drivers, but you should update them regulary anyway.
game-hours: 22.3
review: SO MUCH FUN
game-hours: 28.0
review: some weird and confusing
game-hours: 5.9
review: Super Mecha Death Ghandi
game-hours: 12.4
review: An Absoloutly amazing game the only annoying thing is that a few days after i bought it steam had a 75% off sale which is frustrating but i cant do anything about it. I highly recommened this game 10/10
game-hours: 63.6
review: Probably the best strategy game out there..very complicated yet great fun!
game-hours: 50.6
review: hot
game-hours: 73.5
review: Great game to play with friends. Couldn't ask for a smarter time wasting game.
game-hours: 123.4
review: If you love strategy games, you wil love this game!
game-hours: 121.5
review: I've enjoyed Civilization V since the original release. It did feel a bit lacking late game and resulted in a lot of tedious simple battles. There's room for improvement, the AI is still kind of dumb and you do end up in some tedious spots, but with the two expansions I think this is the best of the main Civilization series now. The Linux port is excellent too! The only thing lacking is some of the graphics options available in the Windows version, but it's a small difference and the game runs very well.
game-hours: 617.1
review: If you don't like civ i dont like you
game-hours: 19.8
review: Drake
game-hours: 129.3
review: This game is beautiful. Does it really need another recomendation? Im sure youve heard of it or seen gameplay. One of hte absolute best Turn-based Stratgey game. P.S. if you get the Gods and Kings expansion, be prepared to look at an ugly pubic haired Jesus wanna-be staring off into the sunset wandering where his life went wrong every time you start the game up... Freaking hated seeing his face.
game-hours: 41.8
review: What a great game so far... I haven't really played it Multi yet, but Single, online or off, is fun! I recommend this game to all my friends!
game-hours: 52.1
review: It good
game-hours: 421.7
review: Great game to play alone or with friends, but be warned games can take forever to complete
game-hours: 136.8
review: fun game... but warning it eats up time by the day!
game-hours: 37.2
review: This recommendation comes from a fairly casual Civ 5 player. Civ 5 is the latest in a long running series of a turn-based strategy game. Your goal: Strive to make the best civilization there is, through your desired ways. The game features randomly generated maps and random events so it's never the same thing each time you play. There are multiple victory conditions - Will you attempt world domination through military might? Culturally dazzle everyone? Be the first to research a way to colonize away from Earth? How about diplomatically winning over everyone? At first, the game can be really intense - you need to manage a lot of things. To grow your civilization, you need to decide what to research, what to build (buildings or units), and where to go. However, it is turn based so you have all the time in the world to learn and ponder. Turn based also makes it more convenient for people with time constraints. So you can rewrite history how you want it, and read up the Civilopedia, which is a cool in-game encyclopedia that pretty much covers everything the game features, including history lessons if you so desire. As mentioned, the strategy and unpredictability (random maps and events) make things fresh every time. Also the music is incredible, as it always has been in Civ games. I like it a lot better than Civ 4, although biased because I am a casual player of this. There are no more 'stacks of doom' and other weird things I disliked. The game is fun for those who like long term satisfaction, rather than moment-to-moment adrenaline bursts. I highly recommend playing Civ 5 with the Brave New World expansion, which basically has everything Gods and Kings has, but more (excluding the civs in the first expansion).
game-hours: 83.8
review: get it nao
game-hours: 7.6
review: A game where ghandi will nuke all your cities 10/10
game-hours: 345.4
review: This version of Civilization is pale in comparison to it's predecessor when it comes to depth an complexity, and I dislike it for that fact. However Civilization 5 is one of my most played games. Civ 5 is part of the new "accessible" breed of sequels, designed to bring a known franchise down to the knuckle-dragging level of complexity so XBOX kids and fratboys don't feel like total dip when trying to master the intricacies of the lowest difficulty. It is simple, it is fun, you really only need to know one or two tricks to win on any map at any difficulty, and then that's it, you get to master Civ 5 and brag to all your friends about it. It's fun, simple, different, and more akin to a board game than previous Civ iterations.
game-hours: 171.9
review: Da Timesink of the Century
game-hours: 16.5
review: This game can drag you out for hours and make you say "Hey, just one more turn then I'll get off". But nope, that nation just provoked you and now you're going to kick their . This game is a classic and is truly fun. Don't underestimate it.
game-hours: 150.3
review: must have
game-hours: 53.2
review: Another civilization game and another stroke of genius. This game allowed for a personal approach to civilization development based on my own preference rather than providing a single formula for success. This is a great turn-based game and I strongly reccoment it.
game-hours: 248.5
review: Greatest Civ building franchise ever made period.
game-hours: 46.8
review: Very good rts but the matches could take a day no lie.
game-hours: 44.4
review: :D
game-hours: 351.9
review: Best Game Ever but I think more civilizations are needed
game-hours: 2236.8
review: Be sure to put aside hours (or days). You won't know where the time has gone.
game-hours: 1380.6
review: captivating to the point i cant seem to put it down
game-hours: 64.6
review: This game is simply awesome, whole game is just one big high quality strategy fun fest.
game-hours: 122.0
review: great game to play with friends, I suggest if your gonna get this game's dlcs, they bring alot to the table 10/10
game-hours: 65.0
review: BEST, GAME, EVER!
game-hours: 63.5
review: Want a nice casual game to play? Well then buy another game. Civ5 is an addicting game to where it has you saying "Just one more turn" and boom 20 turns later you have conquered a nation, built numerous armies, and researched new tech. Get this game if you love strategy and you want to waste your life away playing this for days. #onemoreturn
game-hours: 16.0
review: Very good game but it takes your whole day for one game towards modern era... 9/10 is my rating
game-hours: 49.5
review: +++ for linux port. Great game for great OS - nice combo!
game-hours: 91.9
review: death
game-hours: 267.7
review: an easy game thats easy to sink your teeth into not a game for casual gammers.
game-hours: 209.5
review: Why are you reading the reviews and not already downloading the game!?
game-hours: 55.4
review: awesome game. i especially like max out player's and city states on the earth map.
game-hours: 43.2
review: Amazing game. Will keep you playing for hours and hours.
game-hours: 716.8
review: It's fun.
game-hours: 209.0
review: Just one more turn ...
game-hours: 8.0
review: One.....more....turn. Incredibly addictive, can't stop playing it.
game-hours: 1198.5
review: played over 1000 hrs on this game nuff said
game-hours: 275.1
review: The best game I ever played.
game-hours: 213.7
review: Awesome game, worth every penny & more.
game-hours: 44.2
review: Awesome game, pretty addictive.
game-hours: 243.2
review: good game to waste lots of time
game-hours: 152.3
review: I own almost every civ game. I not recomend this enough. I love this game to death.
game-hours: 149.5
review: THere is a bit of a learning curve but once you figure out the game you will find your selfspending more time playing this game than expected and the dlc makes the game that much better 9/10
game-hours: 121.4
review: It's pretty good
game-hours: 94.8
review: Civ 5 is like playing an epic game of chess, with more than 2 players, dozens more pieces and nukes. Add a side of diplomacy and espionage, to top it off with some awesome strategy sauce.
game-hours: 129.1
review: is good game
game-hours: 802.2
review: You will not be disapointed. I'd have a better GPA if it wasn't for this game. Would do it all over again. 10/10
game-hours: 47.9
review: The best turn-based strategy game of all time. Period.
game-hours: 395.9
review: Great Game, can't stop playing. 10/10!
game-hours: 95.7
review: Love this game, could waste my life playing it.
game-hours: 7.1
review: Awsome strategy game, for all Sid Meyers fans: This is one to pick up. Bought at STEAM sale, well worth every cent.
game-hours: 15.0
review: Calling this game good would be a bit of a stretch. It has some nice new inovations likw the hex tiles........oh thats it. I personaly feel this game is in every single way inferior to Civ 4 and the way that the modding has been almost imposible is shocking. The mod comunity for every previous version of the game added to the flavour. Sid seems to have decided that they should be  blocked like they did with XCOM which was another shocker.
game-hours: 174.2
review: What has not already been said about this game? Nothing, You should buy it. That is all.
game-hours: 214.7
review: Great game
game-hours: 348.4
review: 10 hours at a stretch / 10 would stay up late again
game-hours: 266.4
review: You know what? If you're bored and want to hold your  and balls for a while as you just click around and take over cities? Then this is the game for you. I value the game at 19.99$
game-hours: 128.0
review: I have played other games in the Civilization franchise and have found this installment to be just as enjoyable as the previous ventures. I often find myself saying "one more turn" but I am just unable to quit the game. It's strangely addictive. Great game
game-hours: 67.2
review: Sid Meier's Timesink V - Warning: Don't buy if you enjoy your free time. 10/10.
game-hours: 28.7
review: i guess i bot this game didnt no tried to buy again so good game gg
game-hours: 458.4
review: :)
game-hours: 494.3
review: Nothing sucks time like civ V
game-hours: 119.9
review: great game! involves alot of thinking, but it was worth the price, and also, get the complete pack cuz it saves money because of all the DLCs in this game
game-hours: 259.6
review: o/
game-hours: 154.8
review: crushed old bony under the might of the royal navy, god save the queen 10/10
game-hours: 127.7
review: Played lots of hours, very entertaining.
game-hours: 7.1
review: Really awesome game reccomend it just could not stop playing it
game-hours: 128.1
review: Gandhi can be violent. 10/10.
game-hours: 260.1
review: Takes time to learn.. but it is worth it!! 10/10
game-hours: 2904.0
review: Love this game for who could not love ruling the world.
game-hours: 582.0
review: This is one of those games that has a pratically unlimited amount of replay value. With the amount of different civilizations you can choose to play as and their unique abilities and units, it all really depends on you choose to play. Are you going to take over the world with the might of your armies? Are you going to influence all to wear your blue jeans and listen to your pop music through the awesome power of your culture? Will you conquer the mysteries of nature and achieve victory through scientific mastery? Will you triumph over your foes in the art of diplomacy? .... Or will scumbag Gandhi beat you to it? All jokes aside, this game is definitely worth getting, even if you aren't a huge~ turn-based strategy player, because you can still taste victory without being a mastermind of strategy. Heck, I'm not a big strategy-based player myself, but it still probably has improved my ability to strategize. The DLC, Gods and Kings & Brave New World, also add huge game mechanics that vastly improve the original game, but it's still fun with or without DLC. I would still recommend getting DLC if possible though. I will warn you that when you play with friends, it's hard to trust them... even the strongest of friendships have fallen. You can't trust anyone... or at least, not fully. 10/10 Would let my friends use me as a crutch again.
game-hours: 301.7
review: Damn good game very well done for multiplayer fun, though it does take a darn long time. Worth a buy for sure.
game-hours: 315.6
review: Absolutely perfect soundtrack, plenty of variety in your choice of strategy, a selection of leaders and civilizations that means every game can be completely different make this the perfect addition to the Library of any fan of strategy or history
game-hours: 149.6
review: This game is amazing well worth the money and it has endless replayability.
game-hours: 41.9
review: Never trust dat skinny
game-hours: 1081.5
review: Such a great game! Make sure you have a very powerful processor, or turn-times near the end of the game can take a very long time. Really though, if you're into strategy games, this is the best one out.
game-hours: 468.8
review: My favorite game. I highly recommend.
game-hours: 331.3
review: great game
game-hours: 292.3
review: You know when you go to a party and there's that one really good pie that you're just waiting to have and when it finally opens every runs for it and you fight your way through just to have one slice and you finally get to it and the biggest, best piece is left? Yeah this game is that pie...its awesome
game-hours: 360.9
review: Get drunk and invande small European countries because they won't give you a few gold.
game-hours: 130.4
review: Great tactical play, but can be a real time sink.
game-hours: 126.5
review: Time Sink: The Game Holy , it's 4AM. No like seriously, I'm writing this at 4AM. You'd think I'm up this late because I was playing this game, but you'd be wrong. I'm too lazy to go to bed. But still, this game is amazing. 4.75/5
game-hours: 4.4
review: I'm Queen Elizabeth II and I can't invade Malaysia, oh wow... Anyway, good game, even though I'm not a fan of this type of game...
game-hours: 61.5
review: Addictive as ever...enter at your own risk.
game-hours: 23.8
review: Great addition to the CIV franchise. Brilliant strategy based game. :)
game-hours: 305.4
review: This is one immersive turn-based strategy game that's sure to suck a scary portion of your life away... :D
game-hours: 89.5
review: I started playing Civization when the O.G (Civ 1) came with a giant manual you had to keep around if you wanted to play the game. The game would tell you to look up a page in the manual, and then ask you for the 7th word on the 6th line, and make you type it in to continue the game. EARLY DAYS OF PIRATING. Used to play it on a Macintosh (yes children, it used to be macintosh) Quadra 605. That baby was a beast! What do you know about 4mb RAM? 100mb hard drives? Anyways... I digress.... Civ 5 is an amazing game. Generic "did this, must buy" 11/10 comment.
game-hours: 20.8
review: i like buses
game-hours: 375.0
review: Civilization V is one of the most addicting strategic simulation games you'll find. You start building your simple empire, and soon will feel the pull of power just begging you to take over the world. Friends become foes, their resources become yours, and nothing can stop you. 10/10 would recommend.
game-hours: 735.8
review: The most compelling game I have ever played.
game-hours: 72.6
review: I think it's ok
game-hours: 55.9
review: This is a turn-based game which you probably already know.It doesn't have the smartest AI.But it has a ton of replay value.Tons of fun.If you do buy this game buy the complete edition.I've had the burden to buy most of the content that didn't come with the game.
game-hours: 40.2
review: This game is an absolutely blast! Requires some patience though because games tend to last a while. Luckily, there is a save feature. You could be playing the same game for weeks!
game-hours: 1463.9
review: This is probably one of my favourite games even amongst the rest of the Civ series. I wasn't too keen on it to start, what with all of the changes, but once I got the expansions -- particularly Gods and Kings -- I found the addition of religions made up for the loss of corporations from Civ IV.
game-hours: 12.6
review: best strategy game ever
game-hours: 1157.4
review: Great game. Only suggestion would be to buy the explansions right away, as they add alot that feels lacking from the vanilla game for anyone who has played the series before.
game-hours: 24.1
review: I am a bit older and played Civ 1,2, and 3. I had to buy this on the summer sale. It started off a bit hard for me as it has changed a lot. But I am already hooked again. Cant reco enough.
game-hours: 218.6
review: Very indepth and challenging lots of fun, a good way to pass the time.
game-hours: 328.1
review: Civilization is just one of those games where you waste your intire life.If you ever wanna pass the time you should play it!It is a strategy game where you choose a civilization and try to beat the game via Science,domination,culture,diplomatic or time (no-one likes time cause its cheap) victory.Enough talk if you wanna learn the game,play the game!!!
game-hours: 46.4
review: It takes 10 hours minimum to play one game.
game-hours: 335.8
review: you Ghandi and your nukes
game-hours: 30.4
review: The king mac daddy of world builder games.
game-hours: 985.6
review: Can't talk; playing Civ
game-hours: 222.5
review: Highly recommended. It will take over your life, eventually you'll escape, then a year later it'll take over your life again.
game-hours: 18.3
review: Awesome game. One of the best strategy turn-based I've ever played
game-hours: 41.5
review: A great strategy game! Can be manipulated anyway you want really. Control every detail or allow computer to auto-assign certain units with tasks. Has a wide range of difficulty settings. My favorite is to just setup a random game and play through as much time as I can. My only complaint is it ends way too soon. A great game you will want to play over and over!
game-hours: 227.0
review: On a scale from 0 to 10. Gandhi is 255 points of nuclear rage. 10/10 Would play this more than once.
game-hours: 312.5
review: Judaism foundation in Istanbul? Chingis-Khan has nuclear bomb and treating Caesar with it? Why not, it is Civilization.
game-hours: 143.7
review: Great game for the strategist who needs more time. I've always played RTS games like Age of Empires and sucked but Civ V is different because you have time to make your moves. There are multiple ways to enjoy the game and I found myself pleasantly surprised more than once.
game-hours: 238.0
review: If you like building a empire from the ground up this is definetly a game to check out. Its got everything from diplomatically resolving all war in the world to bombing everyone but yourself into the stone age.
game-hours: 58.5
review: ADDICTING
game-hours: 599.4
review: Life ruiner, 11/10 Off to finish "1 more turn"
game-hours: 1134.4
review: Best land-based 4x game I've played.
game-hours: 457.7
review: Addicting game, much fun. Good if you like turn-based strategy. Good time-sink. Don't start before exams...
game-hours: 78.1
review: The gist of it is, if you've liked Civ3 or are new to Civ you'll definitely enjoy Civ 5. It's well worth your money and is probably one of the most enjoyable strategy titles from 2010. If you're a big Civ4 fan (I wasn't really) then you might find a few things not great. There's been a few changes around but in general it is a fun and addictive game to play and I can recommend it completely.
game-hours: 104.2
review: Buy is plz i luv you
game-hours: 113.2
review: Its absolutley amazin EH!
game-hours: 12.3
review: Very fun game that lags in the later turns. Easy to put 50+ hours in though.
game-hours: 119.6
review: Great game! As a matter of fact I consider the early game the weakest link in the game while the rest is pretty well-done and well-polished, considering that they released two DCLs for the game to make it far superior than the original version. Keep up the good work! P.s. if you want to purchase this game, do include atleast the Brave New World DCL, otherwise you might be in for a shock.
game-hours: 125.7
review: my friendships has been sunken down 10/10
game-hours: 309.9
review: Fantastic game. I've sunk way to many hours into it. You'll always wanna play just one... more.. turn!
game-hours: 98.3
review: If you value your social life, don't buy this game.
game-hours: 156.5
review: Universities and colleges should offer this game as one of their curriculum to help students develop resource management, economics, strategy & many others traits that can be helpful to the students for their future!
game-hours: 75.3
review: Oh hey this game is pretty goo--- oh god what happened to all those hours?
game-hours: 727.7
review: This game ruined my life, its the only thing I ever do. I have no friends now. 10/10
game-hours: 113.0
review: Highly recommend picking this one up :D
game-hours: 208.9
review: Great fun, very addictive, make sure you have plenty of time when playing this game as you will keep telling yourself "just one more turn" which can go on for hours before you realise. Great fun on multiplayer as you attempt to out-do your friends economically or technologically or aid them against their enemies, or, even become their enemies.
game-hours: 215.8
review: sooo good
game-hours: 7.2
review: If you've ever wanted to see if Madoka could take out Ghandi and Eggman in Continental Warfare within 8 hours, this is the game for you. The game's awesome on it's own, the expansions make it better, and the mods make it more enjoyable.
game-hours: 320.4
review: Sid Meier's Civilization, might be the best game currently available on steam! The A.I is wonderful, and the Civs are great! 10/10 Highly recommend.
game-hours: 290.2
review: 10/10
game-hours: 149.0
review: Its amazing.
game-hours: 328.2
review: The best time-waster out there.
game-hours: 5.3
review: Do you wish hours moved like seconds? Hate your job, but too scared to quit? Don't worry- you'll be missing time and no-showing at your place of employment with minimal effort, thanks to Civilization V.
game-hours: 145.3
review: Don't mind losing a few friends? Play this game
game-hours: 184.5
review: Addictingly great
game-hours: 295.4
review: Highy adictive, not for people who can't stay still for awhile.
game-hours: 68.6
review: I didn't sleep last night. Worth it.
game-hours: 28.1
review: All around great game good for a wide variety of ages. Lots of promising hours of gameplay in this kingdom ruling simulation.
game-hours: 134.3
review: The most addictive turn-based strategy game ive ever played.
game-hours: 33.1
review: AWESOME! it does take quite a while to play one match unless you play aggressive.
game-hours: 444.8
review: An absolutely amazing game to play, and it's great to just get lost in for hours at a time.
game-hours: 1821.2
review: For strategy fans this is about as good as they get. Like most Civ games it did not feel completely finished until the expansions were released, but even vanilla Civ5 was great. Do yourself a favor and look into the mods as well.
game-hours: 67.9
review: Being Russia and bulding the Great Wall is fun.
game-hours: 283.1
review: This game did not start out as good as previous installations, but with the 2 major DLC and to a lesser extent the many minor DLC, this has earned the usual place as the best 4x game of this generation. I hope that the new Alpha Centari (or whatever they are calling it), will be a complete game upon release unlike this one, but as usual this is the gold standard for 4x gaming and something you definitely want to pick up especially if it happens to be on say a huge steam summer sale :)
game-hours: 777.7
review: Awesome game. Recommended to all who like turn based strategy games.
game-hours: 56.3
review: Starting playing this game at 7:00 PM yesterday. Played for what seemed like a few hours until I realized the sun was starting to come out. If you start playing, then I hope you have nothing else to do for the rest of, and the next, day. Totally worth it. 10/10
game-hours: 14.5
review: One more Turn Please............Probably the most addictive game ever....
game-hours: 51.4
review: If you're buying the standalone Civ V you'll be in for a fairly decent, if slightly reduced, Civilization experience. Get it with Brave New World though, and you'll have one of the best Civilization games to date. It may have taken some time and a couple of expansions to get there but eventually Civ V has become the game it should have been to begin with. Get it on a sale with Brave New World, and any other expansions, and you'll ahve a game that will eat hours of your life up, leave you with crpal tunnel syndrome in your mouse hand and a feeling that you should question just why you always decide to kill any enemy civs that dare open fire on you.
game-hours: 112.9
review: I was the shoshone and I wiped out america 10/10
game-hours: 48.9
review: Huh!?! it's monday already!?!
game-hours: 278.5
review: i started a new game today... well what i consider today... but to everyone else is might be like 4 days or so... i cant really tell how much time has passed.. i keep lookin at the clock and it always says 6pm.... anyway im about to nuke russia, just one more turn........ (the symbol for infinity)/10
game-hours: 161.3
review: If you want to never go to sleep on time. This is your game!
game-hours: 184.8
review: Very fun, 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 147.1
review: 10/10 would play.
game-hours: 43.8
review: Great game.
game-hours: 30.8
review: When I first bought this game I was like "Ok this is the stupidest game I've ever played." But when i figured out what i was supposed to do i slowly became more pulled in to the game. It went from trying to find some ancient ruins to trying to take over all the city states denouncing me. So far I ony have 6 hours but I assure you It will become more than that. I would defs reccomend this game.
game-hours: 31.3
review: Awesome Game. Need Brains for it :)))
game-hours: 55.6
review: PEEEEEEEEEENIIIIIIIIIIIIISSSSSSSSSS
game-hours: 891.9
review: Be ALL the leaders! Make ALL the wonders!! Win ALL the games!!! HAVE ALL THE FUN, ALL THE TIME, FOREVER!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 927.8
review: This game is magnificent. Asthetically pleasing to the eyes, easy mechanics to pick up, you can screw up a lot but it won't absolutely condemn you (unless you get Zerg Rushed XD). Very re-playable with all the different ways you can play it. Very fun strategy game, you get to pretty much re-write history and not many games do that. I highly recommend this game, I play it almost every day for hours. The first time you play it you'll be up until sunrise. No lie.
game-hours: 322.5
review: awesome
game-hours: 451.6
review: Very fun game to play. AI is incredibly stupid at certain things. Also if you get the game buy the complete edition. The game is incomplete without them.
game-hours: 23.5
review: I grew up on Civilization. This is a new twist on an old favorite.
game-hours: 222.6
review: "Just... one... more... turn...". This phrase basically defines this game. Extremelly adictive, CIV V is one of my favorites ever. Just be careful, if you start playing at 7:00 pm, next time you'll look at the clock it will be 4:00 am. True story.
game-hours: 102.2
review: The AI keeps being grumpy with me. Sure i attack them, seige their cities, spy on their capitals and kill their troops but is that really a reason for them to stop being nice, they should still happily buy my stuff...so I can build more troops to take their cities. It is for their own good. Sometimes I feel like I'm the bad guy, but that can't be the case...
game-hours: 33.0
review: ANAL
game-hours: 37.6
review: The best Civ yet.
game-hours: 9.6
review: This game is really fun to play
game-hours: 136.4
review: Finally, something to fill in for my lack of a Linux compatible city simulator game. It's not quite the same thing, but the ability to play with friends makes it fun in other ways. I hear the controls are just as non-intuitive under Windows.
game-hours: 47.5
review: Giant death robots. Fin.
game-hours: 152.6
review: The continuation of Sid Meier's renowned Turn Based Strategy Game series "Civilization" sees substantial changes from the mechanics to which veterans of the series are accustomed. these changes to the core workings of the game (especially the lack of religion and espionage) make it feel incomplete to those coming from a background of playing Civ III and IV. That being said, many of these issues are fixed with the "Gods and Kings" and "Brave New Worlds" Expansions. So whist the default game is fundamentally flawed, the "fixed" (expanded) version of the game is an awesome rendition of the series and well worth a look.
game-hours: 8.6
review: What more could you ask for? As long as you have the patience to set up your approach, plan tech accordingly and adapt your plan, you'll love this game. Absolutely fantastic.
game-hours: 8.8
review: Civilization at it's finest so far.
game-hours: 26.7
review: Very fun game. You can get caught up in it very easily. Better with friends
game-hours: 181.9
review: Graphically superior to any other turn based strategy game I know, Civ V is my favorite platform for historical inaccuracies. You may not be much for strategy games, but nuking Ghandi never gets old. I give it a 7.8/10 but with Gods and Kings i would give it a 9/10. I might also mention that the max graphics look like an oil painting...
game-hours: 27.3
review: Endless strategic fun!
game-hours: 239.3
review: hard to pull yourself away from! I like the one unit per tile rule - it adds a new layer of strategy to a game that used to be just stacks of doom (although that was fun too!)
game-hours: 172.7
review: Slick and informative UI keeps you moving along quickly* as you build your Civilization into a brand new world. Randomly generated maps and lots and lots of playable Civs keep new games interesting and keeps you coming back for more. *: even though it feels like you're progressing really fast, the games take many hours to go from ancient age to completion.
game-hours: 725.0
review: Nuke your friends while funding their enemies armies. 10/10
game-hours: 32.1
review: Loved this game! A little bit of a steep learning curve for a Civ noobie such as myself but the game teaches you well. Very deep gameplay!
game-hours: 10.0
review: I enjoy this game very much. Very fun turn based strategy game but can be drawn out at times
game-hours: 230.3
review: Must have strategy game. Time consuming but worth it.
game-hours: 50.5
review: You will lose hours of your life to Civ V, but you will love it.
game-hours: 71.2
review: Civilaztion is a game where you are pitted against other nations to see who can become the strongest, smartest, and wealthiest. Or, you can just beat the absolute crap out of the other players. I love it.
game-hours: 327.3
review: Seriously fun and addictive game. The game is never the same twice and there are so many ways to play. This game is certianly worth playing.
game-hours: 156.3
review: Best turn-based strategy game in my opinion
game-hours: 181.4
review: it is a turn based strategy game that involves giving instructions to cities, workers, and millitary units. I enjoy strategy games quite a lot, but if you don't; this might not be your cup of tea. I enjoy the music, graphics, and the hexagonal spaces, which allow for complicated troop manuevering.
game-hours: 347.3
review: Well, what can I say about this game? Hmm...I bought it, downloaded it, proceeded to play for 10 hours straight. Uh-huh, yeah. This game...this game. I didn't think I would like it, but my all my friends bought it, so I decided to. I quickly got addicted. A big factor for that was all of the FPS games I had been playing, so this was a nice change of pace. Definitely a game that is worth your money (although I got the base game and all DLCs on sale for $17.00). So yeah, um, yeah.
game-hours: 24.1
review: :L
game-hours: 198.3
review: It's like chess on steroids. If you hate Gandhi this is the game for you. 7/10
game-hours: 100.1
review: Fun, and addicting! This game will eat up hours upon hours of your life!
game-hours: 110.9
review: One of those games that you will look at the clock and realize it's 3am, and you've been playing for 7 hours straight.
game-hours: 29.2
review: Lobbied for 1 1/2 hours to crash twice. 90min/10
game-hours: 71.0
review: Civ 5 has stopped working... 10/10
game-hours: 85.7
review: Just one more turn...
game-hours: 326.8
review: Bold Leader, your people have choosen you to lead their people to greatness. To nearly complete great wonders, only to have Ramsess finish instead. To get destroyed via the military might of the Huns. To be nuked by Mohandas Gahndi. And maybe, just maybe, with a little practice, and a whole lot of luck, build a Civilization, that will stand the test of time.
game-hours: 437.8
review: This game is amazing and addictive, it really is the greatest game I've ever played. Just rememeber "Just one more turn" is never going to happen.
game-hours: 63.0
review: Sometimes I start playing for a quick game and then I realize it's december.
game-hours: 43.6
review: I played as George Washington and killed every other country as god intended.
game-hours: 483.2
review: I've been a fan of the series since Civ III. I highly recommend it for its depth and new game mechanics. While the AI can be wonky or completely insane at times, I still very much enjoy the game. The switch to the hexagon tiles instead of square makes the game feel more organic. Roads twist and turn, the borders of your country have a logical creep rather than the "fat cross" I've grown accustomed too. If you're a fan of Sid Mieier's games, I am sure you will like this. The expansions add a whole new level of gameplay. Especially the tourism and cultural portion from the "Brave New World" DLC.
game-hours: 41.8
review: Dang!!! I was about to buy it some weeks ago at the 'steam' retail price ($49.99) when it suddenly went on sale for $24.99... I thought it was a sweet deal and now I find that it is all the way down to $16.49.... I should've waited a little longer. It has me hooked up better than Civ 4... Can't wait fot Beyond earth to come out and try it. Hope you steam guys can get a grip on a downloadable demo for all us Sid Meier fans.
game-hours: 80.8
review: I love the game, but it won't play on linux for some reason. I play it on Windows. Hopefully the issues will be resolved in the near future unless it is my hardware. I have an 8800 GT card which is fairly old but it plays all the other games available on Linux.
game-hours: 957.2
review: 668 hours played.... -_-
game-hours: 19.8
review: This game is like crack. I can't get enough of it.
game-hours: 29.7
review: Great fun to learn.
game-hours: 100.7
review: Played As Alexander the Great, became good friends with Mongolia and Indonesia, Assyria think they can punk my peeps. Wiped Assyria off the map (I tried to use diplomacy, wouldn't listen), the other nations called me a warmonger and I called them . I tried to be nice, I tried to be helpful, my death march has started. Greece, Mongolia, and Indonesia will reign supreme. Civ is love, Civ is life... 20/10 (Not a typo)
game-hours: 1251.0
review: Civ V finally pulled me away from Civ III. This game is terribly addictive, and may cause problems with your marriage. If you don't believe me look at my hours played. I laugh when I hear someone say "I beat that game." Give it a chance, play at a couple different levels, and as a few different civilizations it is different every time.
game-hours: 72.7
review: if you new to pc gaming and want a good turn base game this is the one. the game will take over your life if you start playing it great game
game-hours: 78.5
review: Civ 5 is one of my favorite Strategy games to play. It can be challenging to learn but once you learn to play it'll be hard to stop. it hols a wide array of options and ways to play. With this game you'll hardly feel bored.
game-hours: 1266.9
review: Great game, after the expansions the best in the series imo
game-hours: 103.2
review: Good game
game-hours: 11.0
review: it was good
game-hours: 257.9
review: My favorite turn based game ever! I never get tired of it. Definetly worth buying and the DLC's really add to the gameplay. Two thumbs up.
game-hours: 302.9
review: 10/10 the second best substance that makes my night fly by like a blur
game-hours: 813.4
review: Great game.
game-hours: 171.2
review: This is a perfect game for you if you like strategy its full of intense wars and you can go beyond the future with technology
game-hours: 48.9
review: Possibly the best turn-based strategy games ever made.
game-hours: 78.7
review: A really educating game. Kudos for Sid Meier and his team for the ongoing consistency of quality. I would definitely recommended buying the complete collection.
game-hours: 5.6
review: Bought this in the sale as to, essentially, go back to my childhood of playing it with my uncle and dad for hours on end. Bought back all my love for the series, sat and played it for nearly 4 hours instead of going to bed (aka between 2 in the morning and 6 in the morning) Would recommend this game (any game in the series especially ToT) to anyone who's an old hand at stratergy games and even those that are interested by the genre but never played any of this kind of game before :)
game-hours: 81.9
review: Gather your friends, take a whole day and play this. It's the real test of friendship. BUY IT. 9/10
game-hours: 259.6
review: A must have for any world building psychopath or tactical mastermind. Command your civilization and rise to the top through trade, culture, religion, and warfare, using espionage and countless ways to reshape history forever!
game-hours: 247.9
review: great game
game-hours: 10.6
review: Played this game so much i forgot about my pizza and almost burned down my house. 10/10
game-hours: 755.5
review: If you like turn based, emprire building, stratigies games you will love this game!
game-hours: 38.5
review: This game is an excelent strategy game and is very enjoyable, be prepared to not do anyting that day though because the average match lasts about 7 hours.
game-hours: 12.2
review: Holy crap, better than Risk!
game-hours: 210.5
review: best game ever if your not an
game-hours: 79.6
review: Awesome game! It really sucks you in and very fun.
game-hours: 24.9
review: Alexandria should buy this
game-hours: 548.3
review: This game is the biggest time suck in history! Yes, its that good. Intelligent AI, varied play, different approaches. Just an incredibly entertaining game with massive replay value. Take a thinking approach or blow up the world. Love Love Love!
game-hours: 489.2
review: A great turn by turn strategy game like all the Civ games, however almost necessary to buy the dlc. Definitely worth the money.
game-hours: 51.0
review: Got nuked by Ghandi 10/10 would recommend.
game-hours: 91.1
review: Awesome.
game-hours: 245.7
review: great game
game-hours: 22.7
review: This game will suck many a hour away from my life
game-hours: 15.6
review: Go on. Press 'Next Turn' again. It's calling for you. I know you can't resist. Just press it.
game-hours: 165.3
review: The only game that makes Ghengis Khan friendly with other civilizations... 10/10
game-hours: 55.5
review: just.. one.. more.. turn.. please
game-hours: 182.5
review: awesome game
game-hours: 14.0
review: It's like Skyrim with civilizations
game-hours: 1901.8
review: This game is the answer to the life long question of what I would take with me to a lonely island, if I could only pick one thing, it would be Civilization, whatever the latest one may be and this one happens to be it. Expensions make this game as close to perfect as it gets.
game-hours: 126.9
review: Took over the world as Spain. If that doesn't peak your interest nothing will. 10/10
game-hours: 75.2
review: 10/10 would waste my life with.
game-hours: 129.1
review: The thing I love most about CivV is how customizeable it is. There's a wide range of game lengths, difficulty settings, map sizes, civilizations to choose from, and that's just in vanilla. There's also a strong modding community to flavor your game to taste. I would strongly recommend the complete version as the basegame gets a little meh after a while, but with Brave New World and Gods and Kings they made it a whole new game. Definitely not something you'll ever get tired of playing as switching leaders and win types will make for new challenges all the time.
game-hours: 54.5
review: Best game ive played for ages
game-hours: 134.5
review: This is the ultimate game if you're vindictive. If another civilization is giving you problems, you can defeat them and have their entire civilization - their entire way of life - wiped off the planet. If you're not into that sort of thing...it's still a fun game otherwise?
game-hours: 194.3
review: An awsome game that every strategist has to play .
game-hours: 73.7
review: great game
game-hours: 19.0
review: I first played Civilization on my ZX Spectrum in 1983. As soon as I got my first PC the first game I purchased was Civilization. I now have I now have Civilization 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5 (along with expansion packs) and Civilizatio IV: Colinization. I have enjoyed playing all versions and now Civilization V (with Gods and Kings and Brave New World)is brilliant. Now looking forward to having the newest Civilization - Beyond Space.
game-hours: 54.4
review: This game is insanely fun. Loads of strategy, many ways to win a game, multiplayer... It's a very slow paced game though, so be ready to get involved.
game-hours: 140.9
review: Its pretty good
game-hours: 352.7
review: Vury Gud.
game-hours: 103.7
review: So many ways to play, so many ways to win. The AI seems much improved in the Brave New World DLC. Stupid bug in the multiplayer when trading to watch out for.
game-hours: 73.2
review: Really good strategy game :D
game-hours: 179.1
review: Koreans aren't as advanced as they are every game as they are in real life.
game-hours: 15.5
review: I am in no way a lover of this type of stratergy game, bit I had heard good things about this so I decided to give it a try out of curiosity as it was in my fianc's shared library. I started it up only thinking I would be bored to tears within 5 minutes, but 3 hours later I was still going to make myself dinner in 'one more turn'.
game-hours: 41.8
review: This game, man. The first time I booted up Civilization V was the first time I had played a Civ game ever. It was always a game I had heard of, but never touched. This game is a microcosm of how I felt playing PC games as a youth. It's a game that challenges you not only with it's AI and conflicts but also with it's depth and breadth. There are so many rules and so much nuance in this one game that you will spend hours upon hours just learning about it. It's a strategy game where you learn as you play and I, personally, seem to learn something new every time I play it. This is a game where anything can happen, games won by violence as often as they are one by smart pacifist play. Eradicate your enemies, win them over with religion or politics, or just beat them in the space race. All these outcomes and more are possible with every match of Civ. It's a beautiful, giant board game that's just as fun to play alone as it is with friends. Bring Civ into your life today... Just be careful. It's way too easy to lose three hours in one sitting with this monstrosity.
game-hours: 438.9
review: GG!
game-hours: 173.4
review: You make History
game-hours: 92.8
review: really great and fun
game-hours: 310.4
review: This is a game that definitely has its faults. From imbalance to less than ideal set of multiplayer options it might sound overwhelming but there surely is a bright part if you spend some time with it. Production values are high.Graphic-wise the game is solid with good representation of features (aside from the sometimes laughable wonder being contructed on the sea) and info while being easy on the eyes. Together with its good music selection (although it's debatable if it's better than 4), you get a solid backbone. But, above all these is playing the multiplayer with friends in a team, coordination is important and it makes decisions tick and feel important. The expansions definitively gave this game a boost. Some issues like almost eternal city-state destruction missions and bad naval combat have been ironed out. There was more content added, including new wonders and ideologies that delivers more meaningful options to a player during the playthrough, something that is really needed to keep the game from being a next turn borefest. Yet, as with most changes there were some aditions that are of... questionable quality, more especifically the spy system which is at the same time confusing and unrewarding, as with something as espionage you have a considerable number of paths that could have been implemented, like getting to know what is being built, connections, city focus and rumors, but most of them aren't here or are incredibly simple RNG checks. Regarding multiplayer, it could be better if it had better customization on some map types like pangaea, more than 8 multiplayer slots (you can get it to work with more than 8 but the AI often gets wonky and will stop building units and such) but it's still a good experience overall.
game-hours: 172.0
review: Very doidjo
game-hours: 80.2
review: Depending on who you ask, the Civilization games are either very complicated, or babby's first turn-based strategy game. As a person in the former camp, who doesn't really play a lot of games in the genre, the in-game help and highly customizable difficulty levels do a terrific job of flattening the learning curve for newcomers.
game-hours: 127.2
review: Civilization V for me is better than any other Civilization game because: - You can no longer stack units which makes the game a lot more challenging - Every tile has a hexagon shape allowing you to move your units more unpredictably - Better graphics and sound effects - You don't need to spend long hours studying about the game. Advisors assist you a lot in the beginning and the in-game encyclopedia is very detailed The only complaint really is that it can take a little bit of time after playing the game for long hours to procees the opponent's moves in single player mode What surprises me is that people who I know that they don't like turned based games, by watching me playing this game have grown to like it and now they are playing it themselves
game-hours: 61.0
review: Really awesome game! Especially when you play it with your friends.
game-hours: 31.9
review: Best turn-based stratagy ever
game-hours: 167.5
review: .
game-hours: 53.0
review: 10/10
game-hours: 7.1
review: 5 star
game-hours: 97.2
review: Is Good!
game-hours: 57.8
review: Spent hours, DAYS ON END, trying to become the best civilization, and overthrow the evil napolean! 10/10 would overthrow napolean again!
game-hours: 49.5
review: I Love it
game-hours: 308.1
review: awesome
game-hours: 25.9
review: Hope you have a lot of time spare for this game, can take ages to complete, for some may be too complex, for others not so much, city states though, great fun, and killing filthy barbarians.
game-hours: 53.4
review: Pls play, it's the best game eva.
game-hours: 59.5
review: GREAT GAME
game-hours: 82.1
review: One of the best games ever!
game-hours: 194.4
review: If you've ever played any of previous Civilization games you'll definitely love this one. Doubtless this is a masterpiece. So i will pay attention only for major disadvantages (you may assume that everything else is just perfect (no joke)). However, there are several disadvantages (in comparison with Civ IV): 1) Game area is way to small. You won't lurk for centuries exploring brave new world and facing only wild animals and some local villages. Be ready to meet your rivals from the very first turns. 2) I wish the game was faster. You may spend a minute making a turn on late stage of game and twice as much saving (and five times as much loading). And it is so from the first turn. (Just so you know I have a modern computer with SSD and four-core processor). P.S. Oh, almost forgot. I respect the desire to make game interface simpler and not so loaded, but sometimes it can be nontrivial to find the same info you used to look at in Civ IV. Overall score 9/10. Recommended for everyone who likes strategy games.
game-hours: 143.9
review: lolaso
game-hours: 596.3
review: Best Game ever made!
game-hours: 313.1
review: Very fun to play. wasted way too many hours on it
game-hours: 144.5
review: 50 Hours into your latest save, all is going well. Only 3 leaders left Gandhi, Caesar and Washington. you draft an 'end game' plan in your mind, you will make friends with Gandhi (for obvious reasons he's chill) then procede to befriend Caesar. Then you will take out Washington because he is a  and did not accept an open border agreement 3000 years prior HE MUST PAY. 20 turns later all is going to plan, we are now on Washingtons doorstep, Gandhi and Caesar appear to love and probably fear your superpower nation. All we need to do is eliminate the pesky Americans and ith all our military now on American soil this should not take long. Then after the swift invasion of America we will make a vote for world peace at the U.N (in rome of course) with our new found Indian and Roman brethren it is a sure win! But all of a sudden the distant droning of nuclear sirens start, quickly they become louder and louder, "what is this!?" you think to yourself, a false alarm? You shrug it off maybe Caesae bombing a city state. The game pauses... Gandhi appears on the screen, with a sinister grin he shouts "WAR" in your face. Only seconds after you see a gut wrenching sight. The camera focuses on a nuclear submarine stationed just off the coast of your pride and joy, the capital of your glorious nation. You then hear a rumble, just seconds after a nuclear warhead emerges from the previously hidden submarine, you realise it is too late... you can only watch as the missle closes in. As your city goes up in a giant cloud there are short lived screams from your beloved people, then silence. Before what had just occurred had sunk in, before you could make rescue efforts to save your much loved citizens the humming of quiet engines fall upon your ears. Suddenly countless 'stealth bombers' appear seemingly out of no where, soon the sky is blackened by planes, the game falls almost silent only the whistle of falling bombs remains. You faint from the shock of what is unfolding. You awake shortly after, Gandhi is still flattening what remains of your once prosperous empire, now with 'giant death robots' making the most of his seemingly never ending turn. As Gandhi clinically and relentlessly razes what's left of your broken nation all you can do is weep, your people hacked down in their prime and your glorious nation so mighty just minutes before has just been been all but eliminated in 1 turn. Why oh why did you turn of autosave? did it really speed your game up? was it worth it? Ghandi is a complete , he acts like your friend but WILL nuke the  out of you if even the slightest oppurtunity presents itself. 10/10
game-hours: 2601.2
review: I only played a little but it was fun.
game-hours: 316.9
review: It's like crack. You keep telling yourself 'just one more turn'. but then you realize you've been sitting in your underwear for for 36 hours and you've forgotten to check on your wife who gave birth to your baby last night.
game-hours: 3979.9
review: Made me obsessed, destroyed my social life, gave me and irrational fear of Gandhi. and made me invest countless hours into destroying civilizations. 12/10 potatoes
game-hours: 126.6
review: -playing as the US -explores and finds siam -befriends siam -finds greece -greece is a  and invades -gets in a war with greece -takes 2 greek cities and returnes the rest -greece is happy -sails to new lands and finds all other nations -befirends russia and china -gets in a foolish war with siam not knowing that every nation exept china and russia is friends with siam -feels sad because everyone hates me -makes peace with siam because im feeling guilty for being a warmonger -people start being nice to me -feels happy, only germany and arabia are guarded, everyone else is friendly -china asked me to declaire war on arabia even though he has done nothing to me -I decline because Ive decided to be an example to the civilized world -china declares war on and denounces me -germany declares war on me -every nation on earth exept for russia declaires war on me -me and russia vs. the world -I have 3 nukes and no one else has any -cant make myself use them -steamroll enemy city states south of me -steamroll greece to the north -steamroll native american settlements on some islands near me -siam discovers urainum -siam is confirmed to have nuclear power plant -must stop siam from getting nukes -US gunships race to punch a hole in siams defences -all reserve units are embarked for the invasion with destroyer escorts -gunships meet uber heavy resistance -invasion due in 2 turns -russia is being cut off from US aid -sends paratroopers to break the siege of moscow -fails due to being outnumbered 20:1 -D-Day in siam -steamrolls siam until only capital left -no sign of atomic weapons -100,000 troops surrounding the capital -air raid sirens -siam nukes himself four times along with most of my troops -paras mop up and capture the capital -sad music -all other nations in shock -we mourn our fallen troops -all nations make peace in the next 4 turns -we all are sad -decides war must end for good -changes course for diplomatic victory -starts work on UN -becomes allies with 19 city states -all nations live in realitive peace -finishes UN -wins vote -wins game 10/10 no feels like this in a game before.
game-hours: 14.1
review: When Gandhi or Ethiopia comes to your doorstep with gifts of gold, dyes, and ivory, take my advice. Ready all your tanks and nukes, arm them, AND SHOOT THEM LIKE YOUR LIFE DEPENDS ON IT. They are evil, traitorous demons. NEVER TRUST THEM. However, Genghis Khan is my best friend. He came up to me and was all like, "De full do bu la chi mendo." And I said, "Okay! Let's be friends!" I can never understand that guy, but something about our relationship just works. Ghandi Hating Simulator 2014 11/10
game-hours: 51.1
review: You'll decide to play for an hour and you'll realize four days later that your wife left you, but you're so close to killing that scumbag Gandhi that it doesn't even matter. 20/10
game-hours: 152.8
review: Never. Trust. Ghandi.
game-hours: 40.9
review: Don't attempt to play this before going to bed.
game-hours: 444.1
review: Say goodbye to your life.
game-hours: 100.6
review: Aprendi mas de historia que todos mis aos de colegio.
game-hours: 176.4
review: Very hard to understand at first, but then you learn to love it 10/10
game-hours: 666.9
review: Probably one of the most fun turn based strategy games I have ever played. Great with friends! Get it now!
game-hours: 44.9
review: I started playing this game at 8am. I didn't even realize that so much time had flown by....... When i finally remembered i needed to eat, it was 1 am. THis game is awesome and addicting. GET IT NOW!!!!
game-hours: 63.0
review: mind blowing
game-hours: 24.3
review: An awesome game. Combining city buiding, growth, politics and wars. Worth the buy. A favourite for strategy type gamers.
game-hours: 201.0
review: Too addicting. Help.
game-hours: 65.4
review: Rule the world through dipolma.... wait a second. I can build nukes? Nukes. And Ghandi. And kicking the crap out of people who won't give you wine. 10/10
game-hours: 312.0
review: Great game to just relax and unwind with. If you get bored, just add mods.
game-hours: 197.7
review: The game is very addicting and with the expansion of "A Brave New World" the dimension of influence and economy add a lot to the gameplay, whereas before diplomacy was much harder. Especially, considering the erratic AIs.
game-hours: 767.4
review: Never before have I had a game that is equal in fun with it's multiplayer as it is in it's singleplayer. Weither I'm owning my friends with Babylon or crushing AI with Germany Im always having fun. Absolutly worth the price it offers for the game, plus the expansions are worth it and add so much to the game... overall one of my best steam purchases
game-hours: 22.4
review: really fun, if a bit hard to get used to, but prepare for a very, very, long game. like 3 days long....
game-hours: 65.4
review: its great. get it.
game-hours: 37.7
review: Very Engaging and fun to play i HIGHLY recommend if you like stragy games
game-hours: 375.5
review: Don't buy this game. It will absorb hours of your life without you even realizing it until it's to late. 10/10 would give up my life again.
game-hours: 3605.9
review: wonderful
game-hours: 39.5
review: I don't remember what day it is. 10/10
game-hours: 119.5
review: Almost won emperor difficulty as William through Diplomacy, Everyone waged war on me because I made friends with all of them while they were at war. Got crushed by Germany, Russia and Poland. Yes this is not a recommendation without Ghandi nuking stuff. 10/10
game-hours: 138.8
review: I read reviews about how addictive the game was, and I didnt believe it. I got on the game at 9:00 in the morning, and started expanding my civilization. A few minutes later I look at the clock and it says 11:00. So, maybe I was wrong. Maybe this is the most addicting game ever. 1/10 This will keep you busy for a long, long, time, and I recommend this to a anyone who loves strategy games. Plus it works on mac, so thats a bonus :D
game-hours: 22.2
review: Civ 4 was epic. Easily the best game in the series, a solid 9.5/10 always liked playing it. I once installed a few copies of it on my other computers so me and my friends could have a LAN party. we had so much fun that time, I even went and bought some of my neighbors a copy each so we could have a "legitimate" LAN party or even online play in civ 4 when we wanted to. Finally, after hearing some of my friends tell me how epic Civ 5 is, I had to try it. Bought the game, downloaded it, played it. It was all they had said it was! I copied the game to a flash drive and tried to load it on my other computers, AND THEN IT ALL WENT DOWN FROM THERE. Steam WAS REQUIRED TO PLAY THIS GAME... While this is NOT a bad thing, and probably even adds to the value and fun of the game, it WAS NOT what I had expected from my years playing DRM FREE civ 4. Want to resell the physical copy of the game if you get tired of playing it? Civ 4, sure can. Civ 5, hell no! While I do use steam and enjoy their services, making steam required to be able to play a game is an instant red flag for me. That being said, it is a solid 7.5/10, quite fun and I would recommend this game. HOWEVER, it would have gotten 9/10 from me if was DRM FREE!!
game-hours: 73.9
review: i like the various methods allowed for winning and diverse your strategies can be. it's not a cookie cutter turn based strategy dominating map game.
game-hours: 973.7
review: best civ game to date.
game-hours: 284.5
review: a good game (end of review)
game-hours: 814.8
review: The joy of this is in the variety, the small but important differences engendered by the various civilisations and their unique buildings and units. The game is made infinitely playable.
game-hours: 6.9
review: Nice, Civilization on Linux. It is working realy good. Tryed it on both Ubuntu 12.04 and 13.10.
game-hours: 65.8
review: Best game ever. Waiting for new releases.
game-hours: 21.2
review: Awesomo
game-hours: 21.5
review: Its really good
game-hours: 6.2
review: What is this game, and why have I suddenly lost 6 hours of my life
game-hours: 200.3
review: It is definitely one of the greatest strategy games I've ever played, I find myself always playing longer than I should, saying "Just one... more... turn."
game-hours: 144.5
review: 50 Hours into your latest save, all is going well. Only 3 leaders left Gandhi, Caesar and Washington. you draft an 'end game' plan in your mind, you will make friends with Gandhi (for obvious reasons he's chill) then procede to befriend Caesar. Then you will take out Washington because he is a  and did not accept an open border agreement 3000 years prior HE MUST PAY. 20 turns later all is going to plan, we are now on Washingtons doorstep, Gandhi and Caesar appear to love and probably fear your superpower nation. All we need to do is eliminate the pesky Americans and ith all our military now on American soil this should not take long. Then after the swift invasion of America we will make a vote for world peace at the U.N (in rome of course) with our new found Indian and Roman brethren it is a sure win! But all of a sudden the distant droning of nuclear sirens start, quickly they become louder and louder, "what is this!?" you think to yourself, a false alarm? You shrug it off maybe Caesae bombing a city state. The game pauses... Gandhi appears on the screen, with a sinister grin he shouts "WAR" in your face. Only seconds after you see a gut wrenching sight. The camera focuses on a nuclear submarine stationed just off the coast of your pride and joy, the capital of your glorious nation. You then hear a rumble, just seconds after a nuclear warhead emerges from the previously hidden submarine, you realise it is too late... you can only watch as the missle closes in. As your city goes up in a giant cloud there are short lived screams from your beloved people, then silence. Before what had just occurred had sunk in, before you could make rescue efforts to save your much loved citizens the humming of quiet engines fall upon your ears. Suddenly countless 'stealth bombers' appear seemingly out of no where, soon the sky is blackened by planes, the game falls almost silent only the whistle of falling bombs remains. You faint from the shock of what is unfolding. You awake shortly after, Gandhi is still flattening what remains of your once prosperous empire, now with 'giant death robots' making the most of his seemingly never ending turn. As Gandhi clinically and relentlessly razes what's left of your broken nation all you can do is weep, your people hacked down in their prime and your glorious nation so mighty just minutes before has just been been all but eliminated in 1 turn. Why oh why did you turn of autosave? did it really speed your game up? was it worth it? Ghandi is a complete , he acts like your friend but WILL nuke the  out of you if even the slightest oppurtunity presents itself. 10/10
game-hours: 2601.2
review: I only played a little but it was fun.
game-hours: 316.9
review: It's like crack. You keep telling yourself 'just one more turn'. but then you realize you've been sitting in your underwear for for 36 hours and you've forgotten to check on your wife who gave birth to your baby last night.
game-hours: 3979.9
review: Made me obsessed, destroyed my social life, gave me and irrational fear of Gandhi. and made me invest countless hours into destroying civilizations. 12/10 potatoes
game-hours: 126.6
review: -playing as the US -explores and finds siam -befriends siam -finds greece -greece is a  and invades -gets in a war with greece -takes 2 greek cities and returnes the rest -greece is happy -sails to new lands and finds all other nations -befirends russia and china -gets in a foolish war with siam not knowing that every nation exept china and russia is friends with siam -feels sad because everyone hates me -makes peace with siam because im feeling guilty for being a warmonger -people start being nice to me -feels happy, only germany and arabia are guarded, everyone else is friendly -china asked me to declaire war on arabia even though he has done nothing to me -I decline because Ive decided to be an example to the civilized world -china declares war on and denounces me -germany declares war on me -every nation on earth exept for russia declaires war on me -me and russia vs. the world -I have 3 nukes and no one else has any -cant make myself use them -steamroll enemy city states south of me -steamroll greece to the north -steamroll native american settlements on some islands near me -siam discovers urainum -siam is confirmed to have nuclear power plant -must stop siam from getting nukes -US gunships race to punch a hole in siams defences -all reserve units are embarked for the invasion with destroyer escorts -gunships meet uber heavy resistance -invasion due in 2 turns -russia is being cut off from US aid -sends paratroopers to break the siege of moscow -fails due to being outnumbered 20:1 -D-Day in siam -steamrolls siam until only capital left -no sign of atomic weapons -100,000 troops surrounding the capital -air raid sirens -siam nukes himself four times along with most of my troops -paras mop up and capture the capital -sad music -all other nations in shock -we mourn our fallen troops -all nations make peace in the next 4 turns -we all are sad -decides war must end for good -changes course for diplomatic victory -starts work on UN -becomes allies with 19 city states -all nations live in realitive peace -finishes UN -wins vote -wins game 10/10 no feels like this in a game before.
game-hours: 14.1
review: When Gandhi or Ethiopia comes to your doorstep with gifts of gold, dyes, and ivory, take my advice. Ready all your tanks and nukes, arm them, AND SHOOT THEM LIKE YOUR LIFE DEPENDS ON IT. They are evil, traitorous demons. NEVER TRUST THEM. However, Genghis Khan is my best friend. He came up to me and was all like, "De full do bu la chi mendo." And I said, "Okay! Let's be friends!" I can never understand that guy, but something about our relationship just works. Ghandi Hating Simulator 2014 11/10
game-hours: 51.1
review: You'll decide to play for an hour and you'll realize four days later that your wife left you, but you're so close to killing that scumbag Gandhi that it doesn't even matter. 20/10
game-hours: 152.8
review: Never. Trust. Ghandi.
game-hours: 40.9
review: Don't attempt to play this before going to bed.
game-hours: 444.1
review: Say goodbye to your life.
game-hours: 873.8
review: Yaa start way back in time with a settler and a warrior unit. 14 hours later, the sun is up and you are going to be late for work.......again. Just....one....more....turn 20/10
game-hours: 225.7
review: If you want a strategy game which is easy to get the hang of and most of all fun, Civilization V is your best bet! I have always been a big fan of Sid Meier's Civ series, ever since Civilization III. Creating a mighty civlization has never been more fun and rewarding, especially when you're playing with your friends/enemies over multiplayer. I've got to admit, the game is abit buggy, and it's ridiculous that they haven't fixed all the issues yet. Most of these bugs are around the multiplayer part of the game and include a really annoying issue which allows someone to edit a trade without your knowledge and give themself all of your stuff... If you ignore these bugs though you have a game which is extremely addictive and that many people, including myself, have poured many hours and hours into. This is definately one of my most played games. I wouldn't recommend playing this game without all the DLC's, they're kind of required and the game is pretty dull without them. Luckily there's also a great modding community and I enjoy trying out loads of cool mods found on both the forums and the Steam workshop! My personal verdict: 7/10 PS If you're looking for a more challenging and realistic alternative, I'd recommend Europa Universalis 4.
game-hours: 703.2
review: You start as a lone settler. From there, create an empire and make it grow as time moves forward. Fight your way to the position of dominance or win the hearts of the other leaders. Regardless of the choice, you will enjoy many hours achieving victory.
game-hours: 414.5
review: Awesome Addicting Turn based strategy game that everyone should play at least one time in there lifetime. Highly Recommended.
game-hours: 145.3
review: This is probably the most addictive game I have played in a long time. I love it. This will definitly keep you up at night!
game-hours: 49.8
review: Constructed the Statue of Liberty in Persia. 11/10.
game-hours: 560.3
review: Simply one of the best strategy games I have ever played. A must play.
game-hours: 67.3
review: Civilization 5 is one of the best strategy games I've had the pleasure of playing. The multiplayer is good, the single player is good and you have tons of DLC to choose from. Five star game. Nuff said...
game-hours: 42.1
review: This game is basically crack for Hitler.
game-hours: 56.1
review: The Civ series should probably come with a warning label as being one of those game series most likely to cause a video game addiction.
game-hours: 635.1
review: An excellent game that will leave you thoroughly addicted. The amount of times I've said to myself "Just one more turn" is too high to count. If you are a fan of 4x strategy games, Civ 5 is a must buy.
game-hours: 139.9
review: it fun when you play with friends as you try to find ways to win
game-hours: 7.6
review: Love IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 71.7
review: I only have 8 hours, but have over 200 hrs watched on youtube. Yes the learning curve is high, but its so addicting.
game-hours: 707.8
review: For people who like the feel of strategy board games, and the technological advancments of computer games, this is the game for you! Sid Meier's Civilization V, along with it's DLC's, runs and feels like a game like RISK, making it very easy to follow and understand. I would highly recommend this game to anyone who's a fan of strategy games.
game-hours: 128.8
review: Great Game, addicting and fun. I fully recommend it
game-hours: 281.0
review: Best strategy game around for good reason.
game-hours: 107.5
review: ing Gandhi. 10/10
game-hours: 188.2
review: Super fun and addictive strategy game.
game-hours: 6.4
review: amazing game lots of fun to play must get for everyone
game-hours: 562.7
review: Missing a few good old features from the 4rth, but still a really good game. Some new features, like the 1 unit per case and the hexagonal format, are pretty great and change a lot of things when thinking about strategy. For thos who miss the religions, i also recommend the expansion, kings and god.
game-hours: 105.5
review: This game is a strange kind of addiction. This is a game that requires thinking, and planning. One wrong political decision and you will definantly feel it.
game-hours: 91.8
review: Not just a strategy game but it is an experience. You will lose yourself in the intrigue and strategy of this as you try and build your civilzation into the greatest on the planet. Be you a warlord, diplomat, or economic savant, you can play your way and build a nation in your own image. Do you have what it takes to build the greatest civilzation known to mankind? Can you build a civilzation that withstands the tests of time?!
game-hours: 68.8
review: I really don't know what to say.. I just love this game so much!
game-hours: 495.1
review: Amazing game, defenitly recomended.
game-hours: 133.4
review: great game that never gets boring, make sure you have a clock beside your monitor while you play.
game-hours: 316.6
review: Love it!
game-hours: 93.4
review: If you're a fan of Age of Empires or any strategy game like that, then this game is for you. I didn't know what to expect when I went into this game, and sort of got lost, but then my knowledge of Age of Empires kicked in and I knew how to win.
game-hours: 61.4
review: Civilization V is one of the best strategy war games I've ever played. It is extremely well done and with 40+ hours on this game I have never encountered a single bug. Civilization V is very well made all around, the graphics are great, the AI's have they're own personalities, the eras are perfectly made, and the units for each era are just fantastic and accurate. Also before you start the game, you can go into the advanced settings which allows you to change pretty much every aspect of the game, for example how long you want the game to last, to if you want the units to make animations when moving/attacking. While in-game your mind will not be a rest with choices such as where you want to move your units and which sciences to research. All in all if you are a fan of strategic war games and have lots of time to spare; then Civilization V is a no brainer. I recommend you to purchase this game and if your willing to go farther and purchase the Complete Edition, I have it and it is well worth the extra cost. The game also allows and is open for in-game mods from the Steam Workshop. My rating for Civilization V is (9 / 10)
game-hours: 1314.4
review: Do you have a life or a job that requires attention? Then this is not the game for you. Are you sometimes sitting at home, high as  and wondering, how can i just make the days go by. Well friend, I have the perfect solution for you. With only a small attention span, you too can disolve hours from your life as you forget to bathe. This game is only bettered by WoW, in its time wasting ability. As you try to micromanage every aspect of your empire, you will forget about everything else in your life that even requires the smalles amount of attention. Eating, bodily functions, personal relationships,  all that , buy this game!
game-hours: 173.4
review: I've spent a lot of hours on this game, and not one feels wasted. DLC's add lots of cool new features, so get them if you can. 10/10
game-hours: 532.2
review: A great game, very addictive. Worth every penny!
game-hours: 661.6
review: This game is a great. I love to try to collect all the resources I can!
game-hours: 43.4
review: great game. killed everyone
game-hours: 178.7
review: Great game, love it
game-hours: 91.8
review: Amazing
game-hours: 466.0
review: One of the best turn based strategy games I've ever played. It offers a variety of different options and a good challenge both in single and multiplayer.
game-hours: 284.5
review: A really good turn-based game :D
game-hours: 172.6
review: aaa
game-hours: 133.5
review: just one more turn
game-hours: 179.9
review: A Fanstastic game, You'll spend hours playing this.
game-hours: 132.5
review: I haven't played Civ since the original. It's basically the same game as I remember, with everything extended (as it should, after so many iterations and years). Most importantly, it's got that same crack feeling to it: you can't just stop playing a game without severe reasons. One more turn. One more turn. Ok, now my house is on fire. I should really stop. One more turn ...
game-hours: 5.9
review: An amazing game so amazing i bought it a 2nd time with all the dlc for my new account. 10/10.
game-hours: 45.5
review: "One more turn" syndrome is real
game-hours: 260.6
review: great game addictive only one more turn turns into about 100 more really quick. The depth and history are awesome especially for history ppl. Totally recommend this game to all!
game-hours: 1853.3
review: Just try and you'll see...
game-hours: 584.7
review: A great game that can have you engrossed for hours...even days. A bit tricky to pick up but once you have, it'll suck you in!
game-hours: 76.1
review: Addicting!!!
game-hours: 255.5
review: classic civilization revamped, the non-stacking units add a new and refreshing flavor to the battles and everything feels familiar despite the tweaks and upgrades done to the classic formula. Worth trying for any Civ fan, I don't regret a single penny I spent on this game.
game-hours: 542.5
review: One of the best games in the best series ever
game-hours: 157.8
review: If you need a high quality time sink, this is a good game. The game isn't boring and is fairly easy to get the hang of. Some turns require more thinking and some turns require less. When I first started playing, my OCD to be far more prevelent than in most game. Some turns require more thinking and others require no thinking. This is something that is rough on simplier methods of managing OCD. I did manage in the long run. The linux port is top notch. Full screen behaves way better than most games. Graphics are nice but don't really matter much for this type of game.
game-hours: 184.5
review: 10/10 gave crabs to Theodora of Byzantine
game-hours: 173.8
review: I simply love this game, every game is different and enjoyable, you can customize enough to make it pretty darn challenging or a sandbox laidback session. I def. recommend this. Seriously. Buy this game. Play it.
game-hours: 269.3
review: The single best strategy game i have ever played. Sessions of this game take a while, but it keeps you enthralled and offers a lot of replay value due to DLC and a huge amount of characters to play. If you have ever enjoyed a strategy game, and have not already played this one, buy this game.
game-hours: 154.0
review: I once went over to a freind of mine's house at 9:00 AM. I sat down at the desk next to him, grunted a hello, then loaded up civ V. His parents kicked me out around 11:00 at night. I proceeded to go home and play it for another few hours before passing out on my desk. Woke up the next day with a migrane and an overheated laptop. All of my progress was gone. Almost killed someone. Game was pretty good btw.
game-hours: 79.2
review: Absolutely amazing. Literally nothing bad I can say about it.
game-hours: 241.3
review: Great game to play with your friends
game-hours: 158.7
review: I recomend it because its fun to play with friends. Just Watch out so you dont make them your enemies.
game-hours: 84.8
review: Comes bundled with the smash hit "Waiting For Players 2014"
game-hours: 311.7
review: If you currently have a job then you might want to come down with a "Flu" because Sid Meier's Civilization V is fun, and extreamly addicting. You'll spend hours on here without realizing it, and it may even ruin your relationship status for the first couple days. Enjoy!
game-hours: 59.4
review: ! WARNING ! Highly addictive ! WARNING ! Buy only if you have lots of spare time to sink into this wonderful game ! Truly amazing, but get Brave New World and Gods & Kings with it :)
game-hours: 9.6
review: This is a really fun game. I had only seen one civ game before (Civilization Revolution) and had only played it for a few hours and wasn't a huge fan of it. But this game is truly extroardinary. I didn't play turn-based strategy games before but know I do. Definite Buy. 12/10
game-hours: 370.6
review: This game is just mind blowing!
game-hours: 107.6
review: A great turn-based game. Make sure you have a spare few... days... spare.
game-hours: 20.7
review: Very fun games however each game (on fastest setting) will literally take 5-10 hours. on the marathon setting, expect over 24hr games. as a consequence, i havent played a single full game yet! (about 5 hrs) pros fun multiplayer + cons long games - gameplay= 8/10 graphics= 7/10 sound/audio= 5/10 multiplayer= 9/10 re-playability= 8/10 total= 36/50= try demo, if you like it, buy it! i payed 5 but its worth the 20!
game-hours: 60.6
review: A fantastic strategy game that you'll spend hours playing! You'll only spend more and more time as you pick up on how the mechanics of the game work!
game-hours: 368.2
review: I have enjoyed the Civilization series since the first game rolled out in the 1990s. Although Civilization III and IV had some really great features, I do like the flexibility that Civ V offers. The addition of religion as a "victory" standard is good. The traditional means of attaining victory are still there (cultural, science, conquest, diplomatic), so not much of a change there. I do like the hexigonal map base better than the squares of past Civ installments., However, there are a few things that I do believe needs to be altered in the game. In Civ IV, if your culture was dominant, it was possible to expand your borders through culture. This feature is missing. I would also like more freedom in using the spies, as was available in Civ IV.
game-hours: 63.3
review: Addicting and fun. Worth the money
game-hours: 243.5
review: Good game, very fun to play with friends and others. But keep in mind the solo game isnt as fun as brave new world. So if your gonna get this game better get brave new world as well.
game-hours: 164.2
review: Can wait for the release of Brave New Worlds!!!
game-hours: 113.5
review: Civ V is a must-have game for any strategy game lover. It has everything they could want in a game. Economy, military units, diplomacy, multiple victory conditions, different civilizations, and so on. The only thing lack luster in this game is the diplomacy. Civilization games just never have had a stellar diplomacy engine. The A.I. has always been a little derpy but nothing that can be frustraiting. Just don't be expecting help from allies, or many allies for that matter.
game-hours: 84.7
review: Amazing!
game-hours: 107.6
review: awesome
game-hours: 77.9
review: quick civ. biggest lie you'll ever hear
game-hours: 125.2
review: If you enjoy strategy, you'll love Civ V. Also, it's probably the best Turn-Based Strategy Game around.
game-hours: 20.3
review: fk dis game too long bore hodor
game-hours: 14.4
review: Yo these troops doin these things, in these places....Damn
game-hours: 15.6
review: Very good strategy game.Exceeded my expectatons.Solid gameplay and easy to learn.9/10
game-hours: 60.7
review: Friended Ghandi, got nuked. 10/10
game-hours: 58.0
review: I love this game. fun to play with friends.
game-hours: 86.7
review: Civ 4 was great. almost flawless, exept it was super buggy. bit civ 5 fixed all those bugs, made graohical improvements, and increased the politiacal part of the game. it was great to be able to use youre money for stuff, and all units can go on water. this game is bacially like civ 4 but easyer to star out with. wars were much more fun becasue the cities can defend themselves without units. The polotics of the new game made it alot more fun to play against AI, becase they are super violent and offendable, so there will be alot more war, which is good fun. the games are also alot longer becase by the 20th century, each turn was a single year so a game could easily be 10 hours long. I fully recomed this game. 9/10
game-hours: 19.8
review: DO NOT PURCHASE THIS VERSION OF CIV V IF YOU INTEND TO RUN IN WINDOWS 7, WITH DIRECTX 10 OR 11. Simply put, I've experienced nothing but crashes every few mintues with the Steam digital version of Civ 5.
game-hours: 86.3
review: Great game, would strongly recommend. It's very addicting though, so make sure you don't have anything pressing to do the next day when you start playing it. The expansions make the game a lot better; once you play with them you really won't be able to understand how you played the base game.
game-hours: 248.1
review: I have played almost 180+hrs and would recondmend to almost anyone. If you get it you should pick up the Gods and kings expansion (assuming it doesn't come with you verson) it just makes it a better game. I played without G/K once and nearly cried.
game-hours: 123.0
review: I bought this because it was on sale and looked like it might be alright for a laugh. Suddenly my life has disappeared before my eyes.
game-hours: 217.0
review: Fantastic fun if you like turn based strategy. Defintley great if your a history buff like me and can nerd out cranking out 40 panzers to simulate your own blitzkreig on the poor underteched CPU and then get nuked by gandhi the ...seriously...gandhi is the biggest prick of all the AI, but apart from that the game's great. Get ALL the DLC, G&K really improves the combat with new units (and civs i think?) while BNW just overhauls the entire late game to make all victory conditions more engaging, interactive, and entertaining.
game-hours: 275.7
review: the best game
game-hours: 26.6
review: This game has overtaken my life. I want my life back, please.
game-hours: 424.9
review: ITS JUST AMAZING
game-hours: 48.7
review: Awesome game!
game-hours: 199.6
review: is nice
game-hours: 265.3
review: Gandhi nuked me. 11/10
game-hours: 140.0
review: This game gives me the LOLZ!
game-hours: 384.8
review: It's pretty hard to grasp your head around it if you walk in blind. But if someone gives you a hand while you learn it, you'll master it in no time. And once you've mastered it, god DAMN is it addicting. Totally recommended for any strategy hounds.
game-hours: 568.3
review: Great game no bugs and amazing AI
game-hours: 285.4
review: its fun
game-hours: 112.9
review: Really fun if you can actually find people that want to play with you for hours on end.
game-hours: 440.7
review: Just one more turn
game-hours: 278.7
review: There is a reason I have over 200 hours played on this
game-hours: 75.8
review: Build your empire. Then unbuild other peoples empire with guns.
game-hours: 71.9
review: Watch out for Ghandi.
game-hours: 34.4
review: It's a fun game, but it crashes, A LOT. The crashes are very random and I've tried many of the commonly recommended fixes and to no avail. Sometimes it will run fine for hours, other times it crashes every few minutes.
game-hours: 678.8
review: I have been a long time fan of Civ games and this one is just the natural progression of what has been a very good line of games. Anyone a fan of strategy and 4x games would do well to play this. Combined with the workshop, there is endless replay value to an already great game. I even recommend all the DLC, and that is something I rarely do. Get it, play it, it's good. 85% greatness. (where 50% is average)
game-hours: 338.0
review: Hours and hours worth of gaming here. Playing now for almost 4 years. It's amazing how they've been able to keep basically the same formula since the first Civilization game in the early 90's and it has the same addictive feel now in Civ V as it did then. There are many different scenarios to achieve victory in this game. It doesn't have to be about conquest. You can win this game diplomatically, scientifically, culturally or time (highest score at last turn). You don't even have to quit your current campaign when you run out of turns. Scoring will stop but you can build your empire for as long as you like. If you are able to get the expansions with this game, I highly recommend doing so. They add so much to the vanilla game that I don't think I could ever go back to it. They just keep making it better.
game-hours: 157.1
review: This game is amazing.
game-hours: 932.7
review: I've literally never spent as much time on a game in my life as I have with Civ 5. Massively addictive.
game-hours: 211.0
review: Another great iteration in the Civilzation series. Plays like a Civ game should. The workshop makes modding the game really easy so I can finally get those bridges across coastal hexs!
game-hours: 138.1
review: This game is crack. Do not play if you have any responsibilities within the next 6 to 12 to 24 hours.
game-hours: 402.3
review: Do you like strategy? Do you have free time with no end? Do you like conquest, culture, religion, and/or science? You will love this game. Cannot recommend enough.
game-hours: 19.0
review: Fun game but very addictive i would finish this but 1 MORE TURN
game-hours: 299.6
review: YES
game-hours: 72.2
review: I have to say that after two purchase, I cannot play yet. The game is not opening in the full screen and I cannot access the button to push truough the initial screen menu I have checked everywhere in the manuals, but no hope. For few months worked properly, then suddenly it stopped to function, and even I purchased an expansion, so to eventually have the chance to have the inital setting back, it doesn't work.
game-hours: 170.4
review: Civ 5....., it's a great game which can be easily understood. Honestly, I've probably sank too many hours into this already, but it seriously deserves at least a try. It's easy to pick up, hexagons work great, and it's a lot of fun. If you haven't played a civ game before, basically you build a civilization from the ground up from the ancient era to the information era and beyond. It involves diplomacy, military, research and culture. The only main gripe I have with this game is that the AI is dumb. Like really dumb. I can win wars with four units against twenty of their units because: A: they don't know how to take cities, and B: positioning is important, they don't know how to do that. 9/10
game-hours: 256.3
review: dont play if you want a life
game-hours: 17.4
review: Great way to make huge chunks of time disappear. 9/10 - Some AI annoyances but other than that this is a great game.
game-hours: 86.3
review: This game is great as it is fun and teaches you a bit about each civilization, it is also good because it's not an easy game which makes it more fun as you have to overcome the difficulties.
game-hours: 9.7
review: Game is great as content, but runs very slow while advancing through game on older machines who only meet minimum requirements
game-hours: 300.8
review: This is the best game you will ever play. I have spent 8 days solid worth of hours on this over about a year of having it. 8 days well spent!
game-hours: 224.9
review: Awesome
game-hours: 141.3
review: Excellent addition to the civilization series, especially with the expansions.
game-hours: 165.7
review: Oldie but goldie...
game-hours: 108.0
review: I would recommend this to anyone who desires strategic and challenging elements in a game. Get it while it's cheap!
game-hours: 270.3
review: This game is as addictive as hell. It is well balance, takes no time to learn it but takes hundreds of hours to master. Cannot reccomended it enough, 9.5/10
game-hours: 107.8
review: Great game and it now works on linux
game-hours: 81.1
review: So you're sitting there, wondering why everyone likes this game. So, you pick it up on sale and you start to play. "Hmm, this seems fun, I'll just play til turn 50 and then I'll sleep." Then suddenly, its 3 AM, turn 317, and you're busy crushing Napolean and wondering why Ghandi is such a ing . 10/10 good way to lose track of time
game-hours: 151.4
review: funnnnn
game-hours: 1171.0
review: Incredibly addictive. This game has hoovered up whole days of my life. Actually... make that weeks
game-hours: 244.5
review: GOTY 2010
game-hours: 83.2
review: Just plain awesome!
game-hours: 144.3
review: This game will destroy your life.
game-hours: 69.8
review: Stupid AI cheats, just like in the earlier games. Frustrating to the point of screaming. And still, just ... on... more... turn ;)
game-hours: 13.5
review: This is one of the best strategy games ever. If you never played it, go play it now!
game-hours: 170.0
review: Excellent strategy game. Matches can last for hours. Playing with friends online or via LAN is loads of fun. Highly recommend.
game-hours: 102.5
review: Amazing game, looks great, very addictive and fun to play.
game-hours: 32.9
review: great game
game-hours: 140.6
review: Tactical civilization management at its finest.
game-hours: 14.3
review: Amazing Game!
game-hours: 279.0
review: dis game iz da shizaye u waz gon 2 work bat wayz funna ! bye it yo
game-hours: 212.6
review: This game is addictive. Stupidly. Many have complained that the game has had too much taken out to appeal to a wider market. Ignore them. The changes are for the most part sensible, and improve the flow of the game. The Gods & Kings expansion tweaks things further and makes the whole package feel more complete. OK, so diplomatic relations still go south once you get to a certain size - and someone is bound to attack you if you don't so maintaining a strong army is essential and can make it harder to seek other victory types but it isn't a game breaker. I'm having ridiculous fun after 100 hours and I've barely scratched the surface.
game-hours: 88.4
review: After a long series of backstabbings, had the pleasure of dancing on gandhi's corpse. vishnu/10
game-hours: 382.3
review: I recommend this game for those that like the turn based stratedy types. CIV 5 gives you the right ammount of control over your civilisation without information overload. a well contructed game.
game-hours: 174.7
review: great game
game-hours: 116.9
review: I no longer have life all that is left is civilazation
game-hours: 42.6
review: awesome game, great for a strateigic player
game-hours: 294.9
review: great game love it
game-hours: 182.6
review: Great game, been playing it hours.
game-hours: 248.3
review: Damn nice
game-hours: 14.1
review: This is a awesome game It takes me back to the time's i was playing command and conqure for the ps1 and ps2 it truly is a amazine game i recomend you buying it. It is very cheap for what you get and i almost forgot its on pc so you can easly mod it there are also some great mods out there one of my best mods are the world war 2 remake mods it is a fantastic mod and you can choose to be any country form britain, france, germany,usa,ussr it is a classic mod and i hope the guy or girl makes another! This is my post on this game Thanks for reading! BTW check out my Youtube Channel i am starting to make some videos on this game i just need to find the right capture software!
game-hours: 429.9
review: If you have any experience with Civilization games previously, do yourself a favor and buy the complete version of this that includes Gods and Kings and Brave New World. The DLC for this game takes what was otherwise an okay, but kind of pared down and boring version of Civ, and turns it into the best Civ game since Alpha Centauri. Other things of note if you are an older civ player looking at this game: - Units are restricted to (basically) one unit per tile. At first this seems terrible, but in the long run you'll wonder why you ever put up with stacks of doom. - Instead of squares, you have hexes. This increases the strategic depth of the game a lot. - India will still nuke the hell out of you the first chance they get.
game-hours: 33.0
review: Great turn-based strategy game.Everything is well made I like the mulitplayer that you can save the proggres that you have acomplished with the players that you are playing with.Everything is well polished.
game-hours: 11.6
review: I enjoy this game a great deal. A little tricky to start with but well worth it.
game-hours: 391.4
review: Obviously a classic series that continues to improve with every release, but be warned: The AI is inherently bad and does not play better on higher difficulty settings. Instead, the game simply assigns better starting resources and disposition to the computer opponents, making the game incredibly unfair in the beginning, only to level out and eventually fall in your favour towards the end. When I discovered this fact, I was compelled to stopplaying, but I still don't regret the nearly 400 hours I spent on it.
game-hours: 103.9
review: If you have all the expansions and DLC for the game it wil not let you go so easely.. Just ONE MORE TURN!!!
game-hours: 111.5
review: Good game 10/10
game-hours: 20.6
review: Too many problems to list running this game. i7, P8 z78 pro gen 3 mobo, 16G corsair RAM, 256G SSD and GT 560 ti. Game won't launch at all ever since I bought the DLC. Updated all drivers, verified game cache, uninstalled, re-installed, and did a rain dance for good measure. Game is broken. Has been uninstalled and I'm not going to bother trying to  with it again.
game-hours: 216.9
review: Good solid game. Best Civ game out to date. hex battle system is pretty great.
game-hours: 56.0
review: feels like a nerfed version of Civ IV
game-hours: 12.9
review: One... more... turn!
game-hours: 358.0
review: Great game and with the expansion you have many ways you can grow your civilization. Wonderful and relaxing!
game-hours: 321.8
review: The game is well made and a lot of fun, however, It has to be said that although it's a very good game, of the 200+ hours I currently have spent in the game, about 27 seconds have been in a multplayer where nothing went wrong, if intending to play with friends, please be aware that although possible, it will almost certainly cause problems.
game-hours: 544.8
review: This game is really good. buy it
game-hours: 125.0
review: simply amazing
game-hours: 332.5
review: How do you describe Sid Meier's Civilization V? Long story short, you can't. One of if not the best game I currently , and probably will ever, own in my steam account.
game-hours: 220.1
review: well there goes my social life...
game-hours: 25.1
review: Really nice game
game-hours: 39.8
review: This is my first taste of the Sid Meier's series but I have to say - unbelievable. The curve is a bit steep for me personally since my mind doesn't think as democratically as it should for success to be guaranteed in a game like this, but LANing this with friends is one of the best times I've had in a long, long time.
game-hours: 202.2
review: Best turn based strategy of this generation. Challenging for most.
game-hours: 35.8
review: just one more turn...just one more turn...
game-hours: 52.8
review: This is the game equivalent of crack. Just one more turn. Before you know it, hours have gone by. A great game. It's really fun to build your empire, research new technologies, and interact with your neighbors. Great game for an all night LAN party as well.
game-hours: 16.4
review: Amazing Game almost no critique except the fact that it is quite boring to play alone, make sure to have some friends to play with. Runs smoothly on my OK laptop.
game-hours: 53.4
review: This game turns the phrase "Just one more turn." into the biggest 5 hour lie you've ever told. You will think, "I'll just fire up Civ V and play a few turns before bed." at 10pm and the next thing you know, it's 5 in the morning. Even if Turn-Based strategy games aren't normally your thing, you should still play Civ V. It's that good.
game-hours: 88.4
review: Fun :)
game-hours: 42.3
review: Good
game-hours: 70.3
review: Simply the greatest strategy game ever!
game-hours: 165.0
review: Four words on why everyone should get this game: Nukes and Death Robots
game-hours: 185.3
review: Solid Game Rip in peaches social life
game-hours: 172.3
review: Best way to sit around and waist time, but be carefull, you might get a little mssed up in the head if you play it to much.
game-hours: 29.1
review: not kirby 0/10
game-hours: 123.9
review: This game literally is probably one of the best games I have ever played single player. It contains hundreds of hours of fun with the ability to play as your favorite historical civilization. I went out and got the 4th Civ to try it and couldnt play because of how awesome Civ 5 is. One downfall may be that the online doesnt really work too well so playing with friends isnt the best option. But if you look at this from a single player game standpoint it is a GEM. I would recommend this to a friend and I give it 10/10 my most played steam game.
game-hours: 937.3
review: good civ installment
game-hours: 243.7
review: We all know that feeling when another civ put a city in your spot and you nuke all the citys in the game 2000 years later
game-hours: 102.5
review: best conquering game ever
game-hours: 818.7
review: Great game with a great mod community
game-hours: 200.9
review: very good game! great fun with friends.
game-hours: 183.4
review: Very fun game. Many different playstyles to choose from, and a lot of civilizations to chose, and rule with. Also great mods out there.
game-hours: 325.4
review: well they done alot to the game sense my last review, but mtuiplayer is still broken as crape, AI dipolamcy in mutipalyer is completly broken they will not contact human players and that breacks 50% of the dipomaticl stuff - also computer players are setup to be mostly combat orintated in singleplayer AI u can do trades and stuff and work wiht the global world congress thing in mutiplayer pretty much AI is just programed to  the player over - they dont even care if there own AI is wining they will go after u more so then each other. sense DIpo is so broken that breacks world congress becuase there is no aiblity to setup relationships with the mmtuiplayer AI so they will never work with u and will always vote aginst what u vote for period. also lack of game options no ability to use mods in mutiplayer games which blows assholl sense only way to really enjoy civ5 game is to mod it up to be more like civ4.. single player exprince is good but mtuplayer exprince is total . it also lags from almost constant loading screens.
game-hours: 46.8
review: Hands down the best strategy dame to date, especially when you have both expansion packs. Brave New World adds mind boggling diplomacy and trade features that make this game top notch.
game-hours: 191.3
review: Honestly this game is just awesome. Buy it and waste your life away on it. There are like a million different ways to play and customize the game. Tons of mods. You'll have fun. Buy it.
game-hours: 77.8
review: One Of My Favorite Games OF All Time, AI Pathing Is A Bit Wierd But Not All The Time, A Great Amount Of DLC And Alot Of FUn If Your Willing To Put In Alot Of Hours
game-hours: 243.2
review: Sid Meiers Civilization V Has extrordinary and fun addtions to it. I highly suggest this game to ALL who love strategy, and challenges. A+++++++
game-hours: 72.8
review: It is my favorite of the series. It simplifies the game compared to 3 and 4 which was always a turn off to me. The matches will last a good 8+ hours even if its against a computer. 8/10 for me.
game-hours: 476.8
review: One of the greatest stratedgy games of all time.
game-hours: 172.6
review: It took the DLC to make a good game great, but it finally got there. The king of turn-based strategy games. JUST ONE MORE TURN.
game-hours: 471.8
review: A simplified version of Civ IV, but 1000 Ghandi Nukes greater in quality + polish.
game-hours: 238.1
review: One more turn.... Just one more... better than sex on drugs.
game-hours: 206.9
review: Herpderp, I'ma do stuff. Good game, 10/5
game-hours: 209.1
review: Classic game. What's not to like/
game-hours: 265.5
review: MAKES ME HARDER THAN CALCULOS. 10/10
game-hours: 337.1
review: Wonderfully complicated and high replay value.
game-hours: 137.9
review: ing mongolians took control all of my land and  my people
game-hours: 1259.4
review: This is an addictive strategy game with seeming endless replay appeal. The advanced game setup makes for many permutations to fit your mood and personality preferences as a player.
game-hours: 3861.0
review: I love to try new games, however, Civ5 is the only game that I consistantly come back to again and again. When I say to myself that I have finally had enough, I let it sit a month or two and I'm right back at it. It is the best!
game-hours: 117.7
review: Its like crack with strategy
game-hours: 110.5
review: Nuked by Ghandi 10/10
game-hours: 225.8
review: Great game, and all the improvements I'd wanted at the start were implemented except micro economy control.
game-hours: 22.9
review: Best game ever, Just finnished my first game as the dutch and going back for a second!!!
game-hours: 60.2
review: The beating of a million drums, The fire of a million guns, The mother of a million sons, Civilization!
game-hours: 247.0
review: This game is Amazing! Except watch out for Ghandi, hes a ing !
game-hours: 85.8
review: This game really is awesome. I love the historical edge to the game, as well as the mulitple ways and difficulties to play it. It is a new experience every game, win or lose. Five out of Five stars. Well done
game-hours: 58.4
review: One of the best strategy games of all time. A beautiful work of art where you muct make hard decisions and actually feel like you are a leader. Will you be a good king? An evil empoerer? Or a Neutral dictator who chooses to be blind to he outside world? Will you raise an army to roll over all nations? Or will you choose to work in harmony for a peaceful world? It's all up to you!
game-hours: 279.4
review: My brother and I have been playing this game since our college years in '97 and have kept up with every version since then. It is still the game I am most loyal too all these years later! Hello sunrise!
game-hours: 218.6
review: this game is amzing and i think you guys will like it to not saying that you will like it just i think you will like it
game-hours: 65.5
review: great game well worth buying for hours of fun not for the inpatient though
game-hours: 27.4
review: Its historic and a very good game you learn a lot while playing it and the strategy in this game is like non other its amazing i love it thx for a great game
game-hours: 80.2
review: CIv 5 is the best 4X game out in my opinion. Everything works perfectly to create that "Just one more turn" state of mind that keeps on bringing you back to play more. Plus mods just enhance the experience allowing you to play however you want.
game-hours: 164.0
review: A really simple and easy to pick up strategy game that even people new to strategy games can pick up and enjoy. It's a really good game that goes into a high amount of detail on the map and in terms of facial animations of each leader (of which there are lots of). I would really recommend picking up the Gods & Kings and/or the Brave New World DLC as these add new features to the game and fix a lot of bugs. Well worth a go if you're even slightly interested in strategy games, it is definitely a good time sink.
game-hours: 176.4
review: Short review: Awesome. Longer review: Civ V is an amazing strategy game, mostly because of all the possibilities and for the fact that once you start a gaming session, you'll sit for 5-10 hours straight. As you play through the stages of time, you'll meet other civilizations and form relations with them. These relations will often change over time e.g. You'll start as best buds, and later turn in to arch nemisises. One of the best feelings in this game is when you get attacked by another civilization, lose a city, then turn it around and completly annihilate the other civilization. The bad tings are that multiplayer is almost dead (I say almost, but it might be completly) and in the later rounds, when all the civs have a billion civs each and you possibly have 40 cities, the rounds might be really long. But it's still an awesome game, and if you want to play against living people, you should gather your real life friends. In concusion: Civilization V is a great strategy game, but it will take a lot of time to complete a game, and you'll sitt a lot of time for each session you play. Side note: 1) The default AI doesn't really fit all the characters e.i. Ghandi will nuke you. 2) I recommend getting the DLC's. The two main ones add quite a bit and two new ways to win the game (one each).
game-hours: 2360.4
review: Great Game
game-hours: 265.1
review: Super addicting with or without DLC.
game-hours: 54.0
review: amazing game. Graphics look really well.
game-hours: 264.5
review: A must have for every fan of the series. Especially with G&K and BNW expansions. Shines in multiplayer as well (though it's lacks stability a bit and has a few other bugs).
game-hours: 106.2
review: With intriguing, self-presented stories and endless possibilities in an infinite number of worlds, Civilization V is quite simply one of the most fun, interesting and addictive games I have ever played.
game-hours: 594.9
review: Bought this game three weeks ago and I already have 100 hours into it. Amazing game.
game-hours: 180.9
review: Was neighbours with Gandhi -- didn't get nuked! 10/10
game-hours: 171.5
review: So much fun!
game-hours: 37.4
review: A classic revamped well, My last play of this game was Civ2, so im jumping to this, no longer need to have roads everywhere, a more intuitive system, you can play many different ways with many different advantages. Still this feels quite military based, almost forced, A great new and polished version of a classic. the simple view is a perfect idea for lower end computers too! speeds up gameplay alot. The addition of marathon mode is quite highly recommend to try, it really feels like you grow with your empire, then play a standard game and you can see how much you learn playing a very long game. I would recommend this for beginner to advanced players, it can suite the toughest, and the newest to gaming.
game-hours: 286.6
review: this game is one of if not the best Strategy games out there. The Civ games have always been fun to play. the only thing you should do is GIVE THIS GAME ALL THE MONEY.
game-hours: 81.1
review: Workshop doesnt work on Mac which is stupid
game-hours: 118.1
review: yeah its like being um important or something
game-hours: 526.8
review: This is the best game ever. Hold onto your butts.
game-hours: 434.7
review: Favorite franchise of all time. This delivers like all the others.
game-hours: 163.0
review: Great Game. Basically the latest/best Civ. Only real negative for me is that they seem to have simplified Diplomacy/trading (cant trade maps,etc..)
game-hours: 79.9
review: really good game.Freezes every 5 seconds 10/10
game-hours: 152.1
review: My favorite game
game-hours: 461.8
review: love this game
game-hours: 124.7
review: This game is possibly my favorite PC game to play. I've spent literally days on this game. It may seem a bit complicated at first, but it's really easy after you play it for a bit. Even after you've played it for a long time, there are enough civilizations and maps to choose from that this game can always seem fresh and new. I especially enjoy the multiplayer aspects. Essentially, you play through each game as a civilization of your choosing and try to make your civilization last for the entire game. You can set rules such as how long the game lasts, what ways you can win, and what specials each player is allowed to have. My friend and I have played countless matches against each other. I highly recommend this game to anyone interested in strategy games.
game-hours: 130.9
review: If you're going to buy this game, spend the extra 30 bucks to buy the gold edition
game-hours: 213.1
review: Clearly One of the Best Games ever Created. To miss this game is to miss a masterpiece.
game-hours: 1287.4
review: LOVE THIS GAME
game-hours: 463.6
review: Awesome Strategy game, as always from Sid Meier. Highly recommend this for any Strategy enthusists!!!
game-hours: 160.0
review: Extremely addicting... Don't start during finals!
game-hours: 205.1
review: I have been playing the Civilization series since, well, Civilization began. Pun intended. Though the amount of time I have dedicated to this franchise is probably minuscule compared to the more, shall we say, zealous individuals investing time into playing, I can confidently say weeks have been spent conquering worlds. This game continues in the vein of the series, with several variations and changes, albeit smalls increments rather than sweeping new changes. This is both relieving and disconcerting at the same time. Players can fall into a steady rhythm from the very beginning, only having to learn the remapped UI. This game though, by its very nature, does not change its core concept regardless of the iteration. Because of this, something new is needed, otherwise this game becomes another Call of Duty type release; fresh paint on the same game. Civilization has avoided this admirably, though I feel the evolution from IV to V was one of the most subtle yet, and it is my hope that VI offers the breath of fresh air this series is known for providing.
game-hours: 786.4
review: One of the best strategy games there is!
game-hours: 97.1
review: I love this game!!!
game-hours: 155.2
review: Best PC game in my opinion
game-hours: 848.6
review: I love this game it's so awesome. I like the Aztec and the US.
game-hours: 10.9
review: - Announced protection to City State, portugese fat lady declared war on them. Raided her capital city, didn't get denounced by other leaders. - Caught enemy spy in my capital, declared war. Caught everybody else's spy during the war, destroyed the original perpetrator and everybody was ok with that. Even after 10 hours in, still scratching the surface. 10/10
game-hours: 140.7
review: Best Game ever
game-hours: 338.2
review: You want a city builder? Try a country builder.
game-hours: 428.3
review: Great game, but what else would you expect from a Sid Meier. Though don't play expecting IV, and dont be surprised when your AI friends go full  and stab you in the back as soon as they get a chance. Still an amazing game, hence all those hours ive put in. Aslo, buy all the expansions before judgeing. Civilization V isn't very good on it's own to be honest. But if you like turn based games and building a civilization of beauty and science or just wanna watch the world burn before your very eyes then buy this game. WARNING:Good 4x games will take your life away and time will dissapear. Rating: 10/10
game-hours: 145.7
review: I have to say that after Civ4 I was hesitant but as a Civ fan I went ahead and bought the game and the DLC. After over 100 hours, I can easily say it was worth it and will continue to be worth it.
game-hours: 609.2
review: This game is simply great. You can easily loose half a dozen hours without even noticing.
game-hours: 650.8
review: With all the hours I have invested into this game, it's needless to say that I enjoy this game thouroughly(or have been AFK for a LONG time). This is the game that got me out of FPSs and RPGs, and into the, honestly more strategic, point and click genre. The majority of the gameplay I've experienced is WITHOUT the DLC packs, and I loved this game still. Only recently did I pick up these DLC packs, but even before they were purchased, anytime I would have time, I'd pick up my laptop and play the crap out of this game until my laptop crashed from overheating. 9/10(anyway you look at it) - A definent buy.
game-hours: 126.1
review: Gandhi declared war on me. 10/10 France is OP.
game-hours: 132.7
review: Civ5 Is one of the best strategy games I have ever played with a clear understanding of how the world evolved to be this way it is now and it only has one bug! You can get another players cities with out even them accepting the offer! However overall this is a great game!
game-hours: 233.6
review: It is a game which is well worth it once you learn the in-game mechanics. I have spent far more time on this game than any of the other games I have, and the satisfaction when you completely destroy a civ that stabbed you in the back is unmatchable.
game-hours: 254.5
review: I don't even need security clearances to fire a nuke. 420/10
game-hours: 974.9
review: Great game except for the fact that in Brave New World you can't do ICS because of the tech costs every time you expand. HA, GAY!
game-hours: 181.6
review: Really good, if you have an addictive personality you WILL get addicted to this...
game-hours: 3615.0
review: One of the all time classic franchises. A must for any serious strategy gamer. Easy to play, tough to master. MP is realatively seamless. There are some limitations though if you wish to add AI's to the game. Easy 9/10 not bad for a 2010 game. Civ 6 is most likely not out till late 2015 so worth the purchase IMHO.
game-hours: 251.3
review: I'm starting to wonder if crack is less addictive.
game-hours: 113.3
review: i love it!!!
game-hours: 744.7
review: I sincerely suck at this game, but it's still fun.
game-hours: 18.3
review: it NEEDS an update when ever i get to the loading screen it crashes
game-hours: 190.0
review: A great way to pass some time without resorting to mindless TV.
game-hours: 16.2
review: Well, i'm Shaniqua, and i'm right.
game-hours: 495.8
review: This is the best game that you can get for the computer. There is no game that has better matched open decision making, custom control of character, ingenuity in design, and quality of experience time after time, playthrough after playthrough than is achieved in Civilization V. Civilization V has aquired so much experience from it's predecessor sequels, new features from the current designing crew, and fan support that it creates the most perfect game to date. This game has such simple rules, and yet I have spent more time on this game than any other game discussing strategy, debating effectiveness of tactics, researching real world leaders and how they came to power; it houses an incredible description of wonders, geography, civilizations, and history that just by playing this game I know more about our world than most people I know. There is an unquestionable lack of flaw in this game. I dread the day a more perfect game than this one comes out because I will miss it due to the fact that I will be busy playing Civilization V. The above is only my thoughts on the Vanilla game. Civilization V: Gods & Kings, along with Civilization V: Brave New World made my greatest nightmare come true: there is a game better than Civilization V. Fortunately for me, it happens to not interfere because the DLC only replaces the game. Double fortunately, I still get to play Vanilla Civilization V when I do multiplayer. All of the last games' features (ie. religion) are reinstated in the Gods & Kings expansion, as well as more nations creating a wider audience appeal. Brave New World, however, was a different source of genius as instead of uncovering the lost covenant and restoring it to a modern setting like Gods & Kings did, Brave New World made Civilization V a more perfect game by creating more pearls of gaming eccelence. A more fluid combat system, even more civilizations, resources, units, technologies and a World Congress help Civilization V garner a new level of epic gaming supremacy. And on top of it, the developers cared enough for their audience to add it as DLC, and not make an entirely new game out of it like so many consul producers do to their customers. In addition, more maps and scenarios were added in various DLCs, adding icing to the icing on the icing on the cake. There is now officially no reason why any computer gamer should not have or dislike this game. It is worth far more than the set amount, especially if you wait for the Steam Summer Sale like I did and get every upgrade to Gold Edition and get every DLC for $10.00.
game-hours: 322.3
review: Here's a little warning for other players like me: the game is still heavily reliant on war. Whether or not you want to play peacefully, you're going to need a defensive army. Unless, of course, you disable any barbarians and force permanent peace via the options/World Builder menus. Trying a diplomatic approach is futile, as every leader that isn't your ally will eventually turn on you, even if you provide their empire one of every resource, luxury, and 300 gold per turn. They will denounce you and usually declare war on you within a couple turns. Trying a cultural victory calls for a serious defensive army, as well. In fact, no matter what sort of victory you aim to achieve with your empire, blood must be shed. It was a bit disappointing, as I've been getting sick of games like Command and Conquer Generals: Zero Hour and Empire: Total War. I was told you could play CivV as a peaceful nation, but I've found it impossible without changing some settings... but that's not very realistic. Aside from my complaints about the inevitability of bloodshed in this game, this makes for an overall great game. It requires you to plan out your attacks, gather resources, research technologies, settle new cities, adopt foreign policies, befriend/destroy city-states, trade with/blockade other empires, make militiristic cities, make cultural cities, make scholarly cities, make productive cities, build your own trade routes, annex foreign cities, raze or puppet foreign cities, and force barbarians into extinction. To me, the most unique part was going from the ancient era to the future era. Evolving my civilization's technology was very interesting. If you like strategy games that go beyond having bigger units than your enemies, this is for you. If you want a more political game that you can play, trying to avoid war, you might want to get all the DLC. Or play SimCity or something.
game-hours: 55.2
review: Solid.
game-hours: 478.3
review: Simply one of my all time favourites.
game-hours: 24.4
review: This game is what every city-building games wishes to be. Also, the graphics are beautiful and there is a combat system that doesn't suck in a city-building/strategy game.
game-hours: 0.2
review: i am sure the game is great but i cant get it to work on my computer. not to happy that i buy aa game from a store with the disc and product key but have to run it through this steam program. all they want to do is sell me stuff. if i wanted to buy from them i would have downloaded the steam program and not went to the store.
game-hours: 232.5
review: This game is glorious, but it should not be billed as Steam Play exactly, because multiplayer fails to launch if a PC and a Mac are in the same game.
game-hours: 63.8
review: if you like this type of game then how come you aren't buying it and reading this instead!
game-hours: 202.7
review: Through the course of many playthroughs of this one particular game, I have come to realize something about myself. I am a very cruel, saddistic dictator who has no problem destroying all other civilizations so my own can prosper. I nuked one of my allies once my civilization had discovered uranium without a second thought and took over all of their land, citizens, and completely desecrated their culture and religion to instill my own ideas and a personal religion I hath dubbed "Sarahisawesome". I still have no qualms about backstabbing but if someone backstabs me, they'd better watch out! So if you're interested in finding out what kind of ruler you are and whether or not your people will advocate and support your decisions, pick up a copy and discover your inner thirst for power and warmongering! Trust me, this is better than those sad little personality tests online and you'll have fun witnessing your rise to power and the ultimate fall of your enemies...or the opposite if you turn out to be a crappy leader. SO UNLOCK YOUR DESTINY!!!
game-hours: 650.6
review: Good game. Fun, basic strategy game. Good addition to the series.
game-hours: 116.3
review: If you like to game while intoxicated, this is the game for you! It can be played with one hand! What more can an alcoholic gamer ask for! Please note: prospects of victory depend on a ratio of level of intoxication divided by level of difficulty.
game-hours: 57.3
review: Very fun. Best Civ game so far.
game-hours: 808.1
review: AMAZING
game-hours: 547.8
review: Some people have compared this game to other strategy games such as Empire Earth and Age of Empires, however I see Civ as cocaine and other strategy games as flour. Sure, they're both white powders which you can snort, however which one is going to keep you up til 2o'clock in the morning wanting more?
game-hours: 43.3
review: Very addicting and interesting , if you want a casual gameplay play on prince difficulty , if you want an real strategic gmaeplay play on Emperor :)
game-hours: 151.1
review: godly and retardely addictive
game-hours: 149.7
review: Brilliant game loads of fun with friends
game-hours: 97.8
review: Hatch an evil plan to dominate the world, control the land and kill everyone! Or just get beat to death by a horde of Barbarians as you struggle to research about the Wheel. Such realism. 8.5/10
game-hours: 95.1
review: (:
game-hours: 1021.8
review: This is my first Civilization game. It took me a couple hours to really get the hang of it, but now I am completely addicted. I like that you can win several different ways. This is a nice change from having to kill everyone else on a map. I also like that ability to adjust the game speed so I can play a game in a few hours or few days. I highly recommend this if you like turn based strategy.
game-hours: 117.8
review: Simply Amazing
game-hours: 183.9
review: You can end a war by giving all your cities to another empire, or win one with the power of religion. So yeah.
game-hours: 17.7
review: DIS IS SHIIIIT MAAN!!
game-hours: 79.3
review: Really fun game for war strategy and on top of that it gives alot of interesting facts from that time
game-hours: 139.0
review: Great and Fun Game to play.... love every minute in game!
game-hours: 655.9
review: All the Civilization games are worth the time. Who doesn't love an awesome Turn-based Strategy game? However, the developers should have spent more time of getting this game more stable, especially in Multiplayer.
game-hours: 27.4
review: This game is a total time suck. And I mean that in a good way. When I start playing, I want to keep playing for hours on end. I find it very hard to turn off in the middle of a game and save it for later. I need to see what will happen on the next turn, and the next, and the next... The different scenarios keep things fresh. My favorite is the steampunk scenario in the Gods & Kings expansion.
game-hours: 337.8
review: Absolutely fantastic, addictive game. It blends the classic likes of Sim City with the Command & Conquer series to deliver an engaging, fun experience that you won't be able to look away from!
game-hours: 11.2
review: Fastastic game! I have not been disappointed by any game in this series.
game-hours: 1129.0
review: This game is so addicting. If you are a fan of tun based strategy games this is a must have. It is enjoyable to play both single and mulitplayer games. If you are not familar with turn base strategy games then this is a good place to start. But I must warn you: you will become addicted!
game-hours: 158.9
review: This game is one of - if not the- best strategy games on steam. It's vibrant, exciting, and has near infinite replayability.
game-hours: 563.4
review: As you can probably tell, from the number of hours put into this game (550 at time of writing this), I enjoy this game. But then, I do like a good strategy game, and Sid Meier titles usually deliver on that. Civ 5 takes the formula of the first 4 in the series and refines it into a sleek, glossy, next gen-feeling game; Civ 4 all grown up, if you will. New civilizations available to play, a plethora of new gameplay and map generation options, a quality soundtrack, revamped multiplayer, and delicious visuals are just the icing on the proverbial cake. However, I do feel that the user mods don't always integrate as well as they should, and the absence of an integrated SDK (like civ 4 had) is lamentable. But hey, nothing's perfect.
game-hours: 66.1
review: Improvement on the definitive civilisation building game. Move to hexagonal tiles makes an interesting dynamic.
game-hours: 230.1
review: Great!
game-hours: 159.2
review: I feel as though the best way to describe this game is Risk on steroids
game-hours: 54.5
review: ITS GOOD
game-hours: 114.1
review: Excellent game. I guess when something gets as much praise from the community as this game has done and continues to so, it's well deserved. Perhaps my one complaint is that there are not many shipped scenarios; I personally do not like playing against human opponents (I don't trust my skill all that much, I suppose). For more scenarios one must pay a pretty hefty price for the DLC (which of course, despite the price tag, are worth the money). All in all, 4.5 out of 5.
game-hours: 733.1
review: This game is full of s. Countless s. 10/10
game-hours: 69.8
review: a very good game that lives up to its nickname, just on more turn the game. you can realy loose track of time while playing it. and if your the military type like me, then you will realy enjoy the giant death robots. also caesar is a jerk, kill him first.
game-hours: 648.4
review: played more of this than i should have
game-hours: 68.9
review: wife finally let me get this, i'm gonna miss her
game-hours: 226.0
review: One of the finest, most addictive releases ever. The core game was lacking, but with the expansion packs, it is the best Civilzation game released to date.
game-hours: 722.9
review: Amazing game!
game-hours: 147.2
review: The only game where fascism is fun. 10/10
game-hours: 405.3
review: game sucks.. if you come even close to being a viable civilization, the game will give you  maps and no resources.. typical sid meyers game. I played 2 and loved it, played 3 and burned it in fireplace. skipped 4 and should have skipped 5. oh, I should add I have played games since my first one, the bards tale on my old IBM with no ram, only 2 7' flopies. lot of games have gone by the board since then and I played a lot of hours on useless ones and fun ones. other than master of orion 2 and civ 2, the sid meyer games have been by far the worst games I have ever played.
game-hours: 55.9
review: This series is still the only one that makes me absolutely loose track of time. If you like 4x games at all this is a more than worthy addition to the Civ series.
game-hours: 172.6
review: fun enuf, wish there wasn't as much DLC tho.
game-hours: 130.7
review: As any other Civilization game, the fifth installation serves to bolster the aleady excellent and unique game style only available in Sid Meier's Civilization V. Building on previous games success' while balancing out technology, wonders and new strategies that change the game in far reaching ways from the previous, Civilization IV. Though the base game has done away with religion, new paths have been added to more specialize your civilization, various "perk trees", if you will, such as Liberty, Piety or Exploration to name a few. It was with the two expansion packs, religion was brought back into the picture, as well as ideologies your nation may adopt in late game play. Along with these new perks, city states have been introduced as well, allowing for many trade oppritunities, allies, resources and even a few extra votes in the world congress to pass measures such as a World Fair or Prohibition of a certain resource. Along with this, the combat system seems to have had an upgrade, smoothing out combat and giving way to new stategy during war and combat. Any looking for an excellent 4x stategy game that will leave you wanting just one, more turn... Civilization V is the way to go.
game-hours: 59.1
review: good game mannnnn
game-hours: 178.6
review: If you like Strategy games you'll love this!
game-hours: 1585.5
review: After more than 1300 hours, not a bad game and now I just added BNW...
game-hours: 292.2
review: Good game, when I start a game I can't stop, kinda addicting.
game-hours: 345.1
review: I love this game ^^
game-hours: 66.8
review: amazing game, makes you feel like you're actually experiencing history!
game-hours: 600.9
review: Gandhi nuked the  out of me 10/10
game-hours: 235.6
review: A little bird told to me: "Go! Go, socialize, talk to those fine leaders! AND THEN KILL EVERY LAST ONE OF THEM, DROP THE NUKES INTO THEIR LANDS WHEN THEY ARE NOT LOOKING AND THEN BURN THEIR CITES TO THE GROUND!!!" Well that silly, isn't it? Hahahahahahahahah...
game-hours: 1588.1
review: Playing Civilization seriously harms you and others around you.
game-hours: 116.3
review: Such game, much amaze. Wow.
game-hours: 106.5
review: Awesome game . Worth EVERY penny. Civ 5 ftw
game-hours: 454.8
review: sooooo many hours poured into this game, I've forgotten what the Sun looks like
game-hours: 140.4
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V is another great installment in the CIvilization Series. Continuing with the theme of its predecessors, Civ V focuses on building a civilization from the time of our ancestors to beyond our modern world. The game takes an immense amount of strategy and you will find yourself constantly analyzing the situation. Fortunately, the game is turn based, so you can always take the time you need to plan out your actions. Although it may lack constant action, the game will please any player looking for a strategic challenge. Civ V requires you to manage many aspects of a civilization, from controlling your population to claiming resources to religion. The game is extremely detailed which is what makes it so enjoyable. Playing Civ V always give a good satifactory feeling due to how relieved you will feel when you discover that finally a game actually took into account all of the little aspects in a set scenario. All in all, Civ V is a great game for all strategy enthusiasts, and I recommend to all.
game-hours: 164.9
review: BEST GAME EVAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 71.5
review: I think this games is what it is and isn't what it isn't. This game is a Strategy game that you can get lost in for hours. The Charators are very well do and the game just feels complete. You really can't go wrong buying this game. However, if you want a game that will put you on the edge of you seat this is not the game for you. This game moves slow and nothing really happens quickly. For example it takes at lease 7 turns to take a city. But this game does what it does so well I think its worth ever cent.
game-hours: 91.4
review: Hard Monoploy
game-hours: 103.2
review: Great game.
game-hours: 16.8
review: Great game. Very indepth andd quite extensive research tree's. By far the best Civ yet.
game-hours: 1811.8
review: Best turn-by-turn strategy game ever made - in all of its various connotations (from the original through Colonization - which I miss terribly & Alpha Centari - which, I believe, will soon be replaced quite well by the upcoming "Beyond Earth"). Easily learned by playing the tutorial, it allows players to learn at the easy levels and gives great opportunity to beginning players to advance at their own pace. I recommend this game to all who like this type of gaming experience.
game-hours: 252.8
review: It's like drugs in game form. Superbly easy to get addicted to, insanely hard to quit and uncanningly easy to fall back into if you somehow managed to quit (it's like gravity, all it takes is a push). On top of that, it's extremely detrimental to your health and social life. 10/10, would give up life again.
game-hours: 121.3
review: This game is amazing! It is for sure my favorite strategy game of all time! The options of what you want to do with your empire is unlimited, you can conquer the world with an iron fist or let the arts flourish among your people. Some things I would want to change but nothing you can't fix with a mod or two. i would definitely recommend this game.
game-hours: 66.1
review: One of the most frustrating games I have ever played. But in a good way.
game-hours: 292.0
review: One of the best strategy games out there.
game-hours: 43.6
review: Easily one of, if not the BEST strategy games I have ever played, owning all the DLC, I believe I've experienced enough of the game, even playing alone, to have a fair opinion. The game has excellent balance in vanilla, some civs could stand to be a little less powerful (Babylon and a few others), but besides that, the game handles each civ's uniqueness well. Each civ has a unique unit which is ONLY useful in one era, during that era, your civ will undoubtedly have an edge, particularly in military dealings, but after and before, you are on par because everyone always has access to the same tech. Outside of combat, each civ also has a preferred playstyle, from militaristic to entirely passive, but you aren't obligated to play this way unless you desire to make the most of your civ's passive effects. Another excellent feature is the warmonger penalty, a system which penalizes you for capturing your opponents cities with increased aggression from City States, minor NPC controlled cities not in the game to win. The only major flaw is that the game is not particularly noob friendly, playing at the medium difficulty (4 out of 8), a new player in their first game will likely fall behind quickly, so it pays to look up some basic strategy before beginning.
game-hours: 449.5
review: outstanding. wish the deplomacy was as good as older versions. ; )
game-hours: 83.4
review: one more turn = one more night
game-hours: 146.8
review: A great example of where PC gaming excels. This game caters to everyone and their respective styles of play. Also fun for single and multiplayer - "a must have".
game-hours: 54.1
review: I have one thing to say about this game..... nukes
game-hours: 258.4
review: This game is absoulutely amazing. In singleplayer, the game is very immersive and you feel like a leader of your naton, eager to lead your civilization to glory. And in multiplayer, this game is full of diplomacy, betrayal, forged alliances and secret deals that make the game an absolute laugh. My only complaint is that even on quickest game speed, a full game with friends will take you several weeks to complete and unless you and all your friends are completely dedicated, you will likely get bored before game end. If you like these kind of turn based stratergy/nation builder kind of games and have a group of friends who do too, get this game for sure.
game-hours: 316.2
review: hell yea  dis go hard as hell flocka i will suck big  team  all day and week month year and century i love big naps D I C K S Q U A D
game-hours: 184.5
review: Do like fun? Do you hate yourself? YOU DO NOW. This game is some sort of magical time sink that melts your exsistance away. It will be 3am before you realize how much time you put into it.
game-hours: 372.2
review: Not only do I learn something new everytime I play, but I can't stop playing!
game-hours: 439.2
review: much gud
game-hours: 123.1
review: An exciting strategy game with endless randomly generated map that will give you hours of fun gameplay. A game full of action and entertainment that lets you build an kingdom from the dawn of human existance. Civilization is a great pastime for those who desire to be the leader of a thriving empire which can "stand the test of time".
game-hours: 47.6
review: I can't even count how many times I said I'd play a "short" game of Civilization V and landed up staying up all night! It's just that addicting.
game-hours: 29.2
review: So... I HATE this game. I hate the turn based style, I hate the look, I hate the features, but mostly I hate how much fun I have with it. The addiction this game can give you is amazing. That "One more turn" addiction. Any one game can take almost half a day to finish. I love it, I hate it,  you Sid Meier. This is a great game, but it takes a lot to get into and understand how to play. I would recommend look up videos for pointser on how to best maximize your efficiency. These games aren't for the faint of heart. Though, I will recommend it to people who like to delve deep into a games mechanics. I haven't got Brave New World yet, which I hear changes the game a lot to more fun. But that only furthers my worries. I have a love/hate relationship with this series. You'll start at 5PM but when you look at the time later, it can be 3 AM. You lose yourself in the addiction. I loved the variety of elements to the game. I could go on and on during this review. Just be warned, Time Flies.
game-hours: 74.3
review: Awesome strategy game. Reccomended to anyone who wants to create their own empire from nothing and then Nuke the  out of Ghandi.
game-hours: 253.7
review: AWESOME SAUCE!
game-hours: 151.4
review: play this soo much... its awesome
game-hours: 891.7
review: Anfangs einfach total anders als Civ IV, daher total ungewohnt, aber inzwischen mag ich nicht mehr zurck.
game-hours: 28.1
review: ok so great game ive had it before and thought why not get again on steam however i was not going to pay 30$ for a game that i bought 2 years ago for the same price so while i was at game stop last night buying an xbox game for my daughter i saw civs V sitting there all alone by itsself and a big shiny price tag of 7.49$ so i figured well damn if i can buy it for that price why cant everyone else dont get me wrong the game is soo worth 30$ but why pay more going to gamestop and buying a digital copy for steam saved me 22$ just thought i would pass this info on enjoy ur games have fun
game-hours: 43.5
review: It's Amaaaaaazing.
game-hours: 179.0
review: Absolutely amazing!!
game-hours: 425.4
review: Today is Civ 5 the best turn-based strategy on the market. Especially when you have both major DLCs - Gods & Kings and Brave New World. It has literally everything - epic battles, diplomatic schemes, spying, relgious conflicts, exploring "never the same" maps and the right feeling that you are the real emperor leading your nation to the greatness.
game-hours: 115.4
review: This is such a good 4X game, although nostalgia keeps from ranking it higher than Civ4. Definitely worth the purchase.
game-hours: 32.6
review: gg
game-hours: 595.2
review: I've played this game so much that I feel obliged to make a review of it. Civ V is absolotely amazing. It's the best strategy game I've ever played. If you're new to Civ, start with this game. This game, plus expansion packs and mods, is one of the best gaming experiences I've ever had. If you want recommended mods, message me. Once you start playing, you won't be able to stop.
game-hours: 47.4
review: This is not a game. This is art.
game-hours: 4.5
review: I have no idea what I'm doing. Alexander is a . Pharoh is too friendly. 11/10
game-hours: 131.4
review: One of my favorite games and I love to play it.
game-hours: 344.6
review: The second game (Skyrim was first) I ever bought, Sid Meir's Civilization V is an easy to play, enjoyable game packed with desperate wars, ploitical schemes, uncaring warlords, and future technology. Did I mention is has nukes?
game-hours: 115.6
review: If the Bible is the greatest story ever told then this is the greatest game ever played. The game is great although waiting for a 75% sale is sugested as for any game, although for 20 its still a great price. The game becomes better with more freinds, playing multiplayer is no hastle just create a lobby and invite them! DLC is recomended but not initialy as it takes a while to learn the concepts of the game and DLC's add alot more features. I would definitely recommend for any of my friends. Prawn156.
game-hours: 158.3
review: A very fun game. I can spend hours and hours of enjoyment on a single game (set to the fastest settings)
game-hours: 741.5
review: The biggest time-sink since WoW. Exemplary game.
game-hours: 36.3
review: This game is a great simulation strategy. It keeps you on your heels and doesn't get boring!
game-hours: 464.3
review: This game ruins your life. 10/10 :)
game-hours: 36.7
review: This is FREAKING AMAZING I LUV IT :D :D :D :D
game-hours: 103.3
review: Great game, especially with Gods and Kings Add on
game-hours: 72.8
review: dlc   ....   ... ........!!!! !!     .
game-hours: 28.9
review: One does not simply play just 1 hour of this. it'll ruin your life 11/10
game-hours: 387.4
review: I've now played Civilization V for a year and I both enjoy and have things I dislike this game for. As a whole the game is nothing more than a significant concept. The depth of the game isn't that deep but the spirit of the original shines in this game. With a community and steam-workshop the game has unlimited content for free. It's a must buy for those that likes to relax and play, I wouldn't recommend to play this with someone else but it's a good option nonetheless. Everytime this game gets highlighted I come back to it and play some more, like now. It's out on Linux/SteamOS and I am playing some more because of it. It's a game you easily forget but a game you easily come back to as well.
game-hours: 158.2
review: Just the right level of complexity. Beautiful and amazing.
game-hours: 71.1
review: Honestly this is one of the best strategy games out there, I love the style and their attention to details when it comes to the different playable factions. The music is absolutely fenomenal and the graphics are great, maybe not crysis, but it's great for what kind of game this is. Asbolutely recommended for anyone who loves strategy games which involve more than just warfare. An important thing to note is that if you're looking for an RTS like C&C or StarCraft 2, then go somewhere else, this is turn based, just like it should be.
game-hours: 157.3
review: Ghandi is the boy.
game-hours: 137.7
review: poop
game-hours: 133.0
review: play this if ur smart enough :]
game-hours: 247.8
review: Awesome Game
game-hours: 177.1
review: A brilliant game. GET IT.
game-hours: 62.3
review: Just.. one.. more.. turn... 20/10
game-hours: 9.0
review: Very enjoyable for hours of fun (literally). I only played this game yesterday and today, I already have 5 hours on it! I like strategy games, but this has to be my favorite yet. I have Civilization III (and enjoyed it), but this is even more fun with enhanced graphics and techniques. I haven't tried online yet, but I am going to stick with single player for now.
game-hours: 100.9
review: ghandi gets drunk and eats you
game-hours: 28.1
review: Very good game 10/10. Everytime I want to quit or even pause for a moment I always say one more turn and turns out to be 50 more. Go buy if you dont have it already!
game-hours: 1218.3
review: Civ forever
game-hours: 31.2
review: Excellent game, though it takes forever.
game-hours: 172.3
review: First of all i am a HUGE fun of the game since the VERY FIRST Cilivization ... now about ver V : graphics look good - but the game is SO COMPLICATED and the CONTROLS are so hidden that if i did't already know the shortcuts i would have missed on half the option!!! Panthen->religion->paths.. so many govermnet types with so so many different options ... already tired explaining ..bye
game-hours: 113.8
review: I like the game a lot. It is very entertaining to me because I love seeing famous ancient people going to war, being my friend, or going to space. Especially the older civs that got wiped out or changed to a different culture/name like the Aztecs, it's funny to see them go to space or shoot guns. Overall, the game is a wonderful experience. I definetely got my money's worth.
game-hours: 149.2
review: vary good game with there were better dlc but the game is fun to play
game-hours: 31.3
review: this is a good strategy-turnbased game were you start as a great leader of a civilization. even though it is a very good game by it self i would recomend getting th expansion pack brave new world as it adds lots of new and interesting content
game-hours: 84.8
review: Very meow game
game-hours: 135.4
review: One word.....Great
game-hours: 729.4
review: The best Turn-Based Strategy ever.
game-hours: 196.2
review: It is a great game that has a great ambiance and a lot to learn despite it being simplified for newer people to Civ. However, it will waste your life when you realize that you've been spending 5 hours straight on one game.
game-hours: 75.2
review: My mum came home with this instead of Theif, and I was really dissapointed. Now, I can't stop playing! It keeps you hooked with it's many different aspects of playing, and no two games are the same.
game-hours: 25.5
review: This game is dangerous! woke up around 11, made me some coffee started playing. Feeling hungry! It's 17, like wtf. Eat, start playing again. And boom it is now 23 ?? So that was a whole day gone.
game-hours: 69.2
review: Great Linux port of an already great game. The base game is great, but the Brave New World makes it even better. Thanks for porting to Linux!
game-hours: 56.1
review: awsome and amazing
game-hours: 239.0
review: Civilization 5 is a terrific game but it had a few problems the turn timer sometimes broke and when switching views it would leave the textures blank sometimes and a few other problems other than that it is a great game
game-hours: 223.0
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V is one of the best games I have ever played.
game-hours: 140.7
review: time to go to bed,... just one more turn,... and you see the sun rise again. 10/10
game-hours: 30.1
review: This game will absorb hours of your life. 10/10
game-hours: 43.8
review: Great turn based strategy game, they removed the issue with stacking units from older Civilization games and some new improvements to gameplay, but DLCs are way too expensive.. they cost more than the base game...
game-hours: 518.0
review: Simply perfect. The 2 big DLCs are like a new game each, like the original game wasn't awesome enough.
game-hours: 510.2
review: !
game-hours: 958.2
review: This game is cool. You should buy it.
game-hours: 217.6
review: Best time sink ever. I spend way more time than I playing it than I should. Can not recommend any higher.
game-hours: 499.8
review: I will never get sick of this game. Recently featured on NPR as a game adults should play.
game-hours: 212.4
review: Sid Meier's Civ 5 is a great game for people who enjoy playing strategy games and trying to out play their opponents while the multiplayer is a bit glitchy at times with large amounts of people it's still very enjoyable to be a part of all in all the game is very worthwhile to play or at least check out.
game-hours: 745.0
review: This is an amazing game if you like strategy.
game-hours: 667.0
review: Good game, as can be expected from any evolution in the series. But the excitement is very much slowing. One huge hole in this game is the terrible networking options, with no ability to play co-op with friends against the AI. Overall some enjoyment can be had here, but I expect much more from this series.
game-hours: 176.3
review: Holy smokes. Much better than I expeted.
game-hours: 2.8
review: Like 4X games? Don't know what they are? Probably won't enjoy this. I like them though!
game-hours: 832.6
review: While I enjoyed Civ IV, Civ V is much more the "just one more turn" addiction I'm familiar with from the original game. The change to hex from grid makes a huge change in gameplay and city planning, and is a welcome addition. Culture as a "tech tree" adds another dimension to the game and I find myself caring much more about diplomacy than ever before. If there's any real "gotcha" with Civ V, it's the design updates from Firaxis. While I can appreciate trying to improve the overall play, they've made significant modifications to game elements since launch that have changed the game. This is the kind of development mentality that can anger a playerbase--it's not something an MMO company would take so lightly. Beyond that, I'm heading towards 300 hours over the first year and plan on playing many hours more.
game-hours: 211.6
review: This game is awesome! Both Multipalyer and singleplayer are great. You can play online with teams of friends. And also help each other out by sharing and trading! In single player you can do that too, but not as easily, they have to be your ally. This is a great game that I recommend truly. One of my favorites.
game-hours: 234.8
review: To much fun right here.
game-hours: 69.4
review: Better than butt plugs
game-hours: 116.5
review: I'm not usually a turn-based game player, but I really like this one
game-hours: 214.1
review: It's like you're playing God, but more sadistic and warmongering.
game-hours: 82.9
review: it is the best stragity game i have ever played, it looks so good, plays soooooo well, and the best part is that there is more that one way to win, makeing it mandatory to keep up the every thing(i have some problems with that). it is a must buy
game-hours: 89.8
review: It is awesome!
game-hours: 365.6
review: I like that Gandhi will nuke you. 10/10
game-hours: 115.2
review: maybe just one more turn.... mmmm just one more. wait why is it 4 in the morning now.
game-hours: 322.8
review: This might be one of the finest games I've played, and I don't get sick of it, even that I have played it a long time with no stop. Mostly fun with friends, but also fun alone, since all the rounds you play are different. So this is a 9.5/10.
game-hours: 1584.8
review: Great depth and repeatability. A lot of games are good one time through, but this one can be replayed many times. I've been playing this franchise since the first version. Highly recommended.
game-hours: 9.3
review: A very good strategic game but requires a lot of patience and time. Gripping adventure to conquer nations in peaceful or war ways. A must have for strategic awe.
game-hours: 57.2
review: Very addictive, 34 hours logged in 3 or 4 sessions. Gandhi nuked me 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 378.2
review: Note: This is based on Civ5 Complete, which means it's mostly based on the Brave New World expansion. Start off as a small tribe exploring your surroundings and end with a globe spanning empire that can strive for a diplomatic world peace, leave earth to explore the stars, or leave its enemies in fallout coated destruction. Wars will break out, allies will stab each other in the back, and the AI nations will dogpile their armies against you for the slightest reason. On higher difficulties you learn to either start off fighting or get crushed by your opponents. After a while you figure out how the AI works and you can use it to your advantage, then you'll have Montezuma attacking the French for you while you're busy buying votes for the next U.N. delegation. When Civ5 first came out I didn't particularly want it. After what was probably thousands of hours spent in Civ4, the changes like removing stackable units and a hexagon-based tilemap seemed crazy. Eventually though Civ5 and the expansions went cheap, and now it's another game I can't put away. Each civ has its own unique empire ability which makes them more unique compared to Civ4's personalities. Then social policies and faith can add extra bonuses to shape the empire to your desires. City states can boost your economy with trade or be easy pickings for your army to conquer. The inability to trade maps and technology seems a bit weird, so you need to be sure you're running strong in the tech race or you'll get left in the dust. Spies can help a bit, but they can only do so much on their own. Around the industrial era and beyond the units get much stronger and your peasants with swords and spears are gonna get gunned down quickly by gattling guns. The modding community is strong, so many complaints about the game have mods that fix or remove them *cough*WarmongerHatred*cough* and add in any wacky or historical civilization you want. Finally you can bring your fantasy of crushing Hitler's armies as the Dark Lord Sauron by using uranium powered mechs provided by Toronto. Overall I totally recommend this game, just keep an eye on the time or you'll lose a lot of sleep.
game-hours: 230.1
review: This game used to suck before the brave new world expansion pack, well now that its here let me edit my review: You start off with just a settler and a warrior, found your first city and you click the next turn button. First, you will be struggling in a war against barbarians who won't stop kidnapping your citizens and raiding your territories. That will be your main struggle for the first 20 turns. Next, comes religion. You will try as much as you can sending your missionaries to your neighbors trying to spread your religion, the problem is, your neighbor will not like that. This may lead to a war, or, as it usually happens to me, remains a missionary war. After religion comes ideology. You will be struggling to survive your neighbors waves of ideological propaganda that may lead to civil disorder or a revolution. War often happens at this time, and the entire world is under a state of emergency. Nobody likes anyone who doesn't follow his/her ideology. At this same time, there is also a diplomatic war. You will be struggling to maintain your influence on city-states in order to hold the most delegates at the World congress. Or, you can choose the science path, where you will race to build a spaceship and launch it.
game-hours: 5.3
review: If you like games like Civ (Age of Empires..vs) you need to try this game. This game is awesome. 10/10
game-hours: 2.6
review: Hated strategy games before playing this amazing game. 10/10!
game-hours: 96.9
review: 10/10 Gandhi declared war on me XD
game-hours: 29.6
review: Very fun and well made turn based strategy. Lacks a bit on variety departement, still 9/10.
game-hours: 163.1
review: Its the comprehensive startegy game, if you havent already played it, slap yourself in the face then buy it. You wont regret it (the game that is, you may regret the slap in the face)
game-hours: 4.6
review: In Civilization V the game play is simply amazing. It's short, sweet, and simple graphics allows the player to focus on the strategy aspect of the game and not so much the exploring aspect; yet it still allows the player to see beautiful scenery. 5/5
game-hours: 68.3
review: This game in very many ways feels unfinished. Most parts of the tutorials & guides seem to fall short. There are parts at which multiple voice overs play at the same time. I appreciate them shaking up core mechanics of the civ series, but don't appreciate it in an unfinished game
game-hours: 45.9
review: This is no mere game, it is a method for travelling forward in time ... while destroying spearmen with your tanks. Time travel: 10/10 Time wasting:10/10 Historical accuracy 112/10
game-hours: 201.6
review: Fun game for cool kids. Give me my steam badge.
game-hours: 126.6
review: Civ is love, Civ is life
game-hours: 225.5
review: This was the game that got me to want to use steam, it is really fun and is easy to keep playing game after game, I have not been bored of it yet. While it is fun to play on your own, try to get some friends on to make it even better.
game-hours: 66.6
review: one of the best games i have ever seen!
game-hours: 49.4
review: time killer
game-hours: 19.0
review: gg
game-hours: 67.0
review: ing barbariubs
game-hours: 218.7
review: Probably the best game on my steam account. 10/10 would nuke again.
game-hours: 147.9
review: Civ 5 is a brilliant game full of strategy and managment. 10/10
game-hours: 369.9
review: great game. show the history from your side
game-hours: 1105.2
review: Great game
game-hours: 76.4
review: BEST TIME SINK EVER ! no rly, just one more turn. prices of single addons and dlcs can simply be considered as greedy
game-hours: 929.1
review: Hours of fun!
game-hours: 268.9
review: have been playing for years and have never got bored of it, it is a must buy!!
game-hours: 481.1
review: I would LIKE to recommend this game, however STEAM is USELESS and does not allow it to be PLAYED for me anymore. STEAM does nothing to solve this problem. FIRAXIS does nothing to solve the problem so I Would NOT SUGGEST THIS GAME AS THESE TWO COMPANIES SUCK GARGANTUAN P3N15's instead of supporting the game and servers on which the game is run.
game-hours: 17.7
review: Great game. A lot of hours you will spend in building, making war, diplomacy and management.
game-hours: 460.6
review: I really enjoy this game. So will you.
game-hours: 58.1
review: Hours of fun!
game-hours: 506.9
review: Die hard civilization fan here so the only thing i can complain about is the inflated price of the dlc packs, i really want the new brave new world dlc but 30 bucks for 1 dlc is kinda ridiculous especially with civ6 scheduled to be released next year. i already bought the game and all dlc available seperately, So i have already spent more on this game than the price of the combo. On top of that i didnt get some scenario games with some of the earlier dlc and a few of the civ's, i tried steam and civ support and they each blamed the other and ended up giving up after fruitless hours of customer service. Awesome game but the support sucks from steam.
game-hours: 265.1
review: dlcs op plz nerf
game-hours: 171.8
review: Inmersive experience. Makes hours fly. Unleash your inner dictator :D
game-hours: 132.3
review: So many hours wasted by just one more click. Would recommend to anyone, anytime.
game-hours: 80.3
review: :)
game-hours: 180.6
review: Great game!! perfect way to kill acouple hours.
game-hours: 101.1
review: I'd write a review, but, im busy playing Civ V. So sorry about that.
game-hours: 67.8
review: Things I Liked: Great, realistic look Hexagonal tiles introduced - more chances to surround, flank, and generally strategise against individual troops and cities Options - so many options with construction, research, use of land, placement of cities and troops, and so much more Expansions - two DLCs are out - Gods and Kings and Brave New World, with a third on its way. Doesn't get dull, even over long periods of time Single player's good - even without internet this game is pretty fun Multiplayer is really good - hours and hours more fun to be had here Active and Passionate modding community - can only be used effectively in single player, but there are a few gems to find here Things I Didn't: Games are LONG - we're talking 24-36 hours for a large map (2 players, 22 NPCs) Can be difficult to just 'jump' into - better to get help from someone who knows the game Turn based - this could be annoying to some, but I don't mind it Sid Meiers' Civilization V was released in 2010, so it's amazing that the game's still up to date and people are still buying and playing it. There have been two DLCs released on the game, and both have kept the game fresh and current. I only have the vanilla game at the moment, but these DLCs may be reviewed another time. The premise of Civ V is a turn based strategy game in which you take on the role of a great leader of history. You have multiple means to victory - the typical domination (take every capital city in the world), science (have the highest tech level come 2050), culture (have the most culture at 2050) and can also be determined by many other factors (tiles owned, troops maintained, etc). There is no 'story mode' in single player or multiplayer, but games are possible to role play if you enjoy that sort of thing. It can also be difficult to just jump into the game without knowing anything about it - you may need to play the tutorial slowly and get your bearings, or get help from someone who knows the game well. It's definitely better to try some easy single player matches before throwing yourself into the multiplaying community. Civ V is a definite improvement of the Civilization series - (much) better graphics and hexagonal tiles (as opposed to squares) allows for more complex planning and many more strategic options. This game is good in single player, but multiplayer is where this game thrives, where hours upon hours upon hours of gameplay lie. There are always at least ten games going on in your area (country-wise) which means language gaps etc. are rarely come across. I've only played a few games myself, but I really enjoyed them, and so did everyone I played with (especially when Ghandi 'the war mongerer' declared war on (and defeated) the aztecs, who were a simple, peaceful folk. It's moments like that that keep the game entertaining, exciting, and interesting. Unfortunately, there is no voice chat in multiplayer, so to talk you either use the text box (for both private and public messages) or use Skype, Teamspeak etc. Overall, this game is a must own, with over 50 hours of gameplay in single player alone. It is sincerely recommended.
game-hours: 300.3
review: Lots of competitors, none do it as well. Hope you have a comfy seat.
game-hours: 64.8
review: Welcome to Civilization V! Where everyone wins by conquest and the points don't matter.
game-hours: 53.3
review: THE best, most addicting turn based RTS, city builder and mass empire controlling game ever! If you liked Civ IV you'll REALLY love this. Although you pretty much have to have DLC to play multiplayer matches because most people playing have all DLC, But playing with your friends is great if you all cant pay for DLC or whatever :) Graphics: 7/10 Gameplay: 9.5/10
game-hours: 97.3
review: the best game alive.
game-hours: 493.9
review: great game
game-hours: 20.5
review: This is a fantastic game that moves at the pace you want it to go at. You can shorten games or make them longer (I perfer the longer games) and you choose what happens to the people in your Civilization.
game-hours: 7.7
review: Great game, with in depth gameplay and multiple ways to win, so plenty of replayability.
game-hours: 200.1
review: i LUV it
game-hours: 213.7
review: I got the hell nuked out of me by Gandhi. 11/10
game-hours: 178.6
review: You can kill Gandhi 11/10 Kony Kush game of the year
game-hours: 1211.6
review: Civ V...just one more turn....
game-hours: 27.4
review: Should I explain more on how great this game is? Pros: -Random map, different people, full replayability -Tactical battle is always a plus -Running a country has never been this accurate Cons: -Unrealism in the game, such as a city producing one thing and Gandhi nukes me -I missed school for a few days after buying this game Worth: I bought it for $49.99 so it's $299.99 out of $49.99
game-hours: 173.9
review: buy it
game-hours: 259.2
review: I love everything about this game except how to long it takes to get achievements.
game-hours: 590.7
review: It's a fun game. Definitely sucks you in and you won't know how much time goes by when you're playing. If you're looking for something fast-paced this is not your game. If you're looking for a solid strategy game with tons of different playstyles then you should definitely try it out. The dlc's and mods also add quite a bit to the game if you get bored of vanilla.
game-hours: 34.3
review: 10/10 would not sleep again
game-hours: 1.1
review: You can't play online unless you buy all the DLC, bad game. That is all.
game-hours: 145.4
review: it is one of my favorites that challenges more that just a conquoring battling but stationing religion and also city assitance besides just yours.
game-hours: 621.7
review: The best strategy game ever played. Great on Multiplayer, great on single player, I recommend definately giving it a try AT LEAST.
game-hours: 12.4
review: yyyesssss its aaaaaawwwwsommmeeeeee
game-hours: 218.0
review: I've played 19 hours in 3 days with a full time job, if that's not glowing reccomendation I don't know what is!
game-hours: 227.1
review: I have lost entire weekends to this game, and I'm perfectly fine with that. 10/10 Excellent Game
game-hours: 161.3
review: George Washington offered one of persias captured cities and all of his goods before i nuked his major cities for the 15th time.
game-hours: 149.6
review: its good
game-hours: 63.3
review: Best strategy game i have ever play!!!
game-hours: 251.1
review: 10/10 would nuke everyone again.
game-hours: 237.7
review: What can i say so late about this game that most people have coverd besides me recommending it myself to someone. This game is not to be messed with it will fill your gaming life with hours of fun deserves more attention because its one of the greatest ive played besides a whole list of games out there well worth the hours of your life let alone your cash.
game-hours: 322.4
review: My favorite game of all time. I have wasted alot of my life playing this, so you can trust me when I say its good.
game-hours: 418.4
review: Love this this...
game-hours: 77.7
review: gud gaem 5/5 breddy gud
game-hours: 1461.9
review: Look at William's shoes lmbo
game-hours: 575.3
review: this is truly an amazing game
game-hours: 161.4
review: Ludicrously good game. But somehow manages to not be as good as previous installments. I love the game, but it feels somehow dumbed down.
game-hours: 1.0
review: Why my game always freeze after 5 minutes??????
game-hours: 71.0
review: soo many hours of nothing eqealas fun
game-hours: 46.7
review: I was a Civ Virgin going into V and have to say it didn't matter one bit - the design of this game makes it a pleasure to play for hours and hours and HOURS on end. BUT it has got some dodgy AI especially if you choose to be more aggressive in your world building with enemies seemingly appearing from nowhere or having an unfair advantage. If you're interested in strategy and want an engaging and fun experience then try this!
game-hours: 2477.1
review: There'll be some people doing some  and you'll be like aww naw  that  so you will build an army then do some ethnic cleansing and then someone else will be like 'you can't do that I declare war on you' and you'll be like aww naw  that  and nuke them with your stealth bombers cause they waited too long to declare war on you and you already are in space and they still play with sticks and stones and its like  yeah
game-hours: 327.7
review: Worst time-sucker ever.
game-hours: 57.7
review: Insanely addicting game.. and you can get it and the Gods & Kings xpac for cheaper via my GameFanShop than you can buy just Civ 5 for on Steam. The codes you get via my GameFanShop work on steam as well, here is the link:
game-hours: 100.8
review: I have sunk a lot of time into this game, by my standards at least. Completely reccommend to anybody who likes the genre.
game-hours: 1066.4
review: Super addicting. I've never played a game more than this one.
game-hours: 3.5
review: Just doing this for the badge. I'm terrible at this game, but it's pretty dope.
game-hours: 111.0
review: This is a game for everyone. It is so very addicting in the combinations of playing with each character. Additionally, changing the definitions of a cultural victory has increased the game length because there are no more quick and easy culture wins. The addition of trade routes make barbarians just that more annoying.
game-hours: 92.2
review: one of the most fun games i have ever play 10 out of 10 would buy again
game-hours: 257.2
review: love this bad boy
game-hours: 116.1
review: this  is n epic i get to play as my royal ancestor and kick
game-hours: 579.8
review: Fantastic game, Gods and Kings only adds balance to an already amazing experience. Highly recommend getting it if you like to watch something grow from your own works.
game-hours: 476.7
review: This game is one of the best strategy games I've ever played I recommend it to anyone who is a war buff or history fan or rts player
game-hours: 73.4
review: Fun strategy game
game-hours: 108.9
review: If you're a fan of turned based strategy games, this one will certainly not disappoint. I played and loved Civ4 and I consider this to be an upgrade, countless hours of "just one more turn" await.
game-hours: 19.8
review: Fun but often takes forever
game-hours: 3.7
review: good
game-hours: 16.8
review: I like this game. I like it a lot. Yes, Exellent.
game-hours: 82.8
review: This is one of my favorite games. I can wait to see what else they do with it. I'm hoping they expand quite a bit on the next expansion.
game-hours: 44.6
review: I can't believe how good and addicting this game is. I tried to play Freeciv in the past and never got how people could think that was addicting, but Civ V solved my main issue with it: there's too much to handle, but Civ V forces me to handle everything before ending my turn. And gosh, I'm playing with D. Pedro II!
game-hours: 13.5
review: Yes.
game-hours: 1424.3
review: Takes up all of my time. Thousands of hours wasted. Five out of five.
game-hours: 117.1
review: Hey I recommend this game!
game-hours: 142.2
review: Best game i have ever played! Only buy if you dont mind getting addicted to games!
game-hours: 16.9
review: This game is awesome. Got it for $10 when it went on sale with all the expansions and stuff. Great buy!
game-hours: 45.7
review: Great game fun to play, this was my first civ game and i love it! shame the DLC's are so expensive... But i recommend it to anyone who is thinking of getting this game.
game-hours: 29.7
review: must have especially with brave new world.
game-hours: 40.4
review: Must have game
game-hours: 34.1
review: i love this game
game-hours: 11.9
review: It a very nice stragegy game in my opinion
game-hours: 33.2
review: Before you purchase civ 5 weigh the pro's and con's--- Cons- -Your job may be lost, from lack of productivity due to day dreaming of civ5, or worst case, you'll be fired for job abandonment. -Your pets may die from starvation, unless they are resourceful and can find an alternative food and water source. -Your sex life may suffer, unless you've already gone celibate, or have a partner that also plays civ and will indulge you by the computer(yea right) -You will lose friends (diplomatic friendships in game don't really count) -you will see hex's in your sleep -bathing and personal hygiene are no longer priorities -getting good grades -going outside and seeing the sun(Can be supplemented by vitamin d) -using your legs. If these things don't bother/offend/apply to you, then yes immediatly purchase and play.
game-hours: 1091.9
review: after 1,000 more hours. Let me tell you this, it's good game.
game-hours: 193.5
review: I was going through a heartbreak when I bought this game. Now civ 5 is the only woman I need. 10/10
game-hours: 325.0
review: A haiku to Civ 5: What the f**k? How is it 2 AM already? Fine, just one more turn.
game-hours: 159.0
review: We must show them our peaceful, loving ways, by force
game-hours: 115.8
review: How Gandhi learned to stop worrying and love the bomb.
game-hours: 210.3
review: Absolutely love this game! Even better with Mods that increase additions in-game i.e wonders,buildings,units etc Dlc for it is an absolute must to really appreciate the full extent but also great without!
game-hours: 418.1
review: I love turn based strategy games and this is one of the best without containing too much detail like some of the other games. These type of games are great for those who are looking to be able to walk away from the game at a moments notice without any problem (except if playing multiplayer).
game-hours: 245.7
review: BEST STRATEGY GAME I'V EVER PLAYED
game-hours: 172.2
review: game is well
game-hours: 94.4
review: This is my first time playing a game in this series, and I throughly enjoy it. It's great fun to play alone, but it shines when you play with and against your friends in multiplayer! It does take some time to get used to how it works, however there are many strategies at your disposal. I would suggest this to strategy game players, but it can be fun for others as well. A well-made enjoyable game! Great game!
game-hours: 237.4
review: <3
game-hours: 47.7
review: Ten out of ten. Having tons of fun with my group on this one!
game-hours: 93.2
review: It allows me to stab my friends in the back and crush their hopes and dreams, good game 10/10
game-hours: 53.3
review: I adore this game! A strategic powerhouse with never-ending possibilities (I'm serious)! Beautiful graphics, well thought out gameplay ... The list goes on and on. 10/10 - A must have.
game-hours: 80.1
review: I like this game, it's fun. Except Ghandi is mean
game-hours: 360.0
review: Strategy in its finest. This game is the flagship of the turn-based Strategy genera. Whether you are into strategy or not, the game offers many simple to complex options to lead your own civilization to endure the test of time. Wage war, diplomacy, discoveries and many other tasks await those that want to build the most powerful civilization the world has ever known.
game-hours: 333.8
review: This game is great for all kinds of players. For those that like to be a war mongering leader, to those who want to out class their opponents in technology, and even for the peace lover who wants to win by diplomacy or culture. With all the expansions there are so many choices for civilizations and ways to play, the replay value is amazing. I love to personally play team games with my frineds online, but the options for freestyle single player or situation games makes this a game that I can't get enough of.
game-hours: 390.4
review: The Game Franchise speaks for itself. So, there is not much to add. For me, the best thing in Civ is that I am never tired of it. I mean. sometimes I want to play something else, but after a few days or weeks I can play it again, as it was yesterday that I bought it. It fun for a long long time and so, buying it was well spent money.
game-hours: 18.4
review: little too different from the good old original games
game-hours: 283.7
review: Best real time strategy game out there
game-hours: 79.2
review: Great for strategist and history-buffs alike. Win with war, culture, technology, and stylish creativity.
game-hours: 105.1
review: Ghandi is supreme nuke overlord. All bow to his words, as they are backed by nuclear weapons!
game-hours: 358.9
review: This game is very fun to play with your freinds or by yourself i would give it a 9/10 on anything. But thats my opinion just try the games out it is very fun.
game-hours: 473.0
review: 400 Hours and only 50% Achievements... this game is nuts! Still loving it.
game-hours: 244.4
review: Lots of fun. I don't have any words to describe, besides my total of 180 hours of gameplay on it. It's one of those games where you always want to come back to later. Once you get used to the game you can up your difficulty, play with your friends on multiplayer, try out a scenerio, and download loads of community made mods. Besides this, you can also make mods as well, something I find cool is the map maker, where I can play around designing maps for myself for future custom gameplays. 10/10, 5 stars best game.
game-hours: 20.3
review: Not much to say about Civ V other than what everyone else says about it, it's an awesome game!
game-hours: 47.5
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V is not a game you can play quickly. It simply is not. It's a game that you have to set time aside for, because believe me, if you don't, you'll miss every event you put on your calender. Civilization is also not a game played with any sort of skill, like Call of Duty, or PayDay, it's a game played solely with strategy. This is one of the few games that actually puts your old gray matter to work. Trust me, one or two turns of neglect can turn into an abrupt end to your game. Civilization V is a very slow game to begin, what with you trying to construct improvements on your land, and taking over 7 turns to get anything built in your city. But just hang in there, it gets better. Eventually, you'll end up with a massive army at your disposal, researching things so quickly you can barely keep your soldiers upgraded. Not only that, but there is nothing quite like the feeling of watching as your armies march through enemy territory, razing buildings and slaughtering enemy troops turn by turn, and listening to the pathetic attempts of the AI's at negotiating peace. Or, for those of you that aren't going mad with power (I applaud you) can take a few very different routes in the expansion packs. Small cities that don't belong to a whole civilization, called City-States, can be befriended for many benefits, as well as diplomacy can be established with other leaders to trade resources, research, even entire cities. This is expanded upon by the Gods & Kings expansion, which allows the founding of your own entire religion. Yes, you read right, your own ENTIRE RELIGION. The customization of beliefs from a small Pantheon in your capital, to a major reformed religion that spreads world-wide, can benefit you in a variety of ways. While that's fine and dandy and all, if you're more of the secular type, another way to victory is through science. This route to victory, while not easy, is quite rewarding, seeing your astronauts fly off in your spacecraft to another world, through the technology you worked so hard to develop first. And again, there's another way to win the game: Culture! Yes, saving the best for last, the hardest way to win the game (In my opinion, of course) is via culture. In this way, you can make every other city jealous of you, and want to live in your cities. To get this accomplished, you have to obtain tourism, which is gotten through Great Works of art, writing, and music, which are stored in wonders you can construct throughout the game. The tourism is thought of as "offense", while opposing civilizations' culture is considered their "defense." That's what makes it so dang hard. Last, but definitely not least, is the paragraph about some more advanced tactics, that show up later in the game, and mods. Espionage is most definitely the biggest, which allows the rigging of City-State elections to gain influence, and allows the theft of technology from other civilizations. Another is the World Congress, which is founded when the first civilization to meet every other civilization on the map invents the Printing Press. This allows the allocation of delegates to proposed resolutions that you, as well as all the other civilizations, can propose yourselves. Major political gain if used right. And actually last, and even mostest more definitely not least, modifications. This game has a MASSIVE modding community, which creates fantastic mods that augment the experience of the game in many ways, from balancing the game's already-placed elements, to adding diseases that can wipe out an entire civilization in a few turns. All in all, the true thinking man's game in Civilization V makes for an amazing experience, which will consume your life. Definitely worth all the money you have to pay, especially for all the DLC.
game-hours: 374.5
review: BACK STABBED GHANDI WHEN WE WERE FRIENDS! jk he nuked me 10/10 would nuke.
game-hours: 82.8
review: Made my friends pay me gold in return for not nuking them as Japan. 1945/10
game-hours: 84.9
review: I won't lie, after playing Civ IV, I miss stacking an army of units and sending them all on one space to crush my opponents. And I miss not being Buddhist, because Spain would always get Buddhism, and then they would hate everyone who wasn't Buddhist, but they wouldn't let them become Buddhist, so I had a really great excuse to convince everyone to DESTROY SPAIN. I kind of miss tech trading, but I remember thinking that was a cheap way to become all-powerful. Other than that, this is an amazing game.
game-hours: 62.1
review: Fantastic game. Truly the best top-down strategy game out there so far. I didn't like strategy games until I came across this beauty. 4.5/5 stars.
game-hours: 26.3
review: Great game to pass the time .A must buy if on sale!
game-hours: 100.9
review: After playing this game for far longer than is good for me I finally have a verdict. Having played most of the Civilization games before five I can see that the entire game is so developed and so fleshed out guys, we've come a long way since the release of Civilization one. Never mind that, what do I think of it? I love it. I love how easy it is to play or how tricky it can be on deity, I love how the game makes you think, how it makes you over protective of your own civilization, I love calling my Musketmen Athos, Aramis and Porthos when I have three of them. I love being able to call my religion after myself.... heh.... people worship me! I've also had an awful lot of fun with Mods such as The Elder Scrolls Civi mod and A mod of ice and fire adding so much more replayability not that the game didn't have it already! My only complaint with Civilization V is very petty. The loading times, God the loading times are maddening sometimes, perhaps it's just my own impatience but it takes a good 2 minutes from double click to title screen and this is on a top end gaming pc. Also when you advance in your civ times between turns become longer... I can understand this don't worry but when you're massing troops to take Berlin, Paris or London you become to shake with anticipation. Overall I give this game a whopping 9/10 for stealing my life away.
game-hours: 480.5
review: Great game, 14 out of 14 basketballs for sure.
game-hours: 120.8
review: How to people get bored with this game? I mean, seriously, Aztec XCOM soldiers, while Atomic bombs are launched from Montezuma. Where in the world can you get that? "Waiiiiit.... Just... One.... More.... Turn...."
game-hours: 174.8
review: excellent as always. blabla
game-hours: 115.6
review: Play this .
game-hours: 40.0
review: Wait! Just... one... more... turn...
game-hours: 24.2
review: Sid Meier's Civilation V is a very addicting turn-based game. Once you start it keeps you busy for the next two hours at least, the multiplayer feature makes you play for hours on end with your friends. What I really like about this game are the plenty amount of characters and countries you can choose from, not only do you get to play as Gandhi or Queen Elizabeth, but everyone has got their own perks so choose wisely. Your opponent also has thier own personalities which makes the game more fun to play. Also, this game does not only provide fun, but you can learn from it too. It's not a simpel game either, it requires tactics and a lot of thought. The visuals are simply amazing.
game-hours: 83.4
review: Great game! I recommend this to anyone who loves world history and such.
game-hours: 13.6
review: After being quite excited about Civ 5 I was really dissapointed. It just didn't deliver. So I put it down and played other games. So I wouldn't reccomend Vanilla Civ 5. Then my borther comes to me and starts raving about how Civ 5 is awesome. At this point I'm lost. He insists I get the complete edition, which after much badgering I do. Because I bought the complete edition Steam Wont let me review Brave New world, instead, I can only review the vanilla version. Don't buy it on its own. Get the complete ediiton Brave New World makes the whole game feel new and exciting. It will never be as good as the Civ's of old; nostlagia ensures of that, but Brave New World makes Civ 5 a great game to play. It diversifys game play; Military action is not the be all and end all of the game, and more to the point, other vicotry options feel viable. Mass expansionism doesn't win the day. You feel like diplomacy could get you through the game, and that you gain activly force issues though trading (or not as the case may be). An example of this you ask? My brother and my friend go to war. I have no real militry to speak of, but I offer my services to my friend. In the Civ games of old this would just be war profiteeering, and in fairness, it was. However, due to my actions all the city states declare war on my brother, thus collectivly ending several trade deals. This essentially bankrupts my brother which makes his Civ's unhappiness sky rocket. The basic structure of this concept is in vanilla Civ 5, but it isn't until BRave New World that it seems to make any realy impact. However, despite having 'new Civ AI' settings, every Civ feels the same; Arrogant, aggressive and pushy; even if they are friendly. So yeah. I don't reccomend Civ 5. On its own it is dull and dreary. I do reccomend it so long as you get Brave New World, or the complete edition.Get it with Brave New World. The expansions make CIv 5 the game it should have been on release. It isn't perfect, but it is a fresh, new way to play.
game-hours: 46.6
review: Civilization V is one of the best RTS games I have played. It has tons of replayability and is highly adictive. I recommend you buy this game. :D
game-hours: 153.9
review: This game will make you racist. 10/10
game-hours: 28.8
review: Finally available for Linux, and works even better than on Windows! :)
game-hours: 348.3
review: good good
game-hours: 185.6
review: One of the best strategic board games out there. The hours will fly by as you play this game. I would recomend buying the game and DLC bundle if it's on sale for a good discount. At 75% off, it's totally worth buying!
game-hours: 192.2
review: Nuke your enemies and sell your !
game-hours: 89.0
review: I recommend the  out of this.
game-hours: 40.2
review: Very entertaining game with a very complex , yet easy to understand, system.
game-hours: 298.9
review: Molto Buono
game-hours: 28.2
review: I just love this game <3 I played all civilization games and i love all of them 9.5/10 thanks sid for this awesome game
game-hours: 216.4
review: One of the most stunning strategy games currently on the market. Innovative and fun gameplay with huge replayability. Divsersity of civilizations, units, technologies, cultural policies, etc. add a wealth of ways for you to enjoy the endless possibilities. Highly recommend to all those who play or want to play a fantastic turn-based strategy game.
game-hours: 0.5
review: oh yeah deffinately the game for u if u wanna play a turn based life consuming game that does not draw you in what so ever =D
game-hours: 675.5
review: The civ series has always been great. The changes that come with civ 5 are, especially hex map and no unit stacking, are massive improvements over previous entries. That being said, I feel that the dilomatic options and resource trading possiblities of civ 4 are superior to civ 5. Still a fantastic game that leads the turn-based strategy genre.
game-hours: 620.2
review: First and foremost... Incredible game! I have been playing the Civilization games since Civ II. Time and time again I have been impressed with the innovations and changes that have taken place. This game is no exception. I didn't get it at first due to the somewhat questionable reviews that my friends gave me when the vanilla version came out. I picked this game up when Brave New World was released. Since then I have logged over 450 hours and this was during my final year of my undergrad... BNW was an incredible pick up and I have never regretted it. From what little I know about Civilization Beyond Earth, I know I will be picking it up as soon as it is released because it is based off of the same engine. Anyway, between the idealogies and policy innovations in Civ V, each game is different from the last, even if you play the exact nation, map, and difficulty. Be prepared for an AI that likes to denouce you just for being you, but let the tanks roll and you'll do just fine ;) Enjoy!
game-hours: 1308.7
review: iv lost soo much time to this game...
game-hours: 261.0
review: This game is so addictive. ._.
game-hours: 295.7
review: is gud
game-hours: 27.9
review: My boyfriend got me to try this game. I was hesitant at first, but now I have to say it is pretty addictive and you can easily get lost in time with this game.
game-hours: 7.7
review: i love simulations and tycoon type games. this game is a little confusing at first. but a few hours in and THE POWER ... MUAHAHAHA DESTROYING GHANDI WAS PROBABLY THE BEST THING I EVER DID. XD ......(.`.) .......)...) ......(....) .......\...\ ........\...\. .......-.'......`.-.... ../...................`..... .(............)............`..-.._...,..........._ ..)........,.'.......................(...\.-.-..'..( ..\......(...................)..../................\. ....\.....\._.(.........../....(........<6....(6 ......\._.).).).\........(.......`.._.........:Y.).__ ....................\........`-..._....'..-..-.-^._.).).) .......................`.-..._...).).) ................................... l ..........................................................................    ............................................................................l ~ ............................................................................f_, ) Meow!
game-hours: 94.9
review: Washington is a f**king a** during every game. 10/10-would nuke
game-hours: 12.2
review: I have never played a Civilization game before now, and I am really hooked! I heard that this wasn't the best game in the Civilization series, but it was on sale for $7.49 so I decided I would pick it up. I must say, I went into this thinking it would be pretty hard to learn, but it wasn't has hard has I believed, you can pretty much start a Single-Player game and learn from there, I would suggest the frist time you play you read a lot of the CivWiki, and that you read just about every In-Game Tip that comes out, it will help you in the end when you plan to have war with the other players. I still have not played an Online Multiplayer game, only because I do not have the time to play a full game in one sitting, but I am sure that it is even better. Here is a list of PROS and CONS. PROS: Easy to learn Very fun Turn-Based Very strategic game CONS: Trying to have a war is a bit hard Games are VERY long (This can be changed I think, but I am not for sure) Over all this game is a 9/10! For not playing any other Civ games its very fun, I might just have to go get the whole series at a later time to see if this game holds up to the rest of them.
game-hours: 391.9
review: This is a great game, and a great addition to the Civilization saga. I have spent many days playing solo and with my friends, and will spend many more in the future. If you are a fan of stratagy games/ rule the world games then Civilization V is for you. With many different ways that you can win this game has something for everyone. You can win a scientific/Space Race victory, a Diplomatic Victory through votes in the UN, Cultural victories, and of course you can just pound your enemies into the ground under the boots of your soldiers. The unique units/buildings as well as the special perks that each nation recieves makes this game interesting no matter who you play as. All in all I would give this a two thumbs up rating and now I think I might start playing myself.
game-hours: 152.1
review: You'll start playing and next thing you know it's five hours later.
game-hours: 210.6
review: barely entertaining enough to suck my entire life away. disappointed that i dont like it enough to play when i sleep. value could be better, as i project i will only put about 400-800 hours into this game. oooh that's original. but on to the actual review: i have only played about 23 hours of the game so far, but that is in the course of only 2 or 3 days lol. yeah, it's good. i dont know why they didnt include gamepad support, since everything can be controlled with just the mouse, but camera is the best of this type of game i have played (including rts). best graphics of this style of game as well, of those that i have played. smooth too. not sure how much i need to say, since im sure there are nothing but glowing reviews for this game, but so far im loving the micromanagement. you can select some options in the game environment that can minimize the amount of micromanagement you are responsible for, if that isnt your thing. some degree of micromanaging skill or desire needs to be there if you are to enjoy this game, however. there are so many options and the technology trees are so large that you really do feel responsible for the way your world turns out. the more neighbors you kill off, the less civilizations there will be left to trade with, and the other civilizations will trust you less and less. eventually, you can start to feel that your only option is to start a war with almost everyone lol. at least that's what im doing this first time through, playing as the germans. as with other firaxis games, the difficulty curve goes down as the game progresses, but, also typical, the micromanaging options increase. nothing wrong with that in my opinion. a game should be fun, and if it has to be challenging it doesnt have to be frustrating. this game feels right thus far, in that i feel like i am not being led down any certain path, but rather that i am shaping my own destiny in the game with my decisions. i am tired. maybe i shouldnt have played for 10 hours straight. so far. maybe more after a break if i can stay awake :D
game-hours: 44.5
review: I think I have a job to go to... and a dog to feed... but Gahndi must be destroyed, and I just can't let that opportunity pass me by. I mean.. me and napoleon have a good thing, I'd rather not ruin it, and besides, me and life weren't really working out anyways. 9.5 / 10 (For those with free time, and nobody to feed)
game-hours: 357.7
review: Great game, very addictive
game-hours: 39.4
review: well good
game-hours: 44.4
review: The only game where you can build the great wall of china in washinton 10/10 for history and geography.
game-hours: 67.4
review: Tons of fun and I recomend it to everyone!
game-hours: 365.8
review: Buggy as hell and runs like crap. Fun gameplay if you can look past the fact that this software is half finished.
game-hours: 542.8
review: Possible, one of the best games ever made.
game-hours: 270.7
review: "Just ... one ... more ... turn ..."
game-hours: 3.6
review: if you want to throw your life away then i recommend you this.
game-hours: 160.5
review: eats my life, but not as much as Civ 2 did back in the day :)
game-hours: 15.4
review: Played for 10 minutes at night and realise it's already in the morning what?
game-hours: 12.5
review: This game is awesome. You can be a noob and still have fun and dominate or be crushed. Even though this game was released in 2010 it is still one of the most amazing Sid Meie's games to play. I am very glad I got this on sale. 10/10
game-hours: 336.9
review: If you even somewhat like strategy, then you will most deffinitally love this one. There is always something different everytime you play you will NEVER have two games alike. Making this game very easy to play again and again.
game-hours: 15.1
review: Awesome strategy game. Even if you are not a big fan of strategy games (like me :P) you will like this game. Really adictive, you can play for hours without even noticing. Recommended!
game-hours: 35.9
review: Excellent graphics and smoothly transitions between turns. Definitely stays tue to the Civilization brand!
game-hours: 197.4
review: Loved every minute of it. Never trust Gandhi. Never.
game-hours: 149.2
review: tis alot of fun, no other words from me
game-hours: 115.0
review: Fun game, though there are some features that are just annoying, or seem relatively useless. Perhaps just because I don't understand everything about that feature yet.
game-hours: 193.3
review: It's pretty great.
game-hours: 114.2
review: Thoroughly enjoy the game, well worth the money
game-hours: 138.8
review: Great turn-based strategy game. Highly recommended.
game-hours: 529.6
review: Best turn-based strategy series ever
game-hours: 2.9
review: I've wasted days with this game. Get it and enjoy ruling the world.
game-hours: 238.6
review: Great game and definately very happy, as always from the Civ franchise. The new features are definately a great addition to the franchise and the DLC's definately dont disappoint either! Definately worth a buy.
game-hours: 110.4
review: Really enjoy playing this game with friends. Only trouble is sometimes there is connection troubles with the civ servers.
game-hours: 240.3
review: Civ V is the most addicting game i've ever played. It's the most intense, and deep strategy game i've ever played.
game-hours: 456.8
review: This game is wonderful, but a major time sink. The only problem I have is that I find it really hard to get into a game file that I have saved, and it usually takes several hours to play a full game, even on your own.
game-hours: 848.7
review: It was fun
game-hours: 58.1
review: Very relaxing game, buy it while its on sale.
game-hours: 104.8
review: I played as Japan and won the game with nukes.
game-hours: 149.2
review: Civ V. Probably one of the greatest games i've ever played in my relativly short existence. Imersive, addictive, and a barrel of fun. 55^5/10
game-hours: 123.7
review: Great Game. This is a game that I will keep playing for years.
game-hours: 33.4
review: Is really good.
game-hours: 725.9
review: It really doesn't get better than this for a civilization management game. With the two expansions you have unlimited options for play style. I've easily sunk more than 600 hours into this game and I keep coming back. Tons of mods in workshop also help keep things fresh as well and the community support is unlike any other game out there. I can't recommend this enough. Look out for Fredrich the Great. He lies.
game-hours: 70.7
review: Amazing game. I love it
game-hours: 134.3
review: As someone new to the Civilization franchise, I can't compare this game to the previous installment like most veterans do. However, on its own, I found Civ 5 to just be okay. Without any of the expansions it seems like there are some things that could have been better (the tech tree, culture, and diplomacy to name a few). Does that mean this game is bad? I sure don't think so, its just okay. With Gods and Kings, certain features are fixed, while others are fixed in Brave New World. If you are considering this game, you should probably go for the Complete Edition (maybe when on sale).
game-hours: 238.8
review: Hodor!
game-hours: 417.6
review: 10pm: "It's getting late, I should probably think about logging off" 11pm: "I'll just settle this dispute and then I'll get to bed" 3am: "Just...one...more...turn"
game-hours: 2304.0
review: Awesome game!
game-hours: 158.0
review: Woke up at 8AM, booted up Civ5 and before I knew it, it was 3AM! 10/10, would reccomend for added time machine capabilities.
game-hours: 30.6
review: This game is a very fun, unpredictable, learning experience of a game. The graphics are great during leader scenes and are either rough or smooth during the main game depending on your graphics card. The game takes a while to learn the more complicated portion of the game. Your civilization is completely based on what you make it whether you want a strong military or lots of farms. I myself have both. I hope this review has convinced you to buy Sid Meier's Civilization 5!
game-hours: 29.1
review: Extremely addicting. Repeatable. Fun with friends. Challenging, but not intimidating.
game-hours: 28.3
review: Fresh
game-hours: 108.0
review: Such a fun game! There are days when I can play this for 12+ hours.
game-hours: 155.7
review: It's cool. You should get it, Jon.
game-hours: 143.6
review: Step 1. play as the english step 2. ally with the Iroquois step 3. Skype with Iroquois leader step 4. Scream MANIFEST DESTINY MOTHER ER!!!!!!!! into the mic, and slam your troops into him. step 5. Destroy everything except a group of settlers and workers, and send them northward into the lands of barbarians and enemy nations 10/10 would conquer again.
game-hours: 17.8
review: i love this game first Civilization and love it cant wait for Beyond earth!
game-hours: 210.2
review: This game can make you forget that free time has other uses. It is an incredibly addictive strategy game that takes away large portions of your life. A single game can take over eight hours to finish (on the standard speed, it can be set to go faster or much slower), so this isn't a game for the impatient. Since it's turn-based you can also easily do other things while playing, making it good for multi-taskers, though playing so casually will extend the already lengthy game times. I highly recommend both the Gods & Kings and Brave New World expansions, as they both add a variety of new and interesting mechanics to keep each game unique. There are some issues, mostly with the multiplayer; mods are not supported in multiplayer - no matter how little they change the game - and the AI becomes much less interactive and therefore much more boring during multiplayer games.
game-hours: 31.1
review: I've been a fan of Civ since Civ 4 which I know isn't long but nonetheless Civ is still one of the best strategy games I've played and probably always will be. I would highly recommend it.
game-hours: 383.0
review: Play this far too much! Love it, always have. Plenty of detail, gameplay. Graphics as you would expect. The Whole game is nicely polished but what I love the most is the amount of mods and stuff available in the workshop, pretty much change the whole game. 9/10 (looking forward to the next installment)
game-hours: 2982.1
review: Best Civilization Game ever in my opion - 1UPT is the best thing ever happened for the game
game-hours: 190.4
review: :)
game-hours: 220.7
review: Not much to say. Amazing game and really hard to put down. Gets only better when you have lots of friends to play with. Is very time consuming and one game can last hours.
game-hours: 182.8
review: An absolutely addictive game that will keep you entertained for many hours. Build up your civilisation as you expand into new territories, making friends and foes alike. Using its simple turn-by-turn basis, your actions will shape the future of your empire. There are many ways to win, and that is the beauty of this game - there is no set path you have to take. If you're the type of person that likes to wage war on others then you can win by military strength. If you prefer more peaceful ways, you can win by achieving a cultural victory. Or if you're keen on winning via scientific means, be the first to have the parts needed for space exploration.
game-hours: 353.6
review: Civ has always been a game I have found complex to pick up and try. I tried Civ III a while back and didn't get deep into it without feeling lost and gave up. As hesitant as I was to pick up Civ V I'm glad I did. I'm a big RTS fan, so I was worried about the pace of this game. Needless to say, I love this game. So many Civs to play as, it just adds to the replay value to me. It's fun from start to finish, from no tech to full tech. If you've never given this game or any of the Civ games a try but you're into strategy, I cannot recommend this game enough. Lots of fun. And now I'm craving to play it. I hope you're happy.
game-hours: 223.0
review: This swaggiest strategy game of all time
game-hours: 42.5
review: Great game!
game-hours: 129.5
review: Honestly can say of all turn based games I highly recommend this to be the best. Not to mention the DLC has so much potential and adds a lot to the game play.
game-hours: 141.6
review: This is a game for people who love tatical thinking, a diverse series of options and ways to win a game, complete control and spreadsheets! It is a fantastic game that just keeps you wanting to play one more turn.
game-hours: 294.9
review: Great turn based strategy game! Best of its kind
game-hours: 321.2
review: While not providing the nuanced subtext of running a government that say some Paradox Plaza titles might offer, nor the battlfield complexity of a Total War game, Civ V nontheless provides a classic formula of large scale strategy that has been a halmark of the series since the early '90s. As a fan of the series and a player of all the primary titles in the Civ series I can confidently say that V is the most polished and most comprehensively thought out ONLY after including the two main DLCs God and Kings (G&K) and Brave New World (BNW). I would say the vanilla Civ V experience is lacking in some features and seemed to be a simplified installment of Civ IV. With the full package of DLC as well as some truly outstanding mods, Civ V provides a balanced experience where a breadth of play styles are viable and you can get a different experience and narrative to emerge each time you start a new game. Each Civ, despite some being clearly stronger than others, provides interesting flavor, style, and gameplay differences to satisfy pretty much any strategy player. If you are familiar with the Civ series you probably already know how this game stacks up against the prior games and the series as a whole. If you are not familiar with the Civ series, this is a perfect place to start: you can expect nearly endless possibilities of game settings and setup, city (and population) management, oversight of military production, tech trees that propel your civilization through several 'eras' of development, trade routes (BNW feature), political rivalry, construction of wonders to give your civ buffs, development of culture and religion (G&K feature), and many many more. You can very easily role play and aim to give yourself certain challenges to overcome in your playthrough, or simply gun through and mercilessly pursue one of the several victory conditions. An incredibly solid and well-rounded game. 8/10
game-hours: 56.1
review: You can spend hours on this game
game-hours: 126.6
review: This is a fun game
game-hours: 104.8
review: If you like Strategy and changing the past, then you'll love this game. Go for Complete package so you don't have to spend 50 more dollars.
game-hours: 366.1
review: yes
game-hours: 17.5
review: Not as good as Civ 4, but not bad. 7/10
game-hours: 1853.1
review: Incredible game that supports wide variability in how you may achieve victory. World Leader Pretend.
game-hours: 302.6
review: kinda good
game-hours: 380.4
review: 10/10
game-hours: 450.1
review: not many sivs 4/10
game-hours: 366.1
review: i guess its ok but theres nothing really noteable about it
game-hours: 29.8
review: One of the best strategy games of this era!
game-hours: 388.7
review: best game out there.
game-hours: 86.8
review: I like this game a lot. However, I wouldn't really recommend people to pay 30 dollars for it. It's quite fun at first, but into the game you start to see it begin to be repetitive. You start out each new game THE SAME WAY. Also, if you're going for a conquest victory, don't. It's insanely easy to pull off, as all you really have to do is get enough tech to outmatch your enemies, and then blow them out. In addition to being easy, it's also very annoying to move individually your 30 units into position. I don't find it very satisfying to blow up an entire city in 3 hits anyway.
game-hours: 74.6
review: Best world domination game yet! My max pay price: $15... with expansions: $20
game-hours: 3.4
review: hard to play
game-hours: 57.7
review: i like that u can build ur on empire
game-hours: 361.2
review: Sweet Game. Buyit
game-hours: 244.2
review: Illuminati Confrimed, Very good game
game-hours: 208.2
review: My butt plug really enjoys this games, it makes Fredrick (the butt plug) really happy.
game-hours: 255.3
review: This is definitely one of the best strategy games that I ever played. Its DLCs expand the contents of the game dramatically and make the game worthy playing again and again to try different strategies. One thing still need to be improved is AI takes too much time every turn in late game, especially when aircraft comes out.
game-hours: 38.6
review: Buy this game and you won't pay for a week of your life! Don't let this special offer go away!
game-hours: 418.8
review: Just one more turn. That is what is going to happen if you play this - actually, no, don't even try it. This game is great, everytime there are sales I feel temptated to go around giving it to people and watching them get sucked into being addicted to it. Game had its downsides when it was vanilla, but hole cow batman, its great now - if you have free time and think what a log knows is worth to heed, you'll play the hell out of this!
game-hours: 36.4
review: This is my first Steam review for one of three Steam games I own. Anyway, I like playing the hell out of this game. It works like coffee.
game-hours: 182.0
review: This game is the best strategy game i have ever played hands down. Although i have not played many strategy games myself this game is still amazing. This game is easy to learn even if you havent ever played a game like this. It is easy to start this game and before you know it 6 hours have passed, yeah it's that good. There are many different ways to win including, war, launching a rocket into space, diplomatic, and outlasting other civilations. I cannot explain this game without turning my recview into a book, this game is huge. Get it.
game-hours: 585.0
review: really fun
game-hours: 290.6
review: PIMPIN
game-hours: 41.7
review: Ghandi will mercilessly roll through your entire civilisation, murdering helpless women and children in an attempt to satisfy his desire for destruction. A man not to be trifled with, May mercy be upon you if you ever become his neighbour.
game-hours: 100.6
review: Great game. Absolutely worth the money and gameplay time.
game-hours: 83.0
review: This game is amazing.
game-hours: 27.8
review: Fantastic game which allows for hours of gameplay. Definitely improved with Brave New World DLC.
game-hours: 852.3
review: Best 4x Strategy game I've ever played. This series just keeps getting better and better. Can't wait for beyond earth.
game-hours: 206.2
review: This game is very fun
game-hours: 130.6
review: Great Game!
game-hours: 36.6
review: LOVE IT but it is a little hard 4 and a 1/2 stars out of 5 TIP DONT BUild too much food reources
game-hours: 59.1
review: Are you sick of getting to bed at a regular hour? Are you searching for something to distract you from friends and loved ones for days at a time? Look no further! Now you too can be Napoleon or George Washington and live out your dreams for global conquest, a profound utopia, or a future filled with giant killer robots. Don't hesitate. Start playing today!
game-hours: 492.0
review: Super awesome game! Infinite replayability
game-hours: 185.8
review: This is more addicting than sleep! 10 more turns out of 10
game-hours: 0.7
review: 7/10
game-hours: 8.6
review: AMAZING GAME ,not boring at all can play for hours it may look s-h-i-t but its great
game-hours: 298.7
review: If only I had more hours in the day to play this game!
game-hours: 33.3
review: Seriously addictive!
game-hours: 37.9
review: What year is it? 10/10
game-hours: 22.5
review: This Game is one of the best games ive ever played great improvement from civ 4
game-hours: 41.9
review: Time SInk Simulator 2010. 10/10 Would stay home again.
game-hours: 53.3
review: It is a great turn-based strategy game. It is very challenging and rewarding when you win a game.
game-hours: 84.8
review: this is a great game and even better with the dlc
game-hours: 591.5
review: Civ 5 and Brave New Worlds is by far the best time sink available.
game-hours: 97.3
review: My favourit game to d8! Just got it and already I played for 8 hours! Probaly going to be playing this all summer!
game-hours: 119.7
review: A great way to spend a lot of time on a Strategy game. First time playing a Civ game and it was very easy for me to get into and understand after a few playthroughs. The achievements for this game definitely give me something to play for, as well. Highly recommend!
game-hours: 306.3
review: Best strategey game ever
game-hours: 2792.5
review: Like crack, but with 50% less potential to ruin your life.
game-hours: 48.2
review: Whew! After a few fun hours it's time to turn this off and go to bed. What's that? It's time to get up already!? Yeah. It happens. With all of its dlc, 50 hours is only scratching the surface. It's addicting, it's exciting, and it's challenging. Playing with friends in to the early morning is a common occurence as you to try to out-perform and out-maneuver your opponents. It's satisfying when you emerge victourious after an 8 hour game. (Let's ignore the disappointment of being defeated after 8 hours). This game is well worth your money as there are many hours of fun to be had. Also, the music is pretty darn good.
game-hours: 542.0
review: Dear gods, I'd like my life back.
game-hours: 437.7
review: Civ V never gets old to go back to. I love making my own maps as well and all the customization that brings with the SDK. So pumped for Beyond Earth.
game-hours: 819.1
review: Game is really fun and well worth the money because of the amount of time you will spend on this game. The game is turn base so if you hate these kind of games I will not recommend it for you.
game-hours: 151.3
review: Its a fun game just play it
game-hours: 237.0
review: When people talk about the civilisation syndrome they are completely true. Buy this game if you like having power and have at least 500 hrs free time
game-hours: 57.9
review: Just 1 more turn.....it's not a lie.....
game-hours: 168.8
review: Good game for those who like strategy and building. Game has adjustable difficulty and hints which really helps getting into it making it perfect for both casual and hardcore gamers.
game-hours: 389.1
review: Almost 200 hrs in and i'm still having a blast. It's an addicting strategy game that keeps you coming back for more. The expansions are a must have and really expand upon the gameplay. My favorite game on Steam thus far.
game-hours: 12.1
review: Once you get used to the new way things work compared to Civ 4 it's a lot of fun!
game-hours: 84.5
review: Tons of fun if you're into micromanaging with a zillion different gameplay options. Really unlimited play time if you tried to get all the badges, play as every civilization, etc. AI could use some reworking as things seem to go from generally easy (level 6) to really, really hard (level 7) pretty quickly.
game-hours: 114.4
review: Just....one....more....turn. Seriously don't expect to get any sleep. You will stay up all night trying to crush every one else on the planet.
game-hours: 8.4
review: I recommend this!
game-hours: 98.9
review: Great game
game-hours: 165.5
review: I have played many hours on this game. I highly recommend it to fans of turn based strategy games.
game-hours: 61.9
review: Best strategy game that is easy to learn. 5/5
game-hours: 409.9
review: I have invested more hours into this game alone than all my other games combined... I need a life.
game-hours: 372.4
review: A little different to Civ IV, but easy to get the hang of. All in all a thoroughly good game. It will nab your free time though, so make sure you keep an eye on your watch! If you enjoyed Civ IV, you should enjoy this just as much.
game-hours: 121.8
review: What an awesome game! ^^
game-hours: 566.9
review: This game is the . Easily one of my favorites. If you like slowly crushing your enemies and then dropping nuclear missiles on the waste of their civilization, you might like this game. Or if you're a resource . Or a world wonder . Or a . Point is, if you buy and play this game, you will no longer have friends, a job, or go to school. And it is worth it.
game-hours: 346.4
review: 300+ hours on record. I've been sober for a while now, but this game will devour your weekend and spit you out on Monday morning.
game-hours: 670.0
review: Amazing!
game-hours: 69.8
review: Excellent game.
game-hours: 123.6
review: This games is lovely. Strategy games aren't always great because they are you either too hard or to essay but civ is perfect for beginners or experts it changings you every time you play and every time you play you have to change you play style too.
game-hours: 586.9
review: Civilization 5 is the greatest human achievement ever. The massive free roam world is so large I feel like its a different map everytime I play! The leveling system is kinda strange. I cant figure out how to spend my skill points. Civ 5 has a great story which will compel gamers to continue playing. I personally have over one hour of gameplay. Civ 5 contains many new aspects which its predecessor lacked. I love the fact that they added new killstreaks to replace chopper gunners. After beating the complex storyline, I decided to take my skills online. I loved the new killstreak system which they added. I was level 36 in no time. (Fun fact: 36 is a perfect square) My only problem with the game is the fact that Austria is not as strong as it should be. Please fix this in the next update. Only recommended for people with cargo. (Sorry Yali) This game is the reason I wake up in the morning.
game-hours: 292.8
review: A+
game-hours: 77.2
review: Endless fun, much strategy.
game-hours: 132.6
review: Great game. Constantly has me saying, "Just... one... more.. turn!"
game-hours: 365.5
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V is beautifully designed. I've only played Civ III before this installment, so I have little to compare it to, but Civ V feels much more real than Civ III, and compared to Civ III, it is much easier to get to grips with. One of my favourite features is the ability to construct various wonders, and trying to be the civilisation with the most wonders. Gods and Kings is a fairly good expansion, but adds very few readily seen features. Brave New World functions well as making the late game far more interesting, introducing a far more complex diplomacy system, as well as the overhauled culture system (now with added tourism).
game-hours: 95.9
review: No. Not work, I've just finished the Atomic era!
game-hours: 137.5
review: this game is an amazing game
game-hours: 65.8
review: i like this game
game-hours: 16.1
review: the best Turn-Based Strategy game
game-hours: 122.9
review: This game is surprisingly adictive. The first time I played it with some friends of mine we started at about 8pm my time. We played for a while and before I knew it, it was 3am! Great game!
game-hours: 158.4
review: This game makes my history teacher hate me. "Gandhi beat up Alexander the Great last night with the help of Attila the Hun and George Washington, though Queen Elizabeth and Oda Nobunaga tried their best to help him."
game-hours: 94.7
review: If you want to waste your time, play this.
game-hours: 693.1
review: I built a tank and captured three cities with it. 10/10
game-hours: 110.5
review: Very easy game to play one you have learned and worth it the money but try to buy it when it is on sale.
game-hours: 61.9
review: If you want a game to kill a few hours once or twice a week, then this game is a must avoid for you. Once you start this game up you get completely consumed in it and there is no going back. It completely ruins your life. 10/10.
game-hours: 201.9
review: Top game, prepare for hours to dissapear.
game-hours: 985.4
review: As addictive as previous Civilization Games. I wish they would fix the glitches with the achievents and the expansion packs! Spending way too many hours playing.
game-hours: 67.4
review: One more turn...
game-hours: 272.7
review: Amazing
game-hours: 24.6
review: This is the best strategy game that I have played on PC. It is fun to play against A.I. or with friends. You will have to expect some games to last up to 10 to 15 hours although you can adjust things to make the games shorter. 8.5/10
game-hours: 152.7
review: Proof that putting more  into a game makes it better. Call of Grand Theft Creed Fortress Legends of War Vs Capcom Emblem XVIII will be the best game in the world.
game-hours: 174.9
review: Highly addictive, one of the best games I have ever played. Don't start playing this if you EVER want to stop.
game-hours: 75.9
review: my first civ game . i love it
game-hours: 558.9
review: The greatest strategy game I've ever played. Possibly the best game I've ever played.
game-hours: 16.2
review: It's Civilization, what more do you really have to say? In any event, this is the most polished and entertaining game in the seires. The fact that it's cross platform and runs like a dream with an Intel HD 4600 GPU on Linux helps a lot too. I can't recommend this game enough. Hell if you get around to actually playing it, not only will you have fun, you might actually learn something!
game-hours: 346.4
review: While I was disapointed at first with this game and it's lack of historically plausible scenarios like with Total War I still found myself enjoying it immensely. Even if Ghandi will attack Sweden without provocation.
game-hours: 844.2
review: This is a time consuming - high learning curve game. Not as difficult as the older ones though.
game-hours: 372.9
review: Awesomely addicting game. I recommend this game for all the strategy-game lovers out there ! You will find yourself spending so much time playing it, thinking about it that you will only be able to say one thing about this: #WORTH :D
game-hours: 453.9
review: This is a fun game
game-hours: 238.3
review: From what I've heard, many people didn't like this entry into the Civiliation franchise, but as a first time Civ player I think it's a wonderful game and is one of my favorites of all time.
game-hours: 10.3
review: yup..play it...
game-hours: 272.9
review: Pretty good
game-hours: 264.5
review: One of the best games ever. If you love to run your own country, or have ever wanted to try, this is the game for you.
game-hours: 329.0
review: games take 20 hours, where did my 20 hours go....give them back
game-hours: 34.8
review: Ready to kiss your social life goodbye!
game-hours: 325.2
review: Great game overall, if you like turn-based stradegy games, this game is a great pick. Though it has some major problems in multiplayer, its worth buying all the way up to the Brave New World Expansion. I also recommend getting Beyond Earth (The future Civ VI game) when it comes out, if you like a game like this. ~Moretti
game-hours: 182.2
review: This game wins at expansions. The base game is great as-is, and each expansion adds new mechanics and content that make it feel almost like a brand new game. Definitely worth the money.
game-hours: 60.0
review: Love it
game-hours: 611.5
review: This game is awesome. I started out on Civ 2 years ago, and have been a fan of the series ever since. In my opinion, Civ 4 had quite a bit more "customizing" you could do, but the enhanced gameplay mechanics of Civ 5 more than make up for it. Any fans of the Xbox port "Civilization: Revolutions" would be thrilled with all the additions they will find in Civ 5. All around, this is a great Civ game that is only made better with the various DLC packs and the Gods & Kings expansion.
game-hours: 116.9
review: This game is the best.I thought who the heck would want to play a game with turns but when i played i LOVED it so much it kept me hours on end with so much stuff to it you dont have to play civ 4,3,2,1 just play civ 5 and you will have fun and get brave new world dlc it would make it more fun
game-hours: 180.6
review: The best strategy game I've ever played, as long as you have Brave New World. Great online gameplay with friends, great offline gameplay with mods, it's fun and all that shiz but it takes forever. A+/10
game-hours: 247.6
review: A warrior killed my Giant Death Robot. 10/10
game-hours: 17.6
review: This game can be quite addictive after awhile. It may take a bit to understand the features so it is best to play with an experienced player. I also suggest playing with friends for enjoying most out of this game. Love the graphics and story if you were to play yourself. Really stimulates your brain. :D
game-hours: 27.1
review: I dropped three nukes on the Iroquois nation and they insisted they were winning the war 10/10.
game-hours: 341.8
review: Great game, buy it.
game-hours: 22.1
review: Best Game Ever.
game-hours: 399.0
review: Warning, may be hazardous to your productivity, relationships, sleep, sex life, basic nutrition, self-care, etc.
game-hours: 46.1
review: Great game to get friends together and have fun, wether winning or loseing, its still a fun game if you get some people into it. the customization also helps the game so that you can have as much fun as you need
game-hours: 271.9
review: This game is great if you have 25 hours free a day
game-hours: 114.5
review: Nice graphics, good gameplay. A nice, strategic game.
game-hours: 208.5
review: this game is crack dont play it (actually, play it. its awesome)
game-hours: 151.2
review: Pissed of Ghandi / 10
game-hours: 888.7
review: Best Civ yet.
game-hours: 25.1
review: As always, guaranteed to waste countless hours and ruin your life
game-hours: 534.5
review: Only an ok game in its vanilla form (compared to Civ IV), G+K and BNW expansions propell Civ V well above its excellent predecessor. On a scale from 1-2: 2
game-hours: 531.2
review: Addicting...
game-hours: 327.6
review: Easy to play, crushingly hard to master. There are so many ways to play Civilization, but once you have mastered it, you can enjoy the delight as you slowly kill all your friends with arrows. In the game, of course. Or you can kill them quickly. Or with fire. Or with nuclear weapons. Countless hours of playtime, a great game in whole.
game-hours: 404.2
review: A different game from Civ4, it's finally starting to grow on me. Leaner in some ways, more tactical in others. Still feels as if it suffers from consolitis in that many power-user controls and options are missing (hello, can we get an in-game clock at least?). Gods & Kings expansion is a must.
game-hours: 180.5
review: Lots of replay value. Worth the money and DLC. Watch out for Gandhi.
game-hours: 206.5
review: This game is a HUGE timesink. Once, I woke up one morning and started playing this game, and the next time I looked at the clock, it was already nighttime. If you can get into the game mechanics and how everything works, you will seriously lose hours to this game and enjoy every second of it. While it is a turn-based game, please do not let that deter you from how great this game is. BUY this game asap if you enjoy strategy.
game-hours: 8.3
review: fun game
game-hours: 134.9
review: When you can make a religion based around explosive bears. You know you have a winner.
game-hours: 215.0
review: Easily one of my favorite games, with m ore game time than what steam says. Great game, and a ton of fun,
game-hours: 232.2
review: Say goodbye to your productivity
game-hours: 64.3
review: everyone get off my ing NUTZ
game-hours: 76.7
review: Do not pick a fight with Gandhi.
game-hours: 377.6
review: I see a lot of sentiment out there that Civ 4 with expansions is more strategic but I tend to disagree. Civilization V is the best thing ever to be created ever. Thanks.
game-hours: 186.3
review: Really fun to play with friends or alone. I r8 8/8 4 gr8 m8.
game-hours: 86.0
review: Amazing
game-hours: 228.8
review: This game is too addicting
game-hours: 342.8
review: Best turn base game out there if you have all the DLC you will get bored after 500 h +. It is amazing !!!
game-hours: 36.4
review: Civ V delivers on every positive word that has been spoken of it. As a fan of turn based strategy and games I can quickly pop onto in the downtime of a busy schedule this game is absolutely pefect.
game-hours: 267.8
review: So many hours gone, because you just need 1 more turn. First time i played all of the sudden it was 4 in the morning. The variety makes it a new challenge everytime.
game-hours: 290.8
review: This incredible 4X strategy game is the gold standard for the genre. Fantastic graphics, great design and balance and a TON of replayability. If you are a fan of strategy games, pick this one up!
game-hours: 8.1
review: This is a great game. It's like an inane version of Risk. It's worth getting.
game-hours: 356.4
review: There are three things I love in this world. Kylie Minogue. Small dimples, just above a woman's buttocks. The fear in a Civilization's eye when he knows i'm about to conquer him.
game-hours: 473.7
review: Best turn by turn strategy PC game
game-hours: 7.1
review: 5 past 10 pm, I promised myself to try this game for less than an hour as I am currently preoccupy with FM 15. Now it's 5 past 11.55 pm and I am that I couldn't keep my promise to myself.
game-hours: 438.9
review: Great game
game-hours: 200.9
review: Civ 5. Not even once.
game-hours: 119.3
review: I'm a big fan of this style of game and Civ V is no exception. Jumped on this when it came out for Linux. Runs perfectly on my setup.
game-hours: 109.0
review: The most addicting game I've ever played! I can play this game for 12 hours or more and never want to walk away.
game-hours: 106.0
review: Just one more turn, just one more turn. I started playing this at 6 one day, made a nice little colony became friends with Russia, had a little war with Germany it was grand, then I just wanted to get a new technology when the sun began to reflect off a mirror into my eyes, it was 6 the next day. So yeah pepare to be absorbed if you like massive turn based play, I recommend setting real world alarms if you don't want to game through the night. It will run as smoothly as you want it I have a two year old pc, I know ancient and I should really upgrade but oh well, and it runs it just fine. The only performance issue I have run across is a crash regarding meeting a new civ, the animation starts and crash to windows. It has a relatively simple fix and is due to not having enough power in my graphics card, either set those animations to lower quality in options or run through direct x 9 instead of 10. I did it through DX9 and haven't had an issue since. Randomly joining nline play is a bit hit or miss, but isn't it always. If you can get some friends together and take over the world and rule it in peacful harmony, until you stab them in the back that is. I mean what I would never do that never.... Want to go to war with Jimmy?
game-hours: 227.7
review: Just One more turn....
game-hours: 177.4
review: A Most excellent RTS. My first Civ game, most definetly not my last !!!
game-hours: 135.5
review: Awesome game
game-hours: 179.2
review: its pretty good doe
game-hours: 314.0
review: It's always one more turn and before you know it 4 hours have passed by! Love this addicting game!
game-hours: 206.8
review: I have to admit that I never thought I would like this game. I was a die hard Civ III fan (and I still love it). But this game is gorgeous and has some great things about it. I found the hex grid hard to get used to, but after getting used to it, it's much more intuitive than Civ III's grid. I actually like the fact that I can't stack a hundred things on top of one another (though I've heard people complain about that) because I keep track of my units better that way. One thing I really don't like is the extra restrictions on movement. You can't even go through an enemy's space at all, even to pass through and you ship can't risk dangerous deep water (a gambit I am very fond of in Civ III). Other than that, I love this game. It may even be my favorite out of the Civilization games.
game-hours: 66.2
review: I like just keeping to myself and having large cities until I take up most of the space then I expand my military just in the off chance I'm attacked. I'm usually able to go without a war and win in another way. 10/10 you should play
game-hours: 189.2
review: Hard to learn but over all amazing.
game-hours: 1112.2
review: The depth of this game is simply astonishing, I've put 1000 hours into this and still not bored of it. There are loads of mods in the Workshop that adds more scenarios, civilizations and maps and among those the Middle-Earth map and civs have been my favourite. When I first started playing Civ V I didn't like it as much as IV, but it's without a doubt the best one in the series. Each of the expansions also changed the gameplay slightly and the victory condition changed as well, this added to its replayability and in effect offered three different games, or more like Civ V, V.1 and V.2. Great value, fantastic turn-based strategy experience.
game-hours: 92.4
review: It's a game all right
game-hours: 299.0
review: Perfection
game-hours: 184.5
review: Best 4x game. GG.
game-hours: 19.6
review: I love this game. its so much fun even tho games take forever
game-hours: 33.4
review: There is nothing more beautiful in life then building your civilization from a tiny peasant village to a continent-spanning metropolis, and then watching Ghandi destroy it all with nuclear hellfire. 10/10, most realistic game I've ever played.
game-hours: 38.1
review: Only Down side is taking over cities takes long than in previous games.
game-hours: 28.8
review: I think this game is really good when you play with a lot of your friends. I find it fun to warmonger early game and just continue, especially against AI. But playing with friends prevents this since they can all gang up on you and since AI are predictable, I think that it will be a challenge to have the same play style as when play AI.
game-hours: 264.5
review: Its too addicting!
game-hours: 19.0
review: World simulator
game-hours: 38.3
review: realy good game worth ur money and time
game-hours: 41.3
review: Amazing game. Great for any strategy game fans.
game-hours: 279.2
review: It's been quite a while since I last played Civ IV. I frickin' love that game, but my disc went walkabout and then I had to have it declared MIA. With the lovely summer sales going on, I decided to give Civ V a try. I have totally not been disappointed. It's still early days for me, but I'm loving what I've seen so far. I thought I would be more frustrated with the changes they've made in this version, but luckily I've found it to be a refreshing challenge. Go buy it while it's still on sale. If you like strategy turn-based games... you'll just need to be within reach of food and drink for hours and you'll be set.
game-hours: 160.5
review: just one more tuuuuuuurn
game-hours: 173.2
review: If you are one of those achievment hunters, this is a must buy, but notice, nobody is telling you it would be easy ;)
game-hours: 227.8
review: Great stuff, a must for anyone who enjoys a good turn-based strategy game. Ow, and you can name your religion something like 'Bieberfever' and make people hate you when you turn their cities.
game-hours: 57.3
review: A game where you can bully Gandhi to your hearts content. nuke him, abuse him, THE SKY IS THE LIMIT.
game-hours: 2051.2
review: Best game I've ever played. Takes Civ back to Civ2 and completely revives it.
game-hours: 120.2
review: Seems fun, I WOULD definitely like to wish anyone who buys this game this simple phrase. "Good luck getting away from it".
game-hours: 37.3
review: Really fun and Addicting played 12 hours and its so fun. i RECOMMEND this game to everybody who likes strategy games.
game-hours: 243.4
review: Civilization 5 is one of the most recent additions to Civilization series, which has been defining the RTS genre for decades. If you have not played a Civilization game before; Civilization 5 is a great starting point. Amazing game! sooo much fun single player, more fun with a friend! The expancion packs are a great addition to the original game and add alot more depth and complexity to the game. If you are new to the game consider playing without the expancion packs at first, and then add them on. I would recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of RTS games, is looking for a great single player experience, or has a group of friends to play with; as both the single player and multi player are hours of fun. 10/10.
game-hours: 1302.9
review: Great turn based strategy game
game-hours: 22.2
review: I can understand China when they speak to me 10/10 for language accuracy
game-hours: 26.9
review: Cool
game-hours: 177.2
review: A great turn based strategy game that is only worth playing with the major expansions installed. Once you have those it becomes an engrossing experience that will have you uttering the timeless "One more turn..."
game-hours: 20.2
review: I made a city 10/10
game-hours: 112.7
review: Fantastic game, definitely recommend it. It has good gameplay, good graphics, good music, the only problem I have is an occasional graphics and audio bug when I play the game too long. But, it's not a major disfunction, and the pros far outweigh the cons. Worth every cent!
game-hours: 102.5
review: I absolutely love Civ 5. It's an easy, fun, and highly addictive game. With 85 hours in, and many more planned in the future, the game does not fail to ever get boring. For strategy players, If you like strategy, this is your game, without a doubt.
game-hours: 213.5
review: its a bucket full of swedish pancakes
game-hours: 698.0
review: Civilization V is, by and large, the best Civ game I've played. I have spent countless hours playing this game, the modding community is fantastic, the ability to Hotseat with friends is wonderful. This game is an all around gem!
game-hours: 4.5
review: Good Game but a little hard for beginners but if you know how to play and stuff it w ill turn out to be 10\10 Recommend this game.
game-hours: 364.0
review: "This map script uses various manipulations of Perlin noise to create landforms, and generates climate based on a simplified model of geostrophic and monsoon wind patterns. Rivers are generated along accurate drainage paths governed by the elevation map used to create the landforms."
game-hours: 4.9
review: Ive played a ton! Great game.
game-hours: 226.4
review: HOLY SHITBALLS WHERE DID THE TIME GO. STARTED A MARATHON GAME BACK IN NAM WITH A FEW FRIENDS AND HERE WE ARE I DON'T EVEN KNOW WHAT MILLENIUM IT IS.
game-hours: 72.4
review: Awesome game to kill a couple hours when you should be sleeping.
game-hours: 147.2
review: As a pretty casual gamer, I was not expecting to enjoy a game as serious as Civ V starting out. However, with a couple friends to help negotiate the steep learning curve of 4X games like Civ V, I was able to understand the game mechanics and enjoy it! I got caught quickly in "one-more-turn" syndrome, and as a result have actually gained a better appreciation of history, geography, and psychology! I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys critical thinking and has some friends to help them along.
game-hours: 92.4
review: Fun for the whole family until ghandi points his nukes at you
game-hours: 297.0
review: Civ just keeps on getting better. Another great game from Sid Meier's.
game-hours: 536.5
review: "I want a new settlement here." "But that land has no economic or strategic value!" "It will once we have fertilizer and artillary!" "Artillery, sir?"
game-hours: 64.3
review: yo dis be fun
game-hours: 81.8
review: Civ V is the quintessential time waster of a strategy game. I believe this is a good thing. This game allows your brain to focus on many different things, without feeling lost. The customization with what type of game you wish to play is phenominal. The DLC really adds to the experience. After your first game, you'll be an expert thanks to the training system! Go out and conqur the world +graphics +sound +gameplay +ease of use +tutorial -length (it's an RTS, what do you expect?) -online play
game-hours: 0.4
review: This game involves destruction and death! The graphics are amazing. I love this game and I recommend it to all of you hardcore (and patient) gamers! Oh, and I think I forgot to mention that this game has destruction and death!!!!!!!!! lol XD
game-hours: 548.2
review: Exactly as intense/relaxing as you want it to be; and the modding community is great. Would be much better if one could utilize the mods online.
game-hours: 181.0
review: A fantastic game for a fun multiplayer experince with friends
game-hours: 379.8
review: The new Brave World
game-hours: 110.8
review: Sid Meiers is one of the best games in my steam liarary to date and ive had stream a long time, play as countrys and proceed through the ages, advance your country, become allies with others or engage battles that need thinking to be able to win, your advisors are a good addition to the game making it easy for new commers to play and understand what to do. Many maps mods and expansion packs to choose from. One of the best strategy games i have ever played, if not one of the best games ive ever played. 9/10
game-hours: 174.3
review: Civ V is a solid game, but really needs the Brave New World exansion. Never before has an expansion so revitalised a game! The combat mechanics and victory conditions took a while to get used to coming from Civ IV, but in the end are a very nice change, I do not miss the wars of "who has the biggest unit stack?"
game-hours: 373.8
review: 11/10 would bang ;)
game-hours: 95.6
review: Good game
game-hours: 244.9
review: Want to rule the world? Give this a shot
game-hours: 235.3
review: Its an ok game.
game-hours: 188.5
review: Highly recommended for people who like to play complicated strategy games. People who dont want to stress their brains, dont bother with this game.
game-hours: 113.6
review: Great replay value, although you unfortunatley will not be able to replay it since you will die of old age during your first game 10/10
game-hours: 146.2
review: Good Game
game-hours: 739.0
review: Can't get much better than this!
game-hours: 20.6
review: Pros:
game-hours: 236.5
review: good game It is fun and enjoyable
game-hours: 46.7
review: If you like empire building this is the game for you! I would say that if you want to play on any setting other than novice it is tough!
game-hours: 353.8
review: My favourite game ever. 10/10
game-hours: 27.6
review: AWESOEM
game-hours: 125.5
review: This is one of my all time favorite games. It's a strategy came, but since you play in turns and not time, there's no stress. And it's not the type of game where you do the same things over and over again. There are several ways to win, several ways to play, so you don't get bored right away. I just love it!
game-hours: 43.2
review: Better than the previous Civ's Big maps, small maps, very intuitive Pick it up again after a while, and it's still as if you played yesterday Definitely worth it.
game-hours: 79.7
review: Beautiful. A million times better than the Call of Duty Francihse. 10/10 would buy rather than Advanced Warfare
game-hours: 56.6
review: FUN FUN FUN
game-hours: 97.6
review: This game has GIANT DEATH ROBOTS. get it
game-hours: 801.9
review: yeah b. Don't forget to wash behind your ears, that some ripe funk you got.
game-hours: 125.0
review: I spent so many nights playing for "just one more turn". This is easily one of my favorite versions of Civ.
game-hours: 151.6
review: Addicted! Get it!
game-hours: 119.0
review: It's not the best thing, but I did kill Ghandi with a gaint death robot. I guess its cool.
game-hours: 585.5
review: Nuked a guy proposing nuclear non-proliferation to the UN then paid everyone to embargo him. Russia voted against the embargo so I nuked them. 11/10 would play as Ghandi again.
game-hours: 252.6
review: Brilliant turn-based strategy game for anyone that enjoys the genre. Great to play with a bunch of friends.
game-hours: 91.9
review: If you don't know what Civ is, then please return to underneath the rock from which you were previously living your life. For everyone else, this is the epitome of turn based strategy. You raise your civ from dudes with hatches and bows to a sprawling metropolis complete with nukes and killer death robots. Yes, I said killer death robots. Yes, they are as awesome as they sound. If you're into turn based strategy then you really can't go wrong with Civ 5.
game-hours: 204.2
review: Game is pretty well done. The AI could use some work though
game-hours: 64.5
review: I played this game for 30ish hours in the past two weeks. That definately says something. Single player was a ton of fun, but add in a few friends WITH the AI and it makes it 10x better. 10/10.
game-hours: 132.7
review: Best way to waste days of your life.
game-hours: 95.7
review: Civ V has sucked up so much of my time. Ridiculously addicting and fun. Definitely play with friends if you can, but single-player is great as well!
game-hours: 32.7
review: It could be an excellent game if the multiplayer problems were not so annoying. Even in LAN we have lag and disconnection. It brings nothing but frustration, and that's really sad because the game is great in single player but could be even greater in multiplayer. For what this game gave me I can't recommand it.
game-hours: 19.2
review: Yep
game-hours: 212.3
review: Great mechanic perfectly redone!
game-hours: 47.3
review: Prerpare to watch your family, time, money, and social life melt away from you, all while not caring because those damn ethiopians declared war on you for making a city within 100 tiles of their capital. Somehow, through the magic of pixels and the Starbucks WiFi you now live off of, you finally manage to nuke the Huns. Looking up, you realize that you have grown old, frail, and bearded. Around you are the ruins of the city, cars on their sides, powerlines toppled. You check the date on your watch. It's 2040 now. You wonder how you scored.
game-hours: 50.7
review: well, so like, sorta, but like, no. Yea feel? It's kinda like, sure, you know? But also like no, you know? All in all, its prob like a 8.69/10 if I were to rate it. So yea. #sweg#no filter#too Kool.
game-hours: 322.7
review: Must have for every Civilization fan! Great turn-based game which mixes classic civ-approach with some new features like hex instead of square fields and more tactical approach in battles. If you want to try it I have to warn you - have a lot of hours prepared, because it is really time-eating game!
game-hours: 90.4
review: Jueguen si tienen un par de dias para perder. Si no, mejor no se acerquen.
game-hours: 166.8
review: A great strategy game that constantly varies in challenges. You always get a brand new map that challenges you to do the best out of the nearby resources and to play as best as you can with the civilization you are. Recommended to all strategy-game enthusiasts!
game-hours: 138.8
review: coooool
game-hours: 55.7
review: Well... This game is definitely worth buying if you are into strategy games. Create your civilisation, and watch it grow into the ultimate eutopia. Or watch it burn to the ground in a great war against other empires. Keep your friends close and keep your enemies in check in this strategy masterpiece.
game-hours: 115.3
review: this is a good game.
game-hours: 4.5
review: best game ever
game-hours: 2.3
review: RIPP OFF WINDOWS TAB 8 8" aFTER PURCHASE AFTER LOAD WONT RUN!
game-hours: 1.3
review: 'just one more turn'
game-hours: 40.0
review: I absolutely love this game. Being in highshool makes it kinda rough to play long multi-hour game. I picked up this game in mid November and I have managed to rack up almost 40 hours so far. I wasn't sure if I would like it before I bought it; after all, I had never played any turn based strategy games. However, after playing it, I have fallen in love with it. I have but one gripe, and that is that it is most enjoyable with all of the DLC. The cheapest way to get all of the DLC is in the complete edition, so it would be wise for someone who doesn't want to drop $50 on a single to buy it when it is on sale. Price complaints aside, this is probable one of my favorite games.
game-hours: 321.7
review: If you like turn-based strategy, you need this game like you need air. If you aren't sure what a turn based strategy game is or if you like one, you'll likely still find this game pretty awesome.
game-hours: 15.4
review: , Ave!
game-hours: 2.7
review: A very fun and easily recommended game. Sid Meier's Civilization V is a game sorta like Age of Empires where you build up a colony and then fight. The replay ability is awesome but there is something you must know. This game can get tedious. One game took me 2 days to complete. It was lots of fun while playing but I had to do tons of upgrades. It is really fun though and I recommend playing with your friends. 8/10!
game-hours: 55.8
review: I had to purchase the game 2 times in order to make it work properly with the DLC but i guess that's steam? who knows... been through hell for this but the game is good
game-hours: 175.7
review: great game
game-hours: 18.2
review: Great way to kill time and a great place for thinking. Also great that I can play online with my best friend who lives far away. Love the graphics!
game-hours: 1676.8
review: The ultimate classic game. Over 10 years it keeps me coming back time and again
game-hours: 26.9
review: Im like Master Chief, Who is such a boss, We both look good in green, Very cool, and very strong.
game-hours: 106.6
review: Get your kids to play it once 7+ (ish). Great tool for education as well as bringing me years of fun!
game-hours: 185.4
review: Great game. If you are willing to sit there for hours and controll the direction a civilization evolves over the eons this is for you. If you want a fast game loook else where
game-hours: 287.3
review: Another Sid Meier masterpiece
game-hours: 303.5
review: How to win: Go to war Pillage and kill everything AI doesn't care that cities are all dying of starvation Take 1 city Everyone hates you now Get nukes Shoot them at Gandhi Miss Get invaded by hyperadvanced soldiers Die Cry Reload save ... Profit!
game-hours: 153.7
review: My most played Game on Steam. Im playing this til some good Beyond Earth DLC's get released
game-hours: 107.4
review: Must buy game, so many options, so in-depth strategy, great graphics, addictive gameplay...what more do you need!
game-hours: 33.6
review: So I bought this game when it was on sale for 9.99 for me and my friend. Realised I needed all the DLC so we bought the Complete Edition for 17.99 each. So 19.98 already wasted at this point. Then the Complete Edition goes on sale for 8.74. Gunshots echo. Oh right the game? Yeah its good.
game-hours: 25.6
review: Do we have a chance to have a polish subtitles in CIV 5 on MAC?
game-hours: 107.2
review: Great game in the series, great graphics. Highly recommend for any Civ fans!
game-hours: 65.2
review: yes
game-hours: 193.1
review: Op game, plox buy
game-hours: 230.0
review: Another Civilization. Quality strategy game, but yeah, it's still much of the same thing so if you're burnt out on the typical "Civ-take-over-the-world" gameplay, you may want to try something different. It's been a few years since I played a Civ game so I don't know if this was implemented in Civ4 and I don't remember it, but I really like the new mechanics for religion and diplomacy. Espionage too is much more fair. I bought the Gold Edition so I get to play as a civilization that is sometimes shunned -- the Vikings! Another terrific Civilization. If you played the older verisons, you'll learn quickly. If you've never played Civilization, you're missing out. Maybe the best turn-based strategy series ever designed exclusively for the PC?
game-hours: 379.9
review: great strategy game for anyone who has a little too much time on their hands
game-hours: 1433.1
review: Best game in the series!
game-hours: 75.1
review: 100% play this game 12% of the time
game-hours: 288.8
review: Build a nice little city. then build another one. then build one to piss off other people. then rule the wrold. then realize that it is now thursday and you have miss 3 days and you still click next turn because you have a problem. yeah its that type of game
game-hours: 418.0
review: It's the only game where you can start at 8 am and stop at 8 pm, and realise that 2 whole days has passed.
game-hours: 245.1
review: If you have never played Civilization, don't start unless you have a free weekend. Before you know it, it will be Sunday night and you will be wondering "Why Ghandi hates me so much."
game-hours: 386.7
review: AMAZING GAME OHH MAH GURRRD! It takes over 5 hours to finish one game but its amzing.
game-hours: 90.6
review: Not that good without the expansions but still a good way to spend time.
game-hours: 163.7
review: This game is absolutly amazing 50/10
game-hours: 55.4
review: A huge fun game, that is one f the smartest toughest things to master. would tots recommened.
game-hours: 777.0
review: The best Civilization ever, also the best strategy game i have ever played. I recommend using both Gods and Kings and brave new world Expansion packs for the full Civilization feeling. just one more turn.....
game-hours: 228.7
review: If you like games that keep you up until sunrise, then this is the game for you
game-hours: 126.8
review: LOTS OF FUN
game-hours: 504.3
review: This is a fantastic turn-based strategy game that will chew through your time like Godzilla through Tokyo. The screenshots may look like it's a complex game, but it's actually a very simple game with a lot of depth. The interface has been polished to such a degree that it keeps pulling you in. Anyone willing to give this game 10 minutes of their time will find themselves looking at the clock at 4 AM, blinking in disbelief and wondering where the time went ("Just... one... more... turn!") And the random world generator means that no two games will ever be alike. I'm not exaggerating when I say that this is one of the greatest games of all time.
game-hours: 143.6
review: My favorite strategy game. If you've ever played any other turn-based strategy game, you'll enjoy this one.
game-hours: 96.3
review: Simpily awsome!
game-hours: 78.3
review: Just one more turn...
game-hours: 4.7
review: DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. I bought the game, started it once and immediately it crashes. I open it again, select the right Direx and NOTHING HAPENS. I have tryed all and i mean ALL!!!!
game-hours: 197.2
review: Deciede To Play for 10 mins realise that the 10 years have passed then find out that civilisation VIII is already out
game-hours: 82.7
review: you can play as armstrong against madoka, big boss and hitler
game-hours: 15.3
review: There's nothing you can do... start playing, and you'll end up knowing only one sentence: "One more turn." 'nuff said.
game-hours: 1388.2
review: A game you can start playing at 5:00 pm and when you're still going at 3:00 am you won't even care. Absolutely fantastic.
game-hours: 122.5
review: Fantastic game with tons of replayability.
game-hours: 145.3
review: Absolutely buy it.
game-hours: 13.4
review: Very fun game to play with friends. It is a very good trategy game. I went fropm Civ Revolution to Civ 5 and it was an amazing transfer. Although i did have to relearn everything about it. I would rate it 9/10, some gameplay mechanics on lower quality setting are a bit wierd and un playable with.
game-hours: 64.8
review: I created the United States of Africa and Canada
game-hours: 273.3
review: Great game with DLC that actually changes how you play.
game-hours: 27.2
review: Nice game or something like that
game-hours: 11.4
review: Great game :)
game-hours: 64.8
review: This  is great
game-hours: 44.4
review: Burn countless hours of your life away with this fantastic game.
game-hours: 29.2
review: Very good game i enjoy it
game-hours: 217.1
review: This game well swallow hours like no other. Absolutely incredible.
game-hours: 135.9
review: great game
game-hours: 244.6
review: It's different from the previous Civ games. Not worse, just different. The old ones 1-4, were only really strategically challending, but Civ 5 is much more tactically challenging. It's still about the overall strategy of where to build cities, when, how and how much you want to expand... but in Civ 5, you have to think a lot more about the placement of your troops. I like this change, and if you want to play each era's units in proper wars (and have the time to do so), a Marathon length game is quite fun... but it's going to take some 50-100 hours to get to the endgame!
game-hours: 3.1
review: Just one more turn, I swear, I'm only going to play just one.... more.... turn......
game-hours: 23.8
review: >8:00 pm "I'll just play for an hour" Look at clock >2:00 am 10/10
game-hours: 90.1
review: Totally the shizzle, get this! :)
game-hours: 80.0
review: Hours of fun. Very strategic, which can be daunting for first-time players. However, with a few games and maybe some online strategic help you can pretty much grasp how to play more tactically. Once I'd started playing with friends, I learned more about how to co-ordinate your Civilizations and how use their abilities and the resources around you to your advantage. I'd recommend taking a slow approach, and focus on culture victories to lengthen the game and make it an overall more immersive experience. Military victories can just be downright irritating, especially for other players for a number of reasons. Don't expect much from the AI. From the few games I've had involving them they're either too easy or far too annoying, usually ending in their Genocide. Buy it! Especially if on Sale! Get the special edition with the DLC if possible. Everything up to, and including BNW.
game-hours: 46.5
review: It's a nice turn based strategy game, although honestly the game takes way too much of your time. Besides that, the game is full of strategy and a lot to learn, get it's easy to jump in and play the game. If you want to be great, you'll have to study a bit and play a lot, if you want to have some fun, just play. Online game kind of sucks though, sadly.
game-hours: 31.4
review: This is a major time sink for me. Great to waste your holidays away!
game-hours: 358.9
review: Pretty much one of the best strategy games of all time.
game-hours: 65.0
review: Best strategy game I've ever played. Enough said.
game-hours: 464.0
review: It's Civilization, for god's sake. Just grab it.
game-hours: 127.6
review: Disappointing. The punchline is: it's just not fun. I love 4x games, and I do sometimes play Civ V, just to get my fix, but even with the newest expansion (Brave New World). It's not that fun. Civ IV is better in almost every way. - Interface is clunky. Lots of information is hidden. e.g. a research treaty just finished - what did I get out of it? - Diplomacy still feels weird. Why must all deals be for a fixed period of time? Why can't they be indefinate, for as long as you want? And with the AI being such an unreliable partner, playing the game of diplomacy just feels like a waste fo time. - Resource usage feels arbitrary. Why does a swordsman require iron, but not a submarine? ... and much much more. If you're new to 4x, you may enjoy this game, but if you want a game that makes sense, that is elegant, that balances strategy, complexity, and fun. This isn't it.
game-hours: 169.6
review: Haven't played the Civilization-series before I tried the 5th game, and I must say I regret I didn't try it earlier. It takes a little while to get in the gameplay, but it's that perfect casual, relaxing and fun difficulity level. As far as I can tell, if you like strategy-games, and want a bit more in-depth than, say, Age of Empires/Wonders, but still not as advanced as Europa Universalis and such games, this is the perfect game to start when you want to relax and get in to something that takes 10-50 hours.
game-hours: 64.8
review: Don't trust Gandhi (He has nukes)
game-hours: 59.4
review: yes just buy it yes
game-hours: 1054.6
review: if the real world was like Civ 5, russia would own all ov asia and england would still be pissed at america for going t war 3000 years ago 10/10 would nuke as gandhi again
game-hours: 3.6
review: My own words can not express my feelings for this game, so here's the lyrics to "The Rose" by Bette Midler. =========================================================================== Some say love, it is a river That drowns the tender reed. Some say love, it is a razor That leaves your soul to bleed. Some say love, it is a hunger, An endless aching need. I say love, it is a flower, And you its only seed. It's the heart afraid of breaking That never learns to dance. It's the dream afraid of waking That never takes the chance. It's the one who won't be taken, Who cannot seem to give, And the soul afraid of dyin' That never learns to live. When the night has been too lonely And the road has been too long, And you think that love is only For the lucky and the strong, Just remember in the winter Far beneath the bitter snows Lies the seed that with the sun's love In the spring becomes the rose.
game-hours: 29.7
review: dank
game-hours: 997.4
review: It's the true legacy of the Civilization series and probably the best turn based strategies ever made. Excellent details on trade, religion, military, science and politics. It's a must.
game-hours: 181.7
review: Let me spin a tale of truth and sorrow....You know all these nations, some of which you previouly admired? Well  that. You will unleash the fury of your inner demons upon various pixels after watching them *attempt* to fight back. Long story short: Get the game.
game-hours: 479.6
review: With well over 400 hours, damn right I recommend this game. It's slow, methodical, deliberate and turn-based so it's not for the FPS purist but this game is great for any mood or intention - from a lazy Netflix accompaniment to a frustrating challenge, depending on your predetermined difficulty level. There is a moderate learning curve as you begin to balance different aspects of the game, so I stronly suggest you take in the "vanilla" game first, then begin layering the DLCs in the order they were released, that is: Gods and Kings' religion and Brave New World's new tourism (and culture and diplomacy overhauls) will amount to too many extra things to worry about at first. Stick with the core gold, culture, happiness, military worries.
game-hours: 496.2
review: This game is so much fun. it may be time consumming but still fun
game-hours: 130.3
review: If you enjoy playing Risk or Settlers of Catan, pick this game up. It sets up compelling, friendship destroying conflicts that will have your group debating for days.
game-hours: 125.7
review: Stop reading reviews and buy the game.. 69/10 - Would have been 70/10 but the scumbag Ghandi won..
game-hours: 969.6
review: A superb addition to the sid meier genre together with "Gods and Kings",but for online players whats the rush,"Take it easy"
game-hours: 44.8
review: Time consuming but an amazing game! 5/5
game-hours: 394.3
review: Remember kids stay in school, eat your vegitables, and don't trust Ghandi he will peel off your toes. 11/10
game-hours: 61.3
review: A game that puts your civilization skills to the test... and playing with friends makes the expierence even better.
game-hours: 57.5
review: You will lose hours in this game. Make sure to have a toilet near by, chips at your hand, and a soda or drink near you. Sleep? Who needs it. WORLD DOMINATION!
game-hours: 141.0
review: I got nuked. 10/10
game-hours: 165.9
review: To somebody wanting to pick up this game: wait for a sale, and get the complete edition. It'll be worth it. Once you've played with Brave New World and Gods & Kings, it's impossible to go back. Also, do not go for an epic or a marathon game on your first try. I'd go with quick, just so you figure out how it all works. It's kind of an oxymoron, though. A quick game of Civilization? Impossible.
game-hours: 79.6
review: Best Played with Brave New World but still a good game without it.
game-hours: 84.9
review: Epic! So Good!
game-hours: 358.5
review: Maybe not as fleshed out as civ 4 with all expansions, but I enjoy the hex grid and the new costomizeablility of religion. You can't pass up the complete edition on sale if you enjoy turn based strategy, or even strategy in general. Casual or hardcore.
game-hours: 36.8
review: yolo
game-hours: 89.9
review: A relaxing evening of strategy amongst friends is recommended for the best experience.
game-hours: 17.9
review: I got nuked a bunch by ghandi. 10/10
game-hours: 209.4
review: You can use nuclear weapons on barbarian pikeman units. 11/10 would be nuked by Ghandi before I research nukes again.
game-hours: 68.9
review: Highly recommended. I'll start a game with the intention of only playing for a few hours, then next thing you know I'm taking over the world at 3am on a work night.
game-hours: 89.4
review: I love it already yolo/10
game-hours: 421.5
review: After many many many many many hours of playing Civ I can assure anybody that it is fantastical. For maximum pleasure ensure that you get all the DLC - gotta catch em all!
game-hours: 88.3
review: ehhhhh
game-hours: 83.2
review: dope
game-hours: 16.4
review: Great turn based strategy. Beautifully and ergonomically presented and really easy to pick up.
game-hours: 0.2
review: Good game if you get it on sale
game-hours: 383.9
review: Great game
game-hours: 434.3
review: THIS GAME IS AMAZING
game-hours: 118.7
review: There are few grand strategy/casual play games that pull it off as well as the Civ series. Civ 5 is one of my favourites. Easy to get to grips with, a great game to chill out with and play with friends and there is always that sense of grim satisfaction when you nuke a nation into non-existance, while they are still in the bronze age.
game-hours: 126.4
review: Just one more turn... And then it's 3 am.
game-hours: 89.7
review: A very fun game, even more fun when you play it with your friends. Multiplayer is easy to set up.
game-hours: 213.8
review: great game!!!!
game-hours: 387.0
review: it is veru fun
game-hours: 69.7
review: Viciante!
game-hours: 211.9
review: Love this game the only complant that i have is the lag that happens near the end of the game. I hope the next game is smoother. also love the new combat not being able to stack units.
game-hours: 112.4
review: If you are a fan of civilization-type games, you will not be dissapointed. It is strangely addictive! The only downside would be re-playability. Although there are countless configurations for the game setup, and mods available, the general build-order doesn't change much. You get to realize what things work and what doesn't work, and you just stick with it. Would be nice if more mods addressed this issue, but still, a game I keep going back to!
game-hours: 187.5
review: yes
game-hours: 0.5
review: i bought this game at full price and only played it once what the . you have to be heavily autistic to actually get your moneys worth.
game-hours: 49.5
review: This game will have you addicted for hours. Soon you will have no life. 10/10 great buy!
game-hours: 461.4
review: Wholeheartedly I recommend this game! This game really forces one to think about what they wanna do. Been playing this for two years and I still love it.
game-hours: 482.0
review: Would not reccomend, bought game at release, just now realizing it's 2014
game-hours: 39.7
review: This game is alot of fun and easy to get into! but also has alot of game play and replay value
game-hours: 324.2
review: Great game overall. Really worth its money. Love my Civ!
game-hours: 300.4
review: I really enjoy Civilization V. Exploring the world, building up armies, learning about the different artists and empires. Pretty fun!
game-hours: 221.4
review: Great turn based strategy, with some interesting new gameplay mechanics compared to the previous games.
game-hours: 104.3
review: Highly addictive game. You build your civilization from the ground up. Make or break alliances with other nations. Control the world through military conquest, cultural influence, scientific discovery, and much more. My only complaint is that it takes forever for the game to load on my Mac, but on my PC it's lightning fast.
game-hours: 126.8
review: It's ok
game-hours: 76.3
review: Awesome!! Fun to play!
game-hours: 15.9
review: I dont think its as good as 4 bu its still fun :) One more click.....
game-hours: 50.1
review: This game is incredible. In my opinion it is quite fun as a stand-alone, but it is much more fun in the complete version. When alone the game flies by however it will become boring after extended periods of time. With your friends this game is even more fun as it allows you to enhance the experience by playing against other gamers of your level.
game-hours: 395.1
review: The game has a steep learning curve but once you get used to it it is really fun. Single player is great and Multiplayer, in my opinion, a lot better when playing with friends. A must have for strategy lovers.
game-hours: 43.5
review: Fun game both as a single player and multi player! Expect to put a few hours in at the very least. It's addiciting, you won't be able to pull away.
game-hours: 121.2
review: Excellent game. A lot of replay value and a lot of nations to keep you company. Every game feels extremely different!
game-hours: 12.1
review: Great game 5 stars
game-hours: 142.1
review: Good game.
game-hours: 309.9
review: This might sound like apocrypha, but when combined with the expansions and dlc, Civ V has become my favourite game in the series. The gameplay mechanics and additional civilizations added by the expansions and dlc make it a rich and rewarding experience. I have a particular soft spot for the aesthetic style of the game, which feels like a beautiful board game. I've spent many hours playing this installment and don't regret a second of it.
game-hours: 48.2
review: Fun fun fun
game-hours: 331.6
review: 7/6
game-hours: 302.4
review: A great strategy game, unique with it's protracted gameplay creates a hardcore type of group of friends much like D&D.
game-hours: 20.1
review: One of my favorite casual strategy games ever. The whole series has been great. Loved it all through my childhood and teenage years and as an adult I can say nothing has changed my feelings. Civ V itself wasn't my favorite but now with the two large DLC packs it has a good chance of becoming my favorite.
game-hours: 558.4
review: I like this game
game-hours: 479.7
review: 300hrs... I regret nothing.
game-hours: 411.1
review: Build, conquer, destory, amazing.
game-hours: 874.8
review: IS AMAZIN
game-hours: 213.3
review: This is a great game
game-hours: 106.7
review: If you have many hours to waste killing other factions and being a ruthless  then THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU :D I love it to pieces, the design is nice and the AI is smart even though they can occasionaly randomly denounce you for NAY GOOD REASON <3 love this game 8/10
game-hours: 19.6
review: fun game
game-hours: 23.8
review: Buy it.
game-hours: 81.3
review: ITS
game-hours: 109.8
review: Works perfect on Ubuntu
game-hours: 448.2
review: Want to rewrite history? And nuke everyone? Then this is for you.
game-hours: 256.0
review: As someone who was attacked by Civ 3, manage to survive Civ 4, and now is fighting Civ 5... i can say: Buy this game!!! If you played Civ before than you know how addictive this game is. if you haven't played it than you should get it now, and give your free time to this game... that's a lie.... you WILL give it ALL of your time, because it's a Civ game.
game-hours: 172.5
review: Engrossing turn-based empire-builder with simultaneous-turn multiplayer, an excellent game.
game-hours: 366.2
review: FABULOUS! It has a perfect mix of fun fiction, and intriguing realism! 10/10
game-hours: 88.3
review: Great Game! So addictive.
game-hours: 58.6
review: Turned U.S.A into nuclear wasteland while playing as Rome 10/10
game-hours: 144.0
review: Simply an incredibly engrossing game. Compared to rival series such as Total War, Civ 5 is wonderfully accessible; the interface ensures that you'll never miss available actions by queueing them, and the at-first complicated map is quickly made understandable thanks to a comprehensive encyclopedia and advisor system. While I can't comment on the accuracy of the language the world leaders speak, they are all visually well represented, having clear, fun animations when you decide to trade with or declare war on them. The soundtrack is suitably evocative of the various world cultures, and a gamut of settings for maps and variables ensures the even if you tire of the unique scenarios or the main game, there is always the option of creating custom matches. Strongly recommended for anyone who enjoys historical and/or nation simulation games.
game-hours: 108.8
review: Great game and I would highly recommend to any Strategy lovers
game-hours: 88.1
review: Not much to say about it. A very deep game with different styles of play. I reccomend this to anyone who is into these kinds of games, if ou liked Age of Empires, youl like this too
game-hours: 268.3
review: "Just one.. more.. turn.. I promise! This time.." trying to convince myself to go to bed while playing in to the wee hours of the night.
game-hours: 133.8
review: hours of fun every game is different and tons of user created content 5/5
game-hours: 47.6
review: Y U DO DIS GHANDI
game-hours: 55.9
review: once you learn it the game can be addicting 10/10 i have not played any previous civ game other than the console version
game-hours: 202.7
review: Civ V is an insanely great game. Wonderful visuals and powerful game mechanics make this game in my top ten games of all time.
game-hours: 116.6
review: Warning: this game will make time disappear. Seriously how long can just one more turn take?
game-hours: 13.5
review: This game is so much better than beyond earth! Beyond earth isnt that great of a game like this one, my favourite thing about this game is that you go up in ages from a round wheel to space age, but beyond earth its all in the same age with only technological upgrades and the units you get.. well lets just say theres not a lot. Prefer this game 10 out of 10 than beyond earth! Well lets just wait, the game was only recently released hoefully they will put in a lot more DLC into the game to make it more fun, at least put in more units than just the basic ones. Still have no idea how to use the jets yet so complicated or maybe its just glitched out because i cant make them move any where around the map or to hover/guard a tile
game-hours: 285.2
review: dankiest meme ever
game-hours: 16.0
review: I played Civ II when I was a 13 years old child, and I still remember these long, sometimes even overnight sessions ;). I skipped Civ III and IV, as I was always feeling of it being the same than before, but then I found Civ V on steam winter sale and bought it. And it still feels like in my memories. So one might say that there wasn't much innovation, but when Civ wasn't played a long time ago or Civ hasn't been played at all this feeling of growing a nation and becoming more and more powerful is still great. And still it produces the same "One more round" feeling as always before. Personally I recommend Civ V to everyone who hasn't played Civ at all or where it has been a while. For the ones who played III and IV I have the feeling that it's still the same.
game-hours: 42.3
review: Most of the time I don't know what I'm doing, which is good cause no one else does either. Enjoyable experience but you need to play with friends.
game-hours: 540.4
review: Takes awhile to learn, but incredible once you do
game-hours: 268.7
review: Fix the multiplayer. It reconnects like every 5 turns and it's not our internet. Fix this and I'll recommend.
game-hours: 122.2
review: Nicholas cage says yes
game-hours: 176.6
review: good game, if you have nothing to do, pop this in, and enjoy yor entire day wasited. but at least that day was fun.
game-hours: 271.7
review: Awesome game ! true to the civilization series. A must buy!
game-hours: 396.8
review: Civ v is a fantastic game. It is such an enthralling world, that I forget to eat, forget to sleep. One more turn...
game-hours: 120.7
review: The only time ghandi will ever nuke you! 10/10 can recommend!
game-hours: 1030.2
review: One of the best games I have ever played. Ultimate replay value.
game-hours: 86.2
review: love it!
game-hours: 21.3
review: IT'S THE BEES KNEEZ.
game-hours: 17.4
review: Great game, definitely buy expansions.
game-hours: 304.4
review: Gamers masturbate. Sometimes its quick, but its usually a 4-5 hour brick of time you spend looking for that one pic or video. Afterwards, you feel that overwhelming rush of "the heck did I just spend all that time doing? I completely wasted my day/night/morning/lunch break" You feel ashamed and clear all of your browsing and search history so that nobody will ever see it, even though you know nobody will ever be in that position. And no matter how hard you chastise yourself for it, you knew. You knew it was what you wanted to do. You enjoyed it. You aren't ashamed of what you were watching. You're going to do it again, and it's going to be a little better. Maybe get someone to jack you off? Who knows, but you do it again, and the entire cycle repeats. (minus the person to jerk you off, because if i'm getting a handjob it it's gonna be from myself. I know how i like it, not gonna trust some dame that has no experience with my junk). That's Civ 5. It's perfect. It touches you deep in a way that only you can touch yourself. You start the game. The music plays. My god. The music. The music plays. Did you listen to it? No? Turn off the sound effects and pump the music up. Everything you do with that on will be epic. Now, there's gameplay about to happen. But , man, the music. Ok, the music is staying. You launch into a game. You have either 1: played a civilization game or 2: have not played a civilization game. Does it matter? No. The tooltips will tell you exactly how to do stuff. Don't need em? Get rid of em in the menu. Now play the game. The entire game, until you win or lose. There's a lot of ways to win, but only one way to lose: Don't win. And yeah, it's going to try hard to make sure that you don't win. And there's 8 difficulties that will progressively make you not win even more than the level before it. But AI is predictable in every game, right? Somewhat in this one. Like, Gandhi's gonna not like it if you're out there nuking places, but Shaka Zulu? Yeah, he'll be the guy turning the other key on the ignition for you. Its predictible randomness makes this game amazing. Okay, it's about 2-7 hours later, depending on game size. You just won/lost because you rule/suck. That's cool. That's the game, right? Play it and it's done? Nah. You're probably going to be looking at the menu screen ready to hit "Exit to Desktop" and then you say to yourself "...I wanna try this other strategy/civilization/tactic/victory condition." Guess what? You're already playing again. The exit button is a lie. TL;DR ---------- If you don't buy this game you should drive off of a bridge. It's definitely one of the first 5 games that anybody that wants to play PC games should try out. And if you're someone like me that's been playing videogames since in diapers in the mid 80s, you're going to have zero excuse for not wanting to play this game harder than you beat your .
game-hours: 315.6
review: great game
game-hours: 195.5
review: 142 hours and still playing.
game-hours: 289.2
review: Everything you have come to expect from a great 4X game. It'd be nice if the AI was a bit more capable/varied, and there was some way to finish a multiplayer game in less than a month.
game-hours: 207.6
review: You'll see true nature of yourself and your friends. 9/10 will play from time to time with friends.
game-hours: 10.3
review: ()   multiplayer   :D  9/10
game-hours: 309.9
review: Judging by how many hours I've played, you know the awnser...
game-hours: 72.1
review: Amazing strategy game once you figure out the basics of how the game is to be played. Can be a bit confusing at first but is a great amount of fun once you play with a few friends. Just make sure to set aside a few hours before playing as the games can take a good while to finish. I would rate this game a 8.5/10.
game-hours: 291.7
review: Swaggin 8/8 gr8 game m8
game-hours: 334.5
review: I would recommend this game because it's a lot more fun and a lot harder than it appears to be. I stumbled across this game for no particular reason and i wouldn't know how to describe it since it's really a new experience for me. A lot of people seeing this game for the first time say: "So that's like age of empires". I would say yes and a whole lot more than that.
game-hours: 86.3
review: Love Playing every Moment of this game. 10/10
game-hours: 467.3
review: One of the best games ever. Whats more?)
game-hours: 27.4
review: Okay so every match will take you about 500000 days you cant just step away from the game because then your like one more turn maybe one more for 7 hours then you find yourself failing classes, losing a wife, mising work, and losing electricity but still playing because its infused into your brain.Get friends to play with you a lot more fun. you have to buy the complete edition to enjoy this game. if not your missing out on a lot of stuff and the game will be boring without the dlc honestly. God and kings you dont need but it gives you a lot of civilizations.
game-hours: 81.4
review: addicting, deep, and smart AI
game-hours: 46.4
review: I just baught this last week...should of waited. Great game if you enjoy taking hours of your day and turning them into a strategically turn-based time killer.
game-hours: 312.7
review: Another great addition to the Civ library. Not quite as polished as Civ 4, but once you get the expansions it easily exceeds how great 4 was, even with Beyond the Sword.
game-hours: 56.5
review: Its CIV. Its awesome.
game-hours: 147.8
review: Although most games (Within this game), Start out slow, The late game is fun, and too fast. Use nukes to destroy armies, and pollute your enemies lands. Use killer Robots to walk through people. Maybe start early and use Knight's to destroy Warriors. The Game is very fast for the skilled, and very slow to the beginner's. Don't let that scare you though, Slow beginnings only strengthen you for the quick ending, You'd rather fight off.
game-hours: 31.0
review: I played the old Civ2/3 and 4 for hundreds of hours, especially part 4. The mods were the best you can find for a game. So I bought, at this steam summer sale 2014, Civ5. It's a nice single player game, with room to improve. At first, multicore support! The more physical cores, the faster you can end a turn. In the later game it's worth gold. (The main and only problem of Civ4.) The graphic is nice, a hexagon field layout brings more tactic. Also fresh units and functions like distant battle, religion system... But I said improve? Actual the list is too long to write all of it. So I will give a few points. Better game options, mechanics and more units/buildings/techs/research. For example: It's impossible to minimize the game. Or set a number of fields a city can manage. Actual it is a ring of 3 fields. More later. The number of buildings to develop the city is quite low. Multiplayer: This part is catastrophic. You have no filter options for partys, only to sort. No way to manage a self-made multiplayer party like, set a start-time, change party-options with the current guests in it (party not started yet).... Or even how many human players are needed. A password for your self-made-online partys or using mods.... It looks like the developers never seen a multiplayer(-strategie) setup. But now to the units/mechanics...: Especially players from part 4 will be disillusioned. In the current state, is Civ5, with the "DLC"'s "Brave new World" and "Gods and Knights" , not even close to it's old form. Players started to bring back old functions/civilizations/wonders/buildings/technologies/units... of Civ4 as mods. Like enlarge the number of fields a city can manage, foreign trade routes, health and plagues, companies... Another point is the lack of customization(options) and information. For example you can't forbid units, choose the real size of a map or get a preview of your settings for the world generator (which games like Sins of a Solar Empire already offer, before Civ5). Also you wouldn't get information for your settlers how much place the full developed city will take. Or the promotion system, which offers promotions that are no longer useful if you upgrade your units. And it's quite empty with room for more promotions. Mods could help, but later more to the mods. Modding: The modding section suffers a support in debugging-tools. And there is no help from 2K/Firaxis. So you better play the unmodded game. Otherwise you will face bugs and crashes without knowing: Was it a mod or the original game? As I said, the support only will give you a: "Unfortunately we do not condone the use of modifications. Sorry for the inconvenience." (Actual answer from 2K support.) So there is no way for you or others to fix it or even to localize the bug. The DLC's: The ugliest part of the DLC history. You can buy game parts that should be implemented. Like wonders, civilizations and units. It looks like these DLC's are cut out to sell them separately. Or there was no time to bring them in the first version and then they thought: Why not sell them as extra income? Ignoring all of that it's a nice single-player game. It works fine an there are also works on it like debugging and balancing. Only the price is a bit over the top. In my opinion the game needs more time to evolve, go back to it's roots and old strong points. The modders had many good ideas, why not get inspired by them? Or even look at the older Civilizations? So it's a can buy but not a must if you loved Civilization4.
game-hours: 98.6
review: civ V best V
game-hours: 374.8
review: just one more turn....
game-hours: 100.3
review: This is a surprisingly enjoyable and highly addictive game. I didn't expect to find it as absorbing as I did, but it is much better tutorialised than previous games in the series, making it more accessible. Just... one... more... turn...
game-hours: 32.8
review: Best turn-based stradegy game I've ever played! Highly recommend
game-hours: 356.1
review: Buy it you .
game-hours: 113.9
review: Great game, would play again.
game-hours: 427.9
review: nice game, dude
game-hours: 803.1
review: They mean it when they say "Just one more turn."
game-hours: 227.7
review: Awesome Game, definitely politically active.
game-hours: 48.2
review: warlord ghandi, nuff said
game-hours: 819.4
review: hands down amazing game, very simple gaemplay, and very very very addicting, "MUST DO ONE MORE TURN!!!" is what you will be saying.
game-hours: 582.6
review: I could speak volumes about how much I've enjoyed this game, however, I'll try to keep it short. 1) This game is the standard by which all 4X games are currently measured 2) This game and Skyrim are the highest quality games I've played in my lifetime in terms of pretty much every metric there is. I will give this one the edge on balance over Skyrim though. (yes I realize they are 2 separate genres) Even if you're not sure how you feel about strategy games I would suggest this one as a great starting point so that at least the frustrations of poor design don't mar your initial experience and you can truly decide for yourself based on the gameplay whether or not you are a strategy fan. I wish more game developers could uphold the standard of quality that Civ 5 exhibits.
game-hours: 178.5
review: This turned based strategy game will suck away your life. Would Recommend.
game-hours: 78.9
review: BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 806.8
review: Probably my favorite game ever. Took some time to get used to changes from IV, but I said the same about IV from III...
game-hours: 104.7
review: Days are lost to this game.
game-hours: 45.4
review: I LOVE this game, but fair warning, it's addictive as all get-out
game-hours: 62.4
review: Love this game, The Xcom soldiers feel like cheating though.
game-hours: 94.4
review: Yes.
game-hours: 23.4
review: Spooky game where everyone hates you. Its like real life
game-hours: 104.5
review: hours of fun
game-hours: 136.5
review: Great game. The game looks great and difficulty can range from easy to ridiculously challenging. Games will take hours to complete, but it'll fly by.
game-hours: 1383.5
review: It released 4 years ago and people are still playing it. 'nuf said
game-hours: 68.9
review: It is an all around good game.
game-hours: 395.2
review: Great game. The AI can be a bit dumb, though.
game-hours: 102.9
review: Absolutely love this game. So much hours of replayability - I totally feel like I could play this for ten times what I've already put into it in terms of hours. Really awesome gameplay that is incredibly intuitive and streamlined.
game-hours: 268.3
review: +Gameplay +Very entertaining multiplayer +Graphics +Longevity -Pretty bad AI/Difficulty levels -Lots of micromanaging lategame Overall: Buy BNW to get maximum out of the game. 9/10, would throw life away again.
game-hours: 64.1
review: I AM THE MIGHTY WARLORD GHANDI. KNEEL BEFORE MY NUCLEAR POWER.
game-hours: 20.9
review: This is an amazing game. If you like strategy games buy this!
game-hours: 84.5
review: I cannot recommend this game enough. Incredibly deep and varied gameplay, great music and graphics, and a superb all around experience.
game-hours: 348.1
review: This game is good
game-hours: 91.7
review: just get this game and all the DLC. you'll thank me later
game-hours: 141.1
review: This game is AMAZING! I love the strategy and the many different ways to play the game. You aren't just limited to doing just a few things to win, there are so many! I would reccomend this game to anyone, even if they aren't a fan of these types of games.
game-hours: 371.2
review: Great game! Must play!
game-hours: 63.5
review: a GOOD game A GOOD game
game-hours: 67.8
review: Russia came, Russia saw, Russia conqured all.
game-hours: 414.0
review: This game is really fun w/ or without friends! It's a real good game to past time. I recommend this game! Worth the money.
game-hours: 119.9
review: i like dogs
game-hours: 91.6
review: This game is a really enjoyable game for those people that have the time, it does take a while and has a deceent learning curve but it is extremely enjoyable and also a bit of a learning experience at the same time.
game-hours: 27.6
review: Great game.
game-hours: 1213.6
review: 1000h of activity. And I want only one more turn...
game-hours: 932.9
review: It's really a great game. If you need proof at how much I like it, just look at my time played.
game-hours: 144.5
review: WOW Big AMAZING!
game-hours: 73.8
review: This is cool game ever.
game-hours: 34.7
review: Dis be dope as hell yo
game-hours: 5.7
review: Awesome game!
game-hours: 106.9
review: I love the game it is sooooo adictive, my only complaint is how long it takes, but I can live with that. I just really enjoy the game.
game-hours: 40.6
review: At first, Gods and Kings was satisfying enough, but then late game began to suffer from a militaristic -focused drive. Either you steamrolled or you got steamrolled. But now with Brave New World, you can break their trade routes, destory their diplomatic relationships, and strip them of everything they have before claiming their lands.
game-hours: 292.2
review: Best turn based stardegy to play with friends.
game-hours: 46.2
review: GUD
game-hours: 127.7
review: This game is worth every penny!! DO BUY!
game-hours: 348.8
review: Civ V will keep you occupied for hours. And if you play badly enough, your cities will be occupied for hours too.
game-hours: 30.1
review: This game has limitless replay value. With the amount of mods, and completely different game modes and combinations, it gives an experience like non other.
game-hours: 66.9
review: Killed Rob Ford as Shrek with the help of Hitler. 10/10 would mod again.
game-hours: 134.3
review: The sweet revenge of nuking everyone who denounced you repeatedly. 10/10
game-hours: 60.4
review: 11/10 best game since Civ IV.
game-hours: 17.8
review: A really good game to buy if you like strategic games .
game-hours: 39.2
review: aids
game-hours: 214.1
review: I really really really should do my homework. Let me just settle this research agreement first. OK i should REALLY finish writing my research paper. I just unlocked flight.. maybe after a few more turns. Huh... failed every class but macroeconomics this semester.
game-hours: 125.7
review: Easily one of my favorite games. Seriously, if you still don't have it, you don't know what the meaning of life is.
game-hours: 18.8
review: 18 hours never finished a game. 10/10
game-hours: 54.8
review: PURE AWSOME
game-hours: 148.9
review: Best... game... eva P.S. Autocracy is the best
game-hours: 318.1
review: Anyone that likes 4X games will love this game
game-hours: 118.4
review: Got Nuked by Ghandi 10/10
game-hours: 113.6
review: They will bend the knee or be destroyed.
game-hours: 336.2
review: Very good game, would recomend
game-hours: 204.3
review: Absolutely fantastic game. It takes a lot of time that you'll be happy you spent having fun.
game-hours: 312.1
review: this is the funniest game ever
game-hours: 147.3
review: U sit Down Pick A Civ And Begin The Journey to last the test of time And Theres Warlord Ghandi 100/10
game-hours: 84.4
review: Very fun game. Adds some new features that I think give it a more realistic feel. Great Buy.
game-hours: 474.6
review: an ok game but i think that it is ok too!
game-hours: 43.6
review: Franchise never lets me down, one of my favorite turn-based strategies.
game-hours: 48.3
review: Great immersive gameplay, played 20 hours in the first 2 weeks.
game-hours: 239.9
review: Very Fun. Easy to waste hours or days on a complex game.
game-hours: 251.7
review: ach jaa
game-hours: 235.0
review: My favorite game around the globe. Pourly optamised but a lot off fun when you are playing against friend or foe. A game realy focussed on the Multiplayer, good graphigs and most importantly fun to play. What else do you want! But only if you buy the whole game currently 20 euros, I wouldnt recommend buying it without all the DLCs Also still a lot better then Beyond Earth.
game-hours: 279.4
review: The Best turn-based strategy game ever+ A lot of modes
game-hours: 42.4
review: if u love Turn-based games then this is a must buy.
game-hours: 57.0
review: Played as sweden Got rekt by Russia 10/10 historically accurate
game-hours: 345.0
review: Great game that feels new every time you start it up. Like Minecraft, it's vanilla and DLC content is just right, and allows for more complex features through modding. If you like diversity in your gameplay, the achievements can make you try something new. Definitely recommended. Tried to take the Austrian city of Salzburg with a 19th century armada, only to be obliterated by futuristic flying air ships. 10/10
game-hours: 16.2
review: Gandhi World Conqueror Simulator 10/10
game-hours: 24.4
review: The hexagonal layout and new city defense system refreshes the gameplay and fixes the absurd unit stacking of CIV IV. Though its not as deep and diverse as CIV IV. Online mode is bugged and nearly impossible to enjoy which is a major downside. Many balance issues and some bugs are fixed via the Civilization V Unofficial Patch (CiVUP) and Vanilla Enhanced Mod (VEM). Overall its worth giving it a try as there is a demo on Steam. Its not the successor everybody was waiting for but its a step into the right direction.
game-hours: 10.5
review: Best Game ever.
game-hours: 16.5
review: Civ 5 is a really awesome game, amazing graphics and sound, and overall, I'm really enjoying the Civ 5 experience. However, there's a bug that causes the game to freeze with the game screen distorted whenever the computer goes on standby mode and with me trying to reaccess the game afterwards. Hopefully this problem could be fixed?
game-hours: 16.2
review: Never leave your Great Person alone 10/10
game-hours: 23.5
review: Civilization V is one of the best strategy games I have ever played. It's awesome! :D
game-hours: 34.1
review: I've only played Civilization III before playing Civilization V. To be honest, I was just expecting better graphics and that's it, but I was completely wrong. This game improves almost everything in Civilization III. New rules, and new dimensions make the game refreshing, while keeping it still familiar. It still feels like Civilization III underneath, but with a more realistic gameplay. Games take longer to win than what I've used to. I've spent the first 3 hours of the game only knowing of 1/3 of the map. I've skipped Civilization IV, but I don't think I missed anything. Civilization V is a winner. Also, the Linux version works better than I expected.
game-hours: 214.4
review: One of the best strategy games I've played. You gotta love turn base games though.Get the expansions too, they add so much good stuff to play with. Oh, I almost forgot... bring some munchies and something to drink 'cause you're about to experience never ending games even on solo mode.
game-hours: 18.1
review: I try to be friendly but then I end up conquring the world. 10/10
game-hours: 199.5
review: You start out thinking im going for another victory than domination your all good all peacefull from medieval... Gunpowder and the other civs annoying you... I always think this and start a small but strong nation gunpowder comes along and i own the globe by somethime before the atomic era this game is non-addictingly fun Im going to take a break now. Oh! Europe hates me.. Goodbye europe! Oh now Asia? Goodbye World! im done. wait three days had gone by! Never can get bored. infinity/10
game-hours: 32.4
review: It took me a while to get used to the whole turn based thing, but now I realize that it's addicting as hell and therefore great for the developers, so thumbs up for that. Unlike other strategy games I've tried it's not that much to organize and gather, which makes it easier to focus on the strategy/occupying land/backstabbing/building armies part  and I guess that deserves a thumbs up as well. And as others already pointed out: Beware of Gandhi.
game-hours: 1094.1
review: It's legit
game-hours: 520.0
review: Just one more turn....... If you haven't ever played any of the Civilization series, then I must recommend you get one of them some time soon. They may seem complicated at first, but with many different ways to win using different strategies, short or long games, different map types, good dlc, many different civs to choose from etc, it is really rewarding in the long run. Civilization IV is pretty damn good too. Enjoy
game-hours: 35.2
review: Very good strategy with loads of fun ;) However I need to warn that: - "Next turn" button is bugged; 50% of cases it doesn't do anything, 40% it shows some unit which needs new orders and only at remaining 10% it trully ends turn, - workers forget what they were doing almost every single turn, - game starts up and loads save very slow. Other than that it's really cool and you probably won't regret buying it ;)
game-hours: 89.1
review: Fun game, very addicting, very strategic, a great experience for any player.
game-hours: 93.9
review: Great game, lots of depth and trusted Sid Meyer's quality. You are not disappointed if you like civ-games.
game-hours: 21.0
review: Love this game!
game-hours: 559.6
review: very good game, no real draw backs, only thing i would like to see is the abuility to push other civ's boarders back with culture
game-hours: 62.1
review: It's good.
game-hours: 196.5
review: #1
game-hours: 560.2
review: Great strategy game.
game-hours: 492.8
review: Great turn-based world builder. Different from pervious Civilization games - only 1 unit per tile and instead of squares, the tiles are now hexagons. Adds some depth. Pick up Gods + Kings while you're at it. Adds some great features.
game-hours: 622.5
review: Probably the best TBS I've played. 10/10 would ghandi
game-hours: 7.8
review: its gr8 m8
game-hours: 128.7
review: You will get lost in this game and realize its morning and you have to get to class/work
game-hours: 69.4
review: This is a good game, and worth the money if you're into the genre. I have run into no glitches and failers so far. There is a vast modding community with a myriad of amazing things to add to your gaming experience. Pros:Good game that is worth many replays. Massive modding community. Even after playing 50 hours worth, you've come no where near playing every map or every leader. A lot of random things happen, spicing up your game. Many others. Cons: If you want to play online, you can only play with people who have the exact same build as you, meaning you can't play if you have more dlc than them. You'll have to disable the mods or dlc. Happiness is a bit weird. If you grow your empire, it makes people angry. It's not over extension by the way, it's just the fact you've grown a bit. "Wait! You mean our leader has made our empire bigger, so I no longer have to live in this crampt city anymore? I hate our leader, I loved the fact I had no elbow room, now I can run for miles on the country side. The !" But there are plenty of fun things to build it back up again with.
game-hours: 2132.3
review: Where is my wife... She was here just a couple of turns ago......Oh S***!
game-hours: 484.3
review: Best game out there yet!
game-hours: 248.8
review: Best strategy game out there. (Only posting this review for XP, sorry).
game-hours: 69.4
review: Amazzing game and good as sid meiers game always 5/5 would play again
game-hours: 101.6
review: This is not so much a game as it is a kind of time machine. I'll start playing a game in the morning and look from my screen to the window only to realize that the sun has gone down. I then tell myself, "I'll just finish up a few neighboring nations" and by the time I am done with that the sun is up again.
game-hours: 182.9
review: Great game that sucks you in for hours at a time. I can never sit down for less than an hour without craving more. Some would compare to Meth, but a tad bit safer. 9.5/10
game-hours: 41.1
review: great game but mainly only worth it if u buy all the dlc and it was deffinatly worth the $25 usd i paid. It is a great time stealer and keeps you entertained for hours
game-hours: 55.2
review: Really fun game, makes you think, would advise anyone who likes chess to play this game.
game-hours: 88.8
review: Great game, very good for passing time.
game-hours: 95.4
review: Great game! When i sit down and start to play this game time flies. i have found myself playing this game for 6 hours straight.
game-hours: 54.7
review: great game if u have enough time takes a while to finish but is so fun and one of my favorites
game-hours: 528.9
review: Great game, would highly recomend. Logged more hours into this than I payed for. Worth
game-hours: 61.5
review: This game is amazing. I haven't had this much fun playing a turn based strategy game in such a long time
game-hours: 48.0
review: boats always depart
game-hours: 78.2
review: my fav
game-hours: 38.5
review: You're playing the game... You are conquering cities, capitalizing on your economy, using political strategy... You are in control and you have lost track of time and you've been playing for 10 hours.
game-hours: 205.1
review: a great game if you have a weekend to spare. Slow going but has lots of strategic gameplay. I enjoy playing with friends. Don't expect to finish any of your games though.
game-hours: 13.2
review: Civilization V is a really fun and great game to play!
game-hours: 64.5
review: Play this game during boring class periods
game-hours: 91.3
review: Great game, but you really need both expansions to get the real deal
game-hours: 42.8
review: I had to stop myself at 19 hours but this game WILL make you lose sleep if you start playing before you go to sleep.
game-hours: 54.0
review: This game is addicting. I love the strategy and the challenge of it.
game-hours: 460.7
review: My favorite game to play! Addicting.
game-hours: 1584.7
review: very good
game-hours: 49.7
review: A stronk game! More stronker with friends! Conquer puny nations with stronk Wallachian clay! Stronk countries are stronkest! STRONK! aka- reccomended
game-hours: 42.6
review: Be nice and make friends with everyone- spread culture with many wonders- be invaded by agressive warmonger warlord alpha Ghandi- 10/10
game-hours: 68.9
review: Im roughly 30 hours in and I have to say that this is now one of my favorite games of all time. It's very time consuming but I absolutley love it.
game-hours: 19.9
review: Literally crack. Don't expect to play this game for only 10 minutes. Those 10 minutes will turn into 5 hours and after those 5 hours you will still want more. Possibly the most addictive game i've ever played. 10/10 seriously.
game-hours: 16.7
review: Not as good as Civ 4
game-hours: 3.9
review: Amazing game that will eat all your time
game-hours: 233.4
review: "I will shove my culture so far up your butt that I can launch a spaceship to Alpha Centauri" -Realistic Gameplay Quote 10/10
game-hours: 89.0
review: Great in' game. Doesn't support my resolution though, 1280x720.
game-hours: 677.1
review: This is a great game i never play. One more to add to the list.
game-hours: 85.7
review: Good for unwinding after a long day. Great for playing with people who's ping has suddenly increased to such a level that makes playing other multiplayer games impossible. This game rewards long-term planning and strategizing, as well as the ocasional "what the heck, I'm just going to nuke everyone" scenario.
game-hours: 94.3
review: The next turn turns into the one after the next, and that one turns next into the one after that. Tommorow never comes.
game-hours: 319.4
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V is probably one of the most addicting games I have ever played. I bought it thinking it would only be a 10-20 hour game until I got bored, but then i just kept hitting the "one more turn" button.... And, if you have the DLC, say goodbye to your social life, love life, and life in general, because your new life will be the new ruler of the earth.
game-hours: 329.4
review: its alot of Fun building from the ground up! its a very long game,but very enjoyable.
game-hours: 32.5
review: Except for the fact that a short game takes forever this game is boss.
game-hours: 156.7
review: One of the most addicting games I have ever played. So deep, but easy to start. May take a lifetime to finish all the achievements.
game-hours: 307.8
review: very good i like being nazis it takes me back ah ww2 what a fun time
game-hours: 223.1
review: This is one of the best strategy games around and I would definately recommend it to everyone.
game-hours: 17.2
review: I bought this game with all the dlc's in the steam sale and i really like it. I think the game is very clear for beginners, with lots of "help-pop ups" where you can choose if you want them to pop up next time you're in the same situation or not. I thought that was really nice, because it explains you more about the game mechanics. Also every civilisation has their own advantages, which can be helpful during the game. The only downside i found until now is when you play multiplayer, don't make the turns too long, cause some people take forever xD Other then that i would really recommand it!
game-hours: 243.0
review: Hands down my favorite game to waste time on. It's endless hours of fun and I am still not bored of it.
game-hours: 123.1
review: Just one more turn... Seriously addictive. It's an easy game to learn but has that something games like Starcraft have in which you have to sweat every little decision to really master the game.
game-hours: 721.8
review: Resembled the fall of the western roman empire when it came out. the , Jon. However later on it became so reverse  it is now amazing due to G&K and BNW. Don't buy this without buying the expansions, or else you'll be in for a surprise. (not the good kind)
game-hours: 32.7
review: Music + Zone out = Chilled
game-hours: 14.6
review: Great Game, must buy!
game-hours: 661.3
review: A very good civ game especially with the expansions. It has given me lots of fun hours of gameplay while trying very versatile strategies.
game-hours: 519.3
review: Highly addictive - The BNW and G&K expansions make the complete a worthwhile purchase after the original. Only complaint is Mac users are prevented from every earning the download a mod achievement.
game-hours: 78.0
review: A verry fun game if you're into turn-based strategy games. Worth the money! 8/10.
game-hours: 1260.4
review: Played many games, was able to stop after just one more turn a few times. 10/10 would attempt to stop after just one more turn again.
game-hours: 593.9
review: Amazing game, just keep in mind everyone secretly hates you, including your IRL friends, they will backstab you if given a chance!
game-hours: 16.2
review: Civilization is a great simulator of real world trade, war, and diplomacy. This game allowsa first person perspective of the descision that leaders ahad to make in choosing which direction to take their empires.
game-hours: 106.7
review: one of the best 4X games on the market. ONLY if you are willing to by the Gods and Kings and Brave New World expansions as the base game is rather weak
game-hours: 215.7
review: Best strategy game I've ever played, one of my favorite games ever. Mods, scenarios, and different victory types allow for basically endless gameplay. Definitely get it if you haven't already. The expansions, Gods and Kings and Brave New World, are worth their asking price and make the game much better.
game-hours: 336.1
review: Addictive and can be as complex or simple as you want, with help from the plethora of mods out there.
game-hours: 99.8
review: 10/10
game-hours: 311.5
review: This game is amazing, it is fun alone and amazing with friends. :)
game-hours: 76.8
review: Civ5 is such a great game! Bought it retail when I never played a civ game before, and I loved it right away. It's only excellent if you have the 2 expansions though, vanilla game was mediocre at best. Expansions added a buttload of civs (total of 43, when there were only about 8), each having its own great leader speaking in their native language, making for characters full of personality. There are many mechanics, which I will not list, but I will say that they are very intuitive and you will get the hang of it very quickly, and will understand rapidly which civs have good bonuses (Poland, Korea, Babylon...) and which ones are crap (Spain, Byzantium...). The music in this game is something that really stuck to me, especially for European civs. This game made me like classical music.
game-hours: 18.5
review: I have no idea what I'm doing but I love it
game-hours: 48.5
review: Mighty fun strategic game ONLY IF YOU HAVE THE DLC. 10/10 destroyed North Korea
game-hours: 117.8
review: Very Good.
game-hours: 76.1
review: Yes. Everyone buy.
game-hours: 33.6
review: Liked the game but not as good as civ 4. I would get it but cant wait for the next one
game-hours: 103.3
review: Great game! If you haven't gotten to this one and enjoy the style of game or haven't played one like it, give it a go! It's really fun!
game-hours: 54.0
review: Just one more turn - don't like to put down any of the Civilization games.
game-hours: 1078.6
review: this game's addicting
game-hours: 40.0
review: Truly a game that never ages. Once you start you better have the next few days free.
game-hours: 117.0
review: PLEASE i got this game and it is so good. i love how i can just go away and pick it up again. If you like long term strategy games less intense than SC then this is the game for you. i have around 112 hours on this game.
game-hours: 51.7
review: The Fifth installment to the series Sid Meiers Pros: You can be different countries You can be merciless or peaceful There is a variety of leaders Cons: Barbarians are annoying Verdict: 8.5/10
game-hours: 152.4
review: 5/5 perfect game
game-hours: 360.3
review: Conquer the world whatever way you decide. Fight off that war mongering neighbour or spread your religion to every corner of the map. You will have fun into the small hours. I find myself losing full days to this epic turn based strategy game. Civ 5 is the kind of game that you will want to befriend everyone, but be denounced numerous times, they will murder your people, destroy your armies and pillage your cities. Peace can work if you back down at every request and pay the enemy with all your uranium. Then Gandhi will nuke you anyway! 10/10 Would befriend Gandhi again!
game-hours: 7.7
review: Killed Ghandi 10/10 Will never be nuked again
game-hours: 9.2
review: Played Japan and was a war-mongering warlord, then later became a science desired nation. EVERYONE EVEN THE CITY STATES DECLARED WAR ON ME. But its okay because when I have guns and infantry units they have basic warriors. They all sent peace treaties :) I rate 11/10 Would laugh my  off again.
game-hours: 387.1
review: This is by far the best Civilization title bar none. I bought the bundle with all the DLC content and I have enjoyed all the extra maps and Civilizations they included. There is no need to look further than Civilization V, this game will keep me absorbed for years... I have put in over 300 hours and I do not plan on quiting anytime soon.
game-hours: 287.7
review: Very enjoyable when it works, but too many bugs that hev been ignored for too long.
game-hours: 432.8
review: 1.created the best civilization on earth 2. my Korea best Korea 3. meet denmark, best bros. 4. we meet rome 5.Denmark leaves me for Rome 6. I cry 7.make great wall of korea 8. ally with spain 9. all shall fall to korea/spains power 10. spain leaves me for denmark 11.sob in corner while denmark/Rome/spain destroy my once-mighty empire 11/10 would cry again
game-hours: 318.4
review: I go offline to play this so no one knows how much I play this game...
game-hours: 302.6
review: Very good game. Becomes even better with the DLC expansions.
game-hours: 18.6
review: Never trust Ghandi..
game-hours: 269.6
review: Base game was okay, but with expansions it became SOOOOOOOOOOOO much better.
game-hours: 103.6
review: This game is really addicting and well worth the $13.74 CAD, Keeps you busy and has many options to chose from and more than one way on how to play the game. The Complete Edition is what I got and its very fun to play. The only annoying parts I see in the game is when you use any nuclear bombs near a mountain the Fallout stays there and you cannot use any of the workers to clear it. Perhaps there's a mod to get rid of it? I kinda only wished there was more Civilizations to pick from when you're setting up the game because with only few to pick some even with the dlcs. It seems like theres a lot more missing that the game could had placed in. This game is one of my most favorite games on Steam right now. I'm glad I got to purchase it when it was only 60-70% off.
game-hours: 19.4
review: Hands down, this is the best Civilization yet. The graphics, trades, and politics of the game are perfect ways to pass countless hours of time without you even knowing it.
game-hours: 653.0
review: fun edit: was fun Multiplayer has been ruined on Oct. 27th by devs latest update. The devs didnt even admit to it untill almost a month later, and only deep in a random forum post. Possibly the worst dev teams public relations ever. So well over a month later and no fix yet they sell the game in steam store and make no mention of it. **BUYERS BEWARE!** this is what you will get when you buy this. Multiplayer is broken. So for single players its great fun. *****edit #2 : after a month and a half, quietly they let loose a hotfix for the multiplayer problems they created, very poor customer service, great game though.
game-hours: 96.6
review: Just plain fun
game-hours: 8.2
review: Classic Civ. A steal @ Holiday sales. 9/10.
game-hours: 81.7
review: Truly an amazing strategy game. 10/10 any day for the thinking strategy game of the year.
game-hours: 222.7
review: .
game-hours: 191.4
review: While some of the game dynamics have had a slight overhaul (lack of unit 'stacking' is he biggest departure,) this is classic Civ. And the changes are welcome! If you are a Civ fan you have this already. If you have caught the turn based 4X bug and can't quite understand why everyone raves about Endless Space because you find that otherwise fine title a bit empty and 'samey' then this is what you've been missing. Now, I don't like DLC as a rule, ( I always feel that the publishers are just bolting on features that the Dev would have had in the game in the first place with proper investment and respect to their craft,) but in his case highly recommended with the Gods & Kings and Brave New World DLC.
game-hours: 9.7
review: Defeated Germany Good Game
game-hours: 104.2
review: This game is wonderful if you enjoy strategically taking over the world
game-hours: 29.0
review: Game will not start...
game-hours: 43.7
review: Awesome game. I love the enhanced diplomacy compared to earlier Civ games.
game-hours: 29.8
review: Love these more in-depth style strategy games it keeps you on your toes managing all the aspects of your kingdom and keeping an eye on your fellow civs
game-hours: 87.9
review: You click about a hundred times, and then suddenly elephants are breaking all your stuff.
game-hours: 293.4
review: India has nukes! 11/10
game-hours: 32.1
review: I filled a game with pony nations and no one shot each other mods suck.
game-hours: 1016.4
review: Love Civ5, launch was rough (bought release day) but it is much better now. Gods & Kings is a great pack, still need Brave New World.
game-hours: 25.4
review: i actually liked it really well, better than civilization revolution
game-hours: 222.1
review: Hundreds of hours of you're life you'll never get back masquerading as a game. HELP/10
game-hours: 139.0
review: I got Sid Meier's Civilization V a bit ago and I have to say that it is probably THE best game I have ever played! It has hours upon hours of singleplayer gameplay, hotseat and multiplayer. It also has one of the greatest selection of mods to choose from with the downside that some may require a DLC which is fine since the DLCs themselves are a great and worthwile purchase. 9.5/10
game-hours: 26.8
review: All Countries hate me for being aggressive except The Iroquois...so at least I have that going for me Would Buy Again.
game-hours: 459.8
review: iz gud gaim. i iz baid but gud gaim steel
game-hours: 68.7
review: It's really addicting and fun but the matches are VERY long and it's easy to start losing interest after while. Still very enjoyable though.
game-hours: 265.7
review: The Civilization series is one of the best series ever. Great diversity, great slighty changing AIs, great gameplay all makes for hours and hours of re-playability. Plus Ghandi will try to nuke you!
game-hours: 484.6
review: A thinking mans game. Plenty of options for winning with different play styles and pregenerated leaders/characters to experiment with, very enjoyably time consuming!
game-hours: 246.9
review: Such a good game.. Probably need time off work to play this so get ready call in sick.. I tend to keep restarting the game so many times until i get the right peice of land.. Thinking about it i'v prob spent more time restarting the map..
game-hours: 915.3
review: Great game for killing hours
game-hours: 164.2
review: Best co-op strategy game I've played in-- well, forever. Hours of gameplay are in store for you, so don't think you'll have something as short as a one or two hour round. Go big or go home; you either play a ten hour game, or you don't play at all. Oh, and one more thing: don't trust Ghandi. ever.
game-hours: 83.7
review: Do not buy if you have a career, friends and/or a girlfriend/boyfriend.
game-hours: 65.2
review: This game is pretty fun, buy it.
game-hours: 0.4
review: Decent game where you can kick Ceasar's or Queen Elizabeth's bottom hard. Global domination by military, economical means is my ultimate goal here.
game-hours: 65.1
review: Dis Good
game-hours: 297.1
review: Just buy it
game-hours: 80.7
review: Civ 5 will eat your life. If your someone that wants a quick fast paced game then this game is NOT for you!!! However if you like turn-based stratergy games and have an interest is sociology and or history then this game is a MUST BUY! In this game your choose your Civ from a range of historicaly famous Civs then you uild citys and Units in an attempt to reach one of the several different victory types. The expanstion add aditional units, rebalance technologys and add aditional features to the game such as religion. Game times very ushaly between 6 to 18+ hours. This game is not for everyone you will LOVE it or you will HATE it. Personaly this is one of my most played games.
game-hours: 53.5
review: A really good grand strategy game. Although one round takes a long time to finish, I found none of the time taken to be boring. The many civilizations you can choose from to play as makes this game feel new even after many many hours of gameplay. This is highly recommended for those who enjoy a good strategy game.
game-hours: 383.0
review: Fantastic. The streamlining they did hooked me right back into the franchise. I can't say a bad thing about the game, except maybe dealing with Ghandi; stop denouncing me!
game-hours: 605.6
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 169.5
review: One of the most addictive games. Tough it's more than 4 years old, it can still give you a great time!
game-hours: 44.7
review: stawa
game-hours: 1323.7
review: Excellent game. Still amazed that after over 1,000 hours I still continue to go back for more. I have noticed that the mods really extend the life of this game. A certain must-have for any gamer!
game-hours: 266.9
review: game is absolutely amazing and continues to evolve due to steamworks support.
game-hours: 64.7
review: tis goooood
game-hours: 170.3
review: awesome
game-hours: 65.5
review: It's a very fun and strategic game good for people who like strategy beacuse thats the main focus of the game
game-hours: 86.7
review: Nice
game-hours: 38.6
review: Ok, even the base game by itself is to fun, now add dlc to mix this game is gold if your a strategic thinker!
game-hours: 239.0
review: Wait, what do you mean, it's morning already?
game-hours: 73.7
review: The game where you set up a big group game with your friends one night, and then the friends who start falling behind "get bored" or "need to go to sleep", conveniently before their capital gets nuked. 5/5
game-hours: 210.8
review: best. game. ever. watch out for ghandi he is evil though.
game-hours: 74.8
review: Just one more turn before i turn it off... Okay but now just one more turn.. Thats basically how you can describe your thoughts when you are playing Civilization. Gameplay: Civilization V is a turn-based Strategy game which excels at STEALING YOUR TIME. When you are a person with not so much time, i wouldnt recommend this game for you since 1 match can last an entire day. The Singleplayer is perfectly fun, but the AI is some kind of weak. Diplomacy is also a little bit weaker than in previous games, but that doesnt hurt the game at all. There is still so much depth in the game, so many playstyles and yet its not perfect. The game could be great, but its only good. Why? Because of the weak multiplayer. The netcode of this game is one of the worst netcodes ever made. You wont have a single game without lags, disconnects and crashes. A turn can take up to 5 minutes, well at least thats my experience with the multiplayer. Thats pretty much the bottleneck of this game. As fun and timekilling it is, it will become boring after a good 100 hours, when you have to play vs the AI over and over and over again and tried out all of the nations. 4/5 Stars. Graphics: Graphics are perfectly fine in the game. They are simple but yet atmospheric. Also the animated fights between your and the enemy units are fun to watch. 3/5 Stars. Story: Well Civ games never really had a story. In this game are some scenarios but they dont really tell a story. Summary: 4/5 Stars Pro: 100 + hours of fun Much depht in the game Nice Graphics Contra: Sometimes the AI is kinda weak. Gets repetetive after a while. Weak , maybe even non existend multiplayer.
game-hours: 176.1
review: This is a game I always find myself constantly coming back to. If you do not have this game, I highly recommend this game for all types of gamers.
game-hours: 69.5
review: You will NOT regret buying this game. I highly suggest it. Please buy.
game-hours: 32.7
review: really cool game
game-hours: 796.4
review: Games like this built my intrest in history and my critical thinking skills.
game-hours: 487.9
review: Lots of fun. Get the expansions, but you'll probably waste too much time on this game anyway. Social life? Who needs it...
game-hours: 60.7
review: This game sat in my games inventory list since it came out. And for some reason I was so hesitant to play. BIG MISTAKE! This game is loads of fun.
game-hours: 136.8
review: AMAZING
game-hours: 394.6
review: Though the game was terribly lacking at release, with the improvements made with the addition of the expansion packs, Civilization V is well worth the 30 dollars. EDIT: 05/31/14 I still do recommend this game, although, I would like to add on to the review. As I said initially, the game was very poor on release. Many features of Civilization IV were not carried over, and while I thought it still had the feel of a Civ game, it seemed as basic as Civilization I or the console port. With the two current expansions of Gods and Kings and Brave New World, I feels that the game has matured much and is a worthy title to the franchise. This is the game that should have been released. I'll finish by saying that it could still be improved and obviously isn't a perfect game. I don't want to sound as though it's the best game ever. Just compared to how it was at release, it is much improved. I still believe that Civ IV is the better game, but I would rate this game comparable to Civilization II, which I've played many, many hours of.
game-hours: 122.4
review: I nuked Bloxgate's capital like sixteen times and I still didn't get to capture the city until I sent my stone age warriors into the ruins.
game-hours: 287.6
review: Great addition to an already powerful title. 9.5/10
game-hours: 162.7
review: amazing game,and the expansions improve it alot to
game-hours: 705.8
review: this games features turn based strategy gameplay. Its many opportunities for building your envisionment of a perfect civilization will leave you planning, acting, and doing for hours.
game-hours: 12.1
review: I love this game, one of the best strategy games I have ever played.
game-hours: 263.3
review: I dont have much to say about the game but what i can say may change the outcome of what happens. NEVER DEAL WITH MONTEZUMA. 100/10 Would play more
game-hours: 190.3
review: "Just another turn!" I don't think you'll realize how accurate this is until you try this game.
game-hours: 273.7
review: It is awesome. Especially if you like strategy games and are a history nerd.
game-hours: 102.9
review: Good game
game-hours: 183.4
review: Yes.
game-hours: 270.6
review: A fine sequel, really lives up to the civ saga, although turns can take awhile. 9.5/10
game-hours: 299.6
review: Everything about this game is Awesome. From choosing your own Civ to defeating others.
game-hours: 326.3
review: Love this game, reccomend you to buy both Gods&Kings and Brave New World.
game-hours: 53.2
review: got it for 7.50 from gamestop on a pc download. worth it. 8/10.
game-hours: 74.8
review: Careful with this one ladies and gents... It will consume large chunks of time indiscriminately. You have been warned. ;)
game-hours: 71.8
review: Turn Based Strategy at its best. Must buy if you enjoy the genre.
game-hours: 54.5
review: pie vjv
game-hours: 130.1
review: This game is fantastic! The original creator, Sid Meier, was a Computer Science-History double major in college (at UMich). His love of historical peoples, leaders, and nations makes this game ideal and arousing to the inner history-nut in us all. Also, in terms of gameplay, this game's turn-based system makes the game more casual -- allowing players to fully appreciate the historically inclusive design of the game.
game-hours: 25.0
review: Oh you're just gonna play an hour or 2 are you? Better make that 12.
game-hours: 266.0
review: It's a shame you can't use mods in multiplayer, 10/10 nice memes regardless.
game-hours: 417.8
review: What can i say great game.
game-hours: 455.7
review: Best. Game. Ever. This game is like crack for me. Once I start it, I will spend countless hours playing and drinking beer. As the hours pass, my ability to strategize is completely gone as I am completely wasted and have to piss every few minutes. I have considered gettin a small refrigerator filled with beer to put next to my computer and also a bed pan to piss in so that I do not have to leave my beloved game. If the fridge empties or the bed pan fills, I will simply request of the wife to fill or empty the respective container. This is how much I LOVE this game.
game-hours: 73.4
review: Okay, I've played it for a while, and this is just my opinion. I'm one of those guys that likes literally any game that doesn't have anything to do with ponies or faries. I found Civ 5 to be a really well-designed game, with complex game mechanics that are eventually understandable if you play it long enough. The idea is basically to compete against friends or AI to make the greatest empire ever. It is pretty realistic, where you use workers to make the mines and plant crops to increase growth, production, etc. and warriors to deal with battles against other empires and barbarians. You can trade or create alliances with other civilizations with products inside your boundaries. The basic ways to win are to be the last civilization standing (by beating up all of your opponents >:D ), by creating the first rocket and launching it to space, or to just be the best empire by the year 2050. This game requires a cool head that knows what is best for the empire, and you can't just shout "LET'S TAKE OVER GERMANY!!" and send a few warriors with clubs over to Berlin. No. This game is very realistic, and requires lots of skill in harder modes. This game is perfect for puzzle, strategy, and turn-based gamers, but nothing here for FPS lovers. I've stopped playing it, but it's really fun once you get the hang of it, so watch a few videos on YouTube, and if you feel like it's your kind of thing, try it out! I say the large price is worth it. Also, look into buying the Gods & Kings and the Brave New World expansion packs that really make things interesting.
game-hours: 86.0
review: Amazing game, full of fun. Hours and hours of gameplay
game-hours: 136.7
review: Civilization 5 is a alright arcade strategy game and one i use to really enjoy but now that i have expanded into the strategy genre this game has become pretty dull to me plus the multiplayer is  and full of bugs also in the late game it can become overwhelming with a map full of cluttered . If you are new to strategy games and want to sink alot of hours into something then this is your game but if you want something a little more indepth and realistic then you should try the total war series.
game-hours: 37.8
review: Fantastic game, combining strategy, histry, and tonnes of fun. Instant classic with beautiful visuals.
game-hours: 12.3
review: very good :)
game-hours: 55.7
review: This game is a Legend. period. PS: dang, unlike previous civ titles this does require abit more of RAM and other resources, but hey, it's totaly worth it!
game-hours: 105.6
review: A really fantastic strategy game. I've played it for hours at a time, and it never gets boring or repetitive.
game-hours: 77.8
review: Everything one could love about a Civ game. Only minor gripe is the games tendency to crash after a prolonged number of turns. Just turn on autosaving and it's a mild inconvenience.
game-hours: 162.3
review: when i got in no text pops up where it should be
game-hours: 35.6
review: Should have bought the GOTY edition (with all DLC) when it was 7.49 on sale. I didn't. Now i'm playing vanilla waiting for the GOTY edition to come back own to the same price. The game isn't BAD, it just needs more...well more content.
game-hours: 233.9
review: Kill everything, always.
game-hours: 48.6
review: addictive
game-hours: 84.8
review: I'm still learning, but I am totally addicted! My husband and I both bought this game to play with our son. Love it.
game-hours: 131.9
review: Be prepared for the game that can take anywhere from 1 hour to about 40 hours. This game has many aspects to it that make it fantastic, and even better with Brave New World DLC, like trade routes, tourism, or religion. Each Civ has a different playstyle, and this grants for a new, refreshing experience every time you play.
game-hours: 702.7
review: This game is another brilliant edition of the Civ franchise. Plenty of DLC, Plenty of different countries and victory types. This game will suck you in and spit you out after playing it for 13 hours straight.
game-hours: 7719.6
review: I am still undecided but it seems good so far.
game-hours: 77.6
review: Hours of fun!
game-hours: 203.5
review: Such an underrated game that nobody's ever heard of!! Good thing I wrote this review to get the word out.
game-hours: 134.8
review: no gamepad support
game-hours: 94.7
review: As fun and addictive as it's always been, but the improvements that come with the Brave New World expansion elevate this franchise an order of magnitude higher and give you every reason to start fresh and try to rule the world yet again. Among the many, many improvements that the BNW expansion brings, my favorite one is the new civilization Venice. This particular civ is played much differently than the rest. You're essentially a city-state - you can't build settlers or annex cities but you're given a special unit called The Merchant of Venice that allows you to take over city states and set them as puppet governments. Religion is a large part of this expansion but it's done extremely well - you can create a religion from the ground up and there's a good amount of opportunity for customization so, for instance, creating a "secular-friendly" religion is very possible (I used Taoism and created a religion that increased a new stat called "World Happiness" and made it as peaceful and good as possible and now I have less guilt about propagandizing the world to increase the amount of people who follow it worldwide).
game-hours: 208.0
review: Very fun and addicting for a while, then you start to realize the limitations of the game like its diplomacy and GOD AWFUL AI after a few games. Worth the money for sure though.
game-hours: 152.4
review: Makes me forget that i don't have a gf.
game-hours: 5.6
review: Civilization V, or Civilaztion 5. I don't know, Just play it.
game-hours: 265.1
review: I played for hundreds of hours just to quit or lose: 10 out of 10
game-hours: 384.4
review: Best game ever! I can't stop! What I really love about this game is that it is completely different every time. No two gameplays are the same and each outcome is completely different. What strategy could work in one gameplay, may not work the next time around. I've played Civ 4, and it was awesome, but Civ 5 beats it by a long shot!
game-hours: 169.6
review: A perfect continuation to an excellent franchise. It addresses problematic parts of older versions to streamline game play.
game-hours: 194.9
review: I refused to buy this game until I played it, and then I realized how much I love being in control. Of everything. Having so much control can be dangerous, or can be simple and easy. Dangerous in a way where all of your peers fear you because you nuked some  country. Or Simple and easy in a way where you trade your allies, and help them fend off said  country. 10/10 Did play.
game-hours: 218.9
review: Sat down to play it for six hour's timed session and looked at the window and fifteen minutes had passed. The window double functioned as a Rolex. I have since moved house.
game-hours: 76.8
review: If you like the older Civilization games you will love this one. If you have never played Civilization you need to try this game.
game-hours: 398.6
review: (WARNING) THIS GAME HAS RUINED MY LIFE!!! it's the most amazing and challenging game i have ever played (besides dayZ) it's that type of game there is famous for destroying friendships. when your are in this game you think you can control it, but when you suddenly discover that it's 3 in the morning and you think "just one more round, just one more" well, after a couple of hundred rounds you are going to commit sucide because gandhi nuked you and bismark destroyed your navy... but you haven't played a proper strategy game before you have played Civilization 5...
game-hours: 16.4
review: Asked Gandhi if he wanted sum? 10/10
game-hours: 334.3
review: With all the expansions, Gods & Kings and Brave New World, this is the best game of the franchise! 10/10
game-hours: 9.7
review: It is fun but there are Huge let downs, the connections, the dlcs, the extras. For once, a game i loved, has become a dlc sucking one, i was so blind to wanting to buy this game , but it isn't worth it. If you plan to buy ALL dlc, then its worth your time. If not, don't buy it, the multiplayer feature makes u have all dlc or you'll play alone. You won't find much people playing now, it breaks sometimes. It is such a let down, i give this game a 5/10
game-hours: 19.9
review: This game is great, but not worth it unless you get the expansion packs.
game-hours: 136.7
review: the trick, is to kill ghandi as soon as possible. dont let his cute inocence fool you, wipe him out before he gets the chance to get too close to you. though people will think of you as a warmonger it is worth it, it will save you. anyways great game 13/10.
game-hours: 835.0
review: This game answers the hard questions. How are people created? Wheat stocks. How to win and keep friends? Bribery. How to create happiness? Eat whales.
game-hours: 271.3
review: Utterly addictive. It's always fun to ttake over the world.
game-hours: 158.0
review: I played a little
game-hours: 261.4
review: Just got into the Civ series with this game. As a new Civ player, the single player content alone was worth buying the game. Civ veterans seem to disagree on this based on other reviews I read. I let my brother try it and he got hooked. I woke up to him still playing the next morning, so I got it for him for and unlike others, we haven't seen any multiplayer issues, YET (hopefully this continues). I think its important to note that I found this game looking for a new RTS and it is filling the role quite nicely even though it is turn based and not filled with the fast paced battles I am used to. If anything, the slower pace and individuality of each unit makes it more fun than your everyday RTS.
game-hours: 119.7
review: Sick of the game as its keeps crashing 3/4 of the way through game play. Not worth the time if its crashes so often which is a shame as it is still a great game
game-hours: 36.0
review: One of the best games i have ever played!
game-hours: 38.7
review: Amazing ... just truly amazing
game-hours: 210.1
review: I've really liked Civ 5 a lot. I've been going around buying a lot of reasonably cheap games recently trying to find something I can really be dedicated to and Civ 5 hit me on every intrest level. It's a game of politics, economics, war, ideology, and trading. I love all of the historical leaders you can trade with, become allies with, go to war with, or be one of them. I played March of War which made me not a huge fan of turn based games. Civ 5 completetly changed my mind bringing a whole new meaning to the term "turn-based" for me. The only thing I would really say was bad in this game is the multiplayer. I strongly advise you just make a game with freinds and organize it if you want to have a successful online game. If you want to just play with anyone you want then it will probably crash or people will quit. Overall this game is a 9/10
game-hours: 211.0
review: Le meilleur des Civilization avec l'extension
game-hours: 28.7
review: This game is only fun with friends!
game-hours: 80.3
review: GOTY!!! This game is AMAZING! Worth the money, improved a lot with the DLC's, this game should be on everyone's wishlist! 5/5!
game-hours: 530.3
review: This game made me question my priorities.
game-hours: 23.8
review: its like taking a  with out an .
game-hours: 1830.7
review: great to play one handed with an infant in the other.
game-hours: 237.9
review: Amazing game
game-hours: 1727.0
review: great game black whole of time
game-hours: 102.7
review: Base game has large amount of content and is very good. Brave new world dlc added new breath of life into a game that was staring to get a bit boring, would reccomend buying after getting a feel for the game.
game-hours: 198.0
review: This game is great. It's a fun addicting way to waste time. It, however, does have some flaws. The A.I.s don't exactly act the way people would and lots of the later game units are really gimicky and unbalanced. Luckily, They created expansions to the game to amend their past mistakes. It's kind of a puss-out to make the DLC include civilizations instead of just releasing all of them with the game, but it makes up for it with new play styles, scenarios, and feel for the game. On its own, the game is a 6.5/10. With the DLC (Especially Brave New World), I becomes a 9.3/10. For any fan of the strategy genre, I HIGHLY recommend this game. Have Fun!
game-hours: 27.8
review: classic
game-hours: 179.2
review: Yes
game-hours: 1155.5
review: Civ V is amazing.
game-hours: 967.2
review: This is my favorite game ever! The possibilities are endless.
game-hours: 25.7
review: Stragetdy game its quite nice but it takes alot of time and long time to play but its fun to play with ur friends!
game-hours: 9.6
review: If you have nothing else to do with your life.....
game-hours: 142.2
review: addicting...
game-hours: 573.5
review: Did you enjoy having friends. Not anymore.
game-hours: 75.6
review: This game is like Monopoly, it takes forever and ruins friendships, but its amazing. A solid 9/10
game-hours: 117.5
review: Probably the best strategy game on PC. If you're familiar with the Civilization series, then I won't need to say anything but this: get this game and play it! If you're not familiar, then get this game and play it! This turn-based strategy let's you control a civilization from its starting city, and it's your job to build it into a thriving and sustainable empire. With competing civilizations around, you can dominated them through different means, such as culture, diplomacy, technology, or even elimination through force. There are plenty of resources to help your civilization grow, and with various options to enhance of challenge you, random generated maps and barbarians, you'll never play the same game twice. The expansions to Civ5 are a must have; while the vanilla game is fun, both 'God's and Kings' and 'Brave New World' bump up the fun factor even more. Plus, with new content being added through the Steam Workshop, you'll always have something new to play with Civ5.
game-hours: 120.8
review: addictive game !
game-hours: 45.7
review: Guise
game-hours: 70.2
review: It's Amazing!
game-hours: 269.3
review: Heavy game, hard to play, alot of content + mods for even more content. 10/10
game-hours: 68.8
review: WHY U NO GOT DIS YET?
game-hours: 347.9
review: Amazing game with incredible depth. Unfortunately mods on Mac are extremely difficult to access for absolutely no reason. Reccomend play with Communitas Modpack
game-hours: 257.6
review: very good game
game-hours: 110.9
review: amazing........ need i say more
game-hours: 11.0
review: wietna gra serdecznie polecam. - Adam Maysz
game-hours: 113.3
review: Polish DLC. Swell with pride.
game-hours: 267.5
review: This game will devour your social life with extreme prejudice. Dont say I didn't warn you.
game-hours: 70.1
review: Fun and addicting!!! I love it !!! :)
game-hours: 1325.6
review: I love this game
game-hours: 1139.4
review: Well, after 1111 hours I'm finally a little bored of it, so yeaaaahhhhh I'd say it's a pretty good game. Well worth the money, and I highly recommend all the expansions.
game-hours: 86.9
review: skkskkskkkkkkkkk
game-hours: 71.1
review: I forgot to make my army, how embarrasing. 10/10 best game n/a -mlg gamer 2069
game-hours: 1065.8
review: Taken a lot of pleasure from Civilization V and it's two expansion. However, I do not recommend the base version without both the Gods&Kings and Brave New Worlds expansion packs, They greatly improve balancing and general game play This is a conditional thumbs up
game-hours: 241.2
review: Hours of replayable fun.
game-hours: 193.6
review: Love the game! But as of recently, the game will NOT load previous saves really disappointed...
game-hours: 119.2
review: Very nice game, easy to understand. Strategy is very important here, but there's a little of adventure too. With new DLCs it is much funnier to play! You can win the game in some different ways, personally I always won with "Science" victory. With the workshop contents, it is more interesting, but most of the addons require DLCs. Soometimes it can be buggy. 8,5/10
game-hours: 250.8
review: My first ever strategy game. I can not stop playing it. One of the best games I have ever played.
game-hours: 92.0
review: Pros: -Fun -Tons of gameplay -Never boring -You learn stuff -Perfect for multiplayer with friends. Cons: -Addicting -Too cheap to keep your wallet safe -gonna make you'r girlfriend break up with you after youll say you preffer to stay home and play
game-hours: 277.8
review: I am in the late atomic era playing on the earth map and their is a world war going on and 8 civs left. rome(me) america and japan vs huns and germany and mongolia. india and korea are netural. i discover atomic bombs and proceed to bomb germany. india gets angyr and launches 10! nukes at me i lose game after germany retalites 12 ghandi nukes/10 ghandi nukes
game-hours: 37.7
review: This game is amazing. I was really hesitant to it as I have not been a huge fan of these RTS type games. However, Civ 5 is still an extremely fun game that everyone should play.
game-hours: 193.0
review: You will never lose more of your life playing a game other than this one, and for good reason, because this is probably the most time-consuming, addictive game there is.
game-hours: 11.3
review: I haven't left my house in three days because of this game. 10/11 Would strongly recommend
game-hours: 65.6
review: One of my favorite games!
game-hours: 895.6
review: !
game-hours: 309.8
review: Amazing game. The learning curve is not high AND it's replayable and fun.
game-hours: 18.9
review: Stratageticamedical
game-hours: 29.8
review: Warning: If you play this, you will never be seen again!
game-hours: 89.7
review: Very good stradegy game. Highly recommended, good for newcomers to the series.
game-hours: 263.4
review: This game is a Infinity/10 rating. This game is rather good for those who love turn-based strategy, other things about this game may be: Inability to sleep, planning to destroy Ghandi. Inability to focus during the day due to the constant thinking of nuking back Ghandi. Last but not least, inability to get off the screen until you notice its like 8 Am and you've been playing since yesterday at 5 Pm. Buy it! You will never sleep again! :D
game-hours: 65.8
review: Best Civilzation game by far, a must play if a fan.
game-hours: 0.9
review: 10/10 Such civilization, much buildings, wow
game-hours: 217.5
review: A very fun game to play with your friends in multiplayer. The multiplayer sessions have to reload alot, sometimes every turn.
game-hours: 20.3
review: Best. Game. Ever. Games might take a while, but it's amazing once you get into it.
game-hours: 161.5
review: Level up! /\/ / /\/ _/ /\
game-hours: 33.5
review: Great game, easy to use GUI. very fun
game-hours: 595.1
review: This is an awesome game. After playing since civ 3 all the way to civ 5 each one expanded the depth of the game becoming more realistic. Now trying out civ beyond earth.. The game makes you think and will take up your free time.
game-hours: 1293.0
review: Great game, but has horrible tech support. If you are having issues, you might be on your own. Buy at your own risk
game-hours: 38.8
review: Civilization 5... not even once
game-hours: 25.5
review: This game is somewhat enjoyable, but with its frequent crashes (Just about every 5 minutes) and multitude of bugs, I would call it a waste of money. Also, the Steam forum for this game is full of people saying that they are experiencing these crashes. It may have something to do with Windows 8.1.
game-hours: 25.9
review: Iz au guud gumball
game-hours: 159.8
review: Basically one of the best strategic games known on PC. It's vast choices of civilizations past and present to play as, different ways of achieving victories; this game is a good 8/10! I fell in love with this game the first time I layed my eyes of its gameplay and scenarios on YouTube. Although I would reccomend more scenario's, this game is a great game. 8/10. For strategy game lovers, this is a game you would enjoy!
game-hours: 263.7
review: A great addition to an already fantastic series. Interesting new system based around hexagonal movement. Interesting twist on an old favourite.
game-hours: 15.6
review: Fantastic game to play, especially with friends. It will consume all your free time though.
game-hours: 873.3
review: This. Game. Will. Destroy. Your. Life. And. You. Are. Going. To. Love. It.
game-hours: 344.8
review: Civilization V almost doesn't need a review. I could start off right now telling you to buy it, and I will. Buy it. Civilization V is intensely complicated without ever feeling unfair, and it has a very manageable learning curve. It can be incredibly fun to play alone as one of the Iroquois on an Earth map and destroy Elizabeth I before she ever gets to you. It's just as fun to play with your friends through a virtual board game that dwarfs any other I've seen. But be warned, if you think monopoly was a long game, you've seen nothing yet. In the time it takes to set up, play, swear at your friends, throw the board, and eventually clean up the carnage of a monopoly game, you will only just have finished the Classical era (about a fourth of the way through on play-through). Despite this, Civilization always has me coming back for more, even if half the time it only leads to me rage quitting against the PC. WARNING: Do NOT buy the game if you are not also getting the expansions. Gods and Kings and Brave New World vastly improved on what was originally a sub-par installment in the series. Don't even try to buy them later, because you might just be too disappointed with the vanilla version to follow through. Pros: Unparalleled replayability Incredibly complex, yet accessable Cons: Before you know it, you will have sunk your traditional 100 hours into the game Not worth the investment if you're not looking for something complex
game-hours: 209.3
review: My new favourite strategy game! Civ 5 offers a new experience every time you play. A ton of playable civilizations and lots of historical and fictional scenarios to attempt, as well as one of the best modding communities I've ever seen. Firaxis prove once again they are the masters of strategy games.
game-hours: 53.5
review: This is the most incredable game ever! Every time i play it a get addicted to the piont where my mom has to have me do something else. This game is a game where you can get allies and team up and take down someone else. It has an amazing multiplayer and i defenitly recommend this game. If I were rating it it would be like 1000/10 it is so good.
game-hours: 46.5
review: This game is amazing, it really is, everything about this is, the combat, is fair and very nice to look at, the exploring is always different, you never have a dull experience, the economy is affected by almost everything you do, the other civilizations, incredibly detailed and immersive, they're mere presence will give you shivers, you play this game, you feel like a ruler, but it is up to you what type of ruler you will be, in this game, you can create a civilization to stand the test of time.
game-hours: 76.8
review: I have played this game for 17 days straight. I have loved this game so darn much, that I have made countless youtube videos on it. I recommend this game like no other. Get it. Nuff Said -Wise Poet 1872
game-hours: 422.5
review: Extremly time consuming game. Really easy to get your moneys worth in game time. I have almost 300 hours in and have only (completed) one match. It's a strategy game, but has lots of different aspects. It could be seen as more of a war strategy game, but its more than that. You have to manage your cities, your ecomonmy, diplomatic relations, religion, and technological advances. It takes a few hours to get into the game, but once you do it will be easy to get AT LEAST 100 hours out of it. 10/10
game-hours: 143.9
review: great game......age of empires on steroids
game-hours: 180.7
review: I got this game in the 2013 summer sale it is so good that i would have payed around 60-90 dollars to play it.
game-hours: 693.0
review: Absolutely everything you wanted form a Sid Meier's game.
game-hours: 62.5
review: Great game
game-hours: 134.4
review: Civilization V is a very fun game for just messing around on or playing with friends. I have played this game for hours on end and keep finding myself coming back for more, I highly recomend this game. 10/10
game-hours: 86.0
review: This is on eof the most fun games I have ever played!
game-hours: 286.9
review: try it, its epic!
game-hours: 415.2
review: i Love this game i always play it with my friends and with BNW and G&K its Amazing i love these kinds of games and i cant wait for beyoond earth
game-hours: 234.1
review: Great game.
game-hours: 40.0
review: This game is great for Civ fans new and old. I simply love this game.
game-hours: 98.6
review: its a game woot woot
game-hours: 142.4
review: Soooooooo much better with DLC. Almost everyone has this game already so theres no real point in me telling you to get it.
game-hours: 58.0
review: This is the first game I got on steam and it is very fun and has many but also quite time consuming and can get repetitive after a few rounds
game-hours: 270.9
review: Great game, I advise you limit how often you play though. Over the summer I torrented it and thats all I played and now plain vanilla civ just seems boring to me. Don't be like me. Play it in moderation.
game-hours: 47.7
review: Definitely one of the Best Strategy games of the Year, awesome gameplay and graphics!
game-hours: 498.9
review: Whispy's Civ 5 Reveiw Civilization Five is in my opinion the best of the Civ series though I may not have all of them on Pc I have at least played them. Civilization has always been a series where you're either going to like it or dislike it due to it's very boardgame like gameplay. Imigine this game like risk except it involves MUCH more stratagy. ]The Pros +This game follows along verywell with what you can build acording to the time period +Religeon isn't something that's needed or bashed on +Amazing graphics +A easy to manage troop system +The npc leaders will speak the tongue of their civilization when you contact them or they conatact you (Example:Lord Bismark speaks German, and Lady Cathrine speaks Russian) Seriously props to this because this must have been hard as hell for some voice actors especially the ones who had to speak something as complez as the Aztec languge And now the cons... -The games are VERY long and can even span over the corse of SIX HOURS!? -This may not be your type of game so bewary if your not into stratagey -The AI are sometimes overly simplistic Thank you for reading this review and please excues any spelling/grammer issues
game-hours: 311.0
review: Become a cultural superpower; a beacon of peace and hope throughout the entire world, then once you win, nuke all of your opponents.
game-hours: 108.6
review: Super fun and awsome strategy game
game-hours: 132.8
review: I'll write a proper recommendation after this next turn. *click* Maybe next turn. *click* Next... *click* *click* *click* *click* *click*
game-hours: 26.6
review: Civ V AKA Just One More Turn: The Game. When you buy this game, say goodbye to doing anything productive.
game-hours: 94.3
review: I love the touch screen option for windows 8. Now I can take Civilization with me anywhere on my Surface Pro 2
game-hours: 471.7
review: .   .     .
game-hours: 1728.6
review: Been playing since the very first Civilization. Not all versions have been great, but Civilization V complete (with all the expansion packs) is the best one yet.
game-hours: 419.5
review: i just wanted too come here and say rome total war was the best game of all time. all times
game-hours: 17.3
review: I HATE that we have to use Steam!! Otherwise, it is one of the best CIV games yet. Great graphics, game play and the ability to gradually make the game harder and harder as you learn the particular strategies against different styles of game play. Really great job... I JUST HATE THE STEAM VIRUS!!
game-hours: 449.6
review: I've wasted so much time on this game. Which is totally a good thing
game-hours: 151.8
review: You can play as the glorious Nippon and build kawaii samumans 'n fight your way to your waifus and world domination. Hatsune Miku/10
game-hours: 109.7
review: Best turn based strategy out there.
game-hours: 87.8
review: Lots of fun Single or Multiplayer, like all Civ games
game-hours: 407.9
review: Always loved this game, But since i got Gods and kings and brave new world the game got even better. Telling yourself one last turn always ends in atleast 10 more turns. Definatly a must have
game-hours: 122.0
review: The most awesome game ever! Absolute must buy!
game-hours: 103.4
review: Very good game, even though a bit difficult to understand for people new to the civ games.
game-hours: 74.8
review: This game is one of the best turn based strategy games out there, if you are into strategy you will be sucked up into this glorious experience and not notice that half the day has passed and you seriously need to go to the bathroom or eat something, no joke!
game-hours: 71.5
review: This game is like crack.
game-hours: 371.5
review: Great game I totally recommend to anyone.
game-hours: 190.0
review: If you enjoy strategic thinking and planning, this is the game for you. Civ V offers an extremely polished and exciting variety of scenarios. With the ability to choose how your empire rises to power, or burns to the ground, this has easily become one of my favorite series. The one down-side to the game is how much time it consumes. Yes, you should expect to play one "standard difficulty" game for a few hours. This is acceptable. However, late in the game when every nation has multiple units/cities to attend to, the time between turns can drag quite a bit. This is easily remedied by playing with fewer adversaries. Overall, Civ V gets a 9.5/10 from me. From the stunning visuals, complex strategies, and varying maps to the multiple nations to choose from and unending outcomes, Civ V brings an exciting and thought-provoking game to the table. Without the somewhat sluggish movements later in the game, an easy 10/10.
game-hours: 224.6
review: Civilization 5 is a 4X Strategy Game that's more addicting than crack. Its controls are simple and easy to pick up without much of a learning curve and is perfect for begginers to the turn-based strategy game genre. Its multiplayer mode is a great way to enjoy the game too if it worked most of the time. Often you would find yourself disconnected in the middle of the game if just one person has  internet. With different map types and sizes and dozens of leaders to choose from, different playstyles can be accomadated whether you want to be a viscous warmonger razing cities or a merchant who buys his way to victory. Like crack, the first taste is free, next thing you know you've clicked 'add all dlc to cart'.
game-hours: 339.2
review: OHMAHGAHD this game is incredibly good and fun and I will always recommend it 90,000% of the time. Seriously, play this game.
game-hours: 494.4
review: Amazing game.
game-hours: 65.8
review: A really cool Stradegy game. i have deffenently spend a lot of hours (and money) on it!!!
game-hours: 1689.8
review: Yeah, I played it some and it was good.
game-hours: 90.4
review: Quite possibly the biggest time sink I've ever known
game-hours: 47.9
review: So far ive been addicted!
game-hours: 29.3
review: i like it
game-hours: 30.0
review: Played civ 4 and Revolation and by far civ 5 is the best one yet :)
game-hours: 459.0
review: Just one more turn...
game-hours: 43.7
review: Great way to lose an afternoon you'll never get back.
game-hours: 244.1
review: I like building 5 nuclear subs and filling them with nuclear missiles >:D
game-hours: 42.1
review: great game even better with friends
game-hours: 63.0
review: Steam sales :) best time to buy all the DLCs :)
game-hours: 270.2
review: If I had the hours back that I sank into this game, I would have accomplished something... Not sure what, but it would have been something. Though I doubt it would have ever compared to ruling the world.
game-hours: 57.5
review: Really great Strategy game...
game-hours: 478.0
review: Friggin
game-hours: 275.0
review: Would be perfect if Caveman2Cosmos is also available for Civ V :(
game-hours: 615.2
review: Hands down, one of the best strat games around!
game-hours: 32.4
review: One of the best games ever made!
game-hours: 49.7
review: Suddenly its 4am and I have to get up for work in 2 hours!
game-hours: 124.3
review: If I had a choice between having sex with kate Upton on nantional televison or playing this game, id pick playing this game 10 times outta 10
game-hours: 425.8
review: Great game. Has taken many hours of my life away.
game-hours: 25.3
review: I'd smash
game-hours: 48.1
review: Amazing Game :D 10/10
game-hours: 33.7
review: Play this game if you don't mind losing hours of your life without realizing it. It is highly addictive!
game-hours: 11.7
review: This game also doubles as a time machine 5 hours longer than you wanted to play in the future.
game-hours: 96.4
review: Timeless. Classic. Can your civilization stand the test of time?
game-hours: 264.8
review: yo dudes, geat game dudes.
game-hours: 146.3
review: Ever since I bought this game, I have played it every single day I could. It is so much more fun playing with people you know, but even by yourself it's such a great game!
game-hours: 226.8
review: Awesome game, very addicting. Great for sinking lots of hours into. The only problem is the multiplayer, it can be fairly glitchy and frustrating.
game-hours: 126.2
review: A+
game-hours: 41.4
review: Completely addictive game! Can sit down and play for hours without even realising. recommend to anyone
game-hours: 229.0
review: Great game! Very good replayability. Steam Workshop mods really make for an excellent buy.
game-hours: 144.5
review: 50 Hours into your latest save, all is going well. Only 3 leaders left Gandhi, Caesar and Washington. you draft an 'end game' plan in your mind, you will make friends with Gandhi (for obvious reasons he's chill) then procede to befriend Caesar. Then you will take out Washington because he is a  and did not accept an open border agreement 3000 years prior HE MUST PAY. 20 turns later all is going to plan, we are now on Washingtons doorstep, Gandhi and Caesar appear to love and probably fear your superpower nation. All we need to do is eliminate the pesky Americans and ith all our military now on American soil this should not take long. Then after the swift invasion of America we will make a vote for world peace at the U.N (in rome of course) with our new found Indian and Roman brethren it is a sure win! But all of a sudden the distant droning of nuclear sirens start, quickly they become louder and louder, "what is this!?" you think to yourself, a false alarm? You shrug it off maybe Caesae bombing a city state. The game pauses... Gandhi appears on the screen, with a sinister grin he shouts "WAR" in your face. Only seconds after you see a gut wrenching sight. The camera focuses on a nuclear submarine stationed just off the coast of your pride and joy, the capital of your glorious nation. You then hear a rumble, just seconds after a nuclear warhead emerges from the previously hidden submarine, you realise it is too late... you can only watch as the missle closes in. As your city goes up in a giant cloud there are short lived screams from your beloved people, then silence. Before what had just occurred had sunk in, before you could make rescue efforts to save your much loved citizens the humming of quiet engines fall upon your ears. Suddenly countless 'stealth bombers' appear seemingly out of no where, soon the sky is blackened by planes, the game falls almost silent only the whistle of falling bombs remains. You faint from the shock of what is unfolding. You awake shortly after, Gandhi is still flattening what remains of your once prosperous empire, now with 'giant death robots' making the most of his seemingly never ending turn. As Gandhi clinically and relentlessly razes what's left of your broken nation all you can do is weep, your people hacked down in their prime and your glorious nation so mighty just minutes before has just been been all but eliminated in 1 turn. Why oh why did you turn of autosave? did it really speed your game up? was it worth it? Ghandi is a complete , he acts like your friend but WILL nuke the  out of you if even the slightest oppurtunity presents itself. 10/10
game-hours: 2601.2
review: I only played a little but it was fun.
game-hours: 316.9
review: It's like crack. You keep telling yourself 'just one more turn'. but then you realize you've been sitting in your underwear for for 36 hours and you've forgotten to check on your wife who gave birth to your baby last night.
game-hours: 3979.9
review: Made me obsessed, destroyed my social life, gave me and irrational fear of Gandhi. and made me invest countless hours into destroying civilizations. 12/10 potatoes
game-hours: 126.6
review: -playing as the US -explores and finds siam -befriends siam -finds greece -greece is a  and invades -gets in a war with greece -takes 2 greek cities and returnes the rest -greece is happy -sails to new lands and finds all other nations -befirends russia and china -gets in a foolish war with siam not knowing that every nation exept china and russia is friends with siam -feels sad because everyone hates me -makes peace with siam because im feeling guilty for being a warmonger -people start being nice to me -feels happy, only germany and arabia are guarded, everyone else is friendly -china asked me to declaire war on arabia even though he has done nothing to me -I decline because Ive decided to be an example to the civilized world -china declares war on and denounces me -germany declares war on me -every nation on earth exept for russia declaires war on me -me and russia vs. the world -I have 3 nukes and no one else has any -cant make myself use them -steamroll enemy city states south of me -steamroll greece to the north -steamroll native american settlements on some islands near me -siam discovers urainum -siam is confirmed to have nuclear power plant -must stop siam from getting nukes -US gunships race to punch a hole in siams defences -all reserve units are embarked for the invasion with destroyer escorts -gunships meet uber heavy resistance -invasion due in 2 turns -russia is being cut off from US aid -sends paratroopers to break the siege of moscow -fails due to being outnumbered 20:1 -D-Day in siam -steamrolls siam until only capital left -no sign of atomic weapons -100,000 troops surrounding the capital -air raid sirens -siam nukes himself four times along with most of my troops -paras mop up and capture the capital -sad music -all other nations in shock -we mourn our fallen troops -all nations make peace in the next 4 turns -we all are sad -decides war must end for good -changes course for diplomatic victory -starts work on UN -becomes allies with 19 city states -all nations live in realitive peace -finishes UN -wins vote -wins game 10/10 no feels like this in a game before.
game-hours: 14.1
review: When Gandhi or Ethiopia comes to your doorstep with gifts of gold, dyes, and ivory, take my advice. Ready all your tanks and nukes, arm them, AND SHOOT THEM LIKE YOUR LIFE DEPENDS ON IT. They are evil, traitorous demons. NEVER TRUST THEM. However, Genghis Khan is my best friend. He came up to me and was all like, "De full do bu la chi mendo." And I said, "Okay! Let's be friends!" I can never understand that guy, but something about our relationship just works. Ghandi Hating Simulator 2014 11/10
game-hours: 51.1
review: You'll decide to play for an hour and you'll realize four days later that your wife left you, but you're so close to killing that scumbag Gandhi that it doesn't even matter. 20/10
game-hours: 152.8
review: Never. Trust. Ghandi.
game-hours: 40.9
review: Don't attempt to play this before going to bed.
game-hours: 444.1
review: Say goodbye to your life.
game-hours: 169.1
review: Civilization V is a highly addictive turn-based 4X game. If you play this game you can find yourself so wrapped up in the game that you only pause because you hear the sound of birds chirping outside and come to the realisation that you have to go to work in 2 hours. Then you decide it doesn't matter and play for another 2 hours. A game that has multiple civilizations to play as and many ways to play them naturally has a high amount of replay value, and this is only added to by the Steam Workshop. While Civilization 5 can stand on its own, it is really benefited by owning the expansions Gods and Kings (G&K) and Brave New World (BNW), which add additional civilizations as well as features like religion and trade routes. If you enjoy the 4X genre, then I can wholeheartedly recommend Civilization 5, and if you're unfamiliar with it I would suggest you try it, but I can see how it wouldn't appeal to everyone. In the event that you buy this game, I will leave you with some advice. Don't trust Gandhi. He will acquire nukes. He will use them. On you.
game-hours: 25.4
review: Best of the series.
game-hours: 69.5
review: Wow, i didn't think i'd like this so much, im glad i bought it. 10/10
game-hours: 153.5
review: :) i love in up other civs, making all them monehs! Need a decent graphics card for it, its a little monster otherwise on the crashing!
game-hours: 42.0
review: A truely addictive game , the game contains so many AWESOME moments like when you get surround by enemy troops as you fight them to your last unit and you legendery civilzation has been vanquished... OR vice versa you take out a powerful might foe and you add his city to yours and then set off for the world... such moments make this game a classic if you dont own this game ... JUST BUY IT ALREADY!!!!!!
game-hours: 108.6
review: great game!
game-hours: 293.2
review: Best strategy game. I've put tons of hours into this game. 10/10
game-hours: 139.0
review: I've put more time in this game than any other steam game i own, for a reason.
game-hours: 309.8
review: Really great game, a definite time killer.
game-hours: 60.8
review: This is a good game, I'm rating this because it's the first on my list, because reasons.
game-hours: 27.8
review: Its a winner of a game!
game-hours: 90.9
review: my review for this game is that i love it. it is a great game i would recomend it if you wan to try it out use the demo for anyone that is not sure if they like it or not
game-hours: 190.3
review: Excellent replayability. Addicting, especially multiplayer.
game-hours: 55.7
review: While the earlier Civs probably sucked more of my time, this one is the best - especially the combat makes a lot more sense, and hexagonal movement is a welcome addition.
game-hours: 10.2
review: 6/6 is pretty ok
game-hours: 151.9
review: Gandhi is an  10/10
game-hours: 220.9
review: Simply incredible. I'd never played a Civilization game before Civ 5; its easy to learn and great fun to play. Recommend to all strategy fans
game-hours: 54.0
review: What's there to say? It's Civ V. RTS juggernaut. It's a great game, although there are a few flaws. Specifically, the AI is weird. It doesn't act like you'd expect. There's no way to game them or be "strategic" about it at all. You just can't piss anyone off, or you are basically on a losing battle to craft alliances. That's why I always go it solo and do my best to outgun/research everyone else. Otherwise, I don't know how to win personally, but I'm not great at RTS games anyway. If you do get this (I do recommend it obviously), just keep the above in mind.
game-hours: 116.6
review: I've been playing the Civ games since the very first one on my old Packard Bell Pentium 100 DOS PC. Each title adds new features and gameplay options, but still manages to keep the core gameplay the same. This is one game that'll keep you coming back again and again, more than anything else I've ever played.
game-hours: 164.5
review: 10/10
game-hours: 239.5
review: Solid title in a great series
game-hours: 48.8
review: Good game
game-hours: 61.2
review: Amazing game, even better with friends!!
game-hours: 178.5
review: This game is pretty good and i spent a lot of time on it
game-hours: 159.0
review: best game out :)
game-hours: 190.0
review: Build Colussus in London; conquer France; Russia, China, and the United States; ally with Germany and Japan; go into 7th World War against India, Egypt, the Songhai, and the Aztecs, force enemies to verge of defeat using the largest army ever recorded, watch it all go down in nuclear flames as Ghandi launches 85 nukes at all your allies and yours cities, rebuild, repeat for one more turn. 10/10
game-hours: 2581.8
review: As always since the first CIV an awesome game
game-hours: 14.6
review: great
game-hours: 20.7
review: One of the best strategy games ive played
game-hours: 15.1
review: This game is one of those games that will keep you up for hours. With telling yourself just one more turn and the next thing you know, it's 4 in the morning. This game is wonderful fun for the strategist in all of us.
game-hours: 530.3
review: WHY DON'T YOU OWN THIS YET?!?!??!?!?!??!!!!!!!
game-hours: 617.7
review: Sunk nearly 600 hours into this game, still find it deep and rewarding, best current 4x game on the market 10/10, concentrates on civilization building, not just warfare.
game-hours: 207.2
review: This is a fun game, but very time consuming.
game-hours: 477.2
review: Not as good as Civ 2, but just look at the hours I have.
game-hours: 191.8
review: The best, around. Yeah, it is.
game-hours: 44.9
review: I've never been into RTS or anything of the sort, so I figured I wouldn't enjoy Civilization or similar games. But I was very very wrong. I highly recommend this game! :D
game-hours: 44.3
review: I could easily play this game for the rest of my life. 10/10
game-hours: 146.3
review: This game is awesome
game-hours: 49.4
review: this game is amazing.. its eating up every moment of my free time.. which is somehow a good thing :)
game-hours: 81.9
review: Great game. Played it for hours, the expansions also add some really interesting new mechanics to the game.
game-hours: 296.1
review: Pretty much has all the best gameplay of a civ game, I prefer the non unit stacking that 5 has over 4 kinda got overpowered
game-hours: 145.2
review: Extremely fun game. With the the complete edition going for 25 dollars it's an absolute steal of a deal. You won't regret puchasing this game.
game-hours: 82.0
review: Great Game.
game-hours: 145.4
review: One of the best games made in the past decade. Civ 5 is flawless. Hardcore and casual sim fans alike can find something to waste entire weekends with. Superb, excellent, masterpiece... these words fall short. If you don't own this, then I'm afraid I can't speak to you.
game-hours: 30.1
review: The best thing since sliced bread.
game-hours: 58.1
review: pretty gooooooooood.
game-hours: 107.3
review: What was already good just got better! Highly recommended!
game-hours: 62.4
review: Love the replay value and the interesting aspects in the game. The technology tree, geography, and different civilizations keeps it fresh every play through. A standard game takes about 5-8 hours so you get a pretty good bang for your buck, and it's not too hard to learn. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who is a fan of turn based strategy games.
game-hours: 105.6
review: one of the best strategy games out there
game-hours: 148.3
review: good game, would nuke cities again. 10/10
game-hours: 83.1
review: fun to play by yourself or with friends, one of my favorite strategy games
game-hours: 167.5
review: Civ V, a semi-complex turn based strategy game where you are a leader of a civilization trying to stand the test of time and become the best civilization and be lost in history. This game is pretty addicting spending about around 2 hours to complete a quick game offline, though I have not tried multiplayer (as I feel as if I'm not ready) I'm sure you will find lots of fun in this game. Also, steam workshop! 10/10
game-hours: 292.9
review: I've managed to play 254 hours of it and i'm still not bored.
game-hours: 387.4
review: Sid Meier's Civilization series has broken boundaries for gaming. It has popularized many common elements and spawned many imitators, and it is obvious why. Sid Meier's Civilization V, however, breaks even more boundaries than its predecessors. It fluently mixes history with brilliant gameplay alongside smart systems to balance nearly everything properly. With many different nations to choose from, one can learn about many different historically significant people in time and where they come from, all while exploiting the bonuses each nation holds to conquer the world, culturally dominate it, or just make it through its many challenges. The scenarios presented are also a sheer stroke of brilliance. From surviving on an alien planet to dealing with mass hysteria only of the likes found in the mind of Meier and his team, scenarios offer a nice break from typical gameplay as you are challenged greatly with anything from world domination of a new, undiscovered territory to simple survival of the fittest with tanks in 4000 BC. Accessing the unique annals of player created maps and scenarios also adds a new layer of intrigue and enjoyability to the game, with these crazy creations ranging from the simple addition of a pre-ancient era setting to a cooky, new scenario of a map already entirely conquered by mutant penguins and the players starting a rebellion to stop them. Sid Meier's Civilization V also lets players bout it out in multiplayer with friends or complete strangers. With the freedom to alter simple things such as the climate to more important things such as the way the game can be won, players can change the game drastically to challenge themselves and their friends against any number of foes they would like, ranging from them versus fifty city states all trying to destroy them, or giant powers such as Greece and the Iroqouis trying to take over and establish their own late game ideologies. These features allow the game to played many different ways, all with friends, making it that much more fantastic. If I were to recommend one PC exclusive game for anyone to play, I would choose Civilization V. Not only is it enjoyable, but it is educational on many different levels. From sciences, to history, to economics, and more, Civilization V does something many games wouldn't dare try: it treats the player like a human being, a human being willing to grow and adapt to what is presented and learn something while doing it. I know I have. Sid Meier's Civilization V is not only the ultimate strategy game, but THE ultimate game in general. 10/10
game-hours: 48.2
review: 9/10 would recomend to anyone who has alot of time on there hands
game-hours: 71.8
review: Got my  kicked by Ghandi. 9/10
game-hours: 1183.7
review: best game ever
game-hours: 364.7
review: Love this game. I have spent a ton of time in it. Can't get enough!
game-hours: 361.9
review: If it's a turn based strategy game you're after then this is a great start. With so many ways to play it never gets old!
game-hours: 325.6
review: This review is for badge points, but it is a good game.
game-hours: 101.0
review: The strategy game I've waited my whole life for. Finally!
game-hours: 95.9
review: If you dont play as america 100% of the time then get out of my face you filthy commie
game-hours: 318.8
review: Ruined my life? Well, that's pretty big talk from someone who ISN'T THE EMPRESS OF GREECE.
game-hours: 82.5
review: If you have kids of game playing age, this is a great one that you can play with them that is not just about running and gunning. It opens to door to talking about history, tacitcs and politics in general. My oldest loves this one and we have a great time playing with and against each other.
game-hours: 343.2
review: Clearly this game is a clever disguise for a time vampire. Just one more turn.
game-hours: 488.4
review: 473 hours on record and counting. Although to be honest some parts of Civilization IV were better, Civ5 lives up to the expectation. No more "army hoarding" and similar stuff, but not that big of a fan of the hexagonal system. As an avid Civilization player since Civ2, and being in the modding community for Civ3 and Civ4 (played them as much, if not more), I can easily say that the game's depth, especially with the expansions and custom mods (some are highly recommended), is worthwhile. Sure, it lacks some features (such as better map generations, a more culturally-linked neighbor system, which I somewhat solved with a mod from the Workshop, but hey it should've been in the game), and some respawn buttons for the "I didn't like where my settler started" type of situations, which they added in Civ4 in a later patch, should have already been in the game from the beginning. Still, it's hours of fun. High-end system with lots of RAM recommended for later stages of the game when every corner of the world has already been settled and units roam everywhere. Oh, one last thing; if you're looking for a rather more robust use when it comes to navies, while the expansions provide you that, they're not always up par with what a navy-loving gamer may expect.
game-hours: 175.7
review: Civilization V continues the tradition of 4x games started with Sid Meier's Civilization. When this game first came out I had reservations and doubts but since playing through a number of times I've grown to enjoy it. I'm still not sure this game needed to be in 3D since when I play these games I love playing on the Huge map and trying to win either the diplomatic, culture or space race victories. Unfortunately the further into the game you get the texture maps start taking a while to properly map onto the landscape. I have a GTX 550ti with 1GB of RAM on this computer so it's not exactly a slouch. Other than that the usual quibbles about any Civ game applies here. The most annoying is the amount of micro-managing later in the game. All in all it's a good game and can be very addictive. I'd recommend getting it if you enjoy 4x games.
game-hours: 55.0
review: A huge improvement imo with one unit per tile. No more stacks of death.
game-hours: 97.5
review: Got nuked by Ghandi 10/10 But in all seriousness this is a great Strategy Game. I've sunk, a bit of time into it and I don't regret any of it.
game-hours: 117.0
review: Nice game. Even though your new to series its still enjoyable and easy to get basics down.
game-hours: 88.0
review: If you hate board games but seek that friendship destroying competition then this is the game for you. Pair up with your favorite historical figure to make your friends hate you and to get that sense of superiority previously only found from stomping in monopoly. 10/10 I no longer have friends.
game-hours: 52.8
review: i fu*#in love this game
game-hours: 310.4
review: This is one of the best turn-based strategy games I have ever had the pleasure of playing. A must-buy for the fans and a great way for newcomers to finally get familiar with the series.
game-hours: 268.0
review: Consumed multiples of my days at a time. 10/10
game-hours: 41.0
review: One of the most time killing games I've ever played. Its addicting like mad. completely recommended.
game-hours: 14.7
review: First Civilization game I've played. Bought it on the account of summer sale and great scores. Popped the game in to see what it was all about, instantly lost 12 hours of my life in one sitting. :(
game-hours: 397.2
review: You weren't going to do anything else with your day anyway...
game-hours: 20.9
review: Everyone loves me, except Montezuma. He is the hate itself. 10/10
game-hours: 80.7
review: This great game has lots to offer for a small package, I love the gameplah and mechanics. This game is exeddingly good for its price not to mention its preformance. I recondmend this game to anyone who is new to the Civilization sereis or is an expereanced player. I give it a 9.5 out of 10.
game-hours: 79.9
review: Love it!
game-hours: 569.7
review: Yeah so 340 hours logged and I still get the urge to play it every couple of weeks. This is one of a handful of must have PC games and one of the greatest games of all time.
game-hours: 52.6
review: I love the time suck that is this game! I've only put in about 50 hours so far, but I can't wait to get all of the achievements!
game-hours: 36.0
review: Great game, very time consuming for better or worse!
game-hours: 44.2
review: Ok, I'm about to get the science finish, my oponents are all still throwing axes and sticks at my city, while my GIANT F***ING DEATH ROBOTS OF DEATH stomp them to death, while at the same time, I prep a nulear warhead for launch against my one true enemy, GAHNDI. NO NO GAHNDI NO NO PLEASE PLEASE GAHNDI NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! *Creppy Gahndi face* *Gahndi launches 100 nuclear warheads against Darcnoss* *Darcnoss lost!* *Throws computer out the window* GGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 114.4
review: This game is so immersive I lost my wife to it for 3 months.
game-hours: 298.5
review: Best game!
game-hours: 181.3
review: If you want to destroy your entire social life, get this game.
game-hours: 324.5
review: WHY YOU NO LET ME SLEEP! It's too good, run while you still can.
game-hours: 257.7
review: Civilization is a game you need to set aside a lot of time to enjoy, but if you're okay with the time commitment you'll find a very rewarding and addicting strategy game. Civilization starts you out with a tiny settlement at the dawn of civilization and by the end of the game you'll have a spawling world power in the modern era. With several unique nations to play and different ways to win, there's a ton of ways to play the game and you'll always find new things to try. It's a very deep strategy game that's very rewarding. It's the kind of game where you find yourself awake late at night realizing you haven't eaten in hours but you can't stop now because you're at war with the Mongolians and you're abount to research gunpoweder which will finally turn the tide of battle...just one more turn.
game-hours: 27.4
review: The most addicting game ever!
game-hours: 44.2
review: Love It! Really great game. I recomment it to anyone who likes strategie games.
game-hours: 193.2
review: Looking for a good time? Like strategic turn based games where you gather resources and build a nation capable of leading the world in millitary might, diplomacy, culture, or science? Looking for a way to piss away days at a time without noticing? LOOK NO FURTHER THAN CIV V. This game will consume your soul unless you have a strong heart. Sleeping? No, I need to get that resource before Catherine the Great does. Eating? Pft that can wait. I need to finish DESTROYING NAPOLEON. Using the toilet? No. Go do that actually. Even animals don't  where they game. Civ V has so many options and extra stuff that YOU ARE NEVER DONE. With almost 300 achievements there is so much to do, AND THAT'S JUST THE OFFICIAL CONTENT! This game has Steam Workshop so you bet your  fellow players are cranking out new stuff all the time. I'm trying to find a flaw with this game but all I can come up with is the addiction factor, and that lies soley with the player.
game-hours: 1799.7
review: Just one... more... turn.
game-hours: 97.0
review: I've only played for about 2,450 hours, but even from that one match, I can tell this is an amazing strategy game. From the first annoying barbarian raids, to the last annoying Ghandi nukes, you'll be on the edge of your seat asking questions like, "I wonder what my family look like?" and "How old am I now?" Truly a stunning gaming experience. Too much water. 7.8/10
game-hours: 63.2
review: I've lost many hours of sleep to this game. Very Fun.
game-hours: 29.7
review: Super fun if you like turn base game.
game-hours: 232.5
review: I had a peaceful nation on my own continent. The Ioquois show up with warships and took my land. 10/10 would get smallpox again
game-hours: 52.7
review: Pretty good game once you add in all the DLC. It is lacking without the DLC though.
game-hours: 197.0
review: Atilla the Pun
game-hours: 19.6
review: sweet game
game-hours: 155.2
review: is gud
game-hours: 80.5
review: Amazingly addictive Strategy game. Has a huge amount of replay value and is best played with a friend. If you've played the older versions you'll like this one. Features have changed for both the better and worse, but it's a great game overall. My only ask is that Pitboss be improved instead of requiring a dedicated machine to host Turn By Turn matches.
game-hours: 576.5
review: A great game. Civ 5 is the perfect way to spend countless hours if you are someone that likes strategy.
game-hours: 882.1
review: great game
game-hours: 60.8
review: Highly addictive.
game-hours: 5.8
review: Great game, especially to play with a bunch of friends
game-hours: 68.6
review: this game is stupid dont buy it
game-hours: 28.0
review: A really good game to play with friends, as long as you have sometime to kill.
game-hours: 116.1
review: Very fun and addicting. Lots of fun to control what goes on and MURDER EVERYONE WITH NUCLE... I mean, um, fun. Would reccommend to anyone who has a fun time with strategy games :)
game-hours: 237.6
review: Its one of the only games that i can keep coming back to and enjoy.
game-hours: 13.9
review: Great game, endless fun!
game-hours: 49.1
review: awesome
game-hours: 765.7
review: DO NOT BUY THIS if you still value your social life!!!
game-hours: 894.9
review: Civ v: A game where Americans are communists and mongols can be peace loving hippies who dominate the world through culture. Amazing game.
game-hours: 561.9
review: Great!
game-hours: 16.6
review: Really fun everytime I play it. Mods are great too!
game-hours: 265.5
review: Very good
game-hours: 136.8
review: Ghandi is a
game-hours: 229.0
review: Awesome and addicting!
game-hours: 24.6
review: Doesn't fail in delivering a great strategy gaming experience.
game-hours: 24.5
review: Very fun but steep learning curve. Many online players are quick to punish those who are new.
game-hours: 280.8
review: There is nothing quite as satisfying as growing your empire in a world of bright faced, young new nations, hoping to find a nice place to call home. Then murdering them one by one, taking each of their cities for yourself and burning their best and largest just to prove a point to an AI that just wants to cover the world in trading post.
game-hours: 73.3
review: "I'll just play for a little ".....next thing you know the day is over, its 4am, and you forgot to feed the dog.
game-hours: 360.5
review: just one more turn.......
game-hours: 418.2
review: You know, this game is amazing, 10/10. But at some points in playing this, it causes you to ponder what the  you are doing in life. When a major holiday just passes you by when you have all intentions in participating in things with your family and friends it kinda hurts. But then you realize that you're about to start a nuclear war and you just kind of think "Well  it". That just about sums up this game.
game-hours: 57.7
review: Insanely addicting game.. and you can get it and the Gods & Kings xpac for cheaper via my GameFanShop than you can buy just Civ 5 for on Steam. The codes you get via my GameFanShop work on steam as well, here is the link:
game-hours: 100.8
review: I have sunk a lot of time into this game, by my standards at least. Completely reccommend to anybody who likes the genre.
game-hours: 1066.4
review: Super addicting. I've never played a game more than this one.
game-hours: 3.5
review: Just doing this for the badge. I'm terrible at this game, but it's pretty dope.
game-hours: 111.0
review: This is a game for everyone. It is so very addicting in the combinations of playing with each character. Additionally, changing the definitions of a cultural victory has increased the game length because there are no more quick and easy culture wins. The addition of trade routes make barbarians just that more annoying.
game-hours: 10.2
review: I LUV DIZ GAYM
game-hours: 55.3
review: I've only played one game so far but I liked it.
game-hours: 38.5
review: I clicked on stuff for 15 hours straight and me mum yelled at me and told to go to bed
game-hours: 201.7
review: Awesome strategy game if you have no life, because you will play for 4+ hours at a time and not even notice it. Just make sure you get the complete edition.
game-hours: 229.4
review: Great game, really addictive!
game-hours: 387.8
review: The only thing I would change about this game is the AI. When you set the difficulty higher, your enemies do not become smarter, they just get unfair advantages. If they got smarter when the game got harder, it would be much more interesting.
game-hours: 114.7
review: The go-to 4X game
game-hours: 33.2
review: Great game (with Brave New World) subpar otherwise. Very immersive, high replay value. Scenario mode is awesome. #Gandhi nuke man for president
game-hours: 364.9
review: I love it !
game-hours: 72.6
review: America waged war on Japan (Me) and I wiped them out w/ my army in seconds. 1337/10 not realistic :^)
game-hours: 520.9
review: What is there really to say about Civ that hasn't already been said... "Just one more turn!" is the cry of the Civ Junkie.
game-hours: 15.5
review: You need to get it! Got it? Good.
game-hours: 83.6
review: Very fun, and less confusing to play than Civ 4
game-hours: 67.0
review: 10/10 will drain all of your energy and social life into a dark void never to be retrieved again because that would require you getting off this game.
game-hours: 214.3
review: Amazing game, really keeps you on the hook. Just. One. More. Turn.
game-hours: 61.9
review: 10/10 would waste life again
game-hours: 36.0
review: So much fun and can easily waste the whole day on this game. Easy for anyone to pick up since the game does a good job of explaining things to you with the advisors and Civilopedia. I didn't play the vanilla version but I heard GK & BNW helped make the game a lot better.
game-hours: 183.0
review: Just...one...more...turn................
game-hours: 43.9
review: Nothin' like a good ol' 16 hour game of Civ on a rainy day.
game-hours: 468.4
review: Easily the best strategy game I've ever played.
game-hours: 383.3
review: Fantastic game that you can easily sink hundreds of hours into. Large and skilled modding community that provide a large amoung of extra content.
game-hours: 129.9
review: A lot of fun with BNW and G&K expansions. Get a buddy or two, and see who can spread their ly named religion the furthest, create an absurd amount of natural wonders, or accumulate a dragon's hoard of cash.
game-hours: 278.9
review: Great game if you have the time and money to offer it. Lots of knowledge!
game-hours: 17.6
review: Super addictive game, you can start playing a small campaign and when you look to the cloock, 8 hours have passed. Not recomended for those with no time!
game-hours: 55.3
review: Lots of fun!
game-hours: 5.1
review: nukes nuff said
game-hours: 3.4
review: its just fun.
game-hours: 98.0
review: It's like sex. Fun with other people but still fun when you're all alone.
game-hours: 131.8
review: #GHANDI4LIFE
game-hours: 281.8
review: Fun and involving game which you could lose several hours to easily if you don't keep attention on the clock.
game-hours: 15.7
review: A cursor would greatly improve game play (and keep me from being a curser) I had no idea where the mouse was which made clicking on buttons for game play near impossible. Other than that graphics are good and game play is much like prior Civ games.
game-hours: 21.6
review: It was a bit tough to learn all the game mechanics, but once you get the hang of it, It's a fun game, especially if you like history.
game-hours: 3287.3
review: best turn based game ever!
game-hours: 107.2
review: People want money and power. In the game, you can have both.
game-hours: 459.1
review: A great new take on the Civilization series with hours and hours of playability.
game-hours: 10.4
review: Seed Meter's Ceevilzation is ze beest Mother Russia Simuulater on the Steeam Wourkshot evver deevised bye noon-Russian haunds 10/10 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Serious Review: Sid Meier's Civillization is a good game. I cant do this well, so just look up a review on Youtube or something, just not on IGN
game-hours: 256.7
review: "One more turn" well that turns into 4 more turns which turns into I'm really getting tired of you eyeballing me like that England.....the world descends into war, and if you've done it right, you rule the world. You never quite know what you're gonna get and early on you just might get quick attacked and well game over these dudes with junky swords and no armor just wrecked your only city and that's it, all that is left of you is what will be in the archaeological records. I'm a firm believer of spreading like the plague in this game, then once everyones mad about you grabbing up all the land, build an army and enact your own manifest destiny, the others will either fall in line or they'll talk smack about you and spy on you giving you an excuse to go after them....this game....just buy it!
game-hours: 518.1
review: complete edition on king uin . com 15 euro max +300 hours = profit
game-hours: 26.2
review: It is a banger.
game-hours: 107.5
review: This is an extremely fun game, however without the DLC and multiplayer it would be dreadedly boring!
game-hours: 84.5
review: The thing with this game is you have to span one game across a few days otherwise you are going to get bored with it, like with AoE III, you can only play one campaign in one sitting or one game so it works out ok. with this you need to get the idae out of your head that 'I can do one game in 1 sitting' its never gonna happen, unless you overdose on caffiene or cocain. I do not promote either tho also its best with friends, not at night tho as everybody goes quite whilst secretly planing how they are going to roll over you quicker than nazi germany on france or amassing great amounts of money to call war on you. its still a solid 8/10 tho just problems with workers not doing work sometimes? bit anyoing and even more time consuming.
game-hours: 94.4
review: This is my first time playing a game in this series, and I throughly enjoy it. It's great fun to play alone, but it shines when you play with and against your friends in multiplayer! It does take some time to get used to how it works, however there are many strategies at your disposal. I would suggest this to strategy game players, but it can be fun for others as well. A well-made enjoyable game! Great game!
game-hours: 237.4
review: <3
game-hours: 47.7
review: Ten out of ten. Having tons of fun with my group on this one!
game-hours: 93.2
review: It allows me to stab my friends in the back and crush their hopes and dreams, good game 10/10
game-hours: 53.3
review: I adore this game! A strategic powerhouse with never-ending possibilities (I'm serious)! Beautiful graphics, well thought out gameplay ... The list goes on and on. 10/10 - A must have.
game-hours: 80.1
review: I like this game, it's fun. Except Ghandi is mean
game-hours: 360.0
review: Strategy in its finest. This game is the flagship of the turn-based Strategy genera. Whether you are into strategy or not, the game offers many simple to complex options to lead your own civilization to endure the test of time. Wage war, diplomacy, discoveries and many other tasks await those that want to build the most powerful civilization the world has ever known.
game-hours: 333.8
review: This game is great for all kinds of players. For those that like to be a war mongering leader, to those who want to out class their opponents in technology, and even for the peace lover who wants to win by diplomacy or culture. With all the expansions there are so many choices for civilizations and ways to play, the replay value is amazing. I love to personally play team games with my frineds online, but the options for freestyle single player or situation games makes this a game that I can't get enough of.
game-hours: 390.4
review: The Game Franchise speaks for itself. So, there is not much to add. For me, the best thing in Civ is that I am never tired of it. I mean. sometimes I want to play something else, but after a few days or weeks I can play it again, as it was yesterday that I bought it. It fun for a long long time and so, buying it was well spent money.
game-hours: 18.4
review: little too different from the good old original games
game-hours: 277.1
review: Better than civ 4
game-hours: 62.3
review: great historical turn based strategy game, recommend if you like this genre.
game-hours: 66.9
review: The Best!
game-hours: 412.9
review: Dude........
game-hours: 42.8
review: ,  )))
game-hours: 106.1
review: A great game that quickly sucks up hours of your life, the CIV series never fails to disapoint.
game-hours: 276.9
review: Too much time spent on this game!
game-hours: 61.7
review: fun and addicting!!
game-hours: 289.3
review: Although I feel that Civ V is slightly out of balance, with several strategies dominating all other strategies (at least against the AI), it is in my opinion the best Civilization game to date. A lot of the overwhelming complexiy introduced in previous versionswas removed or reworked, but not in a way that would make the game too simple. It's now more accesible to new players, without being less rewarding for veterans.
game-hours: 12.1
review: If you are in university and need to write an essay due tomorrow DO NOT LAUNCH THIS GAME. the whole "one more turn" is just your brains way of justifying the last 6 hours you spent on this game 10/10 goty
game-hours: 2248.2
review: It's ok i guess
game-hours: 492.9
review: Great 4x strategy game. No matter how many times I play it, it is the one game I always come back to.
game-hours: 130.9
review: Yes you're having fun now but before long you wont know what ing day it is. You'll never get some of the best hours of your life back but  it you've just taken out Bismarck, the smug German prick.
game-hours: 36.6
review: I like this game.
game-hours: 295.2
review: Sunk hours into this game and there are loads of great mods for if you ever get bored!
game-hours: 178.7
review: Great game, keeps you busy for hours and you forget all about your worries. 16 hours in to a game I started Friday morning, it is now 1:06am Saturday... "Okay it's getting late, just one more tu....OH crap, forgot to pick the kids up from school!"
game-hours: 5.6
review: The joy this game has brought me is pretty much unlimited. I can say my grad work and home projects have been neglected mutliple times because I got knee deep in a new campaign. Addicting game with lots of awesome game mechanics. I don't play as much anymore mainly because I don't have the time but whenever I get a spare moment, I hop on to play for as long as I possibly can. Love this game!
game-hours: 69.3
review: This game is honestly great. So much strategy and you actually get to use your brain!
game-hours: 351.9
review: Awesome game but sieging cities is now so much harder. Lol, loved just cruising through like in Civ III but now i have to take siege units in to crack a size 2 city just cos its on a hill. Artillery are so useful but b4 that cities kill half ur units every attack.
game-hours: 208.9
review: dis sum gud sheet mang
game-hours: 334.1
review: FOR GOD SAKE BUY THIS! WHERE ELSE CAN YOU LIVE THROUGH 6050 YEARS IN THE SPLACE OF (insert time tiken for playthrough here), I MEAN YOU HAVE TO PLAY THIS, ESPECIALLY SEEING AS THE SEQUEL COMES OUT LATER THIS YEAR.
game-hours: 340.9
review: it's fun and you're a dingus if you don't buy it
game-hours: 109.1
review: Game is very fun, recemmended to play with friends. 8/10 alone, 9/10 with friends.
game-hours: 111.6
review: This is an outstanding game both single player and multiplayer. The game is quick to pick up, but lets you learn something new every step of the way. This is a great game to grab a couple friends and make an empire, or go it alone and take over the world. I have spent far too many hours in game and will spend far too many more. Give this three thumbs up.
game-hours: 787.6
review: This is a great and fun 3rd person game!
game-hours: 134.0
review: One of my all time fav games, played the first civilization to the present, just keeps getting better.
game-hours: 78.7
review: Makes time just disappear.
game-hours: 164.8
review: An amazing game, great graphics, and an easy to learn layout. It's one of those easy to learn, hard to master games. If you are a fan of turn based strategy games, you must get this game. But the at the highest level you WILL LOSE if you have no idea what your doing. But still an amazing experiance! 9.7/10 : Non-stop Fun!
game-hours: 56.0
review: What can I say..... it does all the things that anyone playing previous civilisation games have grown to love and expect, and more.... for anyone else: one of the best turn based strategy games made has been updated and improved. a must for anyone with an interest in the genre!
game-hours: 69.5
review: it's GREAT!
game-hours: 83.4
review: Great game! I recommend this to anyone who loves world history and such.
game-hours: 13.6
review: After being quite excited about Civ 5 I was really dissapointed. It just didn't deliver. So I put it down and played other games. So I wouldn't reccomend Vanilla Civ 5. Then my borther comes to me and starts raving about how Civ 5 is awesome. At this point I'm lost. He insists I get the complete edition, which after much badgering I do. Because I bought the complete edition Steam Wont let me review Brave New world, instead, I can only review the vanilla version. Don't buy it on its own. Get the complete ediiton Brave New World makes the whole game feel new and exciting. It will never be as good as the Civ's of old; nostlagia ensures of that, but Brave New World makes Civ 5 a great game to play. It diversifys game play; Military action is not the be all and end all of the game, and more to the point, other vicotry options feel viable. Mass expansionism doesn't win the day. You feel like diplomacy could get you through the game, and that you gain activly force issues though trading (or not as the case may be). An example of this you ask? My brother and my friend go to war. I have no real militry to speak of, but I offer my services to my friend. In the Civ games of old this would just be war profiteeering, and in fairness, it was. However, due to my actions all the city states declare war on my brother, thus collectivly ending several trade deals. This essentially bankrupts my brother which makes his Civ's unhappiness sky rocket. The basic structure of this concept is in vanilla Civ 5, but it isn't until BRave New World that it seems to make any realy impact. However, despite having 'new Civ AI' settings, every Civ feels the same; Arrogant, aggressive and pushy; even if they are friendly. So yeah. I don't reccomend Civ 5. On its own it is dull and dreary. I do reccomend it so long as you get Brave New World, or the complete edition.Get it with Brave New World. The expansions make CIv 5 the game it should have been on release. It isn't perfect, but it is a fresh, new way to play.
game-hours: 46.6
review: Civilization V is one of the best RTS games I have played. It has tons of replayability and is highly adictive. I recommend you buy this game. :D
game-hours: 153.9
review: This game will make you racist. 10/10
game-hours: 28.8
review: Finally available for Linux, and works even better than on Windows! :)
game-hours: 348.3
review: good good
game-hours: 185.6
review: One of the best strategic board games out there. The hours will fly by as you play this game. I would recomend buying the game and DLC bundle if it's on sale for a good discount. At 75% off, it's totally worth buying!
game-hours: 192.2
review: Nuke your enemies and sell your !
game-hours: 89.0
review: I recommend the  out of this.
game-hours: 40.2
review: Very entertaining game with a very complex , yet easy to understand, system.
game-hours: 149.6
review: Just bought twelve games in the summer sale and I still decide to play Civ V instead.
game-hours: 31.5
review: Kiss your life goodbye
game-hours: 496.4
review: An awesome game, have wasted days waging war with my friends. Brave New World only makes it better, definitely recommend,
game-hours: 73.0
review: Until the DX11 issue is fixed,  OFF
game-hours: 8.7
review: I love the Civ Games and have been playing them since Civ 2. The only thing I think the games have lost is the espionage element. I miss having my spies in Civ 2 that I could move about the board and create strife in neighboring cities then take them over. I know a lot of people disliked that about the spies and I have found that most people either love or hated the spies no in between. Either way this is still a good addition to the Civ world. Looking forward to the next installment. Oh... And bring back spy units!
game-hours: 46.4
review: Bueno.
game-hours: 351.7
review: My Favorite game!
game-hours: 655.7
review: This game is so really very good.
game-hours: 116.8
review: u don actlcy liek dsih its but whenas thoutbnd dunt
game-hours: 66.3
review: Just... one... more... turn...
game-hours: 22.3
review: Gandhi is such a .
game-hours: 243.7
review: I had only played Civ Rev on the Xbox until I bought Civ 5 - and I am in love. It is so much more in depth with so much to do and so many more options. Unless you only play on one of the easy modes, you really have to know what you're doing and I love that.
game-hours: 154.9
review: Fantastic just is a big time eater
game-hours: 186.2
review: The jury is open on how Civ V compares to previous games, but personally I haven't enjoyed the series this much in a long time. Some systems have been simplified, but it only serves to make more room for others to become deeper. Empires are now creatures to be fine tuned rather than sprawling beasts, as the rule of diminishing returns will work against land grabs and conquerers. Diplomacy is intuitive, and when that fails war is satisfyingly tactical. For decades Civilization has held the crown as the pinnacle of open ended strategy gaming, and this iteration only strengthens its grip.
game-hours: 436.5
review: Great game, endless hours spent playing
game-hours: 110.5
review: What can be said about this game that already has not been said. This is a very fun game that combines the playstyles of boardgames such as risk and Settlers of catan. buy this game
game-hours: 100.4
review: Singleplayer is really fun and so is the multiplayer when you can get it to ACTUALLY WORK.
game-hours: 79.0
review: It keeps me entertained for hours, so yes. Buy this and play it. Like nao.
game-hours: 193.3
review: What can I say that hasn't been said about the Civilization series? This game is a staple in PC gaming, almost everyone owns it and plays it on the reg. To this day still one of my all time favs.
game-hours: 884.1
review: simply put, one of the most robust turn based strategy games to date. Plenty of achievements to keep anybody occupied. many different styles of play and ways to customize your experience. A must for any 4X lover.
game-hours: 150.6
review: Fantastic RTS, tons of replayability, but you're going to want to dedicate a ton of time if you want to play multiplayer.
game-hours: 203.1
review: This game is pretty good without any dlc but with it it becomes a masterpiece
game-hours: 140.7
review: This is a really good game
game-hours: 351.6
review: Played 2 days with no breaks. Lost my house, My Dignity, My Life 10/10, 100/100, Best Game!
game-hours: 0.9
review: Fun stategic game
game-hours: 112.6
review: If you like strategy games you should buy this.It has everything that come out with it.And it is on sale too.But you will have to wait a lot of turns hich is not boring.
game-hours: 308.5
review: When I was younger I remember seeing my Grandpa's computer one day filled with little characters and hexes (pause/ standby screen); the game was Civilization II. I later learned how great the series was. Cilization V is especially good. The updates they have made to the game help a great deal in adding some complexity that was missing when the game was first released. Great multiplayer game for friends to just chill and play together.
game-hours: 424.1
review: One of my all-time favorites. Whether it's the enjoyable gameplay or the absurd historical situations (where the Incas can invent Christianity and Ghandi can become a warmongering dictator), this game never fails to entertain me.
game-hours: 29.9
review: Nice and funny game
game-hours: 230.7
review: pretty good
game-hours: 35.9
review: Excellent graphics and smoothly transitions between turns. Definitely stays tue to the Civilization brand!
game-hours: 197.4
review: Loved every minute of it. Never trust Gandhi. Never.
game-hours: 149.2
review: tis alot of fun, no other words from me
game-hours: 115.0
review: Fun game, though there are some features that are just annoying, or seem relatively useless. Perhaps just because I don't understand everything about that feature yet.
game-hours: 193.3
review: It's pretty great.
game-hours: 114.2
review: Thoroughly enjoy the game, well worth the money
game-hours: 138.8
review: Great turn-based strategy game. Highly recommended.
game-hours: 529.6
review: Best turn-based strategy series ever
game-hours: 2.9
review: I've wasted days with this game. Get it and enjoy ruling the world.
game-hours: 238.6
review: Great game and definately very happy, as always from the Civ franchise. The new features are definately a great addition to the franchise and the DLC's definately dont disappoint either! Definately worth a buy.
game-hours: 110.4
review: Really enjoy playing this game with friends. Only trouble is sometimes there is connection troubles with the civ servers.
game-hours: 240.3
review: Civ V is the most addicting game i've ever played. It's the most intense, and deep strategy game i've ever played.
game-hours: 456.8
review: This game is wonderful, but a major time sink. The only problem I have is that I find it really hard to get into a game file that I have saved, and it usually takes several hours to play a full game, even on your own.
game-hours: 848.7
review: It was fun
game-hours: 58.1
review: Very relaxing game, buy it while its on sale.
game-hours: 104.8
review: I played as Japan and won the game with nukes.
game-hours: 149.2
review: Civ V. Probably one of the greatest games i've ever played in my relativly short existence. Imersive, addictive, and a barrel of fun. 55^5/10
game-hours: 123.7
review: Great Game. This is a game that I will keep playing for years.
game-hours: 33.4
review: Is really good.
game-hours: 148.8
review: Awesome game. I wish there was a more efficient way to play with friends.
game-hours: 47.4
review: Awesome game. The strategies change based on the expansions you get so I would recommend buying the whole thing in one go so you only have to learn once. I've played a lot and even more offline. It's yet to get old.
game-hours: 91.0
review: After playing this game for a long, long, long time. I can definitely say it was worth my money and time. I loved next to every aspect of it from watching Gandhi start a war with England and K.Oing England, to watching Barbarians steal a Great General and destroying a tank.
game-hours: 47.8
review: I have 47 hours in this game and I still don't know how it works. But I just... can't... stop.
game-hours: 201.9
review: awsome game
game-hours: 159.3
review: >Rome asks to go to war with Spain >Gets tired of Rome's requests, accepts >takes over Spain, Rome doesn't even help >gets denounced by Rome for warmongering 10/10
game-hours: 363.5
review: It is a fun game . . . But only with both expansions.
game-hours: 332.0
review: Like the previous Civ games only improved by more DLC and game options
game-hours: 269.1
review: better than 4
game-hours: 145.1
review: Goot Game, Luts Of Fun 10/10
game-hours: 244.7
review: Great game for killing time with your friends
game-hours: 155.7
review: It's cool. You should get it, Jon.
game-hours: 143.6
review: Step 1. play as the english step 2. ally with the Iroquois step 3. Skype with Iroquois leader step 4. Scream MANIFEST DESTINY MOTHER ER!!!!!!!! into the mic, and slam your troops into him. step 5. Destroy everything except a group of settlers and workers, and send them northward into the lands of barbarians and enemy nations 10/10 would conquer again.
game-hours: 17.8
review: i love this game first Civilization and love it cant wait for Beyond earth!
game-hours: 210.3
review: This game can make you forget that free time has other uses. It is an incredibly addictive strategy game that takes away large portions of your life. A single game can take over eight hours to finish (on the standard speed, it can be set to go faster or much slower), so this isn't a game for the impatient. Since it's turn-based you can also easily do other things while playing, making it good for multi-taskers, though playing so casually will extend the already lengthy game times. I highly recommend both the Gods & Kings and Brave New World expansions, as they both add a variety of new and interesting mechanics to keep each game unique. There are some issues, mostly with the multiplayer; mods are not supported in multiplayer - no matter how little they change the game - and the AI becomes much less interactive and therefore much more boring during multiplayer games.
game-hours: 31.1
review: I've been a fan of Civ since Civ 4 which I know isn't long but nonetheless Civ is still one of the best strategy games I've played and probably always will be. I would highly recommend it.
game-hours: 383.0
review: Play this far too much! Love it, always have. Plenty of detail, gameplay. Graphics as you would expect. The Whole game is nicely polished but what I love the most is the amount of mods and stuff available in the workshop, pretty much change the whole game. 9/10 (looking forward to the next installment)
game-hours: 2982.1
review: Best Civilization Game ever in my opion - 1UPT is the best thing ever happened for the game
game-hours: 190.4
review: :)
game-hours: 220.7
review: Not much to say. Amazing game and really hard to put down. Gets only better when you have lots of friends to play with. Is very time consuming and one game can last hours.
game-hours: 25.5
review: This is a 4x game about building the biggest and best Empire known to man. It is very fun and can/will steal hours of your life away.
game-hours: 5.8
review: DO NOT PLAY THIS IF YOU HAVE OCD. You will be like "Hmm, i cant make a town here, this has only 1 banana and 2 cotton next to me" , then you will die because everybody will be super developed by the time u have two cities.
game-hours: 165.2
review: Great game cant fault it apart from a few bugs fun to play for long periods and to just chill on an easy going strategy game
game-hours: 33.9
review: Not all Sid Meier's games are awesome, this goes for the Civilization series as well. This one is a must-play if you like turn-based strategy games though. It is really interesting and offers a long play-time, almost never gets boring.
game-hours: 170.1
review: You play this game when you don't have internet access and/or you have about 20 hours to blow on 1 game. Not recommended if you value sleep or food over world domination.
game-hours: 262.4
review: Ruined Friendships
game-hours: 27.7
review: it good game
game-hours: 344.7
review: Fun game.
game-hours: 403.2
review: Good game
game-hours: 1.8
review: Fun game to play with friends.
game-hours: 104.8
review: If you like Strategy and changing the past, then you'll love this game. Go for Complete package so you don't have to spend 50 more dollars.
game-hours: 47.0
review: This game is so addicting! What am I doing with my life? Oh wait, I hold the fate of millions in the palm of my hand. Mwuahaha!
game-hours: 247.5
review: Awesome game and renewal of the series. Expansion and Steamworks adds a lot of replayability!
game-hours: 82.0
review: An exellent game that takes the player through human history.
game-hours: 268.8
review: What can I say? You will spill days into this game without noticing. It's kinda like crack, but better. I would pay to play this game again if I had to. So what the hell are you waiting for? BUY IT! And make sure you have at least 6 hours of free time before you get on.
game-hours: 26.0
review: Take over Monaco with tanks as genghis khan, carpet bomb carthage as boudacia, the options in this game are dizzying and then theres the dlc, if you like your rts games detailed then this just might be the one for you. hours of your life flutter by like leaves on the wind of time (lol) playing this game, seriously though, be carefull, got a dead leg playing this game..........was on it for half a day id say,
game-hours: 237.0
review: This must be the best game I've ever bought. You decide you're going to play a "short" game, and like 6 hours later, you still want to play.More addicting than crack cocaine 20/10
game-hours: 206.2
review: Very good game. The only default: It's sooo addictive. It pushes us to lie to ourselves: One more turn and i'll stop--> The cake is a lie
game-hours: 135.7
review: Amazing Single player that draws you in every minute, allowing you to think quickly, and act fast so that you dont lose your precious kingdom. Not so amazing Multi-Player that by about turn 210 leaves you and your friends either arguing, insulting eachother or wondering why the hell you're not doing something else.
game-hours: 32.4
review: A really nice stratergy game, and can keep you engaged for hours on end
game-hours: 1566.9
review: HIghly addictive if you're into TBS games. Donot play if you have anythingelse to do
game-hours: 194.1
review: vry gud
game-hours: 83.7
review: This game is really amazing but i suggest you buy the DLC pack Brave New World it adds a lot more to the game and it makes it more enjoyable to play overall...
game-hours: 33.9
review: Keeps crashing and won't even let me start a new game. Worst purchase ever.
game-hours: 458.2
review: Great Game
game-hours: 10.3
review: Once... It was "just 5 more minutes and I'm waking up"..... And now... It became the ultimate "JUST 1 MORE TURN I'M NUKING UP"
game-hours: 219.6
review: Probably one of the most hands-on/user-friendly turn based strategies on the market.
game-hours: 126.9
review: Just a great game sort of like a dumbed down version of shogun and the total war series
game-hours: 95.7
review: What can you say, its the gold standard of its Genre.
game-hours: 1311.5
review: I love this game. I play it more than is healthy. In particular, the Brave New World expansion has added a whole new dimension to the gameplay. I wasn't as in love with the Gods and Kings expansion, but combined with Brave New World, it really works well.
game-hours: 261.0
review: fun, but buggy graphics wise. I have a lower end laptop. Tech support was less than helpful. Even so, I found the problem and enjoy the crap out of the game!
game-hours: 566.9
review: Quite possibly the best strategy (in both RTS and TBS) game I have ever played, and I've played a lot of those. This one takes the cake from under the noses of strategy game greats like Age of Empires, Age of Mythology, Starcraft, the Total War series, and of course, the previous games from the Civ series. If you buy this game, be sure to get the Gold Edition for the best experience!
game-hours: 91.4
review: Seriously, one of the only games that just keeps getting better.
game-hours: 225.0
review: One of the most detailed RTS games I have ever played. It goes beyond war tactics and goes into science, economy, and even diplomacy! But who am I kidding? I just wanna nuke Russia :P
game-hours: 556.3
review: This is probably the most fun and addicting game I've played yet. I would not recommend playing this when you need to do homework/study, or else this happens; -Paper due tomorrow, should probably start on it -Decide to play Civ for a while before starting paper -Next thing you know, it's 3 in the morning -Cry
game-hours: 678.7
review: Most time consuming game ever. The best in it's category.
game-hours: 63.6
review: great game
game-hours: 140.8
review: 11/10
game-hours: 30.1
review: World Domination Simulator 2010 100 Giant death robots out of 10 Giant death robots
game-hours: 30.5
review: dlc2win
game-hours: 35.5
review: This game is dangerous. You sit down to play for 2 hours after dinner, aaaaaand its 1AM. Loads of options for nations, strategies, best Civ yet.
game-hours: 216.7
review: Can your Civilization stand the test of time?
game-hours: 25.3
review: ABSOLUTELY AMAZING strongly recommend with all dlcs
game-hours: 116.0
review: Just over 100 hours in, and I finally finished my first turn. Pretty fun so far, I hope nobody tries to attack me. 3/2 would click again.
game-hours: 245.9
review: A streamlined modernisation of the Civilization formula made better by each subsequent expansion. By no means flawless but probably the best overall TBS out there.
game-hours: 11.0
review: Good Game, a little bit boring compared to Total War games. Its pretty much turn based and i found the xbox 360 version much more fun. Wait for the specials to come out and buy it then. If i compared this to Total war, i would chose total war. Graphics are not that amazing but its believable. My score would be 7/10. Total war score 9/10. Sim city 9/10.
game-hours: 54.8
review: I made democratic russia. 10/Marx
game-hours: 276.5
review: Just OMG i started playing this game because my friend was like really pumped about it and i was shocked at how amasing it is. Especcialy with the brave new world pack.
game-hours: 19.2
review: Its a good game if you dant have internet in a period.
game-hours: 107.2
review: I really recommend this game, its always fun to play a couple of hours, and rule the world
game-hours: 99.7
review: Best strategy game I've ever played. 10,000,000,000/10
game-hours: 41.9
review: Time SInk Simulator 2010. 10/10 Would stay home again.
game-hours: 53.3
review: It is a great turn-based strategy game. It is very challenging and rewarding when you win a game.
game-hours: 84.8
review: this is a great game and even better with the dlc
game-hours: 591.5
review: Civ 5 and Brave New Worlds is by far the best time sink available.
game-hours: 97.3
review: My favourit game to d8! Just got it and already I played for 8 hours! Probaly going to be playing this all summer!
game-hours: 119.7
review: A great way to spend a lot of time on a Strategy game. First time playing a Civ game and it was very easy for me to get into and understand after a few playthroughs. The achievements for this game definitely give me something to play for, as well. Highly recommend!
game-hours: 306.3
review: Best strategey game ever
game-hours: 2795.9
review: Like crack, but with 50% less potential to ruin your life.
game-hours: 48.2
review: Whew! After a few fun hours it's time to turn this off and go to bed. What's that? It's time to get up already!? Yeah. It happens. With all of its dlc, 50 hours is only scratching the surface. It's addicting, it's exciting, and it's challenging. Playing with friends in to the early morning is a common occurence as you to try to out-perform and out-maneuver your opponents. It's satisfying when you emerge victourious after an 8 hour game. (Let's ignore the disappointment of being defeated after 8 hours). This game is well worth your money as there are many hours of fun to be had. Also, the music is pretty darn good.
game-hours: 542.0
review: Dear gods, I'd like my life back.
game-hours: 15.5
review: Civilization 5 is a great stragergy game for beginners and pros with previous experiences in other Civ games not required. This game has a great singleplayer option but playing multiplayer with friends by far takes the cake. Grab this game when it is on sale for hours of fun.
game-hours: 164.3
review: This game is one of the best in the Civ series. 10 out of 10 and would do buisness again.
game-hours: 96.2
review: Sorta fun sometimes
game-hours: 76.9
review: Great game!
game-hours: 184.2
review: Best. Game. Ever.
game-hours: 70.5
review: Probably my favorite game to play at the moment. I love it even though I hardly ever decide to finish old games. Way more fun to start new ones!
game-hours: 203.7
review: This game gives me boners.
game-hours: 53.7
review: Never before has a video game made me feel actual emotions and form actual bonds with A.I. Civ 5 has made me say and do some of the most memorable things in my video gaming career. For example, I was in 2v2v2 match. My partner was Alexander the Great and was very resistant to go to war with ANYONE, even though China was station troops around his and my borders. However, I had had enough. So, I decided that I would remove the troops around my cities, while saying, and I quotee "Well, I'll twist his arm, then" This quote is one of the most vicious and malicious things I have every said in gaming. Yet, there are also happier moments. I was going for a Cultural or Diplomatic victory and noticed how literally EVERYONE I knew was suggesting defense pacts and Trade agreements and Technological Agreements and not a single one had any issue with me. The game sucks you in and ecapsulates you, until you feel like a great leader to a civilization.
game-hours: 69.5
review: BEST EVER
game-hours: 98.0
review: AMAZING GAME,any tactical mind will love.
game-hours: 22.6
review: did this for the thing
game-hours: 182.0
review: Love this game!
game-hours: 88.1
review: very addictive lost alot of time on this enjoy the early stages seaching the world and get new stuff can be annoying when u haveto get 25 citys to all bluid buildings
game-hours: 55.9
review: Love playing RTS games. It's not a surprise when I lose full days in this game.
game-hours: 459.6
review: This game is one of my favourites of all time. Having racked up plenty of game time, it's clear, from my point of view, that the game is addicting and will chew through hours and hours of your free time once you start playing. 10/10, would buy.
game-hours: 219.8
review: Fun game! I very much recommend this for casual and competative play. Just make sure you clear your schedule for the whole night. You can save your game and start again but time flies and ain't nobody got time for that.
game-hours: 110.6
review: Gandhi is an ...
game-hours: 44.2
review: this game is pretty good
game-hours: 30.4
review: Pro
game-hours: 112.4
review: One more turn turns into 40 more turns. Incredibly addicting
game-hours: 142.6
review: I've been playing the Civ franchise from the start, and this is another fine addition to the line.
game-hours: 12.6
review: Ghandi-Is-An- Simulator 2014. 11/10 would get nuked by Ghandi again.
game-hours: 91.7
review: I fell in love with this game the second I played it.
game-hours: 529.0
review: Best game I have ever played - would love to see a Civ VI, and there'd need to be some definite tweaks to this game firstly, trade glitch needs patching ASAP for sure. But besides that this is the best game in the world.
game-hours: 187.1
review: I'd tell you everything, but first let me have just one more turn...
game-hours: 10.8
review: ...!
game-hours: 310.7
review: Losing my life 1 turn at a time.
game-hours: 427.6
review: Great Game, but there are some features frome the last game I wish that they intergated into this one.
game-hours: 40.5
review: Great game, it's really easy to lose track of time when playing it. Nothing like world domination to get through the day.
game-hours: 169.9
review: [Verslaving intensifies]
game-hours: 352.6
review: Most fun I've had getting Nuked in a very long time!
game-hours: 205.7
review: this game along with all previous entries in the civilization franchise has a way of stealing large chunks of my life, and I don't really mind. :)
game-hours: 224.3
review: I've been a fan of this table game from the original release in 1991 through the upadtes and even Alpha Centauri. I must admit that V is my fav version so far. For strategy players its beautiful graphics are skin phenomenon (although welcome), but what I really like is the gameplay balance. Many things are more straight-to-the-point compared to the pervious releases, without losing depth. Civ V is addictive, immense fun and a great time burner. I can only recommend as well as packing cold food for one week with ya if you are fan of the turn-based strategies and new to this one.
game-hours: 148.4
review: If you area fan of any time of stratgey game weather it be real-time or turn by turn, Civ 5 and it expansions are a game to certianly pick up. Dont fall for the new reskin that they are putting out (Beyond Earth). Civ 5 will be around for a long time
game-hours: 231.6
review: Fantastic update to the Civ. franchise. I love the variety that the newly added civs bring to the table.
game-hours: 641.9
review: It really doesn't get any better or more polished than Civ5 11/10
game-hours: 72.2
review: This game is very addictive and very fun. Grab it when it goes on sale and say goodbye to your free time :D
game-hours: 535.8
review: With BNW, CiV has recovered from its unengaging start and demonstrates the spirit of the franchise: just one more turn...
game-hours: 619.8
review: Great game to start into the franchise even if you've never played previous installments. I would also recommend getting the expension as it fixes a lot of minor inconvenience from the main game. Pros - Interesting unique ability from each Civ - Smart different type of AI (conqueror' passifism' etc) - Each game is different from the last playthrought - More to come Con - Once you become too aggressive, there is no redeeming yourself - No defense against certain things (IE : Atomic weapon) - AI is smart, but single minded, they should change with time
game-hours: 174.3
review: Fantastic!
game-hours: 25.8
review: Totally awesome game. Great waste of time if you have it
game-hours: 415.5
review: is good
game-hours: 74.1
review: Amazing game. Great way to blow some steam and eat up hours upon hours. This game will suck you in and you won't be able to stop thinking about your game when you go away from your computer. Perfect for any turn-based stragety game lover.
game-hours: 94.7
review: Great game, a little hard to get going but when you have friends to play it with it is definitely fun
game-hours: 282.4
review: I definitely recommend this game. It is quite time consuming, but this isn't a problem, because with each turn the game gets more in depth, making the player want to continue playing. Plus, who doesn't want to take over the world and become the ultimate world leader. It is even better when you invite your friends to play.
game-hours: 21.6
review: Fun game to play if you have friends that are into strategy games, or just simple singleplayer with the dumb AI. The game mechanics are better than any other, and 0 bugs encountered so far. i rate this game: 3 meatballs out of 5 potatoes
game-hours: 266.1
review: Very good strategy game. Due to its versatility there is a very high risk of addiction!
game-hours: 332.3
review: Best Game EVER!
game-hours: 456.1
review: Civ 5 is a strong rendition to the amazing franchise. Along with the Brave New World and Gods and Kings expansion the expirence has unmatchable depth except form is its predecessors. The only thing thing the game lacks is the diplomatic options from CIV 4. (This is easily fixed with mods found in the steam workshop) all in all the game is worth every penny .
game-hours: 31.8
review: 10/10 would recommend.
game-hours: 78.8
review: Definitely a good game, unless you play as ghandi.
game-hours: 11.0
review: It might be confusing at the start but it gets really cool and it has HOURS and HOURS of gameplay.
game-hours: 8.9
review: I normally don't ever play games like this. In fact this is the first 4x Strategy game I've ever played. I am really enjoying it, this game is such a blast to play. This is definitely not a game for everyone but do give it a try. Download the demo, if you like I say pick it up. I bought it on the summer sale and am loving it to death.
game-hours: 200.0
review: spend your life on this game
game-hours: 322.6
review: I love this game. One of the best strategy games I have ever played
game-hours: 363.8
review: This game has stolen my life from me! 5/5 would buy again
game-hours: 219.6
review: I spend way too much time playing this.
game-hours: 31.8
review: From the first time my friend mentioned this game to me i thought it would be crap, so me and my friend did the steam sharing thingy and i tried it out and after half an our of gameplay i realized how fun the game was. some people might disaggre and think it is crap and i can accept that but for people who like strategy games (like me) i would highly recommend this game as it taked time to work out (as you see i have 26 hours of gametime). Overall i have to reccomend this game because i think that it is definitely not a waste of 22.00.
game-hours: 46.4
review: A must have for every fun of turn based games.
game-hours: 108.7
review: I'm so ing wet
game-hours: 206.7
review: This is one of the greatest games I have played in a few years. Vanilla Civ V is wonderful, and the DLC brings variety to the basic game, but Steam Workshop will allow you to play epic matchs without any risk of repeat fatigue. As of now, my play time is over 200 hours; you don't spend over a week on a bad game.
game-hours: 82.1
review: It has tiny people.
game-hours: 184.8
review: I find myself sinking hours into Civ 5 without realizing, arguably the greatest in its genre and my favorite strategy game. It has fun, intuitive game-play and (despite a lack luster combat system) a large sense of tension placed on your every move to achieve the final Victory!
game-hours: 94.6
review: 11/10
game-hours: 756.8
review: Sweet baby jesus do i love this game. If you into sinkin a couple of hours into plotting the downfall of other countries, this is the game for you!
game-hours: 1038.9
review: A great game that you can spend hours just playing through one match and end up getting rocked by another civilization. Watch out for Ghandi especially because he is a sneaky one. I would suggest at some point in time in trying out the game difficulty Diety because it is quite the challenge. I never played a Civ game until recently and have enjoyed everything about the game and expansions of the game. A casual strategy game that can get intense at any moment.
game-hours: 109.4
review: For the first time i can relate to why contrys still are mad at eachother after dacades, very good game. Both singel and multiplayer. Very addictive ones you start its prety possible you will be in for a 8h gaming sesion
game-hours: 30.7
review: If you like previous entires in the series, you'll likely enjoy this one as well. The fourth game still stands tall as my favorite, however Civ V is a pretty fun entry. Sometimes it feels like it could use a little more depth, and I'd like some advancement beyond the information age, but overall I'm quite happy with the game.
game-hours: 83.3
review: 911/911
game-hours: 236.9
review: It's lacking in features, completely imbalanced, fundamentally flawed and it punishes you if you don't fall into a routine. There's too many penalties for doing anything but making a big empire and trading with everyone. Some civilizations, including a certain DLC one, are completely overpowered while others have awful uniques that rely on random chance and, even then, all civilizations end up feeling the same except for a few whose gimmicks dictate that you must play them only one way. Routine is also a key point here, because that's what you'll usually fall into after the first 100 turns. A lot of buildings also feel like a complete waste and all of them usually take too long to build, which means that making money through trading is generally the best course of action. Speaking of which, there is virtually nothing stopping you from dotting the land with cities, which is also generally the best course of action cause of all the science and gold they provide. The only drawbacks are lower happiness, which is extremely easy to recover, and the fact that you can't build some wonders if the cities don't have it, which is where all the trade route money comes from. The AI is completely stupid, barbarians are more of an annoyance than a threat, doing anything other than trading will net you stern talkings from the AI (Sometimes, they hate you for just existing) and, if you want to have any kind of fun, you need both expansions to bandaid a severely misshapen and malformed game. And, in spite of all this, it still was one of the best games I've played this year. Goes to show what a wretched condition the gaymen industry's in. Hopefully they learned their lesson and Beyond Earth won't be so imbalanced.
game-hours: 40.5
review: Well... Over 18 hours into the game, and I barely have finished the tutorial and 1 game. Need I say more ? Alright. Apart from it's extensive playtime, the gameplay mechanics are excellent, the game is very easily modable (thanks to steam workshop, you can play campains on WWII, Lord of the Rings, Game of Thrones and so on), easy to set up as you want, a game can last (from what I've seen) between 10mn and 9+ hours, I'm sure this is even not a lot compared to what you can do. The mechanics are really easy to learn, but seem to be hard to master. And once you grow tired of being pwned by the computer, you can also get pwned by other players online ! That's wonderful. This game is truly a masterpiece, and should be in every Strategy fan library !
game-hours: 334.6
review: Woot WooT!
game-hours: 10.8
review: One of the best RTS games I ever played. At first i was like "meh , nothing special" and started to play. After palying for a while I looked at my watch. 2 hours passed. So yep , really addicting. But always remeber one thing : Never  up with Gandhi. NEVER. Final Mark : 9 / 10 - Fun and addicting.
game-hours: 355.8
review: One more turn...
game-hours: 202.7
review: Well you all know my satnce on this glorious game 11/10
game-hours: 83.8
review: This game is pretty awesome. I would describe it as Age of Empires if it were a board game. I enjoy the addition of the religion element in the Gods and Kings edition. I've only played to the end once so I don't really know how you win.
game-hours: 316.2
review: One of the single most addictive games you will ever play. And, with all the different civs, victory conditions, and possible playsyles, it never gets stale.
game-hours: 9.4
review: was fun when i played it two years ago. today is my first time on since
game-hours: 437.2
review: Murder millions over a your mom joke!
game-hours: 201.4
review: Fun, but you need Brave New World for it to be great.
game-hours: 137.9
review: Sweet game, plaed the hell out of it
game-hours: 159.6
review: Highly polished 4X turn based strategy. Highly recommended.
game-hours: 159.1
review: greaaaattt gameeee
game-hours: 44.1
review: !  .
game-hours: 710.5
review: Easily one of the games that I can play forever~
game-hours: 217.3
review: Fun game.
game-hours: 98.3
review: Civ is never a bore, one of my top 3 games for sure!
game-hours: 292.2
review: Every new game is a whole new story. New strategies are needed for each new game and the game always has you planning out your next moves in advance. You can spend endless hours without knowing it and without getting bored.
game-hours: 26.8
review: Enjoy hours and hours of fun with Sid Meier's Civilization V it is a must play as one of the best strategy simulation games out there! Choose who you lead with as you build your empire and lead your civilization to victory!
game-hours: 445.5
review: Another turn please Need to finish that Wonder Filing for divorce
game-hours: 121.4
review: Ever wanted to waste a week of your life without knowing that you did? Here is your answer.
game-hours: 496.9
review: Awesome game, definitly worth the price! Make sure to grab Brave New World DLC to get the most out of the game
game-hours: 2669.3
review: One of my most favorite games. Easy to get into and fun to past the time with.
game-hours: 474.4
review: Awesome game! So many variations of game styles allow for a new experience each time
game-hours: 496.5
review: Excellent Game. Totally recommended.
game-hours: 153.2
review: One of the best 4X games I have ever played.
game-hours: 234.8
review: Especially with the two expansion packs "Gods & Kings" and "Brave New World", this latest rendition in the Civilization game series is one of the most immersive and fun turn-based strategy games out there. Highly recommendable!
game-hours: 237.8
review: Just Awesome
game-hours: 220.9
review: Great game, much nukes
game-hours: 756.8
review: Sweet baby jesus do i love this game. If you into sinkin a couple of hours into plotting the downfall of other countries, this is the game for you!
game-hours: 1038.9
review: A great game that you can spend hours just playing through one match and end up getting rocked by another civilization. Watch out for Ghandi especially because he is a sneaky one. I would suggest at some point in time in trying out the game difficulty Diety because it is quite the challenge. I never played a Civ game until recently and have enjoyed everything about the game and expansions of the game. A casual strategy game that can get intense at any moment.
game-hours: 109.4
review: For the first time i can relate to why contrys still are mad at eachother after dacades, very good game. Both singel and multiplayer. Very addictive ones you start its prety possible you will be in for a 8h gaming sesion
game-hours: 30.7
review: If you like previous entires in the series, you'll likely enjoy this one as well. The fourth game still stands tall as my favorite, however Civ V is a pretty fun entry. Sometimes it feels like it could use a little more depth, and I'd like some advancement beyond the information age, but overall I'm quite happy with the game.
game-hours: 83.3
review: 911/911
game-hours: 236.9
review: It's lacking in features, completely imbalanced, fundamentally flawed and it punishes you if you don't fall into a routine. There's too many penalties for doing anything but making a big empire and trading with everyone. Some civilizations, including a certain DLC one, are completely overpowered while others have awful uniques that rely on random chance and, even then, all civilizations end up feeling the same except for a few whose gimmicks dictate that you must play them only one way. Routine is also a key point here, because that's what you'll usually fall into after the first 100 turns. A lot of buildings also feel like a complete waste and all of them usually take too long to build, which means that making money through trading is generally the best course of action. Speaking of which, there is virtually nothing stopping you from dotting the land with cities, which is also generally the best course of action cause of all the science and gold they provide. The only drawbacks are lower happiness, which is extremely easy to recover, and the fact that you can't build some wonders if the cities don't have it, which is where all the trade route money comes from. The AI is completely stupid, barbarians are more of an annoyance than a threat, doing anything other than trading will net you stern talkings from the AI (Sometimes, they hate you for just existing) and, if you want to have any kind of fun, you need both expansions to bandaid a severely misshapen and malformed game. And, in spite of all this, it still was one of the best games I've played this year. Goes to show what a wretched condition the gaymen industry's in. Hopefully they learned their lesson and Beyond Earth won't be so imbalanced.
game-hours: 40.5
review: Well... Over 18 hours into the game, and I barely have finished the tutorial and 1 game. Need I say more ? Alright. Apart from it's extensive playtime, the gameplay mechanics are excellent, the game is very easily modable (thanks to steam workshop, you can play campains on WWII, Lord of the Rings, Game of Thrones and so on), easy to set up as you want, a game can last (from what I've seen) between 10mn and 9+ hours, I'm sure this is even not a lot compared to what you can do. The mechanics are really easy to learn, but seem to be hard to master. And once you grow tired of being pwned by the computer, you can also get pwned by other players online ! That's wonderful. This game is truly a masterpiece, and should be in every Strategy fan library !
game-hours: 334.6
review: Woot WooT!
game-hours: 10.8
review: One of the best RTS games I ever played. At first i was like "meh , nothing special" and started to play. After palying for a while I looked at my watch. 2 hours passed. So yep , really addicting. But always remeber one thing : Never  up with Gandhi. NEVER. Final Mark : 9 / 10 - Fun and addicting.
game-hours: 355.8
review: One more turn...
game-hours: 238.6
review: Absolutely Fantastic. Solid gameplay, with addictive details that will keep you playing for hours, days even. Not that you didn't already know. Seriously, this is a Civ game, of course it's awesome.
game-hours: 77.1
review: one of the single most addictive games I think I've ever played. Each single campaign takes HOURS to get through, even on the fast setting! Tense multiplayer,countless approaches to winning and this only gets better with each DLC added to the game. Cannot wait for the new Civ announced at E3! Short summary: Epic.
game-hours: 65.2
review: It may take a long time to play, but it's one of the most satisfying things in gaming to conquer the world force.
game-hours: 82.1
review: Game is not for the impatient. If you like statergy it is the game for you.
game-hours: 33.2
review: Addicting and great fun. If you like the idea of a computerized version of an advanced turn-based strategy board game, you're going to like this one. Don't play this alone, either get some friends or play online. There are mods too! I haven't played the other Civ games, so I'm by no means an expert, getting into the game wasn't too hard and once you did you feel it's very difficult to stop. I'm surprised I've played it as little as I have, perhaps because each game takes on the standard speed settings takes forever to complete. Lategame you're going to have to manage a bunch of cities and select a ton of options and move units around all the time, it's a big help if you learn hotkeys and how to que orders to units (which should be in the tutorial). If you want something fast-paced play an RTS instead. This one's pretty casual and a great way to relax and forget everything around you, including time. What the game is about is basically gathering resources, and making decisions as to how to develop your, well, civilization of course! You can choose a more diplomatic route, or you can be an agressive Napoleon wannabe. Not only do your cities grow, the people learn religions, construct wonders that grant perks, but they also develop new technologies! It's one of those games where you can have bows and arrows fight tanks..! Very interesting. What this game does really well is optimize everything to not make it a chore to do everything you need in a turn. Most things such as construction and reasearch takes plenty of turns, so it's not something you are forced to do all to often. The game will let you know when it's time for a new choice. Your advisors will give you tips as to what you need, like in Sim City.
game-hours: 333.4
review: Just one more turn!
game-hours: 75.6
review: Totally worth it. When it's 6am and you've yet to sleep its because of this game.
game-hours: 1401.4
review: This game has so much replayablility. Randomly genrated maps makes every new game a diffrent experience. Man dose the time fly when you play this game too. That just one more turn gose from one to, well just 3 more, then well i only need 7 more turns to finish this building/wounder, or take that city, then the next thing you know 2+ hours have just passed your still sitting their going just one more turn.... The AI in this game is also great in my opinion the hate or angry that one civilzation caused you can easily transfer over into the next game. Or even having something that the AI did in the begining of the game (such as founding a city well within your territory, or taking that barbarin encampment that you spent time/troops trying to clear, or even just taking a ruin that you were about to grab) cause you to just carry that hate well into that late game or even play the game just so you can kill/destory that civilation. Over all this is one of the best games I've ever played.
game-hours: 9.4
review: Colour or wait
game-hours: 391.9
review: I know a lot of people compared Civ V unfavorably to Civ IV when Civ V first came out. As a long (and I do mean LONG) time player of Sid Meier Civilization games, I never understood that as I had a completely different impression. To me this is one of the best Civ games since Civ II and Alpha Centauri. It was a return to some of the basics that made the game great with a number of tweaks (hexogonal grid, no unit stacking) that I feel improve it. Add in the additional options in the wonderful expansions and you have, in my opinion, an all-time classic. I recommend this for everyone.
game-hours: 710.5
review: Easily one of the games that I can play forever~
game-hours: 217.3
review: Fun game.
game-hours: 98.3
review: Civ is never a bore, one of my top 3 games for sure!
game-hours: 292.2
review: Every new game is a whole new story. New strategies are needed for each new game and the game always has you planning out your next moves in advance. You can spend endless hours without knowing it and without getting bored.
game-hours: 26.8
review: Enjoy hours and hours of fun with Sid Meier's Civilization V it is a must play as one of the best strategy simulation games out there! Choose who you lead with as you build your empire and lead your civilization to victory!
game-hours: 445.5
review: Another turn please Need to finish that Wonder Filing for divorce
game-hours: 121.4
review: Ever wanted to waste a week of your life without knowing that you did? Here is your answer.
game-hours: 496.9
review: Awesome game, definitly worth the price! Make sure to grab Brave New World DLC to get the most out of the game
game-hours: 2669.3
review: One of my most favorite games. Easy to get into and fun to past the time with.
game-hours: 474.4
review: Awesome game! So many variations of game styles allow for a new experience each time
game-hours: 758.7
review: Beware! You will lose all sense of time and waste many hours. 8/10 hours wasted, would recommend
game-hours: 396.3
review: Worth it!!
game-hours: 223.5
review: Amazing game with tons of content , literally thousands of hours. Only problem with the game is the erradic AI. Diplomacy in the game is essentially useless and a buggy multiplayer. 9.8/10
game-hours: 233.1
review: Civilization V is a great rts with many historical figures to play and dive into with their individual abilities, and in depth gameplay mechanics.
game-hours: 148.8
review: If you were a fan of any previous Civ's, this is a game for you. With all the DLC and mods, you are able to shape this game to fit your needs. Great game. 10/10.
game-hours: 90.2
review: i nuked india 10/10
game-hours: 25.7
review: Great if you EVER hate certain countrys or nationalities. Build up what you need then turn their "Great Cites" in to nuclear wastelands. And as a bonus you can play as Ghandi...and then destroy the world.
game-hours: 403.2
review: A great game with many elements and suprises, if your a history buff or just enjoy a great turn based strategy this is a great game. 10/10
game-hours: 258.2
review: Firstly, I absolutely LOVE this game. I also know many others do to, as this is one of the most played games on Steam. One might be surprised at how fun and hilarious it is to rewrite history in a plethora of different ways. I've had tons of fun in single player, but adding another person or people into the mix multiplies the fun. I ever so highly recommend this game, especially since the complete edition ends up saving you $100!
game-hours: 50.0
review: I think this game has infinite replay value. There are so many days where I have just played atarting in the morning and I check the clock and it is dark out. It sucks you in, it's challenging, and it is lots of fun!
game-hours: 783.1
review: One of the most time killers you will find. it might not seem fun but 8 hours later and you thought it was only 2!
game-hours: 132.9
review: When one more turn actully becomes 200.... You know you have a good game.
game-hours: 130.7
review: How is it 4am already?
game-hours: 7153.8
review: Very addictive. There are a number fo thigns that might bother a Civ 4 player, some which still bother me. But after getting all the DLCs you will find yourself quire entrapped.
game-hours: 553.8
review: I've logged over 300 hours. I think that says enough.
game-hours: 16.1
review: Awesome game. better that i can play on my Linux box!!
game-hours: 360.6
review: Highly recommend to any fan of strategy games.
game-hours: 380.9
review: The popularity and longetivity of the Civilization series kinda speaks for itself, but Civ V once again raises the bar for the 4x strategy games genre. The level of customization, of choices given for different kind of experiences makes it the one game I replayed the most. There are many difficulty levels which, at higher levels, give you very challenging game where you need to be a master at geopolitical control and making the best out of all little advantages you got while compensating for your disadvantages. There are many concepts, old and new, that can help you build your Civilizations. Religion, cultural policies, tourism, happiness, diplomatic relations, trade, sciences, ideologies ... the combinations are almost endless. Once again, a Civ game I have played (too?) much of !
game-hours: 417.0
review: Very good game, really recomend. I love how you can see units fighting.
game-hours: 153.0
review: Much game. Such strategy
game-hours: 1303.7
review: If you are a fan of history, you'll love playing this game. Not only is it strategically fun, but you also can learn historical facts about cultures, people, leaders and natural wonders.
game-hours: 199.0
review: This game is addicting and amazing!!
game-hours: 157.2
review: In all honesty, this game can best be described as "One. More. Turn." I've literally fired up Civ V at 2 am because I couldn't sleep and accidentally played until 6 am before. That's how addicting it is. Try it once, get addicted forever.
game-hours: 344.1
review: its fun. you do some stuff.
game-hours: 163.2
review: Great Game!!!!
game-hours: 40.0
review: uber duber Ghandi nuculear fun!
game-hours: 93.2
review: Good Game :3
game-hours: 187.8
review: Feels like I've spent years playing this game and still haven't used half the available Civs. Not to mention I've barely touched the scenarios. Definitely a time sink with high replayability.
game-hours: 8.4
review: I love this game so much fun
game-hours: 76.8
review: Nice.
game-hours: 799.4
review: Addictive!
game-hours: 25.9
review: I've lost time playing this.
game-hours: 57.8
review: Great game, can burn hours of fun into it. Prefer it to all four previous Civ games
game-hours: 41.8
review: Ah yes Civ V this game is in a league of it's own when it comes to RTS (Real-time strategy) games. I could say a lot about this game but lets start with the basics. This game is pretty much about keeping your country growing, alive and, winning. That being said in a game session which you customize to your liking there are multiple countries all with their own unique abilities. These countries must fight each other to survive and help each other just as well. At the end of a game session, which can last forever irl, one country stands above all others. Now there are so many different ways to win I couldn't even name them all but to note a few you can win by, Science, Culture, Destroying everyone elses countries. With so many different ways to win you think it would be easy to do so. This game can be very challenging especially to someone who isn't used to RTS games. With so many different ways to win there come many different ways to lose as well. I recommend this game to RTS lovers and people who don't mind games that last a very very long time.
game-hours: 29.4
review: Excellent game, especially when playing with friends. Easy to get lost and spend hours and hours in this game, very addictive.
game-hours: 402.9
review: Simply amazing
game-hours: 68.7
review: Best TBS NA
game-hours: 72.4
review: great game
game-hours: 25.1
review: Great multiplayer game, has a few bugs though but the game itself is pretty good 8/10
game-hours: 92.9
review: Pick up the gold edition- easily worth the purchase price. I have played 65+ hours of this game so far, picked up the gold edition for around $18 during a steam sale. While the base game had some problems in the late game, all of the later expansions fixed all of the pacing problems the game has had(especially Brave New World-definitely worth getting by itself if you can't divvy up the dough for the gold edition). So far, I have played as America, Japan, and Venice, each Civ feeling different(America-expansionist specialist, Japan-Military dominant, Venice-Strong city state and economic gains), however the gameplay is relatively the same throughout. Not to say this is a con! The 'one more turn' mentality is certainly strong here with even standard games giving me multiple hours of gameplay, and epic campaigns giving me days of playing time. On sale often, so bear that in mind if you decide to pick it up.
game-hours: 489.1
review: Amazing.
game-hours: 1160.6
review: Great strategy game. A classic and still the best.
game-hours: 135.7
review: I like this game, but they need to fix teh problem where if you are playing online with friend, and you leave then join again the its says "please wait". This is extremly ennoying speaking I played 8 hours for nothing. Dear Sid Meier, Fix this damn problem.
game-hours: 255.6
review: Very Very good game
game-hours: 657.9
review: Just one more turn then go to bed....5 hours later...sh*t
game-hours: 225.8
review: The finest strategy game series of all time. This version introduced new concepts (hex tiles - no stacking) and in the process added a new layer of strategy. 10/10
game-hours: 19.2
review: It is a lot of fun mannnnn
game-hours: 1251.7
review: It took a long time to come off of Civ IV but eventually Civ V beat me down and became my new drug.
game-hours: 704.2
review: This is probably a drop in the bucket as far as review for Civilization V go, but all the good reviews don't lie. This is really a "just one more turn" game.
game-hours: 960.3
review: LOVE IT!
game-hours: 45.5
review: This is the single most infuriating game I think I've ever played. It takes forever to accomplish anything, and trying to win in nearly impossible. That being said, the game is entirely too addicting, and once I start playing I can't bring myself to stop. I greatly reccomend this game, and think it could be enjoyable for anyone, despite their usual game genre.
game-hours: 50.4
review: The easiest Civ to get into and understand, it'll suck the hours right out of you. A must-buy game!
game-hours: 325.3
review: cool
game-hours: 30.9
review: Great Game
game-hours: 115.8
review: This is a really fun strategy game
game-hours: 161.8
review: Good stuff. Hours of fun. Takes patience.
game-hours: 136.2
review: This game is quite fun and is always a good place to spend free time. 10/10 would buy again.
game-hours: 383.3
review: Wonderful game, better than Civ 4 in all ways, great mechanics although you need to buy Gold(Deluxe eddition) for Gods and Kings (the expansion pack) other wise the game is a little buggy and bad, any way great game all round!
game-hours: 339.2
review: An amazing game if you are into strategy. My love for this game is mainly because you get to build a civilization from the times of cave men to the times that have yet to be seen. During this time you do not only build your empire but you see the technology that society has discovered and the world views that the world has lived by. 10/10 - IGN
game-hours: 131.2
review: incredible, i wish i had gotten it sooner
game-hours: 564.1
review: I bought this game just because I liked the thought of politically molesting my friends who were playing it online at the time. I have now logged coming up to 600 hours in game. The variety of tactics using different civilizations in their most effective ways is a surefire way to keep the game fresh, especially when installing the mods from the workshop. Whether its a complete reskin or a civ that holds meaning to you you always find time just leaves.
game-hours: 19.4
review: Wait!.... Just.... One... More.... Turn...
game-hours: 493.0
review: Great game
game-hours: 282.9
review: Awesome game. Can't seem to stop playing it.
game-hours: 329.4
review: It's a funny game
game-hours: 141.7
review: Highly addictive. There is no such thing as "just one more turn"...
game-hours: 374.6
review: One of the best strategy games iv'e played!
game-hours: 142.1
review: Great game, endless replayablity
game-hours: 399.4
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 135.9
review: Just one more turn...
game-hours: 438.1
review: I got this game as a gift originally and I love it. But there is something bad I have to say. You will lose track of time.
game-hours: 177.4
review: Good fun with Friends but gets alittle boring solo after awhile.
game-hours: 17.1
review: Best game in history
game-hours: 498.1
review: Another classic Civilization adventure!
game-hours: 368.7
review: The most magestic game I have ever played. 101/100
game-hours: 5.7
review: Excellent game to pass the time. Takes great strategical skill for the harder difficulties. Choice game.
game-hours: 58.1
review: Once you start playing, it becomes addicting.
game-hours: 81.8
review: Great game, just be prepared to commit a lot of time.
game-hours: 128.8
review: I have been a Civ fanatic since the dawn of Civilization (pun intended). I held off on getting Civ V due to all the negative reviews and comments about it. I'm really sorry that I did. Civ V has to be the greatest of all Civ games to date! Games go much faster than in previous versions, are more challenging, and present so many more variables to allow for greater replay value. If you haven't gotten Civ V yet do yourself a favor and do so (GOTY is the best bang for your buck!)...and be sure to pick up the newest Expansion too!
game-hours: 236.9
review: You can tell developers poured their heart and soul into this game to make an extremely addicting and REPLAYABLE experience. 11/10
game-hours: 9.9
review: games last legit 6 hours. wtf was sid meier thinking?! what an idiot
game-hours: 63.8
review: Gandhi took my worker so i waited 6000 years and nuked him. 10/10
game-hours: 62.9
review: Beware of Ghandi...that is all
game-hours: 57.7
review: Welcome to a Brave New World!
game-hours: 403.7
review: I need to have a clock visible at all times when playing this game so I don't play for 16 hours straight.
game-hours: 237.2
review: This game is great,
game-hours: 97.1
review: My life was getting boring just wax on and wax off every day...and then I found Civilization V and my life changed forever. I can now crush the great warlord Gandhi and bring justice to the people of the world. I now teach wax on and wax off to my mighty army and they are now an unstopable force of karate masters capable of vanquishing any foe that would happen to stand in it's way. This game is everything that I need but I just need one...more...turn!
game-hours: 180.5
review: One of the all time best strategy games I've ever played
game-hours: 984.4
review: great and addicting game
game-hours: 123.7
review: it is a really good startgyeshjfaoiahg game
game-hours: 161.8
review: Good stuff. Hours of fun. Takes patience.
game-hours: 136.2
review: This game is quite fun and is always a good place to spend free time. 10/10 would buy again.
game-hours: 383.3
review: Wonderful game, better than Civ 4 in all ways, great mechanics although you need to buy Gold(Deluxe eddition) for Gods and Kings (the expansion pack) other wise the game is a little buggy and bad, any way great game all round!
game-hours: 339.2
review: An amazing game if you are into strategy. My love for this game is mainly because you get to build a civilization from the times of cave men to the times that have yet to be seen. During this time you do not only build your empire but you see the technology that society has discovered and the world views that the world has lived by. 10/10 - IGN
game-hours: 131.2
review: incredible, i wish i had gotten it sooner
game-hours: 564.1
review: I bought this game just because I liked the thought of politically molesting my friends who were playing it online at the time. I have now logged coming up to 600 hours in game. The variety of tactics using different civilizations in their most effective ways is a surefire way to keep the game fresh, especially when installing the mods from the workshop. Whether its a complete reskin or a civ that holds meaning to you you always find time just leaves.
game-hours: 19.4
review: Wait!.... Just.... One... More.... Turn...
game-hours: 493.0
review: Great game
game-hours: 282.9
review: Awesome game. Can't seem to stop playing it.
game-hours: 329.4
review: It's a funny game
game-hours: 279.1
review: This game devours your life hours at a time. Let it not be said that history is not entertaining.
game-hours: 74.5
review: One more turn
game-hours: 253.0
review: Its great
game-hours: 21.1
review: Play this game before bed if you want to get ed over, 8/10
game-hours: 19.2
review: Very enjoyable turn based strategy game that, in my opinion, is extremely addicting. You can find yourself logging hours upon hours if you are not careful. Solid all around with interesting AI as well; not very predictable, at least in my experience. Definitely a must-have, especially if you are a fan of the Civ titles.
game-hours: 62.1
review: If you let it, the game can eat up an entire day, and you will love it as it does so.
game-hours: 725.6
review: amazing game for strategy.
game-hours: 485.4
review: The Best way to learn history, politics, geography having fun.
game-hours: 156.0
review: Made some workers. 10/10
game-hours: 206.7
review: The best Civilization game of all, once it got Gods and Kings and Brave New World. SCORE 95/100. I have played it extensively and will play it again. It is a fabulous and deep game with so many gameplay styles that are viable. I love minor things like no more need transport ships and one unit per tile. The hex tiles are great as well and added a much-needed upgrade in the tactics. One of my 10 favorite game series ever, and the best one of the bunch. I cannot recommend it more.
game-hours: 180.1
review: finally I think it works as a civ game
game-hours: 176.6
review: Very fun, well thought out 4x strategy
game-hours: 28.3
review: what can you say that hasnt been said? im not funny enough for a one liner review...every iteration of civ is better. love the new non stackable units. much more strategic and puts emphasis on each individual unit. smooth graphics, fun mods, better luxury management. AAA title for a reason.
game-hours: 14.6
review: Don't mess with Ghandi
game-hours: 118.5
review: just one more turn...
game-hours: 150.6
review: By far my favorite game I own.
game-hours: 123.2
review: ,  !
game-hours: 1079.2
review: One of my favorite games, only gets better with Gods and Kings and BNW
game-hours: 161.6
review: One of the most enjoyable pointless spergy things on the planet. I endorse and utterly don't endorse this.
game-hours: 49.8
review: Great Game 10/10
game-hours: 104.9
review: - An unbelievably addictive game. - Good graphics and gameplay. - Can be exceedingly tough at higher difficulty levels.
game-hours: 251.2
review: This is by far one of the best games I've ever played. I used to have no life, but the... I found Civ 5. Once I found out that I could crushed my enemies with a single press of a button and rule the entire world, I knew it was going to be worth every penny of the 49.99 dollars I spent. I've put in about 75 hours of the game, and I've just barely started 9.5/10
game-hours: 68.2
review: Beware Gahndi; he is NOT a pacifist!
game-hours: 160.1
review: 5 more minutes= 5 hours
game-hours: 118.8
review: A decent turn based strategy in the Civ Series. Unfortunately not as good as Alpha Centauri or Civlization 4, but the combat system was pretty enjoyable. I did not like the loss of a lot of detail in many of the other systems in the game. Also the lack of ability to stack workers can be a huge pita.
game-hours: 309.7
review: Graphics = Good Soundtrack = Good Gameplay = Good Gandhi = Bad
game-hours: 26.4
review: Biggest time sink ever. 10/10 would waste time again
game-hours: 245.8
review: Before I played Civ 5 I thought the series sounded confusing and boring... 150+ hours of game play later I realize that I love Sid "God Damn" Meier.
game-hours: 24.6
review: Sid Meier continues to release a game that consumes your life, in the best way.
game-hours: 29.9
review: Amazing. So much time. Pls I almost won, just one more turn...
game-hours: 413.4
review: Was very apprehensive about getting into such a deep game. Not complicated and an amazing amount of fun though. A.I. is diverse and I will hurt Spain if they don't stop warmongring!
game-hours: 191.6
review: Great game. But too less disaster events.
game-hours: 24.7
review: One of the mst fun RTS' I've played in a long time.
game-hours: 71.8
review: Love this game. If you like the other civilization game you like love this. The gameplay is pretty mush the same but just better especially the game now have hexagons indstead of squares makes such a difference. And lots of nice mods.
game-hours: 260.9
review: Hugely addictive. Seriously strategic. Power-mongering. EPIC. Gear up and put your big-boy pants on; this is the thinking man's (and woman's) war game. Beautifully rendered graphics, intelligent AI and well thought out civilizations. This game has so much depth and variety; every game is different. You can also adjust the difficulty of each game, great for beginners, which lets you work your way through the miriad of strategies available to each cvilization you take out to play with. Warning: Don't attempt to play this game before going to bed.
game-hours: 1258.2
review: Awesome game.
game-hours: 83.1
review: This game is very fun and can be played in many different ways and almost everything is customasable, so it is a very good game too play with friends.
game-hours: 278.2
review: Civ V, as it is called, is definitely one of the best strategy games out there. It is perfect for both newcomers to the genres of Strategy and Turned-Based games, and experienced players as well. There is not an intimidating learning curve, and there are plenty of mods and DLC adding new nations, and other little goodies. The DLC's also bring a unique bit with the addition of tourism and religion. The game can be a bit of a challenge, especially on higher difficulties or on certain missions, or "scenarios" as the game refers to them as. The game is also barely taxing on a computer system and runs fine with nice graphics and a friendly interface, with very minimal bugs and mistakes. From tribals hiding in a tiny village, to building a mega empire spanning the world, this game is sure to be fun for anyone who is a fan of, or looking to get in to, strategy games. 10/10
game-hours: 51.6
review: Played with 2 friends. Started at 8, got 1/3rd through the game by 1 am. Super fun. Also betrayals from one of them, currently plan to end his regiem.
game-hours: 29.5
review: Always loved turn based strategies, and there are just few of those out there. but Civilization is one of the Best and Civilization V with all DLC and expansions just "kicks " and its really addictive. So i really recommend this game. :)
game-hours: 117.7
review: go buy this gam its good
game-hours: 98.0
review: Great game to play alone or with friends. Steam workshop is always adding new things to the mix as well and the dlc's mix up the gameplay
game-hours: 38.3
review: Is Good. Ghandi Is the Bomb.
game-hours: 22.8
review: just...one...more...turn... ... ... what?!? it's already been 2 days?
game-hours: 15.1
review: One of the best TBS games i've ever played
game-hours: 325.1
review: I have to say amazing Game! Bought it 2 weeks ago and I love it, SIngleplayer gets boring if you play it too long after eachother but the next day you are looking forward to it again, I love the scenarios and Multiplayer with freinds is great Fun!
game-hours: 204.2
review: Everytime an expansion/content/mod come out, i have to consider divorce from my wife ( or better saying, SHE consider it :P ) This game is the only game that can be add to addicting drugs list. Really can't stop play, a turn after another. Problaby the only game (after Civ IV) that i will play forever and ever.
game-hours: 172.5
review: A really good game to kill time with.. You sit there and say to yourself: "Just one more turn..!", and BANG!, you have played for one more hour instead!
game-hours: 40.8
review: Honestly one of the most addicting games ever!! Dont play this before bed, or you will be up all night!!
game-hours: 238.0
review: A great game.
game-hours: 238.0
review: A great game.
game-hours: 585.1
review: Epic. Brave New World Add on is also epic.
game-hours: 149.4
review: Incredibly fun, BUY NOW
game-hours: 137.3
review: WARNING: Only play this game when you have run out of series to watch. When there are no more movies on your wishlist. When you've played every game in your library. Be sure to set multiple alarms at 3 hour intervals. For when you start this game, 12 hours will pass without you noticing. You will completely miss the sunset. And sunrise. And wonder why you're hungry again, seeing as you just ate a large pizza. When in fact that was about 9 hrs ago. If you don't mind the loss of time. And love building your own empires, this might just be the game for you.
game-hours: 116.2
review: With G&K, this is an incredibly fun game. Founding and spreading religions, spying, and conquering has really improved from the last games.
game-hours: 1.7
review: time machine
game-hours: 162.0
review: Great turn based strategy game and interesting changes to this series of game.
game-hours: 160.6
review: i played this game for hours!!! one of the best 4k games i have ever played + it is one of the best strategy games! i recommend it to everyone
game-hours: 402.9
review: Civilization 5 was the first Sid Meier's game I ever played, I don't know what to expect. I have loved every minute of Civ5, It's one of the the few games I can lose so very very badly and with a grin start again only to get nuked off the face of the planet by Gandhi. I didn't see Gandhi coming like at all. WE WERE SO COOL WITH EACH OTHER THEN BOOM NUKES EVERYWHERE THE HORROR. Still have nightmares about it 20/10 everyone join the madness :D
game-hours: 67.0
review: Thank you for linux version! Very nice game. GJ!
game-hours: 268.3
review: A must have classic! :)
game-hours: 210.4
review: Fun Addictive Time Sink. Can lose hours without realising. The addition of the workshop really adds to the variety. Up there with 2 & 4 as the best of the series.
game-hours: 1031.2
review: Absolutely the best game ever
game-hours: 77.7
review: I love this game. So happy I got it!
game-hours: 107.1
review: Nice! But beware: Very time-consuming!
game-hours: 1207.3
review: The best game on steam, by far. A classic not to be missed.
game-hours: 613.0
review: Don't need to say much. If you don't know about Civ 5 then i can't help you. Buy it, and say goodbye to friends, Facebook, your goldfish....
game-hours: 1719.7
review: Highly addictive, highly rewarding gameplay. It's one of the first 4X game I've played and the 4K game that's convinced me to try to branch out into others. You'll play for hours before you've realized how long you've been playing, and you keep playing after that. It's that crazy. It also has a ton of mods out for customizing and changing up your experience. 100% recommended.
game-hours: 341.4
review: This is one of the most addicting and enjoyable games I've ever played. Very excited for beyond earth to be released later this year.
game-hours: 23.5
review: 11/10 my weekend disappeared
game-hours: 23.2
review: Try this game for a few hours and you fall in love with it.
game-hours: 74.1
review: I highly recommend this game, so good.
game-hours: 182.1
review: Civ V is a unike game. i have played this game alot because it brings a lot of old memories back from age of empires. just with a few friend you can get more than 30 hours of fun easely. you can make the game hard or easy because the AI's are just soo good! :D
game-hours: 549.5
review: One of my top 3 fave PC games...period
game-hours: 1505.5
review: This is an amazing game that can occupy HOURS of your life an you wont even regret it
game-hours: 44.3
review: Too many hours. Too many.
game-hours: 76.7
review: Awesome game, long time playing... Nothing else to say ! Go play it, you 4X player !
game-hours: 151.1
review: Just one more turn...
game-hours: 279.9
review: Love this game
game-hours: 72.0
review: An amzing game and such a time sink!
game-hours: 485.2
review: Buy Game. Play Game. Die happy.
game-hours: 26.4
review: One of the biggest games I ever play, and if you like the strategy, you will enjoy every moment of the game
game-hours: 592.8
review: Japanese capability of civ5 is carried out as standard.
game-hours: 46.2
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 194.5
review: This game will ruin your damn life and you won't even care. Great for people new to the series; everything's explained very well, and it's easy to pick up.
game-hours: 108.9
review: Anyone wanting a tactical and sometimes unpredictable game will be satisfied with jjust playing the game. Anyone wanting dificulty will be satisfied with the harder modes and the same for anyone wanting an easy game. Highly recommended to buy.
game-hours: 121.0
review: As always, Civilization is fantastic. I personally enjoy Civ V over IV. The hex system and military unit changes were a fantastic edition. Movement and combat requires a little more thought now than the blob of death from IV. The game is beautiful, runs well, has wonderful music, and with the workshop, adding mods is even easier now.
game-hours: 295.3
review: Goniloc Ripal is a clown
game-hours: 115.8
review: no matter what go against syco and knightspite and you win
game-hours: 542.0
review: 10/10 would waste weekend again
game-hours: 542.2
review: Another great Civ game from Firaxis, sure to keep you busy for years to come. Some good improvements over Civ 4 while remaining faithful to core Civ mechanics.
game-hours: 522.2
review: Just... one... more... turn....
game-hours: 41.3
review: I've never been to turn based RTS, but this... This is a whole new level of RTS. I played Civ III for a short time, than lost several years with IV and now I'm loosing my precious free time even more. I'm also looking forward to Beyond Earth, but it won't have the classical touch. Great game! PS: Never trust Ghandi, he is... just don't.
game-hours: 341.2
review: Absolutely amazing game. Love it. You do need to buy at least Gods and Kings + Brave New World to make the game better than Civ IV, and the combat is a bit, well clunky, but aside from that it is one of the best Strategy games on PC right now. 10/10.
game-hours: 1040.0
review: Besides Civilization III (my other favourite Civ game) and IV (which I enjoyed but not my favourite), Civilization V is the best Civilization out there. It is a game you can get away from other frusterating games such as FPS' and relax and build your own empire whilst controlling the military, political, economical, and somewhat social aspects of it. With an update in graphics, and new additions/expansions to the game it is a HUGE breakthrough and step-up from other Civilizations. The favourite addition is the one-unit-per-hex addition which makes you think more strategically about unit placement. The only thing that bothers me is modding. Sure there are many modders out there creating mods or scenarios but not as nearly many as Civilization III where pretty much ANYONE knew how to mod, and it was easy to learn/find the tools to do it. If it were a little more user-friendly I would definetly mod on Civilization V more than III. Seriously, what is cooler than you creating your own things and being able to enjoy them and release so others can enjoy? With that said, Civilization V is a must-have for any previous Civilization owner as it has improved since release A LOT (lots of issues occured on Civ V release). Highly recommended. Hopefully in a few years or so if another Civilization game is made that it will be far greater than V with more.
game-hours: 1013.7
review: Super adictive
game-hours: 15.3
review: OF course its good.
game-hours: 282.1
review: One of the best strategy games I have ever played; there are some parts of the vanilla game I find lacking, especially the late game. This problem is in my opinion mitigated, if not removed altogether, by the addition of the game's two main DLCs; Brave New World and Gods and Kings. Whether you are new to the turn based strategy genre or not, I'd recommend you buy this game, just be careful when playing against Ghandi, or you will have a nuclear winter to worry about.
game-hours: 370.1
review: I have been a fan of the Civilization series since Civ III. This latest game is the best so far. I can spend hours playing and not even realize it. If you are reading this and are looking to purchase a great game, make it this game.
game-hours: 393.3
review: Possibly one of the most dangerous games to play if you have any plans on being a "productive member of society".
game-hours: 634.0
review: I've dumped over 500 hours into this baby, and I have no intention of stopping there, even after the release of Civilization: Beyond Earth. This is a great game, but the vanilla version is a bit simple compared to G&K and BNW (the two expansions for it). I strongly recommend buying at least G&K and BNW, if not also all of the other DLC for the game. I usually hesitate to recommend or to play games with extensive DLC, but in this particular case, it's 100% worth it. On an overall scale, I'd rate this game a 9/10. Any player of strategy games will enjoy this title, and especially fans of RTS and/or turn-based strategy games. The only downfall for new players is that this game is absurdly complex and there is a TON to learn about it; however in my opinion, this is a merit of the game, not a negative. The AI is somewhat weak, but the difficulty levels can account for this weakness by giving them huge head starts and making them somewhat "Nintendo hard". At the moment, the multiplayer is a bit broken, but hopefully a fix is incoming. The single player is where I've dumped 90% of my hours anyway, and is engaging and replayable.
game-hours: 78.9
review: great game hours of fun
game-hours: 91.7
review: Civilization V is a brilliant game. At first i only owned the Base game and still loved it, could have endless games and it would be fun regardless. Then i bought the Expansions and they make the game so much better. i highly recommend this game and the expansions
game-hours: 36.1
review: This game is fun, just like the other Civ's. I can't wait to play the new one.
game-hours: 233.4
review: piss. on. ghandi. asldfkasjfohoivc;dhskasdff!!!!!! 12/10 dot heads die on sight.
game-hours: 180.7
review: Lovely! I haven't seen sunlight in  three days, I think? Can't get over how Khan is actually VERY NICE even without Random AI, how war gets him to actually RESPECT you, unlike other leaders. 9/10, but I jsut have the basic version, so... planning on expanding upon that. So, Sid, shut up and take my money!
game-hours: 295.5
review: Oh God, how long have I been playing this game for?
game-hours: 18.5
review: This game is alot of fun with friends.
game-hours: 219.7
review: my life is a void waiting to be filled up with Civilation V gameplay. 10/10
game-hours: 56.9
review: Highly addictive, challenging and fun. No more words needed.
game-hours: 170.5
review: I love this game so much, it has a steep laerning curve, but once past it is is amazing. There are so many routes to take to win, and how to get there! I just simply LOVE IT!
game-hours: 134.7
review: Great game. It gets boring after a while so try some mods out. 7/10
game-hours: 22.2
review: Perhaps my favourite game of all time. I would definitely reccommend this game to anyone who wants to get into RTS
game-hours: 147.6
review: 'One more turn' dunno how many times I've said that and ended up playing thru the night... and morning...
game-hours: 3.2
review: Very awesome as turn-based games go.
game-hours: 137.2
review: Yeah, good game (better than Beyond Earth)
game-hours: 452.5
review: Civ V turned me into a Fascist. 11/10 no regrets
game-hours: 64.6
review: Humanity is destined for great things. Sadly, if you buy this game you won't get to see what great things we're destined for. After purchase you'll open up to see what it's about. Next time you look at the clock two months will have passed and your life will have collapsed. On the upside you beat Ghandi. 10/10
game-hours: 183.8
review: Very good game, You need most of the Expansion to make it from okay too good.
game-hours: 105.1
review: The BESTTTT GAME EVER !!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 129.7
review: One of the best strategy games to date. Definitely a classic
game-hours: 840.3
review: This is one of the best strategy games I have ever played. At this point I have clocked around 700 hours of gameplay and I STILL only really feel like I'm scratching the surface of all it has to offer. The single player is great, the multiplayer is great. It does take a considerable amount of time/patience/dedication to actually finish a game - quite often they can literally go on for days. If you're looking for a strategy game with mountains of content, challenging scenarios, and endless hours of entertainment then Civ V is for you! You'll never be able to stop . . . Just one more turn . . . .
game-hours: 199.5
review: If you like turn based strategy games then you will most likely enjoy this. Although if you enjoy turn based strategy games you will already have it. So hope you're enjoying playing it.
game-hours: 190.5
review: it da bomd
game-hours: 57.7
review: Just.. One... More... Turn....
game-hours: 120.0
review: At the time of writing this I have over 100 hours played. All I can say is that was 100 hours well spent.
game-hours: 29.7
review: NIE NAWIDZ STRATEGII, ale ta gra rozwala system - nie umiem wyobrazi sobie osoby, ktrej si ta gra nie podoba - po prostu kawa dobrej roboty
game-hours: 17.5
review: I built the great wall of China in America and you can declare war on friends. The tech tree is very good as well as you advance through the eras and improve your cities. Very good stratgey game
game-hours: 46.3
review: Civilization is one of those games you can lose hours just playing it the amount of times I have looked at the clock and wondered where the last 8 hours have gone I would highly recommend this game
game-hours: 202.3
review: awesome game. definitely a must have for strategy lovers
game-hours: 46.0
review: best game ever
game-hours: 121.9
review: - Declares war on Alexander the great - Takes a City - Everyone declares war on you - Go back to a save a while ago -8 / 3
game-hours: 97.6
review: Much inculding within the game I still play it today.
game-hours: 24.8
review: an amasing experiance thatis worth the price for thousands of howers of potenchal gameplay
game-hours: 59.1
review: amazing never has there been a bad civ and they always get better rarely do titles get better for the community because past games seem to be better take for example cll of duty ghost was hated soo much as it was compared to black ops which was amazing but civ looking back i thnk this is the best one yet the machanics are way more smother there are better graphics i love it good work sid miers anyone who loves this game should try beyond earth seriously it is amazing.
game-hours: 35.4
review: Super fun game to play. Time goes by fast when its you and friends playing with or against each other. A must have for anyone who likes this type of game!
game-hours: 100.9
review: yes
game-hours: 78.2
review: It's definately worth it, I love it. It's for the type of people who love strategy and long-term games.
game-hours: 16.4
review: ADDICTING!!! watch the clock when you are playing this game because time will get away very easy! the games very good though there are some little things like getting a boat traped when another player buys slots around it and if you move it war breaks out.....but other than that its a very good game if you like board games like settlers of katan this is the game for you! (dont know if katan is the name but it sounds right)
game-hours: 18.3
review: Ghandi was being a smartass and then the game froze. I re-loaded it and Ghandi was still a smartass.
game-hours: 280.4
review: First off: This Game is damn awesome. I've been a fan of Civ for a few years now, so I might be a bit biased, but Civ V really is awesome. It combines the old style of Civ IV with a new Hexa-Grid for even more awesomeness. If you liked Civ IV, you will like Civ V. Simple as that.
game-hours: 125.3
review: An enjoyable game that gave me many late nights. Its a game that you can always comeback and play again and again, esp with the modding community. 10/10, do yourself a favor and buy it.
game-hours: 589.5
review: Ruined my life. Best game ever.
game-hours: 504.7
review: Fun game. Still playing the first marathon/huge map I started 390+ hours ago...
game-hours: 10.8
review: Incredible game. I just started it and I already love it. Definitely reccomend it to anyone that doesn't have it yet!
game-hours: 32.1
review: Good game. Addictive.
game-hours: 1040.6
review: Perfect
game-hours: 652.0
review: So great. One of those time suck games - you'll sit down to play for an hour and look up and the sun has just cleared the horizon!
game-hours: 14.4
review: Game is pretty tight.
game-hours: 446.6
review: fun
game-hours: 178.6
review: Great game, it's always fun to see your civilization evolve from sticks and stones up to the nukes! This game can be fun in solo but also with friends which makes it even better because you can trade tactics together and do research agreements to speed up your domination!
game-hours: 1461.5
review: If you have every played any of the other Civ's you will love this it has everything the rest were missing!
game-hours: 88.0
review: This game is awesome. For me it defines what turn based stragedy games are. Just make sure you have adequate time on your hands... a single game takes a LONG time to finish. But its definitely worth it!
game-hours: 135.7
review: Civ Rocks. Period.
game-hours: 678.3
review: Some day I may stop obsessively playing this...but I don't want that day to come.
game-hours: 12.1
review: If you enjoy playing long singleplayer games alone go ahead and buy the game. If you're buying this game expecting to play some multiplayer, do yourself a favor and buy something else.
game-hours: 239.4
review: This game is pretty addicting. At first, I was skeptical because I usually don't play these types of games, but when you get into it, you just have to keep going.
game-hours: 128.5
review: Great continuation of the Civilization franchise but only with the BNW DLC.
game-hours: 417.2
review: Ghandi Nuked me 10/10 would be aggresively pacified again
game-hours: 0.2
review: Nice Strategy game!
game-hours: 109.3
review: Fun do play.
game-hours: 124.3
review: pre civ: Walruses post civ: walruses covered in chocolate ridden by me with all of my friends getting an autograph from chuck norris while getting a motivational speech from morgan freeman 100000000000000000000000000000000 chocolate walruses out of 2
game-hours: 88.7
review: This game has taken over my life, 3 days and 22 hours played, would recommend complete package though.
game-hours: 179.9
review: With the brave new world add on civ5 is highly recommended. Depending on the difficulty and other settings you are busy days per session. For me personally a great game. One reason for me to play a game on the PC again. Warning! Extremely addictive!
game-hours: 38.0
review: A fantastic version of Civilisation with everything that you could want. Not played for many years, so the introductions of policies was a real treat and really helped make a difference to how you progressed your nation. Not sure I am a big fan of the religion option, don't seem to have a way to control it's influence without starting a war - although that might be the designers being realistic! Not sure of the point of City-States either, but as you can pretty much custom the gameplay, not a biggie. All in all, great fun.
game-hours: 101.2
review: This game is awesome
game-hours: 165.3
review: Civ is great as it isn't something you can beat in the first few games, you have to play over and over with friends and by yourself to learn all the different strategies as what works for Rome might not work for England. However you do have to change the setting to your preference as you may not like your screen juming around from troop to troop with out you telling it to do so.
game-hours: 601.0
review: Simply put, this is one of the best games I've ever played. Even with the vanilla Civ V, I spent countless hours playing "just one more turn". With Gods and Kings and the Brave New World expansions, the game only got better. I paid full price for almost all the Civ V DLCs and expansions, but it was worth it --- and I have more than 600 hours of playing time to prove it. I've had the sun rise on me many, many times, whether playing Civ V alone or with friends. The depth and complexity of this game ensures that every playthrough will be different, every decision interesting. And as if the game isn't nearly perfect already, it still gets improvements 4 years after its initial launch! This game is a true classic, a standard by which other games of its kind will always be measured and is a must-have for any strategy game lover.
game-hours: 44.7
review: Honestly one of the best games I have ever played. The replayability is unreal. I own the complete version and the DLC just adds so much depth to the game. The only problem I have is how hard mods are to install. Pros Gameplay UI Replayability Depth Graphics Mods (though limited they are there) Cons Sometimes wish there were more diplomacy options Wish I had more control over my citizens sometimes
game-hours: 85.1
review: Extreamly fun game to play! Would defintly recommend!
game-hours: 269.7
review: Brilliant game which can be moulded into a game of domination, science or culture victory. DLCs are well executed adding useful tools to the game which make it even better to play. this is a game sutible for beginners in strategy and experts of the genre.
game-hours: 709.4
review: One of the very best games I have ever played. After some 600 hours of playtime my only real gripe with the game is that the AI is too weak, and that the computer is not aggressive enough. I have a tendency to enjoy building wonders, and not attacking the opponents that much. But when the opponents also dont attack me, this tends to make for pretty boring games. IMO every game you play should involve you getting attacked one way or the other, just to spice things up. But unless you yourself attack the computer, chances are you will finish the game basically with no fighting at all. Which can be boring in the end. Also the only way to improve the computers game is by letting it cheat. On higher levels the computer gets extra starting units, and higher build speed, which IMO is a very poor way to "solve" the weak AI problem. Have you ever heard of a computer chess game where when you increase the difficulty levels, the computer starts with extra pawns, and get move twice pr round? Neither have i :). So I hope the Civ developers in future versions improve the AI for real, without fake boosts for the computer.
game-hours: 62.7
review: great game
game-hours: 5.4
review: The game is a dream, what else to say. It is a pity that in addition to the presence of pain in the  of the enemy, and the fact of robbery hunting traders little useful.  of
game-hours: 181.8
review: Amazing Game! Get it now!
game-hours: 56.4
review: This game is great for strategists. You'll sink in hours and hours of time into this game and will never be bored. Just one more turn, one more turn. That'll be the chant you repeat everytime you make a move.
game-hours: 143.2
review: They declared war on me because I tresspassed their borders once some millenias ago. Good times. Surely recommend. 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 60.5
review: Using mods, I can have Big Boss as a Jedi conquering the world using culture whilst up against Blasto the Hanar, Hatsune Miku, Cthulu and Canada. best game
game-hours: 72.7
review: like
game-hours: 46.2
review: Good game, but many things were either downsized or made worse from Civ 4
game-hours: 158.6
review: Civilization for the win. (;
game-hours: 112.6
review: Brilliant game!!! But be carefull you pay attention to your time played!
game-hours: 74.6
review: Hello! I have done a few stupid reviews however I am going to do a real review so lets begin. So Civilization V has many DLC packs however people will rush straight into Brave New World but don't it's a great DLC pack however you will miss alot that Civilization V offers to begin with, I see many people only getting this to download modded players like Winston Curchill: With the United Kingdom of Great Britian and Northern Irelan, or Lenin with whatever the USSR stands for (sorry my patriotism is showing xD). But lets be honest you are missing out on ALOT of content which in evry enjoyable! so Civilization V by itself is 8/10 but with Brave New World is 10/10 for me!
game-hours: 47.1
review: freaking awesome game, tons of ways to win and many avenues of approaches!
game-hours: 326.3
review: meh
game-hours: 43.6
review: Great game
game-hours: 239.1
review: A classic, can't go wrong with this. I just wish more people played it. Sure, the graphics aren't the greatest. It is however fun. Very versatile in game play and style. Build up armies, make treaties, beat people down, build em up, piss em off and then be at war with the world. It's great, fun, learn cultures, and history all at the same time while having fun. What more could ya ask for ?
game-hours: 91.1
review: Took one look at the artwork/graphics and said "nah". And that was that for a long time. I eventually gave in to all the hype when it was on sale and OMFG, it's only like the best grand strategy I've ever played! Entire days have been happily lost since.
game-hours: 33.2
review: Civ Was one of the first games i ever played and to this day each new addition has been a staple in my life ^_^
game-hours: 883.2
review: While this game has been given high scores from "professional" game reviewers it has also been given bad marks by some longtime Civilization players. I don't think these naysayers are necessarily in the majority though. Personally the game is pretty good. It is not as good as Civilization IV's Beyond the Sword expansion but I do like it a lot. 1UPT (one unit per tile) is a refreshing change that will only get better with further expansions. Build choices matter more than ever now because you have to balance happiness, culture, expansion, defense, & conquest all through gold or buildings. It is no longer as simple as adjusting a slider.
game-hours: 62.9
review: If you have any respect for your free time, do not buy this. It has a small tendency to suck you in (in a good way). You play for hours in what seemed like minutes. Also, got denouced for being a warmonger by Atilla the Hun. 10/10
game-hours: 2426.2
review: This game should have free dlc becasue the 2014 mod need korendlc
game-hours: 109.2
review: Great to play with friends and it can fly. Much better than Civ III, so happy birthday!
game-hours: 44.7
review: DLC! DLC! DLC!
game-hours: 5.6
review: Funnest game to watste 5 days of your life
game-hours: 530.1
review: Civ 5's logic. WHAT?!?! You rejected my friend's friend request for a trade agreement that was completely not in your favor?!?! How DARE you! You dugust me you foul warmonger! Prepare for war!!! Uhhhh, why did you just claim a tile that's 20 tiles away from my civilization??? Are you trying to acttack me?!?! Warmonger! How dare you kill one of Mongolia's units after they nuked you! We happen to be friends you know!!!! How dare you vote against my proposal to embargo you! DENOUCEMENT!!! 10/10
game-hours: 155.1
review: Yes
game-hours: 70.1
review: Great game, a just one more turn feel to it. I have been playing it since the first version and I still completely love it. I have been recommending it to the people I work with.
game-hours: 76.0
review: Perfect
game-hours: 25.6
review: It's a Civ game. Just buy it already.
game-hours: 2.2
review: I recommend this it is a very fun and exciting strategy game with lots to think about while in-game.
game-hours: 387.7
review: Very addictive game! The (expensive) Gods & Kings DLC is a must buy though.
game-hours: 122.2
review: Who doesnt love Civilization?
game-hours: 110.3
review: probably best strategy game ever
game-hours: 323.9
review: Addictive, beautifully desingned, polished GUI. Expect to lose several hours of your life playing it, it's worthy of that.
game-hours: 118.9
review: I recommend this game alot. If you play it multiplayer it might be a bit laggy, but it still works. It's a really good game where you can challenge the AI in a stragetic game with no possible way of nothing how they'll react.
game-hours: 40.4
review: Beautiful and Intrigiung game. Highly recomend for all audiences.
game-hours: 101.6
review: This game is one of the best games in my steam library, if i start a game ill probably play for about 9 hours with no breaks (besides the lue) and my friends and I love the  outta this game xD I would definately buy it again if anything happened to it 10\10 My favorite game ;)
game-hours: 846.6
review: It's Civ... what more can be said. By far the best of the series. Have enjoyed many an hour playing it and without any bug, crashes, or other anomolies that would detract from enjoyment. I look forward to Civilization VI when ever that gets developed and released. Highly recommend.
game-hours: 90.3
review: Addicting, challenging, awesome!
game-hours: 218.6
review: one more turn
game-hours: 45.1
review: This is one of the best RTS games available right now!
game-hours: 65.1
review: ! 3  4  ,    .   !
game-hours: 332.5
review: nice game
game-hours: 47.2
review: Excellent game! I cannot stress how amazing this game is for anyone that loves strategy games.
game-hours: 324.5
review: No turn-base strategy games are better made made than the Sid Meier's Civilization 5. I love that game.
game-hours: 74.3
review: I reallly enjoy this game because it's complicated many ways to win, and you always have fun even when your new so i think You should play it
game-hours: 231.4
review: 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 454.4
review: I loved it however this is simply my kind of game. The game practically plays itself considering it's turn based you only have a few decisions to make then it's up to the computer. So It probably will be boring at times.
game-hours: 166.3
review: Great game, very addictive. The game was good but the DLC's make it worth while with both God's and King's and Brave New World. So much to do and so many ways to win!
game-hours: 307.5
review: I have spend 200+ hours playing Sid Meier's Civilization 5. It has got to be one of my most favorite games I have ever played. It has wonderful ways to play how you want to play and still have a fun time doing it.
game-hours: 183.6
review: Very fun and worth the money if you can get it on sale. The combat is MUCH more enjoyable than CIV 4 (no more making huge stacks of units on one tile and rolling around the map... no more 500 year sieges on cities with 30 units stacked in them). I like how the terrain matters MUCH more for both combat and empire infastructure planning (no more having a road to every tile unless you want to be bankrupt). Embarking is a nice feature which means you don't have to wait for transport boats to go to sea... Other than that it's basically just another CIV game. Entertaining but not head of the pack by any means.
game-hours: 13.4
review: AMAZIN!
game-hours: 44.3
review: Prepare to spend hours on this one
game-hours: 159.2
review: Proposal to congress to repeal the embargo against the Ottoman empire. Request from the Ottoman empire for silver in exchage for 4 votes for the proposal at the congress.
game-hours: 233.5
review: great game
game-hours: 24.2
review: EXPENSIVE BUT GOOD 7/10 WORTH PIRATING
game-hours: 289.3
review: Amazing game love it just wish i had more people to play it with.
game-hours: 101.5
review: This is an amazing strategy game for both hardcore and not so hardcore players. It can relly take you hours if you are building you dream-emprie so I warn you. For civilization fans=buy For turn-based fans=buy For people thinking about buying=buy For people who can only play 20 min a day=sadly dont buy It can be played in shoter burst but I still prefer playing for atleast the 40-45 min. at a time.
game-hours: 88.1
review: Excellent game if you are into macro style strategy games. The graphics are pretty good and run well on lower end computers. Its unfortunate at higehr difficulties the A.I. gets unfair advantages to compensate for poor coding.
game-hours: 80.1
review: a game
game-hours: 312.4
review: 10/10 it ruined my life
game-hours: 188.2
review: I give the game a 9/10. As a Civ fan since Civ III I can tell you that things have changed drastically over the years. Most of the changes are for the best interests of the gamer. Civilization V brings quite a bit of gameplay to the table that allows hours and hours of play. Choosing your civilzation and playing through the many eras of the game is a different experience with each change in leaders, map options, victory conditions, and much more. The community is extremely involved in this game and there are many mods that can add more and more play time to your experience. If you want to play competatively and fight other users in a huge online epoc of destruction or simply want to create the largest empire ever made in a single player game, you have the content available to you to get the most gameplay for your money. The posibilites are endless. Replay value: Insane Bang for your buck: Insane Get this game.
game-hours: 31.9
review: A really good game, especially for a returning Civ Fan. The more people you have with you, the better!
game-hours: 406.3
review: Probably one of the best games that I have ever played. In short, if you have a new friend, introduce this to them and tell them you are playing the short game. They will look up in eight hours with the words," I thought this was the short game" You will only smile and laugh knowing you have destroyed another man's eight hours with your "hobby".
game-hours: 38.3
review: Where Civilization IV was clunky, this game has trimmed away all the fat and baggage that was accumulated over the last few games to create a fresh, streamlined version of Civilization for the next generation of gamers. Even though I'm terrible at strategy games, this game has me clocking in many, many hours.
game-hours: 63.6
review: Started Saturday morning now it's monday and I'm not sure I've slept... eh I can afford one more turn.
game-hours: 249.5
review: Great game to play with friends whether you're in a friendly helpint mood or want a mock war. Also a great way to learn a few facts about world civilization. Great game for those who love stategies.
game-hours: 514.1
review: Good game if you like to just kill time. Really entertaining and challenging if you increase the difficulty but otherwise fairly easy.
game-hours: 226.4
review: With 207 hours and counting, it's safe to say I enjoy this game. And I do. While I was somewhat sceptical about the base game, just as with CIv IV before it, Civilization V has blossomed with its second expansion. With the ruturn of Religion in the first expansion and Trading in the second has made this a true heir to the Civilization legacy. If you like this kind of game, you should grab a copy of Civ V.
game-hours: 231.9
review: Most addicting game ive ever played! I start a game and 8 hours will go by in what seems like a minute. You can play the game for hundreds of hours and never get sick of it. Definitely worth the money!
game-hours: 72.6
review: is aight
game-hours: 50.9
review: iz v GG
game-hours: 928.5
review: Though dramatically different from Civ 4 and its incredible amount of micromanaging, this iteration is another exceptional entry into my favorite series. Would highly recommend to anyone!
game-hours: 18.7
review: Great game long but great.
game-hours: 417.6
review: great
game-hours: 42.9
review: I have loved and played Civ for many years now. This one, they changed it SO much!!! Its difficult to get into it at first, particularly when used to the other game play. Still an amazing game though!
game-hours: 196.2
review: i play it for the story
game-hours: 282.3
review: 8/10, would recommend
game-hours: 156.2
review: Amasing strategie game really good deal especially on sale
game-hours: 140.5
review: 10/10
game-hours: 37.0
review: Great game, its something you can play over and over.
game-hours: 295.5
review: THIS IS SUCH A FUN GAME!!!!
game-hours: 62.7
review: 54 Hours and still haven't finished a game
game-hours: 1662.4
review: Love it! Can't wait for the next one to come out!
game-hours: 49.9
review: I LOVE THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 94.9
review: Aquatic Chariot  Archers inbound.
game-hours: 334.9
review: From the hex tiles to mobile artillery this game hes kept us all saying "One. More. Turn". The original game is fun, and just when that starts to get slow, Gods and Kings appears. boom, everything you were missing appears. Another thousand hours go by and whats this?!? Brave New world appears and you dont even know what to do with yourself. just watch out for those world congress elections. forget about the forbidden palace and you just may find yourself losing early.
game-hours: 111.2
review: BEST GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED!!!!!! :DDDDDDDDDDDDDD
game-hours: 115.9
review: Great game 10/10 i love it
game-hours: 1798.8
review: One more turn...
game-hours: 266.8
review: The reasons to play any other game besides this one are very few indeed.
game-hours: 35.7
review: Simply put - the global leader in turn based strategy drastically improves on it's previous efforts in the series. Disappointed that religion doesn't come in the base game but comes in an extra DLC which I haven't personally got yet. Fantastic visuals and art, interesting snapshots of language and innovations to the series like 1 unit per tile really improve tactical gameplay.
game-hours: 7.6
review: 8/10 Better than 4 in combat and tiles, worse in everything else. Expansions fix it though to be 10/10.
game-hours: 341.1
review: -This game is great. You will go from the ancient ages and advance through technologies into modern day civilization.
game-hours: 165.2
review: Started playing this game one day. Didn't realise how time much time had gone by till it was too late.
game-hours: 69.6
review: Its like a giant game of super chess where you play as a historical leader. You must trade control social policies and fend off the advances of the evil warmongering nuclear fueled Ghandi,the epitome of terror. 10/10
game-hours: 19.4
review: What can i say? This game is perfect example of Strategies! Begining with Civ II i walked this way along with Civ, and i completely glad with this game! Civ 5 has began a new age of strategies! And i recommend it to everyone!
game-hours: 19.8
review: Probably the best yet in the series. My only complaint is that you need the expansions to get some of, what seem like, basic features. 8/10
game-hours: 199.2
review: Worth it
game-hours: 367.6
review: den out of den
game-hours: 25.1
review: So much fun to play constantly has you thinking of what you should do next. 1 hour quickly turns to 3 or 4 whenever I play this.
game-hours: 252.0
review: An extremely addictive game, will have you playing for hours!
game-hours: 161.3
review: The best genocide simulator on the market!
game-hours: 26.2
review: Gary. Mothering. Oak. OP AS BALLS
game-hours: 169.6
review: Great game, Lot's of fun if you have the time!
game-hours: 96.9
review: Complete Edition: Almost a masterpiece! The only problem I have is boring, strategic AI, that makes me completely feel like im playing by myself. Thankfully, the rest of the game is so wonderful that its easily worth the purchase! And surprisingly the new mechanics are so easy to learn, which I was intimidated about before playing. Yes there is multiplayer, and yes during the regular waking hours there are people willing to play (if you set your Steam's Region to a big city in the real world), but multiplayer on med-large maps is unplayable as people bail out off the game 90% of the time. What would have kept people to play was an official world-wide tourney ladder & visible scoreboard. A true 8/10 Buy with confidence on sale.
game-hours: 16.7
review: It's very addicting, and very easy to pass hours without realizing you've done so. ...Just one more turn...Just one more turn...
game-hours: 267.7
review: I LOVE THIS GAME
game-hours: 680.2
review: Its pretty good
game-hours: 72.0
review: Yes
game-hours: 209.2
review: Makes time dissapear. Just buy it!
game-hours: 119.9
review: Sucks your life away, but totally worth it.
game-hours: 84.6
review: It's Civ 5. You already know it's awesome if you're even considering buying it.
game-hours: 72.6
review: This game is a fantastic strategy game, I enjoyed playing this with my friends. The only drawback to the game if you can call it one, is that this game gets you carried away as in when you sit down to play you don't realize that six hours have passed. Of course that could be labeled as a success, regardless I enjoy this game no matter how much sleep I have lost playing it.
game-hours: 1640.6
review: Great game, spent over 1000 hrs already
game-hours: 896.4
review: Great Game, need friends for multiplayer though
game-hours: 264.7
review: I had forgotten how addictive this game was, but now with expansions, it will swallow your life.
game-hours: 304.3
review: Just one more turn, and I'll declare war. Just one more turn... ...one more... ...... it's 2am.
game-hours: 14.2
review: DOING IT FOR THE BADGE
game-hours: 78.5
review: Awesome game
game-hours: 139.7
review: This is a great game. endless hours of fun in the singleplayer and even more from the steam workshop and and multiplayer. and this game always goes on sale.
game-hours: 283.8
review: You can't get any better! I find that every time i play its a new experience, new tactics, new civs to hate on. If a game never gets old it should get an 11/10
game-hours: 46.6
review: will suck your life away and you wont even notice
game-hours: 470.9
review: This has everything you need to conquer all of civilization and just have the best time being stabbed in the back then nuking your once allies. Good memories...
game-hours: 94.5
review: Such a great game to play, and be warned, bananas start wars!
game-hours: 120.4
review: Civilization V is one of the best PC games I can suggest to anyone who asks! It's a massive time consumer but it's deffinetly worth it! I personly own all the DLCs which T received after purchasing the complete edition, and it just creates a whole new gaming experience! so buy this game,I urge you! you will NOT regret it! 5*s 10/10
game-hours: 241.7
review: How can I not recommend this with almost 200 hours logged? Especially with the Gods and Kings expansion...you will see your life wither away as you play for just...one...more...turn!
game-hours: 75.4
review: Very good game. Lose the hours playing this one!
game-hours: 175.3
review: this game is very fun and i love to play it with my friends
game-hours: 15.7
review: Very fun, it is an interesting game. You should get it if you like strategy games. To the average player, it might get a little boring though
game-hours: 40.2
review: JUST...ONE...MORE...TURN 10/10
game-hours: 107.0
review: Great game for multiplayer AND single player. Love this so much, so many options to play and difficulty settings. Wide variety of ways to set up the game too.
game-hours: 125.9
review: Civ V is an absolutley incredible, immersive, and addicting game. My praise for this game truly cannot be expressed in words. If you're on the fence about buying this at normal price, just buy it when it's cheap during the summer sale, you won't regret it!
game-hours: 703.1
review: Snice.
game-hours: 82.5
review: Pretty fun for those into strategy games, but will consume hours of your life at a time.
game-hours: 62.0
review: Gandhi brought about the nuclear apocolypse- 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 800.5
review: Awesome TBS game. Great addition to Sid Meier's Civ series.
game-hours: 334.0
review: Been playing since Civ 3, and loved every advancement.
game-hours: 89.2
review: This game is worth the buy, i have never played such a game like it. it is just amazing
game-hours: 45.8
review: funny
game-hours: 277.3
review: Turn based strategy and loads of fun :) Do not expect to be playing for an hour or two.... This game will eat away days and nights for that matter. It is by far one of the best turn based strategy games out there. So many things to do, so many people to conquer!
game-hours: 82.9
review: This game shows thing that happen in the past, the present and the future which you can combind many stragtegy to win over your enemies.That include be common enemy to someone or make the alliance to overthrow the most powerful player from his seat of this game which can be done throught many ways either direct or from the way that they would never notice what coming for them.
game-hours: 64.4
review: This is some good stuff.
game-hours: 385.3
review: Really great turn based strategy, the best one from whole Civ series, and is still developed. Hundreds hours of fun and glorious moments as an emperior! :)
game-hours: 7.5
review: played 2 games....loved it but took long :D
game-hours: 1033.6
review: For Friends of turn-based stategy games very recommended. It won't get bored and is even for Players with less experience and time.
game-hours: 37.3
review: Never trust that Indian  Ghandi. He will  your  open so hard and take all of your lavender.
game-hours: 128.2
review: Great Game, would reccomend it to anyone who likes both fast and slow statergy games. Great mutliplayer and singleplayer you can easily spend a long time in this game.
game-hours: 90.9
review: A really immersive and detailed game, that explores branches of strategy boldly. Well worth my money, and i would urge everyone to try it.
game-hours: 220.4
review: Civ 5 is an awesome game
game-hours: 237.6
review: Each time I play I lose track of time and I find out it's 2am. It's a great game and I do not typically play strategy.. Only down side is it takes a lot of time.
game-hours: 521.4
review: the stack of death combat in previous iterations.
game-hours: 337.2
review: Civ5 to me has a really high replay value. Every match is unique and depending on how you set up the game can pose some challenge. When all is said and done, I have to give this a 9.1/10.
game-hours: 50.9
review: I've never really hated someone who wanted peace so much. It's a shame Gandhi is a pr!ck.
game-hours: 70.7
review: This is coming from a person who does not like turn based games. I bought the super package and enjoy the game. I played this game vanilla, and did not enjoy this game. If you play this with turns I highly recommend a 3 minute timer. Some people lose track of time and become rude by making people wait. That said this can be a very fun game. Do not look for action, but a quiet evening with this game. Try and have a book handy, or the tv on a show thats pretty good. End verdict this is great clean fun. 8.5/10
game-hours: 37.8
review: Great.
game-hours: 166.6
review: Masterfully crafted. Turn-based strategy don't get any better than this. Its much less complex compared to its predecessor Civilization IV, hence much more accessible to "most of us". Endless replayability with its awesome choice of leaders and campaign options. And theres that "Just... one... more... turn! Dammit!"
game-hours: 27.1
review: Civ is Civ. The only thing I didn't care for is that units aren't really what they appear, stats are the only thing that is taken into consideration. So if enough spearman gang up on your tanks, your tanks will lose.
game-hours: 231.7
review: What an amazing game! One of my favorite games of all time. People think it's really hard to get used to it and say it's really complex, but if you give it a shot you'll see it's a ton of fun and very addictive. The expansion packs add a lot of content and are also worth buying. Don't hesitate, just buy this game!
game-hours: 154.7
review: 20/10 On a Sunday, my friends and I decided to play a "quick" game as soon as we all downloaded it. We then learned there is no such thing as a "quick" game. We started at 9AM and our "quick" game ended at 11PM. Luckily it was summer break so no homework was missed.
game-hours: 312.9
review: Amazing game; best turn-based strategy game out there. Both DLC's are worth it, especially Brave New World.
game-hours: 248.0
review: Most fun I've ever had playing a moved based strategy game. If you like history and good games, this games for you.
game-hours: 224.2
review: Such a fun game. I enjoyed every hour I played it's really in depth and there's alot of strategy that goes into it. Overall 10/10
game-hours: 177.0
review: Lots of fun. Has stolen many hours of my life
game-hours: 159.7
review: Make sure you have plenty of free time because this game just eats it up.
game-hours: 187.7
review: This is one of the most addicting games I have played in a long time. The DLC really changes up gameplay and isn't just new character/map content.
game-hours: 130.5
review: After many hours of play I can say this game ruined my life.
game-hours: 161.5
review: If you have even looked at this game and considered "HM, looks kind of neat." then you should buy the complete edition right now. Gods and kings expansion is optional Brave new world is extremely good and pretty much required to make this game a 10/10 The complete edition is highly suggested. There's far too much about this game for me to ramble on about. If you need more information go look up multiple reviews that aren't from steam or one source. However, you can trust me when I say, unless you absolutely hate the grand strategy genre civ5 complete edition is a must buy, especially when it's on sale.
game-hours: 208.1
review: Great game!! Play this game 24/7 and is the most fun I've had in a game, especially on multiplayer!
game-hours: 126.7
review: Good good good
game-hours: 199.4
review: Awesome game, very addictive, best played with friends.
game-hours: 395.0
review: THE Strategy game...
game-hours: 57.7
review: i like this games but it doesnt work wel it keeps popping op that there is a problem and it doesnt fix itself
game-hours: 354.9
review: Slow, Strategic, gameplay about building a new civilization (Not customizable) in a world. History is remade each time you start a new game. Unfortunately, AI is bad, and a feature I found on Civilization IV which I expected to have in this game is not here. Wish when a player disconnects, we could vote again to either wait for the play, save and continue, or save and quit.
game-hours: 284.6
review: 20 years ago (1991) I got my first copy of Civilization (for the Amiga 500) as a gift. 20 years later I'm still playing it. A game that really does stand the Test of Time.
game-hours: 272.5
review: Very fun! The game really sucks you in. Its great for the type of game it is!
game-hours: 4.4
review: gud
game-hours: 16.5
review: THIS GAME IS THE BEST GAME EVER MADE. 8/8 M8 THAT IS MY R8
game-hours: 20.9
review: gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay is what I have become after playing this lovely game
game-hours: 114.0
review: It's amazing.
game-hours: 464.4
review: Ghandi nuked me 10/10
game-hours: 39.3
review: A classic that keeps getting better with each iteration. The change of interface and tile-set are welcome features and adding the expansions on top of that gives it an even greater depth that leaves players with a near infinite amount of game time before ever getting bored.
game-hours: 26.9
review: If you have any desire to play this, do it! This is one of the best turn based stratagy games I have ever played. Great difficulty but has enough hints and help that it doesn't become overwellming. Great game to play with friends if you just have a whole day to waste.
game-hours: 103.5
review: Really freaking awesome
game-hours: 225.9
review: i must say it's a must have! lots of hours in this game and it's cool! buy it!
game-hours: 112.9
review: Quite a good bit of fun!
game-hours: 402.2
review: good game
game-hours: 251.6
review: 10/10 will rage
game-hours: 245.9
review: Diplomacy Broken but good
game-hours: 212.9
review: is good
game-hours: 66.6
review: Civilization WITH Lyics-Brentalfloss There's a game called Civilization where you get your own little nation Be immortal, rule as you see fit, just one click and you can decree  From Civ 1 to Civ Revolution, it's your job to find the solution Need advice from somebody wiser? Just ask Elvis, he's your adviser Everybody thinks you're nobody important If this were Fight Club, you'd be Edward Norton. A gimp, a geek, a shrimp They call you weak they call you wimp (and so lame!) Little do they know that you're a man of power You can conquer peoples hour after hour They'd fear you if they lived in the borders of your Civ! So keep playing Civilization, take good care of your little nation Start a war with ancient Egyptians, spread your equally valid religion Win with science, culture, or napalm Watch out, Gandhi might drop the A-bomb You can show your neighbors you love them, Or just beat the dog  out of them Oh-ho, key change, mofo! When you're playing Civilization, history becomes your creation, Learn to write before you can read And build the Taj Majal right in Cleveland! Keep your wits and your sense of humor Watch out for that prick Montezuma (He's a ) You can change the future a lot, see? You can even make Jewish Nazis If it's in your imagination, it can be your civilization
game-hours: 253.0
review: If you buy it, get at least one of the expansion packs. Vinalla game is kinda meh.
game-hours: 38.5
review: One of the best strategy games ever devised
game-hours: 158.2
review: I LOVE this game!! Can't wait for CIV: Beyond Earth!! I recommend this game to anyone looking to rule the world (not in real life of course). It's great fun, and very exciting to strategize in order to get what you need.
game-hours: 139.0
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V is yet another installment of the allready impressive series Civilization from Sid Meier. The game feels like it's previous versions but with more depth and new civilizations! A highly recommendable game! It's kind of like the board game RISK meets Age of Empires. The game itself offers diversity to make it feel fresh longer. Discover the difference ways of winning games from killing, spaceships and more! If you ever enoyed playing RTS games this is a must have! The game is also very enjoyable to play with friends. It's very funny if you gather 3 or more friends and have no preset teams. As the paranoia of who needs to be taken out, and who you can trust sets in as the game develops. Pro: - It's a challange - It's a good way to learn history - You get a chance to write your own history - Very changable in way of maps, civilizations, victroy types and style of play - Good multiplayer setups Cons: - Can at sometimes feel very time consuming - Has a harsh learning curve (Note its worth the time to learn it) - You need all the expansions for full enjoyment (Note steam is running a good offer for it all in a binge) 8/10 - Simply a must have for RTS gamers!
game-hours: 556.0
review: epic good game, mp is kinda nightmare tho specially with random guys who keep quiting
game-hours: 113.6
review: One of those games that, once you start, you can't stop playing. Civ V is a great starting point for newcomers, you don't need to have played any of the previous games or even games in the same genre - you'll understand what to do very quickly. The base game lacks depth, meaning that veterans of the genre may get bored after a few matches but, luckily, the expansions add a lot of much needed content and depth which is bound to please jest about anyone. Highly reccomended, but only if you pick up the expansions with it.
game-hours: 236.8
review: Catherine ed a horse. Gets double quantity from horses. 10/10 Realism. Don't trust Ghandi. Doge. Doge. Doge. Venice.
game-hours: 99.6
review: If not for me, this entire planet would be ruled by Indonesia. Thankfully, I managed to topple them in the last rounds through the remains of World Congress and a few city states. You're welcome.
game-hours: 199.2
review: You can say alot about Civilization... How it kills your social life, sucks away weeks and months like a black hole... But non of that changes the fact that Civilization V with its expansions is one of the best TBS games abount, if you enjoy detailed, engaging TBS - that will give you an unforgiving challenge if you ask for it, or just a casual relaxed game you cannot fail with Civ5. To my wife's despair - take a look at my hours in this game.. :)
game-hours: 216.6
review: A game that when you say, "More of the same." is the highest reccomendation you can give it.
game-hours: 210.3
review: Civ5 is a time vampire, but it's so good.
game-hours: 339.9
review: Everybody asks, "Where have all the hours gone?" when recommending this game... To global domination my friends. Now, if that doesn't interest the rest of you, go back to your soulless existence and leave me to bask in the glory that is Civ 5.
game-hours: 185.1
review: It can be a very fun game despite the casual graphic and run time error. I would consider it ... 7/10
game-hours: 251.3
review: This is an amazing game!!
game-hours: 1117.9
review: I have been playing Civilization since it was a board game. This is another in the ongoing improvements in the Civilization games series. Two mouse clicks up.
game-hours: 43.7
review: Sounds like Keith David did a voiceover for the trailer. 10/10
game-hours: 70.7
review: kool game yo
game-hours: 888.8
review: built,conqeur,rule
game-hours: 1967.1
review: THIS GAMES MULTIPLAYER IS A ING JOKE!!!! Good luck going beyond 100 turns. ts like sid decided to just make a game on a drawing board then laughing his  off said oh lets sell this at top dollar w/ jus the bare mechanices, but wait we can sell it to the suckers again at the same price for all the extras.....is so dam sad i will never buy another civ game again after this one and how it was handled. The multiplayer is lucky to go past enlightenment and everyone quites or it disconnects or goes out of sync is a dam joke. I am pretty sure while hes jerking it and laughing at the money hes reaping in he's never even played let alone tested his own products cause they all seem more half- than the last and full of bugs. FU Sid Meier's-from someone who's played your games since a little kid this is a dam shame
game-hours: 6.8
review: what hapen i cant play it any more?
game-hours: 0.1
review: nice game
game-hours: 4.1
review: FReaking awesome!!! Sid has done it again. HE has a legacy me thinks.
game-hours: 69.5
review: Waaay to addictive... Me Likey!
game-hours: 418.6
review: Very fun, very addictive, though I've only played the game with the Brave New World expansion pack added, which apparently makes it a whole lot better than vanilla, according to some friends. Grabbing both together can set you back a pretty penny so if you're interested, I'd recommend picking this one up when it's on sale. It's a great blend of peaceful and tense that really keeps you in the game, be it leaning back in your chair or on the edge of it.
game-hours: 102.3
review: I have bought every civilization game ever made, i love this game and i still do, but i dont appreciate loosing my option to play the game without being "connected" & being forced to do so while paying full price. This is in my opinion a betrayal by the franchise i have grow to love over the years. I will not purchase another game. though i think this is a fantastic platform it is not how i personally like to handle my business. I dont want anyone to know what im doing at any given moment if i choose not to tell them. this is my right to have privacy any i feel kinda violated.
game-hours: 13.9
review: hell yeh
game-hours: 0.7
review: Put it back for free please! I love this game!
game-hours: 4500.7
review: Highly Recommended. Best Civ game yet.
game-hours: 9.9
review: i never really like turn based but after this i was like "wow!!". its a great game and i highly recommend this to player who like turn based and also strategy, P.S sorry about spelling:(
game-hours: 50.7
review: Civilization V is the best game I have played in a long time. It has great graphics and it is fun to attack people.
game-hours: 400.8
review: This game has sucked sooooo many hours out of my life. LIFE WELL SPENT!!!!!!!
game-hours: 171.8
review: It's a awsome game with in depth strategy tactics a must have
game-hours: 2.6
review: i love this game
game-hours: 8.8
review: I love this game, but honestly i had no idea how i got to play it or that it was even in steam for purchase, i purchased another steam game and this was all ready for me to install. Had i Known i mite have bothered with the multiplayer setting i loved this game since i a kid id still loved it and can't wait till the development team decide its time to upgrade it even more so and give it a awesome out of this world make 3D first person view make over.
game-hours: 8.6
review: Amazing game but needs to have a new one jesus its been 4 years
game-hours: 371.8
review: Got to play the game during Steam's free period. I was a long time player of Civ III. Getting the chance to play Civ V even without the DLC was a good thing. I spent 24 hours in a single game over the course of two days. Always had to get that next turn in. The only negative I can think of is in the interaction with other countries. Not really a negative but it is a different experience than Civ III and tooks some time to get use to. Never did find a means to perform any spy tactics. Overall I enjoyed it. I was set to win by score, culture or space. The space ship managed to be built first.
game-hours: 23.9
review: Wish they would've dropped the price for Civ V in honor of the release of Beyond Earth instead of puting it as free to play for three days. Otherwise, great game! Would purchase if it was cheaper.
game-hours: 63.5
review: Great entry in the Civ series if you don't mind the glacial pace the game runs at. Even on my quad core I find that the turns take a while to process long before you get that far into the game, slowing things down to a crawl. Still, the graphics are nice and are quite an improvement over IV. Recommended for fans of the series.
game-hours: 104.0
review: So many hours put on this game, its fairly adictive and entretaining. Just remember.. dont trust Napoleon ;)
game-hours: 254.4
review: This game is damn-near perfect, especially with the Brave New World expansion. The only thing holding back perfection is that Hitler is NOT the German leader. It's perfectly fine to have Ghengis Khan, who  and murdered his way across europe, but HItler is totally not cool 'cause he might offend some Sensitive-Sally. Makes perfect sense.
game-hours: 72.4
review: Fantastic game, you will lose hours of your life into it.
game-hours: 37.7
review: I seriously cant get enough of this game. its absolutely wonderful and this sale is killer.
game-hours: 966.5
review: This game is great if you have an hour or 12 to burn.
game-hours: 29.9
review: Awesome game, so glad it was finally ported to Linux. Can get very intricate.
game-hours: 692.0
review: Just.... one... more... turn.... *looks out the window to see it's light outside*.... Why are you so addicting, civ5?
game-hours: 396.2
review: Civ=God
game-hours: 167.6
review: I'm torn, but I am going to go with no, it seems to me they broke apart 1 product into 4 small packages that you need to buy individually in order to have the ful experience, it really seems they did not finish the "Base" Civ 5 so dlc's were bought. Not worth the individual price of the game and the dlc's, If you find a bundle during the steam sale however, go for it.
game-hours: 122.1
review: This game made my heart go doki doki~
game-hours: 21.2
review: Fun when played with people that aren't Warmongering s.
game-hours: 270.4
review: Board game for peple who are too hardcore for board games.
game-hours: 341.7
review: Probably one of my favorite strategy games to date, especially against friends.
game-hours: 166.1
review: Over 150 hours later the novelty of nuking Alexander the Great's capital as George Washington at 3 in the morning then sleeping easy hasn't worn off.
game-hours: 473.5
review: Total global domination.
game-hours: 316.6
review: Great. 10/10
game-hours: 48.6
review: This game is one of the funnist ive played so far
game-hours: 327.1
review: one of my favorite games
game-hours: 23.9
review: fun game. time will fly by
game-hours: 91.9
review: Way too enthralling. I could spend days in this game.
game-hours: 61.7
review: BUY IT!!!!
game-hours: 72.3
review: Civilization V is a great game that really lets you play however you want. It's also great if you want to rip apart any friendships that you have. In all seriousness though, get it, if you have the cash.
game-hours: 243.6
review: Best Civilization game by far. Good chill and wind down game.
game-hours: 197.5
review: Civ V is an amazing game. Although the vanilla game gets dull rather quickly the expansions and mods are what keeps it interesting.
game-hours: 566.7
review: This is a great game. I cannot say enough good things about it. Best 4x ever.
game-hours: 3.3
review: A great game!
game-hours: 77.1
review: Best game ever.. until the next one..
game-hours: 15.1
review: Incredibly addicting turn-based strategy game. You will easily spend *many, many, many, many* hours on this game! And no matter how many games you finish, you'll always return for more!
game-hours: 187.0
review: I play this game on the regs so you know its good
game-hours: 233.7
review: Fun in single player, fun with friends. I enjoy the extra game play from the DLCs, was impressed with the culture revamp with 'Brave New World' worth getting the complete pack. Only problem I've seen with the game is slow loading sometimes in multiplayer matches with several human players, mostly due to the game trying to process every player's actions at the same time with shared turns instead of consecutive... I would recommend to any strategy/world domination game fans.
game-hours: 124.8
review: Wish it was 3 hours in the future and dont want to deal with life? Here is your answer.
game-hours: 364.2
review: Having watched the evolution of this series, I've been able to see the improvements that have been made with each iteration. The turn based strategy format is a classic, and provides for some deep stategic thinking. The game is very in-depth for the progression of the civilizations involved, and with so many variables, Civilization gives endless replayability. Three thumbs up!
game-hours: 902.4
review: Greatness
game-hours: 102.5
review: Great game!
game-hours: 675.4
review: A very good game that never gets old.
game-hours: 170.1
review: This is the best Turn-based strategy game I have ever played. Pros: Beautifully crafted game with lots of depth to it. Cons: Complex and hard to learn.
game-hours: 201.2
review: This game has given me almost 200 hours of entertainment. I started this game with no prior knowledge of the series, no prior experience in TBS games, nor did I even really enjoy the strategy genre all that much. All of that changed within about 4 hours of solid play my first day with this game, and I still play it to this day. It's an extremely well crafted, addicting and rewarding game that will possibly take over your life if you let it. Don't play the Vanilla release. If you have ANY passing interest in this game, I recommend just getting the base game and both expansions right away. Do not start with the base game alone. The expansions add so much more to the game that it would be a crime if you didn't play it the way it was meant to be played. Both Gods & Kings and Brave New World are excellent and essential. Brave New World especially created what was once a very good game into a modern masterpiece. New to the Turn Based Strategy genre? Interested in getting into the Civ series and seeing what all the fuss is about? Get this game, and both Expansions, and you will not be disappointed. Join the CivFanatics forms and start contributing and watching some youtube videos to get the basics.
game-hours: 193.6
review: This game ruined my life.
game-hours: 270.4
review: This is an epic game.
game-hours: 462.8
review: If you've read my review on Super Hexagon, then you'll probably know my thoughts on this game. What do these two games have in common? One word: hexagons. You could say I have a hexagonal fetish of some sort, but I assure you that this is not true. I merely want to dream, sleep, eat, drink, and cuddle with hexagons. If you thought there were a lot of hexagons in Super Hexagon, then you're in store for a suprise when you play Sid Meier's Civilization V. This game has way more hexagons than I could ever imagine. Better yet, there are different colored hexagons: some blue, some green, some brown. There are hexagons with trees on them; there are hexagons with farms on them, and there are even hexagons with cities on them! The effort put into varying the types of hexagons is astonishing. If you ever get tired of looking at one hexagon, then choose a different one. I'm not saying be unfaithful to your hexagon. I'm saying that it's an option if you're that type of person. I think this review covers every single aspect of the game.
game-hours: 164.8
review: Turn based stategy game full of awesome.
game-hours: 443.8
review: An amazing game. Only get it if you have a decent monitor size however, its no fun trying to play on a laptop. So many good mods as well.
game-hours: 118.6
review: Lost so many hours to this game. Not even mad.
game-hours: 27.9
review: A great intro to strategy gaming; has some depth but not to overly complex.
game-hours: 797.3
review: Just one more turn...
game-hours: 101.2
review: I really enjoyed this game. Can't wait for beyond earth.
game-hours: 378.4
review: Over 300 hours playing this game and I still have only seen a portion of the content available. The best turn based, 4X strategy game I have ever played. The expansions are a must as they are literally game changers.
game-hours: 103.5
review: Forward facing time machine. Get in, next thing you know. It's Tuesday!
game-hours: 156.2
review: One of the best strategy games on the market. You will definitely lose hours of your life and you won't even be mad.
game-hours: 5.1
review: GREAT GAME! If you are fans of strategy games, youre in for a treat! Very in depth gameplay but also very easy to pick up. Since it is on sale for the steam sale I say it is a MUST BUY!!!
game-hours: 275.5
review: If you are very complex then this game is for you!! ITS VERY FU**ING GOOD!!!!!!
game-hours: 160.1
review: love it
game-hours: 751.8
review: Great game
game-hours: 91.7
review: omg, just omg
game-hours: 181.5
review: If you enjoy games that get you sucked in and then you realize you've been awake for 48 hours straight playing it.... this is the game for you
game-hours: 397.2
review: Great game! It is kind of a slow game for multiplayer but the single player gameplay is great. I would reccomend this to anyone.
game-hours: 113.7
review: This game is awesome... you should get it
game-hours: 27.0
review: this game is for anyone who whanted to change history in there owned way
game-hours: 162.3
review: good
game-hours: 287.4
review: A massive time killer, well worth every hour given over. Civ 5 is a solid advancement to the series. The expansions are fantastic, though it can take awhile to adjust to new features. Overall a solid investment.
game-hours: 23.4
review: Very nice game
game-hours: 86.7
review: All time classic and favorite. It gets better with every new version and now multiplayer works better than ever. Highly recommend.
game-hours: 102.9
review: Civ is a really in depth awesome game that is so addictive that I can play it for hours and not realize it.
game-hours: 167.5
review: Simply one of the greatest games that was ever made. I am never able to stop playing it.
game-hours: 751.8
review: The pinnacle of Civilization games. It is so good.
game-hours: 49.2
review: What can I say about this game that hasn't already been said. Stay away. It will consume your very being. Your soul. Once, I sat down to play Civ at 9AM in the morning, and when I looked up after a while I noticed that the clock read 10. "Wow, that was a lot of game for a hour!" Too bad it was 10pm. 10/10 Would play again
game-hours: 364.9
review: genocide and cake; in both, we bake
game-hours: 543.1
review: Best Strategy Game there is. Has an amazing replay ability.
game-hours: 375.4
review: Totally worth playing
game-hours: 227.4
review: This game is great if you need something to pass the time. I have spent hours splitting time playing the game and doing something else at the same time. At least on the easier levels, once you ramp of the difficulty you really have to think about what each action you do and it's effects 20 turns in the future. I only wish that the game would work on Directx 11 for me.
game-hours: 99.3
review: .    .            .       .
game-hours: 9.2
review: mhmm yeah it sure is
game-hours: 461.7
review: An awesome turned based strategy game starring some of the world history's great and late leaders*. Fight foreign nations for control of resources and lead your nation to victory via military, cultural, scientific or diplomatic dominance. *Leaders may not be portrayed with any historical accuracy.
game-hours: 137.4
review: Absurdly addictive. 10/10
game-hours: 128.4
review: When I started playing this game, I was a lowly, inexperienced lord to the Japanese Empire. Now, I rule all the land with my good friend, ConstantInfinity. We might have "clashing" playstyles, but it all works out because I'm always right... and not a communist. All in all, excellent game.
game-hours: 99.8
review: Just. One. More. Turn. Seriously. As a person pretty inexperienced with Civilization, I had a lot of fun learning the game. I love how the game play and objectives can change depending on which civilization you decide to pick! There is plently of replayability, and I think both people new and old to the series will find a lot of enjoyment. Picking up the bundle is highly reccomended so you can at least get Gods & Kings along with some DLC.
game-hours: 115.0
review: Not there's not enough people who have reviewed this game at this point but I'll give it a shot. I think the first thing that needs to be known about this game is that it will take up a lot of your time, I mean A LOT. Don't start this game if you have anything else you want to get done in the next several hours. That out of the way, this is one of the best turn based strategy game franchises out there and this game only serves to improve the franchise and the genera! The introduction of hexagonal tiles allows for more interesting movements and strategy. Over all if you are at all considering this game, just pull the trigger, buy it, and watch your life outside it disappear.
game-hours: 142.7
review: Latest edition in the fantastic Civilization series, this one is just as good as the previous ones. Varied victory objectives allow multiple strategies, and the option to play as many different nations with different abilities and units keep you coming back for more. The latest expansion, Gods and Kings, added the much needed religion feature to the game, making it, in my opinion, a complete package.
game-hours: 81.7
review: I'm not going to lie im just reviewing this for some Steam XP. However, this is an amazing game that is fun to play with your friends. It is boardgame-esk in playstyle and can take quite some time. 10/10
game-hours: 31.0
review: Love this GAME
game-hours: 95.5
review: Must have game.
game-hours: 285.8
review: Just add this game to your cart. Then during checkout, choose a friend to receive your gift.... and they will both love you and hate you for the rest of their computer-chair bound life.
game-hours: 89.7
review: Feeling as though i am in a time portal with this game start playing at 8 in the evening and finish at 10am. Could of sworn i was only at the game for an hour!!!
game-hours: 120.9
review: Don't Trust Ghandi/10
game-hours: 1584.7
review: My playing time says it all.
game-hours: 62.1
review: Great game that for once makes me feel so powerful and that nothing can stand in my way. Almost like Adolf Hitler, but I'm not going into all that type of stuff. 9.75/10
game-hours: 238.4
review: This game is more addictive than crack. I will not stop until every hex in the world is MINE! Paint the world!!! Just one more turn...
game-hours: 117.1
review: Its a fun game. Lead civ victory or death. 5 Different victories. Break laws of earth soch as aztecs rule world. No Eygiptians only a few or many civs. Be who inspires you. Personilities based on how they were in real life. Either you canquer the world make world peace or find a new palnet to live on.
game-hours: 4.7
review: It was a great game for the short time I played it. It is much like AOE, but mixed with Risk, it is lots of fun. I'm not so sure it's worth $30, but I'm tempted to get it. I'm getting the demo immediatly. 5/5
game-hours: 38.8
review: :3
game-hours: 17.1
review: I got three things playing this game. Time leap, Joint Stiffness on my hands and waist and a great fun!
game-hours: 406.0
review: So mnay hundreds of hours, greatest game in all history up to its own time
game-hours: 59.4
review: Very good strategy game :)
game-hours: 19.8
review: Great game, one of my favorites in my library.
game-hours: 134.9
review: It's an amazing game
game-hours: 820.4
review: Fantastic game, very well balanced and alot of fun in general. Difficult for begineers to civlization though, there are PLENTY of guides and to my experience just playing on your own your way ends up to be the most fun and addictive gameplay instead of you just using a tactic that everyone else uses and trully "ruining the purpose of learning the game your way, just like any individual shoulf play it, but that's only one man's opinion.It's a Great Game, I have 510Hrs played of it, and i taught myself everything about the game even though it was my first Civ game i had EVER played without using the internet xD.
game-hours: 30.7
review: This is the best stategy/tactics and tremendously complicated game I have ever played. So, if complex stategy is fun for you, you will love this game.
game-hours: 109.5
review: Formed Catholic for Indonesia then met Jersualem. 10/10 best game ever.
game-hours: 155.9
review: Fun and Addicting
game-hours: 226.7
review: Look all I want to do is play the games I purchased not deal with Steam BULL
game-hours: 622.1
review: Great game or greatest game?
game-hours: 3.1
review: Complex and challenging with variable difficulty setting. I have yet to begin getting into this game. It is a good fun challenge.
game-hours: 71.8
review: So addicting, and well time consuming, but it is hard to notice :)!
game-hours: 25.5
review: very good game, hours and hours killed
game-hours: 363.6
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 89.2
review: The bestest!
game-hours: 80.7
review: Great Game for those people that are really into strategy and tactics.
game-hours: 83.7
review: Civ V simultaneously simplifies and adds depth to the long-standing Civ series. With the Brave New World expansion, Civ V is now my favorite Civ game and favorite turn-based strategy game.
game-hours: 40.1
review: Do not buy this game without the other expansions!!! Otherwise very addictive
game-hours: 16.7
review: extremely good, gave me the opportunity to recreate history, i loved!
game-hours: 144.9
review: I've played it for a while and sometimes I have to start over because I like the beginning better than the end. It's a really good turn based strategy, and I really don't like turn based games.
game-hours: 929.7
review: This is an amazing game. The fun never stops!
game-hours: 389.8
review: 10/10 would bang
game-hours: 26.1
review: civilization V- the only place where Genghis Kahn is a peace-lover and Mohandas Gandhi is a war-monger. sums it up pretty well really, anything is possible here. i said to myself i will do homework today to keep on top of things. yep that didn't exactly happen... went on it about 11am, looked up at the clock and it was half 6 in the evening. oops! in all seriousness, one of the best strategy games ever made.
game-hours: 134.0
review: Great! This game makes me want to play whenever I see the Icon. I havent played all "Civs" but i got the whole set of "Civ 5" and I must say that the most of them are real fun, nice balance and the different types of Winning, are a nice change to the other "domination" type games! I reconmend getting this game if you like strategy with nice 3D modeling(as well as 2D) a lot of possibilities to win, Civs and good AI! The price may be high, but for the fun it payed off! (watch out winning has Drug-Like effects! ;P)
game-hours: 34.0
review: ...
game-hours: 105.6
review: Extremely fun game
game-hours: 421.6
review: Spent about 30 hours in a game and realized I should have won it multiple times... looked to see i only had domination on as a victory... 15/10 would play again
game-hours: 383.0
review: It's like meth. Not even once.
game-hours: 909.8
review: It's Civ... if you've played it before you know you'll like it. If not... Do it :)
game-hours: 65.5
review: great 4x game that has a great easy to learn hard to master gameplay style.
game-hours: 240.6
review: Worth it.
game-hours: 277.9
review: This game is great if you like being systematically  by Montezuma/Ghengis Khan/Atilla the Hun/Napoleon. I'd recommend getting Civ V and ALL expansions for the best experience. Before all the expansions, it definately feels like an unreleased game.
game-hours: 713.0
review: I love this game, seriously its a great exercise in thinking, strategy and good old fashioned amusement of historical characters.
game-hours: 69.9
review: Love it.
game-hours: 40.8
review: I have played this game and attempted all victory conditions other than end game (End of game at 2050). And it has been suprisingly fun. ALthough getting the mechanics of this game can be rather difficult for me, as i did not read much in depth when there was a tutorial.
game-hours: 65.4
review: With about 40 hours experience as of this review, I can safely say Civilization was an unexpected addiction upon purchase. Almost everything about the Civilization series seems a bit intimidating to the somewhat-casual gamer like myself, but Civ V makes what would seem to be a long learning process, something closer to a cake-walk. If you're a veteran to the genre, or the franchise itself, you probably know the ins and outs of a game like this. Being fresh meat, I had no idea where to start. The in-game tutorials were not only extremely helpful, but actually helped me feel acquainted with the layout and gameplay, not just something I'd have to go back and refer to within the next 10 minutes. The simple idea of playing as one of your favorite leaders in history was intriguing to me, and at $15 during a sale, I don't think I could have gone wrong. The mod support is excellent; the DLC expansions are great, as they polish the already awesome game. I still have much to learn, and probably still need to play about 30% of the leaders, but I can safely recommend this to anyone who dreams of building the best civilization on earth.
game-hours: 278.8
review: Nuked Delhi.
game-hours: 12.1
review: Another great installation of the Civilization series. Taking what you liked about the last one and making it better whilst adding new mechanics that brings a fresh feeling to the gameplay. Many hours of fun. Would recommend.
game-hours: 15.5
review: cool game man.
game-hours: 127.9
review: Still the best 4x series, V has the on-going refinements that makes it difficult to go back and play 1-4, though I prefer stacking units for combat. The end game is still a bit tedious, especially since the AI is still not very good at automating worker units. I still find limited thrill in non-conquest victory conditions but that may have more to do with my style of play than a deficiency in the design.
game-hours: 628.3
review: Great game!!! Very addicting, very fun.
game-hours: 59.8
review: Best game in the world
game-hours: 193.7
review: A great game to play when you have a few hours of spare time. The fantastic gameplay, as well as Firaxis Games' amazing attention to both detail and historical accuracy, make this edition of Civ it's best yet.
game-hours: 227.1
review: OHHH GOOOOOODDDD FOOORR YOOUUUU!!!
game-hours: 4.1
review: amazing game fully recommend it :)
game-hours: 31.2
review: It's Civ V, what more do I need to say? Buy it on sale.
game-hours: 41.7
review: this game is awesome
game-hours: 0.4
review: Can't start it up most of the time one of the glitchiest games for me and I no longer own it and must re-purchase it because it hates me.
game-hours: 9.8
review: Awesome game. Full of history and interesting gameplay. Tons of achievements, too.
game-hours: 143.3
review: For a research agreement you have to give me 500 gold uranium and oil plus all your gems. 10/10
game-hours: 102.9
review: Before playing civilization I was skeptical about how addictive it was supposed to be, boy was I wrong. Nearly 100 hours in and I'm terrified of starting another game because of the way weekends disappear. I hadn't played the game without its expansions but with them the game feels fluid and complete with early, mid and late game requiring changes to focus and strategy. Highly recommend.
game-hours: 0.3
review: I bought this game's code on Amazon and it won't even open. So, do I reccommend? No. It's a scam and a waste of my money and time.
game-hours: 100.2
review: Sehr Gutes Game
game-hours: 38.1
review: Very good shiet.
game-hours: 63.8
review: Great Fun!
game-hours: 88.1
review: I thought: haven't played this for a while, 20 hours later, i didn't know what happen Worth playing for the infamous "just one more turn" symptom! 11/10
game-hours: 2419.6
review: You can see judging by how many hours I have played that this is one of my favorite games by far. Combined with all the DLCs this game is near perfection. If you like historical realism and turn-based strategy try this game. This game does take a little while to master and can seem a little overwhelming at first. Multiplayer offers a completely different experience than singleplayer and you will have just a blast pitting your strategies against some one elses. However this game suffers from serious multiplayer stability issues that still havent been completely fixed.
game-hours: 83.4
review: This game is good to play with friends and be horrible to them at the same time
game-hours: 44.9
review: great game play, loved it.
game-hours: 638.8
review: Amazing game! Definetly buy if you can, and every DLC they are all awesome. I think that Civilization V + DLC's is better then the new Civilization: beyond earth, and if the DLC's won't do it, try mods! Als epic.
game-hours: 98.7
review: Civ, fr oss lite mer tid
game-hours: 44.1
review: Built a massive military, simultaneously nuked every other country, and took over the world. 10/10.
game-hours: 489.0
review: Going on 300 hours and is no less fun than the day I got it 10/10
game-hours: 123.9
review: What can I really say about this game but... wow. One of my favorites. 119 hours in as of the time of this review
game-hours: 203.3
review: One does not simply play this game for just 30 minutes
game-hours: 69.5
review: Love it. Just Love it. So in depth. I played this game in a free trial when Beyond Earth came out, and I couldn't stop playing it. I now have to wait until Christmas before the next big sale until I will get the game, and I am dying. I might not survive... If you have the money, get it.
game-hours: 158.5
review: pretty good game! No formal tutorial. an RTS game that focuses more on economy and less on warfare
game-hours: 36.9
review: Civilization 5 is a great game, it will have you saying just one more turn every turn you want to stop playing, One of the best stategy games that I have ever played. A very immersive game, that I highly reccomend to any strategy game fan.
game-hours: 123.3
review: Russia got a diplomatic victory. 10/10
game-hours: 164.1
review: Apart from Skyrim, this game is one of the top 3 reasons I got into PC gaming. I love everything about it and feel like it could never get old. As much time as I have put into it, I feel like I have only skimmed the surface of what I believe is one of the best games ever made. One more turn will be a though that crosses your mind constantly and on into the hours of the morning. If you're into strategy, get this game immediately. My only complaint is the loading times, but that is my only complaint.
game-hours: 14.4
review: Pretty fun game.
game-hours: 121.3
review: 10/10 Nuked by Gandhi
game-hours: 360.5
review: Great Turn based strategy
game-hours: 40.5
review: This game is yet another golden egg given to us by Sid Meier. His skill at crafting these beautiful games is unmatched. I recomend this game to anyone who loves strategy or any casual gamer.
game-hours: 75.6
review: fantastic game, only gripe with it is the ammount of time you can lose in one setting to it
game-hours: 41.3
review: Dropping nukes and atomic bombs as Gandhi is deeply satisfying
game-hours: 42.3
review: I love this game and if you think about buying it you should because it is fun and that you can play some many people it to a game worth getting.
game-hours: 294.7
review: This game, along with both the expansion packs, is as close to perfect as you can get. 'Nuff said.
game-hours: 59.6
review: I've slowly built my civilization up from scratch, From the tending of cattle, growing of wheat, felling of trees to the harvesting of uranium, oil and metals. I've befriended civilizations, Betrayed others. I've traded, Researched, Explored and battled my way through the years, From a bow and arrow to an attack helicopter, Shields and spears to armored tanks and heavy artillery. I've built wonders, that will forever be rememberd. Fought battles that have changed the future. Civilization V is probably one of my alltime favourite games, and by far the most time consuming one. You find you telling yourself "Just one more turn, Then i'll head to bed", Only to find yourself at 8am still trying to evade the nuclear warlord, Ghandi. I can't say I've said this about a game of this value before, But this more than worth it's price. I've spent almost 37 hours on this game, And I haven't even completed a single match yet. Multiplayer is awesome, Though finding servers to join is a little hard. I would recommend checking through some steam groups for willing players. (or a friend) If you're looking for a great timekiller, I would highly recommend buying this game! And if you're awesome, Get it for your friend so you can play multiplayer :) Happy Gaming!
game-hours: 39.1
review: an awesome game that has been loved for ages through all the games it has
game-hours: 354.0
review: Civ 5 is a fun game but unplayable in mp because of bugs developers are too lazy to fix. This should not be a full price game with 95% of its core player group who enjoy multiplayer that cant play
game-hours: 332.6
review: Great Game. I have played a few of the Civ games and liked them to varying degrees. Civ 5 though has probably the best all around game play though. I thoroughly enjoy both the long and short run games. The Workshop makes the game even more fun. I also highly recommend all the DLCs as they add a lot of unique features that increase the playability of the game and various scenarios that can be quite challenging
game-hours: 1055.7
review: This is an amazing game... it trains your brain. Ans also the graphics are stunning for this type of game. It's a turn-on!!!
game-hours: 92.0
review: This game has taught me one thing; if Ghandi can't peacefully protest, he'll initiate thermonucleur war. 10/10 for murderous Ghandi.
game-hours: 144.5
review: I can't stop playing... ...please help me...
game-hours: 211.3
review: Love this game to bits, but.... Alexander: You are settling near us, stop it! 2 turns later Alexander of Greece has founded Corinth! *Looks for corinth* Corinth is right below Kyoto
game-hours: 128.7
review: The best Civilization game yet! Lot's of annoying micro management removed to make the game much more simplistic (In a good way), countless improvements, plenty of DLC, built in Mods Database, lot's of Civilizations to play all with unique units. Favourite CIV game to date. :P
game-hours: 106.3
review: I completly forgot to vote on election day because of this game. Thanks Obama/10
game-hours: 219.7
review: Highly addicting and lots of fun. You really need to put your planning skills to work in this crown jewel of the series.
game-hours: 87.0
review: france declared war on me because i wouldnt insult russia 8/8 m8
game-hours: 57.6
review: One of my favorite turn-based strategy games. This is one of those games that you can play over and over and it will never get stale. Some of my favorite features include different ways of winning the game, all the civilizations you can play as and compete against, and of course the multiplayer. If you are thinking about purchasing it, make sure to buy the complete edition! Well worth the few extra dollars when on sale.
game-hours: 8.0
review: This is a awsome game I recomend you buy it.
game-hours: 62.5
review: This game is a great if you like the genre. It is easy to learn, even if you haven't played any other games in the Civilization series.
game-hours: 86.6
review: This game is incredible! Great gameplay, great enemies, just watch out for that ******* Ghandi, because he will nuke you into oblivion.
game-hours: 224.7
review: 69/10
game-hours: 231.3
review: Friend introduced me to this game and have played 150 hours of it, crazy for this game and can't wait to get civ BE and for civ VI
game-hours: 87.7
review: It is a really great game and i love it but i was looking at DLCs and i found the packet for 50$ (American) and i got so mad at myself because i realized that there was the packet i could have bought instead so pretty much wasted 30 dollars on the basic game when i could have bought the packet. So this is more to the owners of steam to make something where you can return a game and get your money back. If there is please email me to tell me where it is so i can get the packet instead of buying the packet on top of the basic game i have already downloaded. Please
game-hours: 33.4
review: Best 4x4 game ever.
game-hours: 52.1
review: ITS GOT ALL THE TURNSSSSS!!!!!!!
game-hours: 156.7
review: good game
game-hours: 296.0
review: Hours and hours of fun
game-hours: 501.2
review: Turn based 4x strategy at its best!
game-hours: 153.0
review: oh yeah
game-hours: 350.5
review: Now I hate all of my friends, but still play with them anyways. 10/10
game-hours: 98.2
review: dont play if youre going to bed its a trap 10/10
game-hours: 550.7
review: This game is so addicting... just a sec gotta finish my turn first.... It's absolutely amazing, it's the best game I've ever played :D (to my opinion then)
game-hours: 67.2
review: Fun. Time wasting Fun. Haven't slept for days. Gandhi is a mutherwarmonger. Destroy him asap or face anger in the most horrific ways. Highly recommend, but only when Gandhi is defeated. 10/10, but only when Gandhi is dead. Fuc him and Napoleon.
game-hours: 767.1
review: This game has an unrivaled ability to take all of your attention. You feel immersed by how you have to take land from your neighbors while maintaining high happiness. You will learn how to multitask so many different parts of your empire and how to balance building for the future and building for the present.
game-hours: 134.3
review: Great game, I've already put a 100+ hours on this game. Its replay value is very high after playing one match your interested to see how another civs plays. By that time you want to try a game as every civ in the game! With some of the add-ons like brave new world and gods and kings this game becomes very enjoyable and interesting.
game-hours: 281.5
review: civilzation strikes again. hours of game play.
game-hours: 58.9
review: Massive. Amazing. Simply... Exceptional. "Wait, just one more turn.." 9.4/10 ~ Curious Cat
game-hours: 7.0
review: it's a good game, aka good setup,good gameplay and.....yeah,just play it already will ya
game-hours: 154.4
review: This is a very good entry-level strategy game for new players in the genre. It is not complicated, has simplistic yet fun combat, and provides enough depth to satisfy veterans. In other words: New players, veterans, and people of all ages will enjoy this game. This is supported by the hotseat feature, which makes it very easy to play with others who don't have a computer on hand, such as a young cousin or sibling. By default, when starting a new game you will start off in the Ancient Era and your nation will, over many hours, develop up into modern times and past that. You develop your nation's economy, military, and expand it's borders at home and overseas. So, in a nutshell: It's a game where you run and expand an empire, nicely put into an easy to learn package.
game-hours: 779.5
review: Great game, but super unstable in multiplayer
game-hours: 105.5
review: Must Play ...... Seriously????, Help Me Am Addicted :( :).
game-hours: 50.2
review: This is based on a game where you can expand you can kill and you can recruit
game-hours: 3860.8
review: Excellent successor to CIV 4, not difficult to learn. Patches and expansions vastly improved the gameplay. Total  when it first came out, but is now truely awesome. mods are fun too and witty achievements. - A.I was improved, but is still unreasonable and unpredicable. Will denounce you for dubious reasons and it it impossible to negotiate trade when they are anything less than neutral. - A.I will scoop World Wonders from under your feet, HUGE PISS OFF!!! -Being more or as aggressive as the A.I. will really hurt you internationally.
game-hours: 81.8
review: By far one of the best strad games out there.
game-hours: 77.0
review: Oh Civilization V....There's too much to say honestly. If you've played the board game RISK before, this is a much more detailed version of that with options other than military domination to lead to victory. If you haven't played RISK, then this is more like a very complicated version of Chess where what you do off the Chess board matters too. And if you haven't played either of those...this game probably isn't for you. Civilization V is a turn-based strategy game at it's core, and it is damn good at what it does. However, I do not personally reccommend to purchase this without it's DLC bundle, as the main game by itself, doesn't have quite the kick and a lot changes with the DLC additions. I give this game a 9 / 10. Definitely worth the pick up if you like strategy or turn-based games.
game-hours: 120.8
review: Highly addictive game with lots of strategic possibilties. Scenarios are fun, but so is developing a unique civilization as you progress through history, particularly when competing with friends.
game-hours: 53.5
review: I love this game... so... much... must make army... must nuke... must keep playing for hours
game-hours: 58.3
review: Best buy of recent times!
game-hours: 105.8
review: Perhaps the most immersive strategy/tactical game I've ever played. Sometimes I think I'm bored of it, then I check the list of addons and mods. Great game, great community, just be ready to spend A LOT of hours on this.
game-hours: 1023.6
review: The concept of time does not exist when u play this game. 100/10
game-hours: 214.0
review: Civ V is a fantastic strategy game. Plenty of depth with nearly unlimited replayability. Definitely worth a look if your into taking over the world.
game-hours: 328.5
review: One of the greatest if not the best round based strategy game out there. Be whoever you want to be. A cruel dictator, a merciful king or even Gandhi. Multiple options of victory and a coop mode. Go and grab it! 9/10
game-hours: 138.0
review: Just One more Turn
game-hours: 293.9
review: This game has sucked away more hours of my life than any other game. I find myself returning to play Civ V often as it has incredible replay value. Every game is different because of tweaks you can make before starting the game and because of the incredible amount of choices and actions you can take during the game. Every expansion added new and interesting content, especially the Brave New World expansion which added some of the most interesting civs and great balancing and improvements to many game mechanics.
game-hours: 68.3
review: The game is a blast in multiplayer. I highly recommend this game for groups of friends to play.
game-hours: 387.3
review: It is very fun but they matches can take a while
game-hours: 535.7
review: I'll just play one more turn, I swear... well Alexander declared war, I guess I'll just nip this in the bud before I go to bed... I mean at this point I might as well go for the captial... Ooooh the world congress is coming up in 30 turns... wait it's 6AM.
game-hours: 427.4
review: this is an awesome game
game-hours: 187.3
review: Best game ever if you want a game to eat up large chunks of your life and make 6 hours seem like 5 minutes then this is the game for you,.
game-hours: 53.9
review: Its better to play with friends, unless they take forever, then snapchat them your testicle
game-hours: 209.0
review: This is my favorite game of all time. I really like how the game is based off history, but it makes it fun.
game-hours: 12.6
review: Great game!
game-hours: 27.2
review: there is nothing to say, this game is awesome.
game-hours: 179.5
review: Most efficient way to waste time without even realizing it. 10/10 would waste entire day again.
game-hours: 78.7
review: This is possibly the only game I could sit down and play for hours by myself. Can't reccomend it enough.
game-hours: 27.0
review: I need to play this game more. Once you get into it's very addictive! I'm glad I got it!
game-hours: 24.8
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V is an awesome turn-based strategy game, you'll be playing it for hours. Highly recommended for those who are struggling to find a game that is very adictive and worth your time (Just a heads up when going through the tutorial, you should play up to a time where you think you understand the game enough to create a new world for you can not save your tutorial World). Have fun. ;)
game-hours: 168.4
review: Fantastic game of stratagy as you build an empire. My only complaint is that I sometimes don't realize how long I've been playing... Great way to spend a day!
game-hours: 56.8
review: I started a game, and by the time it was over the weekend was over. Also  Gandhi.
game-hours: 233.5
review: 10/10 will lose days...
game-hours: 69.3
review: nuked someone 10/10
game-hours: 245.7
review: !
game-hours: 306.8
review: 10/10 would invade and raze again
game-hours: 528.9
review: This game is great.The first few games I played were difficult and confusing, but once I got the DLC, I started pulling all-nighters. If you want a game to challenge you, play this one.
game-hours: 24.7
review: Its awsome
game-hours: 528.8
review: Vanilla is adequate. Gods & Kings is useless (included in BNW). Brave New World is great. The mods, however, define the reason why I love this game. Pro - Purchase it and see how quickly 5:30pm turns into 4:45am. Con - Purchase it and see how quickly 5:30pm turns into 4:45am. Con - Mods disable achievements (understandable).
game-hours: 475.7
review: Infact one of my favorite games, This game lets you customize your own empire through power or diplomancy. Even science and culture. However without the God's and Kings and Brave New World expansions (also Babylon) The game gets boring. However with the 2 expansions the game is a masterpeice. CIV5 Vanilla: 5/10 CIV5 Expansions: 10/10 (Also Buy Complete instead of paying for DLC'S later, 50$ for complete yet around 100$ for all the DLC sepreatly)
game-hours: 14.7
review: How to lost your social life and mental health.
game-hours: 108.8
review: Very cool, Very swag. I like it...
game-hours: 214.5
review: IT IS AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 129.7
review: this is just another review about how ghandi is a *%$@ passing through 69/666 would nuke again
game-hours: 44.1
review: Addictive.
game-hours: 295.7
review: I absolutely love this game. The DLC's are great, and there are some terrific mods out there. A lot of fun for a very long time. 10/10. Would play again. I just can't even. Only odd.
game-hours: 644.9
review: Best game ever. I can play this all over with excitement which is rare, and also problematic. 9.7/10
game-hours: 188.3
review: This game sucks and is pointless but is somewhat fun to play when it's challenging.
game-hours: 206.3
review: Gandhi, everyone's favorite worldwide peacemaker and activist, Nuked the world in my first game. 14/10
game-hours: 47.4
review: Amazing game, probably will get the complete now that the summer sale has happend, get the complete!!!
game-hours: 49.0
review: If you haven't picked this game up, buy it. It is a turn based strategy game that will have you "One more turn..." for hours!
game-hours: 50.8
review: Excellent Strategy Game, Definitely Worth a try! (Watch out for derpy AI tho)
game-hours: 644.4
review: The only game I've run into where you need to commit a significant portion of your life to play. Played one game and by the time I looked up I had aged 5 years.
game-hours: 30.1
review: 10/10 game of the year
game-hours: 117.3
review: There are mods you can download for the game. There are lots of fun game enhancing DLC's . You can waste so much time on a single campaign or you can play the scenarios. This game makes you use your brain instead of just reacting quickly. This game can be quite challenging given you put it on one of the higher difficulties. And it is very addictive. Probably an 8.5\10 And there is a new one coming this next year.
game-hours: 213.6
review: Fun!
game-hours: 258.6
review: One of my first games here on steam a year or so ago and I can't get enough. Whenever I'm bored I can just start a game and before I know it, 4 hours have gone by. It is really addicting and while I enjoy early game the most (my mac has a hard time handling later game turns) it feels so good to crush all opponents or lead your civ into space.
game-hours: 103.2
review: Great game highly recommended
game-hours: 87.0
review: Yes, this game will remind true fans of Minecraft. Build, fight, and become king of the world.
game-hours: 417.0
review: I can love my Cahokia.
game-hours: 114.6
review: As you can see at my profile - i played just 3 hours, so, you can ask me "Why did you write this rewiew? Go f*ck yourself!" But please!.. I played this game for a long time, but in a profile of my best friend, it's not very important!.. So, what can i tell you about this game? Does this game can be so expensive? Does this game can have a DLC? Yes, of course! This game is awesome! I can make the great revolution in Korea! I can build a pyramide in Russia! This is f*cking awesome! More better than other strategy games (beside a Supreme Commander 2)! I reccomend this game for all people and gamers at this world! Really! It's true! P.S. DLC with Korea is awesome! :3
game-hours: 89.1
review: Solid work from Sid Meier. Expansions make for constantly updating game mechanics; so you'll have to learn how to play all over again.
game-hours: 543.5
review: Great game. Love it.
game-hours: 105.3
review: It's a Firaxis game!
game-hours: 221.5
review: seriously... this game was made by the devil to make people have so much fun they forget to go to bed, and then church, and then just one more turn...
game-hours: 183.8
review: It is a fun and strategic game
game-hours: 23.0
review: Historical Fiction: Yes Famous World Leaders: Yes Interdependant Trade: Yes As many bugs as Skyrim: No
game-hours: 67.1
review: good
game-hours: 94.7
review: This game is my time machine! Enter and play for 10 minute, after exit the game, instead of 10 minutes, 10 hours already past~~~ With great mods community for this game, the replay value increased+ With lots of way to end the game, the replay value increased+ Too bad, after play a while, I realised some civs are pre-set to win early, some civs are pre-set to auto win if u not harass them early But still, replay value, and magical time sink mechanic, every money u spent for this game -> worth it
game-hours: 126.9
review: Amazing strategy game spent tons of time playing this game.
game-hours: 661.9
review: If you want a game to waste your time in get this game.
game-hours: 205.3
review: Me and my friends have had hours of fun playing civ!
game-hours: 28.9
review: great
game-hours: 562.6
review: its pretty good
game-hours: 23.9
review: I may never stop playing this... I needed food. Food is all that is left to distract me. So by all means, buy this!
game-hours: 42.2
review: not as good as civ iv, way too simplified
game-hours: 106.5
review: I bought some games so far from the Steam Summer Sale, but I can't stop playing this.
game-hours: 32.6
review: Addicitve as hell.
game-hours: 46.7
review: This game is awesome! :D <3
game-hours: 888.2
review: Great game, worth the money, keep you busy for weeks...
game-hours: 47.2
review: It's good if you enjoy turn based games. At first I didn't care for it, after a second try I enjoyed myself immensely.
game-hours: 140.7
review: They did not give me the gold i desired. I nuked them. 10/10
game-hours: 923.7
review: Even after 850+ hours I still love this game! If I want a simple time sink or a super stressful tactical slug fest I can find it here. I would suggest this for all ages by the way.
game-hours: 98.5
review: If you like Gandhi, you will like this game
game-hours: 379.2
review: Best Civ game yet!
game-hours: 106.7
review: one more turn then I'll write the reccomendation.
game-hours: 310.2
review: I've spent alot of time in this game and it is fantastic, 5 stars, i only wish you could stack units but i understand why they chenged it I really havent played any of the other ones but this one is great if me and my friends had the time i would bplay more but the singleplayer is still tons of fun. I would recomend this to a friend!
game-hours: 193.9
review: This game is probably one of the best games I've ever played! It is probably one of the best strategy ever made that is why it get's a 10/10 from me! :D
game-hours: 29.4
review: this game will keep you playing one more turn...one more turn...one more turn...unil you have no time left in the day. love it. (p.s. ghandi you suck)
game-hours: 63.6
review: Over time it gets easier, but at first its hard. I like to keep it slow and just play a little bit everyday.
game-hours: 1453.7
review: One of the best games I have ever played
game-hours: 355.6
review: Liked the other Civilization games? This one follows the same basics but with new rules. I think its an upgrade but a lot has changed from Civ 4.
game-hours: 67.3
review: Only game where a peaceful man nukes you, and The Vatican supplies tanks to your enemy, 10/10
game-hours: 12.1
review: good does what it says
game-hours: 4.1
review: Awesome time Waster
game-hours: 148.0
review: wonderful waste of time. Takes a long time for the game to end but it is glouriously frustrating.
game-hours: 185.9
review: Ridiculously fun, loads of add-on content, insane replayability, there's just so much i love about this game
game-hours: 27.5
review: Not as fun and flexible as earlier iterations, in part due to style of play. I do love the touch screen support for when I'm playing on my Surface Pro 2 though.
game-hours: 212.8
review: Pros: A game with great strategic and tactical depth that will provide hundreds of hours of entertainment. One of the best games currently available on Steam. Cons: There's a very long list of minor bugs and issues. The AI is extremely weak. It's a long time between turns in the late game, and loading games is very slow. It's not a good game without the expansions.
game-hours: 946.4
review: This game is the spawn of Satan which is why it is so addictive and fun. I hate the "last turn" syndrome. OMG THE NEW ONE IS COMING OUT IN A COUPLE WEEKS!!!!
game-hours: 482.0
review: Go for gold and/or faith. For gold and faith are the two great movers of man!
game-hours: 169.6
review: This game will challenge your perception of yourself. Starting as Gandhi does not stop me from unleashing nuclear armageddon upon the rest of the world. What's wrong with me? 10/10
game-hours: 258.9
review: My go to Strat game, brilliant, deep, playable. Just grab it.
game-hours: 361.8
review: Muhteem bir oyun
game-hours: 299.4
review: You will need all the DLCs to realy enjoy this (not the maps silly, the game mechanic changeing ones) or it will only be 4/10. I am no fan of the new combat system so for me its an overall 8/10. No must havebut a lot of fun, 3 and 4 are still better imo.
game-hours: 231.0
review: This is a great game, But it takes a lot of time to complete a game. And playing with friends is sometimes a nightmare because you have to finish the game online or meet each other in real life to finish the game. would rate 8 out of 10.
game-hours: 312.9
review: No kill streaks, piece of  game, 10/10.
game-hours: 117.7
review: SUPER FUN GAME 10/10
game-hours: 26.7
review: Very fun if you enjoy 4X games. Personally, I think its very fun.
game-hours: 33.5
review: Fun game
game-hours: 73.1
review: Civ 5 without DLCs is clearly bad compare to Civ 4. But with the DLCs it's just awesome. We have all good things of Civilization with the better battle system ever (Cities can defend alone, the range units have really range, just one unit per case... so need new strategy for tis game) Finally available on Linux ! So 100/100 for me
game-hours: 151.8
review: A very good and Engaging game, Warning!! Multiplayer may destroy friendships!
game-hours: 256.2
review: It's noice.
game-hours: 97.0
review: Don' expect to sleep...
game-hours: 2561.8
review: best strategy game
game-hours: 181.6
review: It you like Turn Based Strategy...You'll love this. It takes sometime to get use to the play, but it will keep you playing til the very end and then youll realize that you have been playing for 6-10 hours
game-hours: 15.7
review: One of my favorite turn-based strategy games. It's very pretty and has a bajillion diffferent difficulty levels so you can choose what's right for you.
game-hours: 499.4
review: It took two expansions for this game to really shine as a 4x gaming experience. Trade routes, ideologies, tourism, and the global 'community' all play an interesting role now that add some much-needed dynamism to the game. It's biggest weakness is the AI, from constantly offering terrible trade offers and begging for free stuff, to asking you to go to war and then calling you a warmonger after you satisfied their request. Tactics-wise, the AI needs a full generational military advantage or more to really bring the pain, and rarely understand how to siege a city without large numbers of troops. I would recommended playing with as many human players as possible. Overall, an addictive game that has drained many quality years of my life.
game-hours: 131.1
review: This game is the strategy game equivalent of crack
game-hours: 26.1
review: Gandhi won't let me complete a game not worth the money.
game-hours: 51.5
review: Mama told me to get the cultural victory, but I didn't listen; I got that military victory. Burn baby burn. 10/10
game-hours: 41.0
review: Super addictive, I have spent way too much time playing this game!
game-hours: 221.2
review: A very good game indeed
game-hours: 82.2
review: this a great stragic game that is less stressful than most games
game-hours: 612.1
review: This game is like digital crack
game-hours: 320.9
review: Start up CIv, get own by gandhi, uninstall civ and cry. 99/10
game-hours: 701.9
review: I simply cannot get enough of this game. I play very often and for long periods at a time. In my opinion, it is the best thing I have ever played, and I have played a lot. I love the concept, the ideas, the execution, and all the many things that go into this game. I preach the gospel of Civilization V to all of my friends. I'm not the best at explaining why I like it though, so you should really just try it out for yourself.
game-hours: 84.5
review: Love Civ V! Unlimited replayability, great modding community and endless hours of fun!
game-hours: 52.3
review: Best game is best.
game-hours: 50.4
review: CONQUER SHIZ!!
game-hours: 260.4
review: Would be nice to have more customization options like in Civ4, but the UI and overall display, particularly the icons, are exponentially better and make the game much easier to navigate.
game-hours: 65.8
review: One of the greatest turn based strategy games ever made
game-hours: 0.2
review: eh
game-hours: 164.5
review: Litteraly the best thing
game-hours: 88.7
review: This game has endless hours of content. A single game can last for days. Its almost imposible to run out of things to do. I highly reomend this game!
game-hours: 407.1
review: I started my empire in the year 4000bc. through thousands of years of building, dominating and advancing,my people made great works of art and crafted buildings for the gods. i made it to modern times and led the world through scientific advance. then through 6 thousands years of advancment my people started to build a rocket to colonize new worlds. just as our great people set out to find the wonders of the universe and discover the untold secrets of life, i got nuked by ghandi and lost.
game-hours: 89.1
review: Great game... More fun with friends, but taking over the world and nuking everyone doesnt get much better.
game-hours: 27.7
review: This is a really fun game, pure and simple.
game-hours: 77.4
review: Amazeballs!
game-hours: 89.8
review: GOOD
game-hours: 203.9
review: CIv 5 is a great turn base strategy game, where you build an empire, and fight others or be peaceful and try to avoid war with others, or be a person that expands there country.
game-hours: 223.7
review: Awesome turn-based strategy with loads of DLC, definetely one worth playing!
game-hours: 30.6
review: As addicting to me as Civ 2 was back in college. I think about it, I dream about it, and I totally don't trust Napoleon.
game-hours: 40.9
review: One of the best games on the market at the moment. Can run on low end machines and looks fantastic on high end ones. If you don't have it, I suggest you pick up the Gold Edition to add to your collection.
game-hours: 911.4
review: Great game! I love the new hex system.
game-hours: 215.2
review: A highly addictive game that you'll have difficulty putting down at the end of the day. Even the quickest matches take several hours to complete. Don't fool yourself into thinking that's bad, though! The more you learn about how to play this amazing simulation game, the harder it is to keep track of the hours passing by. Just...one more turn...
game-hours: 193.3
review: in has minor flaws but its an otherwise perfect game
game-hours: 97.2
review: I went on at 10am and did'nt come off until 6pm. It's that addictive!
game-hours: 66.1
review: good game. take time. should just get complete edition.
game-hours: 73.6
review: Couldn't find a better way to avoid revision.
game-hours: 10.3
review: Ghandi is the root of all evil. I took his city just because he pissed me off.
game-hours: 438.3
review: This is seriously the best game ever. Get the complete edition for cheap while you can. You won't regret it.
game-hours: 989.4
review: This game is slowly ruining my life, one turn at a time. I wouldn't have it any other way
game-hours: 257.8
review: Two huge thumbs up, especially for the Complete Edition. Civ V offers limitless playability as well as an incredibly fun and in-depth experience. Games will take a long- time and you will love every second. Play against your friends over the (quite solid) multiplayer to make the experience even more fun. Dominate other cultures, rush whatever technologies you see fit, get nuked by Gandhi, nuke your city-state allies... Civ gives you the freedom to be as much of an  to the rest of the world as you want. Or you could be a nice guy and win a diplomatic victory (BORRRRING). I suggest trying to buy the game while it is on sale (Summer Sale is a GREAT option, but it's been on sale twice in the past year) as it is a little pricey. If you have to pay the full $50 for the Complete Edition, however, it is STILL WORTH IT. Really amazing game, 10/10.
game-hours: 422.1
review: I have spent far too much time on this game, simply because I enjoy the style of gameplay. After many times of playing it becomes slightly monotonous, but it is still highly enjoyable thanks to the different environments and opponents. I would still recomend this game, due to the fun I had conquerring other civilizations.
game-hours: 459.2
review: I play this game so much I generally ignore my husbadn and cute kitties because I have to keep taking turns.
game-hours: 425.9
review: This game has never ending fun and every game you will want to say just one more turn. You can't find another game like it!
game-hours: 458.1
review: ghandi 2014
game-hours: 259.2
review: I love the civilization series, and Civ V is a great game to add to the series!
game-hours: 10.4
review: Ayy lmao, this game yer, is one of de_hecticest gameys that ive played, it is full on with explosions and gunfire. I might even join the war sometime because of this gamym. 8/8 m8
game-hours: 94.6
review: its digital crack man
game-hours: 311.8
review: One of the best games of all time. Heres what happens in most games, 1. get a good start as rome. 2. get everything destroyed by barberians 3. meet the same person you have met in EVERY game 4. meet atilla. 5. ask yourself 20 times "are you kiddding me? atilla?" 6. ask yourself again "why atilla why?!?!" 7. either quit there or say that the 4 mountain tiles will protect you from atilla even though they wont. 8. get through the renaissance and industrial in what seems like 10 turns 9. get some stupid ai offering one iron and a horse for gems, 6 oil, and dyes and you offer a more fair dead and the ai says thier deal is "very fair" -_- 10.make the mistake to focus on culture and get into a war and lose a city. 11. have venice take your only ally away. 12. have an ai "covet land you currently own" even though you are nowhere near him. 13. have an ai settle a city in that wasteland right next to your capital. 14. make the mistake of completing one of your spaceship parts before building all of them. 15. ghandi declares war on you just to nuke you. 16. you forgot about atilla, hes guarded with you, his face pops up, hes mad... you lose half of your cities... 17. you're 2 turns away from winning a science vicory, korea wins... 18.realize its 2 am 19. downlaod a mod that removes atilla. 20. repeat 10/10 would cry after seeing atilla again
game-hours: 401.5
review: I've logged 250+ hours on this game and that's still noob status. Maybe someday I will see my family again, but the war rages on and there are lands not under my grasp. Just one more turn...
game-hours: 765.4
review: One of the greatest games of all time, a true masterpiece. It manages to harness the wonder and awe or human history whilst presenting it in a ridculously fun game. 10/10
game-hours: 182.6
review: Never really liked civilization, then 4 came out and I was like "Okay... this is enjoyable" but then Civ 5 came out, daaaamn son, I was impressed, I was actually really having fun with a turn-based strategy game, wonderful mechanics, wonderful engine and amazing graphics, also nice modding community 9/10
game-hours: 60.6
review: You can build the great wall of china, in britain, Not historically accurate but it's awesome. I love this game it doean't have the massive scale of Total War but it's much more simple, and you can make a lot of choices ranging from, how smart you want the other civilizations to be to how much yummy yummy iron you want in your area. It's great!
game-hours: 434.3
review: an excellent game spoiled badley by the fact that it crashes more than a zx80 on a warm day !
game-hours: 657.5
review: Awsome game.
game-hours: 144.5
review: 50 Hours into your latest save, all is going well. Only 3 leaders left Gandhi, Caesar and Washington. you draft an 'end game' plan in your mind, you will make friends with Gandhi (for obvious reasons he's chill) then procede to befriend Caesar. Then you will take out Washington because he is a  and did not accept an open border agreement 3000 years prior HE MUST PAY. 20 turns later all is going to plan, we are now on Washingtons doorstep, Gandhi and Caesar appear to love and probably fear your superpower nation. All we need to do is eliminate the pesky Americans and ith all our military now on American soil this should not take long. Then after the swift invasion of America we will make a vote for world peace at the U.N (in rome of course) with our new found Indian and Roman brethren it is a sure win! But all of a sudden the distant droning of nuclear sirens start, quickly they become louder and louder, "what is this!?" you think to yourself, a false alarm? You shrug it off maybe Caesae bombing a city state. The game pauses... Gandhi appears on the screen, with a sinister grin he shouts "WAR" in your face. Only seconds after you see a gut wrenching sight. The camera focuses on a nuclear submarine stationed just off the coast of your pride and joy, the capital of your glorious nation. You then hear a rumble, just seconds after a nuclear warhead emerges from the previously hidden submarine, you realise it is too late... you can only watch as the missle closes in. As your city goes up in a giant cloud there are short lived screams from your beloved people, then silence. Before what had just occurred had sunk in, before you could make rescue efforts to save your much loved citizens the humming of quiet engines fall upon your ears. Suddenly countless 'stealth bombers' appear seemingly out of no where, soon the sky is blackened by planes, the game falls almost silent only the whistle of falling bombs remains. You faint from the shock of what is unfolding. You awake shortly after, Gandhi is still flattening what remains of your once prosperous empire, now with 'giant death robots' making the most of his seemingly never ending turn. As Gandhi clinically and relentlessly razes what's left of your broken nation all you can do is weep, your people hacked down in their prime and your glorious nation so mighty just minutes before has just been been all but eliminated in 1 turn. Why oh why did you turn of autosave? did it really speed your game up? was it worth it? Ghandi is a complete , he acts like your friend but WILL nuke the  out of you if even the slightest oppurtunity presents itself. 10/10
game-hours: 2601.2
review: I only played a little but it was fun.
game-hours: 316.9
review: It's like crack. You keep telling yourself 'just one more turn'. but then you realize you've been sitting in your underwear for for 36 hours and you've forgotten to check on your wife who gave birth to your baby last night.
game-hours: 3979.9
review: Made me obsessed, destroyed my social life, gave me and irrational fear of Gandhi. and made me invest countless hours into destroying civilizations. 12/10 potatoes
game-hours: 126.6
review: -playing as the US -explores and finds siam -befriends siam -finds greece -greece is a  and invades -gets in a war with greece -takes 2 greek cities and returnes the rest -greece is happy -sails to new lands and finds all other nations -befirends russia and china -gets in a foolish war with siam not knowing that every nation exept china and russia is friends with siam -feels sad because everyone hates me -makes peace with siam because im feeling guilty for being a warmonger -people start being nice to me -feels happy, only germany and arabia are guarded, everyone else is friendly -china asked me to declaire war on arabia even though he has done nothing to me -I decline because Ive decided to be an example to the civilized world -china declares war on and denounces me -germany declares war on me -every nation on earth exept for russia declaires war on me -me and russia vs. the world -I have 3 nukes and no one else has any -cant make myself use them -steamroll enemy city states south of me -steamroll greece to the north -steamroll native american settlements on some islands near me -siam discovers urainum -siam is confirmed to have nuclear power plant -must stop siam from getting nukes -US gunships race to punch a hole in siams defences -all reserve units are embarked for the invasion with destroyer escorts -gunships meet uber heavy resistance -invasion due in 2 turns -russia is being cut off from US aid -sends paratroopers to break the siege of moscow -fails due to being outnumbered 20:1 -D-Day in siam -steamrolls siam until only capital left -no sign of atomic weapons -100,000 troops surrounding the capital -air raid sirens -siam nukes himself four times along with most of my troops -paras mop up and capture the capital -sad music -all other nations in shock -we mourn our fallen troops -all nations make peace in the next 4 turns -we all are sad -decides war must end for good -changes course for diplomatic victory -starts work on UN -becomes allies with 19 city states -all nations live in realitive peace -finishes UN -wins vote -wins game 10/10 no feels like this in a game before.
game-hours: 14.1
review: When Gandhi or Ethiopia comes to your doorstep with gifts of gold, dyes, and ivory, take my advice. Ready all your tanks and nukes, arm them, AND SHOOT THEM LIKE YOUR LIFE DEPENDS ON IT. They are evil, traitorous demons. NEVER TRUST THEM. However, Genghis Khan is my best friend. He came up to me and was all like, "De full do bu la chi mendo." And I said, "Okay! Let's be friends!" I can never understand that guy, but something about our relationship just works. Ghandi Hating Simulator 2014 11/10
game-hours: 51.1
review: You'll decide to play for an hour and you'll realize four days later that your wife left you, but you're so close to killing that scumbag Gandhi that it doesn't even matter. 20/10
game-hours: 152.8
review: Never. Trust. Ghandi.
game-hours: 40.9
review: Don't attempt to play this before going to bed.
game-hours: 444.1
review: Say goodbye to your life.
game-hours: 42.2
review: Addicting game. Start playing at your own risk. With all the different modes, characters and goals there's no way to run out of things to do in this game. But beware of Ghandi!
game-hours: 462.9
review: One of the best strategy games evar.
game-hours: 442.0
review: Fun to play with friends over a three day span.
game-hours: 197.5
review: Excellent game. Gan't wait for the next expansion.
game-hours: 347.1
review: GET THIS GAME
game-hours: 229.4
review: I'm always resisted playing games like Civ because I used to think they where boring or not enough action. Man was a wrong, I love this game and it has risen quickly to my top 3 favorite games.
game-hours: 3.3
review: Great Strategy Game!
game-hours: 300.8
review: Getting screwed by Ghandi and Maria Theresa, the epiphany of gaming. Great game and even better with friends.
game-hours: 123.1
review: Why shooting zombies if you can play Civ V and become a zombie urself?
game-hours: 19.2
review: NiceGame!
game-hours: 1257.8
review: For me, the Civ franchise were the original "just one more turn!" games. This one is no exception.
game-hours: 133.8
review: The game is great, but each play last a looong time
game-hours: 351.4
review: Awesome strat game! Play long, smart, and hard!
game-hours: 39.1
review: ONE MORE TURN!
game-hours: 211.7
review: Just one more turn.... 3 hours later...
game-hours: 106.2
review: Well, running it now on Ubuntu 14.04 everything works phenomenal and its truly fast on my XMG A704. The vanilla Game ist extremely replayable as any good Civilization and its got this, One more Turn, effect which will keep you playing for hours to no end, Completely recommendable, I have not play any of the Expansions/ DLC yet but they expand the game a lot it seems, and the price right now gives no place for error.
game-hours: 126.7
review: Great game with a lot of replayability. I think the main reason I like this game very much is watching your empire, which you build from the bottom, own other civilization when you finish world wonders or annex one of their cities. 5/5, this game is my cup of tea.
game-hours: 11.9
review: it's fun, but gets more fun if you use mods
game-hours: 291.8
review: I'll just wait two turns for this unit to be done before going to bed... Oh I should probably move him here now that hes done, then I'll go to bed... I should probably give my workers orders now, I might forget to next time... Well this worker is almost done with his job, I'll just wait for him to finish... Well since I'm waiting for my worker, I'll make another unit... I'll just wait two turns for this unit to be done before going to bed...
game-hours: 116.9
review: ITS AMAZEBALLS
game-hours: 284.2
review: more fun than real life; i lost my loved ones by playing this game too much. but its worth it, i built a space ship
game-hours: 117.9
review: ....
game-hours: 76.2
review: This is a really good game for spending your time off... Played hours and didnt even saw the time going on... Approved!!!
game-hours: 84.8
review: Awesome as fuuuck
game-hours: 282.7
review: It's okay.
game-hours: 793.3
review: Amazing game, easily the most addictive FTS out there.... Just one more round!
game-hours: 62.1
review: 10/10 would tap
game-hours: 53.2
review: Great time killer!
game-hours: 104.1
review: awesome:)
game-hours: 6.6
review: Very fun game, but crashes every couple of hours. Kind of good because the crashes let me do things like eat and sleep while the game loads up again
game-hours: 380.3
review: Civ 4 ever!
game-hours: 164.7
review: As a major supporter of turn based stategy games this has been one of my favorite series of games and Sid Meier's never never to impress. They are fun and very friend friendly for multiplayer gaming. It's easy to get lost in the country that you built from the ground up and every game you learn something new. Whether it be a useful game strategy, a famous quote, or some useful historical information from the Civilopedia this game will always keep you interested.
game-hours: 34.7
review: .
game-hours: 24.2
review: I hate this game. It steals 5-8 hours of my life whenever I play it.
game-hours: 88.2
review: A Fantastic and friendly game that is fairly easy to get the hang of. Civ 5 is a Empire building strategy game which spans from a basic tribal era 3000BC to modern era 2020AD. There is 5 ways to win a match, each one requiring different objectives which some Civ's can accomplish easier then other. When starting a match the game allows to set up what Civ's play, how many are in the match, what the map design is like, what victory conditions are enabled, if City state's are involved etc etc. The difficulty basically increases or decreases how fast other Civ's gain technologies and how agressive they are. It is a great game to play with friends and fun in single player too. My main gripe with this game is that the game's AI is borderline . They will love you and want to be friends one moment, next turn the declare war on you. The trade is awkward (improved in BNW) and there isn't much advantage in actually improving relations with other Civ's. The game has nice cartoon style graphics and 2 DLC's (both a bit pricey) The music in-game is different per Civ and very good and unique to that Civ. The game's strongest play is in Online multiplayer +Nice easy to get hang of +Fun and Different each play +Strong multiplayer -Stupid AI -No incentive to befriend other Civ's
game-hours: 33.7
review: Had never played a strategy game before and now im hooked
game-hours: 546.8
review: The greatest turn based strategy game I've ever played!
game-hours: 141.9
review: MEH
game-hours: 18.7
review: I've spent 6 hours on the smallest world with the fastest turn settingsas an Egyption trying to bring down America and the Iroquios. All I have to show for it is a  of farm land and some boats.  you, Civ 5. 10/10
game-hours: 21.9
review: Great game if you what to waste hours of your life
game-hours: 209.1
review: Now I may not have the most hours on this game, but it is really fun. Civ. 5 is one of my favorite games. I can't wait for the new Civ. game to come out. I think most people would enjoy this. The singleplayer works fine but the multiplayer can be a little bit laggy at times.
game-hours: 410.2
review: Despite being a grand strategy, Civilization 5 is very easy to get into. And once you get into it, you won't be putting it down for awhile.
game-hours: 415.2
review: This game is pretty much one of the best games ever released. It does, however, have a major drawback: it will ruin your life. I have spent literally hundreds of hours playing this game and have no intention of stopping. anyway, is fun.
game-hours: 46.5
review: fun game but not for the people who don't like turn based games
game-hours: 53.9
review: veru fun
game-hours: 393.1
review: Much fun. Very game. Need badges.
game-hours: 157.4
review: This game is by far the best game on steam, I enjoy killing Ghandi so much that I could possibly be admitted to a psych ward
game-hours: 76.9
review: one of the best pc game on earth
game-hours: 493.4
review: This game devours lives.
game-hours: 21.5
review: great game i have had many good time on mp but make sure u have friends that have it to
game-hours: 288.1
review: Lots of wasted time playing this.
game-hours: 478.7
review: Best game to waste all night on. Not recommend for people who have jobs with expected results.
game-hours: 103.7
review: Great.
game-hours: 82.6
review: Just...one...more...turn...
game-hours: 33.3
review: This game is really fun and addicting. Once you start playing you won't be able to stop. I would highly reccomend this game and the DLC.
game-hours: 175.5
review: Many sleepless nights lost while sitting at my computer saying "just one more turn." It is never just one more turn!
game-hours: 144.9
review: I recommend playing this game with mods. I can't recommend trying to finish any games, especially with friends. This game robs you blind of all your time. You will start a game and continue playing it for several hours after telling yourself "2 more turns".
game-hours: 30.4
review: It sucked out my soul and time!
game-hours: 14.9
review: Ghandi. 10/10
game-hours: 166.2
review: This game is definitely worth the buy. You will spend so much time in this game and you will love every second of it.
game-hours: 113.2
review: If you like Turn-based strategy games you should have it already
game-hours: 125.2
review: I give this game a solid 10/10. I am a huge fan of the Civilization series. In my opinion it helps me get over stress yet gets intense when your freind for example all of a sudden declares war and attacks you. It is one of the best games on the P.C in my opinion and with the current 50% off deal its a great game to go for.
game-hours: 229.2
review: this game is so fun
game-hours: 490.9
review: This is the first version of Civ I've played, and I know now why my husband loves the series so much. Completely addictive.
game-hours: 54.9
review: Best game I've ever played. Just one..more..turn..
game-hours: 592.8
review: Every time you play is different. You'll never get the same experiance more than once. It's what keeps me comming back every time I have a strategy ich.
game-hours: 90.9
review: Love this game
game-hours: 223.6
review: Don't get this game. Unless you don't like to sleep.
game-hours: 243.4
review: Where has all my time went?
game-hours: 81.1
review: Super fun and very addicting. Good job on this game.
game-hours: 40.4
review: Simply the best of the turn-based strategy games.
game-hours: 91.7
review: I have been a long time player of the Civilization games, but I came late to the table with Civ V due to time and money issues. I'm glad I went back and got this game. The depth of this game is absolutely insane with all the civilizations, the projects and the directions you can go in. The difficulty adjustments is not insane leaps betwen levels, so you have plenty to work with to find your comfortable place. The game explains everything fairly well so you know what you are getting into when you decide to make an attack or switch up the citizen management. My biggest love is the new social policies, which stacks up really well and allows for a variety of roads to your victory. If there is anything I would say against this game, it's that the early turns are very automatic and don't change much regardless of who you are playing, which can make the start of the game very dull. This is another excellent chapter in the Civilization history, and I really can't wait for what's next. After having played these games back to 2 and Alpha Centauri, I consider the fact that it still makes me ready to go again the biggest accomplishment of all.
game-hours: 77.5
review: Great game! I spend hours without realizing it. Great graphics!
game-hours: 20.7
review: I've only played a few hours into this game, playing on an easy difficulty to get the jists of things. It's amazing the amount of content in this game, it keeps on suprising me!
game-hours: 515.9
review: This game is a time machine.
game-hours: 222.0
review: Good Game but some major differences from the previous Civ games. Troop placement being one of them. Has a few flaws in gameplay but overall worth the money if you like 4x games.
game-hours: 382.1
review: Great game. Fun by yourself, or with friends!
game-hours: 218.0
review: One of my favorite games of all time. You can literally spend 6 hours straight playing this game. "One more turn" is what the game is all about. The DLC also makes the game a lot more fun, and there are a lot of cool mods out there if you find the game becomes a bit bland over time.
game-hours: 92.4
review: Civilization V is in my opinion the best turn-based empire building game to date. With over 20 Civ with their own unique units, buildings and perks you will not be running out of a new strategy to try anytime soon. Although I do recommend picking up the two expansion packs Gods and Kings and Brave New World.
game-hours: 78.6
review: This game is amazing. If you like those 3rd person world control games, like Halo Wars or Command & Conquer, this game is for you.
game-hours: 174.5
review: Any bundle whcih allows you to not have to pay for the game twice. Friend wants to get complete edition but finds it stupid to have to pay $25 for $10 worth of material.
game-hours: 45.4
review: I found this game extermely fun and also time consuming. It is like most games of this nature but more about being the better culture and not just an all out war, even though it can be. It's a really fun and enjoyable game and it never gets old because there is always something new in every game. Only drawback for me is how slow the beginning of the game takes.
game-hours: 171.1
review: Where do I even begin? This was my first Civ game. I have to say that it is fantastic. The core gameplay is amazing. The feeling of starting from nothing and building an empire is not matched in any other way. My favorite thing about this game is that it is turn based. You have time to think about what you will do. The choices you make can cause a ripple that will last thousands of years.
game-hours: 77.5
review: The best strategy game ive ever played, multiple aspects that make this game fun and entertaing.
game-hours: 121.0
review: fun stuff
game-hours: 3918.0
review: Please take a close look at how many hours I have played this game. If that doesnt scare you into buying this game I do not know what will. 10/10 P.S. Buy the expansions. You wont regret it!
game-hours: 131.8
review: This game is amazing.
game-hours: 82.2
review: The epitome of strategic world domination. Risk wishes it could be this engaging. Religous domination, Check. Military domination, check. Turning those backwards foreigners into walking culture consumers, check! It's got it all baby.
game-hours: 29.4
review: Started playing these when Civ III was given to me as a birthday present. Continued playing these and definitely won't stop with this one. Yet another great work in the Sid Meier's series.
game-hours: 60.1
review: Fun things are fun.
game-hours: 13.5
review: Fun game
game-hours: 30.4
review: Played as Japanese. Edited them to be 'Merica. Defeated America, while playing as 'Merica. God bless 'Merica 1776/10
game-hours: 113.1
review: just...one...more...turn...
game-hours: 5.2
review: I recomend This Game TO People WHo Like Strategy and dont mind taking a day to complete 1 game my friends who are major FPS players didn't like it.
game-hours: 189.6
review: Best Strategy game of all time
game-hours: 238.5
review: If you play this game, you have no choice but to play it for hours on end. I've never had a Civ V session that lasted less than 3 hours. I love it, though.
game-hours: 33.8
review: Civ. 5. The best turn based strategy game out there. Of course, with Beyond Earth out now, it's time is done. It's still a really fun strategy game!
game-hours: 24.1
review: This game needs a caution label to warn people about how addicting it is
game-hours: 293.9
review: To be honest, I learned more about World History in this game than in school. Then yet again, video games are always more interesting than an old man reciting facts out of a thirty year old textbook.
game-hours: 302.1
review: Incredible Civilization game. The Gods and Kings expansion makes it even better. A very addicting and fun with hundreds of hours of gameplay (literally because I have over 200 lol)
game-hours: 54.9
review: A very good game, i really like the turn base system that they use and i enjoyed the way different nations special troops and passive bonus's work, i would recommend this game to everyone
game-hours: 146.7
review: This game is a really good game. There are a few people that hate on it, but as you can see, the reviews are overwhelmingly positive. The graphics aren't bad. At all. You can see the soldier units move and attack each other, you can see the workers making whatever you're improving, and you can even see the "Wonder" buildings inside of your city. Very cool. I really like how this was made. The only thing I have a problem with is that in late-game, it gets really laggy, but that's probably because I'm on a 5 year old mac laptop. But it still runs really well early game, and I really like it. I feel like the money I paid for Civilization 5 was well spent because I can get a lot of hours of playing from this game. There are many different things you can do, paths you can take, and things you can build. Every game is different, which is why I really like this game. I'd reccomend this game. 11/10.
game-hours: 72.6
review: The game was disapointing because it was not as good as Civ 4 (or any of the previous Civ games) out of the box so I recommend you buy any of those instead. The problem is that the base game is incomplete and dull. Essentially it is Civ 1 with fancy graphics but without the coolest feature (being able to build a palace if your people love you). The DLCs which "may" restore some of the features of Civ 4 should have formed part of general patching so I refuse to buy them since they are also stupidly expensive for what they appear to offer. I uninstalled it afte a few days and if I ever feel like a bout of world domination I dig out my copy of Civ 4 over this.
game-hours: 981.5
review: Excellent game. I can't say anything that hasn't been said probably a dozen times already, so I will just give Civ5 another thumbs up.
game-hours: 117.0
review: Great game to pass the time and play with friends. Set up alliances between your friends or betray them and kick them while they are down.
game-hours: 196.9
review: Highly addicting game. Another must own game. Got it on sale couldn't pass it up.
game-hours: 53.2
review: Before I knew it, 7pm was 3:45am ... Great game! Just ... One ... more ... turn ... P.S. Highly Recommend the expansions Gods & Kings and Brave New World.
game-hours: 140.6
review: By far one of the best game series I've ever played. Theres endless hours of fun in this game. Yet some would probably prefer earlier versions of the series. Regardless if you manages to get sucked into this franchice, you'd have endless hours of fun with it.
game-hours: 760.1
review: Highly, highly recommend this game. The only thing this game is missing is Leonard Nemoy. Honestly, I held off on buying Beyond Earth because it looks like a Civ V mod. You know what Firaxis should do (and maybe it's too late for Beyond Earth), make a Civ space game (Alpha Centauri 2 or change up Beyond Earth if you can) to implement moving in 3 dimensions. If I could move up and down, as well as 6 directions, like move diagonally up and east, down and south, up up up, etc., I would buy into another Civ game. Until then, I will continue plugging away at Civ V with my friends and solo, trying out the mods and continuing to be blown away. I love that you can't stack units, it finally makes mountains good defensive terrain. If you like this game, and/or are into these types of games, I would suggest also checking out some gameplay of Crusader Kings II on YouTube. It is not quite exactly like this game, and in many ways very different, but it is an awesome medieval simulation. If you do decide to buy this game, be sure to get the Complete Edition. The expansions have added so much. Civ IV was a great game, and you may see people comparing this to that one. I played Civ IV as much as (if not more than) this one, but the ease of multiplayer for Civ V puts it over the top for me. I'm going to play it now, I hear there is a steampunk mod.
game-hours: 116.1
review: Excellent way to lose many hours of your precious life and not regret a moment!
game-hours: 8.2
review: Thumbs up.
game-hours: 11.2
review: Nice game to play. Creative & Strategize
game-hours: 20.3
review: i cried when nagisa died at the end. really sad stuff. then oshio died too!!!! this is the saddest anime i have ever played
game-hours: 403.4
review: Simply put, perhaps the best turn-based strategy game ever.
game-hours: 53.8
review: This game is one of the best 4X games i've played, without a doubt.
game-hours: 39.8
review: Once again, a Civilization game lives up to it's "one more click". Extremely good, but a massive productivity drain. Don't install on any computer you want to do any work on.
game-hours: 67.7
review: Gandhi just made war with me and sent a Destructive robot,but sadly he falls by 20jets attacking it,Best strategy game under Turn based ones,The game that all pc gamers need to play atleast 'Once'
game-hours: 495.7
review: I've put a scary amount of time into this game, and I can safely say, I do not get bored of it. Each game is going to take up about 6-9 hours of your time, but that time will fly by as there is always something keeping your attention. Be it Barbarian Hordes, aggressive neighbours or crushing the jewelled thrones of the world beneath your sandaled feet. A few recommendations: - Start with Vanilla + Gods and Kings for the first few games until you find your feet, then add Brave New World - Random map type, random Civ (better known as man mode) having no idea who you will play or what terrain set-up you will fight in is far more exciting than totally pre-planned paint by numbers. It also helps you develop your skills and understanding of the game as you have to figure out what type of victory will be best and how to get there, on the fly. The great thing about this game is that it can be as easy or as complicated as you want it to be. There are a number of automatic settings for cities, for example, which you can disable and micromanage yourself instead. I won't go any deeper on this as you really need to get in, get your hands dirty and learn from within the game itself. Oh... and Never. Ever. Trust Ghandi.
game-hours: 87.8
review: The gameplay is quit bareboned without the DLCs. AI is plain stupid even on hardest dettings.
game-hours: 352.8
review: Civ 5 is a great game and I definitely had a lot of fun playing it. That said, the game can feel a bit lacking in content sometimes, especially in the endgame. This really hurts the replayability and I would not recommend the game without the Brave New World DLC.
game-hours: 7.1
review: I highly reccomend buying this game because I have only played for a few hours but I am practically addicted to it and im looking forward to buying beyond earth
game-hours: 666.1
review: World religion: Cult of Cthulhu 11/10
game-hours: 838.1
review: have over 800 hours still going strong, saw that beyond earth came out saw the reviews played 15 hours of civ 5, just keep playing this untill the hot fix or they release DLC (everyones least favorite letters at this point)
game-hours: 98.1
review: If you are looking for a good Civ game, look no further. I may catch some flak for this but beyond earth really seemed to tank in ratings and reviews are not very positive and rather mixed but leaning towards negative.
game-hours: 72.0
review: yes
game-hours: 293.4
review: This game will get you playing for a long time, at times it gets old and I play some other game but it always comes back at any moment to be a fun and entertaining game. The DLC are slighty expensive but it puts a lot more purpose into the game and makes it all around funner. I would for sure recommend this game.
game-hours: 66.8
review: GREAT game! Everything is so balanced and stratigical. It also is great fun with friends to see who would win a war. ;) I really like the technoligy in this one. The best out of all of them in my opinion. I notice some UI bugs every now and then though. Rating: 9
game-hours: 36.9
review: Played as rome, found gandi, he nuked me, i lost looked at the clock saw it was 4 am 12/10 would bang again
game-hours: 311.5
review: its ok i guess
game-hours: 393.4
review: Peaceful strategy game with fantastic music, wonderful quotes from famous people, and amazingly accurate historical information within. Due to it's slower and highly strategic gameplay, it's probably not for everyone. But it is easy to learn; it plays like a much like if Chess, Risk (Stratego), and Warhammer 20k had a baby; but with historically accurate units and structures. However, be aware that this game is a horrendous resource hog. No matter how powerful your machine, this game WILL slow it down.
game-hours: 1346.8
review: Immense strategy recommended
game-hours: 74.2
review: Just one more turn!!!
game-hours: 15.3
review: Hours of fun. :D Trying to get all the acheivments is gonna be tough, but well worth it ^-^
game-hours: 32.0
review: Very intense strategy game
game-hours: 84.7
review: I wish I could stop playing this game.
game-hours: 67.3
review: very good game that gives you the chance to establish a nation to stand the test of time. conquer the world or dominate it culturaly. wich ever way you go a fantastic ride to glory
game-hours: 104.8
review: Probably one of the best turn based city building games I have ever had the chance to play. Filled with charm and smoot controles makes this game truely one of the best expirances I have had In a long time. I truely recomend this game to anyone who wishes to try this ganre of games and add the expensions to make the expiriance even greater.
game-hours: 139.9
review: So much fun to play either alone, or with friends; that's something I find unique in video games! Hours of enteratinment :)
game-hours: 527.9
review: good
game-hours: 139.1
review: Nuke Ghandi Spread Comunism to America Kill all who don't belive in Comunism Make the great wall of Russia Nuke Ghandi with a friends help Take all of your friends stuff then nuke him Take over the world with Giant Death Robots Bomb America with a bomber Finish off Ghandi with an ICBM Don't make the same mistake I did, don't trust Ghandi. Nuke him before he nukes YOU!
game-hours: 84.0
review: Fun, strategic, skillful and with endless replayability.
game-hours: 266.4
review: So,there you are,trying to win a civ 5 game in prince difficulty,but always giving up midgame cause you are a REALLY SORE loser.After about 200 hours of raging in single player and some really sweet diplomatic victories in multiplayer,"divide and conquer"style,you finally start a single player game,where you like capture 10 ruins and make a wonderful start. Triumphly looking at your prosperous empire,you notice those warmongering assyrian neighbors of yours killing arabs,but considering the fact that assyria is trying to be-friends with you, you turn a blind eye. And so,20 turns later,when the assyrian s have backstabbed you,and are now running wild inside your empire cause you were too cheap to buy any military units,you calmly look at the advancing army,with only one thought in your head... Hm.Gandhi did worse.
game-hours: 310.4
review: Perfect installment of a great series. Also like the amount of options and classic features they tried to maintain in all the elements of the game.
game-hours: 393.4
review: Civ5 is actually so much better than 4.
game-hours: 21.5
review: zieke game voor de ekte tattas 10/10 would tatta.
game-hours: 63.5
review: -play civ 5 -year 2020 -with friends -my civ unhappy -friends civ very happy -dammit gandhi 11/10 would get rekt by gandhi again
game-hours: 63.8
review: meh
game-hours: 25.2
review: great game
game-hours: 505.8
review: One of the best games ever
game-hours: 41.9
review: I LOOOOVVEE this game. IT got me back into gaming. All I need now is all the DLC!
game-hours: 10.1
review: Really enjoying Civ 5, after buying it for the summer sale. It's quite different from previous games, but I still love it!
game-hours: 253.5
review: Have you ever wondered what would happen if Ghandi developed a huge stockpile of atomic weapons for India and launched a massive, unprovoked nuclear attack on the rest of the world? Wonder no more because in this game you can play as crazy, blood thirsty, atomic weapon-crazed Ghandi. For those unfamiliar with the Civilization series of games, this is a turn based strategy game. You lead a civilization from its creation and dictate the type of civilization it becomes. You can become a civilization focused on science and innovation and win a science victory by landing a man on the moon. Or you can become a military powerhouse and conquer the rest of the world. The stand alone version of Civilization 5 is a great game. But I HIGHLY recommend that you also purchase the Brave New World expansion, which added some wonderful elements that transformed it into an amazing game. TL DR: Great game. Buy it. But make it an even better game by purchasing the Brave New World Expansion.
game-hours: 333.6
review: The pros are (as always with the Civ series) the accessibility, sense of progression, and subconsciously creating a narrative with each new game. The biggest flaw in Civ 4 makes a return in Civ 5...the AI. The AI simply isn't good enough at playing the game, so the challenge has to come from the player being statistically handicapped (or playing online). At least one other 4x game enjoys a big advantage when it comes to the AI.
game-hours: 20.4
review: Great Britain wouldn't open their borders for me. I declared war and lost. 10/10
game-hours: 115.5
review: its the best.
game-hours: 26.9
review: A lot of fun and a big time sink. It needs a clock in game so I stop playing until 6am.
game-hours: 84.4
review: By far better then the last few. But I am a junky. So there you go.
game-hours: 30.6
review: One of the best games out in a long time. It takes up all of your time, so make sure you have a good 5-12 hours to play.
game-hours: 34.6
review: Im hooked and enjoying every hour of it.
game-hours: 6.8
review: Great game for people who loves history. This game improve my score on history.
game-hours: 89.8
review: Civilization V, probably one of the greatest example of a Sid Meier game. This game is very additctive and fun to play. It is also very easy to pickup, but is hard to master. With a great amount of world leaders and strategies to choose from, there is no doubt that you will have endless fun. I give the game a 9/10.
game-hours: 6.6
review: This game is AMAZING!
game-hours: 281.7
review: If you have the patience for a great strategy game, then there is no reason for you not to get this game. It offers many diffrent wyas to handle situations depending on you play style or mood at the time (from making friedns to launching nukes at your enemies). 10/10 Just dont trust Gandhi whatever you do.
game-hours: 66.9
review: Great game to play with friends.
game-hours: 33.3
review: it is a fun amazing game with so many different paths to chose from alone it works for hours and hours of fun and with friends years :)
game-hours: 316.1
review: Simply the best.
game-hours: 813.1
review: In what other game does your friend and ally throughout 3/4 of the game (Ghandi of course, nobody else would ever do this) all of a sudden betray you, nuke your empire to the ground and send in giant death robots to mop up whatever units that your technologically inferior production starved half burning cities are able to produce. Lesson learned, NEVER trust Ghandi. I 100% recommend to everybody.
game-hours: 222.3
review: 10/10 this Game is really addicting, mostly because once you start a civilization, you have to see it through to the end. Be careful when playing this with friends because one time, I played with my friend Trent and he got really mad at me because I attacked his civ and then we were mad at each other for a whole week. I don't recommend playing this with friends, but it's definitely a good strategy game.
game-hours: 92.9
review: Excellent game.
game-hours: 392.6
review: Games like this don't really need reviews do they? Everyone who likes this kind of game already owns it and has 100+ hours on it.
game-hours: 32.0
review: Being a HUGE fan of civilization revolution on the console, I was expecting great things from Civ5; It did not dissapoint. Having bought 5 other games from the steam summer sale, this is the one that I got really hooked on. This game is extremely addicting, I couldn't get off the computer for hours. If you love strategy or turn based games (like me of course) then this is THE game for you. Warning: the games takes hours to finish if you are a rookie, you probably should only play if you have time to waste. If I could give it a higher rating than 10/10 I would.
game-hours: 114.2
review: Sat down to play for just 30 minutes... ... 3 days later I realized I might have missed a day or two of work. 11/10
game-hours: 259.1
review: pretty good...
game-hours: 54.8
review: Morocco was tired of my blue jeans and pop music in the year 1951. 11/10
game-hours: 76.4
review: Pretty fun. Definately one of the best strategy games out there.
game-hours: 19.8
review: Can't get enough of this game.
game-hours: 176.2
review: Awesome game. Beware though this game will suck away your life...
game-hours: 162.4
review: I have poured all most 200 hours into this game it is great for people that love Turn based Strategy and 4X games in general. Buy it and so good by to your life. Partners will leave you, children will cry of hunger but your empire will last forever.
game-hours: 217.8
review: I waited years to get this game because I didn't like the idea of a hex based combat system. That was a mistake; despite being tactically useful you'll quickly forget the shapes are even there. Don't make the same mistake as me, buy this great game. If it's on sale, even better.
game-hours: 81.9
review: Great game for turn based strategy enthusiasts.
game-hours: 769.8
review: It's good and stuff.
game-hours: 142.3
review: I spent a lot of time in this game!
game-hours: 116.6
review: *New Games 400 times*
game-hours: 25.2
review: Buy Civilization IV. Don't ask questions.
game-hours: 439.7
review: I love this game, it is my go-to when I cannot decide what to play. The pace is as quick or as slow as you need it to be. You can play an intense round of world-domination, or you can go for a leisurely cultural victory inbetween errands and household chores. I wish I could say specifically what I like about this game, but it is a combination of little things that keep me coming back. I like the music, the way the AI rulers feel real, I like how I can easily play with my friends on steam. After a rough day, Civ 5 gives me the chance to annihilate my enemies, in style.
game-hours: 38.5
review: Amazing game, would recommend to anyone wanting a fun single and multiplayer game. The skill level required is easily adjusted in the game menu, making this a game suitable for anybody and everybody. ;P
game-hours: 37.7
review: One of the best games of the god genre. It has many aspects and is a perfect continuation of the series. Get it.
game-hours: 86.2
review: buy it, Scrub
game-hours: 1705.4
review: As a long time fan of the series, I have to say that Civ V with Brave New World is the best entry so far. It fixes many longstanding issues that the series has suffered such as: +Stacks of Doom. Combat is now fun and tactical with the one-unit-per tile rules. It's less about overwhelming force and more about positioning and forethought. +Unit Loss. In older games, combat always ended in one unit's destruction. This made creating a professional, experienced army a nightmare and warmongers could expect to lose most of their forces unless they had a massive technological advantage. Now, units take damage but are not automatically destroyed. Warmongers and Peaceniks alike can rejoice in having their starting warrior survive to the Information Age. +Culture Victories. Note: This is only in regards to Brave New World; vanilla and Gods and Kings are just as bland as ever. Instead of being the most tedious and difficult victory, culture victories are now offensive and bring benefits beyond huge borders. Having the dominant culture leads to more science via trade routes and greater ideological pressure. Speaking of which... +Ideologies. As of Brave New World, you can choose to be an autocratic conquerer, a communistic paradise, or a freedom loving cultural powerhouse. It really freshens up the late game, causing long term alliances to crumble as you and your neighbors decide in what ideology to place your faith in. +Government. In previous games, government choice was just a matter of changing to whatever form was most beneficial at the moment. Want to go from a theocratic police state to a secular republic? No problem! Now, government is cumulative with social policies, which you get through culture thus making it useful for more than just a cultural victory, shaping your victory plans and long term strategies. Unfortunately, there are some problems even to this great game: -Balance. While it's not a big deal in single player, nation balance is out of whack. Some nations (like Poland, Korea, Babylon) are universally useful and powerful while others (The Celts, Songhai, Byzantium) are very limited and rarely useful. Similarly, certain policy trees are lackluster- Tradition is probably your best bet early game with Honor almost always being a bad idea. -Tech Tree. In general, it's great, but in comparison to Civ IV, it feels more simplified. Not a huge deal, but there's not as much choice in how you proceed. -Unit Types. While better than in previous games, unit types can feel a little stale. Generally speaking, ranged units outclass siege units until you get to Artillary and Gatling guns. Cavalry, and especially anti-cavalry, units feel lackluster with mainline infantry generally being more robust and useful. It's not a huge deal, though, and some factions (Zulu, Mongols, Assyrians) have special units or abilities that make those unit types extraordinarily powerful. Overall, I'd give Civ 5 a 7/10, Gods and Kings a 8/10, and Brave New World a 9/10. If you have any interest in grand strategy or 4-X, give this game a try.
game-hours: 626.1
review: amazing game, love i
game-hours: 78.5
review: Classic 1 more turn
game-hours: 55.3
review: This is a very good game one min it is 9pm and 4 turns (exaggerating) later it is 3am, but in all it is a very great game but takes a long time to play one game but it is very good!
game-hours: 123.0
review: This game is about time you need to wait if you want something build,made or destroyed. And this game is not like comand & conquer its more like stop motion game.
game-hours: 113.9
review: This game is awsome i love every aspect of this game i love this game i havent played a turned based game in a while
game-hours: 231.5
review: cool as game, good graphics and nice gameplaly. a game which you have to think to succed
game-hours: 2836.4
review: Totally addictive. Brilliant! Can't help going back to it daily :)
game-hours: 2822.1
review: It will suck your life force away.
game-hours: 1.5
review: Not my favorite Turn-Based Strategy game, It was worth playing a few times, never really saw what all the hype was all about for this game, Commanding forces, building structures, It's Not my cup of tea...
game-hours: 108.1
review: Not as good as Civ IV. Better than what most people on the internet say.
game-hours: 240.6
review: Very very nice piece
game-hours: 209.4
review: Sid Meier is truly the king of strategy games. If you want a game where every move you make count, Civ V is the game for you. To be honest it's a bit tricky at first but you get hang of it after a bit.
game-hours: 105.5
review: a great game both on & offline. will have you saying "holy , how did 6 hours pass already?" quite often.
game-hours: 173.2
review: Lots of fun. Great game to dump a couple hours into after work.
game-hours: 119.2
review: Russia beat America to space 20/10 would play again.
game-hours: 395.0
review: It's a great strategy game and can be played for thousands of hours without getting bored once. Infite variations and scenarios to be had
game-hours: 84.2
review: Is very fun game
game-hours: 1548.7
review: One of the best Turn based strategy games around. No, wait: The Best! I pny wished OD settings would be easyer on Mac platform.
game-hours: 736.8
review: Best game in steam!
game-hours: 20.4
review: A thinking nyqqa's game, be prepared for betrayal and normal history while you embark on a journey to nuclear warfare and congress-like diplomacy.
game-hours: 194.5
review: Great game
game-hours: 101.3
review: If you are a fan of strategy games and/or history get this game! its super fun! its so fun father time is forced to make time go faster just to get you off this game! This game also helps you learn history in BEST WAY POSSIBLE! If that doesn't sound convincing it has a  ton of mod support allowing you to customize the game any way you want! overall this is a AWESOME game that i can recommend to even new strategists
game-hours: 146.2
review: Great game! Don't however, expect to sleep for the first week or so....
game-hours: 80.1
review: Overall I think it's a great game. Some say that it doesn't feel fully fleshed realized withou the inclusion of Brave New World and Gods and Kings, but I think if you're just starting with the series the original will give you enough of the experience to decide your next move. Even without the expansions there are tons of Civilizations to play with, all of which are extremely interesting and have bonuses that can completely change your playstyle. Even after 100 hours of gameplay I've only used maybe 10 different Civs. Personally I perfer a more passive style but to get the full experience you need to try all the Civs. Graphically its very nice in an artistic view although it may not be the best looking strategy game on the market today. On my system it runs fine and even on my laptop it runs just about as well. If you were looking for a game that gave you the best Dollars/Hour of Entertainment this would probably be the hands down favorite. It's easy to learn but can still intrigue after many hours of play. The main reason this game gives you such value is because the games run so long, yes you can make them shorter if you wish but know one I know has ever done so. I think I can assume it's becaue they wish to savor the experience and take their time with a game as good as this. Becaue I'm such a fan of the YouTuber TotalBiscuit I can't bring myself to give the game a score but I can tell you that I highly recomment this game, I like it so much that I've actually bought it twice.
game-hours: 21.5
review: This game is awesome doe, wonder why I didn't buy it until now.
game-hours: 444.0
review: As I get close to breaking the 500 hour mark, I am still as amused and entranced by this game as I was in the first hour. I recommend this game to anyone who loves both real time and turn based strategy gaming. Its darn addictive and worth every penny, even if it isnt on sale.
game-hours: 57.6
review: this game is brilliant and makes you think, i would reccommend this game to anyone. 10/10
game-hours: 62.6
review: Five minutes and i'm already hooked.
game-hours: 216.5
review: Great game! Another solid addition to the franchise - probably the best Civ game so far IMO, especially with the Gods and Kings and Brave New World expansions - they add so many new layers to the game. This is the kind of game that you can play time and time again and never get bored. There is always great excitement upon starting a new game, with a different civilisation you may never have tried out before and those first 50 turns of uncovering the land around you, seeing what kind of resources you have near you, the lay of the land, any potential neighbouring civs near you etc - this is one of my favourite parts of the game, when you lay down your foundations into (hopefully) becoming the greatest civilisation on the planet! And then it only continues to get better... Hours feel like minutes and before you know it it's 3am, your eyes are bloodshot and you will probably be late for work! Time certainly flies when you are having fun. If you have not already purchased this masterpiece - do it now, right now! I guarantee you will never be dissapointed and you will have hundreds of hours (if not thousands of hours) of constant fun! Protip - Beware of Gandhi.
game-hours: 69.6
review: awesome game hours of fun
game-hours: 2.9
review: This game is amazing! Although my first turn-based strategy game is Total War: ROME II (Yes, I AM new to this genre), this is way better. 9/10!
game-hours: 502.9
review: An amazing turn based stratagy game with a huge amount of gamechanging decisions to make, expecially with all the DLC which i highly recomend. The only thing i dont like is how even now there is STILL a few bugs left in muliplayer including the trading bug which can completly wreak the game for you. But this only a small isue and means nothing if you are playing with trusted freinds. Over all the game is great fun expecially with freinds and provides hours of fun. 10 out of 10
game-hours: 134.8
review: Civ 5 is a clear staple in the turn based stategy world.
game-hours: 275.1
review: A nice little turn-based game that is easily addictive. Would recommend to anyone who loves a good turn-based game.
game-hours: 128.7
review: what's this "outside" thing you speak of?
game-hours: 405.7
review: I recommend Sid Mier's Civilization V because it is cool and you can learn about historiclal figures.
game-hours: 159.5
review: Literally the best game I own on steam
game-hours: 5.1
review: Best strategy game I've ever played Pros= +Looks great +Handles well +Great modding community +Basic Controls +Addictive Cons= - You will lose so much time to this game (I booted it up for the first time thinking "I'll let it install then play another game." I didn't play another game for about three days. I just did homework and played this game
game-hours: 33.8
review: I like being that city that everyone loves. Makes me feel like I...belong.
game-hours: 487.1
review: with all the DLC and amazing care taken to make this game the masterpeice it currently is has paid off. this is a must play for any fan of strategy games.
game-hours: 611.2
review: Great game, played over 600 hours and have had it for a year.
game-hours: 181.2
review: With two expansions Civilization V is absolutely amazing. Yes, it's a little bit complicated for beginners, but with every new turn you'll be more and more addicted. Shut up and give your money!
game-hours: 264.8
review: Civilization: A Great Big Black Hole of Lost Time... Which we happily keep diving into. 10/10
game-hours: 204.5
review: Yes Yes Yes!
game-hours: 135.0
review: Great game, stunning graphics definetly improves on Civ IV
game-hours: 132.3
review: Just... One... More.... Turn...
game-hours: 29.2
review: Fantaboulous sandwich lol swag jk pie k den staph pls
game-hours: 59.8
review: I started playing Sid Meier's Civ games at Civ 3, when the Gold Edition was only like $5 at target. I fell in love. I loved conquering puny civs and basically being a dictator. As I matured, so did my style of play. I now try to go for Diplomatic, Cultural, or Scientific victories. This leads me to one of my few "problems" with the game, the penalties you take for going to war. It's so hard to be the dictator of the world when you can't even build reinforcements after destroying one city. So if you enjoyed earlier Civ games solely because of the World Domination Factor, you might not enjoy this game. If you enjoy Civ games because you they're awesome, then you will not be disappointed. 10/10 would bang... play again.
game-hours: 268.9
review: Civilization 5, it is hard to stop your self. The addictive game play goes on for hours in one match. Then when you finish that match you play a billion more with differnt options for fun! 10/10, the only RTS I can play!
game-hours: 94.3
review: Great Game, a definate must buy.
game-hours: 160.8
review: Best turn based strategy title there is, 2nd to chess perhaps. And when compared to the predecessors, the designers have definitely worked on making the alternative victory strategies more viable. However the AI's negotiation capacity and reasoning still leaves much to be desired for a game that appeals to the Machiavelli in us.
game-hours: 348.3
review: Hours of fun and infinite replayability.
game-hours: 32.9
review: This is game is good. Perhaps too good. As in, you'll continue to play "just a little more" till you realize it's 3 AM for the 3rd consecutive day. The randomized maps, different scenarios, different victory conditions and ways to play make it very replayable. Definitely give it a try.
game-hours: 58.1
review: Sooo much fun
game-hours: 189.0
review: Once you've played this version you'll be converted to hexagons forever. Just a fuller, more varied version in every way.
game-hours: 74.2
review: I gotta go to bed... after this next turn...
game-hours: 145.9
review: one of the best games ever
game-hours: 323.4
review: This is way too addicting. If you need to sleep or socialise within 72 hours I would not recommend this game as it is far too good to leave for less than a 2 minutes pee-break tops.
game-hours: 213.9
review: Play this game if you want to make Atilla the Hun your B*tch!
game-hours: 65.5
review: One... More... Turn....
game-hours: 1491.0
review: This game is all about strategy, planning, and vision. I've logged hundreds of hours and only played it to completion once, but I'm always ready to start again. Recommended for nerds.
game-hours: 289.0
review: A relaxing, immensely stimulating, and imaginative game. I recommend it more highly than anything else I own; wtih 274 hours currently on record, it is by far the game I've played the most. Managing empires with the highly varied gameplay of random maps to explore and different alliances to make ensures that, at least for me, it never gets old. Difficulty ranges widely as well. It's the kind of game that can be played anywhere and is fun to show people. Playing with friends is a blast, as you ally and compete on the global stage. If I could pick one game to play for the rest of my life, it would be Civ 5.
game-hours: 53.1
review: Very wow many buy this or you're gay
game-hours: 1.4
review: GAVNO.
game-hours: 56.5
review: Nuked Ghandi 10/10
game-hours: 3.7
review: Nice turn base game ever
game-hours: 66.7
review: Great game, I've put so many hours of fun into this. Great single player experience and even better when you do multiplayer with friends.
game-hours: 17.1
review: As always top notch!
game-hours: 190.8
review: I love it
game-hours: 388.9
review: like it! very fun game!
game-hours: 372.1
review: Best Empire buiding game ever!!! Genghis Khan FTW!!!~~~
game-hours: 74.3
review: Some of the most fun I've had in quite some time.  you Ghandi.
game-hours: 244.7
review: last time i decided to play a quick game, by the time i quit playing i realized my wife already left me 3 weeks before that!
game-hours: 142.4
review: Civilaztion V takes some time to get used to, however once you do it is so much fun to play. The Turn by turn play style allows you not to forget about certain areas or cities that need work. Overall it is a fun game to play which for me takes a good long time to finish.
game-hours: 39.2
review: I have a thriving civilization and then I suddenly got nuked by Ghandi 10/10 would get nuked again
game-hours: 372.9
review: This is one of my favorite games of all time and i reccomend it top everyone who is even slightly intrested in strategy games
game-hours: 119.3
review: An amzing example of arguably the best 4x game. Also in my opinion the best ever civ, and one of the best games ever made, beautifully done, in one of my favourite genres.
game-hours: 107.4
review: I picked this up during the summer sale. I never was a big fan of strategy games until now. 80 hours later and all I can think about is Napoleon is a  and if people don't stop sending missionaries into my land, I'm going to nuke every other civ to ashes... and there's Giant Death Robots so there's that too.
game-hours: 64.8
review: Named city Dong, got a message saying "Dong has expanded" 10/10
game-hours: 74.0
review: An outstanding game without countless hours of replayability, a must buy
game-hours: 374.7
review: How can you not be overwhelmed by Civilization V? It's a perfect example of a series that's getting close to perfection, step by step. The new improvements are great and feel like they've been there all along. A must-buy for the fans and a great way for newcomers to finally get familiar with the series.
game-hours: 42.8
review: This game is a time-machine. 10/10
game-hours: 153.7
review: Really fun but one game can take 5+ hours
game-hours: 177.4
review: when i first got a pc this was the game i was wanting most. i have spent contless hours offline just trying to do it all. i love the game in ways i can never decribe. if you enjoy any other civ game (even civ revolution) get this game.
game-hours: 416.5
review: Probably the best game iv ever played. granted im a bit biased because im practicly in love with City/Society building games. i rate this game 5 nipples/strawberry.
game-hours: 50.3
review: ,   ,     .    . :      ,  ,      (    ).     .          .    ;)
game-hours: 62.4
review: 9/10 addicting as fuuuuuck. dlc is expensive as hell tho.
game-hours: 169.1
review: With the expansion packs, Civ V is a worthy sequel to the classic predecessor. First off, I would like to address complaints of the game being "simplified," which I think is an unfair argument. While the original release lacked content, the expansions have polished the experience and introduced some new features. The biggest improvement is combat, which now relies more on unit placement and careful balance of ranged and direct fighting. Personally, I think it is a massive improvement over the system in the last game which came down to how many units could be stacked on a single tile. Another (somewhat subjective) change is the city and management system, which has been streamlined in this release. Some players have complained about it, but I feel it has improved the experience and allows more focus on other tasks instead of the monotonous micromanagement that was required in Civ IV. Not everything is perfect though. One negative is the diplomacy system, which has been stripped of some classic features. Also, the AI for other leaders tends to be somewhat schizophrenic, with random acts of war and flimsy declarations of friendship. There are mods that have attempted to fix these problems, but I haven't found a suitable solution yet. Overall, this game is well worth your time and money (if you get the expansions).
game-hours: 442.0
review: No better way to stay up until 3am and then say, "How the  did it get so late? Well, I'll play one more turn..."
game-hours: 635.6
review: Never trust Gandhi
game-hours: 56.6
review: I don't even want to think about what my overall playtime would be if you took into consideration how many hours I pumped into this game when I owned it through less than legitimate means.
game-hours: 144.5
review: 50 Hours into your latest save, all is going well. Only 3 leaders left Gandhi, Caesar and Washington. you draft an 'end game' plan in your mind, you will make friends with Gandhi (for obvious reasons he's chill) then procede to befriend Caesar. Then you will take out Washington because he is a  and did not accept an open border agreement 3000 years prior HE MUST PAY. 20 turns later all is going to plan, we are now on Washingtons doorstep, Gandhi and Caesar appear to love and probably fear your superpower nation. All we need to do is eliminate the pesky Americans and ith all our military now on American soil this should not take long. Then after the swift invasion of America we will make a vote for world peace at the U.N (in rome of course) with our new found Indian and Roman brethren it is a sure win! But all of a sudden the distant droning of nuclear sirens start, quickly they become louder and louder, "what is this!?" you think to yourself, a false alarm? You shrug it off maybe Caesae bombing a city state. The game pauses... Gandhi appears on the screen, with a sinister grin he shouts "WAR" in your face. Only seconds after you see a gut wrenching sight. The camera focuses on a nuclear submarine stationed just off the coast of your pride and joy, the capital of your glorious nation. You then hear a rumble, just seconds after a nuclear warhead emerges from the previously hidden submarine, you realise it is too late... you can only watch as the missle closes in. As your city goes up in a giant cloud there are short lived screams from your beloved people, then silence. Before what had just occurred had sunk in, before you could make rescue efforts to save your much loved citizens the humming of quiet engines fall upon your ears. Suddenly countless 'stealth bombers' appear seemingly out of no where, soon the sky is blackened by planes, the game falls almost silent only the whistle of falling bombs remains. You faint from the shock of what is unfolding. You awake shortly after, Gandhi is still flattening what remains of your once prosperous empire, now with 'giant death robots' making the most of his seemingly never ending turn. As Gandhi clinically and relentlessly razes what's left of your broken nation all you can do is weep, your people hacked down in their prime and your glorious nation so mighty just minutes before has just been been all but eliminated in 1 turn. Why oh why did you turn of autosave? did it really speed your game up? was it worth it? Ghandi is a complete , he acts like your friend but WILL nuke the  out of you if even the slightest oppurtunity presents itself. 10/10
game-hours: 2601.2
review: I only played a little but it was fun.
game-hours: 316.9
review: It's like crack. You keep telling yourself 'just one more turn'. but then you realize you've been sitting in your underwear for for 36 hours and you've forgotten to check on your wife who gave birth to your baby last night.
game-hours: 3979.9
review: Made me obsessed, destroyed my social life, gave me and irrational fear of Gandhi. and made me invest countless hours into destroying civilizations. 12/10 potatoes
game-hours: 126.6
review: -playing as the US -explores and finds siam -befriends siam -finds greece -greece is a  and invades -gets in a war with greece -takes 2 greek cities and returnes the rest -greece is happy -sails to new lands and finds all other nations -befirends russia and china -gets in a foolish war with siam not knowing that every nation exept china and russia is friends with siam -feels sad because everyone hates me -makes peace with siam because im feeling guilty for being a warmonger -people start being nice to me -feels happy, only germany and arabia are guarded, everyone else is friendly -china asked me to declaire war on arabia even though he has done nothing to me -I decline because Ive decided to be an example to the civilized world -china declares war on and denounces me -germany declares war on me -every nation on earth exept for russia declaires war on me -me and russia vs. the world -I have 3 nukes and no one else has any -cant make myself use them -steamroll enemy city states south of me -steamroll greece to the north -steamroll native american settlements on some islands near me -siam discovers urainum -siam is confirmed to have nuclear power plant -must stop siam from getting nukes -US gunships race to punch a hole in siams defences -all reserve units are embarked for the invasion with destroyer escorts -gunships meet uber heavy resistance -invasion due in 2 turns -russia is being cut off from US aid -sends paratroopers to break the siege of moscow -fails due to being outnumbered 20:1 -D-Day in siam -steamrolls siam until only capital left -no sign of atomic weapons -100,000 troops surrounding the capital -air raid sirens -siam nukes himself four times along with most of my troops -paras mop up and capture the capital -sad music -all other nations in shock -we mourn our fallen troops -all nations make peace in the next 4 turns -we all are sad -decides war must end for good -changes course for diplomatic victory -starts work on UN -becomes allies with 19 city states -all nations live in realitive peace -finishes UN -wins vote -wins game 10/10 no feels like this in a game before.
game-hours: 14.1
review: When Gandhi or Ethiopia comes to your doorstep with gifts of gold, dyes, and ivory, take my advice. Ready all your tanks and nukes, arm them, AND SHOOT THEM LIKE YOUR LIFE DEPENDS ON IT. They are evil, traitorous demons. NEVER TRUST THEM. However, Genghis Khan is my best friend. He came up to me and was all like, "De full do bu la chi mendo." And I said, "Okay! Let's be friends!" I can never understand that guy, but something about our relationship just works. Ghandi Hating Simulator 2014 11/10
game-hours: 51.1
review: You'll decide to play for an hour and you'll realize four days later that your wife left you, but you're so close to killing that scumbag Gandhi that it doesn't even matter. 20/10
game-hours: 152.8
review: Never. Trust. Ghandi.
game-hours: 40.9
review: Don't attempt to play this before going to bed.
game-hours: 444.1
review: Say goodbye to your life.
game-hours: 278.1
review: By far my favorite strategy game/franchise. I can't wait for Beyond Earth to be released; I already pre-ordered it. If you love turn-based strategy, you will seriously enjoy this game and let it steal away hours of your life. The micromanagement isn't too bad. You don't have to micromanage each city if you don' want to. The automatic settings will be fine for most casual players on medium to lower difficulties. You only need to micromanage like a madman if you want to do the harder difficulties, that is, unless you want to destroy the AI even more on lower settings. The replay value is AMAZING. Randomly generated maps and AI traits provide different challenges each match. The expansions are worth the money, and the DLC is worth it (even though I got them all on sale). The only thing I would change is the diplomacy. Although the diplomacy victory condition is acceptable, diplomacy with the other nations of the match isn't as powerful as it was in Civilization IV. In some cases, the AI will be friendly the entire match and declare war on you out of nowhere, saying they were "feigning friendship" with you. In Civ IV you could become such strong allies with another nation that it would liberate your cities from an aggressor. There isn't anything quite like that in this iteration, but diplomacy can help prevent war with others (more of a science and culture man myself). Overall it is an awesome game. I hope Firaxis and 2k keep up the good work with this franchise.
game-hours: 56.3
review: Great game.
game-hours: 876.2
review: It was fun
game-hours: 17.7
review: Very fun!
game-hours: 196.3
review: I bought the Civilization V: Complete Edition version of this game (I play Brave New World) because it was a great offer and heard it wasn't difficult for new players. Being me, I suck so hard at strategy, badly. I could never learn the proper way of doing things like in StarCraft or Company of Heroes. However, Civ 5 blew my mind. I highly recommend Civilization V: Complete Edition because even if you don't play Gods and Kings, you are getting ALL the content, civs, modes, etc. You're having a bargan here! With so much content and I will say you'll spend hours and hours and even the "Just...one...more...turn!" moments. And what is also so great about this game, it's easy! Sure you'll be stumped at first but when you get into it and look at the advisors which can help a lot with your choices. And when building new structures, wonders, units, tree branch choices. You'll see the icons which will really help you. When I was playing, I got worried I might fail and ruin my civ. You will have moments where you stumble but you will raise. Just trade right and create the right choices and you'll be fine for what you want to create! Which also made me realise "Wow...this is really fun!" because it really helps newcomers but also helps the hardcore civ players. Buy this game, you will not regret it! My 2nd favourite PC game and number 1 Strategy game in front of Red Alert 2!
game-hours: 196.5
review: I love it
game-hours: 79.5
review: You'll play this game for a 20hr period straight. Then you won't play it for a month. Then you'll play for another 20 hr period. The cycle repeats. Love this game.
game-hours: 374.4
review: This game is awesome. I played for a year thinking that I had all the expansions until I realized Brave New World had come out a year earlier and it had snuck right past me. Brave New World makes the game even more AWESOME. The game is so much fun, my only grip would be that the multiplayer is a bit laggy, and I wish I could own my own dedicated server for the game,
game-hours: 423.0
review: Fantastic strategy game. Nothing like it anywhere
game-hours: 178.5
review: "I'll just play a quick game of civ" 10 hours pass 10/10 Would play again
game-hours: 67.2
review: If you like strategy, challenge, and sitting at a computer so long your  fuses to your computer chair, Sid Meier's Civilization V is for you. Just wish the DLC wasn't so ing expensive.
game-hours: 180.8
review: just one more turn...
game-hours: 209.6
review: If you are a fan of the Civilization games, dont let this game fool you. No you cannot stack units like previous versions, but there is such a layer of depth involving unit placement and strategic attacks that makes this game much more than any civ game that Ive ever played. The DLC packs add a new level to this with religion and tourism, but the multiplayer aspect does need some work. Mostly the connections can be quite bad. So save often if you are hosting.
game-hours: 170.2
review: this game is awesome if you love controlling a nation and turn based strategy games. It can alos teach you alot in the games "Civilopedia". If you prefer fast paced games this isn't really your game, but if you like patient games that require you to strategize this is your game to play. Steam workshop adds alot of cool stuff to the game and if you have the expansions such as Brave New World or Gods and Kings then the games depth and amazingness increases triple fold.
game-hours: 60.6
review: Played as Ghandi and nuked America 11/10
game-hours: 129.7
review: You get to blow up stuff. 10/10
game-hours: 80.8
review: It was geuodas i promise soooo gfooodlsa; suck civvs  noooow
game-hours: 37.0
review: Ghandi nuked america 10/10
game-hours: 22.3
review: SO ADDICTIVE
game-hours: 112.4
review: 10/10. Will never trust Ghandi again.
game-hours: 23.6
review: This is a great turn based strategy game. I would recommend it to anybody who likes this genre. If you are new to the genre, this is a great starting game.
game-hours: 12.1
review: What i would call the best god game, ive played for days and weeks on the older civ's and this one is just brilliant as well. 9/10
game-hours: 17.3
review: Fun-to-play TBS, easy to learn, hard to master, and very addictive. You should play it. Just for another turn.
game-hours: 165.4
review: Highly, highly reccomended. The sole creator of the "One more turn" tag on Steam, if you're into stratergy or board-games or any kind of management or, hell, even if you just like human history and general conversation? Civ 5 is a game for you. It's simple yet elegant, complicated yet easy to play. It's like Risk and Sim City put together in a multiplayer sensation. Be cautious though: the game only comes alive through the DLC, so expect that additional cost tagged on. Not a game for the poor of wallet or poor of time, but if you do have both - then it is highly, highly reccomended. This here is a good game.
game-hours: 431.1
review: One of the game I have never regretted of buying.
game-hours: 51.0
review: Better love story than twilight
game-hours: 439.6
review: Note that I am discussing the Civ 5: Complete Edition. I'll have to elaborate on Brave New World more in another review, which I recommend as well. Well, here it is. Most have already played and got the idea, but I'll write a nice long review nonetheless. Emphasis on long. So, I'm no stranger to Civilization. In fact, I played many versions - Civ 5, 4, 2 -- even owned and played Colonization, a game that existed before Windows and was installed by floppy disk! You should realize, this franchise is long-running, and has aged well. I don't recall seeing a Sid Meier game released and then called bad, or average for that matter. But I digress, let's talk about Civ 5. Why wait so long to get it? Had to get the PC for it first - nobody likes choppy gameplay these days. I bought a hard copy - I prefer physical over virtual, and anything that doesn't try forcing you online (I didn't fall for the Simcity 2013 trap). Well you need a Steam account anyways, and surprise, that turned out well. So much to explore on Steam now. Veterans know the game well. You start with a band of villagers settling down to inadvertently build a future nation. Build, explore, found others cities, meet other civilizations, defend yourself against invaders, develop technology, and make a proud, strong empire that will guide world into the future - or just go bonk some heads and take everyone else's hard work. You can play MANY ways, evermore with the mods that steam users create, I hope I find time for them. I only have room to explain how I play, on a huge map at marathon speed. I recommend longer game speeds on longer maps to fully exploit the world. In a typical game, first priority is exploring beyond your first city. If you want to thrive, you must learn about the world you live in: Environment, resources, competing civilizations. Hire workers to improve the land, or soldiers first to defend it against opportunists and barbarians. You find luxuries that can excite your citizens, but you must develop the technology first to exploit them. Maybe you find iron ore or horses that grant a large battlefield advantage. Perhaps investing in nearby city-states can aid you later. In a vast, rich game world, you have many valuable strategies to choose; decide the best for your nation, not just now but later. Your rivals have dreams too. Nations grow and focus shifts. Yes, you want everything, but the game makes sure you understand opportunity cost. There is... a LOT to think about: new cities, new land, wealth, research, happiness, religion to motivate your people, culture and social policies to reinforce your realm, barbarians to defeat, great works and wonders to create- I could go on for a while, it's difficult to simplify. The idea is to figure out what you have, want and NEED, so work on that adaptive long-term strategy that eventually builds you the great victorious empire. I emphasize technology - MUCH! As the game progresses, good decisions and bonuses stack up, especially with Brave New World DLC. Your ships cross the oceans to find new lands to build upon. Trade excess luxuries with other civilizations for their exclusive commodities, or become an ally with a city-state that simply supplies it. Technology changes the world, from battle to industry to the arts. Research reveals new strategic resources such as coal and oil, usually under land you already developed or in areas you thought useless (makes desert and tundra worthy of attention). Ideologies are adopted, and you could find entire former friends and countries in serious standoffs between Freedom and Order. (Autocracy? You show your intent and true colors in choosing that, I dare you.) And when you reach the modern age and find uranium... oh boy... Assuming you play well, the road to victory becomes clear. Be the conqueror with Tanks, Stealth Bombers and XCOM squadrons (XCOM is fun, so I forgive 2K for product placement). Be culturally dominant where everyone comes to see your great works and wonders (and buy your blue jeans and listen to your pop music!). Be a tech-crazed nerd that founds a space colony. Or just get the high score. Combat works real well in this game - I still loathe the "Dice roll" in Civ 4; you engage with 98% chance of victory, and end up losing! Tactical analysis shows the damage and outcome of battle before you engage, allowing you to better seek victory, then go to war (Sun Tzu, we're proud of you). You can't stack units like in Civ 4, but don't worry, the game balances that out very well. Another differences from Civ 4 - how you produce gold, research, and culture. This is no longer done by percentage allocation, good - you don't need to sacrifice research for gold now. Sorry, not enough room for all the changes in this review. What I love about Civ 5: war is not the only means of victory. You can devote your efforts into what history finds more admirable. Cultural or science victories means you put time in your cities to create a proud nation beyond yourself, and it paid off. You invested in a wondrous and creative world instead of lighting it on fire. Beware those who nukes cities in their games. That said, training too few soldiers or assuming that AI civs are trustworthy is a BIG mistake. If you're like me, you don't let the AI push you. - No Sir, I will NOT give you 2718 gold for nothing! - Oh, the Czarina of Russia doesn't like me settling near her realm - get over it, I want my Copper. - Ghandi's calling out warmongering, cause I seized Rome - he didn't even like Caesar! That dictator should've kept his Great Prophet out of my realm. (Yeah, crusades erupt a lot in my games, will we ever learn from history?) - Shaka, you're as bad as Montezuma in Civ 4! (Always had to erase them) - And I don't give horses to Mongolia, they'll use that to invade me! Mongolian Horsemen are scary! Oh, and the catalyst in Civ 5 that awakens the warlord inside you - the bullet point that someone built the Great Wonder just before you did. No hint they were building it, or even could build it - all the time, all the work you were put in the Colossus or Great Library now amounts to nothing! So what's the obvious, logical, reasonable response? I don't know - I just unleash an army on whoever built it, capture the Wonder and burn half of the culprit's remaining empire. Everyone knows the "Seriously?" Achievement. I KNOW you understand. This leads to the other major annoyance - Warmonger effects, something not explained very well in the game. This goes back to my fighting Caesar. It was the Medieval Age, to be renamed the Crusade Era. Seriously, his Great Prophet kept reversing my missionaries' work - in my own cities! This clash might as well began the same way the historical Thirty Years War did - by tossing your religious rivals out the window! Anyway, his power matched mine in military, culture, and tech (not economics - no AI ever reaches my tier). All the other Civs applaud my standing up to Caesar. Heck, they ALL reinforced it by denoucing him. They loved me - at first. Then I seize Rome - I educate my enemies by taking their prize. I go an "Extreme" Warmonger penalty. Everyone hated me the REST OF THE GAME - to the Info Age! I never wronged them, but they were envious, alienating me with no way to appease them (nothing to liberate)! It got so bad, that I stopped caring, built a huge army and conquered the world afterwards. REAP WHAT YOU SOW! Surely a Mod exists so that you can erase that Penalty overtime... Like strategy and thinking in your games? You will enjoy Civilization V. It's immersive, it's undauntingly replayable, you learn a little actual history from it. I'm surprised - people still play it years after release. There's not enough room for to me to explain all the good stuff, so you should read other reviews as well. This game receives a high score in my book.
game-hours: 160.8
review: It's Civilization. Sid Meiers. Great Game, long play time, not a killer on the DLC.
game-hours: 135.5
review: my supermodel gf who i spent most of my years with married gave me a choice this game or a divorce... well im happy to tell you im at my moms house enjoying this game even more 10/10
game-hours: 12.0
review: Great Game, Best played Multiplayer, though that was probably intended! 9/10 (could be harder)
game-hours: 10.8
review: 5,9 hours on record and still can't finish the tutorial 15/10
game-hours: 95.3
review: One of the best strategy games ive played in a while and the dlcs just make it better!
game-hours: 53.0
review: It's alright 10/10
game-hours: 595.2
review: Innovation is the word that comes to mind when I think of the Civilization series. Never has a turn-based startegy game encompassed such a wide spectrum of entertainment as Sid Meier's Civilization V has. Whether it be through managing the happiness of your citizens or destroying your enemies cities, Civilization has much to offer in terms of playability and content. What makes this game so entertaining is the ability to shape and mold a civlization according to your own preferences(Advisors will help you if you if you lack knowledge of what to build and research). To do this, you must fend off barbarians, city states, and other civilizations that may come in your way. If you're not familiar with the civilization series, the goal of the game is to obtain a victory first before the other civilizations. In Civlization V primarily, there are 5 victory types; Culture, Science, Time, Diplomacy, and Domination. Each vitory type has its own set of conditions that need to be met to be able to win the game. When you first start your game, geography and resources are important factors that play into the success of your city and future cities. Workers improve tiles (plots of land one hexagon wide), giving you the resources within your borders. You may use these resources to make your citizens happy, build buildings and units, and barter with other civilizations for their own resources. Unfortunately, diplomacy has been toned down in the amount you can do since Civilzation 4, lessening your chances of visiting leaders for important reasons besides war. Along with diplomacy and resource distribution, comes the creative technology tree. In every Civ game, you must research technologies to be able to build better units, buildings, and wonders to keep up with the other civilizations and their progress. Researching technologies also shows important resources on the map and allows your workers to build improvements to obtain those resources. Given the different amount of ways you can play Civlization, variety in itself will keep you busy as you click away to finish your turn. The graphical quality of this game is incredible, giving off a beautiful realistic environment. I found myself in awe just watching the movement of other civilization's leaders. Having said that, sometimes the graphics tend to glitch, especially in multipllayer mode where the screen may repeatedly flash black. But given the competition, the graphics are absolutely spot-on. Within the civilization community, players may create mods to keep the game filled with new content including leaders, wonders, policies, buildings, even in-game editors to bring destruction upon your foes. I highly reccomend this game for veterans in strategy games, and new players to strategy games as well because of its effective tutorials. The replay value is incredible with how many ways you can play Civilization, with ever-increasing content through the modding community allowing you to build a civilization that can stand the test of time. I give this game a 9/10
game-hours: 111.1
review: tons of fun! one of the best strategy games I've ever played!
game-hours: 28.0
review: fun fun fun Get the game its very fun and you can start a world war and trade with other countries.
game-hours: 1149.8
review: This game consumed over 1,100 hours of my life, and I regret none of them. Definitely worth the money I spent on it.
game-hours: 32.4
review: Multiplayer - good experience, although you need a host with good internet speed. Controls - doesn't come natural. Graphics - good enought for a grand strat. Music - not amazing but I didn't expect that from a grand strat. Score of 7/10.
game-hours: 393.3
review: I love this game a lot! The 325 hours I spent playing this game can comfirm my love for this game. I spent countless days with my friend on multiplayer playing through the night and going to sleep at 6 AM.
game-hours: 377.6
review: Great Game!
game-hours: 176.3
review: Awesome Game very addictive and easy to lose track of time for hours
game-hours: 102.8
review: O FFS I had a life a few hours ago. I don't anymore...
game-hours: 258.5
review: Civilization 5 One more turn, just one more turn. You'll be saying that when playing civ5, and the sad part is you wont be able to stop. Many of nights I have conquered my foes, built up my army, taking any land I can get my hands on with my victory in reach! Unfortunately, I had to go to bed, leaving only dust and ruins in my wake. The tile based strategy has you struggling for land, resources, and neighboring cities with turn after turn conquering as you go. So if you are looking for a game, that has a vary deep strategy, play with the AI or your buddies? Play Civ5! Do it! Pro  There are a lot of Civilizations to pick from and each DLC adds more. Play with friends, with the new pitboss mode. Play your own way, peaceful or roll over everyone to claim victory! (Some civs focus on different winning strategies) The DLC is worth it, really. Con  AI can be unforgiving, it has a huge issues with it's rubber band AI. It can go from pants on head derp-derp to bobby fisher in a drop of a hat. Online play can take ages, and it is vary slow. Some Civs are inherently weaker or stronger then others. (Still, all are playable just use your head!) Verdict  This is the highest forum of turn-based strategy you can play. Every other game feels like it's borrowing from this one. The core game is not worth your money, if you can buy the gold edition or get some really awesome deals do it! Each DLC is totally worth it, i just keep adding more good stuff that will keep you playing forever!
game-hours: 135.3
review: yes
game-hours: 15.9
review: It's Civilization V. What more do you need?
game-hours: 52.5
review: Its nice but you must play it in long durations of time in order to enjoy the game. Playing in in a short period of time is like eating one potato chip
game-hours: 608.6
review: Sid Meier's Civ - no need to comment more :)
game-hours: 264.6
review: Okay, I'll just make a water mill in my new city, and it's 5 in the morning already?
game-hours: 631.8
review: I really love this game. I highly recommend it. Each new Civ game just gets better and better.
game-hours: 33.8
review: Where did all of my time go? I want it back, please give it back.
game-hours: 189.0
review: Trust Fear down there. He knows what he's talking about, haha. Its an amazing game to play while grinding on a Xbox or PS game or with friends. Worth a buy. 100%.
game-hours: 84.3
review: buy this game s
game-hours: 20.8
review: Amazing game 9/10 Would do a world war again and kill Brazil first Pedro you piece of  >.>
game-hours: 182.4
review: IT IS GOOD
game-hours: 62.0
review: legendary game!
game-hours: 44.3
review: Very fun to play.
game-hours: 121.6
review: It's like Sim City on crack.
game-hours: 35.8
review: Best way to spend 18 hours in one take.
game-hours: 8.9
review: Just bought this game on sale cause i got addicted after playing the demo a few friends warned me about the dangerous path that lies ahead....They warned me about the one they call gandhi the destroyer of worlds, I shrugged it off an started my conquest. I was about 10 turns into my game when the balded headed messiah came to waving a white flag of peace. I stupidly accepted an was soon deceived, because a few turns later he delcared war with me an killed me. Turns out that flag was a bunch of lies an deception. 10/10 Would be deceived again
game-hours: 1.9
review: This is amazing, a huge improvement over CIV 4. The graphics are way better, and the hexagon like grid system makes it alot easier to move around. You can see mountains through the fog, the game no longer continually nags you to build unit A when you want unit B, gameplay is fast and fluent and it steam workshop support is a big plus. My only issue is that there is no way to turn off the camera moving when the mouse is at the edge of the screen. I seriously recommend this to anyone who has played any previous CIV game, or any fans of the RTS genre
game-hours: 8.6
review: Amazing, addictive, historical turn based strategy. I should've bought it sooner. 9.4/10
game-hours: 321.4
review: have had tons of fun playing with friends
game-hours: 172.0
review: Crazily addictive game in single-player. Prepare to get shafted in multiplayer.
game-hours: 204.3
review: Very disapointed steamwork shop is not supported with the mac.
game-hours: 498.6
review: definitely worth the value
game-hours: 70.2
review: Civilization V-Wow! I only logged on about 19 hours in this turn-base strategy game so I barely scratched the surface. It is my favorite game in my steam library so far.
game-hours: 555.6
review: I like this game a lot. But the trade is too hard too make.
game-hours: 44.2
review: great game although not advisable if you have any form of life at all though, such a good time waster.
game-hours: 104.2
review: Hours and hours of replayability. Money well spent
game-hours: 114.8
review: A Great Game for Fans of Sid, while the vanilia (no DLC) is fun even without the mods i highly suggest you get everything it has to offer if not for the base game then for the cool,fun,funny, and awe insiring mods that many fantastic steam members have made base: 9.5/10 with mods: 10/10
game-hours: 254.8
review: Played a game against Russia. Never got along with them. A new Cold War dawned. I lost and was nuked. 10/10.
game-hours: 155.4
review: Best Civilization ever!
game-hours: 184.5
review: Great game! Turn based strategy reaches its maximum level in Civilization series and Civ V inherits all basic characteristics of previous games, adding some new game mechanics that render the game even more enjoyable. Good variety of units and buildings, good managing of technological improvements, interesting combat mechanics... those are just a few aspects that make the game worth to be played. Possible improvements may be related to greater customization of units and building for each civilization, not just 1 or 2 unique units, but maybe a complete unique tree of evolving units, several unique buildings or dedicated technologies, just to differenciate the gaming experience for each selected civilization. Multiple end goals make it possible to define your own strategy of winning, without requiring you to obliterate your enemies or expand throughout the whole game map. Can't wait for Civ VI! :)
game-hours: 319.7
review: 10/10
game-hours: 15.7
review: A pretty accessible grand strategy game. It has improved a lot over the years, and the "A Brave New World" expansion, has made the game a lot more entertaining. Be aware, however, that this game takes away a lot of your time!
game-hours: 35.7
review: Leave this page,now!!!!!!!
game-hours: 78.6
review: Was not that thrilled with it at first as I found it a bit lacking compared to Civ 4 but with the Brave New World expansion it's a completely different thing. Possibly one of the best expansions released for a game in recent years.
game-hours: 0.7
review: Such a good game the DLC make the game feel completely different, would recommend it to anyone. nonetheless a great game overall
game-hours: 38.4
review: The strategy you must play!
game-hours: 134.3
review: gr8
game-hours: 230.8
review: You must have enough time to play it but I love it. lOl
game-hours: 964.5
review: Best series of games ever, bar none. Sid Meier rules.
game-hours: 16.0
review: I nearly ed when i played this game
game-hours: 243.5
review: one of the best games iv ever had the pleasure of playing i have logged around 112 hours and bought both DLC's.
game-hours: 4.4
review: This game is just completly awesome!!!
game-hours: 241.8
review: Absolutely Brilliant
game-hours: 71.2
review: This is a great game, you win if you focus on science
game-hours: 97.7
review: if I can not have the original Microsoft AGE this is all I am left with
game-hours: 34.6
review: Waiting for players...
game-hours: 238.0
review: top kek
game-hours: 1414.6
review: Best All around and gets better and better with every expansion
game-hours: 165.0
review: Really a nice and impressive GAME
game-hours: 679.5
review: Great game, makes hours of playtime seem like minutes. Make sure you get the expansions, though.
game-hours: 41.9
review: Not a good game if you played previous civs. Features were taken out and lazily implemented in expansion pack leading to a very lackluster experience. Conquest seems to be the only way to win in this game because AI is . Decent for a first timer but civ 4 is better.
game-hours: 55.4
review: Great Game. You Should Buy It. Great Multiplayer Maches. Good To Play With Friends.
game-hours: 64.9
review: This is good game. Buy please thanks
game-hours: 753.7
review: Just as ridiculously frickin' addictive as all the others. Sigh.
game-hours: 110.4
review: Good game if you like strategy games. It's not a fast paste game and you just sit back and play the game for some hours.
game-hours: 278.9
review: One of the best turn-based strategy game.Yea.
game-hours: 154.1
review: A fantastic turn-based strategy game.The best representation of the series and certainly the most accessible for new and old players alike.
game-hours: 23.9
review: awesome
game-hours: 181.2
review: 9/10
game-hours: 759.1
review: Amazing.
game-hours: 7.1
review: This game is a must, ive ben playing nonstop. super fun if youre just now getting in to pc gaming like i am. i plan to put many more hours into this game!
game-hours: 725.3
review: This is madne... no, it's epically awesome. Everybody loves raining nuclear weapons on their enemies' cities and obliterating them out of existence, right? Right?
game-hours: 5537.5
review: To me this game is awesome, ive played and have owned all of the versions of civilization and would recommend to one and all
game-hours: 61.2
review: It's a great game but its even more fun with friends.
game-hours: 107.4
review: Super addictive and easily the best game on steam. Super fun too. And awesome mods on the workshop.
game-hours: 32.1
review: Fun game learning curve but fun with lots of friends and baes
game-hours: 55.6
review: love this game must get game or you will die a lonely life
game-hours: 12.0
review: Buy this now.....OK!!!!
game-hours: 140.2
review: Super Sweet Game, will play forever. or until Civ:BeyondEarth Comes Out
game-hours: 31.5
review: Personal Rating: 8/10 I love Strategy games. Civilization V did NOT dissapoint. It's one of those few strategy games that has so much to offer, I've played the game for the bare minimum I think, I haven't even scratched the surface on the content this game has to offer. It has multiple leaders, continents and ways of winning the game. The options allow the user to freely change as much or as little as they want, such as No Barbarians to Raging Barbarians. Anyways, gameplay wise, it's great. It can take some time but that is the point of turn based strategy games like Civ. The art style is beautiful, with each leader speaking his or her own language, be it Spanish, Italian, Greek or English, the game is fluent in that language. It really helps with the immersion of the game. HOWEVER. The AI can be a little awkward at times. Not in the gameplay, it's flawlessly beautiful there, but in the trading aspect. Where in, if you offer Open Borders for Open Borders then they will think that's an absurd deal. It's very unfortunate because it makes it very hard to actually travel around your continent/map. Also, Gandhi is a ing War Mongler, he is not to be messed with or else he will nuke your .
game-hours: 135.7
review: Thanks Civ V! Now I'll never have faith in inspirational world leaders like Ghandi again 10/10
game-hours: 405.3
review: Simply one of the best games ever. Recommended that you play with all expansions added. It took me a short while to make the leap from Civ 4 to Civ 5 but now I'd never look back. Indeed, I look forward very much to Civ: Beyond Earth and, hopefully one day, Civ 6.
game-hours: 63.2
review: I've always been a fan of the Civ games. Something about decimating the world and then going for the science victory just calls to me.
game-hours: 692.7
review: I was introduced to the Civ series a few years back, and i've since loved it. This game is great to play, Great Graphics, Immersive gameplay (and i mean Immersive.), and plenty of DLC and fanmade mods to expand the game. Now, a year or two ago, i started playing the game before this, Civ IV. If i were to compare the two, i would say that Civ IV is better in terms of gameplay, but Civ V has better combat. The problem i had in 4 is that i had to constantly keep building units, even then, i hated the combat system, like how can spearmen defeat tanks? Civ V is better, using a health system of 10 HP (100 HP in G&K upward) this makes my units feel more important and not like they are cannon fodder. In Civ 4, the buildings, wonders, and diplomacy was great, i really loved seeing the wonder being built after i had completed it. Cites also had health, which i felt was a great addition. In 5, the buildings are ok, the wonder splash screen is kinda disappointing, but the diplomacy here kinda sucks. I mean, you want to have 5 of my luxury resources for one of yours? You also couldn't trade maps/technolgy in here as well, which kinda makes you feel isolated at times. The expansions to a real great job of fixing and improving game mechanics. G&K adds religion, esponage, and adds a more diverse health system. BNW has trade routes and the world congress, which i really like. But what sells me on this game is all the historical work. You could take one or two hours just looking though the civilopedia and just reading all the historical info attached to the unit. Though Civ mixes all the historical features in the main game (which i have fun with), it's still quite fun to look back at how far we've come. All in all, i give Civ V 7/10, G&K, 8/10, and BNW 9/10.
game-hours: 6.2
review: Got 6 hours into it, pretty addciting, especially if you're into History, managing a country and, command and conquering.
game-hours: 78.9
review: Didnt know if I would like this game but friend recommended it while the Summer Sale was going and I'm not dissapointed so far. All in all a very good game.
game-hours: 74.8
review: Civ V has taught me much about everything. From handy quotes such as "Don't trust a computer you can't throw out a window," to Ghandi's true nuke-loving personality. Seriously, this game couldn't be better. In fact, I tried to think of ways it could be better, and my head started leaking red fluid. True story. Best enjoyed, in my opinion, with some hot chocolate and a ham sandwich. Now you that, and I'm going to go to a hospital
game-hours: 278.9
review: This game has always ben a fun drop and pick up game. It is hard at times the advisors do not say alot of usefull information. The CPU seems to out perform most of the time. I do find it easy to make wonders faster then the cpu though. Barbarians spawn reduculosly fast. I miss the diplomats who could bribe them and steal technology. Well it has been fun though.
game-hours: 311.3
review: This game has been on of my favorite series since I got civ 3 as a kid. Civ 5 certaintly does not disapoint as the next step in an awesome series! 10/10!
game-hours: 714.3
review: Extremely addicting game. I've played for hours and not realized that any time has passed. The ai are finicky and at times irrational, but that probably accurately describes global politics in gneneral.
game-hours: 281.6
review: Incredible addition to the series; almost as addictive as CIV III. Although the graphics are nice, it feels like it should be able to run on less powerful machines.
game-hours: 47.0
review: Great Game! Incredible depth, but very, very,very time consuming. At time of writing i have 44 hours on record and i have finished about two games.
game-hours: 218.4
review: GG
game-hours: 177.4
review: Its safe to say , is one of the best games i ever played , it will steal many hours of your time with a incredible strategy in deep game
game-hours: 144.1
review: First turn based strategy game I've ever got into, and I have quickly become obsessed.
game-hours: 3.7
review: Buy It 420
game-hours: 412.4
review: Another great installment in this classic franchise.
game-hours: 30.1
review: Civ V is a piece of art. I love this game and every aspect of it. I love the feeling you get when you capture a city or even an empire. Keep it up Civ. I hope there will be a Civ VI.
game-hours: 15.1
review: i personally enjoy this game very much and find it fun to play, the graphics are pretty good and it doesnt get boring.The only problem i have with it is the builder automation wont build roads as it did in civilization 4.all in all that is just a minor inconvenience and almost everything else about this game has been improved from civilization 4.
game-hours: 83.0
review: I recoment game for guys with addiction to drugs and chemics, These last will be easy song in compare to CIV game
game-hours: 62.2
review: Stately, plump Buck Mulligan came from the stairhead, bearing a bowl of lather on which a mirror and a razor lay crossed. A yellow dressinggown, ungirdled, was sustained gently behind him by the mild morning air. He held the bowl aloft and intoned: Introibo ad altare Dei.
game-hours: 357.5
review: Prepare for sleepless nights
game-hours: 74.1
review: Fantastic game, deep gameplay mechanics and a wonderful multiplayer too.
game-hours: 126.8
review: Very fun game. Only had it for a day and have already have played a lot. Probably the best strategy game ever. 10/10
game-hours: 165.7
review: Ghandi launched nukes at me :(
game-hours: 160.1
review: The grand daddy of 4X games. Simple and easy to understand yet deep enough if you so desire. Be ready to find yourself with missing blocks of time after beginning a session of this game. Oh and start from the ancient era, don't be a wuss.
game-hours: 119.9
review: Great game. I'm an achievement fiend, and achieving these brings me back to this game over and over again. Love the variety and enjoy that I can play different things and learn different skills depending what I want to achiee.
game-hours: 131.1
review: wew, Perang2an. ojo di install tok coy, tapi login terus main lah....
game-hours: 788.6
review: I love Sid Meiers Civilization Franchise. The games are very well round allowing for different tactics and strategies. The difference in the game speeds allow you to have a very slow and tactical matchup were planning into the future is the key to everything, or you can make a game where time flies by and you build everything faster so its straight to war and is action packed based more in the moment. The Communitas Mods that are available in the workshop for free are must have Mods for this game. Civilization V failed to deliver on a rapid expansion strategy that works and the mods not only allow more strategies like that one but also adds several more buildings into the game along with units and all and all makes the very good base mechanics Civ's delevopers worked on and improved the gameplay to reflect Civ's playability. I would reccommend this game to anyone who like strategy games without hesitation. I have over 600 Hours and still continue to play it on occasion cause its that entertaining.
game-hours: 34.8
review: civilization
game-hours: 60.2
review: 10/10 would Play Warlord Gandhi again.
game-hours: 53.5
review: SOLID. Anyone who enjoys politics, government, strategy, warfare, culture or history will absolutely love this title. After playing Civ IV, I feel like Civ V takes the cake. It's hours and hours of epicness. Enjoy.
game-hours: 71.5
review: Look at the time I've logged and know that I bought this game for cheaps on a sale. It's criminal that you can have that much fun for that little money. Somebody should pass a law and call it the "Civ Law." Never again. Not in our backyard. It's anti-Capitalist.
game-hours: 395.9
review: One of the best and most addicting turn based stratagy games in existance. 10/10
game-hours: 131.7
review: Good game that if you like 4x style games is a must have.
game-hours: 59.7
review: A game that revolutionizes turn-based stradegy games. Adding new features never seen before in TBS like hexagonal tiles, which create new combat scenarios and make gameplay smoother, and the greatest dimplomatic choices seen in a stradegy. With many different civilizations to choose from and each one of them being unique with great abilities, like Washington's ability to have units see one tile ahead than normal units or Caeser's ability to have production 50%+ in the capital. Multiplayer is great experience although setting up a match can be confusing to newcomers. Games can last from 4-24 hours giving tons of gameplay oppurtunity. Sid Meier's Civilization V is not only one of the most revolutionary turn based stradegy games, but one of the best.
game-hours: 136.7
review: A must have!
game-hours: 42.3
review: awesome stragetic gameplay if you see this then buy this and you will be an happy man... or woman
game-hours: 405.1
review: 10/10 would bang again. Seriously though this game is great to play with friends or without. Dont like how the game is stock? This game is very mod friendly so if you wanna mod the  out of it, whats stopping you?
game-hours: 55.5
review: Very long game sessions
game-hours: 132.7
review: This is a fun game that makes you wish you were a banana-republic dictator. You too can create a world where the Mayans rule the world with blood sacrifices!
game-hours: 148.2
review: Very enjoyable and addicting game I reccomend buying more than 1 copy for you and your friends to play
game-hours: 61.2
review: A great game many hours of pleasure, well worth it.
game-hours: 27.2
review: 10/10/10/10 Best TBS game ever. But I only have one problem with this game: Ghandi
game-hours: 1221.6
review: one of the best games ever. if you ever looked. i have played 832 hours on under a year. and i am no cpu gamer but this is my second fav. my number 1 is rct2 and victory at sea. but still pretty good game
game-hours: 138.1
review: 10/10 glorious germany
game-hours: 69.7
review: Very fun game and worth the money.
game-hours: 281.1
review: I have close to 300 hours on this game and it is still amazing with the DLC that has came out over the years it has progressed to become better and better. This was also the first game that i bought that required steam so this was my first steam game and it was a great choice.
game-hours: 95.7
review: I have no idea what I'm doing but I love it.
game-hours: 97.7
review: Buy this game. Play with history. 9/10
game-hours: 40.5
review: I like it
game-hours: 303.0
review: I recommend. Very fun game.
game-hours: 155.5
review: Great game, even with you dont line turn based strategy games, its deep and complex, and you'll certanly spend tons of hours in simples maps.
game-hours: 716.6
review: more than 580 hours played, enough said...
game-hours: 46.2
review: Love this game...always have always will. Not all that hard to pick up and play on low level difficulties but like most games if you go in blind you will probably not get all you want out of this game.
game-hours: 191.1
review: Still can't get enough of this game. Even after more than 20 years.
game-hours: 451.0
review: Best strategy game ever made. I've been playing it for more than 20 years and still love it!
game-hours: 30.8
review: A great strategy game for everybody. In this game you start a civilization thousands of years ago, and advance your civilization to where humans are today! Establish a great economy, a great army, or make your empire culturally flourish. With many difficulty levels for any skill level of play, moddability, replay value, long-lasting games, there's no way you can go wrong with Civilization V.
game-hours: 50.9
review: Another great installment of one of the greatest video game series of all time. The replay value of this game is unrivalled.
game-hours: 66.2
review: Do not buy if you have: 1. School 2. A spouse 3. A life They will get neglected.
game-hours: 8.6
review: 5 minutes in: How the **** do I play this game 5 Hours in: How the **** do I stop playing this game? 10/10
game-hours: 206.7
review: Three words: don't trust Ghandi. he will nuke you when he gets urainium. Probably the best strategy game i have ever played and that exists.
game-hours: 17.4
review: you'll never notice how time flies :D
game-hours: 28.9
review: DAMN GOOD
game-hours: 70.2
review: love it and it's intention. If it's intention was education and enjoyment ,i rate civ 5 as N#1
game-hours: 315.4
review: Wish it had the Civ IV sound of it. Baba Yetu, and Leonard Nemoy but great game still similar no stacking of units like in IV, the expansion packs are worth it also. The scenarios are hard, and the achievements are (good luck) impossible to get them all.
game-hours: 274.5
review: Great game. Addicting. Fun. You'll never notice hours fly by.
game-hours: 448.2
review: amazing game
game-hours: 449.9
review: A really cool game that is extremly addictive. Would recommend this game to anyone who loves turn-based strategy games.
game-hours: 102.9
review: Ah yes this little gem, one of the most time consuming turn based strategy games. There is so many things that can happen in just a turn! Just waste your life already buy this.
game-hours: 330.9
review: Its a really fun game to play whit your friends. But that if ur not going cross platform. Allways out of sync so you cant play as a pc user whit a mac user.
game-hours: 104.6
review: I sypothize with the people who dont have this game. I have played civ since civ 2 and i still love it every time i play a new one. You play as an empire crushing all in your path with whatever weapons you see fit :D. Want to watch the world burn? Let your plains rain nuclear warheads on the heads of our enemies. Want to seek peace and prosperity? Go diplomatic and give your resources to everyone you meet. Want to achive a sience victory? Be the first one to go to space. The possibilites are endless. I however prefer to see my enemies destroyed at my feet.
game-hours: 187.7
review: it was good
game-hours: 452.5
review: Following the release of Brave New World, this is as addictive as ever, Brave New World really fixed the end game which was somewhat lacking. The diplomatic victory is unfortunately still very easy to attain, so I leave that turned off, but the revamp of the culture victory with the introduction of tourism really helps the game where the culture system previously only really served to expand your territory.
game-hours: 409.4
review: So good, but if you have a friend or two to play it with it becomes ten times better!
game-hours: 115.5
review: nice game. really njoy it but the multiplayer got some problem. hope fixed soon.
game-hours: 116.7
review: ing gandhi man, thats all I gotta say.
game-hours: 154.6
review: CIVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVV!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Buy It with your money
game-hours: 42.3
review: too many dlcs, but worths every penny
game-hours: 138.8
review: its a good game with all the expansions, be prepared to stay awake till 6 am, and one more move is a lie
game-hours: 604.2
review: I have put over five hundred hours in to this game do i realy have to say any more.
game-hours: 133.5
review: This game is a great, fun game, but it does have its downsides. First, let's start with the good-side. It's really fun and lets you customize the world map, in many different ways. Second there are so many different civilizations, maps, options, and difficulties that it has a lot of replayability. Third, there are a lot of dlcs, especially the Gods and Kings DLC adds a whole new world of options. Fourth, there are many different ways to play, if you like war go for domination; if you want to be the art center of the world, go for culture, and many more. However, the games can take you a long time to finish; for example, when you first start a game if you start with many civs and have a large empire it could take you many hours to finish that game, but you can save your progress, so whether this is a good thing, or a bad thing depends on you. Now the bad, the only really bad thing the game has is unstable multiplayer matches that can sometimes freeze the civs, and make the player have to exit out of Civ 5, but this depends mostly on the hosts connection. Lastly, most multiplayer matches use dlc, which if someone uses a civ you don't have you can't play in that server, however servers that use no dlc have an indication by the server and there are usually a handful to choose from. Overall this game, if you like strategy games, with many variations on how you can play is definitely worth the money.
game-hours: 118.9
review: A lot of fun multiplayer or singleplayer I recommend this game if you want a strategy game to play offline, it has a very high replayablity. The ridiculous situations you can find yourself in are amusing enough but that is just icing on the cake the feeling of toppling a rival nation is quite rewarding.
game-hours: 11.3
review: Greatest way to kill time...if you have days to kill that is! It's amazing.
game-hours: 24.6
review: It's like being Hitler
game-hours: 351.5
review: great game if you like strategy game
game-hours: 700.0
review: So addictive
game-hours: 16.1
review: Time blackhole. 9/10 Real review. +Great turn-based RTS. +Managing friendship between country. -Expension pack are too priced for me.
game-hours: 151.6
review: Sid Meier is the most prominent developer behind the "Games are a series of interesting decisions"-philosophy. Civilization V started as a simplistic war-simulation. After two expansions, it's a grand game of global diplomacy that allows many playstyles. For example, a one-city civilization can win via cultural domination without ever fighting a war (as long you make friends with your neighbors) As a turn-based game, Civilization does not have a mechanical skill aspect; it's all about the strategy. While Civilization lets you use your wits, it's also a very efficient time-waster. It's a little funny for a game without a storyline to have one playthough last for tens of hours, but that's completely normal in Civilization. "One more turn" is basically a meme at this point, because the game can be hard to put down. On lower difficulty levels, you might find yourself on autopilot playing all night. Watch out. The biggest issue in Civilization V is still the AI. The computer has gotten a bit better at the game after some updates, but there's still plenty of illogical behavior. Unfortunately, the multiplayer component also has some issues. It's difficult to set up an asynchronous game, and I've had some issues with clients freezing and save files getting corrupted on the multiplayer side. If you are planning to play long games with your friends, look into Giant Multiplayer Robot. It's a third party service that helps handle the save files between players, making the whole ordeal much less painful. In conclusion, Civilization V is a really good (possibly addictive) turn-based grand strategy, that has some issues with AI. Accessible yet quite deep.
game-hours: 23.1
review: Good Games 10/10
game-hours: 653.9
review: All the usual reccomendations. Old game by now but still solid, especcially with expansions and DLC.
game-hours: 562.5
review: If you are into strategy games, this is one of the most challenging I've ever tried. It's fun and exciting like it's predecessors. I would say It's one of the better games I've tried. And if you don't find it as challenging as I do. Well you just jump to deity and see if you can keep up your pace!
game-hours: 490.6
review: I've played it 400+ hours. What more to say? Its worth all its dollars, euros and pounds!
game-hours: 70.0
review: Pick a civ, conquer the world through whatever means take your interest. Runs smooth, decent mod community and works great for LAN parties. What's really not to like?
game-hours: 136.5
review: My sleep cycle has never been the same after a good dose of Civ V. Multiplayer is a bit heavy to play with constant lag issues.
game-hours: 90.7
review: Good game. The best thing compared to Civ4: the improved combat system. Game design took the direction of turning the franchise from an empire building simulation game, into a dumbed down strategy game the thing I didn't like.
game-hours: 32.1
review: Great game couldn't stop playing for 10 hours.
game-hours: 32.9
review: It is a fun game :3
game-hours: 33.8
review: One of the best games ever played, Is so fun with friends but is also fun on single player. The long hours put into one game makes it very rewarding once the game has finally finished what i love about this game.
game-hours: 114.2
review: Best RTS game ever. First one iv'e played was Tzar, and that was a long time ago. This is so much better. 5 Stars
game-hours: 78.9
review: An unrelenting addiction. If you have important deadlines approaching then FOR THE LOVE OF GOODNESS don't start playing this game. However, if you have a few weeks worth of hours to spare, you will soon learn the joys of conquering the world as a vengeful Gandhi.
game-hours: 468.5
review: This game rocks. Just one more turn...
game-hours: 18.8
review: it is fun
game-hours: 186.5
review: Just... can't... stop... playing... one... more... turn... then im going to bed/work/eat
game-hours: 59.9
review: Incredible. Simply incredible. This is by far the best strategy game on the markets. I recommend this to anyone who enjoys strategy, and encourage you to starg on their seatbelts, cause' yo're goinbg for the ride of your gaming life.
game-hours: 4.4
review: A fun game to play.
game-hours: 370.8
review: good game
game-hours: 99.6
review: 100 hours played and made it to the end only 2 times...
game-hours: 250.6
review: One of the best strategy games, of all time.
game-hours: 50.2
review: Excellent game, amazing graphics. Gameplay is outstanding and i cant get enough of it! DLC has amazing content aswell, totally happy with this game
game-hours: 793.4
review: Vanilla CiV was a good game, but each additional layer has made meaningful improvements and added delightful depth leading to a full version that is a GREAT game.
game-hours: 256.5
review: (y)
game-hours: 82.3
review: nearly perfect! but you need all the DLC to get the most out of it.
game-hours: 47.3
review: Lots of fun, very time consuming
game-hours: 155.2
review: great game.
game-hours: 181.2
review: Chose Atilla. Burned entire world down by 1400. 10/10 Would Recommend
game-hours: 11.2
review: Making secret alliances, declaring war on Ghandi, expanding my civilization and taking control is a great feeling and if you like a good strategy game, this game delivers.
game-hours: 43.7
review: I love this game! Wish i had the expansions though, cause i heard it really adds to the game! If you start playing it, prepare to surrender your life.
game-hours: 39.0
review: This game can only be described as a hole filled with fun. I first got this game on a whim because everyone else in my friends list was playing it for a time. Bearing in mind i don't really like RTS games or close to them, I found my immediately hooked on it, always telling myself "one more turn!" This has since led to me playing an all out war against thge world with it spanning several hours over 2 days! The visuals are sublime and all the little sound effects and animations just help make it all more engaging. You feel a genuine sense of victory when you take out a civilization ahead of you. There is also anger and revenge when you see a leader taunting you, asking for your immediate surrender when you are close to wiping them out! One other feature that is really fun is being able to choose your own development path, meaning that there is no right answer that is best. I heartily recommend this game, it will pull you in for hours and you will not feel guilty for it!
game-hours: 135.1
review: Amazingly Addictive, with all the DLC this game will have you playing non-stop for hours. Though it seems complicated at first it gets much easier and better with time. 11/10 would play again.
game-hours: 60.6
review: This game is ruining my life. 10/10.
game-hours: 29.8
review: One of the most in-depth strategy games that I've played. AWESOMELY MAGNAFLORIOUS!!!!!
game-hours: 418.6
review: Love the game!
game-hours: 71.9
review: This game is great I could play it all day long if it wasn't for the fact that I need to eat and sleep.
game-hours: 154.1
review: One of the best TBS games out there. Steam version also comes with an insane ammount of achievements for the.... collectors. Definitely recommended!!
game-hours: 499.7
review: I've been a fan of Civilization franchise since the original game appeared way back in 1991. I played this on both PC and Amiga and had many sleepless nights ruling the world. Since the original there have been many sequels and clones - both good and bad but until this, the latest version I never quite had the same love or passion for the game. Each expansion pack has altered the game play, but in a subtle way as to not distract from the excellent play style delivered by the core game, and provided new features and game mechanics and methodologies. If you are not already familiair with the Civilization series an explanation of the core mechanics may be in order. Civilization is a turn based strategy game where you build your own civilization. This is done by either building settlers who will go out into the world and found new cities - or buy an aggressive strategy where you build an army and conquer your neighbours. You must also keep your civilization happy by building certain buildings and aquiring certain luxury resources either through trade or world domination. In order to progress as a civilization you must research new technologies that provide new units and buildings that may be built - all of which assist in your overall strategy for winning the game. Whereas the likes of Age of Empires provides a much more personal level of control, Civilization looks at things from a global perspective. You manage yoour civilization on a global, long term, multi combatitive scale where your alliances are equally as important as your enemies. Your play field is a global map and play by moving units strategically around the playfield in a method akin to chess or perhaps risk. If you are expecting a real time stratgey that will be over within a matter or minutes/hours rather than days or even weeks - then this may not be the game for you. There are lots of differect civilizations to play as, each with their own advantages and quirks. This presents them with their own unique challenges to overcome and dictates which victory type you should aim for. Speaking of victory types, their are several to choose from and these have been enhanced with subsequent expansions packs bring new challenges and lngevity to the title. Finally the integration with Workshop allows custom fan made campaigns and content to be played further extending the lifespan of the game. All in all an excellent game which will provide my hours of enjoyment.
game-hours: 42.0
review: Absolutely fantastic game. This version is slightly complex for a casual gamer, but still great nonetheless.
game-hours: 46.0
review: LOL
game-hours: 669.6
review: I love this game so much! it was totally worth what I bought it for. I love both the graphics and the gameplay. I love how mods are very easy to access and use. The expansion packs make the game even more fun. This game could make a wide range of people happy.
game-hours: 28.8
review: A really great game. Don't be put off that it's a strategy game and turn based. Easily one of my favourite games of all time and i'm a massive FPS/RPG fan. I want to give this a ten but the only thing that's stopping me is the learning curve and how the game can take up alot of your time but you know what... It. 10/10 shag
game-hours: 174.8
review: This is one of the most addicting games I've ever had. A must own for any RTS fan.
game-hours: 654.0
review: A massive game which brings several new features to the franchise, most importantly fresh combat mechanic. It's been a year since the original release, and we now know that this title has set the standard for turn-based strategy games for years to come. It boasts fantastic art, a wealth of background information, countless possible paths to victory, infinite replayability and various difficulty levels which make it accessible to everyone from casual gamers to hardcore geeks - who will also appreciate the huge content readily available from the community workshop right here on steam. To put it short, if you're at all into strategy games, this is a title you need to own.
game-hours: 211.0
review: !!!
game-hours: 52.5
review: Civilization is by far my most favorite series of games ever made. Civ V lives up to a great tradition and more. You will lose yourself in what seems like a simple game on the surface. It can be a complex or a easy as you want to make it. Playing twice is never the same.
game-hours: 268.5
review: very long games make 10 hours feel like 2 hours. pretty ridiculous ai difficulties, doesnt seem to get any harder
game-hours: 97.7
review: Now with the release of Brave New World I can confidently recommend this game as the go to Civilization experience. The systems are inuitive but deep and the gameplay is the same addictive stuff you've come to expect from the series. Long live the hex grid!
game-hours: 76.7
review: The best of the best. Building a civilization on its best. Civ forewer.
game-hours: 13.6
review: love this game and even more so when playign online with friends... love the backstabbing :P
game-hours: 543.5
review: EZ GET MUNAY
game-hours: 212.5
review: be warned when you start playing you wont stop wirth every singel dolar good mod support and the best stradegy on steam
game-hours: 85.3
review: it a fun an sticke game
game-hours: 46.1
review: yes
game-hours: 6.7
review: This game looks grate and it really fun!! :D
game-hours: 239.0
review: HULA HULA HULA HULA HILIAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 11.6
review: I HATE SID MEIER THAT IDIOT
game-hours: 102.6
review: One of the best and most accessible strategy games available. I do not recommend this game if you have anything important to do because a single game can be a 15 hour+ time dump.
game-hours: 102.5
review: This game keeps getting better with each expansion. One of my favorite games of all time.
game-hours: 364.8
review: Deeply strategic, great fun with freinds, you will play entire days on it, even better with all the DLC but try to buy it during a sale (it's really expensive).
game-hours: 492.2
review: Very fun to play. Multiplayer can be a bit annoying due to internet problems.
game-hours: 95.1
review: Ever think of what would happen if Ghanghi wanted to blow up the world? Ever want to pit Germany agains Egypt? Ever wanna make it so the Azteks won the space race? Well look no further, All this and more can be done in game, Not to mention the mod community if massive, to the point of Having MSF and Madoka duke it out over the worlds water. But I digress, This is a great game.
game-hours: 109.1
review: Absolutely epic game to play.
game-hours: 79.2
review: I <3 conquering the world and blowing everyone up.
game-hours: 465.9
review: this is a great game to pass time.
game-hours: 376.8
review: Addicting, in a good way.
game-hours: 42.5
review: Fantastic game... yea thats pretty much it
game-hours: 349.9
review: I can never get enough of this game. I beat my friends all the time!
game-hours: 1233.2
review: Wonderful game. My play time alone (somewhere upwords of 700 hours) should tell you how much I enjoy this game. Great for any fan of strategy games.
game-hours: 1121.4
review: Gaming Perfection. My lady hates this game.
game-hours: 42.2
review: It has a steampunk mode...i mean what else do you need?
game-hours: 471.6
review: I've never been so addicted to a game. I think the reason is is a REAL strategy game and its complexity keeps it interesting.
game-hours: 59.7
review: This is a great R.T.S.
game-hours: 145.2
review: This is a stratigic turn based game. There is more than one wy to with this game. Anywhere from world domination to a sciece victory to a culture victory. It also has many different leaders. Each leader has a special unit or building and some are better for different strategies. Play with friends or aginst a few AI characters. Each match or game(whatever you wanna call it) is long. You can have the game have a random map and AI count or have a custom game Aginst Ais. there is also a save feature in which you can save and come back later. Its not an autosave, but none the less its a save feature. I recomend this game to anyone from a casual gamer to anyone that likes competing.
game-hours: 401.1
review: Not as good as Civ 4 was, but still great in its own right. If you haven't played a Civilization game before, try out the demo. If you don't like the demo, get Civ 4 instead. If you HAVE played Civilization before, well then... It's ing Civilization! What more do you need to know?
game-hours: 498.5
review: ADDICTING!!!!! Great game.
game-hours: 216.1
review: Buy it buy it buy it. Holy crap it is sooooooooooooooo good
game-hours: 131.9
review: There's a reason that the Civilization series is synonymous with the expression "Just... one... more... turn..." Once you start playing Civilization V, you may never want to stop.
game-hours: 224.4
review: The first Civ game I ever played, Civilization V just completely impressed me in every way. The game has that "just one more turn" addictiveness and is very rich in gameplay. I highly recommed to those who like Civ games.
game-hours: 30.8
review: This game is a masterpiece. I feel like Napoleon (which you can be) commanding his armies (which you can do) to attack enemy nations (which is a thing) and make them part of GLORIOUS FRANCE (which i think is possible?)!
game-hours: 91.9
review: MMMM reminds me of Risk but super detailed and on the computer!!! Got to love old school turn based strategy games!
game-hours: 41.6
review: When I first got my hands on Sid Meier's Civilization V, my life became a fight. I don't mean I was struggling to guide my civilisation to global renown, languidly picking my way up the research tree, sending little men to die in little wars. It wasn't that kind of fight. I mean I was fighting not to click the icon that led to the game that led without fail or mercy to me entering a kind of strategy fugue, which I'd emerge from, hungry and dehydrated, between three and seven hours later. To say this game is addictive is like saying that dry toast is edible. Of course it is.
game-hours: 45.1
review: Look forward to reallly long games
game-hours: 492.3
review: This game is brilliant. The problem with turn based games is that they can get a bit dull if done poorly. Civ 5 does a great job, really only with BNW (Brave New World), which is not a point in its favor. However even without BNW this game has enough tension in combat to keep me hooked.
game-hours: 621.6
review: Who needs productivity?
game-hours: 277.1
review: Burn, baby, burn !
game-hours: 201.3
review: Civilzation is one of the world reknown strategy games that have come a long way since their first Civilization. Civ V is by far the best strategy I have played and am impressed by how far the game has come since its first release Civ I. If you're looking for a challeng involving strategy, tactics, economics and combat then this is the game for you!
game-hours: 220.8
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V is a great game filled with hours apon hours of entertainment. Civ V is a turn baised strategy game, it involves skill, knowlage and commitment its also a great game to play with friends. Some of my favorite things about this game is the strategy behind it and the mods made by the community. I would also recommend the DLC for this game, the DLC adds a lot of fixes and new mechanics. Enjoy - Millerman
game-hours: 409.4
review: Best game!!!
game-hours: 245.7
review: This game... so addicting, you lose track of the time and it's only after you've finished the great fun of it that you realise it's been 6 HOURS. Definitely Recommended.
game-hours: 97.3
review: civ v gods and kings is a good game to play although it an older virsion than brave new world DLC its a great virsion
game-hours: 77.9
review: Best turn-based game I've ever played!
game-hours: 68.1
review: I said I would only play it for a couple of hours to try it, now look at me
game-hours: 132.3
review: Best Civ game yet! Amazing! More ways than ever to destroy the warmongerer Gandhi!
game-hours: 7.4
review: Beautiful graphics, and a great strategy game. If you have some time on your hands, pick up CIv V. Rating:
game-hours: 381.7
review: Just the best game. 'Nough said.
game-hours: 334.7
review: Beware: this game is seriously addictive. You have been warned...
game-hours: 101.2
review: it is cool
game-hours: 418.6
review: Fibl has publicly denounced Civilization V, warning the world this game is not to be trusted!
game-hours: 228.6
review: There's no better way to learn history than through this game and no better way to alternate it. PROS: * Virtually unlimited number of worlds. * A single match can last a whole week or even months * Highly moddable, big mod community. * Extremely low bandwidth usage in Multiplayer (4 Kbyte/sec while using Sequential Turns) * Learn-as-you-go tutorial (I recommend watching youtube let's plays from the pros though to learn micromanaging basics which are not covered through the advisors) * THE first DX11 game to use true multithreaded rendering. * Great science quotes. * Steve Jobs as Great Merchant CONS: * Can grow complex to micromanage over time * No mods in Multiplayer. * "Just-one-more-turn"-Syndrome. Prepare to use an alarm clock or you'll find yourselves at 4 AM. * Some advisor recommendations are nonsense (Trireme spam or naval military on a fully controlled, closed large sea) * AI tends to lag behind technologically, especially on lower difficulties.
game-hours: 38.9
review: What can i say...i've played so much this, that i have the menu song stuck on my head.
game-hours: 49.4
review: Pretty fun game so long as you play singleplayer. Multiplayer is horribly boring and filled with glitches.
game-hours: 149.8
review: Time flowing like a river, till it's gone forever. Gone forever. 10/10 should play
game-hours: 105.9
review: I love this game. I 've put over a hundered hours into it and could ( nand will) put hundereds of more. Very good game if you like stratagy games, and the expansions add a ton more content and replayability.
game-hours: 49.1
review: Because Nuking a pre industrial civilisation, that is no threat to your plans, never gets old
game-hours: 45.1
review: buy the complete edition
game-hours: 8.1
review: Still haven't finished one game.
game-hours: 6.2
review: If you are looking for a stratagy game this is the one, great gameplay and graphics make this perfect for any stratagy fan. Although many many mid to late game units are semi useless, looking at you tanks, but aside from a few minor oversights it is a well balanced srtatagy game that I would recommend to any friend. Also if you plan to buy this game don't buy it on steam go to target and buy the game of the year edition, it comes with alot of the DLC for less money.
game-hours: 15.4
review: I first played Civilization when I was very young. I didn't understand it, at all. It was far too complex for me at that age. As the years went on, I always heard about Civ, and how fun it was. When I looked up gameplay trailers though, I thought, "There's no way I'd enjoy that." I was wrong. Eventually, I bought the game on a whim, because a friend suggested it to me. I figured, why not? It was on sale. This game redefined strategic gaming in my eyes. The thrilling political aspecs, military, and multiple victory methods. It's nothing like I thought it would be. Although it is slow, considering the game style, it's still thrilling. I've spent hours sitting and strategizing my next move agains the enemy. Games can take days to complete. It truely is amazing.
game-hours: 108.1
review: turns out gandhi can make nukes in the 1500s. overall 10/10 great game.
game-hours: 7.1
review: I nuked myself...
game-hours: 202.5
review: Best Game i Have Ever Freakin Played
game-hours: 20.0
review: This game is like a more complex settlers of Catan!
game-hours: 174.9
review: This is game is tons of fun and one of the best civilization/war simulators out there. I've played this many hours and many times and it is still fun. Worth every penny. **8.4/10**
game-hours: 447.5
review: I Simply Love Civ V
game-hours: 174.2
review: This by far is ONE OF THE BEST turn-based strategy game ever IMO. It is perfect. You have so many choices you can build a giant peaceful civilization or you can be war mongol, heck you can even be a single city civilization this game is delicious. Buy it!
game-hours: 25.0
review: Easly one of the most time consuming games out there but so fun with friends!
game-hours: 1035.4
review: One of the best games I have ever played. You can sink hundreds of hours in this game and not get bored. In addition each of the major expansions add a nice level of dynamic.
game-hours: 170.3
review: The pinnacle of historical strategy games, Civ is known for deep, engaging gameplay. This is my first go at the franchise and I have spent many nights until 3am trying to push towards a space shuttle launch, or pushing enemies off my turf. So many civilizations (each with specific bonuses, and more available as DLC), maps, and modes make this a great value at any price. Just look forward to losing some sleep...
game-hours: 67.9
review: Don't worry, you can always eat/sleep/socialize right after you finish this turn... or after THIS turn.... okay, after... well, you get the idea. It's addicting and time consuming...
game-hours: 90.9
review: ssnooopppydoggggg
game-hours: 31.4
review: pretty bad for my classes. pretty good for my empire.
game-hours: 69.1
review: a fun long game. you shape history
game-hours: 201.9
review: Dispite the fact of war being a little to server punishement (i dont mind my people mad just i am disappointed that if you go to war every one but you allies and friends will want you 6 feet under) This is a intensly fun game and it is much more intese with mods because, you don't have a clue what to expect. If you want most of the workshop addons though you need g&k and brave new world dlcs but you will still have fun vinilla style.
game-hours: 148.3
review: I spend more time on this than I do jacking off, and Im a single teenage boy. 12.14/10
game-hours: 239.0
review: Awesome game! I play it all the time and it is an amazing pass-time for college. I can't afford all of the DLC, but I'm saving up for it, I've heard that it's a complete game changer!
game-hours: 10.5
review: I'm a dictator 10/10
game-hours: 113.2
review: Fantasic, one of my all time favorites
game-hours: 71.6
review: Civilization V is the fifth installment in arguably the best stratgy series ever. Though people argue that its prdecessor, Civ 4, was much better. But is it really. So in Civ 5 you essentially pick an emeror ie; Napolean and build a civilization. People say that civ 4 was better, because there were much more elements. Yes, in civ 5 they did take a lot of eleents that civ 4 had, but if you are willing to get the DLC Brave New World, you may get that Civ experience that you were wanting all along with better graphics. You should definnitely pick this game up if you haven't, you can get it really cheap of amazon or in the steam sales, in my opinion this is one of the best strategies out there today.
game-hours: 27.8
review: One of the Best Turned based strategy games available. Hours can seem like minutes once your hooked.
game-hours: 141.6
review: this game will drag on and on, its not entirely fun as all nations will eventually be te same overall, with less stategy and more power play that anything else. but if you like micro manageing and controling a nation its yours to mess around with. i must warn you though, it is not worth the money
game-hours: 80.6
review: great game ever
game-hours: 157.8
review: amaizing and addicting
game-hours: 37.4
review: civ
game-hours: 50.5
review: A real time eater, 46 hours in and I still have 3 opponents left on my maraton mission.
game-hours: 128.3
review: Me gusta.
game-hours: 479.9
review: When I first saw this game i thought it was crap and it wouln't be worth my time but thankfully i was mistaken this game is amazing and worth buying if you're a fan of chess and worth getting because of this but beware COD fanboys this game is not ' hor you casue this game you need patience to play this 7/10
game-hours: 149.6
review: Awesome game, wide varity of game styles with all the different Civs. Been playing for 6 months now at least and I can still happily spend an entire weekend playing a single game.
game-hours: 167.1
review: Such an amazing game! Lose hours of your life in it.
game-hours: 640.7
review: This game.
game-hours: 145.6
review: this game is totally worth buying, if your in to stragety and building empires. envolving lot's of diplomancy and war to work your civ to be the best. like building bulding and empire and stragety games? then this is what you want
game-hours: 155.6
review: I think we agree, the past is over!
game-hours: 192.7
review: Became a dictator. Arm nuclear missles at all other countries and city-states. Got elected as world leader through United Nations. win.
game-hours: 625.1
review: Great game, easy to learn with tons of variations gameplay for incredible replay value.
game-hours: 123.7
review: Good ol' Civ. Soon it will be cheap to buy, so don't hesitate and give it a try!
game-hours: 232.0
review: Excellent game, very fun!
game-hours: 60.2
review: This game is absolutely amazing. Egypt and I(Mongolian Empire) have made it into the 20th century. Didn't see that one coming now did you history?
game-hours: 48.2
review: Top Kek m9
game-hours: 24.3
review: Like skyrim with guns! 10/10 Would play again!
game-hours: 43.0
review: Long, but fun fun fun.
game-hours: 518.4
review: Wasted an entire weekend going to war with Germany. Only to screw my self over when they had thier one city left, it had a defence of 14 and i just wanted to nuke it. so i did. however in the process i would have had to declare war on India they too had one city left. figured ok i can take them....WHAT I DIDN"T ING SEE WAS THE FRENCH AND SPANISH SUBS WITH IN THIER WATERS NEXT THING I KNOW I HAVE THE SPANARDS UP MY  WITH THE FRENCH HITTING ME WITH BAGUETTES WHILE THE GERMANS RETOOK THIER LAND AND THE INDIAS RAINING DOWN AN ATOMIC STORM THAT BLOCK OUT THE SUN BECAUSE I WAS ING DEAD. ING FIX THIS GAME... 10/10 will play this game once i get over this and reinstal thegame after i rage deleted it
game-hours: 40.7
review: great game, if you haven't played it what are you playing? go and buy it
game-hours: 193.5
review: One of the top games I've ever played. Its very nice to just sit and chill with friends playing this game! Worth every penny and more! P.S get Brave New World it aswell is worth every penny!
game-hours: 41.7
review: It's fun, but way to expensive if you're just going to play it single player imo. However playing it multiplayer with your friends is just the best, end of story.
game-hours: 127.0
review: So  addictve.
game-hours: 1.6
review: If you want a good strategy game, then this one is not too bad Total war is better though
game-hours: 421.1
review: Ghandi banned salt then nuked me. 10/10 will play again
game-hours: 77.7
review: Very addivtive and an amazing game all around
game-hours: 343.1
review: Well say goodbye to your live, this game is amazingly fun, with endless playtime, and it never stops being fun, if you want to buy any game for endless playtime, this is the game. XD
game-hours: 43.3
review: This is a good game but it's way better with friends so get some or don't get this m8
game-hours: 289.7
review: One of the best games I've played.
game-hours: 17.3
review: Civ is a gerne defining game, an absolute must play. the good: - one of the best turn based games you'll ever play - every civ has his own strengths and weaknessess - you can customize the map, victory conditions and opponents to your liking - DLC's actually add good content to the game the bad: - some civs are stronger than others awesome game and a must own 9/10
game-hours: 7.3
review: Okay so it's a great game, really enjoying playing it so far amazing gameplay 10/10
game-hours: 651.3
review: Will keep you entertained for a very long time
game-hours: 34.5
review: Great exploring to uncover new tiles.
game-hours: 108.8
review: This game is a very fun game to play with your friends and there is a tone of replayabilaty so you will never play the same game twice.
game-hours: 299.1
review: Its so good.
game-hours: 34.1
review: When I first saw this game a few years ago, I would have never touched it. Honestly, I'm playing it now. I love it. The re-playability is amazing. I do enjoy this game alot. I can see my self putting alot of time into this game.
game-hours: 34.2
review: Its like history class but not.
game-hours: 219.3
review: I totally recommend this game for those who like strategy based war games. It's fun to play with friends and even strangers. Totally play it!
game-hours: 94.9
review: Ghandi
game-hours: 221.0
review: >Research Giant Death Robots 10/10
game-hours: 313.0
review: Have you Ever Had a game take over your life? Well once you start playing Civilization V, You start to notice that you started at 1:00 pm, and now its 3:00 Am. I find it to be really fun and enjoyable. It is alot better if you have friends that arent slow that play the game!
game-hours: 903.6
review: One of my favorite franchises, bar none. The game is amazingly replayable and it never feels repetitive. Even though you know "how" the AI will generally act, there's just enough randomness thrown in to keep you guessing. The game can be a bit of a challenge at first but eventually you get the hang of it, and you'll probably never stop playing.
game-hours: 146.2
review: Very fun for any TBS fan
game-hours: 57.5
review: Somebody free me ;~;
game-hours: 58.2
review: Amazing game, well made, my only problem is that it takes a while to learn.
game-hours: 151.0
review: get to the strongest Civ, Then get destroyied by the weakest. 1,000,000/10
game-hours: 28.0
review: This game really gets away from you. I started up a decent-sized game: 12 civilizations all vying for power over a world with large continents, only intending to play the game for maybe an hour or two at most. When I started the game, it was 10 PM, and when I next checked the clock, it was 3 in the morning. I hadn't even got that far into my game: I had only met 3 other civilzations, one of which was a back-and-forth friend/enemy, one who never really interacted with me and declined every trade I tried to make, and the other who was always at the bottom of the board in terms of military might and economy but was nonetheless a trusted friend who practically threw sacks of gold at me whenever I wanted to trade. To say I lost track of time is an understatement; Sid Meier's Civilization V has the strange quality of sucking you in and not letting you leave. You start the game by building a small city, and scouting out the area around you. You can discover ancient ruins, natural resources, and most importantly of all: Other civilizations. The core mechanic of the game is deciding who is friend, who is foe, who is using you, and who can be trusted. You can make trade agreements with other civilizations, and this will foster a - hopefully long-lasting - friendship between you; or you can choose to denounce them - telling the world they cannot be trusted - if they choose to slight you one time too many. To go back to my comment about the game sucking you in: Every time you discover a new civilzation, you feel compelled to continue playing and interact with them; and every time a civilzation denounces you, you feel compelled to continue playing and utterely destroy them; and every time you discover a new resource near your city, you feel compelled to expand your borders so you can harness it. Do you see where I'm going with this? This game continues to compell you to play it, for as long as you can. I haven't gone too deep down the rabbit hole, but I'm far enough down to see that there's gold shining at the bottom, and it makes me want to go further. This game is immensly fun, and I highly recommend playing it. If you like strategy games, with a twist of lies, deceit, and intrigue. then this is a must have.
game-hours: 184.5
review: This is my favorite game. bruh.
game-hours: 122.3
review: Outstanding graphics and gameplay along with the perfect civilizations this game is really worth the cash and will deliver you the time of your life!!!!!
game-hours: 569.8
review: Yes
game-hours: 786.0
review: Ruined my life 10/10
game-hours: 50.0
review: Its a very good game, but it's more fun when you have frends too play it with...........................
game-hours: 2.5
review: free:D
game-hours: 124.2
review: Best strategy game ever :)
game-hours: 167.3
review: An absolutely fantastic strategy game for either single player or multiplayer. The new hex style board has made the maps of Civ V even better than before. Definitely worth the purchase.
game-hours: 168.7
review: winning!
game-hours: 39.4
review: This game is so good i stop myself from playing it to save my social life
game-hours: 30.1
review: Its really addicting.
game-hours: 29.9
review: The main reason i use Steam
game-hours: 532.4
review: Why can't I stop playing Civ V? Someone, please, make me stop playing Civ V.
game-hours: 43.7
review: super duper game, even more so with friends. 5* to sid
game-hours: 164.8
review: Amazing Game!! **************** worth the time!!
game-hours: 2417.1
review: A worthy sucessor to the Civilization name - they tried a bunch of new things for Civ5, not all of it works, but some of it is awesome. With the Brave New World expansion, Civ5 really came into it's own, and I expect to be replaying this for years to come. I highly reccomend to any turn based strategy fans.
game-hours: 348.0
review: Lets go back to summer of 2013. The Steam Summer Sale was in full swing, and I was primarily looking for other games, mostly Bioshock Infinite. I saw Civilization V Gold Edition on sale for $13. A few friends had reccommended it to me, and knowing it was a turn-based strategy game, I said "maybe". I had never liked strategy games before, more specifically, Starcraft. I decided to pick it up. I mean, it wasn't like I was buying the gold edition for full price, at $50. Since then, I have racked up more hours on this game in the shortest amount of time then any game I have ever bought, with the possible exception of Skyrim. Civ 5, plus it's "Gods and Kings" and "Brave New World" expansions make up the best strategy game I have ever played. The randomly generated maps and diplomacy with other Civs in your game vary from game to game. The game I'm playing right now has me playing as Egypt, with my closest ally being Babylon and my most bitter rival being Rome. That could be reversed in my next game, but what is sure is that I will be playing a next game.
game-hours: 474.7
review: This game is addictive. It is also amazing. If you don't have it, and like games like this, then why ?
game-hours: 324.7
review: I got Gold Edition when it was still around. Game is great, but GaK and BnW add even more!
game-hours: 666.2
review: Pretty good, 11/10
game-hours: 58.0
review: A Sid Meier's game, that's all to it.
game-hours: 166.2
review: This game is a must if you're a fan turn based strategy.
game-hours: 74.4
review: Fun & addictive. You will wonder where your day went :P
game-hours: 1098.1
review: This game is like getting a  from Jesus Christ himself.
game-hours: 328.1
review: Do you enjoy crushing your enemies? Overwhelming your friends with your intelligence? Do you seek a strategy game that doesn't require any skill in hotkeys or keybindings? Buy this master piece right now
game-hours: 1037.7
review: This is most definitely one of the best strategy games ever created
game-hours: 465.2
review: This is a very, very fun game. The only problem is that sometimes it is hard to get on to the actual game.
game-hours: 350.1
review: Almost as good as Civ III with better graphics and some of the worthy features from IV. Unfortunately no map editor to make your own boards .
game-hours: 319.3
review: anyone know if Civ VI is coming out soon
game-hours: 20.7
review: fun but hard
game-hours: 271.7
review: This game never ceases to entertain me. When I first bought it, I didn't have any expansions for the game. I played it a lot, and thought "This is so fun. What else could possibly be added to this game? It's so perfect." Then I bought the Brave New World expansion, and I see just how much more epic this game can be. This game can even be educational (but who cares about that). Overall, I give this game a 9/10!
game-hours: 2582.8
review: if you like chess youll ing love this
game-hours: 30.5
review: Only in Civilization can Attila the Hun be the most diplomatic Leader known to man.
game-hours: 1069.6
review: This game will eat away at your hours.
game-hours: 15.3
review: I don't understand how I have played this game for so long in the two days I have had it. This takes me back to age of empres: age of kings but just adds more visuals and a such a good games mechanics formula that I cannot even comprehend how addictive this game is and how long a "game" of civ actually lasts. It feels like I am living out the civilisation with how many hours I spend making scenarios happen like americans vs native americans and England vs Germany. Will not be able to put this game down any time soon.
game-hours: 261.9
review: Great game. Each round takes a long time.
game-hours: 238.0
review: A very well-made turn based strategy game that those with an interest in history will appreciate. Your goal is to create a civilization that will "stand the test of time" which can span from the rise of man to the modern and future ages. With many options to choose from, you can go about the task in any way, influenced by your choice of historical figures, each representing a different civilization. The gameplay is incredibly long. While the game may go quickly early on, once you become familiar with the mechanics and all the various things you have to keep track of, it can take hours to finish a single game, possibly days. Of course, you can always save and resume later. Single player scenarios change up the game, providing you with special goals, restrictions, and sometimes different figures to use, along with customizable options for free play games to keep the game interesting.
game-hours: 341.7
review: Countless of hours spent on this game, one more turn untill you fall over your pc. Worth the money. And its a game you will always come back to to play a round of. I remember when i just got it, belive i did a all nighter. :)
game-hours: 210.1
review: The Civ series has always been amazing and this is just another addition to a long list of amazing games.
game-hours: 307.0
review: Fun for lengthly gameplay.
game-hours: 350.0
review: Great game if you are looking for a way to make make a world the way you think it should be run. If this is not enough for you than civ 5 a brave new world will improve the game to make it better than it already is.
game-hours: 100.6
review: Civ V is a truly amazing game that once you started simply cannot stop. There's no such thing as a short CiV game. You sit down at 4pm thinking you'll only play for an hour, then you glance over at the clock and notice you've spent the last 4 hours locked in a slow-moving land war against France. I feel like CiV is perhaps the best strategy games I have ever played, or at the very least in the top three.
game-hours: 31.6
review: prepare to not sleep for a little while...
game-hours: 75.4
review: Pretty much a perfect turn-based strategy game. Don't care much for wars? Defeat the enemy with diplomacy and science! Don't care much for science? Roll over the enemy's lands with your tanks and crush them under your iron fist! No two games will play the same as the maps will change and each civ has it's own personality. The replayability is endless with each game pretty much having it's own storyline as you play, making allies and working together, or even betraying them! The possibilities are never ending! Plus with the community constantly adding content via the Workshop, the game is always expanding! 10/10
game-hours: 73.6
review: Great game for excercising your brain and micromanaging skills. However the AI leaves a little to be desired with their extremely one-sided trade offers and tendancy to denounce you whenever you lift a finger against another civ, including civs that they are also currently fighting or even to defend your own empire.
game-hours: 16.9
review: You can be Montezuma with nukes in the 2000s.
game-hours: 23.0
review: Never trust Ghandi need I say more!
game-hours: 39.4
review: This game is really magnificent Good game to play either alone or with a group of friends. Beware though, if you think you are going to play a "fast" game of Civ5 you are in for a big suprise, the games tend to stretch over several days (for me at least), it took me more than 8hours just to play trough the tutorial, and I loved every second of it. 9.5/10 Go buy it!
game-hours: 110.2
review: This is one of those games where you start playing, then look up at the clock and say "I've been playing for ten hours?!". If you like deep, immersive, and time-consuming strategy games, you need to be playing Civilization.
game-hours: 220.8
review: Honestly great fun and way too addicting. Thumbs up all around!!
game-hours: 229.4
review: One... More... Turn..
game-hours: 28.1
review: Great game to play with friends. Very Strategic requires a lot of skill and cunning. Quite cheap for what it is worth aswell. Great game overall
game-hours: 78.4
review: This is one of those games where you start it up, and then it's 6 a.m.
game-hours: 180.1
review: This game is great!! Huge time sink, you think just one more turn then before you know it an hour has gone by. Highly recommend it!!! Just make sure you have plenty of time.
game-hours: 18.4
review: If you like games like SimCity or the previous versions of Civ then I don't need to explain why this game is so great. If you've never played this kind of game then this is a good intro to the "city/civilaztion management" genre. This is by far the easiest yet simple version of the Civ series to date. Great graphics, a awesome user interface, and easy to use. Set a game on Marathon and you'll easily burn 10+ hours on a single game. The amount of options available make it a different experience every time and with the inclusion of Gods and Kings DLC, well let's just say you have plenty of room to try new things. A must have for any strategy gamer.
game-hours: 384.3
review: My favourite way to waste my life.
game-hours: 422.9
review: I've been playing civilazation since civ 3, I've played all of them and I have to say...they got it right again. It's definatly not the most complicated game ever, longest playing game, and it dosent have the most depth but it has just enough of everything to make everyone from the most casual gamer to the most serious strategist. The mods are great, the AI isnt to smart but smart enough to be fun to play with, and the community is amazing. I'd recommend this game to all ages and all skills, its rich in history and all around fun! The world is your playground ;) enjoy...
game-hours: 1345.7
review: wqBy far the best installment of CIv yet. As with each new civ, they seem to take away some content, add new content, or revive concepts from Civ3 and others. Updates have tweaked nations, rebalanced units, and other minor changes. Best played with all the dlc but only if you get it on sale, if you can wait. All we need now is Cilization: Total War 10/10
game-hours: 121.6
review: 10/10 Great game play, you can betrail your friends :D
game-hours: 23.0
review: I can already tell I'm going to lose weeks of my life to this game. A must buy.
game-hours: 162.2
review: You only need one game and this game is it.
game-hours: 12.1
review: good game, reccommand to anyone that likes Civ.
game-hours: 226.2
review: i love the game get it get it now!!
game-hours: 373.8
review: This game is amazing as a stand alone but the DLCs add to the experience, sadly the downloadable content is the same price if not slightly more than the game itself for very little added. Personaly if you ask me we shouldnt have to pay the same price for the DLCs that we did the game but hey there enjoyable n if you play Civalisation V enough they do pay for themselves in playability. So overall the game is great and the DLCs add tones of new units and policies and completly change the way you play, its the perfect game for those who want to build a lasting empire and fend off against power hungry enemys as well as develop a relgus background threw gods and kings DLC to maneging trade routs and protecting them on brave new worlds. No matter your play style you will be challenged
game-hours: 228.9
review: Awesome game, worth every penny.
game-hours: 117.2
review: Wow this game is truly astounding! As a gamer I like variety of games but, I have never been a true fan of turn-based strategy games. I decided to give it a try and now this is all I have played for the past 2 weeks. This game challenges your mind, you can research technology from increasing your military power, scientific knowledge, economics and more. It leaves you wondering should I focus on military incase of attack or focus on economics to expand my empire? It really can kick your  should you choose wrong. Overal I give it a 10/10. GET IT
game-hours: 259.5
review: Well it sucks without the two expansions. But with the two new expansions its one of the best games ever!
game-hours: 194.9
review: You can build stuff. Also, it's got WHALES.
game-hours: 287.8
review: prepare for addiction
game-hours: 106.9
review: Fun as eating bacon
game-hours: 580.4
review: I find the Civ games totally addictive. Love the strategy and managing the cities.
game-hours: 159.6
review: Really Nice game.
game-hours: 48.8
review: With Brave New World and Gods and Kings, Civ V is outstanding. Montezuma is still a giant, war mongering  head though.
game-hours: 104.2
review: Anyone who likes turnbase action packed build like games you should get this one! I rate 9/10!!!
game-hours: 115.9
review: Oh my God, I can't recommend this game enough! Whether you like strategies in general or not, Civ 5 is extremely easy to learn and addictively fun as hell. You shall not regret the purchase!
game-hours: 60.6
review: addictive. too addictive.... just one more turn
game-hours: 122.1
review: It is good autism treament for my autism with autistic autists.
game-hours: 1115.2
review: Lots of fun.
game-hours: 92.9
review: Always kill DP first. Those are the only rules.
game-hours: 255.2
review: The intro animation was breathtakingly beautiful. So much so, that I still let it run completely before I start to play the video game itself. Not just the animation, but the music and voices! Astounding! Okay, now about the game. I LOVE IT!!!!! Needless to say, I've spent hours playing it. I haven't done this in ages. It's just...mesmerizing, gripping and just plain FUN! This isn't the first Sid Meier game I've played. The first one was for the Atari ST platform, way back in the late '80's, a WWII submarine sim. I highly recommend this game. I hope there is a part VI.
game-hours: 227.4
review: Highly addictive!
game-hours: 130.7
review: Ever want to go to space via the great Polish space program? Ever want to destroy the world as Gandhi? Have you ever once thought what it would be like to build the Great Wall as Ethiopia? Well then Sid Meier's Civilizatio V is just the game for you!
game-hours: 144.6
review: very strategic game, must have
game-hours: 91.7
review: Very nice 4X game. A must own for every strategy fan. 8/10
game-hours: 169.4
review: Me and Ghandi curb stomped Atillia the Hun. 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 48.4
review: Amazing, a must have game!
game-hours: 18.7
review: good
game-hours: 1221.0
review: Yeah, This game is frigging awesome. There are a few annoyances and unrealistic/illogical things but its badass
game-hours: 19.3
review: big friggin
game-hours: 1401.0
review: Macht schtig =)
game-hours: 88.1
review: This game is arguably one of the best, if not the best, stratigy games out there!
game-hours: 111.4
review: great game , online needs work ESPECIALY ability of a host to kick players in a game when hes losing
game-hours: 563.4
review: I strongly recommend to you this game!!!
game-hours: 52.4
review: This is an absolute masterpiece when it comes to people who isn't so used to strategy games and people who still are! Although i had some problems with the game, didnt know what to produce, etc. after a few hours i found it very enjoyable and fun =) I highly recommend this game to anyone who wants something fresh, some thing new, something thrilling! And who knows, you might learn a little about history and historic persons too.
game-hours: 81.0
review: Highly addictive! Would defo recommend!!1:)
game-hours: 229.3
review: Fun, with a lot of gameplay, but you need patience.
game-hours: 419.4
review: Just one.... more... turn....
game-hours: 43.4
review: All I can say is.... JUST ONE MORE TURN!
game-hours: 344.0
review: Good game
game-hours: 40.1
review: buy this game but with dlc
game-hours: 264.3
review: If you pick random leader, (from past experiences) you are ALWAYS SONGHAI OR CHINA.
game-hours: 54.5
review: Great fun game to play with mates or solo. hours and hours of fun.
game-hours: 38.9
review: One of the best strategy games ever. Epic gameplay and detail. Very deep game. Does take some time to understand though as it is a extremely complex game. Extremely intense. A game that could be put up for 100$. You're missing out on your life if you don't play this.
game-hours: 353.5
review: Highly Recommended Strategy Game. 10/10
game-hours: 36.6
review: Such an amazing game, Fun for people who have no clue how to play it (like me).
game-hours: 27.5
review: I JUST WANNA LIVE IN PEACE
game-hours: 287.6
review: A very good strategy game but the beginning is alot boring because don't have much to do but when u reach the catapult tecnology begin the action because only then you can capture a enemy city
game-hours: 210.3
review: awesome game
game-hours: 150.9
review: Just one more turn please ...:-)
game-hours: 363.4
review: Just... one... more... turn... actually turns into one... hundred... more... turns...
game-hours: 88.7
review: Masterpiece
game-hours: 85.8
review: all you could want in a risk style game
game-hours: 153.2
review: Probably the best strategy game ever made because it is very easy to comprehend for a novice and can be amazingly deep and rich for an expert player. Every game is an entirely new experience! Love it and you will too.
game-hours: 669.5
review: I love the new civs and the added faith. BNW completely changed the game, the trade routes especially. Tourism made culture my new favorite victory. I've logged far too many hours in this game.
game-hours: 343.8
review: Just gonna play a quick friday night game aaaaand it's monday morning... Seriously addictive. Crappy AI though.
game-hours: 83.3
review: Do not believe what the history books tell you. Ghandi and Mother Taresa are actually Demons from Hell. They are the most likely to take over your civ and just  with you in general. Do not trust these two.
game-hours: 115.0
review: This is the best slow paced strategy game i have ever played.
game-hours: 300.0
review: Endless hours of entertainment.
game-hours: 123.4
review: Hasn't paid off yet!
game-hours: 29.5
review: the best stratagy game i have played highly recomend to all
game-hours: 58.3
review: I recommend this game if you like other Civ games. Quenched my craving for a civilization management game.
game-hours: 56.8
review: I'm normally not very big into RTS and I normally find myself constantly trying to kill things in games even when I shouldn't yet Civ 5 somehow has me hooked playing for hours while trying to avoid combat as much as possible (and combat is fun). It's an RTS that has 5 different ways to win a match, 4 of which can be done without fighting. It's unlike anything I've played before. I've already played almost 30 hours in 2 weeks, and that's pretty much exclusively playing with just two of my buddies online when they can join me.
game-hours: 127.6
review: This is by far the best game I played in 5 years. There coming out with better versions of what this game orginally offered but it was the most replayable game out there if your half blind like me. Steam doesn't even accurately report the number of hours I have invested in this game and still play it just because. My only criticism is in the fact this franchise is more concerned about quality marketing as opposed to detailed in depth gameplay which starts to show a couple times replayed. After awhile the best looking things aren't looking as good as you thought they once were but we can thank god for miracle workshop. If you don't mind buying your repacks at goodwill then you might be surprised what additions these steam workshops have on overall gameplay experience, especially for people who have spent hundreds of hours on just one leader. I wrote this because I am trying to get my steam badge. ty for reading
game-hours: 115.7
review: Being able to eradicate the world of communism, spread the good word of lord GabeN, and promoting Democracy to the people around the world. What more could you want? 1337/69 would play again.
game-hours: 48.5
review: Never ever trust Mahatma Gandhi!
game-hours: 195.8
review: I can haz nukes, 10/10.
game-hours: 15.6
review: Ghandi nukes people 6 hours feels like five minutes SO. MANY. PUNS. ABOUT. CRABS. Made U.S. a police state Made Russia a democracy 50/10
game-hours: 42.0
review: Best strategy game on market!
game-hours: 298.7
review: Turn based tactics at it's best. You got to reserve time to play this because games do not last 30 or 60 minutes, they can easily last for hours. It's great to see your civilization prosper and how it stands the test of time. Great to play with friends so let me know if you buy this game or want to play this game. One... More... Turn...
game-hours: 723.8
review: A all time great racked up 100hr within the first week. The modding comunity is also something to be proud of.
game-hours: 297.2
review: It is easily my favourite game on Steam and recommend it to anyone who would like to take control of, you guessed it, a civilisation. In this turn-based strategy game, you start off with two units, a settler and a warrior. Once you have settled your city, you go on to build various buildings, units, wonders, research technologies, expand your territories, settle more cities, deal with a simple (but compelling) relationship system with other civilisations, conquer or even just trade. Although the tuturial is detailed and time-consuming, I learnt as I played but managed to pick it up easily. I highly recommend this game. 9.5/10
game-hours: 175.6
review: very nice and excellent and best game :)
game-hours: 234.5
review: One... more... turn... It might take you a while to get hooked on civ. You might have owned the game for 2 years and only played it a few hours. But one day you will create the most powerful empire ever and conquer the world and from then on you'll be hooked. This game has amazing replayability, and it is lots of fun for new players and experts alike. Sure once you've played it for a while it may become a bit simplistic, but by then you'll find yourself clicking next turn against your will and forever trapped in a world of culture, warfare, diplomacy and... epic civilizations. Definitely worth the money. Also Brave New World and Gods and Kings add a lot to the game and I would highly recommend them.
game-hours: 38.3
review: Play it now
game-hours: 569.9
review: i would say 8.5/10
game-hours: 214.3
review: Fun and addictive game with a good amount of interesting ways to play differently with each game scenario. It would be nice to see more micro management within the game itself but overall I enjoy playing Civ5.
game-hours: 74.9
review: Really fun multiplayer game!
game-hours: 483.2
review: I recommend this game beacuse it is very good and look pretty.
game-hours: 85.4
review: A great game
game-hours: 25.8
review: this is a very good and unique game with very different and good features
game-hours: 75.6
review: This game is awesome!
game-hours: 169.3
review: Best Strategy games ever!
game-hours: 60.4
review: I like going and creating a big  empire
game-hours: 1403.3
review: A strategy game that will make you make pour hours and hours into and if you don't like some of the mechanics in the game. The game has a mods section where you can find and create mods to your own liking. (Best version of the this game is the Brave New World expansion)
game-hours: 191.3
review: I have to say, after starting this game up I did not really understand very much. But anyone who loves strategy games like myself will thoroughly enjoy it. There are multiple ways to win, and a multitude of units to choose from. Advance far enough, and you can even build tanks and shoot yourself off into space to win!
game-hours: 80.2
review: Do it slugs!
game-hours: 68.1
review: Epic Game Love it
game-hours: 617.3
review: such good. very wow. much addicting.
game-hours: 557.4
review: Brilliant game 10/10. i would recommend getting the base game then the gold expansion pack and maybe the BNW DLC when its on sale.
game-hours: 146.7
review: Love this game!! However, using multiplayer with strangers is the worst as it is such a long game and it takes donkey years to get a full game going. I also found it was very buggy when playing on mulitplayer but everything else is wonderful
game-hours: 247.3
review: coo
game-hours: 250.0
review: i very much enjoy this turn based strategy game with the variation of civilizations and game play! Higly recomended
game-hours: 29.0
review: This is one of the most addicting and engaging games I have ever played. There's nothing more to really say, but I'll probably go on for a bit about how good it is :P I'll just sum it up in pros and cons: Pros: - Beautiful Soundtrack - Diplomacy screen that's great to look at - Great animations turn a game that could well be the dreaded "glorified spreadsheet" into something that's engaging for hours on end. - Simple gameplay that's still entirely gripping - Clean UI that's easy to use but offers a mine of information should you choose to look at it - Massive instructions page which covers just about every base imaginable - Terrifics graphics and textures across the map - Absolutely fantastic customisation from mods to way you set up the game, everything can be just how you like it - Endless replayability, I've already sunk 30 hours into this and I can only see that multiplying - Removal of stacking units makes you think about where you move your troops Cons: - Diplomacy sometimes leaves you a bit confused, slight lack of info - Religion feels slightly under-developed, mainly as a consequence of being a late add-on - Yes, I suppose there is a lack of depth compared to say, EU IV
game-hours: 253.9
review: Okay, first you need to know that I've played everyone of the PC-based Civilization games since Sid Meier's Civilization first appeared back in 1991. With that said, I've enjoyed each installment in this genre and each has had its pros and cons. Civ V is probably one of the strongest entries by a long shot even while it has a number of players of the series critical of several major changes that were made both in game play and with the units and combat. Personally, while I was initially critical, too, of some of these changes, with time I have come to enjoy the current version better than most of the previous versions. The DLC/Add-ons as well as the thriving gamer modding community for Civ V ensure that it will last a good long while on many players' systems.
game-hours: 128.2
review: It's Civ. If you like to conquer and rule countries, maybe even the world, you'll enjoy the game. If you like to shoot things, try something else.
game-hours: 150.7
review: awesome!!
game-hours: 77.3
review: Great game, Ghandi too nice 10/10.
game-hours: 47.3
review: 9 Out Of 10 Backstabbing gandhis
game-hours: 142.6
review: I played this game. Why I still play it: 1. Trying to outcompete that annoying Oda. 2. I likez nukes 3.Lead conquering armies to conquer Almaty. 4. Scare civilizations with your sheer might that when they want peace, you get all their stuff.
game-hours: 550.2
review: BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 563.0
review: Can't put it down, where did my weekends go?
game-hours: 69.0
review: I LOVE THIS GAME
game-hours: 161.1
review: Great game, sometimes, when i am feeling alone at night, i decide to either masturabte, or play some ing civ 5... and usually i play civ 5.... sometimes i do both though.... i just went through some .... i can't talk about this now....
game-hours: 52.2
review: very fun 10/10
game-hours: 39.1
review: Very addicting and an all around great game. If you like turn-based strategy games then you'll definitely love Civilization 5.
game-hours: 40.4
review: it is a chill game bro
game-hours: 161.1
review: Really In to History and looking for an awesome game... This is it!!
game-hours: 69.3
review: its sweet. =D
game-hours: 577.3
review: Civilization V, in my opinion, is a very well balanced stradegy game. It has just enough strategic detail to keep the game interesting, but not too much detail as to make the game cumbersome. My first time playing the game, I though that there was really not much to the game. You basically start off on a randomly generated map, as a randomly selected Civ (actually, you can chose the Civ you want to start with, but I like to keep it random), and the objective is to beat the other civilizations on the map to win the game. There are four basic ways to do this, the most fun of which is by domination, in which you take over the world. And that pretty much sums up how I used to play the game. Start as a civilization, build a massive army, and take over the world. However, as you progress to harder levels, you'll find that the other civilizations can be real  and WILL  you if you try to go toe to toe with them on the battle feild. In addition, the conditions the game creates puts you at serious disadvantages. At this point of the game, victory is only possible by really thinking about where you set up cities, how you manage your civilization, what kind of relationship you want to establish with other civilizations, and what focus your civilization should have. Should I settle by a source of gold, or a source of suger? Should I settle near a source of Iron or a source of horses? Do those locations have potential for city growth? Are those locations defensable? Should this city focus on production or gold? Do I build a mine or a farm? Should I build a road connecting two cities or build a harbor? Should I build a wonder? Do I want to focus on a science victory or cultrual victory? Or maybe a domination victory (hehehe)? Should I trade 200 gold and 2 sources of Iron for a luxury resource I don't have? Should I build a bigger navy or a bigger army? Should I have more ranged units or melee units? Do I go to war with that @%$ that took that source of dyes that I wanted? Should I make piece with him or bring him to his knees? This is just some of the questions you will have to address if you want to start getting good, and in my opinion, start enjoying Civilization V. Now, you need not worry because you don't have to play with that much detail, as the game comes with automation that will make some of those decisions for you. In additions, the game comes with various levels of difficulty so learning the basics will be easy. As you can see by the number of hours logged by myself and others that have posted a review, the game is very addictive. If your sitting around searching for something new to play, stop your search right now and buy this game.
game-hours: 142.3
review: Great game, but be warned: you will put so much time into this game very quickly.
game-hours: 0.5
review: You will spend hours of your life in this amazing game. If you are a strategy buff, this is the game for you.
game-hours: 43.5
review: very complex strategy game. nice to play it everyday.
game-hours: 886.5
review: Best strategy game out there. Addicting gameplay with so many different things to build and go for, and a TON of DLC. This game is a must have for Strat Gamers!
game-hours: 96.5
review: A great game for history nerds like me!
game-hours: 162.5
review: One of the best strategy games.
game-hours: 147.1
review: Would you like to play a god damn good for what you'll remember for months, maybe years or maybe your entirely life? Then for what are you waiting for, buy that masterpiece of work!
game-hours: 159.6
review: Mutliplayer? No. What a great game, if only I could play it. Between horrible coding and complete lack of support, this wonderful game is turned into a frustrating pile of . Do Not Buy.
game-hours: 4.8
review: have just started to play takes some getting used to after civ 4 have to relearn alot of things
game-hours: 120.0
review: Great Game
game-hours: 78.2
review: Good game, really fun and I'd reccomend this to anyone who likes turn based strategy games
game-hours: 120.5
review: Screw you Ghandi. Good game.
game-hours: 2.1
review: I recomend this game if you have atleast 3 solid days to dedicate to it, otherwise you'll be like "It's friday, time to get down on some video games... oh , i missed work yesteday, this is gonna be an awkward tuesday"
game-hours: 567.9
review: Amazing game with infinite possibilities. This is once again a flagship title and a fitting sequal to the greatest franchise in the history of PC gaming. My Score: 9/10
game-hours: 1513.3
review: Totally worthwhile! I even recommend all DLC (not every single map pack is that great) + Brave New World except for Gods and Kings which is according to my knowledge part of the BNW expension (Note: You'll miss some extra playable civs!!). 10/10 if you consider the sandbox aspect which leads to infinite new scenarios.
game-hours: 31.4
review: a very outstanding game but very easy to get the upperhand on the outher civilizations but outher then that a awsome stratigec game 8/10
game-hours: 321.6
review: One of if not the best game at the moment.
game-hours: 206.4
review: dont play marathon... it's to much
game-hours: 536.9
review: I have always been a fan of Civ, and this game has to be the finest one yet. It felt lacking in some places, so the Gods and Kings expansion is one that I feel is very important. Overall, this is an essential game for anyone even casually interested in strategy gaming.
game-hours: 60.5
review: This is the best investment I've made on Steam so far. I've put 60+ hours into this game and I'm still hooked. Playing as different civilizations and using different strategies creates endless possibilities and keeps things fresh. Amazing game. 9.5/10.
game-hours: 165.9
review: This game has ruined my life.
game-hours: 77.0
review: amazing fun game to play
game-hours: 43.5
review: my chair broke from siting 4 so long 11/10 IGN <>< find nemo 3 cuntfirmed
game-hours: 107.2
review: I took over the world as Korea 11/10
game-hours: 412.3
review: One of the best games I have ever played!
game-hours: 129.0
review: buy
game-hours: 497.9
review: I bought this to see up Catherine the greats skirt. I was sorely disapointed.
game-hours: 54.7
review: Awesome
game-hours: 12.6
review: aidimas tikrai labai geras, Nuostabi strategija geram laisvo laiko praleidimui.. inoma gal ir yra keletas dalyk ties kuriais bt galima padirbti, bet tai tiesiog smulkmenos.. A vertiniau 9/10 tikrai rekomenduojiu visiems jim strategijos gerbjams.. Lauki naujos aidimo dalies ;)
game-hours: 352.1
review: Civ V is a great game!
game-hours: 168.4
review: A must have game that stands the test of time.
game-hours: 773.1
review: Your life will slowly wilt before your eyes, as you are subsumed by your desire to conquer.
game-hours: 774.8
review: Love this game. great mods for it as well
game-hours: 106.6
review: Absolutely timeless, if you haven't played this and you're a fan of in-depth strategy with the ability to pick your game back up at any point, why haven'y you played this? Replayability, mods, random maps and play how you choose to. Don't pass up this game!
game-hours: 40.2
review: So many hours of my life have been stolen by this game series. Damn Gandhi with all his nukes... Risk+Chess+Stratego+Computer=This Game
game-hours: 36.2
review: Wonderful, HANDS DOWN! - just wish that it wasn't so CPU extensive. :(
game-hours: 2721.0
review: Civ V is a visually beautiful, and fun game. Especially more so with mods. Civ V is different to the previous Civs, by using hexagons instead of square tiles. Combat is more tactical now with the 1 unit per tile rule. Which means more thought is needed when moving and attacking with your troops. The tactical element in this version is definitely what makes it unique and fun, and I think this alone makes it better than previous versions of Civ. Most of the time this feature is fun, but in the late stages, when you have a massive army, it becomes a chore to move them all around. Civ V does feel very streamlined and simplified when compared especially to Civ IV, which means its easy for newbies to get into, but veterans may feel it lacks variety. But there is plenty of civilizations to choose from to play, each offering different potential playstyles, which keeps the game from getting stale. However If you get all the official DLCs and use Mods as well this game becomes amazing.
game-hours: 36.3
review: Bi i was in playin civ right and ghandi was being a in prick so i nuked the  outta him poor  didn't have a chance anyway this game is in mint as  you should get er but a lot of the AI can be  at times so  them up with nukes so i rate this game 10/Carrots
game-hours: 49.9
review: Really good, I suck balls at it. If you are into Turn-Based Strategy this is your best shot.
game-hours: 130.6
review: This is a time sink. But it is awesome!!!
game-hours: 143.0
review: I don't like that the game interface has suddenly change to Japanese (!). And there is no obvious way to put it back to English. How hsould I play&
game-hours: 1185.2
review: Pros are adictive and infinitely replayable gaming.Cons are resourse and location depentant gaming at higher levels also diplomacy means very little.
game-hours: 364.8
review: a this game will show how to  ed 10/10
game-hours: 52.5
review: Just like civilization revoulution but more detailed more  thrown into it, longer, harder, more relistic
game-hours: 377.0
review: Fun game.
game-hours: 34.1
review: Civ 5 is an awesome strategy game; its definitely the best turn based strategy game I've played. Its not like most other strategy games which are just war, Civ 5 lets you take any path, weather it is war or peace, and still win. The scale is also much larger than other strategy games; youre building a country on a planet, not making a military base in a mile x mile map. The interface is very informative and there are so many ways to play that anybody can become an accomplished player. There are very few things I have to nit-pick about, but I wish there was a system of "authorizing" mods to be fair to use and still get achievements, because I have some legit mods I really like, but using them turns off achievements. Still, I highly recommend Civ 5, but beware, they aren't kidding about "Just... one... more... turn..." it keeps you wanting to play it!
game-hours: 85.9
review: so god damn good
game-hours: 379.7
review: I can spend way to much time on this game and have!
game-hours: 132.3
review: Easy to navigte controls, And a definate repeat player.
game-hours: 36.2
review: Brian Yi's Civilization V is one of the world's wonders beacuse it not only helped me pass my Macro final, but it also consumed 35% of my soul along with it. Good deal, game of the millenium.
game-hours: 84.1
review: I haven't been into Civilization since Civ 2, and I must say this one was much better than the last few. The diplomacy tends to work, and combat has been balanced out a bit (no stacking). Although, whenever I put the difficult up to prince it seems like the competition has some serious advantages. I managed one prince level playthrough without getting my  handed to me (thanks Siam). Then again, I suck at Civilization. I have never been good at the series, but I do enjoy it when I want a simple strategy game. Love those Giant Death Robots.
game-hours: 153.2
review: Also known as barbarian simulator 2013 one of the most amazing games ever 9999999999999999999999999/10 would use in everyday life
game-hours: 145.5
review: This is the greatest strategy game out there, as far as I'm concerned.
game-hours: 97.3
review: Brilliant the game is so good and I cant see any flaws in it **** 4 stars.
game-hours: 213.5
review: If you want to play this game. Don't plan on doing anything else. This game is a huge Timesink, but you will enjoy your time.
game-hours: 988.8
review: Great game nullys
game-hours: 360.3
review: Great awsome game!!
game-hours: 21.7
review: One of the best strategy games i have played
game-hours: 1040.4
review: If you like free, slow, action style games, you'll love Civilization V. The improvements over Civ IV are remarkable, yet similar. With more available Nations and Lands, MOD's are out of sight and play through is reall great. Best damn Turn Bassed game I've ever played. Started years, and years ago with Civ I and everyone since! Only sid Meier's name needs to be on a game and I'm there!
game-hours: 95.4
review: really good game, a lot of fun to play with friends, a challenge if you play it on your own.
game-hours: 134.6
review: .    Gods & Kings  Brawe New World!   !!!
game-hours: 317.8
review: Great game, best strategy game on PC. You can play as many great empires and civilizations of the world, from the Mighty Romans to the US of A. You'll lose hours of your life going throught hundreds and hundreds of turns building your military, making a unique culture, making new strides in scientific discovery and worshipping the Gods of, well, whatever. It's your game. Buy this name NOW.
game-hours: 281.4
review: The game is great but steam will not open after a year, be careful. It requires an internet connection to keep verification, but steam does not have a phone number for service. When you ask it a question it gives you only a FAQ response. Not helpful.
game-hours: 80.2
review: I can't believe how ing bad snowy is at this game. in year 1990 wanta to try to get domination victory against 2 untouched civs when we could've won in like 3 turn from science. We fukin lost by diplomatic victory 5 turns later. Don't play with this kid unless you want to disable all victories that aren't domination.
game-hours: 15.8
review: What can I say about Sid Meiers Civilization V? It is seriously one of my favourite games to date. It is an amazing turn-based strategy, that does not feel like either genre! You slowly build up your empire untill your number one, or you get left behind, Choose one of the multiple ways to win, whether its world domination or the magnificent space race. I feel like anyone could play this game with or without your friends and still have a great time. Wait did I say with your friends? Yup it has multiplayer. As you are building your civilization why not invite your buddy? Where both of you get to compete with your friends to see who is the better conquerer! I hate turn based games, but this is great game that everyone can enjoy! P.S. And remember, don't trust ghandi :P
game-hours: 43.5
review: Overall, Civilization 5 is an excellent game. It's graphics and overall gameplay would make anyone that likes strategy games love this game. You can play it with friends on multiplayer and servers are easy to set up. The only thing I don't like are the dlcs, which are exspensive. Nevertheless I highly recommend this game it's one of my favorites.
game-hours: 624.6
review: Civ 5 continues to top the rankings because of its dynamic replayability. Take control of over thirty civilizations and attempt to forge for own empire is awesome. Since maps are randomized, essentially every game is different yet exciting.
game-hours: 408.2
review: Become irrationally xenophobic in only a few playthroughs. 10/10
game-hours: 847.0
review: I haven't been addicted to anything in a long time, but this. Was addicting
game-hours: 48.6
review: Civilization V is the fifth game of a successful turn-based strategy series where you choose a civilization to rule the world. You have a lot of ways to achieve victory; from dominating other players to launching a spaceship, among others. The major improvement here is the new hex-based geography that provides a lot of new strategies and makes the game flow beautifully and look better than ever. Civ V is the best for newcomers too. UI is very intuitive and the game has a lot of tips to help you in your first steps. Also, this game has Steam Workshop support, which means you can easily download maps, custom civilizations and mods from the community. With the expansions "Gods and Kings" and "Brave New World", Civilization V became one of the best in series. I highly recommend Civ V, specially if you want to start playing the 4X genre (eXplore, eXpand, eXploit, and eXterminate). One more turn!
game-hours: 28.8
review: Ever feel the need to re-arrange everything that happened ever? This is a good way to spend 30 hours doing it in one sitting, only to be crushed by Ghandi.
game-hours: 84.5
review: One of the best games I have ever played. I recommend it to anyone who enjoys strategy games and taking over the world!!!!!!!
game-hours: 39.6
review: Great Game completely worth the money
game-hours: 501.7
review: I don't have BNW, but gods and kings is amazing. Anyone who likes turn based games this is the game for you. :D
game-hours: 140.0
review: Watch out for Gandhi, he has an itchy trigger finger when it comes to ICBMs.
game-hours: 10.0
review: A sufficient waste of time. Glad I did it.
game-hours: 467.5
review: BUY IT
game-hours: 124.5
review: you can get so addicted so this game and spent hours playing
game-hours: 159.5
review: The best strategy game yet made.
game-hours: 452.2
review: From the simple worker manegment to the complicated war and city control, the game is truly the best for your money.
game-hours: 23.8
review: Just as addictive as I remember from when I played it on 3.5" disks on an old IBM 486 clone, with Turbo. I am sure the turbo then is as about as powerful as a pocket calculator now. The graphics of course are mind blowingly improved. The rules of the game and the gameplay itself have not changed all that much. I was able to get into the game quickly. Most of the modern GUI is intuitive. I know what I am looking for and it takes only a guess or two to find it. I remember there were a lot of key strokes on the original version which was harder. My computer is not powerful enough to handle the graphics on full blast, but even as they are I am incredibly impressed. Of course, PONG was impressive at the time too...everything is relative to what you know. I still love this game and I love the graphics, sounds, interface and the experience of playing it. Still, all these years later.
game-hours: 1.1
review: i liked this game i mean i always like games like this but i loved this one its so much fun
game-hours: 93.8
review: This is such a great game!! Cannot wait for the new one :)
game-hours: 490.1
review: Keep playing in strategic mode and offset the turn loading times later in the game - otherwise 10/10 would play leisurely, still doing actually.
game-hours: 21.2
review: lost some features from civ4 but overall great sucessor
game-hours: 52.1
review: IQ booster
game-hours: 37.6
review: really funny
game-hours: 103.1
review: I once decided to start up Civ V, hoping to play a couple turns, then get back to work. I managed to quit at 2:00 in the morning.
game-hours: 187.6
review: Ive put over 100 hours into this game and all i can say is that it is just awesome!
game-hours: 409.7
review: Turn-based strategy at its finest. The 2 expansion packs are not necessary, but they add new layers of depth into the game.
game-hours: 34.8
review: in epic sweg right here!
game-hours: 1166.9
review: buy this game if you have a few thousand hours to waste creating an empire
game-hours: 251.5
review: ING AMAZING
game-hours: 846.6
review: swell
game-hours: 25.9
review: Great game! Just runs my GPU crazy at times so I always have to monitor it
game-hours: 118.3
review: Great. A must buy.
game-hours: 214.9
review: Im still adicted after all these years
game-hours: 98.9
review: "First they ignore you then they laugh at you then they fight you then you cleanse them in atomic fire then you win" - Mahatma Gandhi
game-hours: 186.9
review: One of my favorite games of all time. Definitely on my top 10 list. This game is so fun that hours seem to turn into seconds, and it is also the reason why Sid Meier is one of my favorite people in the world.
game-hours: 29.0
review: AMAZING GAME!!!! A MUST BUY!
game-hours: 448.2
review: I played it a bit.
game-hours: 47.9
review: My favorite strategy game. Extremely fun if you like History too.
game-hours: 36.6
review: Great game get it
game-hours: 52.4
review: Very fun strategy game, best played when bored or with freinds. Much to learn about the game and plenty of fun civs to play as. Strongly reccomend this!
game-hours: 54.5
review: This game is definitly recomended to play
game-hours: 203.5
review: very very fun
game-hours: 22.1
review: this game is a great turn based stratagy game fit for co-op and single player, the down side playing this game will give you so many problems from happyness of your citizens, finding resorces, to barbairan attacks i rate this game 5barbarians attacks out of 10
game-hours: 94.5
review: endless fun, troll the cpu on settler or get your  whooped on legendary. its all your choice, i could play this all day! and i have
game-hours: 240.7
review: Best Game on steam- must buy
game-hours: 55.5
review: Great game that pulls you in. Instantly hooked and stays addictive even after your first victory. You really have to plan your actions out and that adds alot of depth to the game.
game-hours: 98.7
review: Good game, but the online multiplayer can be difficult at times,
game-hours: 635.8
review: I was playing this game and enjoying myslef, 500 hours later i am still playing this game but now starving de-hidrated and sleepy.
game-hours: 111.0
review: It was going great until Gandhi started nuking me.
game-hours: 347.7
review: Fantastic game!!! BUY IT!!!!! I would say though that - although the vanilla game is great - buying the Brave New World DLC adds several whole new aspects which really improve it.
game-hours: 418.6
review: I do not like having to use steam for this game. I have to reload steam every time I do a malware scan. I would prefer having a CD to play from. Also, with steam the game is too slow.
game-hours: 36.2
review: This game is one of the best I have ever played, i have never been so addicted to this game! The interface is great, and the game includes loads of civs to play as!
game-hours: 11.2
review: As a long time civ player I really was looking forward to this game - but in my opinion it is a huge disappointment. they took something great and managed to dumb it down and make a game with no lasting value.
game-hours: 127.7
review: The time flies when i play this ! SUPER RECOMENDED!!!!
game-hours: 1122.3
review: If you've never played this game you owe it to yourself to experience the greatest game franchise in history.
game-hours: 144.8
review: SO fun with friends but you need patience and expect things to go to hell quickly if you dont pay attention
game-hours: 520.9
review: It was fine when it was released but the expansion packs just made it. Definitely recommend.
game-hours: 108.0
review: This game is quite possibly one of the best games ever created. It has complex but easy to learn strategy, making the game quite fun for inexperienced and hardened gamers alike. It also gives you hours upon hours of gameplay, with single sessions sometimes taking up to 10 hours! All in all, I would definetly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys strategy, whether they be hardcore strategists or casual gamers (just make sure you don't have anything planned for the next few days!)
game-hours: 109.5
review: grat trim
game-hours: 124.1
review: I'm a little biased, been playing Civ since Civilization 3, but damn! I am just as entertained with this series as I was when I was younger. Be warned though, if you hate DLC, you're gonna be tempted to buy the Brave New World expansion pretty fast. And most of the mods are for the expansion. So if you wanted to play a really cool mod, you're looking at a $60 purchase of the vanilla game, and Brave New World together. The game is still great in vanilla though so whatevah, I recommend playing you some Civ.
game-hours: 30.2
review: Brilliant game! You can play one round about 5~10 hour`s. It's addictive! A lot of variants to win, such as space program. Get it! 9.5/10
game-hours: 254.0
review: Its civ in all its glory
game-hours: 89.0
review: One of the best games ever! So simple yet so much fun. Can easily loose a day or two and not realise when your ruining Japan as Napoleon
game-hours: 165.9
review: I recommend this.
game-hours: 0.7
review: Ghandi is a mean son of a .
game-hours: 53.7
review: Ok, that is a GREAT GAME! The ultimate social life terminator... Love it <3 It's awesome... What are you waiting for? Buy it and play it! Awesome! :)
game-hours: 3070.9
review: Great
game-hours: 309.3
review: Really good game to play wih friends. Really recommend it!
game-hours: 494.9
review: I've spent far too long playing this game
game-hours: 182.8
review: I am absoltuly addicted to this game. it is a must buy.
game-hours: 479.0
review: Very much recommended!
game-hours: 307.2
review: Do you believe that your fit to rule the world. Well you have to start from the bottom to get to the top! Throughout the game I focused on more then world domination, there's an economy you must mantain, people you must feed and armies you must manage. It's not as easy as you may come to believe. But when you crush Egypt, or Ghandi, or whomever else it may be, you walk away satisfied.
game-hours: 4.9
review: My first trun based strategy game i have ever played, And easily my favriote. Its easy to learn and easy to play and easy to have a good time.
game-hours: 141.3
review: This game is awesome. So many countless nights spent playing.
game-hours: 388.6
review: Loving this game, it's great fun to in singleplayer, and even better in Multiplayer. If you get all the expansions, you have an amazing amount of replay-value. I've played over 100 Hours yet, and am still playing the hell out of it!
game-hours: 747.7
review: Simply the best strategy game available.
game-hours: 49.8
review: PLAY THIS GAEM NAO!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 299.0
review: A fun strategy game that is easy to learn but very hard to master
game-hours: 1313.9
review: Civilization V is an addicting turn-based strategy game that's easy to learn, but challenging to master. If you're willing to dump hours and hours in to a game, this would be one of my Top Ten suggestions!
game-hours: 85.7
review: Too many DLC's that contain features that should have been included in the game to start with.
game-hours: 38.0
review: Fun, I love games like these, I can play them for hours on end. I first encounter this type of game while searching my phone for a decent app game to play, I initially only installed it just to give it a try and was very much addicted to the game. Before long I would just play the game over and over again even though I had beat it. So one of its many features is that it has a lot of replay valu to the game. So trying the bigger version of the game was a plus for me, and contains a heck of a lot more content.
game-hours: 152.4
review: Amazing bringing back good old fun turn base games, with updated graphics, storylines for each playable race is amazing.
game-hours: 102.8
review: Good game with plenty of gameplay options and replayability. Only downside for me is the expansions are a bit pricy at this point. I mean the game itself is the same price as both major expansions. It's a bit much. But over-all it is definately worth a play if you are fan of the series or if you enjoy turn-based strategy.
game-hours: 143.2
review: A very In-depth Game that accepts new players new to Civilization. It holds your hand at first, and when you conquer your first city, It feels great. It's good, long and great fun.
game-hours: 226.7
review: This game gave me cancer, it took everything that was me and destroyed it, leaving me a empty husk as I pour my soul into surviving Gandhi's nuclear onslaught. 10/10 Would play again, GotY #NukeSwag
game-hours: 194.0
review: What a great game, I like that you can win with methods other than barbarically taking over the world. Lots of replay value, be careful this game can make the hours zip by!!
game-hours: 60.2
review: While the updates to the hex grid, and one unit per tile might seem game breaking and daunting, it really adds to the fun. You no longer require a rolling stack of death to get anything accomplished. With proper army and terrain management, you can take out their entire army with a few smart choices. What else do you need? It's still Civ at it's core.
game-hours: 1.3
review: awesome
game-hours: 272.7
review: Anyone that tries to play this game competitively is literally the worst person
game-hours: 184.5
review: I grew up on Civ anc Civ2... This does not disappoint!
game-hours: 87.8
review: It can chew up alot of hours. I love this franchise, but its much better playing multi player (as usual).
game-hours: 127.2
review: I sunk over 100 hours into this game and I think that was just the tutorial. This game is amazing. A-MAZE-ING. With a capital AMAZE. It has problems, but I can't remember them due to my mind being blown. Major time sink. Divorce your wife before starting.
game-hours: 1959.8
review: If this game was a potato, it would make excellent chips.
game-hours: 492.4
review: This is a very good game. Almost all my friends have it, so this review is near pointless. I am only writing it to let you all know that once you have aquired the DLC, the levels of fun will be doubled. Brave New World (BNW) really brings a new meaning to immersion when you get down to it. Without BNW, this game is simply just no where near as fun as it could be. So get BNW. Yeah. That's it. Have fun.
game-hours: 160.1
review: THis game is highly addictive and just plain fantastic (especially with the DLC). "Just...one...more...turn!"
game-hours: 284.4
review: I spend TOO much time on this game... It's good though, get it, ask me to play it with ya.
game-hours: 98.4
review: One of the best game i ever played! You sure need to buy this game.
game-hours: 134.4
review: The Civilization series has been one of my favorite gaming series for as long as it has been on the market. This iteration of Civilzation offers many of the standards that are associated with the game such as multiple ways to win the game, extensive difficulty choices, game play option toggles. I have enjoyed the additional interaction with City States and the varying political stances of AI components with the states. The AI in Civ V seems to work at a much higher level staying true to specific objectives and criteria. One aspect I miss about Civ V that was available in previous versions was the ability to share technology in the diplomacy window. Aside from that I always enjoy running multiple campaigns while skewing historical details (like a war-mongering Ghandi). Civilization V has high replayability and provides hours of fun and challenging environments to keep gamers of all levels entertained. Highly recommend.
game-hours: 222.8
review: A game of pure class, nothing but enjoyment from your first city to your last.
game-hours: 199.8
review: Can't... stop... playing... Don't judge it by vanilla - the expansions make the game. Go for Gold, at least. Civ V with G&K and BNW offers a million different strategies to try. Okay, maybe that's an exaggeration but no two games will be the same, and pretty much all playstyles are valid and do-able. Combined with the Workshop, you really can play just about any way you like. Note: using mods disables achievements. Not a big deal for me, but worth noting. With all the DLC, there are now over 40 Civs to play as or against. Just watch out for Gandhi. Seriously.
game-hours: 48.1
review: Great strategy, worthy continuation of the series.
game-hours: 812.4
review: first sunday of the month. civ5 battles
game-hours: 658.6
review: This game will take away all of your time. Not spare time, all of your time.
game-hours: 181.9
review: Don't Trust Dido.
game-hours: 229.4
review: It's very funny and addicting. I recommend buying this. :)
game-hours: 339.4
review: Awesome strategy game... 21st century chess. Very addictive too! Great graphics and sound, music, fun, and lots of strategies to win!
game-hours: 33.9
review: Better than the PS3 CIV! :) 10/10
game-hours: 59.5
review: better than the old one
game-hours: 111.9
review: Fun
game-hours: 551.5
review: Always fun to play ruler of the world. At least for a little while.
game-hours: 126.8
review: Good ole Civilization. This is a classic strategic turn-based simulator, however, this one is a little different than the previous Civilizations. For starters, you don't choose directly if you want to be a monarch or dictator, instead you adopt social policies that shape these different forms of government. Secondly, there is no tile stacking... which kinda blows, but it does make for a more realisitic gameplay. Other than that this game maintains its integrity and you will surely lose your soul if you are one of those people that easily get sucked into games like this!
game-hours: 173.0
review: This game provides hours of relaxing strategy gameplay. If you have doubts for this game, give the demo a try(the game is much better if you get the DLCs).
game-hours: 63.3
review: Just..... One........ More.....Turn.......
game-hours: 165.8
review: If you enjoy stratagy games, or want to get into them. I highly recommend this as a starting point for you. With just a little research you can get hooked onto this game. 21 hours played and I bought this 3 days ago. A time waster but a bloody good one. 9/10
game-hours: 59.4
review: Crash after crash after crash. Unplayable.
game-hours: 119.3
review: this game made me suspend my social life for three week's totaly worth the buy
game-hours: 77.7
review: Really addictive strategy game with a easy-to-understand UI, even for newcomers in the series. My only con is that the game gets a bit boring after someone gets the nuke, but its just my opinion! 9.7/10
game-hours: 56.4
review: Ultra realistic graphics showcase lush landscapes for you to explore, battle over and claim as your own. Art deco influences abound in the menus and icons in the most well-designed Civ ever developed.
game-hours: 173.1
review: I need to go outside at some point. Destroyed my social life and my view of Gandhi. 10/10.
game-hours: 11.5
review: Civilizizization! AWESOSOSOSOME!
game-hours: 182.5
review: Love this game. 14/15 as the multiplayer is a little shabby.
game-hours: 960.5
review: 10/10
game-hours: 174.7
review: Best strategy game i played so far and very adictive. i would recommend to people who love this type of game.
game-hours: 24.5
review: Good game to kill time.
game-hours: 50.9
review: In this game you don't need money, you just need time, lots of time, LOTS AND LOTS OF TIME, or Ghandi ing your  up.
game-hours: 39.9
review: Once you understand all the ins and outs, it can be quite humorous.
game-hours: 78.4
review: Buckell, play civ5 with me! It's awesome!
game-hours: 42.1
review: This game speeds up time around you. Look at the clock and then play some Civ then look back, and I guarantee you that at least 3 hours will have passed. I have already lost 35 hours of my life to this phenomenom and I expect I will lose many more. 10/10
game-hours: 600.8
review: gud m8
game-hours: 31.0
review: Garbage. ... and don't believe the hype, Brave New World has exactly the same fundamental flaws as the base game.
game-hours: 347.6
review: I have owned this game for about a month, maybe a little more and it is one of my favorites until recently (not saying it isn't good but this is really annoying, still love the game) when whenever I try to load up a save or start a new game, it crashes. Besides that annoying aspect, the game is amazing and if you don't own it (one of my friends), buy it.
game-hours: 260.6
review: I played this game for close to 30 hours over a 2 week period when I made my new computer. It's that good.
game-hours: 188.1
review: one of the best strategic games I have played ever
game-hours: 58.8
review: saying oh ill just play for an hour a great way to lose half a day
game-hours: 122.1
review: one of the best strategi game i ever played, it will entertain you for hours and is really a challenge to complet. would it not be fun to play as your home land, america, denmark, sweden, germany and many other country.
game-hours: 59.9
review: sick strategy game i reccomend that anyone interested in games such as total war should get it great fun! :D
game-hours: 411.7
review: great game
game-hours: 302.2
review: Great, highly strategic game that has you thinking!
game-hours: 715.2
review: If you are a strategy fan and like turn-based games, buy it. If not, I wouldn't recommend it. Doesn't get old very easily.
game-hours: 11.6
review: Build an empire and rule the world... or get destroyed by barbarians
game-hours: 67.9
review: fuyjhg
game-hours: 80.9
review: The gameplay stayed the same over the years but why change things if it works?. Graphics got better, mechanics got finetuned, things added, things dropped. Still a pleasant game for a lazy day at home. ...And no, I don't know either what happened to Civ IV :P
game-hours: 50.5
review: One of those games that you promise to try for five minuites. Only to find yourself still playing it seven hours later. Very addictiing, pretty fun and great for people new to the Civilization series while challenging for the Pros. 10/10
game-hours: 164.3
review: if u are a 4x fan i would definitely recommend this game. and likewise if your not really a 4x fan it is still a great game to play. not just hours but weeks of fun. 10/10 from me.
game-hours: 151.9
review: Excellent game. Ruined my life.
game-hours: 142.7
review: I recommend this game, especially with the in-game editor (IGE) mod installed. It makes for really crazy scenarios.
game-hours: 62.5
review: Civ all eh za shun..... Yeah !!!!
game-hours: 196.0
review: A great game for stratgey fans, civ 5 on its own is much simpler than civ 4 so fans of the series will not like it however all the issues are addressed in both dlc's and they and a tone of content!!
game-hours: 1585.7
review: Best strategy game ever. Complex yet simple. True design elegance.
game-hours: 192.2
review: Needless to say, Civ V is a quality product - tons of content, hours, and I mean HOURS of gameplay, all wrapped in beautiful graphics and sound. Brilliant.
game-hours: 42.3
review: Looking to kill some time? How much time you got? Wanna be locked in your room, in the dark, blankly staring at a computer screen for literally a week straight?! Buy this game! It's wonderful, really! Five stars.
game-hours: 118.7
review: Best game ever.
game-hours: 1530.8
review: Game ruined my life. 10/10, if given a second chance at life, would still play this.
game-hours: 51.6
review: A great game - expecially with Brave New World. Just watch out for Gandhi - don't let the sandals fool ya!
game-hours: 115.0
review: If you are new to the Civilization franchise, do not let the complexity of the game turn you off. This is a very addictive game and once you get the basics down, you will keep coming back. With all of the different maps and leaders the game is never the same twice. Just watch your time, because this is the type of game you can play for hours and not realize it.
game-hours: 109.5
review: . Every time I play this game, I like it more. I wish sitting down to a session didn't glue me to the chair (by my own choice)
game-hours: 40.3
review: It's Civilization! Either you're going to love it, or you've never heard of it.
game-hours: 17.3
review: This game is great whether you enjoy history or not!
game-hours: 220.6
review: This game will destroy your life. You'll be walking down the street wondering why you don't have to stop and wait for the other players to take their turns, and then you'll think, "oh yeah, I guess I can go a few more spaces since this is technically a road."
game-hours: 278.4
review: This game is my favourite strategy game that I know of. Lots of depth, tons of content and replayabliilty, DLC is completely worht it, and with mods you can play this game for days without realizing what time it is. Great graphics, beautiful UI, and immersive gameplay creates a must play. Do yourself a favour and try this game.
game-hours: 33.2
review: Although it may not be historically accurate, it's still a fun strategy game that'll have you saying "Just one more turn!"
game-hours: 282.3
review: Great game for spending 30 hours striaght and having fun teh whole time...
game-hours: 90.8
review: Germany declared war on every civilization. 10/10
game-hours: 207.4
review: This game is virtual cocaine and should be governemnt-regulated. It has robbed me of too many days of my life.  this game. Thumbs up.
game-hours: 86.9
review: definatly
game-hours: 78.3
review: 10/10 can make people pray to yeezus
game-hours: 403.4
review: It was unclear if this one really beat out Civ IV for me, but with Brave New World, there isn't a doubt that this installment is the best so far! Great for anyone who likes pure strategy!
game-hours: 162.1
review: Awesome game, totally different feel than four(which I consider the pinnacle of the classic civ style of play). Introduces city states love them or hate them. The DLC is way too expensive though. I bought the game pre-release which was a huge mistake and resulted in me paying twice as much for the game's content where as people who waited for the complete edition(about two years), get a way better deal still to this day. It's cheaper for me to buy the complete edition now which duplicates half the content I already own than to buy the content piece meal which is total BS. Good game though.
game-hours: 60.1
review: It is really fun, highly reccomend it, even if you have never played a turn based strategy. It has very helpful tooltips to help you learn the game.
game-hours: 41.0
review: Just an amazing game full stop, endless fun.
game-hours: 90.3
review: What can I say about Sid Meier's Civ V that hasn't already been said? Beautiful world map, great fun, and one of the best Civ's made. I really enjoyed BNW as well. Would recommend.
game-hours: 728.0
review: Never relax, never surrender. Kill, kill, kill.
game-hours: 44.1
review: Destry Ghandi before it's too late.
game-hours: 133.0
review: The king of the 4X! Especially with the expansions, this game is just great if you love your 4X. I personally prefer the absense of unit stacking (you can have 1 military unit, 1 civillian unit and 1 naval unit per square). Cities have HP which means you don't need to stick your starting military unit on your city for X turns in case a random babarian captures it while you were exploring.
game-hours: 12.3
review: 10/10 scraw
game-hours: 140.4
review: fun game play , hardest ai i have verus always a tough fight even on normal. easy to learn and figure out
game-hours: 251.6
review: Civ V, after all the patches and expansions, has matured into an enjoyable grand strategy game, even if, overall, it's argueably a step back for the franchise. The game is gorgeous. Diplomacy and trade work are more nuanced than ever. Fewer cities and units means less micromanagement and city states create interesting new gameplay. The reduced complexity of most of it's systems is apparent after awhile though, at least to me. Each Civ is really only suited to one or two victory conditions. Civ IV allowed you to dynamically change your governmental structure depending on the situation, where Civ V just has you accumulate points towards the next permanant perk, without any apparent change afterwards. It's still fun to play through many many times and is by no means a bad game, it's just not as complex or open ended as it's predecessors, and so slightly less replayable than they were, imho.
game-hours: 45.6
review: This installment keeps you playing turn after turn 'till midnight. ;) Seriously, once I start, I can't stop...it's that good.
game-hours: 10.9
review: Holy cow I spend too much time playing this but its really a good time-waster. I doesnt even feel like you are wasting time since the gameplay is so rich and satisfying.
game-hours: 184.6
review: Hated by everyone, yet culture is so influential that you win anyway 10/10 would culture again
game-hours: 10.3
review: Complete and utter crap
game-hours: 97.9
review: ATTN Linux Users, RE: This Game. This port is so good you should buy it twice. Runs better on Debian than it ever did on Windows.
game-hours: 371.5
review: I cannot get enough of this game. It is truly amazing. That being said however, I need to mention just a couple of things. I got into the Civilization series rather late (Civilization IV was my first). Ever since then, I've been hooked on it. Coming from the Civ IV experience to Civ V was, surprsingly, rather disappointing at first. The problem with Civilization V is that the vanilla version (no DLC/expansions) of the game just feels incomplete. Several concepts core to Civ IV (along with a few civilizations that I thought would be included easily) were no longer there. In order for this game to be all it can be, and really feel like a different, improved game compared to the previous entry, you need to buy at least both expansions (the other DLCs can be left to your discretion). Conclusion: If you don't already have this game and you like the strategy genre, I highly recommend getting this one, it really is a good game. Even if you haven't tried Civilization yet, do it. I would just recommend buying the complete edition so that you really do have the entire game (plus you get everything for less money). This is, however, just my opinion, feel free to disagree.
game-hours: 11.5
review: review 9/10 nice game , learn some history
game-hours: 59.0
review: sniffs (crack)
game-hours: 432.9
review: Civilization is one of the best game that I have played and will ever play! It runs nicely on Mac 10.7.5 and the game has so much to offer! I greatly recommend it to everyone! Still a pity that the leader cutscenes are on minimum settings, which is unable to change on Mac. Still.. play this game, you'll love it!
game-hours: 311.4
review: Play this game, you philistine. I don't even know how to describe this game. No other game is so well designed. The systems are simple in their ability to be comprehended, everything is boiled down to pretty little icons but the level of complexity behind them is staggering. No other game permits you to so gradually remove your training wheels. And dear god will you need training wheels when you start out.
game-hours: 40.3
review: Never gets old, every game turns out diffrent
game-hours: 129.4
review: BEST CIV EVER ALL STRATEGY LOVERS SHOULD BUY AND EXPOSE THEMSELVES TO THIS GAME AT LEAST 12 HOURS STRAIGHT
game-hours: 89.3
review: Lovely stuff
game-hours: 627.0
review: very addictive game sometimes find myself at 4 a.m. playing
game-hours: 23.4
review: it's fun
game-hours: 285.0
review: Bloody brilliant. It is at its best with the G&K DLC and the BNW DLC.
game-hours: 83.4
review: This is a great game, Civ. V is bacically a mix of risk and settlers on steroids.
game-hours: 44.4
review: Great
game-hours: 222.1
review: Never has a game consumed so much of my time. Once you start developing a nation, gaining and losing power, showing empathy to captured civilians and crushing destructive and volatile nations - when the music plays as you bring down an empire famed for its culture... when you hear their screams as they flee to their final city... when you continue the march, justified because of their zealous spreading of foreign religion in your lands... until your Diplomatic Victory has now become a Domination.
game-hours: 33.9
review: Great game! Especially if you enjoy strategy games you always have something to do,literally. 10/10
game-hours: 356.0
review: Does not let down if you like strategy games.
game-hours: 376.7
review: I've had this game since it first came out and I've never grow tired of it, the dlc's are amazing and add so much content, and the replayability is endless. Amazing game and I can't wait to see what follows in the next civ game.
game-hours: 172.7
review: really fun game in my opinion it's better with Brave New World but even the base game but for 30 extra dollars its tottaly WORTH your money
game-hours: 325.6
review: I haven't slept in 3607 turns.
game-hours: 221.5
review: Probably a better jumping-in point than Civ IV, but something of a step backwards for the series. This game improves in some ways and fails in many more others, but a good game for those less interested in thinking and planning than Civ IV.
game-hours: 10.1
review: I don't know what im doing when I play this but its fun
game-hours: 131.3
review: One of the best strategy games IMO.
game-hours: 49.3
review: Quite addicting and fun.
game-hours: 22.9
review: Extrememely fun and time-consuming strategy game. Prepare a few hours for one session of this game!
game-hours: 381.9
review: I love this game! To the point where I have to limit myself to the weekend or else I'll be up all night playing it! It's a great turn based strategy, in the more difficult levels you really do need to think far ahead and plot your way to victory! Although it's quite different to Civ 4 it still has the core gameplay and feel of civilization, and over the patches and DLC have ironed out problems that most initially weren't happy with. It come's highly recommended from me, but be warned, it's also highly addictive.
game-hours: 89.9
review: Starting a game before bed is like playing russian roulete, either your wife notices your missing and calls you to bed or you don't sleep that night. 20 Homicidle Ghandis out 10
game-hours: 99.7
review: I try not to play this game very much....because once i start, i end up one more turning until the sun comes up >.<
game-hours: 26.0
review: Skvl tahov strategie, obsahujc cel djiny lidstva. Mnoho nrod a vojevdc, technologi, map, vojsk a skutench mstskch stt. Vynikajc grafika a zvuk. Pro milovnky strategi a zvlt tahovch nutnost. A s roziujcmi DLC dal porce zbavy navc. :-)
game-hours: 251.5
review: This game is like squeezing blood from a stone, while talking to the night.
game-hours: 183.0
review: this game is the BOMB
game-hours: 242.9
review: In combination with Gods and Kings + Brave New World, this is the best Civ experience ever!
game-hours: 401.0
review: Game is great, new expacs make it great fun and adds alot of Civ's and its alot of fun playing on immortal and seeing ghandhi come and attack you with half a million nukes XD pros - game contains alot of fun and the modding community is great for keeping up the fun and adding new content cons - seeing missionaries and  inside your borders and not being able to attack them if you aint a  is really annoying. would 10/10 anyday.
game-hours: 8.3
review: Just a couple more turns then ill stud- "NAPOLEON HAS DECLARED WAR ON YOUR EMPIRE" Oh, that er.
game-hours: 144.4
review: This is an interesting game, well done but also quite long. I'm impressed by the massive gameplay even if it's a bit cahotic.
game-hours: 123.6
review: One of the greatest stratergy turn-based games of all time. Easy on the eyes and an extremely enjoyable game to wrap your head around. Turtle and amass your strength, or spread everywhere as quickly as possible and claim everything.
game-hours: 150.0
review: So many hours have been devoted to this black hole of a game. I regret none of them.
game-hours: 370.8
review: Great game! Perfect for Stragity lovers! Great gameplay and best Turn base game i've ever played!
game-hours: 59.2
review: Just one more turn will always last another 3 hours. Great game.
game-hours: 131.2
review: This may be the single greatest game ever, from it's awesomeness, to it's epicness, it makes you suck a  and like it.
game-hours: 59.6
review: A really good game for people who love strategy games
game-hours: 110.2
review: Great strategy game!
game-hours: 289.0
review: yea
game-hours: 6480.8
review: Great strategy and building game. Long hours of play time. A+
game-hours: 21.6
review: v
game-hours: 222.5
review: Best in the franchise, best in it's genre. Civilization V is one of my favourites games ever made. It's biggest issue is how addictive it is. But hey, they say that time enjoyed is not time wasted, right? 10/10
game-hours: 177.0
review: Awesome games
game-hours: 3681.3
review: Do you have too much free time? Problem solved. Do it,
game-hours: 79.9
review: I really like this game.
game-hours: 242.0
review: A very solid successor to the Civ series, with excellent polish available in the expansions and a vibrant modding community.
game-hours: 42.8
review: Great game! Fantastic visuals, realistic gameplay, and decent AI
game-hours: 44.1
review: If you haven't played a Civ game or only played Civilization Revolution on the consoles, it's pretty complicated but it's super fun even when you're -30 gold per turn and everything is terrible. It's very satisfying to wipe a whole civilization off the map as they try to negotiate peace when they're down to their last city. It's marvelous.
game-hours: 56.7
review: Great game worth the money, but you might want to wait for a sale like I did 10/10
game-hours: 176.1
review: bestest game evers of all the evers
game-hours: 1753.9
review: incredible
game-hours: 23.0
review: #takeover
game-hours: 825.1
review: Addictive....
game-hours: 119.3
review: Based
game-hours: 171.8
review: I recommend this game, but highly suggest to have a great computer. Knowing from experience, Civ 5 does not work well in the later part of the game on a older computer.
game-hours: 16.5
review: it looks great on my HP Pavilion Elite h8-1124 at my fabulous palatial estate in the borscht belt
game-hours: 264.7
review: Good game.
game-hours: 72.3
review: great game i love it!! nice graphics also and i love the gameplay
game-hours: 24.2
review: Amazing.
game-hours: 88.1
review: Tons of fun, especially with the expansion
game-hours: 279.1
review: Pretty fun game. Great for those who crave power and bloodshed. Oh and diplomacy. But betraying your friends in order to destroy them and claim their lands is great fun.
game-hours: 45.2
review: At first i didnt tink i would like it.... but damn i can play this for hours
game-hours: 352.8
review: If you enjoy turn-based strategy games, and you're not playing Civ V, there is something wrong with you. Period.
game-hours: 3051.9
review: Get your  together.
game-hours: 84.2
review: "I'm near the end. I'll just finish this game and go to bed," you say. You lift your eyes to the clock a moment later and it's 4:30a.m. and your civilization hasn't even discovered the internet.
game-hours: 159.7
review: A Spectacular accomplishment.
game-hours: 2096.3
review: This is a very entertaining way to rewrite the history of humanity... that is unless you find yourself in the same area as both Attila the Hun and Genghis Khan, then it becomes an epic struggle for survival... Other than that, the truely unique approach to this game ensures that you will never play two games the same way... 93%
game-hours: 419.2
review: Is your  between 0 and 12 inches? Get this game and be 13inches+
game-hours: 245.3
review: Deep down, it's really not a different game from the pixelly DOS one I used to play late into the night, very badly, way back when. Still simple enough for a kid with plenty of depth, a decent learning curve and enough variety to keep you entertained for years. The multiplayer definitely needs some work, still buggy and can't be modded, but single player still has plenty of depth to go around.
game-hours: 157.8
review: Grab a 30 rack or 3, sit down with a few friends, and LAN this game all day long. Most fun I've hd sitting in one place for 16 straight hours.
game-hours: 23.6
review: THIS GAEM IS FAN
game-hours: 109.1
review: Civilization V is very different in a lot of ways from the other games in the franchise. In some ways it's great, in other ways it was disappointing. But maybe the disappointments came from the gameplay changes that made it so different. Here's what's new: -Cities are MUCH more difficult to take over. They can attack other units from several spaces away, and need to have a substancial about of damage dealt to them before they can be taken over. -You can have only one of a particular unit type on the same tile. (A worker and a soldier can be on the same space, but not two workers or two soldiers). This means that you can't stack workers to get a job done sooner. And you can't move a worker through another worker. Instead you have to go around). -Certain range units can attack from several spaces away. -Artillary, like the cannon, need to use a movement point to deploy before firing. -There are many, neutral city-states scattered around the map. You can conquor them, but it's usually to your disadvantage, as it will make other city-states hate you. However, if you befriend them, they'll give you culture, religious points, sometimes units (soldiers and great people), as well as extra votes at the United Nations. They'll also go to war against any nation you go to war with. Therefore, the majority of the game feels like just a race for the favor of these city-states. And there is little purpose in going after them. -There are major disadvantages to expanding your empire. More cities means a higher cost for policies, and the inability to build certain wonders until a specific building is built in each one of your cities. Also, conquoring any city, even if they were the original aggressors, will make all other nations hate you. Unless you are over powered, this makes it very difficult to take over the world through warefare. I got this during the Humble Bundle Sale. I probably wouldn't pick it up for full price, but when you find a good deal, I'd snatch it up in a heart beat. I'd say the game and all it's expansions would be worth around $20. But then again, I rarely spend more than $20 on a game.
game-hours: 112.7
review: This is the fifth game in the series, and boy, do i like it. it has most of the regular features from the previous games, but also all-new hex based navigation, which is a little strange at first, but you get into it quickly. This is Civ, new and better. 9/10
game-hours: 985.4
review: Civ54 BNW ^q^    AI  4 4 1  ... Civ4 BNW Civ4   B
game-hours: 2476.6
review: Stealing all your time XD Just one more turn, please
game-hours: 224.6
review: Love it!
game-hours: 46.3
review: To AWESOME
game-hours: 30.7
review: i stayed up all night playing this then my brain fell out of my face and now i am dead it's a pretty good game
game-hours: 116.5
review: Civ 5 is arguably one of the best turn-based strategy games to date.
game-hours: 1840.4
review: 2 Thumbs up! With what we have in real life a bunch of human beings pretending to be human; and most uncivilized, watch out here comes Sid Meier! This game while stimulating ones intellect with strategy and intrigue, gives one the feeling he is actually back in time being human and most uncivilized at that! I will upload a map soon!
game-hours: 691.7
review: No one can see me in this game, civ 4 was better but this is really good.
game-hours: 400.4
review: Awesome game, just keeps getting better!
game-hours: 72.1
review: my favourite game, pehaps of all time, because it has the perfect balance between a great multiplayer game and enjoyerable single player which many games seem to lack. it has a few bug and querks that will make you cringe but they can be overlooked
game-hours: 88.1
review: Awesome game, highly addictive fun turn based game
game-hours: 908.7
review: This game will riun your life.... so worth it!!! Amazing game, very addictive.
game-hours: 2.9
review: CRAP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Spent all this monay and I can't get to play a game I have really enjoyed as an earlier format. Nothing seems to work and as for any help it's non existant.
game-hours: 219.1
review: BUY THE GAME, IT'S ADDICTIVE.
game-hours: 75.5
review: great for those who like a game where the key to winning is either brute strength or working with other civilizations and you get to see some special things that history may not teach you
game-hours: 260.0
review: wicked game logged nearly 200 hours gameplay and ready for another 200
game-hours: 94.4
review: compared to other Civ titles #5 leaves you wanting, that maps never "set up" like you tell them to (eg. earth, terra) and the flow is sluggish..... 1/5 stars 1-gfx no playability - repetative no story..... controles are not user friendly, and the help tips dont provide much info Ai cheats, still cant beat me, but it cheats, sure they can propse unbalanced deals and expect me to take them but then when i make the same offer they ALWAYS refuse sayng its not a fair deal and thats garbage if i clearly overpower them they should be fear me and take anydeal that downst involed me killing them.........
game-hours: 227.1
review: great game
game-hours: 22.3
review: Fantastic game with a ton of depth. Great replayability. The best overall Civ game I have played in years.
game-hours: 45.3
review: A great game really fun and addictive but the game seems to crash a lot.
game-hours: 21.6
review: 4 months later but i finally finished a game.
game-hours: 157.2
review: THIS GAME IS GOOD
game-hours: 360.0
review: tis' vereh guud plz get da
game-hours: 664.1
review: YEAH!
game-hours: 24.6
review: The best strategy game I have ever played. Solid graphics, gameplay, music, and endless replayability. Get it now. 10/10
game-hours: 321.7
review: If you've got the expansions, and you want to play with someone, hit me up! Unless we don't talk much, then just stay away loser. JK, I WOULD PLAY THIS GAME WITH HOMELESS KITTENS IF I HAD TO, AND THAT WOULD BE REALLY CUTE TO DO.
game-hours: 187.6
review: yea
game-hours: 49.6
review: Fun and addicting.
game-hours: 452.4
review: This game is absolutely awesome. If you want to get addicted to something othere than drugs or gambling, this is your game. Buy it, buy its expansions and clear your schedule.
game-hours: 33.5
review: Its Civ, if you dont know about it you're doing something wrong
game-hours: 382.3
review: gr8 game super fun and tactful
game-hours: 89.5
review: good game you can al ways find it on sale for $5 you just gotta look
game-hours: 150.5
review: Never thought i could spend a full 24 playing a game straight, i got that and at least another 4 to 5 hours straight with this game, it never stops interesting me, the only issue would be the multiplayer but you definitely do not need it to play this game and have a load of fun
game-hours: 5.2
review: All the weapons suck
game-hours: 172.4
review: Absolutely great for lovers of war strategy games. Also doesn't require constant attention because of turn by turn gameplay, which is great for a more casual gamer.
game-hours: 33.8
review: Fun
game-hours: 336.4
review: Honestly, the best way to make history into a action-packed awesome- game!
game-hours: 580.0
review: Caca poo poo fart fart snot
game-hours: 37.9
review: Spectacular game, though it does have its fair share of flaws. Single-player experience is second to none as far as turn-based strategy gaming is concerned. 4/5
game-hours: 38.2
review: Better than sex .
game-hours: 149.0
review: A great civilization. With easy to get basic gameplay, but quite challenging on higher difficulty levels. I enjoyed playing it for hours, but finally got bored of the non sense of the AI. It's just too bad you can't unify the world by becoming ally with every other civilisation, you can just bribe city state to vote for you when you're rich enough. Or easily kill everyone else quite quickly when you get a sufficient edge on them, or wait to build the spaceship if you're not bored or really stuck.
game-hours: 154.2
review: Once again proving that there is no more blood thirsty historical leader than Gandhi.
game-hours: 35.1
review: the game crahes when im in the middle of playing and i have to restart from the beginning, i forgave it the first time but after the 3 time it got a little ridiculus. i saved my game knowing it would randomly crash and every time a person from a different city state interacted with me, the game crashed.
game-hours: 139.2
review: A game once you start playing you cant stop !!
game-hours: 40.2
review: You will own a world.
game-hours: 0.1
review: Some sad crap.
game-hours: 18.3
review: AWESOME! TOTALLY WORTH BUYING!!!!!!!
game-hours: 47.6
review: This is a good game alone or with friends, only downside is it hides itself under "S" and you think you've lost it :P
game-hours: 649.2
review: An amazing game! Spent days playing. Plenty of mods available to spice things up. Ultimately, my favourite game :)
game-hours: 50.6
review: Its disturbingly addictive...
game-hours: 84.1
review: It's Civ
game-hours: 130.3
review: Now, I'm not into drugs - neither as a dealer or a user, but if I was going to compare how it feels to play this game to anything under the sun, it would be a substance called crack cocaine. It's heavily addictive, it can keep you up until the early hours of the morning on a 'high', and of course an overdose can be fatal. In a 'best case scenario' it'll be 5am, your 230th turn. You'll be in a cold sweat, your heart pounding. Your blood vessels clutch tighter than a jew's wallet. You hear a knock at the door - it's your damn wife. "Please, come to bed" she begs from behind you. You slowly swivel your gaming chair to look at her straight in the eyes, vacant and withdrawn and whisper "...no". She then moves out to live with her mother and leaves you with the god damn kids and a hefty pile of divorce papers. Who needs her? You've got Civ 5!
game-hours: 523.3
review: Probably the best strategy game to date, would recommend it to anyone.
game-hours: 21.2
review: You can easily find yourself investing way too much time into this one, great game!
game-hours: 291.0
review: I love this game! Hours and hours of fun!
game-hours: 163.4
review: This is an incredible game. You need to just set aside an entire 24 hours and play one or two games of this in a row, its an insanely fun turn-based strategy. I don't really like turn-based strategies, but this game is just fantastic, the detail that you can go to in customising your Civilisation is amazing, and you eventually find a style/empire that you are most comfortable playing as! Highly recommend this game to anyone, it changed my mind about turn-based strategies, it might with you too!
game-hours: 21.2
review: The year is 1470 AD. Ghandi declared war against George Washington, King Ramses II and Napoleon. 10/10. History books are now obsolete.
game-hours: 130.0
review: Amazing
game-hours: 219.3
review: A great strategy game with so many ways to play. every dlc is worth it.
game-hours: 45.8
review: Un super turn-based strategie qui dure longtemps. En team, c'est pic.
game-hours: 226.7
review: fun
game-hours: 87.6
review: A reveiw? it's a Sunday waster. Sit at your computer for hours micro managing! You'll enjoy the time you wasted. and feel acomplished when victory is achived.
game-hours: 232.5
review: Buy this.
game-hours: 48.6
review: Excellent game. The best rts game for me. Nice graphic, mechanism, gameplay and special unit like XCOM and death Mech robot... (You can see XCOM unit vs pikeman...haha)
game-hours: 260.0
review: Choose a country, and run it your way! Would you like to be the most technologically advanced, or the most cultural? Would you have a large workforce capable of building world wonders the quickest? Would you be friendly, or would you attempt world domination? Would you place your cites in a place it in a place with good resources or fertile land? This game is incredibly detailed and addicting. The DLC add more objectives such as religion and trade routes.
game-hours: 22.0
review: Lovin This Strategy Game Really Flexes Your mind
game-hours: 206.9
review: Immersive, detailed. Endlessly replayable, especially with the latest DLC, which made the AI much less aggressive. Can't recommend Civilization V enough.
game-hours: 106.9
review: MUST HAVE!!!!
game-hours: 53.7
review: buy this game. 'nuff said.
game-hours: 12.0
review: Germany is always an . Always.
game-hours: 414.1
review: Have been a fan since Civ 1. I highly recommend getting this game if you love epic conquest and strategy style games. There are so many variables and so many good civs to play as that the replay value on this is endless. If you have never (really?) heard of this game, do not hesitate to get it. Be prepared to be unable to find a spot to stop playing. Once I start a game, I can hardly stop until it ends. Very hard to save and come back to later, but I definitely make time very soon to do so.
game-hours: 149.1
review: This game was criticized quite a bit when it first released, so much so that I didn't even consider buying it. I largely ignored it until I saw it on a deep sale and figured what they heck, it's cheap, I guess I'll try it out. Quickly I started kicking myself for waiting, it's really a great strategy game and of all the Civilization games I've played (II through IV) this one was by far the easiest for me to get into, learn the system, and actually do somewhat well in the game. I'm actually happy that they got rid of the "stacks of doom" that the previous games had. I really didn't like having to manage dozens upon dozens of military units. I've put over 100 hours into the game so it was more than worth the investment. The one and only complaint that I have with it is for some reason I can't understand ... as you advance in technology your ranged units lose their range. You can start the game with Archers that can attack 2 hexes away, but then you get gatling guns and later machine guns and they can only attack adjacent hexes. Overall though it's a great game and worth at least trying out.
game-hours: 64.0
review: If you enjoyed the prior Civilization games, you'll enjoy Civilization V. The only problem is finding multiplayer partners for such long games.
game-hours: 550.0
review: If you live with your girlfriend or wife or both ( god help you:) I hope you have a strong relationship....you'll need it!
game-hours: 160.0
review: i think this game is amazing it is one of thoses very few games that you can play at any time of the day so i give it 10/10 from a very happyfellow P.S i think peole in this day and age sould stop illgaly downloading games and surport the devlopers infact im going to name one of these people sjbarker
game-hours: 216.7
review: This game is great, and you should buy it! Simple as that.
game-hours: 112.5
review: An absolutely amazing game, expertly executed. I really liked the game when i played it and would probably have continued if my friends had bought it too. I recommend you get the DLC while you're at it, changes the gameplay quite a bit centering around trading and culture.
game-hours: 80.6
review: Huippu peli
game-hours: 210.3
review: Great game, recommend getting all DLCs as that makes the game so much better
game-hours: 0.1
review: Can not get game to run even though it says that I am playing.
game-hours: 87.9
review: It's pretty fun to just do a LAN or play with friends. REMAKE ALPHA CENTAURI!
game-hours: 75.1
review: Great game to play with your friends. And if you don't have any friends its also a great game to play by yoursef too :)
game-hours: 14.2
review: We must get to the WhiteHouse!-Ghandi
game-hours: 48.7
review: Legendary. Worth every cents, specially since i got it from humble bundle :)
game-hours: 144.3
review: This is an Amazing GAME!!!
game-hours: 152.5
review: Great game!! Fun to play multiplayer.
game-hours: 124.3
review: Awesome
game-hours: 76.9
review: It's a great game, but feels dumbed down compared to the other Civ Games. Still fun though.
game-hours: 144.3
review: Highly addictive, typical Civ game but more polished.
game-hours: 82.1
review: A great entry in the Civilization series!
game-hours: 308.5
review: Awesome.
game-hours: 371.3
review: This game is really fun for the stratgeists out there and can make some pretty intreasting fun if you have friends for multiplayer
game-hours: 153.1
review: This game caused me physical pain. 10/10
game-hours: 310.1
review: Definitely worth the money, it's actually pretty fun to play. The satisfaction of destroying another player's entire empire is just too great. The only problem I have is that the DLC is a bit overpriced, but that doesn't affect the standard game's gameplay. Definitely a good game and definitely worth of Game of the Year.
game-hours: 90.0
review: love it live it
game-hours: 146.5
review: I fully endose this product and/or service of which I have no affiliation with
game-hours: 161.8
review: Addicting as hell, and it makes me angry.
game-hours: 93.3
review: I can play this game for hours many many hours.
game-hours: 116.9
review: I love Civilization V. It is the most addictive game I have ever played.
game-hours: 41.5
review: Very addicting i just love this game
game-hours: 54.3
review: This game is evil, it will consume your life.
game-hours: 27.9
review: This game is great!
game-hours: 66.0
review: In Civilization V, you play in an alternate dimension where Earth seems to have been taken over by Gandhi, who intially lures you in with promises of friendship and wealth - only to be anally ed by him when you realize he has the nuclear missile by 1850 AD. 10/10
game-hours: 279.4
review: One of the best games of its kind, another success from Sid Meier
game-hours: 85.5
review: you can upset a nation by simply trading your diplomatic bannans to the wrong nation 10/10
game-hours: 656.9
review: love this game
game-hours: 43.0
review: I like the game but can they seriously fix the crashes.
game-hours: 67.4
review: Great game but, will be a upgrade for gold editions to complete edition ?
game-hours: 823.1
review: Best game of it's kind.
game-hours: 823.1
review: Best game of it's kind.
game-hours: 1285.9
review: Best game ever IMHO.
game-hours: 518.8
review: purchased when it came out and its cost me 90 bucks thus far good game not worth paying just to make it playable
game-hours: 19.9
review: Awesome, just awesome.
game-hours: 296.1
review: Best installment ever!
game-hours: 175.3
review: One of the best turned based games ive had the pleasure to play. It runs well though i have had more crashes than i hoped for. The game is fun with friends but can take a lot of time but you can always save it. The only problem i have with (apart from the crashes) is that to fully enjoy the game, you will have to get the DLC, Gods and kings and Brave New world. Though its worth it.
game-hours: 312.4
review: Great game, still playing for hours per week. Still miss some of the features of civ4, like slave states, etc. Could really use some additional diplomatic options (like demanding surrender, slave states). And what I haven't encountered yet in this version, in older versions if a huge empire lost its capital, it split up in two adding a new nation to the game. Would be nice if that feature was also introduced again, or in case of unhappiness for a long time, certain cities rebel and form their own nation (which is actually how many nations were formed).
game-hours: 78.9
review: it's awesome!
game-hours: 74.7
review: This game is fun. Slightly addicting. Sometimes frustrating. But still, I like it!
game-hours: 303.7
review: Best strategy game, easy to play, difficult to master.. I only wish, that AI is more predictible. It feels too much random, actions are without consequences..
game-hours: 312.7
review: Finally a Civ game that can rival Civ 2!
game-hours: 1003.2
review: HIghly addictive combination of simulation and turn based strategy. If youre a fan of CIV, this wont let you down. If youve never played any of the civ series, I definitely think this game wont let you down. Its an interesting mix between Age of Empires and Sim City, for lack of a better comparison.
game-hours: 26.0
review: Civ 5 is extremely fun, and even a little educational as it mirrors how real-life affiars in the world could go down.
game-hours: 390.1
review: Its so much better now than it was at launch. great game to just drop some time into.
game-hours: 35.5
review: only good if you get the dlc but it is great with goods and kings but best with brave new world great for stragey gamers and history lovers. its very fun and good for multiplay
game-hours: 117.7
review: Despite numerous mechanical flaws and inconveniences, there aren't many games that can replace Civ's specific niche Multiplayer works well
game-hours: 140.5
review: This game is great, prepare to piss off you wife.
game-hours: 279.2
review: i spend my life in this game, because this game is beautiful and wonderful.
game-hours: 184.1
review: Amazing game with great replayability.
game-hours: 33.4
review: civ 5 is great
game-hours: 26.6
review: great game to pass the time.
game-hours: 623.3
review: One of the best games ever!)
game-hours: 12.9
review: brilliant game! so adictive
game-hours: 0.2
review: Can't even play it, starts then freezes on load screen every time. What a joke!
game-hours: 320.0
review: Best in the series.
game-hours: 85.6
review: Would totally reccomend this game to anyone who likes a good strategy game. Be sure to get Gods and Kings as well as Brave New world to help enhance the experience!
game-hours: 1346.1
review: Meh it's alright. Might get your money's worth outta it.
game-hours: 477.9
review: Whether you're an old school Civ guru or brand new to the series, like myself, Civilization 5 delivers engaging gameplay through key choices made during every campaign. Tread diplomacy lightly as to not incur the wrath of larger, more powerful Civs, or go balls to the wall militarily. I guarantee if you play long enough, you'll ache to win as many ways as you can. Gods and Kings didn't quite fix diplomacy, but the game is directly better because of the DLC.
game-hours: 140.7
review: Invented the internet before computers. 10/10
game-hours: 412.9
review: I have sunk so much time into this game since I bought it in the Humble Bundle. I would recommend it to anyone!
game-hours: 203.9
review: I've played strategy games my whole life and this is the most complete game out there. Replay value is very high, Pro tip - save often...
game-hours: 391.7
review: FUUUUCCKK YOU EGYPTIANS  YOOOUUU!!!!
game-hours: 435.7
review: What can I say, Civ has been amazing for over a decade!
game-hours: 59.9
review: One of my favorite franchises of all time, Civ 5 has brought a lot of new and exciting content to the table, and a boat load of changes to boot. While some changes are better than others, the experience of building your nation, fighting for land, trading for resources, and the over all global experience is something great to be a part of. If you see that I'm online and not playing this game, assume I've been kidnapped and I'm trying to signal you.
game-hours: 68.0
review: Best stategy game I have ever played.
game-hours: 71.7
review: Awesome
game-hours: 8.8
review: Good game. Worthy successor to Civ IV.
game-hours: 1344.0
review: Addictive as all get out!!!
game-hours: 84.5
review: It's nice, REAL nice.
game-hours: 378.8
review: Dis Game better dan Choc Cake!!!!! Must Get with BNW and Gods and kings
game-hours: 118.5
review: great game!
game-hours: 185.7
review: How to Ruin Friendships 101 Step by Step
game-hours: 136.7
review: This game is amazingly fun even though ive only played a little ive not stopped playing
game-hours: 154.2
review: Like strategy? Like challenge? Then you will like Civ V. In short it is an improved version of the previous games but with some added content which is also a blast. Although I have been playing with Gods and Kings DLC added on so it may be slightly different with the standard version. Also having online is a lot of fun especially with friends as you can have a lot of people playing at one time. Its also nice to backstab a friend once or twice for not giving you that bit of oil...but thats just my story. Also with a large and active workshop community new mods are fun to use as it only expands more on what Civ V offers. Although if you are not interested in long game times then you might want to avoid this one for now or get it in a steam sale as games can take hours and even days. Although there is saving so you can take a rest but dont think you can rush victory in twenty minutes.
game-hours: 35.6
review: great
game-hours: 117.3
review: i would greatly recomend this game for anyone who enjoys turn based strategy games. you'll find yourself addicted to it in a matter of minutes, trying to become the worlds most cultural and military dominate empire. if you are not a patient person however you probably will not enjoy this game, because it takes alot of waiting and planning before you make your next move.
game-hours: 132.3
review: Great game, just wish workshop was for mac.
game-hours: 322.6
review: this game lets you nuke everyone 10/10 very realistic
game-hours: 305.5
review: Amazing game, but be warned... this game is highly addicting
game-hours: 81.9
review: 2Addicting4me
game-hours: 15.7
review: The latest entry to the best turn-based strategy game series of all time, Civilization V delivers the goods and implements new gameplay while still remaining true to the series. Great game: 4.5/5
game-hours: 67.9
review: Okay..okay.... Last turn
game-hours: 73.5
review: You can't stack armies anymore but new features make this a great game.
game-hours: 1296.0
review: Very good game, very addicting, but so awesome.
game-hours: 27.0
review: if you have something to do within the next week, dont buy this game you will need a support group.
game-hours: 188.3
review: Time-sink, and boy do you love the hours you put in it.
game-hours: 173.9
review: Great fun game which runs smoothly and doesn't crash
game-hours: 34.5
review: Wow this game and the depth you can control your civ and your relationships with other civs is really MMMRGLMMM. Get it 10/10 would buy again.
game-hours: 378.5
review: One more turn!!
game-hours: 126.3
review: The base game, when first released, was pretty tame compared to the much loved Civ 4. Gods and Kings (Gold Edition) made this a good purchase, Brave New World brings it up to the standard we've come to expect of the series. Some pretty big changes in this installment, including hex based maps and the end of "the stack of doom", albeit replaced with "the blob of doom" in some instances.
game-hours: 384.4
review: This is by far one of my favorite games!
game-hours: 573.9
review: Hope you don't have a family or social life if you play this game.
game-hours: 66.1
review: This game- for little I have to say I'm terrible at it. But one thing this game did was impress me with its overwhelming amount of features, I've only scratched the surface! This game seeks to amaze me and delivers which is why it gets a seal of approval. I rate it around 5/5 (Perfect Score!)
game-hours: 603.1
review: Good game!
game-hours: 114.5
review: Excellent Game, many hours of play time. Brilliant turn based strategy, most fun when played with Friends. Like Risk? Of course you do, this is longer, more complex and more fun. For more and longer reviews go to
game-hours: 46.1
review: Great strategy game!
game-hours: 248.2
review: Funny XD
game-hours: 29.3
review: last time can conquer city-state civ through marriage. now cant ?:(
game-hours: 397.5
review: My relationship with this game is kind of funny. I originally bought this game because I had just bought a laptop, and I just wanted something casual to and something I can set down at a moment's notice for when the real world called. What started as a Causal pass time, has over the years, remains a Casual pass time. I mean this in the best way possible. Out of all the PC games I have on Steam I have probably invest a good portion of my time trying to build a civilization. The learning curve is very forgiving, so anyone ca just pick it up and play, yet there is enough depth in the game to keep you "I liked my last game, but now I know this, I can do better". I wouldn't say the game is ground breaking, but the visuals and the depth make me care about the society that I'm growing. While this may not be an innovative, or ground breaking game, it is a solid platform. I've enjoyed my time with this game, and in the end, isn't that what it's all about?
game-hours: 30.8
review: I Love it!
game-hours: 462.2
review: Most Likely the best RTS game out there
game-hours: 164.4
review: A fantastic strategy game. I would recommend it to anybody that enjoys strategy games, and also a good game for people to start on if they have never tried strategy games before.
game-hours: 437.2
review: Seriously stop reading this and start playing Civ V. Why are you still here?! I'm not kidding stop reading this poorly written thing and start playing the game!
game-hours: 123.5
review: better than ing dark souls by a mile long . but really this game is really good if you're either a science or history buff or you just like conquering the world highly recommend it
game-hours: 163.3
review: This game is one of my favourite strategy games ever
game-hours: 203.5
review: This is honestly one of the best games I have ever played. Definatley the best strategy game I have ever experianced. The graphics are apropriate for the game and the gripping strategy gameplay is top-notch. I would give it a 9/10.
game-hours: 59.1
review: I really thought this was going to be another basic, boring strategy game. I was wrong.
game-hours: 57.7
review: if you're having a hard time deciding if you want to buy this game just stop thinking so i can tell you that you yes indeed just need to go ahead and buy it because you will for sure love it
game-hours: 68.2
review: Is so good! But you need the expansion packs
game-hours: 50.1
review: To be honest, Civ 5 is one of the best games I've ever played. It's music is compelling, catchy, and epic. The actualy gameplay itself is easy to learn, and it requires hard-thinking and well thought out strategies to win the game. The variety of different civiliazations is awesome, which each having their own unique skills. It's enjoyable, fun, thrilling and addictive. Now get ready to lose some sleep when you delve in to the world of Sid Meier's Civilization V. Personal Rating: 9.5/10
game-hours: 485.4
review: Awesome game that will keep you saying "One more turn."
game-hours: 804.6
review: The game is simply Amazing! You cannot play for a few minutes as it will quickly escalate to a few hours. The expansions offer a lot and are more than worth the purchases, but the core game will keep you busy for days. Certainly reccommend this game for anyone, even those new to the genre.
game-hours: 352.1
review: Being a fan of the civilization franchise Civilization V was something of a disappointment when I first played, however that was because I naive and my expectations wasn't matching what the game was about. After coming back to the game I realize that a lot the features that have been implemented while I was gone and all the expansion pack have turned the game into a solid piece of work. It is fun building civilizations and conquering enemies that have an uncanny capabillity of out doing you at every turn. The technology is realistic somewhat and the non-stacking units take some time to get use. However I would recommend this to everyone who wants to build a nation from ground up and conquering multiple enemies. I just wish that there were more micro government options oh-well still it is a good game to by time and have fun.
game-hours: 1129.1
review: I feel that this is a fun game if you can wiat long periods of time for turns to end
game-hours: 719.4
review: Almost to good :)
game-hours: 2.8
review: One of my personal favorites. It's not a great sequel, to be honest, but it's a solid game nonetheless.
game-hours: 136.3
review: I love this game and Ramseesw!
game-hours: 170.0
review: Absolute garbage. The worst Civ game in the series. Everything is ridiculously slow, and uses a horrible interface. Technology has been "streamlined", meaning dumbed down. Technology outpaces production, so that by the time you've built a unit, it is becoming obsolete. The one unit per tile would've been a nice addition, but it lags to to a clogging of paths, and the AI can't handle. The AI itself is insane, and diplomacy is thrown out the window entirely. The AI is stupid, and gets secret bonuses regardless of difficulty (this is in addition to the bonuses stated in the difficulty settings). Unhappiness cripples your empire. There aren't enough resource types. The game encourages you to not develop cities to their potential due to the maintenance costs of gold - the premise works, so that you specialize, but like everything else, it fails in execution. Every game begins the same, with the AI soaring way ahead because of cheating bonuses. If you survive those early turns, you win because the AI can not compete. It can not think. It can not work with you properly. It can not combat you because it can't understand different unit types, and formations. ABSOLUTELY ONE OF THE WORST GAMES I'VE EVER PLAYED. PERIOD.
game-hours: 535.7
review: gg
game-hours: 260.0
review: Vanilla Civ 5 is a disappointing game. There are nice some mechanics. But everything concerning Cultural and Diplomatic victories is just lame. The game is seriously broken as these victories disrupt the gameplay and if you disable them you end with a game with no depth. I never understood how the game could be so succesfull. Forget about get this game alone, because it's just . With that said, Civ 5 Brave New World is a whole different story. Diplomacy and culture got totally reworked and the game now is huge. You can play thousands of games and everytime try something different. No matter where you spawn and what nation you pick. The game always allows you a succesfull strategy thanks to the huge policy and religion mechanics. You can change the shape of your civilization every game depending on your needs. This is best civ ever. In short, get the game with the expansion packs you're in for a lot of fun. Just forget about getting vanilla.
game-hours: 251.2
review: The game is OK without dlcs. But with g&k or bnw the game is extremely good and well done. Civ+expansion= very good Civ alone= OK.
game-hours: 201.9
review: BRILLIANT!
game-hours: 344.0
review: Civilization V is a fascinating and addictive turn-based game that may be played either solo or multiplayer. The interface is simple and intuitive with plenty of on-screen prompting for most actvities. As you play, you will find such gems as queues for both building or research that help automate your exanding empire a bit, or the advisor panel which helps explain how things work while you are in-game. Like any leader it might take a bit to know which advisor is giving you the most important imformation or information that you simply need to know. There are thoughtful comprehensive guides available which help even the newest player to begin to understand the complexities of this game.
game-hours: 126.1
review: Very good much enjoy, wow. Seriously though, I don't know how this game is good, it seems like it would be boring, but it isn't, it's one if the best games in my library.
game-hours: 270.8
review: Brillaint game, spent hours playing it.
game-hours: 418.8
review: This game sure eats a lot of time but the satisfaction it gives is remarkable! Since Gods and Kings the complexity and challenge is greatly improved. A must if you enjoy this sort of thing!
game-hours: 447.8
review: I spent 9 hours on the tutorial. Did you know that's the amount of daylight in a Canadian winter day? I do now.
game-hours: 32.6
review: Brilliant game, best strategy game i have ever played
game-hours: 133.0
review: Lik dis if u cri evertim
game-hours: 2.3
review: This game is a massive hit on statergy and FUN because its a all round amount of awesomeness !!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 64.6
review: DO NOT. I REPEAT. DO NOT AGGRIVATE LEADERS UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES. IT WILL ONLY LEAD TO TEARS.
game-hours: 103.6
review: "Just one more turn..." *3 hours later* "Just one more turn..."
game-hours: 1627.1
review: As you can see by how long ive played its extremely addicting. You can kick ! But some words of advice. Never......Trust..... GHANDI
game-hours: 47.1
review: I like this game but some off the mods i got from the workshop just magically disapperared.
game-hours: 37.1
review: Warning: Play only if you have a decent time to spend. You don't play 14 hours straight in a bad game. 11/10 would recommend.
game-hours: 113.7
review: I played the previously Sid Meier's Civilization 3 as well as this one. I love this game obviously. It is like playing chess but with your civilization at stake. But it is not really realistic because the historicial figures are who they are, not who you are. Like for example, some of the famous warlord like Genghis Khan achieved his empire by letting his Mongel enemies join him or die, and the Roman Empire expanded not because of it's army but because of the use of making roads that made it easier for the Roman soliders to march on in Caesar's conquest. The game would be made more challenging if the world leaders were forced to follow their ways rather than change with the today's thoughts on the success of civilization building. If only if we could renact history and see if the gamers could create alternative historical worlds based on the strategies of famous or infamous historical figures.
game-hours: 91.9
review: Awesome game! First Civ game I have ever played and I enjoy it a lot. Easy to get into and once you start, you won't be able to stop!
game-hours: 186.1
review: A single player dreamland, a multiplayer nightmare. As a single player game, Civ V has everything a strategy game needs for several hours of fun and umpteen days of replay value, the graphics are pretty even in strategic view and with the many ways you can play the game it's hard to get bored even before you start venturing into the mods and DLC. The biggest flaw though, is if you have friends and want to play with them or against them, then expect dissapointment most of the time, I've had some games with 1-5 other people which last a few hours with no troubles at all, a little lag is expected from online gaming like this but more often than not, the game hates bringing people together and has a tendency to crash, freeze or even lag out so much your not even sure whats going on, and on a few occasions it won't even get that far. So on a whole, most of your fun will be fighting the Ai in single play conquests across the world in different times and locations, and if your lucky you might even finish a mulitiplayer game, I do recommend the game and hopefully one day we might see an update allowing us to play with friends.
game-hours: 101.5
review: HOLY SHNAPS!!! A MASTERPIECE 11/10. Babylon is a true BADASS
game-hours: 3.5
review: gr8 game m8 i r8 8/8 no h8
game-hours: 29.1
review: Don't let the title fool you. This is actually 'Not Trusting Gandhi Simulator' 10/10 Would get rekt by Gandhi again.
game-hours: 119.2
review: Extremely addictive! With the massive number of acheivements to unlock and the enjoyment level of the game, it is hard to stay away for too long.
game-hours: 29.1
review: axes>helicopters
game-hours: 134.5
review: If you see Ghandi, no matter how early in game destroy him at that moment if you dont he will nuke your  into oblivion 5 times over.
game-hours: 528.2
review: Great game! Easy to play, fun to play, and overal fun, fun, FFFFFFUUUUUNNNN!
game-hours: 5447.3
review: Civ 5 is Love, Civ 5 is Life...
game-hours: 325.2
review: Highly addictive! I couldn't put it down for four days in a row.
game-hours: 1673.7
review: Addictive even for hardworking people...
game-hours: 301.8
review: It's fully sick brah!
game-hours: 62.0
review: If I had a choice between having sex with a woman or playing Civ V, I'd probably still choose sex with a woman. But afterwards I'd tell her to get out of my house so I can play Civ V. 10/10 would give my crabs to George Washington again.
game-hours: 109.3
review: Civilization is the leader in turn based strategy games and Civ 5 represents the series well, go play it right now.
game-hours: 209.3
review: Som sjakk -gr aldri ut p dato! (Klassiker;)
game-hours: 140.5
review: Awesome game, the amount of time i spent playing is too damn high! haha
game-hours: 76.7
review: This game is great. Only posting this for the awards
game-hours: 65.2
review: Amazing Strat game i reccomend for player who like strat and are patient
game-hours: 108.6
review: If you like turn-based games with a grid-like map then this is the game for you. You get to choose a civilzation which has its perks and then build it from the ground up by creating cities, researching tech, making units, etc. It has an exelent style of gameplay ranging from unit health, to resources around a city, and cililzation happiness. One thing I miss are goverments from early civilizations but overall its an exellent game!!!
game-hours: 283.1
review: My girlfriend has asked me not to play this game anymore, as it keeps me from doing anything else. I'm two months' sober from this game, but still... the hunger to turn it on. Of-ing-course you should get it.
game-hours: 1235.1
review: I think the time played above says it all...
game-hours: 81.8
review: If you like turned based strategy this is the game for you. Countless hours fly by without even realizing it. Multiplayer is there as well; it's fun to get two other friends on the same team and watch your research skyrocket while you gang up on all the other cities. Great game, well made, and all round fun to play.
game-hours: 65.4
review: Best strategy game out there, bar none.
game-hours: 76.6
review: amazing game if you want to do a world domination game with friends or A.I.
game-hours: 246.1
review: Amazing and addictive
game-hours: 292.6
review: I vouch for this game if you got ocd like me. I'll beat it, then say I'm gonna do it a different way next time around... Then i done played it half a dozen times and still wanna try new ways.
game-hours: 132.6
review: Why haven't you bought Civilization V yet? You have? Well, it's time to kill that  Ghandi once and for all! Play for countless hours by yourself or with friends! You can even play senarios like the Civil War. It's too overwelming? Get to know the game by playing the standard game without the DLC then once you get farmiliar with it, upgrade. 10/10, would Civ V again.
game-hours: 75.0
review: Rule or to be rule!!
game-hours: 78.5
review: This game is so ing fun. It's a relaxing game to play after a long day at work or a good workout. More fun with friends, like most games. Definite buy.
game-hours: 129.6
review: great game
game-hours: 278.9
review: A game you can spend hours playing and feel like you've accomplished nothing.
game-hours: 60.1
review: Just one...more...turn....
game-hours: 191.7
review: best game ever!
game-hours: 140.6
review: Tactical civilization management at its finest.
game-hours: 14.3
review: Amazing Game!
game-hours: 279.0
review: dis game iz da shizaye u waz gon 2 work bat wayz funna ! bye it yo
game-hours: 212.6
review: This game is addictive. Stupidly. Many have complained that the game has had too much taken out to appeal to a wider market. Ignore them. The changes are for the most part sensible, and improve the flow of the game. The Gods & Kings expansion tweaks things further and makes the whole package feel more complete. OK, so diplomatic relations still go south once you get to a certain size - and someone is bound to attack you if you don't so maintaining a strong army is essential and can make it harder to seek other victory types but it isn't a game breaker. I'm having ridiculous fun after 100 hours and I've barely scratched the surface.
game-hours: 88.4
review: After a long series of backstabbings, had the pleasure of dancing on gandhi's corpse. vishnu/10
game-hours: 382.3
review: I recommend this game for those that like the turn based stratedy types. CIV 5 gives you the right ammount of control over your civilisation without information overload. a well contructed game.
game-hours: 174.7
review: great game
game-hours: 116.9
review: I no longer have life all that is left is civilazation
game-hours: 42.6
review: awesome game, great for a strateigic player
game-hours: 294.9
review: great game love it
game-hours: 182.6
review: Great game, been playing it hours.
game-hours: 248.3
review: Damn nice
game-hours: 14.1
review: This is a awesome game It takes me back to the time's i was playing command and conqure for the ps1 and ps2 it truly is a amazine game i recomend you buying it. It is very cheap for what you get and i almost forgot its on pc so you can easly mod it there are also some great mods out there one of my best mods are the world war 2 remake mods it is a fantastic mod and you can choose to be any country form britain, france, germany,usa,ussr it is a classic mod and i hope the guy or girl makes another! This is my post on this game Thanks for reading! BTW check out my Youtube Channel i am starting to make some videos on this game i just need to find the right capture software!
game-hours: 429.9
review: If you have any experience with Civilization games previously, do yourself a favor and buy the complete version of this that includes Gods and Kings and Brave New World. The DLC for this game takes what was otherwise an okay, but kind of pared down and boring version of Civ, and turns it into the best Civ game since Alpha Centauri. Other things of note if you are an older civ player looking at this game: - Units are restricted to (basically) one unit per tile. At first this seems terrible, but in the long run you'll wonder why you ever put up with stacks of doom. - Instead of squares, you have hexes. This increases the strategic depth of the game a lot. - India will still nuke the hell out of you the first chance they get.
game-hours: 33.0
review: Great turn-based strategy game.Everything is well made I like the mulitplayer that you can save the proggres that you have acomplished with the players that you are playing with.Everything is well polished.
game-hours: 11.6
review: I enjoy this game a great deal. A little tricky to start with but well worth it.
game-hours: 391.4
review: Obviously a classic series that continues to improve with every release, but be warned: The AI is inherently bad and does not play better on higher difficulty settings. Instead, the game simply assigns better starting resources and disposition to the computer opponents, making the game incredibly unfair in the beginning, only to level out and eventually fall in your favour towards the end. When I discovered this fact, I was compelled to stopplaying, but I still don't regret the nearly 400 hours I spent on it.
game-hours: 103.9
review: If you have all the expansions and DLC for the game it wil not let you go so easely.. Just ONE MORE TURN!!!
game-hours: 111.5
review: Good game 10/10
game-hours: 20.6
review: Too many problems to list running this game. i7, P8 z78 pro gen 3 mobo, 16G corsair RAM, 256G SSD and GT 560 ti. Game won't launch at all ever since I bought the DLC. Updated all drivers, verified game cache, uninstalled, re-installed, and did a rain dance for good measure. Game is broken. Has been uninstalled and I'm not going to bother trying to  with it again.
game-hours: 81.5
review: a really fun game to play if you don't mind slow paced games that can take quite some time. The best part for me is that you can make your empire big and then crush your foes like small insects under a boot.
game-hours: 28.2
review: Great game with fun multiplyer
game-hours: 305.9
review: This si the kind of game that only comes out once in a great while. The game itself stay asmzingly true to the civilizations it prtrays. if i were a world history teacher, I would force my students to buy this game.
game-hours: 58.7
review: This is one of those games that you start playing after work and then, before you know it, it is time to go back to work...
game-hours: 298.2
review: A truely amazing game. Well thought out, and never tires to entertain.
game-hours: 45.2
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V is arguably the best strategy game ever produced. Never before has such a complex strategy game been this immersive and addictive. It's been a long time since I was able to completely lose myself in a game and forget about the world around me, but Civ V is just like that. You're always just one more turn away from quitting a play session, and before you know it, it's time to change clothes and get ready for work again. Yes, while there's a bit of a learning curve involved, it's really not that difficult to figure out how to go about building your empire. It's easy to make mistakes that hamper the growth of your civilization in one way or another, but you can easily take steps to recover. Civilization V offers a wide variety of cultures to choose from with unique traits and abilities to distinguish them. Every game you play will be different from the last. Settle in, sit back, pour yourself and drink and get ready for an epic experience that will take you from primitive roots to an advanced civilization bursting with new technologies. Civilization V may very well be the only game you ever want to play.
game-hours: 139.6
review: ITS AMAZING
game-hours: 60.1
review: Awsome Strategic game, you can't see time spent on this. Captivating!
game-hours: 12.8
review: Amazing game i can't stop playing!!!
game-hours: 268.9
review: Civ V is strangely addictive. At first it seems fairly impenetrable, especially to anyone who had never played a Civ or strategy game before. There is a lot going on with a lot of things you need to keep tabs on, from unit placement to happiness levels to how much gold, culture, faith and science you are producing. But after playing around for a few hours and grasping just exactly what it all means, the competitiveness kicks in. My pride gets hurt when I hear that sad tone and see that some far off land has built the wonder I was 3 turns away from completing. I feel foolish when I befirend Caesar only for him to stab me in the back a few turns later. All these experiences mould you until you become canny to AI persoanlities. Each victory drives you forward. Furthermore, it is a game you cannot get bored with. The number of civs you can play as is huge, with untold more to download from the steam community. Maps are randomly generated so you never get the same game twice. The many difficulty settings mean you can push your strategy to the limit. The different victory conditions make playing Civ exciting and fun. I adore this game, and would recommend it to anyone who even has a passing interest in playing it. Beware, however, as you will find the hours falling away when you play. You cannot play civ for just an hour or two. Make sure you have a free day to really get into it, otherwise you won't have time for anything else!
game-hours: 577.3
review: Frustrating and exhilirating. It is, for better or worse, the epitome of "just one more click."
game-hours: 470.2
review: At first I was not a fan of Civ 5 after coming from Civ 4 but getting the Gods and Kings and Brave New World really improved the game for me. I would definitely recommend this game to anyone who likes turn based strategy games.
game-hours: 55.8
review: If you dont have this game, I feel bad for you son, i got 99 problems but Ghandi ain't one... however the zulus are at least 9 of them...
game-hours: 279.1
review: 10/10, utterly brilliant turn-based strategy, excellent purchase
game-hours: 256.0
review: great game to play against your friends
game-hours: 227.9
review: I'm conflicted with this game. It's much easier to play multiplayer now with steam, but CIV4 will always be my nostalgic favorite. COOL NEW THINGS (to C5): More in-package Civs I like the hexagon grid as opposed to the squares City-States! A bit more stream-lined Better Graphics Added in Archeology, Music, Arts, and Writting for culture Policy Trees Pantheons and Customizable Religions THINGS I MISS (from C4): Trading Technologies Trading Maps (Otherwise, what's the point?) The animated building of wonders upon completion Using Mods in multiplayer Leonard Nemoy Baba Yetu (song) Founding multiple religions Multiple Units per-tile
game-hours: 39.5
review: Fun and doesn't run like
game-hours: 223.3
review: I should go to bed. Hang on, one more turn...  it's 3am. 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 255.2
review: Excellent game in the great Civilization series.
game-hours: 72.7
review: I came to the Civ game late. Only started with IV, but have had so much fun. Game lengths can vary based on settings and is great for one you want to knock out in an afternoon or if you want an epically long game that takes a couple weeks to get through. I can see how Civ really has defined the TBS 4X genre and Civ V is a really great release with the tweaks an addition they brought (hexagonal tiles, no army stacking, more political aspects to you strategy) and has really made a well rounded game that you can play anyway you want.
game-hours: 1028.4
review: I can't belive that I played it for 1000 hours! Every Game has needed various situation and tactics.
game-hours: 6.3
review: good
game-hours: 146.0
review: My favorite game to just relax with. Even at higher difficulties I never really stress out with Civ I just sit back and try to execute my strategies to the best of my ability and hope I don't spawn in a desert. DLC is well worth it since it adds so many new layers to an already complex game. Multiplayer is a blast as well. Always a good time to beat a friend to a wonder and listen to them rage over skype.
game-hours: 121.1
review: I've always loved the civ games and this one is even better.
game-hours: 48.1
review: Manage your empire as you decide how you want to expand its influence throughout the world. Be the first to send your helpless people to the infinite beyound, big mac the world into submission, or choose to do things the old-fashioned way, through brute force.
game-hours: 12.5
review: Addictive as hell, one of the best RTS out there
game-hours: 11.9
review: sean get it k
game-hours: 71.7
review: Great game and thank you so much Valve for giving us this game on linux. It would be even better if there was a SDK tool for this game on linux.
game-hours: 24.9
review: This game sucked and it is highly unlikely you will play it for more than a day. I tried to and in the end, I felt that I pissed my time away.
game-hours: 116.5
review: Started a War with everyother civ still won 10/10
game-hours: 837.4
review: Fun, easy to learn, and very addictive. Needs more detail. oveall one of the best.
game-hours: 86.6
review: Buy!!!! That is all.
game-hours: 95.9
review: Really fun game. You should get it if you like stradegy games.
game-hours: 6.6
review: .
game-hours: 522.5
review: Awesome game!
game-hours: 110.2
review: Just one more turn
game-hours: 162.3
review: This game is absolutely amazing! My favorite Civ by far. While the base game can seem alittle underwhelming Gods and Kings makes it a civ classic and with Brave New World it feels like the culmination of Civ games! I can't wait to see whats in store for Civ 6 as I have already been blown away with how great this game is!
game-hours: 66.9
review: Probably the best Sid Meier game yet. I would recommend this for anyone who like a plot line in their game, this has all kinds of technologies you can research plus alot more. I really enjoy this game.
game-hours: 235.3
review: BUY NOW I MEAN IT I HAVE NEVER HAD SO MUCH FUN IN A GAME I STAYED UP LATE JUST TO PLAY IT WORTH THE PRICE BUT GET IT FORM AMAZON AS IT BETTER.
game-hours: 477.9
review: A fantastic game for passing the time, and an even better game to join up with your friends, and kick some .
game-hours: 132.0
review: its super sexy
game-hours: 404.3
review: Truly a classic, normally a series would have shown signs of slowing down or stagnating in terms of content or quality but the civ series is still going strong.
game-hours: 992.5
review: I think my hours played say enough about what I think of this great game.
game-hours: 17.6
review: 9.5/10 would bang
game-hours: 323.9
review: This is a true test of gaming endurance.
game-hours: 551.4
review: Say goodbye to your life. Amazing game (both for single anf multi) with only one (very important for me, as mod fan) disadvantage: you cannot use mods (which completely overhaul the game) in multiplayer.
game-hours: 581.2
review: A modern masterpiece, with the replay value of a hot blonde.
game-hours: 102.5
review: This is a very addictive game, there are so many options for the maps and the opponents and everything, there is technology, history, science, culture, strategy, warfare, tactics, and more all combined, I created a game with all 14 civilizations and I have spent 3 days on just that game, and it is still not finished, but I have a glorious empire soon to crush Germany, then either the empire down on the bottom right or egypt. My idea is play with large continents, take over one of them completely and then fortify it and do what you wish from there.
game-hours: 116.8
review: Never Trust Japan. This game is amazing and I had trouble leaving the computer for so long only because of this game. The expansions completely changes up the game and so when you think you're done, you try G&K's or BNW and instantly the game feels fresh. Truly and amazing games that is worth the 1000's of hours you'll end up having put itno it.
game-hours: 140.8
review: Gandhi is a .
game-hours: 82.1
review: This game is fun when playing against humans. It's terrible playing against AI. The NPCs are way too predictable and non-threatening. If you build up your military quickly, you can overrun them every time. Graphics are better than previous Civ's, but still just ok. UI and tutorials are good.
game-hours: 51.0
review: I would love this game but it I get so far and it shuts down every time.
game-hours: 182.7
review: SO GOD DAMN ADDICTIVE!
game-hours: 287.8
review: This is an AMAZING game. You can easily spend hours on end playing and it has matches that can last easily over 20 hours. With varying difficulty levels, it allows both casual and hardcore gamers a tough experience. Although, the game is a bit incomplete and unbalanced without the expansions, it is still a good base game. I STRONGLY recommend getting Brave New World and Gods and Kings along with the game. It adds so much more functionality and realism to it. I've sunk many hours into it and it is by far one of my favourite games of all time. With hours of replayability, you can entertain yourself forever with this game.
game-hours: 57.2
review: The last Civilization I played was Civilization III and after that I didnt expect, that I would buy another Civilization, bcs the balancing was really bad, but in Civ V the balancing is much more better!!! (in Civ III: enemies declared war, when you didnt gave them the atomic bomb in exchange for the wheel thechnology -.-) Since it lasted a long time, when I played a Civ before, I got into the game again really fast, bcs it's really newbie-friendly. I really like the graphics of the cities on the map (tiny monuments :3), but the streets are horrible ^^ (maybe I upload a screenshot to show you, then you know, what i mean ^^)
game-hours: 17.7
review: Still flaming mad about spending 13 hours on a campaign just to have the huns convince everyone to attack me. It is a great (albeit time consuming) strategy game. I'm interested in trying the turn by turn play. 9/10
game-hours: 116.6
review: Just, one, more, turn...
game-hours: 148.7
review: This game is amazing, highly recommend buying it, one of the best games i've bought :D
game-hours: 61.3
review: THIS IS THE BEST
game-hours: 147.2
review: Amazing a few minor issues but not enough to say no to the game. All in all great compared to the past versions. If you loved Civilization in the past worth a buy. If you had a hard time with past Civilizations this game has fixed a lot of issues why you may have no liked it. I give it a 4.5 out of 5
game-hours: 338.9
review: this is a really funny game to play with friends
game-hours: 631.0
review: Ive been playing Civilization since the begining and i got to say that 5 is my favorite. It wasnt at first but after the GK & BNW dlc the game has really developed into a unique empire builder. So if you got money to throw down on the Original version plus the dlcs get it.
game-hours: 128.2
review: ing badass strategy game
game-hours: 84.4
review: An Amazing strategy game, would definetly recommend, 9/10
game-hours: 1049.3
review: Always kill Siam. Trust me, it's worth it.
game-hours: 94.8
review: Great.
game-hours: 294.2
review: Gandhi will  your churches and burn your women with nuclear hellfire. Prepare your . There is no escaping his fury.
game-hours: 187.8
review: hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
game-hours: 478.0
review: I can't do any work anymore because I end up playing this 10/10
game-hours: 35.6
review: amazing game. Easy to lose hours while playing it though!
game-hours: 478.9
review: its kind of amazing
game-hours: 99.1
review: UBER HIGHLY ADDICTIVE!! Dominate cultures, win the hearts and minds of many, develope the "Shiniest" cities in all the land; any sort of mood you are in will be accomodated by the vast options you are presented in this game. If your not CIVVIN, your MISSIN!
game-hours: 162.1
review: Superb. You'll find yourself starting a game at 8pm and going to bed at 9pm the next day.
game-hours: 56.0
review: World Domination 11/10
game-hours: 49.9
review: The best Civ yet.
game-hours: 96.0
review: Easily my favorite strategy game. Hours upon hours of enjoyment, great DLC, and satisfying victories make this game worth the money.
game-hours: 69.0
review: i love this game if you can buy it,buy it
game-hours: 141.8
review: Altogether an amazing game!
game-hours: 63.9
review: Great and fun game! A definate buy for the collection!
game-hours: 52.6
review: teehee
game-hours: 632.3
review: The pinnacle of turn-based strategy.
game-hours: 246.0
review: This game is ridiculously fun and addictive; say goodbye to your social life once you start a game on marathon mode. Also, especially now because of the summer sales, DEFINITELY get the complete version with all DLCs and expansion packs; it makes the game go from being great to being incredible.
game-hours: 290.3
review: My interest in the Civilization series borders on the insane. Civ 5 is the first iteration with enough differences between factions that I feel compelled to try different victory strategies and different civilizations. It's that awesome.
game-hours: 19.0
review: one of the nicest touches to the Civ series is how authetic the music is per era. Well done, as always.
game-hours: 138.5
review: This is the best game I have ever played. This is a turn-based game with cities to control and keep happy, wars to plan and attack, and wars to defend. This game has so much action that it doesn't get boring.
game-hours: 95.0
review: Spend about 4 hours taking over the world. 4 city state bros the entire game. China salty at my world domination achieved with no war. Build the UN. Buy China's last city for all my gold, why, because they make nice silk clothing. Day before UN vote, China uses new goldpile to ally with my 90 year old city state bros. I lost the UN election. One last turn? Yes. Nuke EVERYONE. Live in solitude on my radioactive globe of decay. 10/10
game-hours: 106.5
review: It is so good i would buy it again.
game-hours: 88.1
review: Great strategy game that gets you to deeply appreciate the long history of civilizations around the world, master the diplomacy among the nations, and above all, train your leadership capabilities in surviving the competition of great nations. With the exception of lengthy macro-management of resources and upgrades, the game itself is more than just a pc game, but a living encyclopedia for people to learn history and interntional politics.
game-hours: 63.6
review: One of the best games I've ever played, definitely the best strategy game. The learning curve isn't as high as games like Total War, the interface is clear and the gameplay is a crisp and refreshing take on the classic series.
game-hours: 193.8
review: The game is cool, the constant crashes are not. Tired everything from updating graphics drivers to playing in windowed mode with dx9, nothing fixes it.
game-hours: 11.2
review: Civ 5 is a turn based stratergy game which is extremly enhacned by the mass amount of DLC. 10/10 No negatives. All positives. Why you even reading this just buy it !!!
game-hours: 282.8
review: No real Greek civilization 0/10
game-hours: 384.1
review: Don't buy this game if you like to see the sun, It will suck you in and you will stay in front of the computer for 2 or 3 days before you notice.
game-hours: 165.6
review: WARNING: Only play this game if you're willing to spend countless hours on it and become a lifeless scoundrel locked in their room. Trust me it's a good game, but if you get sucked into it you're basically selling your soul to the publishers xD you just wont be able to escape!
game-hours: 48.3
review: Got stabbed in the back by my friends 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 138.1
review: Far too easy to spending hours playing this game... You may miss meals, blow past your intended bed time... and yet still a great game.
game-hours: 120.3
review: One of the best strategy games of today, Civilization V is a turn-based game where you must lead your people to victory, be it by commading multiple units from many ages and achieving world domination, researching the unknow building up techonolgies from the ancient age to the future age and unlocking the stars, increasing your influence with every other civilization by growing national culture or elect yourself to the world leader position through diplomacy. Chose one of the many great leaders like Julius Ceasar, Napoleon, Queen Elizabeth and more
game-hours: 75.0
review: One of the best strategy game I've play. The game takes a long time to play but is still fun all the way through. I will be putting a lot of hours toward this game and could easily be come one of my most played games on Steam. The fact that the game also now works on Linux makes it even better.
game-hours: 89.7
review: good gam!
game-hours: 225.6
review: Extremely addictive and easy to put multiple hours in on a single sitting. Great game with single player and even better when playing with friends. The initial loading screen is my only complaint as it is quite long.
game-hours: 1203.2
review: I've been playing the Civ series since the beginning, and was very excited for Civ V. Well over a thousand hours, reinvigorated with each of the really well done expansions. I was playing at Prince, sometimes King, until I found Mad Djinn's Let's Play videos and learned enough that now I play at Emperor and normally win, thinking about kicking up to Immortal soon. Highly recommended (both the game and the videos):
game-hours: 12.2
review: I have played this game twice, which is why I have 11 hours of gameplay. GG Sid Meier.
game-hours: 175.5
review: A bit easier to play than other Civs but still a LOT of fun. Every games gives me awesome stories to play in my head.
game-hours: 132.7
review: aaaaaaaa so good
game-hours: 195.0
review: Yes love this game. I would tell anyone that likes turn baced games this is the one to have.
game-hours: 454.8
review: -CAUTION- This game can be really addictive!!! Don't play if you have any of these condition: Girlfriend, Children, Job, Studies or any other reponsabilities. Beware of the consequence...
game-hours: 85.9
review: This game is amazing, I love it so much!
game-hours: 903.0
review: Great "Leave me alone I'm in my own world for 5 hours type game... once you hit next turn you don't realize you've been playing for the next 100 turns lol... only gripe is if you play a huge map the game will begin to freeze once you approach the modern era & thats when all the real fun starts. still.. 5 stars from the Strategy lover"
game-hours: 226.3
review: This game is a perfect blend of all different types of strategy. It is great to play with friends and ramdom people you happen to find. I would also recommend X-COM Enemy Unknown.
game-hours: 46.0
review: good
game-hours: 76.6
review: Have spare time? Nope! Not anymore...
game-hours: 107.9
review: I can confirm, this is, a game.
game-hours: 295.8
review: Very addictive
game-hours: 279.4
review: The first Civ game I've ever played and it makes me wonder what I missed out on before! It's an extremely addicting game that is relatively easy to pick up. At the same time, I'm always learning something new too. The DLCs add a lot of interesting concepts to the game and I would recommend them if you can get them at a good price. For the amount of time I've put in, this game and additional content is well worth the prices (especially since I got it during the Steam Summer Sale!). Just remember to look out the window, stand up and get back to the real world every now and then!
game-hours: 97.3
review: Civ is love, Civ is life. 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 295.3
review: Just gonna win by taking my entire army to Delhi. *whole army destroyed by nuke* just got nuked by Ghandi. 12/10
game-hours: 138.7
review: Get in Now!!
game-hours: 179.8
review: I used to love Civ 5, especially after Gods & Kings and Brave New World. However, now with games like Age of Wonders 3, and Endless Legend, I just don't find it fun any more. Also, multiplayer is impossible with the overwhelming amount of desynchronization.
game-hours: 59.2
review: One more turn is a myth.
game-hours: 252.3
review: If you like going outside and maintaining healthy relationships. This game is way too addicting for you.
game-hours: 96.2
review: this game is fricken awsome if your a big stratigest fan like i am start from the stone age and make your way up to the space age from where i see that is amazing i totaly recemend this game if your a big strategy fan boy like i am
game-hours: 161.5
review: It's amazingly amazing!
game-hours: 102.1
review: Pretty solid game all-round and a lot of replay value. Combat could be more interesting.
game-hours: 50.5
review: This game is great for people that likes stratregic games
game-hours: 557.8
review: Great game, I have over 110 hours played, great for solo or playing with friends!
game-hours: 79.5
review: WISHLIST (3) CART (1) FEATURED ITEMS GAMES SOFTWARE DEMOS RECOMMENDED NEWS LINUX All Games > Strategy Games > Sid Meier's Civilization V Community Hub Sid Meier's Civilization V
game-hours: 142.8
review: Very fun game
game-hours: 96.7
review: Much better than Civilization IV; much more thought was put into the mechanics of this game, and as a result, it really is much more fun to play. Has about the same amount of content in play as Civilization IV as well, perhaps besides the number of civilizations/leaders you can choose. It utilizes superior strategic concepts, hex-based tiles, and has a much stronger user interface. A strong contender for the best Civilization yet.
game-hours: 246.8
review: Is rly Greece
game-hours: 310.1
review: Easily one of the best PC games out there, I highly recommend this game. Even without the DLC, it is still fun to play.
game-hours: 342.5
review: awesome game,well..worth playing..didnt think i would like it but ended up playing 316 hours :)
game-hours: 684.6
review: Pretty much perfect for what its meant to do, you can tell this is a polished game, I heard it was bad at launch, but those problems are gone now. Everything from the unique units to the soundtrack says that these guys know how to make a turn based strategy. This game is one of those easy-to-learn, hard-to-master games. You can have a great time and compete with only the most basic of civ knowledge, but at the same time, even after playing for 100s of hours you could still discover new concepts that bring more depth, like swapping works of art, or managing specialists. I do recommend all the DLC, it adds so much, expensive I know but this game usually comes up every sale.
game-hours: 104.2
review: Jarvis buy this game
game-hours: 68.4
review: Attack one city, become hated by the world. kill everyone to change their minds. 8/10 great genocide simulator.
game-hours: 148.7
review: This game is really fantastic
game-hours: 159.9
review: Best Game EVER.
game-hours: 164.7
review: This game blew my  off. I now have feelings of ambivalence of whether to sue, or to congratulate the devs on achieving such a feat.
game-hours: 242.0
review: Would recommend to anyone who likes the idea of rebuilding or building an empire.
game-hours: 380.0
review: It's just, Great.
game-hours: 238.1
review: Fun and educational
game-hours: 179.8
review: sgfjkjlk
game-hours: 237.7
review: Maybe not as groundbreaking as Civilization III or maybe even IV? However, this one is much friendlier to those new to the series, and stil appeals to those longtime players. You will be wanting one...more...turn...
game-hours: 762.9
review: Best game ever. Contorl your own empire with it's army and conqueror other nations. It is by far in the Top 5 games of all time
game-hours: 251.6
review: So much fun and strategy, and dum multiplayer lobby fun! Play in random lobbys were people talk about Bananas and Crap, So yeah Get this game
game-hours: 59.0
review: Amazing game. I would recomend this game to anyone that loves turn based stategy games.
game-hours: 319.8
review: you Ghandi.
game-hours: 48.3
review: THIS GAME IS FLIPPING AMAZING. nuff said. It's awesome, it's addicting, the graphics are amazing, i've played it for 39 hours, it's really good, AWESOMEST TURN-BASED STRATEGY I'VE EVER PLAYED. GO BUY IT NOW.
game-hours: 222.5
review: International Betrayl Simulator
game-hours: 87.7
review: I dont know if its my computer or the game,but its not letting me play.
game-hours: 169.7
review: Great Game
game-hours: 341.2
review: BUILD WONDERS, GET SLAVES. MAKE EM WERK. NUKES. #GHANDILYFE
game-hours: 312.2
review: Extremely well thought out and balanced game. If you like turn based strategy, this is one of the best ones out there.
game-hours: 10.1
review: Really enjoying Civ 5, after buying it for the summer sale. It's quite different from previous games, but I still love it!
game-hours: 253.5
review: Have you ever wondered what would happen if Ghandi developed a huge stockpile of atomic weapons for India and launched a massive, unprovoked nuclear attack on the rest of the world? Wonder no more because in this game you can play as crazy, blood thirsty, atomic weapon-crazed Ghandi. For those unfamiliar with the Civilization series of games, this is a turn based strategy game. You lead a civilization from its creation and dictate the type of civilization it becomes. You can become a civilization focused on science and innovation and win a science victory by landing a man on the moon. Or you can become a military powerhouse and conquer the rest of the world. The stand alone version of Civilization 5 is a great game. But I HIGHLY recommend that you also purchase the Brave New World expansion, which added some wonderful elements that transformed it into an amazing game. TL DR: Great game. Buy it. But make it an even better game by purchasing the Brave New World Expansion.
game-hours: 333.6
review: The pros are (as always with the Civ series) the accessibility, sense of progression, and subconsciously creating a narrative with each new game. The biggest flaw in Civ 4 makes a return in Civ 5...the AI. The AI simply isn't good enough at playing the game, so the challenge has to come from the player being statistically handicapped (or playing online). At least one other 4x game enjoys a big advantage when it comes to the AI.
game-hours: 20.4
review: Great Britain wouldn't open their borders for me. I declared war and lost. 10/10
game-hours: 115.5
review: its the best.
game-hours: 26.9
review: A lot of fun and a big time sink. It needs a clock in game so I stop playing until 6am.
game-hours: 84.4
review: By far better then the last few. But I am a junky. So there you go.
game-hours: 30.6
review: One of the best games out in a long time. It takes up all of your time, so make sure you have a good 5-12 hours to play.
game-hours: 282.4
review: Base game is great alone, Gods and Kings and Brave New World really improve on it. Barbarians are always a problem. Great game
game-hours: 153.2
review: this game turns an hour into a lost weekend of coke and skittles. i love this game and hate what it does to me.
game-hours: 183.0
review: I played a few hundred hours of Civ 4 as my introduction to the series and while I remember liking it, it didn't hook me like Civ 5 is doing. Fantastic
game-hours: 962.4
review: Just get it
game-hours: 50.3
review: Way better than risk. You need friends to play risk.
game-hours: 94.9
review: My first game on steam, and by far, one of the best games I have played. When i first got this Civ V i almost cried myself to sleep. I felt as if it was slow, a waste of money and at the time i was more intereted in RTS's. After the RTS craze ended, i stumbled across this game again. After 10 minutes of playing, i thought why did i ever say no. It is pretty obvious to see that this game was well planed out, nice animations and graphics, suits playing styles (diplomatic, economic, military, science and even cross styles have advantages.) and hud is very nice too. The menus are easy to navigate and ingame. Multiplayer is its only downfall, TBS, what did i expect. enough said. This game is fun and a massive time consumer. If you have enough time on your hands, then this is deffinitly for you. 9/10
game-hours: 281.4
review: The turn-based strategy game from where all the other turn-based strategy games got their ideas from. Playing Civ since version 1 and it keeps getting better and better. Recomend it to all strategy fans.
game-hours: 225.5
review: So many hours of my life wasted in the game... Incredibly addicting, but not once could I last long enough to the end of a game. It's a lot more fun starting out than it is late game imo.
game-hours: 409.4
review: Addictive.
game-hours: 14.1
review: I will not quit really
game-hours: 292.0
review: One of the best TBS games, but for the series fans it still needs quite a lot tuning. I am really happy that the series is going in the right direction with the new content.
game-hours: 356.3
review: Probably my second favorite game on the PC. Makes you feel important.
game-hours: 147.3
review: this is sooo fun
game-hours: 88.8
review: Youll never leave your computer.
game-hours: 82.6
review: Civilization is a turn based strategy game in which you control an entire empire starting from ancient times to post-modern times. There are many expansions to the game that add things like religion, maps, tourism, more civilizations to play, and much more. Civilization does not require quick reflexes, so you can play it either fast or slow, which allows you to play it at whatever pace you want. Since the game goes from 400 B.C. to 2050 A.D., and a turn is only five years, it does take a long time to play. There are many ways to play, one could expand very quickly and produce very many units very quickly, but this normally leads to your nations economy crumbling. You could expand very slowly and have a great economy, but for more militaristic nations this is not a very desired tactic. There are many ways to win the Civilization game; you could destroy all the other countries, have the most tourism, or launch a rocket into space, and yet there are even many more ways to win. I recommend this game to people who enjoy both a real time strategy and a turn based strategy. I would rate this game a 4.5 on a scale of 5 being the best, the only reason it is not a five is how long the game takes to play.
game-hours: 403.2
review: There are few games that make you feel as 'in control' or powerful as Civilization 5 does. It certainly does a fantastic job at what it's meant to do and I would recommend this game to you if you're into strategy games and using your wits to best your opposition.
game-hours: 106.0
review: besses game EU
game-hours: 108.9
review: um
game-hours: 30.6
review: Great game. military unita are awesome!
game-hours: 105.8
review: Turn based strategy at its best.
game-hours: 217.8
review: I waited years to get this game because I didn't like the idea of a hex based combat system. That was a mistake; despite being tactically useful you'll quickly forget the shapes are even there. Don't make the same mistake as me, buy this great game. If it's on sale, even better.
game-hours: 81.9
review: Great game for turn based strategy enthusiasts.
game-hours: 769.8
review: It's good and stuff.
game-hours: 142.3
review: I spent a lot of time in this game!
game-hours: 116.6
review: *New Games 400 times*
game-hours: 25.2
review: Buy Civilization IV. Don't ask questions.
game-hours: 439.7
review: I love this game, it is my go-to when I cannot decide what to play. The pace is as quick or as slow as you need it to be. You can play an intense round of world-domination, or you can go for a leisurely cultural victory inbetween errands and household chores. I wish I could say specifically what I like about this game, but it is a combination of little things that keep me coming back. I like the music, the way the AI rulers feel real, I like how I can easily play with my friends on steam. After a rough day, Civ 5 gives me the chance to annihilate my enemies, in style.
game-hours: 38.5
review: Amazing game, would recommend to anyone wanting a fun single and multiplayer game. The skill level required is easily adjusted in the game menu, making this a game suitable for anybody and everybody. ;P
game-hours: 37.7
review: One of the best games of the god genre. It has many aspects and is a perfect continuation of the series. Get it.
game-hours: 86.2
review: buy it, Scrub
game-hours: 72.1
review: Pros: Great game, and it is lots of fun, has tons of hours of play time. Cons: A few small things that are annoying in certain situations.
game-hours: 6.2
review: awsome and addicting
game-hours: 120.1
review: This is a fun game.
game-hours: 78.0
review: A game that, in my opinion, could easily top some of the newer shooters. Would reccomend to anyone who likes strategy games and has a sense of patience
game-hours: 140.1
review: This game is awesome and I am only writing this to get entered in the contest
game-hours: 43.1
review: Well, let me just have a quick round... HOLY  WHY IS IT 4 A.M.
game-hours: 17.7
review: best game 1852
game-hours: 111.3
review: Basically just buy it
game-hours: 48.3
review: Extremely fun
game-hours: 231.9
review: I quite enjoy this game. I love how there are no boundries what so ever. I also love the DLCs' and mods you can get for thins game. If you like Stratagy/RPG, you will love this game
game-hours: 136.7
review: War isnt the only thing you need. Sure its the best means of getting what you want, sure it stomps all your enemies so you come out on top, sure you eventually rule the world with everyone in fear of your awesome mass tech empire. Aw, who am i kidding wars the ONLY thing you need.
game-hours: 124.3
review: A must own strategy game for anyone who loves turn-based games. You can play with friends or alone and you kind of get lost into it after a while.
game-hours: 549.1
review: Sunk hours and hours into this game, brilliant
game-hours: 691.7
review: Variety of expansions and civs to choose from keep this game fresh and very re-playable.
game-hours: 38.8
review: Civilization is already one of the best strategy games, but take its expanding DLC and it becomes one of the deepest games you could spend your money on.
game-hours: 132.6
review: An incredibly great game. I feel it loses some of its charm as you get to about the Industrial era as thats where real Artillery and long range bombing becomes a real thing. It still is great but the early ages i feel were the best. The map is very clean and well done but with one problem. If you have your main city as your powerhouse of industrial points then the land surrounding your city will be filled with wonders and you wont really be able to appreciate it as its so industrialized. this is a problem that starts mid Classical era but its more a minor gripe than a real problem. Army stacking is gone so armies feel a bit larger and more powerful now. Overall i felt it was a great game and was well worth its purchase price. i easily got eighty hours out of the game, I would have gotten more but i never really finished any of my campaigns due to school and RL reasons. Overall i feel the game just needs improvements to the late game and with negotiating with other civilizations. Diplomacy is flat out broken as most times whenever i tried to offer them a really good deal ex 2 copper and 2 horses for one iron they demanded almost all of my tactical resources and a city for that one iron deposit. It was rediculous, Still the game is very fun and i would recommend it strongly.
game-hours: 390.3
review: The grandest strategy title ever made. From the production values to the strategy, every aspect has been gone over til it fits and is fun. However, the AI isn't perfect, and other things can annoy you, but only after you've eagerly put in 100 hours. If you like strategy, you should own this game.
game-hours: 58.6
review: das it mane, das it
game-hours: 91.6
review: Hell of a timesuck-hell of a earth you'll create in your wake.
game-hours: 428.3
review: <3333333333333
game-hours: 86.1
review: Im playing this using my laptop with only the Intel HD 4000 so I always play with all the animations turned off. In fact, I always play ONLY using the hexagonal grid map yet I still hours and hours and hours of fun. This game is really that good and this comes from a guy who mainly prefers (Action-, J- or just normal) RPGs. The last time I played and enjoyed an RTS was AoE II, waaaay back then. If I could only mention one or two things that absorb me in is the background music, especially when we're talking about the Middle Eastern and the East & South-East Asian themes. I LOVE 'em! Not only the music though, the Tech Tree, Policy, units, buildings... There are tons of things that you have to decide, more importantly in the first 100/200 turns, and that what makes this game's replayability is unmatched. Seeing that this is the only game which I've clocked in for 80+ hours, I'd rate it 10/10
game-hours: 155.2
review: I recommend this game, sadly when I was in sweden... the pirated version is a lot quicker on fixing bugs than the company. I bought two of these games because they did not accept donations and are probably mad that sweden allows pirating.
game-hours: 411.8
review: What Fable 1 should have been.
game-hours: 99.8
review: One of the best games you'll ever play!!
game-hours: 65.8
review: This installment into the Civilization series is a nice one. The game does have some draw backs though. I have been playing Civilization ever science I found a copy of Civ. 3. A major difference in the game is the new one unit per tile (OUPT for short) rule. Basically, you can't create unit stacks. This also means you need to watch your military size, especially when playing on smaller maps. If you don't, you will probably end up with the blanket of doom. When this happens, you are forced to disband units just so others can move. Another major change to the game is how cities are captured. Instead of having to garrison a city with units to protect it, cities now have their own strength. To capture a city, this strength must be depleted. This means no more of just picking up the AI's un-garrisoned cities like in Civ. 3 and 4. Also, I have found that this game is better played on harder difficulties. I played a game on normal difficulty, and I was steam rolling the AI from the start. Basically, I would be in the industrial era, and the AI would just be finishing the ancient era. The AI also likes to city spam a lot. The AI will build cities on islands that are only one tile. This is a great defense, but the city can not be taken without a navy. Also, sometimes the AI is just plain stupid. For instance, the AI will train large amounts of just one unit. Meaning that one civilization may have an army of cannons or archers, etc. The online multiplier is not the best the either. Before you buy just the base game, consider getting the complete version with the two expansion packs (Gods and Kings and Brave New Worlds) as these are almost staples of this area of the game. On a few instances you may find an online game that does not need the expansions, but they are far and few between. Also, large online multiplier games are a nightmare. Basically any game that has more than four players will lag so much that the game actually freezes. If you are looking to play a multiplier game with a large amount of people, play by LAN (Local area connection) or by hot seat. The culture that is produced in your cities now has a larger role in the game. Something new are social polices. Basically these help you in the game. To give an example of a few- "eight units are maintenance free", "the cost of buying buildings are reduced by 33 %", "Two free techs" (of your choice) Something that is very new to the game is tile maintenance. This means the economy of your empire is much more important now. For example, roads and railroads must be maintained with gold. Roads cost one gold per turn to maintain, while railroads cost two. For example, if you have two cities that are ten tiles apart, and you build a road, that one road is going to cost you ten gold to maintain. Yes, there is a social policy that does reduce this cost, but it can't be accessed until the middle of the game. Over all, Civilization V is a nice addition to the series. But something this game did not loose is the one more turn aspect that pulls you in. Make sure you can devout at least a day to it, as you will spend more time playing than you actually think you did.
game-hours: 100.5
review: te av te
game-hours: 121.9
review: Arrgghh... this game and sleep do not combine. Hellishly addictive !
game-hours: 85.5
review: This is a must have for any kind of strategy player. Hundreds of hours of potential game play. Easily a 10/10, a gem of a game.
game-hours: 55.8
review: Absolutely in love with the game, 50 hours in, another 10-ish playing hot seat with a friend (he wanted domination victory a.k.a. slaughter everyone, I wanted scientific victory a.k.a. send a shuttle and say hi to the aliens). The game is extremely diverse even if playing against AI and the difficulty levels are well balanced. the AI can be extremely annoying though as it will get offended by the smallest decision (like buying a tile with a luxury on it 5-6 tiles away from one of their cities). Multiplayer-wise, the combat system is a bit questianble as it relies on great amounts of speed and micro-management skills that would be good in a RTS and simply don't work well in a turn-based strategy game (unless you enable turn-by-turn combat as well). Units are balanced, nations are balanced (in terms of bonuses, special units, structures, etc.). Something that bothers me is the lack of some luxuries - no coffee, no tea, only 3 sea luxuries and they are VERY rare which somewhat limits coastal city focus if the player needs happiness from local luxuries (not trade). There is also a lack of neutral enemies - I remember in Civ 4 wild animals were as big of a threat as barbarians, but they seem to have been cut in this title. Finally, love the abundance of mods and the presence of mod support, there are some maps and even complete overhauls that people playing this NEED to check out (*cough* Game of Thrones, LoTR *cough*). Overall, an outstanding continuation of the series, love it.
game-hours: 29.3
review: awesome
game-hours: 87.3
review: Amzing game, good art and graphics, immersive gameplay, well thought through multiplayer and it makes you use your tiny brains ;)
game-hours: 44.9
review: Its a great strategy based game. Pefect for fans of Fire Emblem and Chess, it offers alot more than just startegic combat. Within, it gives insight into economoy and money and the beliefs of the people. These things all influence each other and give the player more things to think about beyond war.
game-hours: 26.8
review: This nearly made me fail my exams. 10/10
game-hours: 107.9
review: meh.
game-hours: 284.7
review: Takes a few steps back compared to Civ IV, but still an excellent game. Word of advice: get the GOTY edition and avoid paying for $45 worth of DLC.
game-hours: 165.0
review: Civ V is my first foray into the Civilization series, and it was a great place to start; lots of depth, and I love that there are plenty of ways to win---this is not a game about who can build the most units the fastest (although that's one path). Economic and social forces are serious game-play elements, and to the beginners out there, consider this a warning: double-cross your allies at your own peril. I've played a ultimate-domination style game well into the 2200s, and no one ever forgets when you nuke their cities. As far as it goes, then, you'll find your style of play in the first couple of games, and probably find a couple more in the long run. Don't feel too bad if you never figure out how to win through a horseman-rush or whatever, because easy strategies are seldom the ones you want. I know I've tried to look like a military empire, and won a scientific victory thanks to that appearance. Now, as to the stuff I wish I'd known when I started: harder levels of bots don't have the same happiness restrictions as you, so expect them to develop twice as many cities as you can, in most circumstances. Is that a bad thing? Well, it certainly allows them to create units faster, but it doesn't make them smarter. Also, fighting a low-morale war is a fool's errand. Your units will be lost, and you'll find yourself out a lot of resources. Finally, don't forget that if you take over a city-state, you can never raze it---it's placed forever, even into the end-game when food-production actually becomes a problem again.
game-hours: 39.6
review: If you want to conquer the world, this is your game
game-hours: 44.3
review: This is the ultimate turn based strategy game. I love building up each civilization watching the citys grow and the farms spread. The City States is an intresting new addition which spices up the maps and can be removed if you so wish. I have been playing over LAN with my friend and I will say, even on a small map with the slightly faster settings, a game can still take HOURS! (Hours well spent!) Just dont expect a quick fix. Really good feature is the ability to save multiplayer games and resume with all players. Drens view: BUY THIS GAME!
game-hours: 133.4
review: I absolutely love the Civ games and the latest version does not disappoint!
game-hours: 185.1
review: There is no reason why this game shouldn't be in EVERYONE's Library! This is possibly the most addiciting strategy game i've ever stumbled upon! TOTALLY WORTH PAYING FOR! It's that perfect blend of military strategy and simulation game. You'll be on here for god knows how long when you should be studying for that electronics exam (that's me) BUY IT!! WITH THE DLCs!
game-hours: 408.0
review: One of the most addicting games I've ever played. Massive in scale and depth, the game immerses you and makes you want just one more turn every time. Turn-based strategy and (optional) very long games prove a challenging and very fun element, if not for everyone, due to it's turn-based nature and depth. The ability to save and quit or just walk away and come back to the game at any time is a huge plus for me too.
game-hours: 125.4
review: 10/10 would buy again
game-hours: 58.4
review: Amazing, just amazing.
game-hours: 170.1
review: Friend got me this, and got me into this, and I like this! :) This is fun.
game-hours: 210.8
review: One of the best games i've ever played! Great replayability
game-hours: 76.6
review: Don't be turned off by the fact that this is a turn based game. That was a mistake I made allot of times but now I'll never make that same mistake again. I haven't played any of the predecessors so it might or not be the best in the series but as a newcomer to Civilization this game blew my mind! Most definitely a must have!
game-hours: 85.5
review: Great fun at some points and a tad dry in others. Best at sapping away at your day without you even noticing, especially since a standard match tends to last around 15-20 (or more) hours.
game-hours: 287.8
review: best game ever
game-hours: 185.2
review: The undisputed king of a genre few like.
game-hours: 184.6
review: Don't buy this game. It will eat your soul and take over your life. 0/10.... Now if you'll excuse me it's my turn again
game-hours: 65.5
review: One... More... Turn....
game-hours: 1491.0
review: This game is all about strategy, planning, and vision. I've logged hundreds of hours and only played it to completion once, but I'm always ready to start again. Recommended for nerds.
game-hours: 289.0
review: A relaxing, immensely stimulating, and imaginative game. I recommend it more highly than anything else I own; wtih 274 hours currently on record, it is by far the game I've played the most. Managing empires with the highly varied gameplay of random maps to explore and different alliances to make ensures that, at least for me, it never gets old. Difficulty ranges widely as well. It's the kind of game that can be played anywhere and is fun to show people. Playing with friends is a blast, as you ally and compete on the global stage. If I could pick one game to play for the rest of my life, it would be Civ 5.
game-hours: 53.1
review: Very wow many buy this or you're gay
game-hours: 1.4
review: GAVNO.
game-hours: 56.5
review: Nuked Ghandi 10/10
game-hours: 3.7
review: Nice turn base game ever
game-hours: 66.7
review: Great game, I've put so many hours of fun into this. Great single player experience and even better when you do multiplayer with friends.
game-hours: 17.1
review: As always top notch!
game-hours: 190.8
review: I love it
game-hours: 278.7
review: This is my favorite turn-based game. I have been looking for alternatives, but none seem to have the same feel, or are too complicated for my simple needs. If you like a nice easy flowing game, this is it.
game-hours: 42.1
review: Holy crap. Please don't start this game during the time of finals/diplomas/exams. You will get hooked, don't even think you won't, you will, I promise on my first born settler.
game-hours: 2197.9
review: I don't think this is the best iteration of the series, but it's damn good. I love that they finally introduced hexes; I love the one unit per terrain; and I love the city states. Diplomacy in this game SUUUUUUUUCKS.
game-hours: 1281.5
review: In general, most people already know if they are a Civilization fan or not. To that extent, this is not a bad mark on the franchise by any means, and remains a fantastic take on many of the common principles that fans will have come to know and love. This being said however, people new to all of this have a wonderful opportunity to look into a unique form of gameplay that can easily wipe away an entire weekend of spare time. Do not choose this game if you dislike any of the following: Reading in a Video Game Ethical Decisions Consequences An AI that doesn't necessarily forgive for simple mistakes A sharp learning curve World History Slow Combat Non-Violent Combat Diplomacy Geography Science Culture Religion Exploration Reading
game-hours: 65.5
review: DIS IS THE BESTEST GAME EVA!!!!11!!!1 :) 212121
game-hours: 17.8
review: My advice is to just go for the full game with all of the add ons. Adds pretty nifty features to the game and makes it more complete. Although to me, I think that they purposely gave us half the game and left the rest as add ons for us to pay more money. Meh.
game-hours: 38.8
review: This is an awesome game...and I dont do strategy! I must have put in over 20 hours so far, and I'm only just scratching the surface. I'll report back when I know what the heck I'm doing, but so far love it.
game-hours: 5.3
review: 8/10 A good game. This game is not the best when it comes to civilization. It is harder to mod, and got rid of some factions. Now, they did add some (Like Persia) but those don't make up for it. The goals are the same as every other and not many things have changed. Unless if you want the multiplayer with more people do not get this at full price. Get it when it is on sale. or, if you have civilazation 4 just stay with that. I like this game, but get it on a sale.
game-hours: 64.7
review: I have been playing Civilization ever since the first game came out. The latest version has some nice features. However, I would like to see Civilization VI incorporate some of the features of Civ IV and V together. The graphics and the cultural boarders expanding one area at a time is nice. Also the hexagon layout is reminiscent of the old military strategy games. The features I would bring back would be the ability to stack units: even if the terrain would dictate how many could stack. Otherwise you may spend more time shuffling units around than actually using the units. The second thing I would bring back is the ability to install and play the game offline. I don't know what kind of kickback steam gave the Civilization designers, but I miss having a game that is free of this annoying and useless system.
game-hours: 181.4
review: Very good. Recommend to buy all the expasion packs althought
game-hours: 13.6
review: Warning! Please read! This game will suck the life out of you. The concept called "taking a break" will not work for this game. See how many hours I have on it? Those are straight hours without any breaks. All night, no rest, just food. Be warned. This game is amazing, and highly fun, and extremely addictive. You can't just play this game for a bit. You can't even just play this game for a while. You can only play it till your spirit is worn out, when your eyes are bloodshot, and when every single part of your  is cramped up. And only then, after you have met the criteria, can you take a "break". This game is my jam. But I don't dare play it again, scared that I might die from complete exhaustion. Score: 9 1/2 dead sleepless bodies out of 10 dead sleepless bodies. I like Pangaea.
game-hours: 187.0
review: Dunno if, like me, you've played many of the previous incarnations of Civilization before. They all follow the similar sorta premise. For me, each one seems to have a slightly different tilt than the last one, so, until you get used to it, it always seems slightly worse than the previous edition. I gotta say though, that this one seems to be (once, as I said, you get used to it) an even more well-rounded game, offering several different avenues for victory (although the domination type is likely all that most people aspire towards). The one downside I'd say is that it eats away at my day all too easily. You can never just sit down for a few minutes with it, and even when you plan to do that you end up looking at the time several hours later. Either way, definitely a game worth playing assuming you can invest time in it.
game-hours: 228.8
review: Best Turn-Based Strategy game I've ever played! and I recommend it.
game-hours: 103.6
review: This is a very good strategic game. It is a lot of fun, very visually appealing, has a ton of options for how to build your civilizations, and is not too difficult to get the hang of. It does have some issues though. Games take a long time. This can be mitigated somewhat by changing settings, but even so this is not a quick pick up and play game. Sometimes that is what I like but not always. In addition although there exist ways to win the game without domination over the enemy civilizations, none of those options feel very interesting or satisfying. There are some other minor things here and there I don't like or feel I could like more, but generally this is a very solid game. 7/10
game-hours: 173.2
review: such addictive
game-hours: 51.9
review: The game is so funny. If i was in that game i will be happy :)
game-hours: 3.3
review: It's a good, fun strategy game, but it can be a bit buggy, and requires and pretty good PC.
game-hours: 194.8
review: This game is fantastic! Ever since Brave New World, winning is much more difficult. There are many factors to balance in order to win, but not so many that it makes the game overly combursome. I love the wide range of civilizations you can play as and against. I highly recomend this game to anyone!
game-hours: 7.4
review: Even for turn based n00bs like me, who are used to RTS strategy, it's pretty epic. Recommend highly.
game-hours: 235.7
review: Despite being a little crashy, this game is the best Civ I've played. As George Washington, I kicked Genghis Khan's  with Sun Tzu leading my tanks. Which gave me enough time to complete my Cultural victory. :)
game-hours: 205.8
review: Civ 5 is complex with a healthy does of options however it remains balanced with very simple mechanics. Easy to pick up and play with enough depth to keep you coming back. It may seem off putting if you have played civ in the past but this is a different beast, great with freinds or alone.
game-hours: 86.0
review: very good game requires some stratigic thinking unlike some other games, has a lot of depth, will even the slightesting causing trouble with another civ, also plenty of different civs with onw strengths and weaknesses
game-hours: 52.8
review: Great frekin game. A nice blend of cultures and is really fun to play with friends.
game-hours: 19.1
review: Yeah.. cool game. After 15 hours I finally finished a game..
game-hours: 35.5
review: Verry good and an enjoyable game with a friend or two, either team up or play seperate against eachother , win by economy , religion or culture! you decide your outcome play with your favorite conqueror of the ages like, napoleon , alexander the great , ceasar , queen elizibeth and all the others.
game-hours: 26.0
review: Amazing game.
game-hours: 643.1
review: Civ V is relatively easy to get into, yet there is almost no end to what you can do in it. To be honest, I bought this game right when it came out because I somehow had it confused with Simcity. I would definitely recommend this game.
game-hours: 695.9
review: Fecking awful game, Sid Meier needs to BURN for his crimes! Possible side effects during/after playing: Insomnia, headaches, carpal tunnel, high blood pressure, switching to the dark side, inabillty to socially interact, swearing at people dead hundreds of years.
game-hours: 65.2
review: Great game! Until the b-hole barbarians show up to raze your city. But other than that a lot of fun.
game-hours: 494.3
review: love it
game-hours: 34.8
review: good game if you want to destroy nation and take over the world
game-hours: 88.6
review: Deffo.
game-hours: 75.0
review: This game has taken over one full day of my life. please send help
game-hours: 2467.6
review: One of the best games ever.
game-hours: 390.8
review: for a rainy day... and the next 3
game-hours: 1977.1
review: Jooooooooooooooooooooooinnnnnn usssssssssssssssss
game-hours: 383.1
review: This is an epic strategy game allowing to build empires, and get more technologically advanced than your opponents so that your Battleships, Jets, and Tanks can mop the floor with your enemies' musketmen, warriors and dingy little pirate ships. 100% Recommend!
game-hours: 98.3
review: Best RTS out there :D
game-hours: 294.6
review: Love the game, great for online and LAN play!
game-hours: 211.3
review: Complex, addictive, fun. Don't trust anybody, especially Gandhi
game-hours: 43.9
review: VVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY good game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 518.8
review: lol...just get it!
game-hours: 8.8
review: Create huge worlds and conquer the world without having to leave the house to start a third world war. It's a very big and fun game. Definitly worth a buy, especially when it's for sale.
game-hours: 220.5
review: This game has made my friends hate me through my conquests of their lands. My theocratic military state is all I have left. Don'tTrustGhandi/10
game-hours: 239.7
review: I like civ
game-hours: 231.7
review: 10/10 "Its ok." -IGN
game-hours: 31.4
review: AMAZING GAME! I have played it many hours on a different account, and finally got it on this one... Can't wait to play again!!!!
game-hours: 174.3
review: Very fun
game-hours: 211.3
review: unless you're a history-hating-scrublord, this game is for you (but i hated history before i played this game, now i really like it so like goodgame)
game-hours: 98.6
review: Since I bought the game I was very impressed by how good the graphics were but it does require a high spec computer in order to run with little or no lag.
game-hours: 40.4
review: Like Risk meets Settlers of Catan but on an epic scale. This game is pretty incredible, but will suck every hour out of your day! At 3:23PM I'm investing in farmland technology, next thing I know it's midnight and I'm telling myself I'll be going to sleep just after one.. more.. turn
game-hours: 78.1
review: Awesome game
game-hours: 82.4
review: Amazing game. Need all the DLC's to appreciate the complexity of this game. With all the added things it makes you feel like you are actually in control. Worth getting if you have patience and are willing to use a better part of a day! I would Give it a 8.5 out of 10.
game-hours: 57.1
review: But it! the layout is so good. Its not just stratey and other head sores. You make your own empire. Really fun with others too. If it goes on sale get it.
game-hours: 62.6
review: the greatest civ ever, period. if you have monies to spare, buy this, infinite playablillity, the best turn based strategy scince civ 4, down load 2day!GO GO GO
game-hours: 117.1
review: If an idiot like me learned how to play it in a few hours, you can learn it quickly. Easy to learn, hard to master. Make sure to set an alarm while playing because you will be so engrossed that you will forget about all of your responsibilities and you'll be going to prison for child neglect
game-hours: 84.8
review: Good casual strategy game for people who like to lead.
game-hours: 191.4
review: One of the deepest yet most accessible strategy games, Civ V is superb - I do recommend you get the gameplay-enhancing expansions to get the true experience, though.
game-hours: 104.0
review: lots of fun choosing real world countries and ruling the world
game-hours: 23.8
review: I only just got this game, honestly did not think I would like it, 6 hours past and realised I was addicted. Just look at other peoples reviews and see how long they have played it, that should pretty much sum up how good it is.
game-hours: 829.9
review: Shadow of the great earlier Civs, in particular Civ 4.
game-hours: 138.0
review: I've started from Civilization 1, then 2,3,4 and now 5. Alone Civ5 has lack of religion and more trade/politics options but still good game, with Brand New World DLC, fantastic game.
game-hours: 82.7
review: Civ 5 is a great game
game-hours: 157.8
review: CAN YOU BUILD MORE GHANDIS BEFORE WONDERS MAKES IT INTO SPACE? PROBRABLY NOT. BUT ATLEAST YOU CAN BUILD MORE WONDERS BEFORE GHANDI MAKES IT INTO SPACE.
game-hours: 80.8
review: this game is one for the books, it combines strategy ang roleplay. a must play for any gamer
game-hours: 35.8
review: 10/10, would lose more time to.
game-hours: 100.4
review: Become emperor of Japan, bomb America, initiate Pearl Harbor 2: Electric Boogaloo
game-hours: 66.3
review: Spend days having fun conquering the world, making enemies and allies. A tad bit slow at first but when you build your armies and start storming other countries, it's a blast!
game-hours: 151.6
review: One of the best strategy games I have ever played. I seriously never get tired of playing this. You should definitely get it, and then tell me so we can play together. I promise I won't kill you :3
game-hours: 18.1
review: This game will take hundreds of hours out of your life, but every minute is endlessly rewarding. Conquer the world with an iron fist, or use knowledge and dipolmacy and change the world for the better. Try this game.
game-hours: 68.7
review: Really Fun TBS game. Fan of all the Civs and this one is great! I have the Gold edition with the "Gods & Kings" pack. Gives tons of playable characters!
game-hours: 48.1
review: Very good strategy game !
game-hours: 30.0
review: This is one jewel of a game. This has to be the greatest kingdom managing sim out there, if you get the expansion packs then it is the best. I wish it had most of the expansion pack fetures at start, and that kinda feels like a money grab. But the money is worth it.
game-hours: 39.7
review: yes
game-hours: 536.9
review: Endless hours of game play... one... more... turn... :}
game-hours: 44.0
review: Is good. Yes.
game-hours: 499.9
review: Can be very time consuming if you want it to be, otherwise so much fun! :D
game-hours: 185.2
review: Civ 5 has gotten to the point where it can now be crowned as King of TBS. Be very careful with this game, I've sat in the same place playing it for hours...
game-hours: 33.3
review: Epic game!
game-hours: 188.3
review: It's a good game,a little slow when starting a game, but speeds up as you go along.
game-hours: 154.3
review: Play this game if you like lengthy and in depth strategy style game play. Although the game has various speed settings, often times the longer the setting the easier the gameplay becomes when versed with aggressive computer AI.
game-hours: 322.7
review: Love it.
game-hours: 460.2
review: Civilization isn't a game so much as it is a hobby, but if you are into turn-based strategy, Civ V is some of the best. I've been playing this series for years and I am still learning things about improving my game. ...Just don't buy this one if you like sleeping. Civilization and sleeping are not compatible.
game-hours: 94.7
review: Simply amazing.
game-hours: 182.5
review: A game that makes time flow by as if it were water. Amazing game, it definately makes you think with every game different from the last.
game-hours: 220.6
review: this game should have a surgeon general's warning on it. I mean, look at my play time ffs...
game-hours: 22.7
review: I recommend the crap out of this game. Buying this game is like giving away your soul. Great fun. 10/10
game-hours: 16.6
review: This is one of the most addicting games you can find. Fo-shizzle
game-hours: 140.4
review: I should not have bought this, not because its bad, but because its very addictive.
game-hours: 27.8
review: I haven't played the game as much some other people that have played this game. But I have to say, this game is a game with a lot of depth and attention to detail. I haven't played a game that kept me up as late as it has before. If you like sleeping at night, you might want to reconsider buying this game. However, if you want a solid turn based, diplomacy strategy game, I would definitely give this game a whirl.
game-hours: 342.5
review: This game is an epic time sink. First day I got it one more turn quickly turned into watching the dawn rise. Must get for strategy lovers.
game-hours: 394.2
review: I recommend Civilization 5 for the players who aren't able to quite play squad based games like CoH2, and want an easier path than the Total War series. It's more relaxing, simpler. I have alot of hours on the game and I do find it can be difficult, but it is also a very calming game when you are experiencing the rage of failing other games due to cheese. Multiplayer with friends is fantastic, would highly recommend to buy this and play with friends.
game-hours: 29.3
review: great game love the random maps never gets old.
game-hours: 217.0
review: good
game-hours: 20.3
review: Well worth the price, much easier to get into than the other Civ's
game-hours: 172.8
review: addictive and fun
game-hours: 3.3
review: This game is rather boring, not in my tastes at all. I'm more of an action gamer rather than turned based gamer.
game-hours: 143.4
review: Fun game, evolving styles. nearly every game is differerent 9/10
game-hours: 321.3
review: One of the only games I can't stop playing! Addicting and frustrating! One of the most strategic games you will ever play and one you will either feel accomplished or regretful by the end. A great buy 9/10.
game-hours: 198.5
review: This is an amazing strategy game that you will spend hours playing and its even better with a freind it is a game worth getting.
game-hours: 43.3
review: Extremely fun to patient and strategic players. Constantly finding myself talking to the other CPUs.
game-hours: 127.5
review: It's good.
game-hours: 22.3
review: spectacular.
game-hours: 248.2
review: ***Sid Meier's CivilizationV*** This is a turned-base game, that will not put you in a situation that you are obligated to play at all times, unless of course you are participating in the intense and amazing online gameplay modes that will keep you coming back for more forever As another person said it is a thinking man's game so it does take some brain power to play this game, if you don't like to think or organize i don't recommend this title for you. Though some reviews may insist it's easy to get into, they are wrong This is the type of game that you are either good at, or just horrible at. Highly recommended for players who like turn-based games, but if you are here looking at this game you're most likely not new to this series. Though the AI can be a little faulty at times, if you're going to buy this game, i'd recommend you purchase the full thing, because the "World Congress" feature is absolutely amazing, and can generally make you feel as if you are an actual leader and you will start to gain a moral feeling for the game and how it turns out. ***Please Note*** Without the DLC packs, the game can be really dry, placing you in a world where their is no real feeling and you find yourself just pressing the "Next" button. The DLC's offer religion, espionage, tourism, corporations, and trade routes. Just these features alone will keep you busy, and if you are like me and played when the DLC were not introduced, it makes you appritiate it alot more. ***My rating*** I give this game a 10/10 because its the best game i've ever played and i'd recommend it to anyone, well worth the hard earned money you will spend on it. The DLC packs give the game a 999/10 just because it gives the game a feeling that is unmatchable to that of the AOE franchise, something no other game could accomplish, well maybe not yet ;) God speed Lady's and Gent's
game-hours: 14.7
review: Very good game, a big improvement over the first game in my opinion.
game-hours: 194.1
review: Accidentally nuked my own capital when trying to move the nuke there. S' good.
game-hours: 453.6
review: This is the greatest Turn Based Strategy franchise of all time. Civilization 5 will suck your life away as, "let me just do one more thing," becomes a day of gaming. The unit balance of this game is extraordinary, and the random world creation keeps the map/environment fresh and new every game. There is a large number of leaders to pick from each with their own abilities and special units/buildings that can allow for different strategic options even given similar set ups or in game technology/policy under a different leader. Raging Barbarians FTW!!!
game-hours: 285.0
review: Not as good as Civ IV but still very addicting.
game-hours: 55.3
review: With the addition of the Brave New World expansion, this is easily my favourite Civilization game. The graphics are beautiful, gameplay deep, and the units and civilizations plentiful. If you're a fan of Civ you should get this now!
game-hours: 124.6
review: This is the most addictive game ever! Watch out before you buy! There's almost endless gameplay method for you to try out. You will be looking forward to play as many other civilizatio or rushing to build the wonder against your friggin' friends.. Remember, never trust anyone!
game-hours: 178.3
review: This game is simply a amazing time sink in my current life. Ive spent over 100 years creating empires and destroying others, just buy it please
game-hours: 98.1
review: Amzing strategy game
game-hours: 24.3
review: its a very good strategy game that any one can play
game-hours: 470.0
review: ten outa ten would recomend
game-hours: 6.6
review: Look at the title. Now back at my review, back at the title again. You've just bought Civ 5.
game-hours: 35.4
review: Yup!
game-hours: 60.7
review: must have
game-hours: 2.7
review: Civ 5. Pretty fun. Best strategy game yet. I love Ancient Greece, so I always am sure to build up Athens, Sparta, and many other cities using Alexander the Great!
game-hours: 157.8
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V is probably my most beloved game, and deserves all the praise it is getting. When playing the turn-based strategy game I found that i could play for hours on end, letting my civilization grow and my army conquer. I loved playing the single player of Civ V, however i found that I enjoyed the multiplayer muc more. Online multiplayer with my friends was probably the most enjoyable part of this game for me, we ran around, conquered empires and razed hell... However the multiplayer with strangers is a different story. You will find that these people either kick you, never join, attack to quickly or just leave, and even when you do find a game they are probably playing on a DLC you don't have. Overall however, it's awesome! Rating = 9.5/10 Great!
game-hours: 10.5
review: I love this game!!! Although as it goes onto the loading screen it crashes... It didnt do this before but it may be because i have windows 8 but i hope the creators can fix this...
game-hours: 98.3
review: One of the BEST stategy games I have ever played :D
game-hours: 40.5
review: Pretty cool.
game-hours: 1308.5
review: If I dedicated the amount of time I've dropped into this game towards something productive I probably could have cured both AIDS, Cancer, and Hangnails by now.
game-hours: 66.4
review: Really fun, you must buy it.
game-hours: 118.3
review: One of the best if not the best turn based strategy game around. You never get bored of it.
game-hours: 85.0
review: Awsome game
game-hours: 680.5
review: awesome game
game-hours: 153.9
review: Great game. All a CIV game should be. Great graphics, lots of civilizations to play, lots of different paths to go. If something could be better, it would be the AI and the difficult level. The AI of the normal dificult level isn't very smart, and in the next level it is too strong, not because it became smarter, but because the game gives it too much advantage. All in all, it is a great game, a should play one.
game-hours: 238.7
review: Ruined my life. 10/10.
game-hours: 1230.8
review: awesome game
game-hours: 197.7
review: Very good game. Recommened highly.
game-hours: 242.2
review: A great game, great strategy. If you desire to be the ruler of the world via conquest or diplomacy. Wish to form a more cultured world or to simply leave your enemies on Earth while you travel to a distant star. This is the game to play.
game-hours: 93.6
review: very fun
game-hours: 41.3
review: yes i recommend this game
game-hours: 413.3
review: Fun fun fun
game-hours: 219.0
review: Really addictive and deep, one of the best strategy games out there today. Recommend buying on sale with all DLC packs.
game-hours: 176.4
review: It's a really good game most people don't like it because they only play the 1st 100BC years so really they don't play but it's a really good game so I hope you comment this and buy the game :D
game-hours: 25.1
review: Best Game Ever , I usually hate strategys of any kind but this series sucks you in and doesn't let you go . Some games could be 15 hours and some could be an hour but no matter what you'll restart agin and keep going to you win . -Luke 10/10
game-hours: 131.9
review: Fun but takes a long time to play a whole game. Better to take breaks and pick it back up at a later time.
game-hours: 218.2
review: It's frighteningly deep and well-conceived, but at the same time it's easy to learn and an absolute joy to play. Color me impressed.
game-hours: 704.9
review: Spend hours doing nothing but it is one of the best games I've ever played. 10/10 would waste life on
game-hours: 114.9
review: really great game would recommend it to anyone
game-hours: 79.6
review: fun
game-hours: 120.0
review: Just... One... More... Turn!
game-hours: 335.2
review: For those who have never played Civ before the interface is streamlined and gameplay tightened and this is a great game to start with. For those that have played this will be a refreashing experience in that this is unlike any game before it. You may find it lacking in research and civics areas but it is just "different". I know different is scary but it is worth it for the new and improved, more tactical, combat where the grid is now hexes, cities must be sieged, and only 1 combat unit per tile. (no more stupid large stacks of units) Give it a shot! I highly recommend it!
game-hours: 101.0
review: OMG... >.< MY LIFE IS WASTING AWAY PLAYING THIS TOOOOOOOOOOO MUCH!!
game-hours: 320.5
review: The game overall is fantastic! But does need a good PC to actually play without lag. But overall 5/5 on gameplay and enjoyment! Can't wait for Civ 6
game-hours: 150.1
review: Super awesome game! Make sure you have plenty of time!
game-hours: 48.5
review: IT's not my normal go to game but I do find some level of fun in it. If you're looking to rule the world this is a good place to start. I think thats why I enjoy it at least. All and all not a bad game you could do worse.
game-hours: 29.7
review: It's such an addictive game!
game-hours: 29.7
review: It's such an addictive game!
game-hours: 44.3
review: Ever wanted to rule an empire? Ever wanted to burn one? Have you ever simply wanted to know what would happen if a massive ancient empire faught a small one wiht a nuke? Civ will answer all these questions and more, and although I personally believe its slightly light on the diplomatic side of rulling an empire (sadly dont expect to hiring any assassins) the biggest draw is by far the history for me. Any fan of history will love this game, and remember, a great empire, just like a great cake, is easily diminished at the edges (Benjamin Franklin)
game-hours: 154.9
review: very fun much fun for hours
game-hours: 190.9
review: This is the best game I have played in the last few years. The expansions make the game even better. It still does have some problems with the AI and combat.
game-hours: 17.7
review: Mega addicting strategy game!
game-hours: 923.7
review: I can't stop playing......HELP MEEEEEEEEEEeeeeee
game-hours: 347.0
review: Never start this game if you have somewhere to be in the next 12 hours :)
game-hours: 191.0
review: great game. very long and addicting
game-hours: 64.2
review: Got this from Sid Meier Humble Bundle. Not a big fan of world builders, but unexpectedly had an extreme amount of fun playing it. You should get it if you get the chance because you will spend massive amounts of time playing it.
game-hours: 106.1
review: Every other civ can go to hell.
game-hours: 746.2
review: This game is by far my favorite Civ as I had never played Civ 4. The game is kinda dissapointing without Brave New World as it improves the end game of Civ. I also recommend to all those who get this game to look at the community workshop because there are some mods that are a must get for Civ to improve the overall quality of the game. Look at the amount of hours I've played. I would never have played a game that much if I hated it.
game-hours: 24.1
review: great game, excellent starter RTS for anyone who has played one previously. Beware takes several hours to complete one game
game-hours: 199.8
review: DONT PLAY THIS  WITH YOUNGVAOELRD OR WHATEVERS HES GAY AND WILL PLAY AS SUCH I HATE MY LIFE THIS GAME SUCKS JOHN ALWAYS BEATS ME TOO SO DONT PLAY WITH HIM JESUS ITS TERRIBLE BUT COOL PEOPLE PLAY IT SO I OPEN IT AND LEAVE IT ON WHEN I SLEEP TO LOOK COOL OK
game-hours: 120.4
review: My recommendation lies on the caveat that you have at least the Gods and Kings expansion. While Civ 5 never quite reaches the heights that Civ 4 + Beyond the Sword achieved, it's still a title that can easily find itself draining dozens of hours from your life as you micromanage a burgeoning empire.
game-hours: 130.0
review: This Game is awesome hours and hours of great entertainment this is one of the best purchases of my life
game-hours: 143.9
review: This game is one of, if not the greatest, strategy game that I have ever played. I highly recomend this game to all strategy game enthuisiasts, if you think you can handle it.
game-hours: 82.8
review: Great Game
game-hours: 313.3
review: love this game
game-hours: 0.2
review: Played for 11 minutes. Never played again.
game-hours: 10.3
review: This game captures the tediousness of politics and the thrill and pressure of war. I would reccomend this game to anyone clever and tactful enough to succeed in it.
game-hours: 332.0
review: this game is supa awesome and i have spen tway too much time playing it... so its good :3
game-hours: 205.2
review: one of the best top down tbs ive ever played
game-hours: 226.2
review: Great strategy game, even better with friends
game-hours: 1150.9
review: So promising, but so disappointing. Acts like it was designed by someone who had heard of, but never played any of the Civ games. So there lots of rule changes (e.g. no stacking peices, no health, happiness is civ-wide - but I wouldn't say that these rules are any better than Civ 4 - just different. Probably my biggest issue is that the game is really slow - I've got a fairly fast gaming PC - fast desktop i7, heaps of RAM and a good graphics card, and the AI turns take ages. And the UI lags. And the AI does stupid things. I find myself increasing playing Civ 4 warlords instead of Civ 5 god and kings. And often playing Sid Meirs Alpha Centuri - it's better than any of them, and cheap on Good Old Games.
game-hours: 218.4
review: Best turn-based game I've played to date.
game-hours: 441.2
review: Great game, always fun to come back to.
game-hours: 332.5
review: Ghandi is a massive  head.
game-hours: 39.0
review: Not as good as Civ 4 but still great in its on right
game-hours: 35.7
review: This game is really fun, though i havent played very much. But for all those out there this game takes a really long time to play so i would suggest you make some time to play this game. I got this game about 4 days ago and ive already spent about 30 hours playing this game but all those hours were well spent creating the perfect civilizations.
game-hours: 69.3
review: Great Game.
game-hours: 130.4
review: I just got this game from the humble bundle, if you like TBS games this is the most amazing game ever. i would recommend this game 10/10 to anyone who is looking for a game that you can invest time in and feel as though there is a payback. There are a ton of strategies that you can take when going about this game and I don't think that it will get old.
game-hours: 305.4
review: 10/10 Ruined my life
game-hours: 80.3
review: Fun and Great Mental Challenge on Higher Difficulties
game-hours: 8.5
review: FEAR GANDHI.
game-hours: 82.5
review: The Civilization series is a classic, Civ V is no exception! It is incredibly addictive and because of it's myriad of ways to play it is incredibly replayable. 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 2.0
review: Wow, takes be back to playing original Civilization I and II with a good friend in middle school. Awesome depth and gameplay mechanic. My only gripe is the lack of an "undo" of any last command given to a unit.
game-hours: 430.0
review: i love Civ! definitly worth buying however multiplayer games don't get finished often because this game can suck away hours of your life and not everyone in the game wants to spend 8 consecutive hours playing. So if you find yourself with an extra 8hrs of nothing pop a squat :)
game-hours: 34.7
review: A Great game to play with friends
game-hours: 278.4
review: This is an extrememly addictive game which will take hours of your time, the single player and DLC hosts hours of play time and plenty of replayability, whilst the game does cater towards a millitary victory and the randomers in multiplayer drop out before the end of the game, it still isnt enough to stop you from buying the game 9/10
game-hours: 134.9
review: Great fun if you have a group to play with over a VOIP. Even without that, a solid Singleplayer kicks
game-hours: 141.5
review: It seems like every time I play a game of Civ V or watch someone else play a game, it comes up with its own interesting, emergent storyline. What's going to happen this time? Does Gandhi beat Queen Elizabeth in a naval battle off her coast? Does President Washington, after eras of wresting control of North America from the other natives finally go east in search of the fabled new lands known as "Europe"? Who would win if Genghis Khan were to fight Shaka of the Zulu? These are some of the amazing stories you will get to see and be a part of in this game.
game-hours: 252.4
review: WARNING: THIS GAME WILL TAKE OVER YOUR LIFE
game-hours: 66.8
review: I find only the beggining of every Civ game to be interesting, the rest is pretty much always the same and can get boring. The game really needs all the DLC to shine and mods can make it much more fun. I do recommend the game.
game-hours: 1.2
review: lol
game-hours: 95.9
review: Just- Just.. one more turn....
game-hours: 58.8
review: Hours of intense and strategic fun. If you don't have this then you don't deserve to have a steam account.
game-hours: 227.6
review: Build your nation, research technology, create wonders, evolve your cities, befriend city-states or bully them, create your own religion and spread it to other civs,destroy your enemies with catapults, cannons and tanks or erase them from the map with nukes. Become the greatest nation ever.
game-hours: 47.1
review: Hi everyone. My name is Justin. I.. have a problem: I am addicted to Civ 5. It happened about 2 months ago. My friends peer pressured me into buying, downloading and playing this game. Once I did, It felt.. amazing. It felt as if I was constantly climaxing. However, I soon realised it was taking over my life as I noticed that I had over 24 hours game time in under a week. I was slowly become more and more antisocial, I wasnt washing for days and fungi were growing on my genitals. I kept playing the game, hour after hour clicking away as I took over other civs and took a steamy sh*t on their empire. I was slowly become more deprived of food and water as I was not getting up out of my bed to go and get. Whilst I was lying in my own faeces, it occured to me that I had not been spending time with my loved ones. They had not seen me in weeks as I had locked myself in my room. This... made my nerdgasm over this game stop: I got up out of my faecal matter, had a shower and spend some time with my family. I didnt forget about the game however. I just made sure to play responsibly. tl;dr - good, addictive game
game-hours: 32.8
review: I love all the Civ series, and this is just a jewel. Great graphics, great improvements with all the DLC and patches. Worth every penny.
game-hours: 155.9
review: Love ths game...with new expansion..it is def more challenging..
game-hours: 193.5
review: best game ever
game-hours: 283.8
review: best game ever
game-hours: 32.7
review: Nice turned based strategy game. Something I can play with the kids running around and not scar them for life.
game-hours: 389.7
review: Civilization has to be the best series of strategy games ever made. The two newest versions, Civilization V and Civilization V Brave New World have brilliant graphics and textures. Civilization V will honestly give you hours upon hours of fun, I've had 200+ hours! Seriously Recommend it:)
game-hours: 754.4
review: Ok game, but there are some really bad things in it. AI is horrible both in military and economy, and its stupidity is compensated by giving it varying cheats according to difficulty level selected. Diplomacy and trade is plain broken and stupid. One unit per tile does not really work as implemented. Economy and happiness systems don't really work out too well either, as usually on maps larger than small there are lots of unsettled good lands all the way to end of game. Some leader bonuses are just poorly balanced or completely luck-based. Amount of DLC-cashing is just ridiculous, and base game feels really to be lacking big gameplay items. Shiny graphics are ok, but really slow and seem very poorly optimized, as even on high-end machine tiles load for a while. AI turns and actions tend to take a good while as well, and loading a large-map endgame on minimum machine, get a lunch before you expect to play. Good strategy game, but several pure fails and strange design choises.
game-hours: 84.6
review: nukes nukes nukes
game-hours: 93.3
review: great game, good gameplay, and yay multiplayer
game-hours: 556.2
review: Now with Gods and Kings, the game has struck a great balance with level of complexity. Why others miss the Civ 4 stacks of doom is beyond me.
game-hours: 432.9
review: To being with i thought this game was really really long and boring it took ages to actually finish with the game but then i started playing this game with friends and first then it actually got really fun! I highly recommend if you got alot of friends playing it!.
game-hours: 49.8
review: Heyho let's spend like two weeks on one multiplayer session... LET'S DO THIS YO!
game-hours: 13.6
review: Fantastic if you have lot of free time and you like tiles : ]
game-hours: 365.1
review: I like it
game-hours: 164.1
review: Great turn based strategy game, as long as you know how to play...
game-hours: 122.7
review: Recommend
game-hours: 16.3
review: my life is now gone
game-hours: 28.6
review: Just one more turn...Just one more turn...Just one more turn...Just one more turn...Just one more turn...Just one more turn...Just one more turn...Just one more turn...Just one more turn...Just one more turn...Just one more turn...Just one more turn...Just one more turn...Just one more turn...Just one more turn...Just one more turn...Just one more turn...Just one more turn...Sh!t its 6 am
game-hours: 50.8
review: One of the most addicting games I have ever played. Once I play I play for many hours straight.
game-hours: 106.7
review: An easy way to make your friends hate you.
game-hours: 23.9
review: This game may take a long time to complete once you start it, but I would go through with it. Great game, lots of fun and strategic options.
game-hours: 32.6
review: One of the best empire buidling strategy games I've ever played. Also has great content on the workshop. Good job Firaxis and Sid Meier.
game-hours: 20.7
review: Easily one of the best strategy games of all time.
game-hours: 408.7
review: Yeah this game is good.
game-hours: 31.7
review: Never trust Gandhi.
game-hours: 90.0
review: Unreal Game. Play for hours
game-hours: 49.4
review: This is the first Civilization I played. Previously, I thought it was just a boring turn based game. Boy I was wrong. It's like playing chess on a hexagonal map with lots of different units. In this game you can really win (or lose) because of your strategy. The first turns are quick, but as you approach the end of the game you have to consider lots of things, be careful and think ahead. Excellent game. I don't have many DLCs and I'm ok without them. They may add some interesting variations, but you can totally play it without them!
game-hours: 65.7
review: I first played Civ 3 and this one enhanced the gameplay. To win was the same but tech was more.
game-hours: 367.1
review: I could bathe in this game
game-hours: 400.2
review: Just one more turn?!
game-hours: 29.2
review: it may be a bit difficult t get into, but once you've played it for a few hours, you cant stop.
game-hours: 43.4
review: Become America and take over the world!
game-hours: 1.8
review: One of the best turn-based strategy games around Sid Meiers's Civilization is still going strong since 1990
game-hours: 1.8
review: One of the best turn-based strategy games around Sid Meiers's Civilization is still going strong since 1990
game-hours: 1.8
review: One of the best turn-based strategy games around Sid Meiers's Civilization is still going strong since 1990
game-hours: 1.8
review: One of the best turn-based strategy games around Sid Meiers's Civilization is still going strong since 1990
game-hours: 632.4
review: My life < Civilization 5. RIP my life. It has literally been murdered by Sid Meier.
game-hours: 43.2
review: awesome game if you are into turn based strategy.
game-hours: 70.1
review: BEST STRATEGY GAME EVAR
game-hours: 76.4
review: Very fun game with DLC. The randomization helps make every round different.
game-hours: 174.7
review: Simply in my humble opinion which is based on my long story of my life playing strategy turn based games since I am 5 years old boy, now I am grow up man and I still love play turn based games and my opinion reflects just the Civ 5 isn't based on my previous experience with other civ games, so this opinion is just about this game and not about any other, I hope when someone read my fabulous opinion will certain be inclined to buy this game but remember my honest opinion is based on my 280 hours of Civ5 experience so I believe its and expert opinion, this game is cool.
game-hours: 284.9
review: Eater of souls.
game-hours: 111.4
review: Fun timeconsumer.
game-hours: 812.3
review: When Civ 5 first came out it was crap. When Gods and Kings came out, it became playable. When Brave New World came out, they got it right. (Especially the multiplayer which was so lacking earlier.) I would highly recommend buying all three pieces together or ignoring the game entirely.
game-hours: 405.9
review: I have no life thanks to this.
game-hours: 326.4
review: Ruined my life. 10/10.
game-hours: 569.6
review: in a game where Ghandi can conquer the Aztecs with giant death robots, anything is possible.
game-hours: 416.6
review: One....... More..... Turn........
game-hours: 180.4
review: An absolute must have for those new to the Turn-Based Strategy genre. A game that is easy to pick up, but hard to master, Civilization V's new Hexagonal tile system allows for greater strategic depth in the field of combat. There are a plethora of civilizations to play as, from the ancient Mayans to the modern Americas, and a wide range in between. There's one to fit anyone's play style and preference. By the way, if you want every civilization you will need the following DLC: Gods and Kings Brave New World Babylon Civ & Scenerio Packs: -Polynesia -Denmark -Korea Have fun and good luck!
game-hours: 139.8
review: another creat tittle in the CIV series. Fans of strategy need to get this game. Plus all the User created Mods really add more replay value. I mean who wouldnt want to be their favorite character from Mass Effect? a must by for the thinkers
game-hours: 333.2
review: The next iteration of the classic strategy game scores big again. :)
game-hours: 202.7
review: Great fun if you don't mind the drastic departure from the previous games in this series. AI players can be a bit wonky at times.
game-hours: 46.3
review: I lost 14 hours to this game in one day Alexander the Great/Osama Bin Laden
game-hours: 96.4
review: one of the best strategy games i played
game-hours: 78.4
review: A great strategy game that you find yourself playing for hours on end.
game-hours: 637.5
review: Do jaja!
game-hours: 7.0
review: If you like board games, then you might like this...
game-hours: 254.3
review: ic
game-hours: 19.2
review: roligt spel
game-hours: 26.0
review: A very fun and time consuming game
game-hours: 116.2
review: The best Civ game if you have the two major expansion packs. Its best if you buy a deal that includes everything. Great user interface, and much easier to play than the previous titles. It is comfortable to play the game with the mouse alone, so you can lean back and don't have to stay in reach of the keyboard. Some bugs, and an AI that is lying to you, which sounds cool but really is annoying as decisions of the other civilizations seem random at times. There are good mods, although it appears some of the Civ 4 mods are not yet reached in quality/impact on the game.
game-hours: 86.3
review: Great game but it is such a shame that the gold dlc pack was removed from the store. Now I am stuck with the basic version unless I want to drop another $100.
game-hours: 183.0
review: Super involved and very deep. Can be daunting to get into, but once in, the largest time suck you will ever encounter. 9/10
game-hours: 15.3
review: "One more turn"
game-hours: 38.4
review: I bought this game then two weeks later its 50% off. =(
game-hours: 56.7
review: Civilization V has been out for a long time (but is still regularly updated and has lots of DLC and expansions). Civ V is a fantastic game where you pick a country, expand, build new cities, and dominate the world to raise your empire to glory. I highly recommend this game to ANYONE who even SLIGHTLY enjoys strategy games. When I first watched Civilization V being played on YouTube, I assumed it would be extremely boring to play and you would really have to just sit there half of the time. When I started playing it, I found out that it IS a strategy game that requires patience, but once you get a few turns into the game, you're addicted; at least I am. Even though your empire grows slowly, there's much to do every turn in this amazing strategy game. It is a pretty good game singleplayer, but once you go multiplayer, it's the best thing you've ever done. There are elements involved for everyone; fighting, war strategy and strategy to grow your empire, and diplomacy. I've noticed that most people who haven't played this game dismiss it as a boring strategy game, as I did at first. It's not. Civilization V is one of the best games out there. I've noticed that some reviews complain that multiplayer doesn't work. This is completely untrue, at least for me; if I'm the only one not having problems, I guess I'm pretty lucky. If I'm not the only one, the multiplayer works JUST FINE.
game-hours: 2715.5
review: ITs sometimes hard to get into but i do recomed
game-hours: 23.6
review: So great but so addictive
game-hours: 16.0
review: Great fun game!!
game-hours: 18.5
review: Game is a lot better than Civ4 but it's still not Civ3. Game lost half of it's complexity and AI is just braindead. But game is really enjoyable nonetheless.
game-hours: 396.6
review: One of my favorite games of all time! I really feel as if you are weaving an epic tale of one civilization's struggles to reach the pinnacle of human achievement.
game-hours: 58.8
review: Is this game good? Well I wouldn't say good... I would say it is AWESOME!!! Seriosly, if you like turn based strategy games this is the game for you. It has everything you would want. So come on buy it and jump in a game! It will use up all your day for a single game sesion. XD
game-hours: 63.4
review: will steal your life
game-hours: 334.0
review: I have mixed feelings baout his game. I like civ4 better but I like the hexacon map and clouds on civ5. Also the multiplayer on civ4 is wayyyy better. If youre new to civ5 and/or want to play send a request.
game-hours: 149.7
review: Such a good game
game-hours: 181.1
review: Picked this up during the holiday sales because I've never played a Civ game. I'm really glad I did. It's deep, well made, and highly addicting. The game modes are different enough to keep me very busy for a long time. My only complaint is the price of the expansions. I got Civ 5 for 9.99 and it comes with a single scenario (Rise of the Mongols) - for other expansion packs I'd have to pay 29.99 (Brave New World, Gods + Kings) each. I can't justify paying 3x for the expansions, which is too bad, since I'd really like to explore additional scenarios and especially the religion mechanic. That aside, I don't NEED the expansions, and Civ 5 was a truly great find for me. Absolutely recommend the game and hope that the expansions or gold version come down in price before too long.
game-hours: 368.0
review: nice game, you gotta put down a lot of time to be pro, end game for pro player isn't that fun :(
game-hours: 15.7
review: Amazing game. Very strategic until you get nukes. Then it's just a mad race to wipe Ghandi's  off the earth.
game-hours: 146.4
review: Second best civ game ever not much to complane
game-hours: 30.6
review: Chillig!
game-hours: 147.2
review: Wasted my social life playing this game. 5 stars
game-hours: 216.3
review: I was nuked by Ghandi and I have never laughed more in my life
game-hours: 350.0
review: REALLY great game. A must have for gamers that love strategy.
game-hours: 89.7
review: Ghandi is a sneaky
game-hours: 1523.7
review: Right up there with KOTOR and Elder Scroll series for all-time favorites. The hexes were a brilliant change, even if it was hard to get used to at first.
game-hours: 416.4
review: a must-buy for strategy fans
game-hours: 809.6
review: The title seemed inferior to Civ IV at first but with all the expansions, particularly Brave New World it's now the definitive version of Civ.
game-hours: 145.4
review: When you want a wasting time game, you need this. And be a Gandhi for destroying a friendship.
game-hours: 165.9
review: So glad I got this game Brillient
game-hours: 41.1
review: For those who played Civ2 for the whole life and now trying Civ5 - dont build the same amount of roads/mines and farmlands. Now they cost. A lot.
game-hours: 46.9
review: What can I say about Civ 5? It is the greatest strategy game ever made thus far, and I doubt that will change until Civ 6. Sid Meir is single handedly dragging the stratagy genre through a time when strategy games are about as popular G.W Bush. There is no reason to have steam and not own this game. It is the greatest concept ever conseived by a games designer. Now put down your tools workers and worship at the feet of or lord, Sid Meir. 10/10
game-hours: 108.7
review: This game is very interesting. I have only won 2-3 games so far in 80+ hours of game play. I keep coming back to the game and doing more with it. I suggest this game for everyone!!.
game-hours: 217.2
review: Just pure awe
game-hours: 26.7
review: This game is absolutly fantastic. You can lose hours just getting halfway through a single game. No matter how you want to play through a game, whether you want to attack other countries, make peace, build sceince (my personal favorite as everything is easier if you have better sceince then other people), build culture, spread a religion, build cities, etc. And all thoose and more are ways you can win a game too! The ai could be a bit better but I hear the Brave New World expansion fixes that (I want it sooooooo badly). So to sum all that up: PLAY THIS GAME
game-hours: 101.1
review: Probably the most addictive game I have ever played. You keep thinking that next turn will be your last, but NO! you just cant stop. Very fun that your "leader" can live from 2000 B.C until the future which is about 4000-5000 years. Also funny is that you can choose different religions to your city. For example- christianity in Arabia and so on. 9/10 - Cons: Slow multiplayer players Pros: Probably everything
game-hours: 71.4
review: I can easily play this game for hours. It is beautiful.
game-hours: 51.5
review: great game you would have to play it with friends before you actually judge it and it takes time to get used to it.
game-hours: 170.1
review: love this game
game-hours: 125.7
review: Good game for people who like to build their own.....*wait for it* *wait for it* *wait for it* CIVILIZATION. Who woulda knew?
game-hours: 143.6
review: I adore this game.
game-hours: 300.4
review: Lost hours of my life to this game in a matter of 2 weeks.
game-hours: 21.7
review: This game never gets old
game-hours: 146.4
review: This game is probably the best strategy game i have played in quite some time. Best advice is to not let time get the best of you cause it will slip away quickly. Civilization V requires lots of patience and to think on every early and late game move you make . I strongly recommend this if you are veteran strategist or new to the genre.
game-hours: 138.4
review: I used to make fun of people who played this game. But- I was wrong. It is pretty much the best game ever.
game-hours: 90.6
review: Specific Historical accuracy aside, Civ gives you a quick look at all of human history. A very addicting game, don't be suprised when you look at the clock and realize that a couple of hours have passed.
game-hours: 77.7
review: Great game, incredible improvement from previous versions.
game-hours: 108.6
review: Get. This. Game. Now.
game-hours: 2.3
review: After wasting months of my life on Civ 4, i was knicker wettingly excited when i learned of 5. I rushed out, bought it and thats where the excitement ended. I find this game incredibly slow, my computer isn't exactly bad, it has an intel I5 4th gen, nvidia 630, 8 gig ram a ssd and still this game takes forever to expend a turn.Even on turn 1 As for better graphics..........meh! i dont really agree. the landscapes harder too read, and in alot of ways the mini map is super basic. The animations of the AI is better, Montezuma looks terrifying but that is where my praise ends. Having only 1 unit per tile is frustrating. it puts you off ever going to war and the idea of playing onine, and waiting for someone else to spend 20 mins moving units, No thanks. I Prefered civ revolutions over this, that was a dumbed down version of civ designed for console gamers with short attention spans, but at least it was quick.
game-hours: 1062.5
review: cool game
game-hours: 94.7
review: Great game overall. Takes some time to get to know how to do everything, but it is worth it. Once you have learned you will be hooked.
game-hours: 70.0
review: Civilization V is one of the best strategy games I know. You can play it over and over again, and it's fun every time. I strongly recommend this game and all of its DLC to anyone who wants a good challenge And also, if anyone has the chance, burn that traitorous  Ghandi for me.
game-hours: 138.2
review: A Great Game that Makes me come back for more, I've played over 100hrs and have all the DLCs and it never gets old, lots of fun and great replay value but don't forget steam workshop has many amazing mods too. Overall 10/10
game-hours: 284.6
review: I highly recommend this game beside's the fact that their is blatently no support for errors in this master piece of a RTS
game-hours: 94.1
review: is cash
game-hours: 659.6
review: - So you're saying that I need to accept the religion of your civilization? - Yes, Dido! From a conversation with the Babylonian missionary for 8 years before the fall of Babylon.
game-hours: 1458.6
review: I started playing Civilization with IV, I liked it enough to buy III when I saw it on sale. My computer stopped allowing IV to run and eventually I bought an Xbox just to play Civilzation Revolution. From day one that Civilization V was in development I knew I was going to buy it. For Christimas that year I got it as a gift and have been ecstatic with the improvment of gameplay and features. I got my friends who usually only solely played xbox to one after the other get this game to play together, and another friend who said he only liked RTS games to purchase this. The real reason I still play this is the DLC and updates of the features, BNW is possibly the best DLC ever released for this franchise added so much more to the game. If I had to recommend this game to a person who has never tried this genre in their life, I would tell them at first it is confusing but if they like to play with strategy then this is one of the most can't miss games to buy
game-hours: 25.5
review: takes a long time but its pretty neat. Not enough pictures of monkeys though. 3/10
game-hours: 29.8
review: there is no victory but elimination.
game-hours: 830.0
review: This game has the best replay value of any game I've ever played.
game-hours: 9.6
review: Very good and addictive game :)
game-hours: 23.2
review: civilise them civilizations
game-hours: 123.7
review: Macht extrem schtig und wenn man spielt, dann gleich mal gut 8 Stunden am Stck xD
game-hours: 33.1
review: The hours will turn to minutes in this game.
game-hours: 146.0
review: What can't I recommend? This game will eat up your hours, turning day to night. It's indepth game play and full on strategy can take you away leaving you wide eyed thinking what the hell happened to you life. Note: I am only mentioning this if you really are into strategy and mostly games similar to Civ V. The addition of ranged bombardment I think is awesome, It just allows players to fire weapons from behind the front lines, you also have fully animated leaders interacting with players from a screen-filling diplomatic scene which I guess is not too bad, kinda just adds a bit of spice to it. If you have friends, group or a party to play with then this is definitely a bonus.
game-hours: 169.0
review: Best game i've played in 10 years! Extremely addictive. Beware, You will have no LIFE after you play this!!
game-hours: 72.5
review: This is a great game that I would recommend to evryone and anyone who likes anything to do with strategy, war and utter domination. I guess that's most people. Well done Firaxis, this game truly deserves all of the recognition it has received. It is an absolute masterpiece if you don't mind losing a bit of historical accuracy and is great for casual and hardcore gamers that don't mind sitting at their PC for 10 hours straight. Hats off to Firaxis once again.
game-hours: 156.3
review: This is as close to time travel as we'll get
game-hours: 195.2
review: 0
game-hours: 61.5
review: Best game ive ever played has hooked endless and replayable
game-hours: 243.8
review: Yes
game-hours: 258.7
review: A must have for a city/nation building fanatics!
game-hours: 2.9
review: I cant say becuse my mac sucks
game-hours: 92.4
review: Very well crafted game. Amazing fun to play, especialy with friends.
game-hours: 86.2
review: A Brilliant strategy game for loooong and many nights ;-).
game-hours: 314.7
review: The best of the Civilization franchise, especially with the DLC. The move to hexes and 1 unit per hex was a great move.
game-hours: 18.8
review: If you like being part of a country that is inadequate in becoming a world superpower, I would recommend this. If you feel adequate and are able to win this game in online multiplayer, then you sir, are a .
game-hours: 170.7
review: Excellent game with almost unlimited replayability.
game-hours: 47.2
review: This game is slowly ruining my life. 10/10
game-hours: 1027.8
review: As a gamer who played the original Civilization in the early 90s, it has been interesting to see this franchise evolve. After Civ II and III which were not that good, IV came out with a smash reinventing the turn-based strategy game genre. Now we are at Civ V, and I cannot recommend this game enough. Currently pushing 1.000 hours, and the expansions just makes the game better and better. If you do not already own it, buy it, play it and love it!
game-hours: 138.9
review: Very good.
game-hours: 160.4
review: I don't know if you know this but I'm giving this game a good review show you should feel good.
game-hours: 42.9
review: Just a fantastic game. Really is fun to play, even more so with firiends. It is a game that even though you know does not change, EVEN if you leave it a month, you HAVE to have just one more move on. Cannot leave my people in peril, I love them too much. So addictive that I suggest you set an alarm on your phone as this will eat away the hours.
game-hours: 67.5
review: This game is another mind-blowing game among the franchise.
game-hours: 92.2
review: Will write review after one more turn.
game-hours: 217.9
review: amazing
game-hours: 44.7
review: just... one... more... turn...
game-hours: 65.7
review: I tried freeciv when I started using linux years ago and it mad me hate turn based strategy games but this game is just epic. and it also works fine in wine
game-hours: 134.1
review: Boss Game! A must have especially with both dlcs! If you guys get it tell me i wanna show you my true stratigical power
game-hours: 728.5
review: this game is the bees nees especially love how the promote modding definite plus.
game-hours: 398.9
review: Outstanding game, it essentially goes to the begginning of human civilizations and you can deal with problems the way you want to. Some mods are cool, some break the game. DLC are great as well and they don't break the game. In all, epic game.
game-hours: 455.1
review: A must have for those who like strategy games.
game-hours: 338.2
review: One of the best games of all Time!
game-hours: 247.2
review: I have 69 hours on record. That's just the best thing in the world.
game-hours: 42.0
review: "And it was there George Washington led the Americans from 2000 BC to 3000 AD. He met many characters such as the man, Ghandi, know for his peaceful protests, yet somehow, even after keeping their borders open and friendship constant, betrayed Washington and then lost because Washington had rockets, and rockets are awesome." By the way you can't play a quick game of civilization. Ever.
game-hours: 227.4
review: Civ is a fantastic game. Turn Based Stratergy and very in depth. it looks complicated but once you get the hang of it its all fun. good and bad situtations, things can go either way. The endings fell a bit short but the expansion pack Brave new world fixed that awesome game 9.5/10
game-hours: 30.3
review: Two words " Buy it!" If you love strategy games this is the game for you. Never a single dull moment. Play how you want, and its brilliant when playing with friends Go for it, if you love strategy game
game-hours: 181.2
review: The most interesting strategy
game-hours: 448.7
review: This is a great game. While lacking some of the depth of 3 and 4, it streamlined gameplay well and put time and effort into what needed improving. Notice changes include a lack of unit stacking, great people and reworking of planes and artillery. However the game was a little funny to play for a culture victory or even scientific and if it wasn't close, it doesn't feel at all gratifying... almost cheating. This becomes especially noticable when domination has become much harder to complete due to resistance, courthouse requirements and a very limiting number of turns that doesn't scale at all with map size... (why not?) Still a great game, deserves a 90, if not a small smidgeon below. EDIT: +Gods and Kings +Brave New World Caravans - Awesome, loads of gold and let also reduce your urge to kill your nearest neighbours. Espionage - Adds even more after the world congress, including diplomats for added intrigue World Congress - Nifty way to control the world from the back seat and get your way Tourism - Makes culture victories INTENSELY GRATIFYING All in all, 96/100 would play on a desert island full of dancing robots.
game-hours: 307.7
review: Great Game 5/5
game-hours: 149.6
review: this is the most addictive games that i ever played i could barely eat and sleep even change the underwear because of this and the achievement is really tremendously huge and very challenged at the moment waiting for brave new world discount :P
game-hours: 20.6
review: GET IT NOW, UNLESS YOU LIKE HITLER (THIS MAY GIVE YOU EVIL IDEAS TO TAKE OVER THE WORLD)
game-hours: 190.8
review: One of the best strategy games available vanilla version good but map packs improve it massively.
game-hours: 1320.2
review: awesome
game-hours: 831.6
review: best game evar
game-hours: 382.3
review: Its the bees knees. heh heh. seriously its good.
game-hours: 97.6
review: This game is almost a s addictiong as drugs. Great game.
game-hours: 61.5
review: Civ V is by far one of my favorite games and anyone with hours upon hours of free time should pikc it up!
game-hours: 167.5
review: One of the best and hardest strategy games I've ever played, but the one downside to this amazing game is that it gets very redundant.
game-hours: 167.3
review: Civ V, why the V? What does it stand for? Vengenace? Victory? Vicks?
game-hours: 100.9
review: they should make tacos with bacon in them
game-hours: 55.5
review: This game is really great. I was new to the civ series, but it's easy to pick up and get into. Everything is straightforward, but still challenging enough that you have to plan and strategize. Even just against NPCs it's fun. In the brief time I played with a friend, we had a good bit of fun despite their poor connection.
game-hours: 86.3
review: Great game, but it has taken over my life! I just can't put it down.
game-hours: 303.7
review: Love me some Civs V
game-hours: 134.5
review: I didn't think I would like this since it was turn based, but I was wrong. Highly addictive game.
game-hours: 97.5
review: Truly the best Civ yet! Balanced no matter how you play.
game-hours: 176.8
review: Great game. Plenty of depth, strategy, history and war to keep you coming back for more. Also a good game to play with friends.
game-hours: 75.6
review: Jesus Christ I love this game 10/10
game-hours: 212.2
review: I've been playing Civ since the first game came out years ago. This latest iteration is one of the best.
game-hours: 88.8
review: Awsome game Fun if you like strategy games But if you get it I Suggest Brave new world Because it adds a lot of things that felt like the game was very bady missing.
game-hours: 373.0
review: Great game. Lots of fun. Tones of strategy. Make sure you set aside a couple of hours at a time to play this one. DLC's well worth it.
game-hours: 703.4
review: This game is an amazing game to play with your buddies or by yourelf! Highly recomended and not banned in china... yet
game-hours: 17.9
review: This game is ing terrible.
game-hours: 27.2
review: Holy time sink batman, this is one good game. Never played much of the first 4, but i really am enjoying this one.
game-hours: 186.1
review: Definitly one of the best games I've ever played! A very extensive game, you'll have a lot of fun playing it!
game-hours: 147.2
review: I LOVE this game. It's amazing with the expansion packs too. I have played so much and can't wait to play more!
game-hours: 20.7
review: Civilization V is a fantastic game! I normally don't get excited or too interested in Strategy games such as this, however Civilization V captured my interest from the first time I discovered another civilization. A fantastic game and one that should not be missed.
game-hours: 26.0
review: Civilization, I'll stay right heeeeerrrreeeee
game-hours: 103.9
review: Civilization V pares down a lot of the unnecessary elements and game mechanics that have been creeping into the series, bringing it down to a very polished set of basic mechanics.
game-hours: 289.7
review: Fantastic, watch the hours of your life wash away before your eyes as another classic Civ sucks you in. Even better with Gods & Kings.
game-hours: 847.0
review: One of the only games for which I buy expansion packs with no resentment. Civ is worth every $, and frantkly a lot more than that. Workshop is amazing for this game, and has every mod you can think of. Civ 5 improves gameplay significantly over Civ 4. While some veterans have trouble adjusting, in the long run the changes are for the better. AI players remain competitive to the end, unlike old Civs where one nation dominates to the finish. I only wish I could make the game go faster. No matter how much I overclock or upgrade my PC, a 16 player game on a huge map just starts to slow down near the end.
game-hours: 386.5
review: A good enough successor to Civ4. Some things it does really well, like hexes. Other things I miss from civ4, like it's significantly harder to field an army, and enemy cities are significantly harder to attack now. If I outnumber him 5:1, I should just win. But no, one unit per hex, so not everyone gets to attack the same turn... makes combat slower. Graphics are beautiful. No more Leonard Nemoy narrating. :(
game-hours: 244.5
review: 200+ hours of playtime can't be wrong. And there are so many ways to play this game.
game-hours: 206.3
review: Crazy fun with a few friends, and just generally a great play.
game-hours: 184.2
review: Requires a bit more careful planning, thought, diplomacy and time than other games I've played. Bit of a time sink, but damn is it satisfying to one-up England with a people they suppressed and screwed around historically.
game-hours: 58.7
review: Best version of Civ since Civ2
game-hours: 397.5
review: 136 hours in and still loving it. Can't imagine it ever being boring.
game-hours: 577.5
review: 10/10 Having bought this game in the summer sale 2012, I am a late comer to this franchise - but I was hooked with the first click. The premise of this game is easy enough, lead a nation to glory. How you do that is up to you, as you can win through a military, scientific, diplomatic or cultural path. The expansion also added religion and spies, both make the game more complex and fun. The adage, easy to learn hard to master holds true here. The combat itself is turned based and is redolent of chess, as you have to consider each unit's combat and movement range. At first sight the game can be an overload of information, but Civ manages to explain everything clearly. The graphics are rudimentary, but this is a strategy game, so they aren't that important. Though they are rich in detail, for example you can see each world wonder you build, and they are lovingly rendered. Same goes for the units. All in all a highly entertainting game that will keep you busy for month
game-hours: 1214.6
review: Long game
game-hours: 149.3
review: This is hands down the best turn-based strategy game I have ever played. As soon as I got into my first match, I knew this game was amazing. If you ever sit around and say "If only I ruled the town/country/world things would be better!" now's your chance to prove it by ruling your own town/country/world. Will you be a ruthless tyrant, or a shrewd diplomat? Will you destroy your neighbors, or peacefully coexist with them throughout the centuries? It's your choice. That's what Civ 5 is all about: you shaping your empire the way you want it.
game-hours: 353.1
review: Do you enjoy turn based strategies? Do you want to lose days (I'm not ing kidding) worth of productivity as you scream out your anger at barbarians and Ghandi? Then this game is the game for you. Everything you have probably heard about the game is true. There is a ton of gameplay and deep mechanics behind this game, and a plethora of gameplay difficulty choices to match your playstyle. I have spent countless of hours playing this game (and Civ IV as well). Definitely worth playing if you enjoy the genre! This game is not PC friendly, so be sure to have a decent gaming box in order to play it. 9.0/10.0
game-hours: 50.7
review: Civilization V is a very wel l made experience that will LITERALLY provides days of gameplay! With your friends, or running solo, the stories you create with this game are very well worth it.
game-hours: 605.3
review: If I could only play one and only one game for a year, this would be it. You will lose all your time playing this.
game-hours: 62.3
review: I bought this game because I wanted to be Hitler and it's like, "How about Otto von Bismarck, instead," and I'm like, "Piss."
game-hours: 112.9
review: Awesome Game, Although very slow at some stages. It Does take a long time to research some techs and create some units, not recommended if you just want a quick game and not wait 3 days to nuke the bloody egyptians
game-hours: 70.6
review: step one: meet ghandi step two: ghandi drops a  of a-bombs for no reason step three: you drop a bunch of f-bombs at ghandi's a-bombs step four: ing defeat. repeat steps one through 3.
game-hours: 34.5
review: Not as complex as Civ IV, but that doesn't mean it's been dumbed down to the point of being boring. The simplified interface and management allows it to be more accessible while still allowing for some interesting strategic options. The civilizations are fun to play and I found the simplified resource management allowed me more time to plan my civs out the way I wanted. The modding community is also very active and you can usually find a mod to tweak any settings you wish to fit your playstyle, all (or most) easily accessible from within the game's built in mod interface. Definately reccomend to TBS veterans and newcomers who may find the interface and mechanics a little more beginner friendly.
game-hours: 32.3
review: Love this game
game-hours: 125.5
review: Oh hey its 4am.
game-hours: 585.3
review: Good game. I've obviously spent a lot of time playing so a positive review shouldn't be surprising. An excellent addition to a classic 4X game. I would recommend getting the expansions, as they add a lot of depth to the game. Lots of replayability, especially if you mess around with various map features.
game-hours: 2231.4
review: The land goes on forever, the options are a thousand fold every chanmge an advantage everything the same certainly it's own further if you hadn't played it u should if u like civilizayion
game-hours: 727.1
review: After months of patching away bugs this game has become really good
game-hours: 237.9
review: Best. Game. Ever.  you Ghandi.
game-hours: 419.4
review: SID MEIER'S (Why is his name all over this?) Civilization V is honestly one of the most fun Turn-Based Strategy Games I have ever played. If you have any interest in ancient cultures, I would highly recommend picking the game up. Although it may feel rather simple at first, the game has a surprising amount of depth to it, and the multidue of victory conditions make almost any playstyle viable, once they have been fine-tuned. Civilization V is not fast-paced, won't get your blood racing, and likely won't satisfy the gamer looking for a 'hardcore' experience. Instead, Civilization V serves as a nice relaxing game that gives you time to think, a relaxing escape to wind down after a long day of work. Just don't start playing right before you have someplace to be, because you will get sucked in to playing "Just one more turn." Before you know it, it's 6 A.M. and you have to go back to work.
game-hours: 296.5
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V is a really nicely created turn based stratagy game. You will find your self playing the game for long 8+ hour periods as you expand your empire. I only have 200 hours on this game and I am sure I will get loads more. My only issue is that I would say the base game is somewhat lacking. It's still a good game but could use more, so if you are intrested on getting the game I would reccomend the "Gold Edition" as it comes with some new civs and G&K wich is an amazing expansion. The other expansion BNW is also a fantasic addition to the game and recomend you pick it up also.
game-hours: 258.7
review: Amazing game.
game-hours: 238.6
review: This is by far the best turn-based strategy game on Steam. I've played this for around 200 hours (at time of writing), and I haven't gotten bored of it yet. Gameplay is solid - you pick your leader, settle your capital, then produce warriors, workers, settlers, construct buildings and world wonders, and then either go to war with your enemies or seek a peaceful solution through culture or diplomacy. You could even try and win the space race. The sheer number of units is staggering, and they all have their strengths and weaknesses. It's all nice and well-balanced, and everything works really well. Building an empire is nice and simple, and you'll quickly see a massive blob of colour on your mini-map, representing the vast amount of land that belongs to you. This game is the ultimate time-killer. A standard game can easily take up an entire afternoon, and you won't even realise until you win and realise it's suddenly gotten really dark outside!
game-hours: 515.1
review: Great strategy game. Control your country to achieve victory by any means necessary. War, science, diplomacy, etc. You decide!
game-hours: 134.5
review: Best turn-based 4X Strategy game, even better with G&K and BNW
game-hours: 227.5
review: This is an updated recommendation including the Gods and Kings expansion pack. If you're wondering about the Brave New World expansion, I have yet to play it so I cannot comment on it. If you want the TL;DR: I recommend Civilization 5 to any fan of strategy games. ____The Meat and Bones____ If you like strategy games, then this is your cup of tea. There's very few exceptions to the rule. Civilization 5 is a turn based strategy game where you take the reigns of history, shape it the way you want, and develop your own civilization. In a standard game you'll start from humble and primitive beginnings and hopefully reach as far as futuristic political, militaristic, technological, or cultural dominance. In Civilization 5, you get to decide how your civilization will achieve victory. These are all the different victory conditions available: Time Victory: Achieve the highest overall score of any civilization after a certain time period (usually beyond the future era). Science Victory (Space Race): Assemble and launch a spaceship via the Apollo Program. Domination Victory (Military): Conquer every capital city. Cultural Victory (Utopia): Complete five social policy trees and the Utopia project. Diplomatic Victory (UN): Build the United Nations wonder and be unanimously voted as UN leader. You get to decide how you want to play. Do you want to barter with Russia for open borders and a chance at becoming allies in war? Do you want to trade salt, culture, and religion with Ghandi? Or do you prefer to be silent and deadly, amassing an army/technology to take the world by your own private storm? There is a lot to the game that plays into these dynamics, and each feature evolves with the passing of time. Civilization 5 is not a short game. It cannot be played in a single sitting. Game options can speed up gameplay marginally (such as removing animations, etc.). Pregame options can significantly change game speed (such as time passing more swiftly per turn, or a smaller map size, etc.). ____For Fans of the Old Games____ Civilization 5 deviates from previous Civilization formulas. Most notable changes are in warfare: hexagon tiles are interesting and unique, but the inability to stack armies on a single tile is a big and hefty change that significantly changes the way war and battles plays out. My advice is to take a look at all the changes between Civ 5 and Civ 4, look at gameplay videos, and see if you can bare with the changes. There's a love/hate relationship to be had, but ultimately the game can be fun if you give it a chance. ____Gods and Kings____ Gods and Kings adds religion and spies, while also reworking some of the game's core mechanics. Changes to the core include smarter AI, a quest mechanic for city states, and much more. Religions offer benefits to your civilization, and can be personalized, renamed, and spread in any fashion you want. Spies gather information and steal technology from other civilizations, or can be used to protect yourself from enemy espionage in your own cities. Often times an allied civilization will use their spies to relay information to you that is of critical importance (such as enemy troop movement or suspicious behaviour from enemy civilizations).
game-hours: 171.7
review: While Civ V has been the subject of much criticism from the series' long-time fans, don't let their silly words of anger distract you. The Civ formula remains intact in this latest game, and many of Civ IV's clunky elements (I never liked religion and espionage) have been removed. Additionally, wars are now much more fun and tactical to fight thanks to the one-unit-per-tile restriction despite some glaring (but still relatively minor) flaws introduced by the concept. The only things I can name as negatives are the rather stripped-down multiplayer (which I don't play anyway) and ridiculous DLC prices. Just forget about these, buy it, then set an alarm clock because you *will* lose track of time.
game-hours: 192.3
review: Oh hell, it's 4AM.
game-hours: 71.7
review: A game that fails to justify it's very existence through sheer lack of innovation; and that doesnt say when that started. One of the most overrated games of the past several years.
game-hours: 167.8
review: I heard the term 'Time Vampire' used to describe this game and its highly appropriate. I end up playing 4 to 6 continious hours of this game on most days. This is bad for my sleep because I have a normal 10 to 6 job, Its difficult to start getting into it at first with the huge amount of information presented to you when you start playing the game, but once you start understanding how the game works, you cant stop playing. I spent the most amount of money so far buying this game (gold edition+BNW) and I have no regrets. But I only recommend this game for people who have alot of time to spare, Full five stars from me :)
game-hours: 473.1
review: One of the best games i have ever played!
game-hours: 27.1
review: i like eg
game-hours: 1734.1
review: Maps arnt big enough.
game-hours: 147.3
review: Just an awesomer game
game-hours: 24.8
review: best gam, esli t' ymniy
game-hours: 711.6
review: Everyone should play this game! :D
game-hours: 202.4
review: Long-running franchise in turn-based awesomeness. Do yourself a favor and get lost in this title for days, weeks, months, or like me, years. For some reason I have two accounts, each with a copy of this one.
game-hours: 22.1
review: Good game! Never plaly this before going to bed. It's way to addictive.
game-hours: 153.8
review: Is really nice.
game-hours: 27.1
review: After Bismarck, Montezuma, Catherine, and Ramses II all decide to annihilate you in 2001 AD, you will know the meaning of pain.
game-hours: 487.9
review: OMG best game ever
game-hours: 17.5
review: Good Game
game-hours: 561.9
review: The latest in the "Civilization" series, this game takes the experience to a whole new level. Hexs replace squares, allowing cities to expand and grow even bigger then before. While features have been removed from Civilization 4, others have been added that give the game a new sense of balance, and more planning than ever is required to create a civilization to stand the test of time! A true must for the budding world leader.
game-hours: 466.6
review: Awesome game guys
game-hours: 440.3
review: It's a time-killer, for sure, but if you can spare the time, it's worth it. Multiple interlocking systems mean there's always something to do and always decisions to make, but no given ele.ment is too complicated to understand; everything is both intuitive and extensively documented. Whether you're interested in simple growth and exploration or military strategy and tactics, there's a successful strategy that matches your tastes and style. Especially with the Brave New World DLC, Civ V offers essentially endless variation in what you can do, multiple paths to victory, and numerous ways to fine-tune the feel during setup or play. I like 4X games in general, but this is the first time since Alpha Centauri that one has grabbed me, and held on, this way.
game-hours: 429.3
review: This game is an excellent addition to Sid Meier's collection of games. The original version is much simplier than the older systems and in a way easier for me to learn since this is my first Civ game. However there are much more complicated tasks and different ways to win as the game progresses. The history in this game is quite accurate and interesting for those who love history and random facts. I highly recommend this game if you are a history nut and enjoy strategy games. Also check out the expansions as well they add a lot of new features that ultimately change the gameplay and ways to win!
game-hours: 155.8
review: brilliant game, cant stop playing siince i brought it and just love being able to play it with all my mates :D
game-hours: 36.9
review: Civilization 5 is probably one of the best strategy games I have played in a long time, I really enjoy the series even Civilization Revolution for the Xbox 360. But overall I recommend this game to all 10.5/10
game-hours: 24.5
review: I just started playing this game and I can already tell you this game is magnifigent, truely a work of art.
game-hours: 89.4
review: This is one of my all time favorite games. It will keep you up 'til early next morning...
game-hours: 567.0
review: Although turn based strategy games are not everyone's cup of tea, this critically aclaimed edition to the Civilization franchise is a detailed and intracite game that once learned is extremely addicting. Although it is pricey, once a Steam sale rolls around it can be as much as 75% off. It is a must have for anyone looking for a new game to sink hundreds of hours into.
game-hours: 556.8
review: this is a great game has some what oof a learning curve but other then that itys great
game-hours: 66.2
review: Incredibly fun and makes me think
game-hours: 40.0
review: Excellent game. You end up spending a lot of time, but it's very relaxing. The expansions make it much better.
game-hours: 2005.0
review: At this point I've put 1700+ hours into the game, so it's pretty great. However it does have some annoying flaws that shine through over time such as the ignorance of the AI, starting placement of civs is bad, and the multiplayer is a complete failure IMHO as it tries to incorporate RTS elements with 4x TBS and doesn't pull it off very well. All of that aside it is a beautiful game, and I've enjoyed my time with it. Definitely grab it if you catch the full bundle on sale!
game-hours: 55.4
review: mah a mah a mah mothering a, yeah i recommend this . buy it or some crap like that, dont torrent #torrentsnot4me
game-hours: 67.9
review: An absolutely fantastic game for anyone who enjoys strategy games!
game-hours: 97.1
review: GG
game-hours: 211.1
review: i recomend this game
game-hours: 130.5
review: Great Turn Based Strategy/Management game
game-hours: 329.7
review: With all the expansions and DLC, this iteration is finally living up to the name Civilization. Although very different from earlier games in the series, it retains the depth, character, and addictiveness. My only disapointment is with the lack of completely game-changing mods that made Civ IV into such a wide platform. Overall, I'd recommend it with all expansions to any strategy gamer who hasn't already picked it up.
game-hours: 34.9
review: Started playing it a week ago. I have a total of 26 hours, and my wife is giving me worried looks, so I have to say that this game is awesome. So many strategies and things you have to take into consideration, that I feel like I'm only scratching the surface.
game-hours: 17.4
review: Fun, multiplayer is lacking though. 7.5/10
game-hours: 1029.1
review: Premium title that is fun, Civ is the standard for turn based strategy games.
game-hours: 1398.5
review: damn india
game-hours: 348.4
review: I love this game. Can spend hours on end playing it
game-hours: 491.3
review: New to Civ, and after buying Gold and Brave New World. I think this is quickly becoming one of my favorite games of all time. VERY highly recomemded. But make sure to buy the DLC. Just wiat until there's a sale and gold upgrade goes down to $5 then get that and BNW. Then, you'll be set for a lot of fun.
game-hours: 82.5
review: Great game, bananas everywhere
game-hours: 54.6
review: Great turn-based strategy game. Highly Recommended. Very easy to sink many hours into.
game-hours: 1204.0
review: I was wary of the shift away from squares to hexes, having grown up on Civ 1 and following each iteration as they emerged. I still hold that Civilization 2 is the best one to date but Civ5 adds enough to the formula that it feels fresh and new and worth the effort put into it. If anything, it has the potential to shake up the stale formula of Civilization that was dragging down Civ 3 and 4. Meant more for tactics and strategy than power gaming and massive invasions. If your past Civ games required unit-stacking, you are not going to like Civ 5. If you don't understand that last sentence, you will love Civ 5.
game-hours: 118.1
review: I like it
game-hours: 79.5
review: A really addicting turn-based strategy game on building and expanding your civilization. It offers hours and hours of fun giving you a rise of plans to conquer the world. This game willl keep you saying "just one more turn."
game-hours: 58.2
review: It's like chess with more buttons, Good timewaster, But almost too tedious as the games can be rather long or chase-worthy without a good partner and nemesie, Can get strategically heated but moments are too far in between, Still a good experience.
game-hours: 3.1
review: It's good but it needs about 5 more V's
game-hours: 217.6
review: The expansions were pricey but ultimately this is one of the most solid strategy games I've played, as well as one of the most immersive.
game-hours: 110.7
review: I never used to like strategy games all too much, specifically turn based ones. I found them too boring to keep me interested. But I suppose my taste in games has matured a bit since I would have to say this game is pretty good. Granted practically any decent game in which you rule an empire gets my approval by default, but this is genuinly a good game. I have no gripes in particular and nothing to point out that I find amazing, its just good. I wouldn't sugest you pay the $60+ for it though, wait for it to be on sale or find some other cheaper way to acquire it.
game-hours: 274.6
review: I never learned how to tune a harp, or play upon a lute, but I know how to raise a small and obscure city into glory and greatness. The great questions of the day will not be settled with means of speaches and majority descisions, but by iron and blood.
game-hours: 119.4
review: Hello new addiction.
game-hours: 536.0
review: It's Civ V. Play it.
game-hours: 178.4
review: great game
game-hours: 44.4
review: Awesome, but takes a while to play.
game-hours: 194.2
review: Great game. Is a refined experienced compared with older civs. The latest paths made it a little better, giving us back detailed statistics after the game. The hex-based map for combat was a needed upgrade that made it better. At the same time, you have new and better relatively peaceful options to pursue victory like diplomacy and culture.
game-hours: 325.1
review: I know a lot of long time Civ fans are torn between loving and hating Civ 5. Personally, I think it's the best Civ game ever made, I think it's amazing piece of art and I've enjoyed every turn. That's not to say I completely agree with every change they've made since Civ 4. For example; One of the big changes is that you can no longer stack military units on hexes. This works wonderful for small, tactical battles and definitely makes it more interesting than "piles of doom" clashing, but on a large scale it tends to be absolutely tedious to move your units to be in range to actually do something, and makes it hard to retreat because your own units are blocking the way out. So I would recommend to stick to small scale tactical battles and you'll enjoy it so much.
game-hours: 136.3
review: All you Civilization fans may have heard Civ 5 decried due to it's seemingly sharp departure from the regular Civ formula, witht he one-unit-per-tile rule and the game being focused around that particular rule. Take heart! The Gods and Kings expansion made some sweeping optimizations while adding Religion and Espionage to the game, and now it feels like a fantastic, top-of-the-line Civilization game again. While the one-unit-per-tile rule still stands, the game feels more cohesive now, instead of feeling like it's fighting your every strategy. Civilization 5: Gods and Kings saps hours out of you as you become immersed. Definitely worth every single penny.
game-hours: 12.4
review: I bought the Gold Edition which includes Gods and Kings by default, so I won't know what the vanilla Civ V is like. However, critiques have been saying that without the expansions, Civ V is not that good. That said, I also have not purchased Brave New World, the newest expansion for the game. There's nothing much to be said about a Civ Game. It is good looking as hell, especially with the graphics turned all the way up. Also, I am not an avid Civ player; never really a fan of this kind of Grand Strategy games; but Civ V has enough humour and tounge-in-cheek moments for me to enjoy it. I played 15 hrs of Civ, which is about 2 games, and enjoyed both thoroughly. If anything, get it if it's on sale. Totally worth it.
game-hours: 70.5
review: Love Civ!!!
game-hours: 62.1
review: The previous games of the Civilization franchise are some of the better games available on PCs, and this latest iteration is no different. In concept, it's no different from the previous four games but some new additions - including a significant revamping of the combat model - and excellent graphics make Civ5 worth a look. But beware; it is as addictive as ever and every time I play I end up going for "just one more turn" into the wee hours of the morning.
game-hours: 59.0
review: This is a MUST own game!
game-hours: 1547.0
review: An excellent strategy game. Civilization V's base game will keep you entertained for hours, while the expansions (at the time of this review being Gods and Kings and Brave New World) will add even more enjoyment, with new features, such as new civilizations, buildings, and units for you to play around with. Conquer the world through diplomacy, trade, cultural, and scientific achievement, or go the traditional route and march your armies through the capitol cities of your enemies, proving once and for all who really dominates the planet. 4 out of 5 stars.
game-hours: 56.3
review: I love it!
game-hours: 26.0
review: Very fun game that I stll enjoy playing.
game-hours: 669.9
review: Hated the hex grid at first, fell in love. Only issue I had with this game is steam pricing issues, but now its cheap enough to not even hesitate to buy. BUY IT!
game-hours: 132.2
review: This game is really good
game-hours: 12.3
review: If you have played civilatation IV don't buy this! It may have better graphics, But this game is just about the same thing as civilatation IV. I suggest going to its page and buying it!
game-hours: 216.2
review: Must Play Just... Once... More... Turn...
game-hours: 77.8
review: Really good game, highly reccomend getting all the dlcs, and playing with some friends!
game-hours: 10.3
review: you will spent your all time for playing this game.
game-hours: 60.6
review: Jesus ing crack cocain in visual form.
game-hours: 34.8
review: Amazing game, you can get some really interesting things happening in it, backstabbing, trading all kinds of stuff, so if you do or even do not like strategy games, this is an amazing one to try out
game-hours: 23.5
review: 15.6 hours and I haven't even finished the first game I played. An incredibly addicting game, if you don't own it, buy it. It should be a staple of every Steam library.
game-hours: 182.9
review: If you wanted to know what it was like for Montezuma to come back from the dead and send giant death robots after you, then this is the game for you.
game-hours: 90.3
review: one of the best stratgy games i have ever played
game-hours: 133.7
review: Great game. Loads of content and loads of fun. 10/10
game-hours: 112.1
review: Don't play late at night unless sleep is unimportant. And Never Trust Ghandi
game-hours: 1815.1
review: Definitely a bit complicated at first glance, but this is a brilliant game with unlimited replayablility. Gods and Kings as well as Brave New World, completely revolutionize the gameplay further, making it one of my favorite games of all time. Definitely, recommend.
game-hours: 103.2
review: its awsome ;) ;) ;) ;); )
game-hours: 134.2
review: One more turn addiction, check. Lots of nations and emergent storylines, check. Send people to thier deaths in the name of religon, just like in real life, check. Annoying advisors, check. Unlimited replay value, check. Should purchase, check.
game-hours: 49.7
review: Just one more turn...
game-hours: 301.1
review: awesome gameplayed for hours
game-hours: 28.2
review: One of the better games I've played, great replay ability rate.
game-hours: 140.6
review: loVE iT bLuD Da BAst GaMe Eva
game-hours: 48.5
review: Great Turn-based game, spent way too kuch time playing this! Good for quick games or long marathons! :D
game-hours: 34.9
review: This is one of the most addicting games that I have played. I have found myself starting to play and then looking at the clock after what felt like minutes and seeing that I had been playing for hours. It is the perfect game for anyone who loves strategy games and it plays out almost like a digital board game. My friends and I can not get enough of this game.
game-hours: 32.8
review: Sid Meier's Civilization has always been a game where you could sit down and play for countless hours. It never gets boring, as each time can be different. Civ 5 upholds this expectation and adds to it with amazing DLCs. If you don't have it, it's worth getting without a doubt.
game-hours: 192.3
review: Buy it!
game-hours: 141.2
review: Civilization V is sort of like a time machine.. You start playing Friday night ---> You look up and it's Saturday morning.
game-hours: 79.9
review: :)
game-hours: 268.8
review: civilization 5 is awsome gamme for thos how like stretige.
game-hours: 210.0
review: Good
game-hours: 173.5
review: AMAZING game! Well put together, and the graphics are great, especially on a desktop.
game-hours: 299.5
review: This is Civ5, a game where you conquer people and nuke stuff. At least according to me. For the uninformed, it's a hexagon-grid turn-based strategy with a focus on combat, diplomacy, city management, and hurling nuclear weapons at people. No story here, folks, you make the story yourself. +Good visuals. +Stupid amount of mods. +Map editor and modding tools. +Scenarios are pretty cool. -AI is irrational in terms of diplomacy. -Multiplayer exists, but it's pretty bad. -No story except for what you make.
game-hours: 73.2
review: Find a free weekend and start playing Civ. You will NOT regret it.
game-hours: 170.5
review: One of the most awesome games I have ever played. and the DLC's are worth buying
game-hours: 2619.6
review: I've been playing this game since Microprose issued the first one Its grown to be the great game it is now I highly recommend it
game-hours: 869.4
review: I love the entire Civilization franchise; Civ 5 is no different. It's an amazing ton of fun to build your own empire. With the expansion packs of Gods and King and Brave New World (in addition to the other civs), the game becomes full - I highly recommend them as well. New to the game are city-states and a "one unit per tile" rule. This adds a great amount of strategy when thinking how to manage your military or dealing with other civilizations.
game-hours: 2581.6
review: The new Hex-board and the new units are great. The only downside in the "Kings" version are the revised defilade rules. It doesn't make any sense that ranged units can't use the observation of units outside of the defilade position to allow the ranged unit to attack. Even ancient units could have methods of communication (horns, drums or flags) to signal ranged units for direction and range! I really like the revised rules of Faith, and the terrain movement penalties. My favorite new units are the "Great War" infantry and aircraft. I also like the new cultural elements.
game-hours: 105.9
review: solid
game-hours: 1427.7
review: Gameplay: Most people want good gameplay over everything else. The Mechanics of Civilization V is pretty good with every other adaption and improvement of the later games but always having some differences. I wouldnt know these differences as I never played any of the others. But for Civ V the most important resources are: Food, Science, and Production. Screw everything else; you need those to have a working city. Food to grow citizens, Science to get research, Production to build stuff; sure you need money to keep your civilization out of debt and pay for maintenance for everything but it isnt that important as the three I just mentioned. There are multiple bonuses for you to get from your cities like Gold (money), Culture and even Happiness. Culture dictates how fast your borders grow and when you have enough stored up you can get yourself a social policy that is passive. Happiness makes you happy, full stop. If your people are happy, you have one less thing to worry about. Races: Every race has their difference (clearly). Some have buildings that cant be built by any others, some can build tile improvements, some can train units that no one else can. Most of the races are pretty balanced in their bonuses. Well, except America that seems to have short end of the stick in this game because their special units arent that great. Some races have more useful abilities earlier on; others have an advantage later on if the game goes their way like Russias double Uranium bonus. Some races are focused on winning through science or culture. The game is pretty balanced considering some rough ends! History: Let it not be mistaken that this game is very much a history game. It has scenarios that you can play so you can relive history but of course, you dont have to. The biggest history section is the Civilopedia which has history on about EVERY unit, building, race, city, and civilization and just about everything in the game that is available to you. When I am waiting for someone to finish their turn I often go into the Civilopedia and look up a certain unit or building to see what it is. Surprisingly satisfying and enjoyable to look through that section of the game as it often explains what it is, when exactly in history it came about and how they were used. Music: The music in this game is very good. I quite like a lot of the Leader themes, Incas and Songhais theme the most. Even outside the cities the music in game is pretty good; from the peaceful and neutral theme to the warmongering and aggressive music when you are at war. Special Features: Religion, Trade Routes, Voting and social policies makes this game very interesting. Want a religion to give you money over time? Happiness? Culture? Well you can so long as you have enough faith. Some civs it is easier to do that than others but it's generally worth it. Trade routes since the BNW update has made it easier to make money off other civs around you and gaining science. Having up to a maximum of 10 routes late game can give you vast amounts of wealth! You don't want your enemies to have that, so when voting comes vote to Embargo your enemy so they can't get any money from other civs via trade routes. You can even prevent them gaining happiness from luxaries. The new social policies give you more options to what you want, getting Freedom, Order and Autocracy first gives you a nice bonus. Be warned, this game can take days to complete one single game, especially when you are playing with friends. It is also very addicting in that you dont want to stop until you get a certain technology, oh wait that has a wonder that I can build. I am going to wait until that is done, oh wow! That tech has a good unit. I must research that (and so on and so on). Otherwise, enjoy!
game-hours: 481.8
review: If you like wasting hours of your life, and enjoying every moment of it.... Buy this game. Very fun long time startegy game.
game-hours: 8.9
review: Prepare to lose hours - possibly even days - of your life to this game. Although fans of the Civ III interface might struggle to find CIv V as intuitive, it's still the same scramble for power and influence we love.
game-hours: 49.1
review: Great Game!
game-hours: 111.4
review: Amazing. Played it for years. May have problems with crashing if your pc isn't very good (may seem obvious but this was more evident than with other games)
game-hours: 462.5
review: Civilization V is a drug addiction. 10/10 would get addicted to again.
game-hours: 81.9
review: Awesome game
game-hours: 132.9
review: great game! with awesome gameplays and different civilisation to choose from
game-hours: 392.6
review: YEAH THIS GAME GETS ME SO IN' HARD THAT I HAVE TO ITCH MY BALLS TO CORRECT IT'S AWESOMENESS!
game-hours: 152.4
review: Its a civ game, now with hexes. Its also kinda pretty. Why are we doing this, just get the game already.
game-hours: 143.2
review: I'm not a smart man since I play at work...
game-hours: 45.0
review: Even better  than the last  i reviewed.
game-hours: 822.6
review: Fantastic strategy game! Build your empire and play against the CPU or others online! It's a highly complex, cerebral game that will challenge you every time!
game-hours: 91.9
review: Really fun game. You will always play one more turn....
game-hours: 41.0
review: I absolutely loathe turn-based strategy games, but Civ was a ton of fun for me. If you're afraid of the slowness, there are a lot of easy ways to turn up the speed. If you're not very much into strategy games, this game allows you to enjoy the strategy experience casually by giving you achievable yet challenging tasks. Just make sure to turn the difficulty down a bit and the pacing up a bit. The tutorial and UI are very well-designed and are great for Civ beginners. I'd recommend this over Civ 4 unless you're into strategy games already...
game-hours: 293.6
review: Great fun by yourself or with friends! If you enjoy managing infrasture and war at the same time, then this is most likely a game for you
game-hours: 1102.3
review: Prepare to not leave your computer for weeks at a time. Instant Classic.
game-hours: 34.0
review: I am Ozzy Osbourne, Keen of Keens
game-hours: 238.6
review: Very fun game. It mixes the fun of building a civilization and conquering the world together. It has different things you can do like go for the science victory. There are quite a few victorys and characters making the game interesting. It generates new maps so you will have a new experience every time. I would give this game a 9 out of 10. I highly recommend you buy this game.
game-hours: 132.4
review: Great strategy game, loads of fun!
game-hours: 9.2
review: It's Civ. You just take a couple of . . . IT'S CIV. 92%
game-hours: 27.1
review: Combat is vastly better than previous incarnations. Hopefully the expansion adds more depth.
game-hours: 190.0
review: One of my favourite strategy games, sometimes it's all in your favor, other times you are getting  on. 10/10
game-hours: 37.4
review: da bess
game-hours: 674.5
review: I have spent more time on this game than probably any other game I've ever played. If you can get the Gods and Kings expansion with it, but it stands up on its own well enough to warrant a purchase.
game-hours: 169.5
review: Great game to play with others or even solo just watch out for "Just one more turn" Syndrome. That one more turn can cost you hours! Go buy it and play it!
game-hours: 811.8
review: Addicted
game-hours: 48.8
review: A very addicting game. You'll find yourself thinking just one more turn indeed... ...to the point of forgetting how much time passed. I found myself thinking this would have a very high learning curve, after hearing all the strategy needed to play a Civilization game (this is the first in the Civ series that I've played), but soon found out that it's not so bad once you get the hang of the gameplay.
game-hours: 309.6
review: Great game but it will be nice if you get a new leader with units and a bonus everytime your first one reaches its death
game-hours: 34.6
review: This game is a strategic game if you don't like don't buy it, otherwise it's a good game with a large mod base! Great fun with your friends!
game-hours: 18.0
review: awesome
game-hours: 108.2
review: Very engaging and fun. Thumbs up to the makers.
game-hours: 709.7
review: oh god please help me! I've clocked up over 600 hours and im still playing.
game-hours: 107.0
review: !!   !!
game-hours: 13.1
review: recommend :D
game-hours: 1105.6
review: Amazing turn-based-strategy game that does not require you to be a strategy-fanatic nor adept. Easy to begin play at an entry-level difficulty, yet it can be very hard to win if you turn up this difficulty. Latest DLC/expansion added amazing features and balance-fixes to the game.
game-hours: 237.8
review: A game worth playing!
game-hours: 21.5
review: Awesome game!! Great fun!! BONUS: It's a Time Machine!! Start a game and you will be transported hours into the future! 6 out of 5 Stars!!
game-hours: 97.2
review: Best Game Ever!
game-hours: 93.0
review: much settling, such commerce, much war
game-hours: 524.2
review: Sid Meier still get it, Civ 5 is awesome ! With the first addon Gods and Kings it kicked Civ4 from my favorite place of all Civilization Parts (played 1, NET, 2, 3, 4 and 5). new tactics with a few changes like the hexagon fields on the map, only one military and only one civil unit on one field. great looking graphics and still one of the best GUI i ever used in a strategie game. Top !
game-hours: 301.9
review: Best strategy game I've ever played
game-hours: 190.3
review: Dangerously compelling. I usually find strategy games anticlimactic, but this is more satisfying than most.
game-hours: 93.3
review: Best of the best!
game-hours: 780.1
review: Awesome.
game-hours: 389.2
review: AMAZING
game-hours: 181.6
review: Fantastic game you could play hours on end without getting bored
game-hours: 20.6
review: Pretty fun turn based strategy game, easily playable for 30 minutes or hours.
game-hours: 256.5
review: it is wonderful
game-hours: 130.6
review: Just... One... More... Turn...
game-hours: 207.3
review: Insanely strategic and so many ways to win, especially with the DLCs
game-hours: 61.4
review: One of my favorite games ever it is great and super addictive
game-hours: 228.0
review: by far the best strategy game to play with friends
game-hours: 458.0
review: When 7:30 in the morning rolled around and the sun told me to call in sick I realized this game is going to be good.
game-hours: 150.9
review: 9.2 / 10 SID MEIER'S CIVILIZATION V I truely love this game and really can't hate but +amazing strategy game +good combat and movement effects +nice look to it / nice graphics - the leaders never change EX: Russian leader catherine in 20th century -the friendship between different civs feels more of a job EX: they always mooch of you and you cant ask a favor back and when you dont give them charity they denouce you
game-hours: 78.3
review: Very different from Civ IV, but equally as fun. Took me a while before I knew what I was doing, but me an friends playing multiplayer is so much fun. The mods also add alot to the game that the game never did (i.e. Stalin, FDR, Hitler, MIddle Earth, etc.)
game-hours: 104.4
review: You must get it! Great TBS game
game-hours: 163.8
review: Had sooo much fun playing this game. definately worth a shot for anyone whos never tried it
game-hours: 113.6
review: Best civilization so far. Hex grid with one unit stack size makes it an entirely new game. Main weak point is that the AI unfortunately doesn't seem to be sofisticated enough to make decent use of the tactical options provided by the new system. It is a solid game both with and without expansions.
game-hours: 453.5
review: Amazing. Absolutely drains your time though
game-hours: 158.9
review: Very good game excelent replay value, I bought gold edition and it has saved me a lot of money. 9/10- To slow to start off
game-hours: 237.8
review: 10/10
game-hours: 61.9
review: my god i cant stop playing it x.x
game-hours: 101.1
review: cool game
game-hours: 32.0
review: I PLAYED THE SINGLEPLAYER THRU AS ING HITLER HOW ING COOL IS THAT YEA YOU ING TELL ME
game-hours: 239.3
review: One...more...turn
game-hours: 244.7
review: Spend 20 hours playing one game just to get nuked by Ghandi, 11/10 Must Buy
game-hours: 14.5
review: This is amazingly fun, and is a great improvement on the IV'th intallment. It's easy to understand if you've played the others and I know plenty of people that love it. 9/10
game-hours: 47.3
review: Once you start.... you won't stop playing...
game-hours: 30.6
review: Awesome Game!!!!!!
game-hours: 112.6
review: Good game
game-hours: 0.8
review: It's a good game once you get the hang on it! :D
game-hours: 753.5
review: Probably the BEST game that i have on steam right now in my opinion. If you don't have it, definatly get it, you can play the demo before buying! Also I think the DLC's are also worth it. I love this game, my opinion.
game-hours: 198.4
review: HOLY  THIS GAME IS ADDICITNG
game-hours: 1157.7
review: I first played Civilization when it came on floppy discs and needed no number, and this is the first version since that seems like more than just better graphics and some padding. The use of a hexagonal grid for movement rather than the squares of earlier versions gives exploration and combat whole new dimensions, and the addition of online resources through Steam are proving to be highly effective enhancements. So yes, if you own an earlier version, go ahead and make the move to Civilization V.
game-hours: 280.2
review: This is my favorite game I have 100+ hours played. You can not go wrong with this game the hex grid is a very good choice for this game. A thing people dont like is the one unit per tile, but peronoally I like it because it leads to more stratigic play. You at no point need to go to war but it works well. If I were to have one critisisam it would be that taking cities is very unprofitable as it reduces the cities streanth significantly. Other than that this game seems very solid and good.
game-hours: 171.7
review: You'll keep telling yourself "One more round and then I'll save and quit. Just one more round" and then it will be early morning the next day and you will still be playing. Fact.
game-hours: 40.8
review: buy dis gaem is haz hexagons in it which is maths
game-hours: 90.6
review: One of the best games i've played in a while! Good graphics, good AI and solo gameplay. The new expansion only increases the amount of replay value this game has to offer!
game-hours: 89.4
review: Beautiful, addicting and challenging at the higher difficulty levels. Highly recommended to anyone who enjoys turn based strategy games and enjoys a bit of city building. Do yourself a huge favor and pick up the Brave New World expansion. You won't regret it!
game-hours: 66.7
review: Highly addictive - will literally stay up all night playing this game
game-hours: 155.2
review: This game is very good, but I recommend purchasing a complete edition with all the expansion packs, as Civ V cuts out A LOT of material that was in Civ IV. Much of this, (such as the spread of religion, the spy unit, etc.) was released in later expansions, which was quite the rip-off. It's still an amazingly fun game however, despite this shortcoming.
game-hours: 378.7
review: awesomeeeeeeeeeeeeee
game-hours: 140.0
review: Requires the Brave New World expansion, but with that it finally surpasses Civ IV
game-hours: 287.5
review: Civ.... Its eating all my spare time.
game-hours: 101.6
review: Really fun game, fun to play with friends.
game-hours: 161.0
review: Such an amazing Game! I give it 5 out of 5, great replay value! My friend and I play this game all the time.
game-hours: 390.7
review: Been playing the Civilization series since the third installment. I was worried at first when reading articles about the game long before it released - concerned that this might ruin the franchise. When I picked up this most recent installment I was glad to see I was wrong. The changes made to the series in this game are welcome in my opinion. Recently, the Gods & Kings expansion came out that has rekindled my passion for this series. I expect great things to come out of future expansions and the newly integrated Steam Workshop.
game-hours: 213.4
review: Civ5 is a great game if you are looking for a virtualized board game. A great mix beween war, economy, culture, and technology. A solid quote that you might want to take into consideration before buying this game, "One does not simply play a quick game of Civ." If you're looking for a game to play for hours on end by yourself, or with your friends you've come to the right place. Highly recommend.
game-hours: 0.1
review: ITS AWESOME but im poor so i cant getr it
game-hours: 77.6
review: Amazing game. Very addicting if you know the tactics. My favourite civ is currently William of The Netherlands.
game-hours: 12.1
review: this game is awesom :) , its really about strategy ! but it take u so much time to finish a game ! besides dat ! everything is fine in this game
game-hours: 114.7
review: Be careful, or you'll find that all your time has magically disappeared.
game-hours: 138.6
review: Greatest stratagy game in existance, love the nukes!!!
game-hours: 111.3
review: Sid meier's Civilization V is the best game of the The 5. I have played all the series from Civ 2 and i can say that Civ V is the best Turn Based Strategy game out there.
game-hours: 435.5
review: The reason I got this game was because I watched the yogscast play this game so i decided to buy this but I dont think this game is complete without brave new world. Even though I say that I would still rate it 5 stars because I have bought all the expansions for this game and will continue to
game-hours: 50.7
review: so addicting ;_;
game-hours: 165.3
review: >So many hours. >Game is good. >Think it's a life simulator. >No gurls. >Fap to Gandhi(Dem robes) >He finds out. >Nukes me. >Gandhi is an .
game-hours: 138.0
review: it's great very good if u want to make an empire or just farm and study tech, its just great and make sure u get brave new world it's even a better game with it!
game-hours: 102.5
review: Best, most time consuming game I've played.
game-hours: 23.5
review: One session took me an entire day 11/10
game-hours: 162.1
review: The most polished version of Civilization yet. A must own for anyone's library.
game-hours: 604.3
review: I absolutely love this game. It's hard to stop playing it. If you are looking for an addictive strategy game, this is the game to buy. With so many different types of scenarios and mods you can incorporate, there's literally no end to this game. Strategy games were never my cup of tea until this game came along. It's hard to point out anything that is being done wrong in this game and the expansions make this game even better.
game-hours: 87.6
review: All I can say is - simply fantastic. I played its predecessor, Revolution, and while that was rather fun, I would say that Civ5 is an upgrade between two slices of bread and smothered in jam. A huge repetoire of units and buildings combined with a highly intelligent combat system enables fluid, fast-paced war directed your way, and detailed diplomacy enables you to create a Cold War-scenario with your enemies. Hell, with nuclear weapons in place, you could simply engulf anyone who spills your tea in an atomic cluster if you wanted to. Overall, I'm going to slap a 10/10 label onto this. Buy it. Nao.
game-hours: 282.7
review: Do you know that feeling when you lead your civilization and become the greatest in the world? It's awesome.
game-hours: 163.6
review: Honestly my all time favorite game. I can't stop playing it.
game-hours: 140.4
review: Amazing. Everything! Say goodbye to your life. Say hello to your new one, in Sid Meier's Civilization V!
game-hours: 892.2
review: If you love turn based strategy this is a must own game. THe only issue is the game software does not efficiently use the hardware of your system so you need some powerful hardware to play this game on top settings on the largest maps, especially during the late game the lag can become nearly unbearable.
game-hours: 211.5
review: Most complete and compelling game in the series, the add-ons and patches fixed just about anything I had to complian about over the years
game-hours: 120.4
review: Best strategy game ever.
game-hours: 48.2
review: Amazing.
game-hours: 150.6
review: Many, many, many fun hours in this game. So many different ways to play. If you want to buy this game, get the Gold Edition, you will have most of the DLC and will have saved over $50 if you bought all the DLC seperate.
game-hours: 276.3
review: yeah mad game cuntz
game-hours: 198.5
review: Excellent Game! Totally worth the money, intricate while simple 10/10
game-hours: 32.8
review: Very few games stand the test of time as well as Civ. I played Civ IV for years, and now I'm back into Civ V. It's a fun game that really allows for multiple playthroughs on just about any setting. With Steam's workshop available for this game, it's unbelievably fun!
game-hours: 114.6
review: Only had this game for a week and i already have 42 hours on it, My second game was a 18 hours straight game so in other words say goodbye to you social life once you start a game :)
game-hours: 236.9
review: It's great game. I played all the versions since back in college on a 286 with floppy disks. You want to lose famly and friends play this game for a few hours. Games never end on the nex turn until its midnight. LOL
game-hours: 322.7
review: All Civ's have been fun to play, but this one steps it up. There is always so much to do and manage when playing this game. Micro your individual cities while having to macro your entire civilization is a fun challenge. With so many different ways to win other then build a lot of military and attack, many types of people would be attracted to try this game. Multiplayer with friends is also a great way to lose an afternoon.
game-hours: 288.4
review: gd game
game-hours: 349.4
review: This is a very fun game with numerous mechanics, which increase with the DLCs, however, the main 2 DLCs (Brave New Worlds, Gods And Kings) are fairly costly as they are the same price as the base game saying this Gods And Kings is "only" 10 when you buy or upgrade to the gold edition. The 2 main DLCs make the game very much more enjoyable and the smaller DLCs expand very much on the verity of the game. I would recommend the game to be played on single and multiplayer, also I would recommend buying the Gold Edition and Brave New World when they are on sale which they often are in seasonal sales.
game-hours: 14.8
review: this game is amazing love everything about it
game-hours: 78.8
review: .
game-hours: 437.5
review: Why are you not playing this? Stop reading and go play. The 2 expansions are a must, don't even think of not geting them.
game-hours: 178.9
review: While many of the DLCs should have been included from the start, or given away for free, the overall experience is awing. The game draws you in and steals hours & days of your life. And while the game itself is worth the play, it is the modding community that really offers the replayability. Some mods (such as Faerun) completely transform the game, while others add new content (civilizations, maps, scenarios, tools) within the confines of the current layout. Having sunk so many hours into the game, I still find myself going back for more.
game-hours: 234.7
review: Excellent global strategy game. Isn't as clumy as Civ IV and with the best combat system of all Civs.
game-hours: 602.3
review: One of the most amazing PC gaming of this generation that is base in around the board srategy game. Two expansion release came out, the God and King which i have gotten before then the second expansion release of the Brave New Worldhave an incredible playthrough of new civ and new thing to look at, the rating i would have given with the regular civ is 8/10 but the first first expansion given 9/10 and the last expansion is given of a full 10/10.
game-hours: 73.2
review: There goes my social life, whoops.
game-hours: 60.4
review: Civ V is one of the best games I've played in awhile. I would definitely reccomend it.
game-hours: 100.8
review: great game. kinda confusing at first.
game-hours: 137.1
review: a classic.. hard to left the game to go to wc..
game-hours: 82.9
review: Fun, Strategic, Addictive
game-hours: 40.0
review: Great strategy game.
game-hours: 120.5
review: Get this game, just do yourself the favor. Get all of the DLC, I dare you.
game-hours: 842.5
review: "Just one more turn...wait it's WHAT TIME IN THE MORNING?!" Fantastic game with fantastic mod support thanks to the Steam workshop. Vanilla game is great too
game-hours: 202.2
review: Very deep and involved turn based strategy game where you take a nation from nothing to top of the world. Is extremly fun and can end up sinking quite a few hours if you arent careful.
game-hours: 74.5
review: Awesome game. It took me a little effort to learn to handle the city menu, but the game is pretty addicting
game-hours: 33.3
review: I have endless amounts of fun playing this game, solo and with friends. A total must buy for any turn based strategy enthusiast
game-hours: 81.8
review: I wouldn't want to live in a world without Civ.
game-hours: 26.3
review: nice
game-hours: 125.8
review: This has to be the most well balanced Civilization yet, I have been playing since Civ 3, it's still a personal favorite of mine maybe because it's from my childhood but regardless, this civilization is balanced it is much harder to conquer a city than in previous incarnations which is the way it should be! I also like the fact that cities don't instantly take to your Empire. The amount of choices and ways to focus on winning the game are absolutely marvoulous.
game-hours: 407.2
review: It's a great strategy game that is very easy to get into.
game-hours: 118.7
review: If you like turn based strategy games, this is it!
game-hours: 156.8
review: great strategy game!
game-hours: 292.5
review: The game may take a long time to play, but once you start to grow your civilization into the later years, it becomes more and more fun. Even though after you beat it once its hard to play again for a while, it is still a fun game and does bring you back in. The multiplayer however is pretty buggy, but when it works, it is also lots of fun.
game-hours: 96.9
review: This game is amazing on single player and i am new in to this series and i think that this game is right up there with one of my all time favorite games as it has so much depth and mutiple ways to win which for me is a must for RPG's and games like this as then me personal i can not replay the game as i already know what is going to happan (GTA V) however i feel that the mutiplayer is to be avioded in a sense as sure it's fun with friends but there are so many bugs in this game on mutiplayer it's almost broken game. plus if you play with a randomer expect 10 hours to go in one day for at least a medium map i mean surly there was a better way to implement this? otherwise the single player is fantastic i have all the DLC but 3 mini pack's (the contients i think) single player: 8/10 awesome mutiplayer: 5/10 medicore sound design: 6/10 mehh gameplay: 9/10 fantastic how bad do the bugs effect the mutiplayer 6/10 a bit factions (with DLC): 8/10 awesome factions (non DLC): 6/10 (not enough varity i felt) meh overall: 7.5/10 could be/could of been GOTY
game-hours: 32.1
review: Best turn based game ever and the only good one too.
game-hours: 42.9
review: One of the most time consuming games I have ever played. Spent hours playing through the tutorial.
game-hours: 153.1
review: I liked the game. though you have to like a game that takes time to play. :)
game-hours: 376.9
review: Remember what happens in a civ game stays in a civ game
game-hours: 130.8
review: I've been playing Civilization since Civ3, and I am not disapointed at all with this game. Great graphics, incredible tech tree, and the DLCs are some of the greatest add-ons yet. With great modding allowed even, it just gets better. If you love Turn Based Strats, you wont go wrong here. Get it now, rule the world later
game-hours: 42.7
review: I found this game to be super fun and rewarding. I can't wait to try out the multi-player. My only complaint with the game is with them using Bismark instead of Hitler, who is a lot more well known, and lets face it, was a more successful leader.
game-hours: 219.4
review: I'd chop off my leg to play this game again
game-hours: 53.9
review: You will not realize you put a week into this in one sitting until you die of thirst. Yeah, it's that addicting and absorbing.
game-hours: 60.4
review: great game so differnt empires so many differnt so many ways to play your game could turn around with deal that was not thought through
game-hours: 5.6
review: Do you enjoy rubbing elbows with snooty leaders? Do you enjoy building cities, researching technology and advancing through the ages to become a superpower and slowly take control of the planet? Also don't be put off by this games apparent depth. Games can last weeks and months, it's true, but they can be played at any pace and picked up or put down at any time. That is one of the best things about this game, you can play for an hour or 16, and save your game and come back to it a week later and pick up right where you left off. Overall: 7/10
game-hours: 118.2
review: This game is like crack. Turn based but complex. I have to force myself to stop sometimes.
game-hours: 740.9
review: *WARNING* ADDICTIVE
game-hours: 34.3
review: This game is fun. When it works. When it doesn't is is .
game-hours: 1304.9
review: Countless hours have been sunk into this game. A must have for any strategy fan.
game-hours: 222.3
review: very fun RTS with much replay value
game-hours: 28.0
review: Comfiest game of all time!
game-hours: 445.0
review: This game is absolute garbage. It is a waste of money even if you only pay a penny. The lead designer was "let go" i.e. fired right after this game was made. This game is nothing like the previous ones, it is extremely shallow, as in facebook game quality, "in-depth". When you play this game you are basically just hitting end of turn endlessly. Combat is just a cluster of moving single stack units which endless block each other and gob up limited pathways. War is just a dull game of paper rock scissors. If you played Civ4 BTS and are looking for a quick fix, try the Total War series; Rome, Rome II, Shogun II: Fall of the Samurai, Empire (neat naval battles), and Medieval II (yes you can sail to the Americas). Having a colonoscopy with no lube, and then later finding out that was actually not your doctor but an intern who just has a butt fetish.
game-hours: 10.6
review: I had the second one when I was younger and I was not prepared for the awesomeness of this game. Prepare to lose track of time while playing.
game-hours: 476.4
review: Exellent strategy game, solo and multiplayer offer great diversity.
game-hours: 228.5
review: Excellent game especially with the Gods and Kings DLC
game-hours: 156.5
review: I would say a downgrade from what civilization IV was. The game seems more dull and repetitive. The price also has not gone down much but I guess that doesnt matter. One improvement to the game was the new hexagonal map and being able to culturally expand via gold and improvement of the production. I would say save your money an buy civilaztion IV though.
game-hours: 37.4
review: As fun and addicted a Civ game as ever. Interface is very clean and streamlined. Proudly continues the legacy of the series and will leave you awake in the wee hours of the morning muttering "one more turn..." to yourself. Great game.
game-hours: 1228.3
review: can be a fun game. multiplayer should be done with friends to be enjoyable.
game-hours: 294.6
review: I liked this game quite a bit in Vanilla, but the replay value was a bit stale for my taste. The Brave New World dlc has really beefed up the midgame, and offered a variety of new options that keep games fresh. Still not sure it was worth $30, but grab it during a sale and you won't be disappointed.
game-hours: 91.2
review: Grand strategy at its finest without being too complicated. Great fun alone or with friends and easy to pick up. Just beware that its a time sapper. Before ones knows whats happen 12 hours have past and the game still isnt finished.
game-hours: 300.3
review: 8/10
game-hours: 1048.8
review: One of the best, if not the best, strategy games. With G&K and BNW this has reached the current pinnacle of the Civilization series. 1 unit per tile system, interesting culture/tourism game, religions, personal AI opponents and policy system with great random maps and game settings gives hundreds if not thousands of hours of replay value.
game-hours: 224.0
review: If beyond earth(there new game if you dont know) is haft as good as this game i will get it
game-hours: 200.5
review: si
game-hours: 65.5
review: Without a doubt the best turn-based strategy game ever created.
game-hours: 681.9
review: excellent, love some of the workshop variations
game-hours: 246.9
review: 200+ hours and ticking
game-hours: 356.1
review: Fun, Turn based strategy-game taht all should own. Can be annoying (having some one build a wonder that you had one turn left on or having a friend back stab you), but is an enjoyable game that has endless possibilites. Want expansions sooo bad. The complete edition pack looks like a VERY good deal. Love Civ!
game-hours: 122.5
review: Easily the game that I've put the most time into, and proof that you can hate a game (in a certain way) for the first 5 hours that you put into it, and then get hooked on it once you hit a point in the learning curve. I've not experienced that in many games. Civ V is a very detailed (get the expansions) simulation of running a country. You get the idea probably: start by settling a city, choose where to allocate resources like workers, production, culture in order to gain social policies, growth, wonders of the world, and other things that boost your stats. There are a ton of ways to win, of which I have only accomplished 1, Complete annihilation of all other civilizations. I can't help it, battles are more fun than bible thumping. You can set units to automated, which is handy and can shrink a 30 hour game into a 15 hour game if you're a tedious perfectionist and you can just keep an eye on all the workers to make sure they're not being idiots. Build and train an army of different types of troops, from axe wielding barbarian warriors to tanks to mega-robots. The game can really swing in any direction so long as you're playing on a higher difficulty, and can go from being the easiest round ever to an impossible round in a matter of 10 turns. You'll have to play a few games on easy to get the idea and then you'll probably have questions along the way (You can't actually take a city with a ranged unit...). Its a game of intense strategy and sacrifice (mostly of your social life) and you'll be glad you got into it when you finally win your first domination victory. Just thought I'd throw in my 2 cents. Overall: 9/10 (multiplayer isn't very good, you have to find online workarounds to set up a long turn game for online play.)
game-hours: 68.7
review: This is the best strategy game I have ever played. There are so many things going on at once, you really fell involved with the short clips and battles. Its almost impossible to play the same game twice.
game-hours: 375.4
review: Amazing game recomendto anyone who likes strategy
game-hours: 1020.4
review: If you see the amount of hours I have spent on this Civ 5, you will see I clearly love this game. This game frustrates me, challenges me and is satisfying when you conquer the world. This game is great!!
game-hours: 187.4
review: Too many hours to count. Too many mods to list. LOVE IT!
game-hours: 182.0
review: you will waste all of your time playing this time sink
game-hours: 976.4
review: Just one more turn ....
game-hours: 6.5
review: .
game-hours: 75.2
review: Amazing turn base stratergy game, can get lost in it for hours
game-hours: 64.4
review: I never get bored with this game, end of :D
game-hours: 35.5
review: This game really makes you lose track of time. Fun and very addicting!
game-hours: 561.3
review: Great game, just dont play it if you have something to do in the next 4-8 hours
game-hours: 522.2
review: Have an extra, oh I don't know, month or so to kill? Civ V is about as in depth of a strategy game you'll find, and by far one of the most fun. The 5th in the long line of great games, this one is worth the time, and the DLC.
game-hours: 136.5
review: Game good
game-hours: 92.1
review: it's the bee's knees
game-hours: 46.2
review: wonderful! The first hour you will just not understand nothing, but take your time and get comfertable with the game! JUST WONDERFUL game!
game-hours: 205.4
review: AWESOME
game-hours: 1063.9
review: With both expansions installed, Civ 5 finally becomes as complex as previous installments (they add religion, world congress, etc). AI still kind of sucks at combat, but otherwise it's a great game that you can sink many hours into.
game-hours: 169.0
review: Excelent game in the series, my favorite since Call to Power. The game complexity is such charming, and you'll hardly find any comprehensive material about it. Most of times, you'll just need to learn on your own. Hex tiles and non-stacking military units resulted in a very strategical militar combat planning, as opposed to the death stcks of the game predecessors. Graphics are just gorgeous. Sometimes you want to go to war just to watch some swords swinging. Soundtracks as always are excelent and immersive. Infinite City Spawn is sadly still a problem, but much better than the other games in the series. Recommended!
game-hours: 103.7
review: Civilization V is the latest game in a series which has spanned more than a decade. It's cool, the games are downright awesome but most importantly, the game is fun. With the Gold Edition, the player's gain the chance to play as one of over 34 different civilizations. Whilst the games are lengthy, the idea of competeing against your friends and other AI in diplomatic and military solutions as well as economic, cultural and scientific all add to the joy. This game is THE STRATGY GAME. I strongly advise you to give it a go. It's not complicated. And it's not hard.
game-hours: 225.6
review: best. game. ever. okokok
game-hours: 170.8
review: A epic game! The game is hard and takes skill to play. If you lied games like MAster of Orion, this game is like that just a different theme, based on human history, and more in depth. I have played countless hours of this game and do not understand the gripes with this game. Civilization was made for gameplay not graphics. About the only gripe I do have is that the game does get kinda laggy as there are a lot of big civilizations, but it is not that big of a deal. This is because it takes longer for the computer to think about what moves to make. Be prepared to spend many many hours playing Civilization each game takes many hours to finish. But it is fun and addictive. I do not have the "Brave New World" Expansion, but those I know who do have it say it is great. I do however have "Gods and Kings"
game-hours: 9.2
review: Really good. Best stradegy game I ever played (I havent really played any others)
game-hours: 16.2
review: It allows you to say "Khaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaan!
game-hours: 452.1
review: There is no reason not to own this game. Have played lots of hours with the base game and all the expansions and even if I got tired of it there is a large moc community on the steam workshop.
game-hours: 199.8
review: This game is freaking fantastic and I definitely recommend buying this game. This is the type of game you can spend hour upon hour playing with a freind or by yourself.
game-hours: 408.6
review: This game is a lot of fun.
game-hours: 110.9
review: is good game
game-hours: 250.2
review: A really fun Stratagy game that i would rank Number 1 on its list its a must have for any Stratagy game lover, also fun with friends, always fun to see whos better
game-hours: 341.1
review: Civilization yo Get the elder scrolls leader mod get the game scrub do it
game-hours: 208.9
review: This is a great strategy game to play alone or with friends.
game-hours: 569.8
review: Fixes issues of previous installments.
game-hours: 110.3
review: streamlining makes my peepee hole sad.
game-hours: 323.6
review: I have a problem with playing this game. It will easily eat up an evening without me noticing that time has passed at all. I keep coming back to it.
game-hours: 111.4
review: BEST GAME EVAR
game-hours: 62.0
review: Probably the best strategy game out there if you are looking for a good game to buy, this is your best choice!
game-hours: 5.4
review: Awesome game.
game-hours: 1092.2
review: This game has consumed over 500 hours of my life...and I still want to play more.
game-hours: 72.6
review: Worth buying as it's one of those games of the one more turn genres. Play with friends and buy when cheap if possible.
game-hours: 76.7
review: cool
game-hours: 22.7
review: I've just recently bought the game, and have played it for 4+ hours non stop. Just as soon as you think you are at a good break point, you just keep on going. I had my doubts about this game, but even with the "arcadish", non rts, battle mechanics, the game makes up for it in content, and flexability to bring your empire where ever you choose. Coming from a Real Time Strategy enthusiast, this game, definitely delivers. A must have, especially if you have friends to team up with online ;).
game-hours: 6.6
review: Great Strategic Gameplay. Unfortunately the games seem to go on and on and on. Still a good game. 7/10
game-hours: 263.0
review: It's pretty good. I like the nukes.
game-hours: 83.0
review: There is almost nothing more satisfying than simultaneously nuking America and The Zulus out of existence. This game is a fantastic introduction to turn-based strategy games, and is a must have in any steam library.
game-hours: 512.1
review: Awesome game!
game-hours: 509.4
review: Amazing game that comes with the added risk of completely taking away your sense of time.
game-hours: 71.4
review: I am so unbelievably addicted to this game. I have stayed up until 4 in the morning for the past three days, just trying to beat it on Easy. I shudder to think what the tougher difficulties have in store, but I am definitely looking forward to playing with friends. And leaving it open to the Steam Workshop is awesome, because who knows what crazy  stuff people will come up with.
game-hours: 228.4
review: if u like strategy games there is no way around that game but it lacks a bit when it comes to multiplayer but its still the best strategy i ever played for sure.
game-hours: 439.6
review: Loved every hour of it. If you look at how much ive played it, it should count for something. However the diplomatic system on the game is far inferior to games like Sid Meier's Alpha Centari, but their getting there. The Culture and Faith upgrades done to the game however are beyond awesome. You can if your clever, win the game by never commiting to a war, which is a great change in the game. You should give it a try if you like turn based strategy or just strategy games wich containes more than just war. For this game is faaar deeper than just warfare.
game-hours: 246.4
review: Ruined my life. 10/10
game-hours: 10.8
review: I LOVE this game. Its a game of stadigy where you have to control a city and make it the best you can and beat all the other players on the map before they come for you. allthough the orignal map is quite small, you can just turn the settings to a bigger map! I rate this game a 5/5 Allthough it was missing some really good fitures out of civ 4, they made up for it by making it in the DLC. + The DLC is so worth it.
game-hours: 193.3
review: "Just...one...more...turn..." Is what you'll say when you play this game. "One more turn" as your cities grow and expand across the continent. "One more turn" as your armies march across the land, sea, and air to destroy your enemies. "One more turn" as your empire becomes the leading power and you sit back and marvel at your creation. This is truely an awesome game. If you are interested in empire building strategy, you wll spend many hours on this game. Each match can last hours, and that is still when the game speed is set to fast. It is easy for beginners to pick up and play; there is a very basic tutorial difficulty to teach you the various mechanics of the game, your advisors will be there every step of the way to offer you strategic input, and the in game encyclopedia (named Civilopedia) is there to expand your knowledge on individual aspects of the game and even teach you some history!
game-hours: 346.8
review: Great Game Better with Gods And Kings
game-hours: 10.5
review: it is very good after you have been taught how to play it by a friend but not as good as age of empires
game-hours: 47.1
review: Ghandi is a right tosser
game-hours: 71.7
review: good game, 10/10
game-hours: 275.5
review: So far, for me, Civ V is the most complex strategy game Ive ever played.
game-hours: 275.8
review: A brilliantly addictive strategy game and an excellent introduction to the Civilization series! Great fun over multiplayer (if you have the bandwidth)!
game-hours: 121.3
review: WHAT YEAR IS IT!?
game-hours: 181.3
review: Great fun game Deffiintly recommeded
game-hours: 100.5
review: At first i thought very little, but with time i came to love it!!
game-hours: 13.1
review: Warning ... when you start ... it becomes so adictive ...
game-hours: 131.5
review: BUY IT NOW
game-hours: 200.8
review: I'll write a full review in a minute, just let me have one more turn...
game-hours: 118.7
review: If you have the Gold Edition and Brave New World, you have endless possibilities in playing this game.
game-hours: 105.8
review: This game is the best for reenacting WW2 only the axis wins. That, and manisfest destiny. Manifest Bestiny.
game-hours: 225.0
review: Amazing game. Multiplayer is a bit glitchy, but otherwise its one of my favorite games
game-hours: 298.1
review: This game will own your time, your life, and possibly your soul. In a good way.
game-hours: 596.8
review: Best Game Ever! If you love strategy games this is for you! It is great to play with a table of friends too!
game-hours: 34.1
review: Fun but tedious.
game-hours: 671.3
review: Too good to not play.
game-hours: 96.8
review: Very good game!!! Get a bunch of friends that all have mics and split up into teams!
game-hours: 49.5
review: TOTAL BOSS
game-hours: 247.9
review: Brilliant game, You will likely end up playing til like 4am saying "just one more turn"
game-hours: 35.5
review: I make peple hurtt oder ppl
game-hours: 1208.0
review: Who doesn't love building civilizations up from nothing and conquoring the world? :) though buy all the DLC for the game otherwise it just isn't complete game with just the base part. It's still fun don't get me wrong but you get to understand and do a lot more with all the added stuff. This is also without having a brave new world atm. Though from the looks of it, it just makes it more exciting and in depth to play.
game-hours: 343.8
review: Hours of possible playtime, and many facits to enjoy
game-hours: 70.7
review: Must buy. No more needs to be said, absolutely amazing!
game-hours: 59.2
review: Somewhat addictive...in a good way
game-hours: 14.8
review: Don't buy this should you desire to live a productive life.
game-hours: 23.0
review: Great Strategy Game!
game-hours: 297.0
review: Yes
game-hours: 101.2
review: bad
game-hours: 444.5
review: After playing Civ I, II, III and IV + expansions - This is one of the finest! Little midgame inbalances though.
game-hours: 323.0
review: An exceptional political simulator. Whether you are a micromanager wanting to ensure that every detail is right in you thriving civilization, or you are just a warrior with a lust for strategic battle this game will satisfy you.
game-hours: 65.0
review: Hugely Addicting game, I play for hours and its as if only a few minutes have gone by.
game-hours: 231.4
review: You die a hero or you live long enough to become a villain
game-hours: 2594.8
review: awesome game
game-hours: 111.8
review: I have long been a fan of the Civilization style of games, though I'll be honest, Alpha Centauri is my favorite Sid Meier's title of all time. All time. With that said, Civ 5 is by far the most polished game, and with all of the addon's coming in at the original cost of the game, I'm more than content to pay the price. Hours and hours of gameplay and replayablilty. Modability adds in even more replay value. Steam workshop compatible! Definitely a game for someone looking to do more than point a gun at something...
game-hours: 174.6
review: is good game
game-hours: 452.7
review: The defining modern civilization simulator. Everything is excellent, makes even the best computers hot with all the amazing engine work and calculations it does.
game-hours: 168.1
review: Fantastic turn-based strategy. I love it.
game-hours: 322.8
review: Probably the most fun I've had in a game for 10 years. Easy enough on the lower difficulties to get a hang for the game, and hard enough once raised to difficulty 6+ to continue challenging your strategies.
game-hours: 45.6
review: Nuke them all.
game-hours: 303.2
review: Its good
game-hours: 268.7
review: 1st time trying a (RTS) and and loving it .i was put off when i 1st seen it but it as one of the best Beginner's Tutorial Guide iv seen this game is a most buy
game-hours: 3064.5
review: Hours and hours played, still enjoy the heck out of it!
game-hours: 27.4
review: a great tactical game if you're looking for something different from the ususal fast paced action of other games on the market
game-hours: 30.6
review: this game is fun and is a time waster if your bored it will make you not bored so try this game out
game-hours: 212.8
review: Didn't sleep for 72 hours, but Denamark is dead now so 10/10.
game-hours: 305.5
review: This game, the successor to the widly successful Civilization IV, is even better in some respects. With Gods and Kings and Brave New World, the diversity and playability of this game never ceases to amaze me. A good multiplayer match on Civ V is one of the best ways I can waste my time.
game-hours: 166.3
review: Few strategy games can mach this empire builder in large army tactics. Domatation isn't the only way to win, even if it is the easyest. Allthow you can't get the full experiance without DLCs there are many ways to play this game.
game-hours: 49.7
review: Just played a game with my friend. I brought all my troops to his borders and attacked him without warning. We are no longer friends. 10/10
game-hours: 110.3
review: its really good
game-hours: 98.9
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V is a great strategy game that new and old players of the Civilization franchise will love. It combines great AI with complex strategy mechanics to immerse the player into his own empire made from a vareity of cities and military might that the Civilization franchise specializes in. However, the only downside to this game is the lack of interesting scenarios that only pricey DLC can supply. But despite the scenario problem, Civilization V is a fun and exciting game to play with friends or by yourself against the difficult AIs. I recommend this game.
game-hours: 380.5
review: Really great addicting game!
game-hours: 27.5
review: I like this game. I like how there are many different choices for play styles and civilizations
game-hours: 88.1
review: .....Mountains....... MOUNTAINS ALWAYS IN THE WAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 387.5
review: Cid Meier's Civilization V is one of the most engrossing strategy progression simulator that I have ever had the pleasure of loosing $30 to play it. Graphically stunning and exceedingly complex, Civilization V offers years of gameplay if one is willing to fully explore the vast abyss that is the conquest, politics, scientific advancement, cultural diffusion, and overall splendor of lording over some of the greatest empires the world has ever seen. For instance, let's take my favorite civilization: Egypt. Egypt gains a 20% production (construction speed) bonus whilst building wonders, such as The Kremlin or The Eiffel Tower, so I could build The Pyramids, The Great Wall, Petra, The Statue of Zeus, and The Temple of Artemis before anyone got past the Medeival Era, and in doing so, I would gain any and every bonus associated with the above listed. This would grant me extra food (which assists greatly in population growth), extra defense for my cities, increased gold income, and the like. These boosts would expedite my civilization's progression and multiply my political and economic power exponentially. I would effectively become a god. Each civilization has a bonus similar to this in that their empire-specific bonuses are relevant to their real-world roles and culture in history. Egypt gets a variation of war chariots, burial tombs, and a bonus when building wonders. America gets Minute Men, The B-17, and extra movement and visual range of all land military units. Russia gets extra production and double quantity of/from horses and uranium. England gets Longbowmen, a Ship of the Line, and increased visual range and movement for naval units. It's all culturally and historically applicable and relevant. I know I've left out a great deal of information, but this game is far too complex for me to explain given the time that I currently have on hand. There is no doubt in my mind that you should get this game for yourself. It is a beutiful experience for anyone that enjoys history or strategy games. I have played this fervently since I bought it, and while it is a difficult game (I have learned from my empire spiraling into a ferment one too many times), it is well worth the time, energy, and possible tears your pour into this game. ... On second thought, don't pour tears into your computer. That would not be good. Don't do that. Get this game. You'll enjoy the challenge. It's worth it. Go nuke everybody as Ghandi or achive ultimate technological enlightenment as Shaka of the Zulus. Enact whatever methods you see fit and rise to global superiority or sink to the lowest level of political slums (and probably subsequently eradicated) because of it! History is yours! P.S. Keep a close eye on Monetzuma.
game-hours: 231.5
review: Jeeze, don't even get me started on this game. Just play it... Oh wait, you probably already are.
game-hours: 666.4
review: It has planes.
game-hours: 266.4
review: This game will ruin your life, play it!
game-hours: 50.6
review: The best TBS i have ever and wll play
game-hours: 345.3
review: Great game!
game-hours: 465.7
review: This is simple. If you like Turn-based strategy games, this is the King, the Must-Have of these games. Get it on sale off of Steam if you must, but get it, you will not regret it.
game-hours: 74.6
review: Such a fun TB game to play. If you like playing turn based strategy games, obliterating enemies, or just want to try something new, Civ V is the game to play!!!
game-hours: 434.7
review: Great game, you have to understand the game is great!!!!!! But if you don't know how to play, don't give up instantly... Actually try to learn it. If you don't know what you're doing you'll love it.
game-hours: 54.2
review: SO FUN
game-hours: 99.3
review: One of the best ways to spend a day, literally. You will spend at minimum 8 hours playing this game once you have it. Be warned.
game-hours: 174.1
review: Fantastic playthrough and very involved multiplayer. Have spent too much of my life on this ^.^
game-hours: 23.9
review: hm wow what is there to say about "civ" five.... a whole lot. its a good game
game-hours: 172.6
review: A good game with some good ideas. However the AI is still severely lacking (Especially after playing BetterAI with civilization 4). The new happiness system is still really hard to use. The AI receives bonuses in this regard (And with most other things too)
game-hours: 842.7
review: Great game I enjoy it each time I play, It makes you think
game-hours: 313.1
review: hundreds of hours of fun
game-hours: 72.1
review: When you start playing this game time gets away from you way too fast! Excellent game cant wait for Civilization: Beyond Earth
game-hours: 559.7
review: Great game if you are looking to destroy hours of your time. For Achievement hunters like myself, there is always one more thing to do; And the multiple offical mods are fun (not to mention the unoffical ones). Pick your favorite historical figure and mess up history like a kitten with a ball of yarn!
game-hours: 79.4
review: One of the best 4X series and the 5th installment does not disappoint.
game-hours: 42.1
review: Civ 5 is an awesome game if you are patient and like strategy games. If you are not patient or do not like strategy games you will not like this game at all. Before you start you pick a civilization to rule as, the lenth of the game, the size of the map determining the amount of other civivlizations, the map shape, and the difficulty. Then you start the game and play as your civilization you picked from 4000 BC to 2050 AD or until you win or get taken over. There are a few different victories; cultural, scientific, economic, and domination victories. you can also play after you win so you can take over any county, win the UN, or launch a space program whatever you want to do. I would recommend this game for any one with a decent amount of patients.
game-hours: 68.2
review: It's an excellent 4X game. It's almost like a really comprehensive version of Risk but on your computer. Offers very large replay value has a high skill ceiling while still being accessible for new comers. Easy to play hard to master. Would definitely recommend to anyone who wants a quality strategy game.
game-hours: 173.9
review: Civilisation V is a quite complex (and lengthy) strategy game. If you are into strategy games and have several hours to kill, then Civ V is my prefered game of choice. Despite what you may hear, even the worst of computers can run Civ. HOWEVER The problem with Civ V is that for it to be a decent game you need to get DLC. I personally suggest saving up about 30-40 and buying all the DLC in the Summer Sale, where it is much cheaper.
game-hours: 49.6
review: A game intricate enough to make me not desperate to win it. The game play is fun enough on it's own, without the added joy of beating someone.
game-hours: 452.6
review: Civilization V is a perfect strategy game. If you're new to strategy games you will still love it and it offers you hundreds and hundreds of hours for gameplay. Multiplyer is amazing too espically with friends. Also try to buy the brave new world expansion pack. That will enhance the game and you'll play it even more. Even the Angry Army supports this game. (Angry Joe).
game-hours: 294.3
review: :D
game-hours: 52.8
review: Civilization 5 is one is the best ever strategy games and I highly recomend it to any new steam person
game-hours: 353.7
review: So fun
game-hours: 218.8
review: One of my old favourites. Enjoying the Brave New World expansion pack as the game isn't really much fun without it, great game though and I suggest that you buy!
game-hours: 23.8
review: Awesome!
game-hours: 113.4
review: Will suck you in!!! Awesome game with great expansions!
game-hours: 172.7
review: The best game EVAR
game-hours: 55.1
review: Do you wnt a game where you can nuke Ghandi? Well it's your lucky day!
game-hours: 123.1
review: It's Civilization... Just be sure to keep an eye on the clock ;)
game-hours: 855.9
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 149.3
review: extremely addicting 9.5/10
game-hours: 2358.0
review: Awsome as always from Sid
game-hours: 1958.4
review: Literally the best game I've ever played (behind Empire Total War). I've clocked up (ashamedly) the most hours on this game
game-hours: 410.7
review: Is a good game, get the DLC though. And DON'T play from 8 PM to 5 AM. PS
game-hours: 42.4
review: This game is a looooooooooooooooooooot of fun. Defs recommend.
game-hours: 873.6
review: Yea!!!!!
game-hours: 999.6
review: Simply stated, the Civ franchise is the best turn-based strategy games. Civ5 has done the franchise justice while continue to improve the game overall from its predecessors.
game-hours: 34.7
review: This game is addicting and can be super intense and relaxed at the same time. If that makes any sense.
game-hours: 74.6
review: good song from game for a good game
game-hours: 147.8
review: Best stratigy game out there. Compex but simpe, and there is plenty of epic Civ 5 falures, and even victorys. Buy it now, and i am off to play Civ 5.
game-hours: 611.9
review: w00t!!!!
game-hours: 3714.1
review: Still has issues not resolved by Gods & Kings, but it is still a sound God game and a big improvement over Civ4. :)
game-hours: 69.4
review: this game is a great turn based stategy game
game-hours: 176.2
review: Great game, I will invariably spend hours on this game in the future with my mates.
game-hours: 78.7
review: It's just fantastic
game-hours: 23.0
review: no idea how to play this game :D
game-hours: 475.8
review: You'll never have more fun losing hours of your life without you even noticing. It's challenging, engaging and new each time with multiple win scenarios that allow you to play a different way each time. I can't recommend this game enough, especially when you play with others. The only problem is that it can be very buggy at times, especially towards late game and even more so when you play with friends. I wish that there were options to have the animations and such in multi-player but they opted out to save on wait time. Still, over all, love this game!
game-hours: 62.0
review: Epic
game-hours: 56.4
review: Single-Player itself is a reason to buy this game, not to mention multiplayer. If you've ever played a Civ or other strategy game, you will enjoy this. If you do buy, make sure you get the Gold Edition and the Brave New World expansion, or the Complete Edition, since there is so much DLC. 9.5/10 Must Own
game-hours: 66.1
review: Bloody barbarians pickers! Reported enjoy low pri
game-hours: 166.7
review: Dont let the nice looking guys fool you...
game-hours: 386.3
review: Amazing!!!! The expansions make it even more fun.
game-hours: 206.3
review: Great turn based strategy game. It's relatively user driven, in that you can make one game last for 10 hours or 100 hours, whatever your preference. You can fly through the game using auto productions and other ease features, but there are great opportunites for micromanaging galore if that is your suit. Loads of dlc make the game a lot more fun, especially the addition of religion, as well as the reworked global political system, cultural victory, and diplomatic victory, as seen in the Brave New World expansion. I would suggest playing on prince difficulty or above however. Aside from learning the game, anything lower then that is rather broken in terms of ease of victory. Watch out for Ghangis Khan.
game-hours: 315.0
review: This game is simply amazing. It's like playing a board game on your computer and it's incredibly interactive with a great amount of detail. And the dlc only make it better and each one is well worth it's price. 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 132.9
review: Fun game!
game-hours: 98.8
review: Solid Civ game very fun wow
game-hours: 123.8
review: Gamer is so good it makes you punch your own face.
game-hours: 317.9
review: So addicting. Spent 5 hrs in tutorial.
game-hours: 272.7
review: Massively addicting. Several time I started a game with just a few hours to spare and ended up staying up until 4am for just one more turn... I really like the change to one military unit per tile and the hexagon tile system. Alot of the systems from Civilization IV have been migrated over and tweaked. The only real negative is that there have been more bugs with Civ V than I experienced playing Civ IV, but in all fairness I did start playing IV after it had a few expansions. The latest expansion makes the game after around the Renaissance Era much more diverse and interesting. Before, you pretty much could only advance your military and continue building up your progress to victory. If you weren't doing a domination victory, the game could become monotonous (depending on your neighbors), but that has been fixed from what I hear with Brave new world.
game-hours: 291.0
review: You have to get this game as it is amazing and the mods give even more replay ability
game-hours: 4.7
review: got nuked by mayans 10/10 will name my first born child Pascal
game-hours: 84.0
review: A game that will stun you will the beauty and adventure of the history that makes up the world and the game you should be playing today!
game-hours: 53.1
review: You can reconstruct WWII and let the Nazi's win, and then go and play Wolfenstein to continue you own story in a different genre of game. 10/10
game-hours: 12.8
review: Really good game if you like this kind of thing
game-hours: 73.7
review: The game where you set up a big group game with your friends one night, and then the friends who start falling behind "get bored" or "need to go to sleep", conveniently before their capital gets nuked. 5/5
game-hours: 210.8
review: best. game. ever. watch out for ghandi he is evil though.
game-hours: 74.8
review: Just one more turn before i turn it off... Okay but now just one more turn.. Thats basically how you can describe your thoughts when you are playing Civilization. Gameplay: Civilization V is a turn-based Strategy game which excels at STEALING YOUR TIME. When you are a person with not so much time, i wouldnt recommend this game for you since 1 match can last an entire day. The Singleplayer is perfectly fun, but the AI is some kind of weak. Diplomacy is also a little bit weaker than in previous games, but that doesnt hurt the game at all. There is still so much depth in the game, so many playstyles and yet its not perfect. The game could be great, but its only good. Why? Because of the weak multiplayer. The netcode of this game is one of the worst netcodes ever made. You wont have a single game without lags, disconnects and crashes. A turn can take up to 5 minutes, well at least thats my experience with the multiplayer. Thats pretty much the bottleneck of this game. As fun and timekilling it is, it will become boring after a good 100 hours, when you have to play vs the AI over and over and over again and tried out all of the nations. 4/5 Stars. Graphics: Graphics are perfectly fine in the game. They are simple but yet atmospheric. Also the animated fights between your and the enemy units are fun to watch. 3/5 Stars. Story: Well Civ games never really had a story. In this game are some scenarios but they dont really tell a story. Summary: 4/5 Stars Pro: 100 + hours of fun Much depht in the game Nice Graphics Contra: Sometimes the AI is kinda weak. Gets repetetive after a while. Weak , maybe even non existend multiplayer.
game-hours: 176.1
review: This is a game I always find myself constantly coming back to. If you do not have this game, I highly recommend this game for all types of gamers.
game-hours: 69.5
review: You will NOT regret buying this game. I highly suggest it. Please buy.
game-hours: 32.7
review: really cool game
game-hours: 796.4
review: Games like this built my intrest in history and my critical thinking skills.
game-hours: 2.6
review: It's worth buying now that they have finally released the entire game, but buy it as a bundle.
game-hours: 15.4
review: DESTROY! DESTROY!!!
game-hours: 74.1
review: had fun, many times
game-hours: 130.8
review: After several major patches it became playable and despite some annoying flaws it is quite fun time killer.
game-hours: 21.6
review: this is an amazing game to play with a somewhat beefy computer. Its is a good game to play with friends
game-hours: 31.2
review: This game has ruined my social life ... I love it!!
game-hours: 136.9
review: Great game, I was a bit sceptical of the new "layout" with the different paragons from CiV: IV, but I have since grown accustomed to the hexagons instead of plain squares. The game itself is awesome, with both the Leader/CiV traits and the special units, you have a lot of different road to head down with your Civ. You can choose to go all out agressive if you have strong earlygame units or are a good diplomat with the citystates. THere isn't two games that are alike. The map changes, the opposing AI does, and the attitude of nearby city states (whom you either please or ignore) makes the game feel like a new experience each game
game-hours: 216.4
review: Most addictive and satisfying strategy game available on PC.
game-hours: 24.8
review: If you still dont have it - BUY IT NOW!
game-hours: 256.3
review: WHY CAN'T GANDHI STOP ING NUKING ME IT'S THE ING 1850's 10/10
game-hours: 42.9
review: The spectacular series returns with beautiful graphics and continues the standard of perfection that is the Civilization series. I have probably spent 10000 hours playing this entire series. Love it.
game-hours: 170.5
review: Very fun, but avoid Askia and Gahndi, dey be untrustworthy.
game-hours: 309.4
review: It is almost physically impossible to get bored of this game. The community keeps giving and the workshop has A LOT of good items in it.
game-hours: 394.6
review: Though the game was terribly lacking at release, with the improvements made with the addition of the expansion packs, Civilization V is well worth the 30 dollars. EDIT: 05/31/14 I still do recommend this game, although, I would like to add on to the review. As I said initially, the game was very poor on release. Many features of Civilization IV were not carried over, and while I thought it still had the feel of a Civ game, it seemed as basic as Civilization I or the console port. With the two current expansions of Gods and Kings and Brave New World, I feels that the game has matured much and is a worthy title to the franchise. This is the game that should have been released. I'll finish by saying that it could still be improved and obviously isn't a perfect game. I don't want to sound as though it's the best game ever. Just compared to how it was at release, it is much improved. I still believe that Civ IV is the better game, but I would rate this game comparable to Civilization II, which I've played many, many hours of.
game-hours: 122.4
review: I nuked Bloxgate's capital like sixteen times and I still didn't get to capture the city until I sent my stone age warriors into the ruins.
game-hours: 287.6
review: Great addition to an already powerful title. 9.5/10
game-hours: 162.7
review: amazing game,and the expansions improve it alot to
game-hours: 707.2
review: this games features turn based strategy gameplay. Its many opportunities for building your envisionment of a perfect civilization will leave you planning, acting, and doing for hours.
game-hours: 12.1
review: I love this game, one of the best strategy games I have ever played.
game-hours: 263.3
review: I dont have much to say about the game but what i can say may change the outcome of what happens. NEVER DEAL WITH MONTEZUMA. 100/10 Would play more
game-hours: 33.1
review: good game`
game-hours: 59.4
review: Best turn based strategy since CivIII. Who needs money anyways?
game-hours: 9.1
review: VERY fun TBS game. Seems to crash a lot for me though... not sure why. Would love to play it more.
game-hours: 686.2
review: This is a wonderful game that everyone should have
game-hours: 11.8
review: so conquerer. very strategy. nuke ghandi first. much deep gameplay.
game-hours: 73.7
review: This game will consume hours of your life and your will enjoy it! While there are some improvements from the last installment, Civilization 5 is different from Civilization 4. However, Civilization 5 tries to help you learn these differences when you play on the easier difficulties. There is a less emphasis on combat in this version, previously you could stack units upon units on a single tile and move a massive army towards your enemy. Civilization 5 limits this by having only one unit per tile, forcing the player to use more strategy when facing foes and making you think about alternatives to war. Exploration, culture and diplomacy are now the main key to getting a stronghold in the world. Although you are competing with rival cultures, you need their support and the support of city states if you want to make your citizens happy. If you buy this game, consider all the DLC packs, they greatly enhance the gameplay and make improvements upon the base game. They can be turned off at the starting menu if you seek to play a different version of the game. But you miss out on playing as/against a variety of different cultures. For example, the brave new world DLC allows you to dominate the world with just your culture, instead of an armed victory. You can play as long as you want; I never feel the need to complete the game right away. Sometimes I just want to try out a new civilization or only play for a few hours. You can save your game and return to it later, or you can start a different scenario. It is a fun game to play alone or with friends. My wife and I play at home; we setup the computers in the living room and play against each other. Well play a revolutionary war scenario while playing The Patriot movie on our big screen. This is a must purchase game!
game-hours: 29.7
review: The pinacle of strategy games: Civilization 5. A must buy.
game-hours: 425.7
review: This is a fantastic game.
game-hours: 931.1
review: Best turn - based strategy game 4 me ...
game-hours: 124.4
review: LOVE IT
game-hours: 124.4
review: LOVE IT
game-hours: 216.0
review: I'll just play for an hour or so...
game-hours: 63.6
review: Very fun game
game-hours: 393.2
review: Great step forward for civilization series. Same climat, same fun, more strategy and better graphics :) (one tiny minus : it is less politics in this one :( ) Recommend 10/10!
game-hours: 177.7
review: This game is amazing. Its one of those games that never gets old. Wacth out though as you'll think that 1 hour has gone by, but really have :)
game-hours: 43.2
review: Great classic !!! Just can some1 help me to get nuclear weapon in game =) i m more than 900 turn but still dont know how to get nuclear civ5 ://
game-hours: 186.5
review: playing this before going to bed = morning. wait what happened?
game-hours: 294.3
review: This game encourages you to be a complete psychopath. You will begin to laugh as you drown your enemies in their own blood, blowing up all their cities with nuclear missiles. And all they can do it watch helplessly as you crush the life out of everything they love. Endless, boudless joy. Every time.
game-hours: 250.1
review: This is the best Civ by far. Not being able to stack units sounds like crap but it adds tons of thinking into your wars. Also its the most accesible Civ game by far. P.S brave new world makes it civ 6
game-hours: 629.5
review: cool game, but takes way to long to load
game-hours: 30.1
review: Best Game Period!
game-hours: 34.4
review: Shoot down helicopters with camel archers.
game-hours: 216.3
review: THIS IS BeST GAMES EVER 1/10
game-hours: 160.0
review: This game will keep you up to all hours of the morning becuase of 'just one more turn'
game-hours: 55.7
review: A realy good game, a must play for those who want to alter history and lead a civilization to glory
game-hours: 198.2
review: Truly addicting!
game-hours: 154.6
review: dIs gAmE iSh deH beSt
game-hours: 725.4
review: There are few games are enthralling and immersing as Civilization 5. I've spent well over 500 hours on this game already, and plan to keep playing it. It never gets dull, and with mods and dlc content always coming it's constantly improving itself.
game-hours: 439.0
review: aye aye. good game. Good expansions.
game-hours: 630.0
review: good game
game-hours: 118.9
review: I liked it
game-hours: 285.8
review: :)
game-hours: 62.1
review: Dont trust Sejong 10/10
game-hours: 12.0
review: This game is simply amazing! I def give it 5 stars.
game-hours: 54.2
review: this fun til later you get bum  by barbarians with airplanes and assault rifles while your at war with beaners. 10/10 would civ again
game-hours: 117.3
review: More addicting than crack
game-hours: 144.2
review: Awsome Game!!! Been Playing since it started and always well worth while!
game-hours: 31.0
review: Great game, if you have time for it...
game-hours: 124.8
review: Really fun game, bought it through humble bundle and was definitely worth the money!
game-hours: 79.4
review: I recommend this game if you like turn based strategy. I just have Civ 5. Will there be an upgrade version to the Civ 5: Complete Edition?
game-hours: 22.6
review: Awsome! Beautiful, epic, historical and very strategic game for the culture fans!
game-hours: 42.0
review: another civ game they just keep geting better
game-hours: 266.5
review: The best strategy for long winter evenings!
game-hours: 18.7
review: One of the best games I have ever played. Beautiful graphics, in depth strategy, great music and fantastic UI.
game-hours: 18.2
review: best game ever
game-hours: 124.2
review: As the DLC has moved on, the game has improved. Still think Civ II was the best, though...
game-hours: 214.6
review: fun
game-hours: 304.0
review: Got nuked by Gandhi. This game depicts reality. 10/10 would recommend.
game-hours: 84.2
review: This game has been an awesome purchase. I have been playing it non stop since i bought it.
game-hours: 59.1
review: best turn based game ever you can play for hours and hours with a friend or alone
game-hours: 13.7
review: Say goodbye to hours even days of your life
game-hours: 81.3
review: good game. play it.
game-hours: 56.9
review: fantastic game, they really hit the nail on the head with this one
game-hours: 64.5
review: E' un gioco infinito di possibilit e divertimento. Purtroppo avendolo acquistato anni fa su AppStore mi ero perso gran parte delle potenzialit, confinato com'ero nella versione solo inglese e nella totale impossibilit di effettuare partite multiplayer. Ora per grazie a Steam posso apprezzare tutto il divertimento del multigiocatore, anche se credo che sia necessaria una regolamentazione pi efficace per quelle partite. Il popolo dei multiplayer di CIV V ha un p troppa ansia e nessun rispetto per la notiquette e questo purtroppo limita molto la giocabilit di questo fantastico gioco. ban e kick continui senza motivazione, apprensione per la velocit dei turni e a volte totale assenza di dialogo anche ai primi esordi di una partita, rendono stressante la ricerca di un party adeguato. DON'T WORRY, BUT BE FUN !!!
game-hours: 656.3
review: "Each morning, a missionary advertises neon sign. He tells the native population that civilization is fine"
game-hours: 25.8
review: HOLY  THIS ING GAME IS AWESOME
game-hours: 161.0
review: Great game
game-hours: 204.0
review: One of the best Strategy games I've played in a long time. Thank you civ.
game-hours: 103.9
review: Goood Game
game-hours: 3.0
review: knowledge
game-hours: 112.6
review: Awesome, in-depth turn based game. Recommended for anyone who enjoys world history and/or complicated strategy.
game-hours: 323.6
review: By far the best civilization game of all. better than total war and Europa universils 4.
game-hours: 97.9
review: nice game :)
game-hours: 157.7
review: This game is awesome! I've spent so much time playing it. I really recommend it.
game-hours: 23.8
review: its like taking a  with out an .
game-hours: 1830.7
review: great to play one handed with an infant in the other.
game-hours: 237.9
review: Amazing game
game-hours: 1727.0
review: great game black whole of time
game-hours: 102.7
review: Base game has large amount of content and is very good. Brave new world dlc added new breath of life into a game that was staring to get a bit boring, would reccomend buying after getting a feel for the game.
game-hours: 198.0
review: This game is great. It's a fun addicting way to waste time. It, however, does have some flaws. The A.I.s don't exactly act the way people would and lots of the later game units are really gimicky and unbalanced. Luckily, They created expansions to the game to amend their past mistakes. It's kind of a puss-out to make the DLC include civilizations instead of just releasing all of them with the game, but it makes up for it with new play styles, scenarios, and feel for the game. On its own, the game is a 6.5/10. With the DLC (Especially Brave New World), I becomes a 9.3/10. For any fan of the strategy genre, I HIGHLY recommend this game. Have Fun!
game-hours: 95.6
review: Civ V... its hard to say it keeps up the standard. It looks better, "feels" like it makes more sense.. but in general it also feels very lacklustre. It doesn't help that the DLC is infecting what was a wonderful franchise, so i am glad Sid Meier has managed to reclaim control over the IP. Funfact: All of Civ V's DLC to date was already included in CivIV or became included in much more substantial expansions. Now they cost 3-4 each and total 31... I'd say you'd be better off getting Civ IV, or Civ II. Civ V is good, but its future isn't glowing as bright as it used to.
game-hours: 449.9
review: Amazing strategy game with hours of fun to be had, either playing solo or with friends. For the full experaince I highly recommend getting the DLC for this game as it truly makes all the game mechanics complete, but the core version is still fun nonetheless. If you like strategy games that drain your time, this is a must have game.
game-hours: 108.9
review: Anyone who loves a strategy type of game will love this one. I was very happy to be able to take over the world and decide how I should destroy my opponents. Great game, and I definitely recommend it.
game-hours: 87.8
review: Most addicting game I've played since Minecraft, Humblebundle FTW! 10/10
game-hours: 88.4
review: yes
game-hours: 104.5
review: Lots of hours of fun! With a lot of different scenarios and presets, you can really relive some of earths greatest moments.. or maybe make your own new ones! However, the game can be a bit lacking in variety time to time, but if it gets that, just call your friends. This game is a hole other level when you try the multiplayer, especially if you know the people you are playing with. Totally would recommend this game, because of its great gameplay, innovative features, and endless hours of fun, betraying your friends. If you plan on buying this game, you might as well just go the whole way and buy the DLC for the game. It is playable without them, but they really add to the already great experience.
game-hours: 232.7
review: This is a really nice 4X style turn based game (although you must be prepared for a LONG game - multiple hours).
game-hours: 24.2
review: This game is proof of time travel, 8 hours will have gone by before you can click the mouse.
game-hours: 154.2
review: Look it's the 5th installation of Civ, you know if you like it. If you like it come, come and waste away countless hours to this time vampire. Watch 1 more hour turn into oh crap I'm late for work.
game-hours: 586.6
review: Getting awesome after G&K came out!
game-hours: 304.9
review: hell yes i recommend this game.ummm.......it is a fun interesting game because every time you start a new game there is always going to be something different. for me the early game is preatty fun. but i think they should lower the price on the expansion packs like brave new world and gods and kings, i also recommend buying these expansion packs for a better expirience. May your civilization stand the test of time.
game-hours: 2705.9
review: I really love this game. I mean come on, 1500+ hours? Of course I do!
game-hours: 18.5
review: Took over the world and made everyone hate me. 10/10
game-hours: 80.8
review: So much fun
game-hours: 92.8
review: This game will suck your life away. Right through your . Like Satan's Vacuum Cleaner. 10/10 would buy again
game-hours: 208.6
review: This is a great game for all ages, and can be very exciting once you hit the modern age! Definitely NOT a waste of money.
game-hours: 26.8
review: Great game.
game-hours: 275.1
review: Amazing game, be wary of getting stuck for hours on end ;)
game-hours: 22.5
review: Spent an hour just on tutorials because it was so addicting.
game-hours: 70.7
review: Sid Mier's Civillization V is one of the most detaled and surpriseingly accurite simulation games ever. Allowing you to follow and controll almost every aspect of civilization from begining to end. I however am aganst games with micro-transactons 3.5 stars.
game-hours: 144.6
review: SOOOOO ADICTING!!!!!! and fun!, If you buy it, prepare for sleepless nights:)
game-hours: 114.5
review: addictive
game-hours: 240.6
review: Very amazing game, but you need to get the DLC for it to be good. Did that make sense? It's ONE OF MY FAVORITES! But if you dont by the DLC it's not that amazing!
game-hours: 190.1
review: Best version of the game to date.
game-hours: 98.1
review: Just one more turn......
game-hours: 678.9
review: Love Civ V and the hex grid. No more unit stacking, horray!
game-hours: 295.4
review: This game is unique in so many levels. They make all the leaders act the same as if in real life and every difficulty has a diffrent strategy that only trial and error can solve. Will you be warlike? Or cultural? Or even a gleaming beam of hope of technological wonders can your Civilization hold as you conquer barbarian nations. Can your Empire stand the test of time?
game-hours: 208.6
review: BEST TIME WASTER NA.
game-hours: 102.8
review: Great Game. But it feels like committing a crime to recommend this deadly addictive game to anyone. Thus I will.
game-hours: 368.4
review: This Is A Great Game!!!
game-hours: 900.0
review: You can rule the world!
game-hours: 72.7
review: I love this game it is really fun! It has gotten me to learn alot about woners and civilisations to!
game-hours: 53.7
review: Really good
game-hours: 265.4
review: WOW....mais quel bon jeu, Les amateurs de civ seront combls. Je trouve par contre que l'influence qu'a le leader sur sa civilisation n'est pas asser prononc compar au quatrime. Quand mme, je le recommande  tous.
game-hours: 193.0
review: You will never lose more of your life playing a game other than this one, and for good reason, because this is probably the most time-consuming, addictive game there is.
game-hours: 11.3
review: I haven't left my house in three days because of this game. 10/11 Would strongly recommend
game-hours: 65.6
review: One of my favorite games!
game-hours: 895.6
review: !
game-hours: 309.8
review: Amazing game. The learning curve is not high AND it's replayable and fun.
game-hours: 18.9
review: Stratageticamedical
game-hours: 38.9
review: ing sucking time vampire.
game-hours: 0.4
review: :D yes its great
game-hours: 458.0
review: I can't stop playing. Send help. Also, never trust the AI. Ever.
game-hours: 270.4
review: Best! Game! Ever!
game-hours: 435.5
review: One of the best games I have ever played if you like long-term strategy games.
game-hours: 165.4
review: One of the Best! :)
game-hours: 212.5
review: Settler difficulty is best 5/5
game-hours: 259.0
review: Played this before work and all I did was think about it for the rest of the day
game-hours: 76.6
review: ruined my grades 10/10
game-hours: 1283.5
review: Been playing since 1991. The only bad game was Civ 3. It's not a game, it's a lifestyle.
game-hours: 53.5
review: This is the most incredable game ever! Every time i play it a get addicted to the piont where my mom has to have me do something else. This game is a game where you can get allies and team up and take down someone else. It has an amazing multiplayer and i defenitly recommend this game. If I were rating it it would be like 1000/10 it is so good.
game-hours: 46.5
review: This game is amazing, it really is, everything about this is, the combat, is fair and very nice to look at, the exploring is always different, you never have a dull experience, the economy is affected by almost everything you do, the other civilizations, incredibly detailed and immersive, they're mere presence will give you shivers, you play this game, you feel like a ruler, but it is up to you what type of ruler you will be, in this game, you can create a civilization to stand the test of time.
game-hours: 76.8
review: I have played this game for 17 days straight. I have loved this game so darn much, that I have made countless youtube videos on it. I recommend this game like no other. Get it. Nuff Said -Wise Poet 1872
game-hours: 422.5
review: Extremly time consuming game. Really easy to get your moneys worth in game time. I have almost 300 hours in and have only (completed) one match. It's a strategy game, but has lots of different aspects. It could be seen as more of a war strategy game, but its more than that. You have to manage your cities, your ecomonmy, diplomatic relations, religion, and technological advances. It takes a few hours to get into the game, but once you do it will be easy to get AT LEAST 100 hours out of it. 10/10
game-hours: 143.9
review: great game......age of empires on steroids
game-hours: 180.7
review: I got this game in the 2013 summer sale it is so good that i would have payed around 60-90 dollars to play it.
game-hours: 693.0
review: Absolutely everything you wanted form a Sid Meier's game.
game-hours: 62.5
review: Great game
game-hours: 134.4
review: Civilization V is a very fun game for just messing around on or playing with friends. I have played this game for hours on end and keep finding myself coming back for more, I highly recomend this game. 10/10
game-hours: 86.0
review: This is on eof the most fun games I have ever played!
game-hours: 11.2
review: Great RTS but has a big lerning curve, but most is common sense..
game-hours: 192.9
review: Enormous changes have been made to this game in comparison to IV. To make it clear, I really loved the concept of Civ4 and have played it for long. And this game, Civ5, it takes some ideas from it predecessor, but generally is a different game. Not just an upgrade, with more everything and better graphics. Actually, the first thing a Civ4 player notices is how simplified this game has been. Pretty much everything, from interface to tech tree. Long story short (because I could recite them things all), if you played Civ4 before, your'e gonna find this game simplified, I mean it. There are no more armies of 40 units, only one military and one civilian unit can stand on a single tile(!), there are less types of units, civics are replaced with a system I personally like more, some variables like happiness are globalised, there no longer is a need to connect resources with cities to make them available there, blahblah hitting char limit. If you've never played Civ, DON'T, ITS BLOODY ADDICTV
game-hours: 33.2
review: Fun with friends
game-hours: 224.7
review: Love at first Site
game-hours: 119.7
review: Wow. So Stratergy. Many culture. Much Fun. Wow Wow 5 doge out of 5 doge
game-hours: 279.2
review: The definitive turn-based strategy game.
game-hours: 91.9
review: Civ 5 is the high watermark thus far in the series. At this point in time, the game has been patched to be more than balanced and versatile. I hope in future iterations of this game that the music will be evermore expanded to include not only cultural influence, but developmental and incidental playlists.
game-hours: 112.2
review: This is a great game I don't know why its the top seller for stradegy games. The amount of content you get is tremendous. You will be playing with past Civs and their leaders from 5000 bc all the way to 2000+ and obtaining many units and upgrades for your cities, there's a ton of different aspects to the game. For any history freaks they include quite a bit of history of each Civ in the help menu. Playing against computer players you will have to learn the Civs personalties, being a war monger can grant you the world vrs you if you choose to play with many civilizations. There are many different ways to win unlike your typical starcraft game not to mean to bash. My most favorite thing about it is the fact the game is turn based, you are not rewarded by speed but only your actions how and pissing off civilizations to see there reaction. Also its fun to watch them put down you down only to get revenge later. There's even a point they will cower and fear you and you can demand them to give you what you want. The thing I hate most about it is the computer players can be really dumb sometimes and send a bunch of melee troops without any seige weapons or ranged. Worst of all they don't even attack the city they just run back and fourth around it while you kill them all. This is not always the case though there are plenty of times they do bring seige weapons. If you think its to easy you can just increase the diffuculty in which all your stats change to a lower%. It took me a long time to buy this game, the ratings are high on gamespot and here on steam. The weird shaped tiles and watching a couple minutes of gameplay does not give you justice for the feel of the game, you must try it yourself. As for multiplayer you will need to find someone to play with, the games are simply to long for pubs. You simply just quit the game and reload the autosave at a later date. AI can take over if poeple leave and they could come back later if they wanted.
game-hours: 334.8
review: the origional game, Gods and Kings, and Brave new world are $15 through the humble bundle for 10 more days, so get it.
game-hours: 31.6
review: shieeet
game-hours: 158.3
review: Dis es awesum
game-hours: 142.9
review: I'm not sure why Civ V gets such a horrendous rep from the Civ community. It took all the unncecesary elements from past Civ games (like religion and stacked combat units for example) and either streamlined them or got rid of them altogether. That makes the game less of a slog as far as I'm concerned. Civ V is still part of the Civilization series no matter how much people want to complain about it, and it still plays like a Civ game. In other words, Civilization is still the watermark for turn-based strategy games, and no amount of tweaking or nerfing is going to change that.
game-hours: 240.0
review: This game is probably by far one of the best stratagy game i have played. Playing multiplayer is wonderful especially if you have some friends to play it with and it allows you to meet new people that obviousely like the same game as you. I would recomend this game to any person that loves a good strategy game. hence why i'm trying to convert as many people as i can to this game. Have fun!!!!!
game-hours: 29.1
review: The only game where invading a virtual version of Mecca would get Malaysian religious official's panties in a bunch. 5/5 stars from me. Play it my friends and people who read this.
game-hours: 70.3
review: Terrible, it's like total war but campaign map only. No battlemechanics what so ever, even if it's not a wargame it should not play like a ipad game. The tech tree is dull too. Overall - Really  don't buy it, totalwar rome I is much better.
game-hours: 138.9
review: Civ 5 is one of those games that is so difficult to understand, so you spend hours and hours playing and learning the game, never able to fully perfect it. It is an amazing game to pick up and play, expecially on sale.
game-hours: 1142.9
review: love this game!
game-hours: 175.7
review: One of the best games you can buy! A MUST HAVE!!!
game-hours: 89.2
review: Fantastic.
game-hours: 143.0
review: It is good. Wish there was a faster game time though otherwise with friends it is a long effort.
game-hours: 198.9
review: Want to waste hundreds of hours of your life? Buy it. Incredibly addicting and the expansions are well worth the investment.
game-hours: 311.7
review: 10/10 I nuked Gandhi
game-hours: 28.0
review: Despite having solid science trees, a good UI, and tutorials, Civ 5 falls flat. It caters to the Zerg mentality, with extremely large empires based entirely on war being able to have better science than a smaller empire that focused on nothing but that. Diplomacy is broken by design, as in one example, where a friend of yours can declare war on you, then every player on the map will get a major negative relations against you because you "Declared war on someone with whom you made a friendship pact" despite you not being the aggressor. The only way to cancel this is by ending the war with them, however if a civilization has started a war with you, it is very unlikely that they will end it without demanding a city. Another example is how a civilization that has nearly identical values to you, that you have been allied to and trading with for thousands of years, will suddenly betray you. Fairweather friends, that's all the diplomacy here gets you. Diplomacy is broken, the game espouses five paths to victory which is really only two paths, with culture requiring few cities, and all others requiring a large military to maintain and stay ahead. If you were looking for some truely diplomatic game, with deep allied relations and interesting courts and subterfuge, stay away. This game is a strategy WAR game, with a few tassels.
game-hours: 103.9
review: Fuging beast!
game-hours: 72.7
review: OhmaigoshhowamazingandadditiveIloveit
game-hours: 60.4
review: brilliant fun by your own or with a friend but be sure you have freinds to play with for some friendly banter
game-hours: 239.6
review: On sale, get it now! Great turn-based stategy game. Starts off slow, but as the game progresses it really makes your heart beat and your palms sweat. The multiplayer is surprisingly balanced and a great time with friends. A must buy.
game-hours: 14.3
review: Best RTS game you will ever play...
game-hours: 357.0
review: This Game is a great game, with the DLC. The game features amazing music, surpisingly great visuals for a game that, to be honest, is a flat board with several GIFs running on endless loop. With all the DLC (as in the new complete edition) You can be treated to all for the staples of the Civilization series and more- -Caravan Trade routs allowing you to directly gain and give money/suppies to other civilizations or your own cities, respectivly. -Unique Policy trees and Ideoloy trees allowing for crazy amounts of customization and stratagies with certain civilizations depending on what policies and ideologies you pick -Large varaiety of different civs to play as and a furishing mod community adding new civs, and maps almost every day. -Stupid amounts of fun in multiplayer with friends; this is a game you can play wioth a group of friends to just mess around, mess with them, or seriously dominate by showing supreeme amounts of stratagy. Tends to go on sale for about 50%-75% off on all major sales, buy it then and save a ton of money -Much, much more. But now for some downsides of the game itself and the series in general. -The game is extreemly slow paced, this is a problem with the series in general, and with this game in perticular;The game is basicluy a board game so it does function on a turn based system, which naturaly slows down the game, even when the game speed is on quick it tends to run for around 4 hours at a time, this is also party because the Ai turn is done after the payer's turn causing a longer waiting period after each and every turn. In multiplayer it is both better and worse, you can play play with no AI which basicly removes and of the latency between turns, but you are also at the mercy of everyone's internet and the last palyer to clo0ck in the finish turn is the person to end the turn, this can be fixed with turn timers, but that does limit the amount of time everyone has per turn making harder to doi everything you wish to do in a single turn. -Man that last one droned on... -The base game is plain BAD. If you where to just want to spend 20 bucks for the base game of this, don't and buy Civ 4, it is much more worth it. With out DLC this gazme lacks so much that is just is not worth getting it The game tends to crash a lot, for me at least: This is a problem with Direct X on windows 8, atleast for me, again, but this problem can happen to you so be warry. Over all this game is one of the best games I have ever played, this game is definetly worth a buy from anyone who is a stratagy game fan like me and for 50 bucks for the entire game set, you would be nuts not to get it.
game-hours: 51.1
review: I loved Civ 4 but the improvements to this one make it even better, I would recommend this to anyone who likes turn based strategy games.
game-hours: 147.0
review: This is a great game :D Addictive... played for five hours and didn't even notice that :)
game-hours: 91.8
review: For someone who really loves strategy games it's a MUST HAVE. Use your brain, use it a lot - to make your empire grow and grow, let the people stay happy, make money, expand and take over the world of Civ5!
game-hours: 59.8
review: For a four year old game, Civ5 presents a fantastic experience on par with modern strategy games. With particular emphasis on individual turns, each game steadily develops into a robust (albeit historically inaccurate) simulation of competitive civilizations. Though the learning curve might be somewhat steep, the in-game tips are helpful and generally non-intrusive. Once you get the hang of the mechanics, you'll be hooked. Keep in mind that each game spans the history of the world and then some. So grab some friends and get comfy; this might take a while. Absolutely recommend!
game-hours: 167.1
review: Incredible game! Love especially the first 3 eras
game-hours: 205.4
review: Simply Addictive
game-hours: 378.8
review: THIS!
game-hours: 129.2
review: An excellent new version of the game. The new rule of only one military unit per tile seems strange at first, but ultimately makes for more strategic gameplay. This is definitely one of those games that will have you thinking "OK, only one more turn" and then finding yourself still playing hours later. Strongly recommend to anyone who enjoys the Civilization series or strategy empire games. 9.5/10
game-hours: 1609.3
review: Awesome game.. I'm still playing it after 1100 hours.
game-hours: 163.2
review: just brilliant
game-hours: 75.6
review: Just...one...more...turn!
game-hours: 63.8
review: In Sid Meier's Civilization V, You can choose a ancient civilization and build their empire the way you want. Each civilization has its own upsides and downsides. You get to choose a map type, game pace, and difficulty. You can also choose how many AI you want to play with/against you. There is Multiplayer, so you can play with some friends, or some randoms. I also highly recommend buying all of the DLC when you get the chance. It just adds more to the already amazing game. Oh Mighty Player, can you sit on your  all day and play this game? Can YOU build a Civilization that will stand the test of time? 10/10
game-hours: 28.9
review: very great game
game-hours: 288.7
review: This game has been my life for more than 9 years. And so it continues...
game-hours: 110.5
review: YES TOO FUN
game-hours: 42.1
review: it is one of the best games i have ever played
game-hours: 67.5
review: worth it for every cent
game-hours: 85.9
review: Amazing game to play alone or with your friends. Very relaxing at times, but you do need to think about how you will win or at least not lose in the first turns :D I have played it for years now and I absolutely love it. 5 stars, Recommend it.
game-hours: 127.9
review: I just love this game, the only thing I am not into is the long loading times. But the music and description for each culture, the quotes for every new technology and just the all out game play is great.
game-hours: 16.6
review: A great game with over weeks of gameplay that will have you glued to your screen!
game-hours: 69.9
review: Excercise your brain and your imagination with this excellent strategy game that spans the human history of the Earth! Rewrite history in your own image through military force, or become the world ambassador through negotiaions and technological advancement! The possibilities are endless, choose a country and go dominate the world. One . . turn . . at a time!
game-hours: 14.1
review: I find this game to be extremely captivating. I can't seem to stop playing it in my free time. It can be as easy or as challenging as you would like it to be. Wrap it up with the SDK tool, and you can create a scenario with nearly endless possibilities. It's definitely worth the investment.
game-hours: 29.1
review: just beat my first match it only took me 26 hours
game-hours: 205.6
review: Top game. A great sinkhole for all of my time and I haven't even ventured into brave new worlds yet...
game-hours: 113.3
review: Yes, yes, yes.
game-hours: 33.4
review: cabre why did u ditch me we were friends also this is an awesome game
game-hours: 102.5
review: it good
game-hours: 69.5
review: This game is as addictive as Reddit, TVTropes, and Wikipedia all rolled into one. 11/10 best game ever
game-hours: 11.6
review: Such a GREAT game. Among the best of Sid Meier's
game-hours: 9.7
review: The dull technology is anti-historical .Every nation has similar tech .You are Mongols of steppes -no problem . You can still build Lighthouse of Alexandria or Collosus of Rhodes -both monuments strictly made by VERY prosperous sea-faring nations. It is Ridiculous . Further more you can not set era when you want to halt the advancement. I don't feel playing Modern Era ,but I can not do nothing about it . Even more the scenarios are awful . Some of them as short as only 70 turns long. They simple threw some uncooked pseudo historic technology into the pot because it would take few dollars !!! to give every nation the tech it really could have access before the Modern Era. There are lot of people whoo does not care about anything for them this game is perfect . If you feel like doubtful about Central American Civilisations having Cavalry or other Nonsense then this game is not for you.
game-hours: 188.9
review: best civ
game-hours: 53.8
review: IN FUN AS  TOTALLY WURF YOLO
game-hours: 10.5
review: One of the best strategy games. You can play it for hours and you still are excited. :)
game-hours: 332.8
review: Fun strategy game. Would reccomend to any fan of the series or to any turn based strategy in general.
game-hours: 75.3
review: Great game, perfect for strategist.
game-hours: 46.1
review: They did it again, I strongly believe that the Civilization Series is one of the greatest works to teach about human history, achievements, our soul, our sins, our philosophy, our politics, our chances and decisions. It should be put on a working machine and send into space to show aliens that we are horrible, but at least we know how to heave fun. And where there is civilization, there is hope.
game-hours: 61.3
review: Fun game that steals your life and the respect of all people around you.
game-hours: 83.2
review: This is a awesome game. Don't get me wrong. The game's crashes are so frequent I can no longer play this game, I have literally recorded the amount of time it takes to crash. The time was 3-5 mintues. Not even enough time to make a unit move a couple hexes. I have over 1GB of ram dedicated to this game, thinking it would help. No luck. Tried using a mod to increase FPS, nothing. Nothing works. I can't decide whether to recommend or not. I guess I recommend.
game-hours: 350.6
review: Best stragedy game out there and so many things to do!
game-hours: 522.5
review: best civ ever!!!!
game-hours: 85.1
review: yes
game-hours: 85.1
review: yes
game-hours: 86.5
review: OOO war and stuff love it
game-hours: 27.9
review: This game is incredibly fun, but Jesus it takes forever. I have 22 hours on this game and I'm not done with my first game. Still good though.
game-hours: 40.8
review: It will force close when I open it on Directx 9 and I unistalled and reistalled Directx 9 and restarted my computer but same thing please help! Windows XP Pro.
game-hours: 444.4
review: This is a great game to play with mates as well as on your own, very addictive but well worth the time and money you'll invest.
game-hours: 464.9
review: Not as good as Civ 4, but still playable and very addictive.
game-hours: 418.7
review: Civilization V is a fantastic turn-based stratagy game!
game-hours: 14.4
review: A great exploration strategy game. SImilar to Age of empires. MUST BUY!
game-hours: 165.1
review: Easily one of the best games I have ever played. It's just so good.
game-hours: 117.2
review: Doesn't get anymore addictive than this
game-hours: 128.5
review: A little slower than I was expecting, but the interactions are great and there are a lot of new features.
game-hours: 354.8
review: Great game
game-hours: 356.8
review: Where did my life go?
game-hours: 111.5
review: Great game - enjoy the time, every time!
game-hours: 744.5
review: Your girlfriend's younger, stupider sister. In the right light though... damn!
game-hours: 135.0
review: If you've ever wanted to rule the world . . . .this game is for you. If you've ever wondered what developing a god complex is like, yeeeup. Are you the type of person that would, if handed the reigns of civilization, put its full focus toward the development of fusion powered robots; just to satisfy a grudge from when Denmark laid siege to your city and then denounced you in front of that cute Celtic warrior gal? If so, I think you know what you must do. Kiss your family and friends goodbye, forget about your dreams, plans, and aspirations; and play one more turn.
game-hours: 75.2
review: Incredibly fun game. Much like the Civ 4 although far prettier and now with a redesigned combat system which I find very enthralling. Terribly addicting and incredibly well designed. A must buy for a fan of the series.
game-hours: 15.0
review: Great game, it looks like a real life ruiner and I couldn't be happier
game-hours: 115.0
review: great game
game-hours: 54.2
review: One of the top 10 strategic games ever made! It's kind of similar to Starcraft and it's pretty educational too! Revisit the historys of all new different countries and empires. Dominate the world, be an ally of all friends, or surrender to almighty kingdoms. Not the best graphics ever, but pretty good. Sid Meier's Civilization is an old strategic game I think started in 1991? I definitly recommend this game! You might not be interested in strategic games or historical games which might not be the match for you. There are 7 eras: Ancient Era, Classical Era, Medieval Era, Renassiance Era, Industrial Era, Modern Era, and Future. For some people, that means historical and strategic game lovers and others, this game is a fun action-packed Civilization game. You can be a winner by conquering and fighting all the Civilizations to the death, or win by having great knowledge, or being the most political person, plus having the biggest empire ever and more. Game Rating: 9/10, because graphics and 1-3 minute loading screens. (but still worth it) Get the game! Its better with mods, add-ons or expansion packs! The most strategic historical game masterpiece yet!
game-hours: 353.4
review: If RTSs aren't your thing, this game does the job, No zerg rushing, just Ghandi and his mission to destroy your life and civilization. So remember to rip out and eat his heart to gain his courage, his tasty courage....
game-hours: 83.1
review: Amazing game, worth every cent.
game-hours: 695.7
review: Best game! Endless replay value!!
game-hours: 9.9
review: Excellent but very addicting game turning minutes into hours of competitive strategies of awesomeness!
game-hours: 140.0
review: A classic turn based strategy game
game-hours: 15.3
review: Man, I missed this game. So glad to get it back.
game-hours: 311.4
review: Very addictive if you like long sessions of gaming, then this is the game for you.
game-hours: 83.6
review: is good
game-hours: 887.3
review: Endless play and strategy
game-hours: 134.9
review: This game is fantastic I love strategy games and this one is great the first time I played this I loved it, the game took some time to learn how to play good but with a little effort you'll love this game I promise just expect a very long game when you try your first game, my first game lasted 3 days lull.
game-hours: 348.4
review: Killing ur time baby! But as the return, you should have a lot of fun
game-hours: 73.5
review: Most awesome turn-based strategy game :D
game-hours: 154.1
review: good game
game-hours: 831.8
review: Impressed.
game-hours: 84.0
review: This is the best game ever! In my opinion it is the best strategy game ever!
game-hours: 36.3
review: Such an addictive game with so much playability. I definitly recommend this game
game-hours: 105.1
review: Fantastic game, but be prepared for sunrise to sneak up on you when you press that 'play' button!
game-hours: 72.8
review: Nice, and easy to get going kind of Sims building game, that really keep making me coming back for more, even though if i fail miserable.
game-hours: 202.6
review: a great game
game-hours: 249.8
review: Worst Multiplayer. Stability. Ever.
game-hours: 183.7
review: AWSOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 556.4
review: Its addicting. Buy it now.
game-hours: 15.7
review: GoodGame Why you dont play it ?
game-hours: 121.7
review: A great stategy game and easy to get into! I got this game because my freinds had it and I assumed I would not enjoy it as I am not a fan of most strategy games but i wass pleasantly surprised by this game.
game-hours: 747.9
review: Hightly Recommended After nearly logging 700 hours into Civilization V & its add-ons, I say without a doubt that it is truly an amazing game. It is my most played game in my Steam libery and I have loved every single second I have played it furthermore due to the very active modding community the re-play ability of this game is endless. I would recommend this game to any one even if turn-based strategy games are not your normal choice you will pickup this game and fall in love with it.
game-hours: 115.9
review: Best game but you will lose a LOT of time.
game-hours: 96.0
review: One of the best games on PC or games period
game-hours: 128.0
review: Buggiest, glitchiest, worst optimized game i have ever played in my life, i recommend buying a hard copy of this game rather than steam, unless you like freezing, crashing and not being able to load the game litterally probably every 10 minutes. tried many fixes online, but i am unimpressed with this game. go to hell sid meier
game-hours: 2.2
review: it is a fun way to pass the time.
game-hours: 107.2
review: Loved Civ Revolutions. Love this even more!
game-hours: 547.7
review: Relatively simple gameplay, yet surprisingly addictive (hence my 385 hours of gametime logged playing it). Although a good game at launch, the two expansion packs released since do add a lot of depth to the gameplay and I would recommend purchasing the expansion packs if possible.
game-hours: 911.1
review: best game ever
game-hours: 211.6
review: I think this game is awesome
game-hours: 32.0
review: Great game
game-hours: 44.0
review: A+
game-hours: 73.6
review: YES AWSOME TO PLAY WITH FRIENDS
game-hours: 279.0
review: All of the wonders being the same every game grates on me, because I think I'll hear some campy pro player doing the pyramid rush strat and I'll get sad. That aside, It's a realy nice game. Worth every penny of its discounted price.
game-hours: 103.0
review: FUN
game-hours: 93.7
review: Very Very good game. Love all the Civ games.
game-hours: 396.6
review: Love this game. A mix of strategy, politics, bullying and trade. What more could you ask for?
game-hours: 106.1
review: Great game!
game-hours: 12.6
review: Just..one...more...turn :)
game-hours: 151.8
review: Amazing
game-hours: 718.1
review: Very good game, if you like strategy based games, than this is one for you. Very robust game with loads to explore. Would recommend to anyone.
game-hours: 14.0
review: Game has had serious problems with freezing that have not been addressed in over 3 years. I do not recommend buying this game. If you don't believe me just google civ 5 freeze. Using a computer with more than the recommended requirements, fully updated drivers, fully updated directx, etc. Game always freezes during first turn of a new game.
game-hours: 20.0
review: The most time consuming, thought provoking, unfair game I have ever played. something/10
game-hours: 200.1
review: its great
game-hours: 52.2
review: Awesome! I Love this game
game-hours: 123.1
review: GG
game-hours: 85.1
review: VERY aDDICTING
game-hours: 24.7
review: This game is awsome
game-hours: 664.6
review: It is fun, especially with my Last Man Standing Scenario mod.
game-hours: 146.8
review: Trully an astonishing work of art. Great graphics and the gameplay is just spectalur! America approves this game for children under the age of 3 :)
game-hours: 13.9
review: vurr good indeed
game-hours: 108.7
review: Play as Ghandi and Nuke the  out of everyone. Because peace and love comes in many forms.
game-hours: 159.1
review: This game is so addicting... I always find myself saying just one more turn, just one more turn. It's incredibly in depth, smooth, beautiful, and fun. So many different ways to play and win. If you like strategy games then this game is definitely worth a look.
game-hours: 38.0
review: When I fisrt played this game i though it was going to be hard and kind of boring. I WAS SO WRONG. It is not a hard game if you don't want it to be but it makes you think. This game both is complex with its realistic systems of military, constrction, science, religion, government, exploration etc. and easy to play with a good system to monitor over your empire's production and unit movement with advisors to help you along the way. Another thing i like is that each empire you play as has specific beneifits for that empire. Also, you can win this game at many approaches. Through, political, peacful negotiation or one of my favorite strategies DOMNINATION or a little bit of each whatever fits your playing style. I am now HOOKED TO THIS GAME AND I LOVE LOVE IT LOVE IT. It might seem challenging and confusing at first but once you get the hang of it, its an amazing game to play.
game-hours: 164.1
review: A great addition to the Civilization franchise
game-hours: 17.6
review: Great !
game-hours: 482.8
review: Good Game
game-hours: 624.2
review: genius smoother than civ 4.
game-hours: 135.3
review: With the addition of Brave New World, their is an added layer of complexity, but the overall rewarding gameplay is outstanding, I've sunk many a nights into this, both solo and with friends. I have run into some trouble playing over the internet and even local multiplayer, but this is most likely due to my various connections and not the game itself. One feature I would like to see implemented that doesn't exist is for the local multiplayer "Hot Seat" mode to also go online and allow multiple players locally as well as across a network.
game-hours: 137.4
review: A great game that makes you choose from a big selection of civilizations (you can also make your own) with historical leaders such as Ghengis Khan, George Washington and Julius Ceasar. Each civilization has it's own special abilities (For example, the Mongolian Empire's units will fight like at full strength even tho they're down to 1 man) and Special units (Like the German's "Panzer" tank from the industrial era. The game is massive, there are tons of things to do, such as make sure to have happiness, culture and more in your civilization, and all of this allows you to do something new. It's a game that shapes after how you play, you can bribe and go to war against other civilizations, become allies with city states or level them to the ground with an atomic bomb. So many things to do, scenarios are also great fun. Really recommend the Mongolian Empire DLC and the Danish Viking DLC (Vikings are awesome). This game let's your civilization fight with everything from wooden clubs to giant laser death robots. A-M-A-Z-I-N-G. Go get!
game-hours: 75.1
review: This game is fun
game-hours: 60.5
review: This game sucks you in. Like a black hole. A giant, scary black hole. You'll be wondering at the end of the night how several hours have passed so quickly...
game-hours: 293.1
review: This game is worth every penny I have spent on it. Would definitely Recommend to players who likes to play RTS games!
game-hours: 351.9
review: It would be perfect with less irrational IA
game-hours: 125.8
review: challenging and engaging. civilization has never missed it's mark.
game-hours: 61.6
review: Such a good game!
game-hours: 19.5
review: This game is a broken piece of , don't buy it.
game-hours: 16.8
review: I have not played very much of the game so far but as first impressions go I don't think it could have done a better job. It seems like a very well thought out game and well worth buying.
game-hours: 14.2
review: If you liked all the other Civ games, then you will not be disapointed. The depth is insane, however, single player is not where this game shines, got a friend who likes historical turn based strategy? then go for it, if not....
game-hours: 5507.7
review: Def the best CIv game i have ever played very enjoyable.
game-hours: 141.8
review: Fantastic game
game-hours: 990.4
review: Very addictive.
game-hours: 39.9
review: there's something about empire building where you largely make a handful of easy decisions,don't do a lot, and it all comes to explode in terror and misery when you finally meet another person doing pretty much the same thing. While that describes pretty much any PvP encounter, Civ 5 makes the process take dozens of hours, and seem like minutes have passed -- while you scout terrain, check farms, build culture, try to invade neighbour cities, handle revolts, build more farms, expand territory using culture, build more farms, scout new areas, build more farms, expand roads, build more farms, you get the idea. at least there's automation to help you out, but the game is all about micromanagement and expanding, to the detriment of your sanity or sleep patterns. it's addictive, fun in a way you can only imagine is bad for you, and in a way, it's something you could play forever, if only the world was large enough to do so, and your enemies weren't also trying to cut you off and invade your territories at the same time as you're trying to move 5-14 soldiers quietly into the neighbourhood without them noticing. Definitely more fun in a multiplayer setting, but really unlikely that you'd get 3 other people wanting to spend 5 hours on diplomancy or culture-appreciation, when there's just the option to build up a military after 2-3 hours and take on all sides and call it victory when the connection breaks and the game crashes.
game-hours: 19.4
review: it's fun
game-hours: 492.9
review: Best Civilization game in years. Excellent graphics. Give it a try.
game-hours: 38.8
review: Freaking awesome, period.
game-hours: 88.8
review: This is easily one of the very best turn-based strategy games. It takes all the good things from earlier iterations of the game, left out the bad parts, made a heavily addictive combination of it and even further refined the game to perfection with its two expansion packs. Absolute must-have for every strategy lover out there!
game-hours: 124.6
review: One of the most complicated, addictive, and fun games I have ever played.
game-hours: 180.3
review: Le creme of le creme
game-hours: 64.8
review: Ever felt like you want to be a king? a president? & a ruler? this game will really make you feel like it. A 10/10 strategic game for me. The Best Strategic Game Ever! This game will never make you feel bored due to its gameplay. Will make you think for hours and not a game for a no-brainer!
game-hours: 64.4
review: I like civilization series but this one the graphics on my computer are just *******
game-hours: 27.0
review: Time to waste my life playing this game. 10/10
game-hours: 20.7
review: Soul Vacuum
game-hours: 19.0
review: Playing since Civ III, The series just gets better and better
game-hours: 87.1
review: Amazing
game-hours: 1489.8
review: Although I was a big fan of 4X games from MOO/MOO2, I somehow missed out on Civilization. This summer I was fortunate enough to visit a friend and see the game in action. This account exists so that I could get this game through a great Summer Sale promotion. I wish there was a little more to do with religion and diplomacy, but this is still a fantastic overall experience - highly recommended.
game-hours: 17.0
review: really fun game!if you are interested in building towns,armies,exploring with your friends...this is a great game for you!
game-hours: 118.3
review: This is a great game, great for newbies to the strategy genre. The vanilla game is around 8/10. Now for the expansions, BUY THEM, they're GREAT. They make the game A TON better. 9.5/10
game-hours: 150.8
review: brilliant game is you like strategy games espicially if you have a day to spend creating an empire or taking others as your own . Lots of fun for hours on end and gets better with friends
game-hours: 26.9
review: good fun, long games.
game-hours: 209.7
review: Civ V, Nuff said
game-hours: 6.9
review: one of the best-if not the best- strategy games out there.a MUST have for a gamer collection !
game-hours: 92.0
review: This is a game you can get lost in. There is always just one more turn and it's so hard to resist the temptation to keep on going. It's fun, stragetic and most of all very user friendly. It's easy to get into if you've never played a turn based game. The tutorial is incredibly helpful and really goes through the fine lines of explaining everything properly.
game-hours: 101.1
review: Want a game that will keep you busy for hours, maybe not "fun" but certainly keep you busy... Buy this game. Won't say its my fav. of the Civ series, but its not bad. My issue is with the expansion packs; you pay a lot of money and it never feels like you get much overall for that money. This is one of those cases while the game I'd buy if want it, I'd hang about for a sale on the expansions, especially Brave New World as thats often more expensive then the actual game. :-/
game-hours: 65.2
review: Do it now!
game-hours: 365.7
review: its really fun to play and modding is really fun!
game-hours: 55.9
review: i like the brown leaders
game-hours: 114.6
review: Very fun strategy game.
game-hours: 79.1
review: Say goodbye to your life if you want to get this game it is the only thing you will want to do absolutely amazing strategy game
game-hours: 227.7
review: PLAY THIS GAME
game-hours: 40.5
review: Last time playing Civilization 1, now it is Civilization V. What an incredible graphic change.
game-hours: 53.7
review: Amazing game if you like strategy style gameplay
game-hours: 83.2
review: I, Ghandi, the mighty ruler of India, have crushed Russia and America, and built an amazing Space Rocket, and Utopia. In a day.
game-hours: 31.6
review: Just one more turn.
game-hours: 14.2
review: I've only played an hour of it and i already love it! but i can't quite figure out how to work the mods.
game-hours: 336.9
review: Just one more turn...
game-hours: 144.8
review: Never have I lost so much of my life to a game...
game-hours: 34.3
review: 10/10 would not sleep again
game-hours: 1.1
review: You can't play online unless you buy all the DLC, bad game. That is all.
game-hours: 145.4
review: it is one of my favorites that challenges more that just a conquoring battling but stationing religion and also city assitance besides just yours.
game-hours: 621.7
review: The best strategy game ever played. Great on Multiplayer, great on single player, I recommend definately giving it a try AT LEAST.
game-hours: 12.4
review: yyyesssss its aaaaaawwwwsommmeeeeee
game-hours: 218.0
review: I've played 19 hours in 3 days with a full time job, if that's not glowing reccomendation I don't know what is!
game-hours: 227.1
review: I have lost entire weekends to this game, and I'm perfectly fine with that. 10/10 Excellent Game
game-hours: 161.3
review: George Washington offered one of persias captured cities and all of his goods before i nuked his major cities for the 15th time.
game-hours: 149.6
review: its good
game-hours: 63.3
review: Best strategy game i have ever play!!!
game-hours: 2696.5
review: Why is it that every time a new Civilization is released, I buy it, play it, immediately dislike it compared to the predecessor, then rediscover the game a year later and realize it's awesome?! I don't know, but this game is an absolute must-own for any strategy fan. Sid Meier is a genius, and thus far every designer he has entrusted his baby (the Civilization franchise) to since Civ II has done an amazing job. Think about that. Civ 2, 3, 4 and 5 were all lead by different designers, not by Sid himself, and they've all been amazing. How often can that be said in video gaming or film?
game-hours: 111.3
review: A more comprehensive and engaging Civ experience than ever before. With the steam community churning out so many mods, Civ 5 has achieved infinite replayability. I give it a whole-hearted recommendation.
game-hours: 42.1
review: A great game hours of fun because it literly takes hours to complete a game!
game-hours: 34.8
review: Crashes frequently to desktop, never managed to finish a short game.
game-hours: 141.5
review: What?...I...sorry, I'm too busy playing Civ 5, can we do this some other time?
game-hours: 101.0
review: I played this game so much that it melted my video graphics card...it is that good.
game-hours: 214.7
review: I found it to be a great game it makes you think and is chalengeing but now so much as to make it frustrating i adsolutly recomend it for anyone who enjoys economic strategy games.
game-hours: 129.3
review: The Multiplayer option is loads of fun.. A little buggy and laggy sometimes. Use skype to laugh at each others civilisations. Stab Backs. Single Player is addicting.
game-hours: 32.6
review: 10/10
game-hours: 728.1
review: You can't play it for an hour, you'll need at least 8 hours to complete a game. You can just hop in the game, no need to have played Civ4 Addicting
game-hours: 154.0
review: One of the best games I have ever gotten my hands on. I've never played a Civilization game or any game of the game type and ended up on a 22 hour spree of "Oh my god I can't stop, this is amazing." Worth every penny.
game-hours: 52.3
review: Just. One. More. Turn.
game-hours: 2021.6
review: yes
game-hours: 342.7
review: this game drains my soul and makes my dinner always late T_T
game-hours: 161.8
review: This game is fantastic, the wierdest thing about it is that time flies by when playing it. I unknowingly played 4 hours, and I was thinking of only playing for 30 minutes. This is a very immersive and fun strategy games, and I didnt even like stragety games before I played this! I can see how this game truly grasps the best parts of strategy games and makes a masterpiece.
game-hours: 321.9
review: this game is awesome and fun and you can recreate history with a twist and it is just so amazing with the graphics and everything
game-hours: 8.1
review: Good game, definitely worth having if you have some friends to play with.
game-hours: 191.1
review: This is a rather enjoyable game in the Civilization series. I would like to see some non human empires added to it though (klingons, daileks ect). All in all a well rounded turn based strategy game.
game-hours: 101.2
review: Simple enough to get into easily, but with enough gameplay mechanics to take months to really master.
game-hours: 100.0
review: A very fun and statetrick wargame, were you also can play different
game-hours: 588.9
review: Great game that got better with each expansion.
game-hours: 15.9
review: Its a fantastic strategy game and I have spent HOURS on different pcs playing it. Highly enjoyable!!!
game-hours: 85.0
review: Great game yo
game-hours: 7.1
review: I think I liked 4 more but this game does a lot of things differently enough to make it interesting and stand on it's own. I can say that it's something you could play in parralel with theior previous sequel.
game-hours: 462.6
review: Buy. This. Game. I love it, and have nearly 300 hours played. It is addicting, and you will lose track of time and possibly your loved ones. So many things to say about this game. It's beautiful, diverse, detailed and fun! You can chose from MANY different civs and build and empire to conquer or negotiate your way to victory. Many fun achievements and easter eggs, special units and ways to win. This is my favorite strategy game!
game-hours: 100.0
review: awesome!
game-hours: 524.8
review: This game has eaten uncountable hours of my life that I can never get back. It has also polluted my mind with a false history that continues to muddle itself with reality to this day! Ghandi did nuke Bismark in 1967, right? RIGHT?
game-hours: 21.1
review: This game is absolutly AMAZING! Its complex fun and entertaining. If you start playing you wont be able to stop. i give it a 9.99/10 - The Silent
game-hours: 315.2
review: Civilization V is one of best strategy games around, it's a great game and wether your playing with friends or on you own it's fun, although the multiplayer is a bit iffy and it can be a little un realistic but alot of fun i recomend
game-hours: 672.2
review: Do I have to leave a review, do you need a review? This game is worth the play!
game-hours: 13.5
review: Yes.
game-hours: 1424.3
review: Takes up all of my time. Thousands of hours wasted. Five out of five.
game-hours: 117.1
review: Hey I recommend this game!
game-hours: 142.2
review: Best game i have ever played! Only buy if you dont mind getting addicted to games!
game-hours: 16.9
review: This game is awesome. Got it for $10 when it went on sale with all the expansions and stuff. Great buy!
game-hours: 45.7
review: Great game fun to play, this was my first civ game and i love it! shame the DLC's are so expensive... But i recommend it to anyone who is thinking of getting this game.
game-hours: 29.7
review: must have especially with brave new world.
game-hours: 40.4
review: Must have game
game-hours: 34.1
review: i love this game
game-hours: 11.9
review: It a very nice stragegy game in my opinion
game-hours: 151.0
review: This game would be awesome if the AI had a brain instead of a cheat button
game-hours: 204.0
review: Do you like stratagy games? If so, then Do Not play this! Its WAY TOO FUN!
game-hours: 73.1
review: Really coolt tactical game, that really challenges you to make some tough decisions. Where to attack, defend, what armies to build, when and where to expand. Only bummer is that the leaders (if you play single player) can be very eratic, ridiculous and dont make any sence at all. But overal a great game, heard even better along with the expansion(s). A Must have!
game-hours: 948.8
review: Been playing Civilization since the early 90's Civ 5 is the best. I have logged close to 700 hrs on Civ 5 and im still not bored!
game-hours: 416.2
review: A timeless game!
game-hours: 99.5
review: like the rest of the Civ series Civ 5 is likely responsible for reports of skipped or missing time.
game-hours: 125.1
review: ACIVILIANHASBEENCAPTUREDBYBARBARIANS!AWONDERYOUWEREBUILDINGHASBEENBUILTINAFARAWAYLAND!ACIVILIANHASBEENCAPTUREDBYBARBARIANS!AWONDERYOUWEREBUILDINGHASBEENBUILTINAFARAWAYLAND!ACIVILIANHASBEENCAPTUREDBYBARBARIANS!AWONDERYOUWEREBUILDINGHASBEENBUILTINAFARAWAYLAND!ACIVILIANHASBEENCAPTUREDBYBARBARIANS!AWONDERYOUWEREBUILDINGHASBEENBUILTINAFARAWAYLAND!ACIVILIANHASBEENCAPTUREDBYBARBARIANS!AWONDERYOUWEREBUILDINGHASBEENBUILTINAFARAWAYLAND!ACIVILIANHASBEENCAPTUREDBYBARBARIANS!AWONDERYOUWEREBUILDINGHASBEENBUILTINAFARAWAYLAND!ACIVILIANHASBEENCAPTUREDBYBARBARIANS!AWONDERYOUWEREBUILDINGHASBEENBUILTINAFARAWAYLAND!ACIVILIANHASBEENCAPTUREDBYBARBARIANS!AWONDERYOUWEREBUILDINGHASBEENBUILTINAFARAWAYLAND! FML, why do i love this game
game-hours: 94.3
review: Time is money,so DON'T play CIV
game-hours: 21.2
review: Civilization V is not, strictly speaking, a bad game, but it's unable to capture some of the raw unbridled awesomeness that the previous title in the series was able to harness. Hopefully, like Civ IV, the game will grow as expansions are released.
game-hours: 8.0
review: mmmmmmmmmm
game-hours: 253.2
review: This game is great and its better than its predecessors if and only if you get both of the expansions. Without the expansions the game is really dull and lacks depth in certain areas.
game-hours: 45.3
review: Great game, especially for passing time.
game-hours: 16.7
review: Some of the personalities in this are annoying. Like life. You can make friends with them and make enemies with others. Like life. You can burn their villages and laugh while your troops roll over their young. .. I guess still kind of like life if you are a war lord.
game-hours: 49.6
review: This game is one of the best strategy games EVER (i havent played total war shogun yet so shut up) the variety in this game is amazing and the many settings you can put in your game before you play can massively change your gameplay (in a good way.) I could play this for hours and thats good because the games are insanely long 8-16 hours long. For ONE GAME.
game-hours: 143.8
review: DO NOT PLAY UNLESS YOU DO NOT VALUE YOUR LIFE
game-hours: 132.4
review: A fantastic PC game, can't get enough of it!
game-hours: 49.7
review: fun game, really entertaining
game-hours: 16.9
review: Nice game!
game-hours: 128.3
review: I've played 1 game so far. Took 14 hours. I got second. 10/10
game-hours: 47.7
review: SO... ADDICTIVE... MUST... STOP... NEED... SLEEP
game-hours: 299.5
review: A worthy successor to the grand-daddy of the 4X genre. The Brave New World expansion really changes the game, and makes you care about city-state diplomacy in ways you never had to before.
game-hours: 48.1
review: Games can be really long, but you can also save them which is nice. Graphics are good, mid/late game you don't really notice the turn based as much unless you're with a slow moving friend. AI seems pretty smart and solid, feels like they can be cocky, submissive, ectect. Fun game.
game-hours: 48.2
review: AWESOME
game-hours: 22.3
review: Very different from its predecessor, but with the Brave New World expansion, Civ V finally comes into its own and leaves you looking forwrad to that "one more turn".
game-hours: 11.3
review: Just amazing
game-hours: 59.8
review: While not as enjoyable as Civ 4 for me, I really love Civ V. I've sunk a lot of time into it, and always come back to it every few months. If stragety is your thing, stick this in your library.
game-hours: 198.7
review: a true game to test time and create a great nation
game-hours: 258.0
review: worth the money XD. Still one of the best strategy games and definately the best game of 2012 and 2013.
game-hours: 114.2
review: In the last couple patches, Civ5 has really become a better game. It's launch was shaky and unbalanced, but almost all of my initial complaints have been addressed. There's no better time to jump in and go for one...more...turn.
game-hours: 209.0
review: I never played Civ 4, but Civ 3 was grueling and slow, killing your desire to leave the house. Civ 5 is the same, but man, it moves more smoothly. I'm sure you could play a game in half the time, and have a better time. Turns are streamlined, multiplayer is reasonably fast and stable, and there is a great deal of depth to the game, particularly with the expansions. Fighting can drag multiplayer game speed down and science seems to be far and away the best strategy, but this game has lasting top 10 Steam power because of the depth and the awesome multiplayer.
game-hours: 778.7
review: Great game.
game-hours: 330.1
review: A darn good game.
game-hours: 104.2
review: Once you start playing this game you can't put it down. VERY ADDICTING. Cool stradegy and fun multiplayer!
game-hours: 86.0
review: epic
game-hours: 37.2
review: One of the most fun and amazing multiplayer games I've ever played
game-hours: 56.6
review: A classic turn based strategy game that tests your wits. From Barbarian raids to full scale wars, and from Warriors to Giant Death Robots, Civilization 5 will test you in every way imaginable. I highly recommend this game.
game-hours: 39.0
review: Amazing Game
game-hours: 30.2
review: Time... what is time!? It was 7am and now it's 1am.
game-hours: 0.8
review: Thanks Sid. Thid.
game-hours: 35.0
review: If deep, complex, but rewarding and intricate strategy games are your jam, this game is a must have. If you don't like strategy or slow games, this is not the game for you! This is meant for you folks who don't like time limits and just shooting at whatever is in front of you. This is for those of you who will take the VERY long time necessary to learn to play a game llike this.
game-hours: 52.1
review: Amazing!
game-hours: 7.7
review: Civilization has always been a god tier style conquest game. Unfortunately Civilization IV added a cartoony feeling that ruined the concept entirely. Now comes Civilization V, all the goods thing found in III and IV combined with an awesome graphics overhaul. 5/5
game-hours: 404.4
review: Amazing game, the expansions make it entirely different however ;).
game-hours: 43.8
review: Sure it's fun...when you're able to learn how to play... It'd be pretty helpful if the in-game system gave you more tips on how to navigate and place things around. This game will take hours away from your life...whether it could be bad or good.
game-hours: 2.1
review: hjm
game-hours: 29.9
review: amazing game, missed the civ games after years n this shows they are getting better. spend hours playing a single match n will gladly play more
game-hours: 251.8
review: Awesome time eating game, fun to play with friends.
game-hours: 160.2
review: Genial jocul!111
game-hours: 27.4
review: Its a really addictive game!
game-hours: 21.7
review: addicting
game-hours: 227.9
review: There comes a point in every man's life where he wants to start an empire from the ground up. For some reason this was never possible. But ill be damned if it isn't now. I have become addicted to this game. Nice modding community. Tons of replayability. 9.5/10
game-hours: 286.9
review: Ensure you have plenty of time before playing. It's the type of game that once you decide to stop playing, and look outside and wonder why it now appears to be morning already.
game-hours: 47.6
review: This game is like Crack! somebody help me! :(
game-hours: 300.8
review: this is a very good game its nice and peacefull too
game-hours: 63.5
review: Played for 5 minutes, stopped when i was starving, 12 hours had gone by.
game-hours: 219.4
review: One of the few games in my life to actually get me addicted, in a good way. So engaging, you won't even notice the hours fly by!
game-hours: 55.3
review: wedrftgyhui
game-hours: 61.7
review: Addicting as hell...well worth your money :D
game-hours: 194.8
review: as all Sid Meier's Games, CIV V and its expansions are amazing. You will play this game for TONS of hours and never see everything it has to offer. All games are unique and the game is never boring. a modern classic and a must buy . Rate 9 of 10.
game-hours: 1501.0
review: The best entry in the series yet!
game-hours: 28.4
review: Only time you will ever say "Yes. I finally killed Gandhi!"
game-hours: 8.5
review: Fun game, difficult to learn but once you do it's alot of fun
game-hours: 90.7
review: A really really addicting game, it's a strategy game just like a board game. I got it two days ago and I've got 23 hours played already :D
game-hours: 24.5
review: I really like Civilization 5, it has some features that is better than previous Civilizations, but there is some of the old features that would have been nice to have in this version, like the animated advisors to name one. But i would recommend this game to anyone who loves to play strategy games.
game-hours: 188.8
review: Best PC game ever
game-hours: 150.6
review: Have a life? Tired of it? Get this game. No more life. Problem solved.
game-hours: 304.1
review: Be aware this game can be extremely addictive, also note the fact that this game can take up lots of playing time which is a dangerous mix. Apart from the temporary beginners addiction this game is brilliant, there are a huge amount of things to experiment with. The developers find somewhat of a good balance between in game capabilities of you and your Civ and managed to not overload new players with excessive amount of options and things to manage. The beauty of it is you can always set up your match the way it suits you and chose when you want to get involved in more complex mechanics. If you like any kind of strategy whether it'd be subtle, casual and slow or fast and intense this game will provide. Civ 5 will make you think, laugh and bask in the sheer power it can make you feel. 8/10
game-hours: 54.0
review: This is a awesome game ever!!!
game-hours: 15.9
review: Really addicting and complex game.
game-hours: 36.5
review: Solid game, especially with the new Gods & Kings pack.
game-hours: 289.6
review: Civ V: A game of choices. Will you be a massacre. A dipolmat. A cultural genius. You can build your own empire and make it survive for 1000s of years. However i recommend you get the expansions they are ideal.
game-hours: 42.7
review: I highly suggest you get this game, it is extremly fun to play with alot of friends.
game-hours: 214.4
review: One of the best strategy games I've ever played. Just start and you never stop playing.
game-hours: 175.5
review: I started playing this when I was 19 and didn't leave my computer for anything. I've only just finished my first game and it appears the human race has been whiped from the face of the planet and the seamonkeys now control the planet. Great game.
game-hours: 20.4
review: who dosent want to rulle the world?
game-hours: 47.7
review: The game has good qualitys and challenges you
game-hours: 143.9
review: Brilliant Game, tactically makes for a true iteration of the Civilization series. A wonderful game all round.
game-hours: 105.7
review: Best Civ game ever
game-hours: 216.9
review: Civilization V, or Civilisation V iz a game zimulating the effectz of underpowered mongolz and ghandi with nuclear capabilitiez. All in all I would zay that it effectively portrayed the ebbz and flowz of the rize and fall of human civilisationz az a whole. Though I would have liked to zee a longer Clazzical Antiquity or Medieval verzion. Godz and Kingz may have expanded zome of the mechanicz but it waz not enough to reprezent the time period. Perhapz adding in zome politicz like Cruzader Kingzll would help. The DLC waz well zised and worth the money. The only down zide waz the encycolpedia, it waz a bit of a mase. A muzt by.
game-hours: 105.5
review: still haveant met sid meiers
game-hours: 30.8
review: if you give somone 1000 gold they go to war against your country dont give strangers gold kids
game-hours: 49.1
review: I love this game.
game-hours: 215.5
review: Get Brave New World if you want to experience this game like it should be
game-hours: 34.3
review: This is the most addictive game i've ever played. Anyone who wants to rule the world NEEDS THIS GAME!!!!
game-hours: 95.6
review: Very fun to play, Endless replayability, amazing DLC, decent multiplayer, and it usually never gets boring
game-hours: 491.2
review: AMAZING GAME!
game-hours: 12.7
review: iF YoU lIKE a  In youR  tHIS Is YOur GaME.
game-hours: 113.4
review: This game is frickng awesome. It's well worth the money, and you save a lot if you buy the gold edition. It's crazy.
game-hours: 228.1
review: Loses a lot of the intelligence from Civ IV, but a great Civilization game nonetheless. Much more approachable and easy to understand. Perfect for listening to podcasts or killing time.
game-hours: 38.0
review: Nothing like crushing Ghandi's army and being mates with Gengis Khan. 20/10
game-hours: 106.8
review: Enjoy waiting
game-hours: 22.3
review: do not buy you will nover se day light again
game-hours: 135.7
review: It's deep. It's captivating. It's made me neglect husband, children, home and work. I love it.
game-hours: 1106.2
review: 1- Alexander is an as*hole; 2- Never give anything to Gandhi; 3- Napoleon is an as*hole; 3- You will never be friend of Elizabeth. 10/10
game-hours: 56.2
review: This game saved my marriage.
game-hours: 319.6
review: this is a wonderfull based strategy game
game-hours: 161.4
review: Very well done, Good soundtrack, good gameplay. Many countries to choose from.
game-hours: 187.2
review: Great Game!
game-hours: 242.3
review: I highly suggest you get the gameplay enhancement DLC's for Civilization V. Do not just buy the raw game. Wait for all of them to go on sale as a package then buy them. I'm a Civ Fanatic and I have been since the 90s. It is the heroin of games. You will play it past the night and into the MORNING before you realize the time. The mod community is huge and the options you have to playing a game are immense. However even though it has an absurd amount of depth, it can also be played very casually with a helping holding hand from the game itself for new players.
game-hours: 41.7
review: YAY!
game-hours: 169.7
review: Exellent game for TBS gamers.
game-hours: 283.5
review: Quite literally the best game I have ever played. Hours upon hours of replayablity, and an amazing turn based system of play. I haven't even bought the Brave New World or Gods and Kings DLC packs, and I still find myself going back to this game when I need something to do. 10/10
game-hours: 52.0
review: Time simply flies away.
game-hours: 14.0
review: I bought it 'b'cause it was on sale. And then I forgot how much I suck at strategy games.
game-hours: 127.6
review: great game
game-hours: 45.7
review: Better than some of the previous, but it seems that some of the code performance has deteriorated assuming this game will be played on a better than average machine.
game-hours: 32.0
review: The best turn based empire-building strategy game you will find. Using a dynamic design engine, countless hours are used building a perfect nation ruled by you. With military units, from Warriors armed with wooden clubs to Giant Death Robots powered by immense stocks of uranium, there is never a shortage of interesting battles for your ammusement. Culture points, which develop borders and great pieces of cultural work, along with dynamic diplomatic negotiations between nations, help to balance out the militaristic characteristics of the game. An essential game for any gamer.
game-hours: 1713.2
review: 11/10. While I do have gripes with the game ands could bring them up here, I didn't have them until I had 1000 hours already logged. Civ V is truly a masterpiece.
game-hours: 16.8
review: Its a very addicting and fun game, eventhough it keeps crashing on every 5 mins. I don't no if its because i have a windows 8 or what but i still recommend it to any and everybody out there.
game-hours: 207.7
review: This game is great if you like turn-based strategy. By far one of my favorite games on Steam!
game-hours: 407.3
review: It's a very in-depth strategy, and tactics game with a lot of different possible outcomes, the most common one being world wars and nukes and sieges. It takes a little while to get used to, but when you do, it's amazing. Overall I'd rate it a 9.5 out of 10. The only thing keeping it out of a perfect 10 is for me it takes FOREVER to join multiplayer lobbies. Otherwise it's a superb investment.
game-hours: 107.0
review: Like they took all the good things out of Civ 4 and made a game from what was left. Don't wast you money.
game-hours: 168.1
review: A brilliant game to waste hours of your life on!
game-hours: 15.3
review: I Obama approve of this Game, G.
game-hours: 44.8
review: Very good game, but the time flies.
game-hours: 12.8
review: it is awesome
game-hours: 533.9
review: Three words, "One more turn".
game-hours: 372.8
review: Extremely fun, challenges even the best strategizers, ADDICTIVE! get it!
game-hours: 418.6
review: Great game
game-hours: 157.1
review: It's a great game, if you're not familiar with the series check out youtube first. It's a real time sink.
game-hours: 86.6
review: Invaded Russia in the winter and died 10/10
game-hours: 38.7
review: Wow
game-hours: 987.3
review: So I bought this game when I got home from work because of the Steam sale, and I thought, "Oh, I'll just play a few rounds and see how it works, get used to it, etc." .........aaaaand now it's 3 am. *facepalm*
game-hours: 45.4
review: This game is among the likes of Portal 2 and Farcry 3 as games I would say you must own if you are a PC Gamer. You start out as a ancient civilization which each have their own stats such as producing more gold in turn or progessing faster. In the world there are other countries which you can trade with and befriend or try to flatten them in war. Also smaller city states like Vatican City and Budapest you could befriend so they will join you in war or you could take them over and annex them as your own city. Another cool mechanic is you can not see the other countries when you spawn adding excitement whenever you find something new. You could play single-player or multi-player both are very fun. This game does how ever move rather slow and can not be sped up and a very rare amount of times your soldiers will not move to the selected area or will take a longer route to it. With massive replayability, Steam Workshop compatibilty, and many different world options this game gets a solid 9/10.
game-hours: 150.2
review: Do you like to play AWESOME GAMES?!?!?!?!?! Then buy this game, right now. Go. Shoo.
game-hours: 141.3
review: Just one more turn... okay one more... Well, just one more turn...
game-hours: 290.2
review: The Best Civ game I have ever played is really good... a little to many achivements but awesome anyway.
game-hours: 403.7
review: This game really blew me away. It was very easy to get into at a begginers level and begin to play, without overwhelming me with information. However as I progressed in my skill, it always offered new challenges and opertunities for victory. This has led to almost infinite replayabikity and I have spend many a sleepless night trying to conquer the world. Highly reccomended to anyone who enjoys strategy games of any kind or who just wants to take out thier rage on the civilizations of history. 10/10
game-hours: 122.6
review: Great game, infinite replay value. I highly recommend!
game-hours: 50.7
review: Civ 5 is very addicting because you all ways think "one more turn then I'll save and quit," but like 100 turn later your still thinking that. Overall very fun. One problem is you don't get the "Brave New World" DLC in the golden addition which disappointed me.
game-hours: 118.9
review: holy . this game ruined my life. 5 stars
game-hours: 80.2
review: The best strategy game ever created. Period.
game-hours: 67.1
review: It's basically Civilization 4, only now with shiny graphics and less  to do.
game-hours: 46.4
review: great game to play when u just wanna stay home and stay away from the crowd in town.
game-hours: 62.6
review: Everything in Civ V is prettier than past versions. Not saying that that is a good thing though. I've played well over 500 hours of Civ IV. I can't really seeing myself play this THAT much. Religion and Espionage arent very intuitive nor is the defense of religion. The social policy trees are neat but feel almost too Monty Hall. In Civ IV if you changed from one policy to another you lost its benefits. Civ V you maintain all previously accomplished policies. Moving a massive army across continents is slow and cumbersome and takes away from the game play. I still like the game, but this is not the Civilization Ive been playing since Civ 2. Update: January 5th, 2014. I haven't played this game since I wrote this. I love this series, but this game just let me down so much.
game-hours: 104.9
review: Ever played any of the old Civ games? If you did and you liked them, get this one! It's the best one I've played since the classic Civ II. By far one of my most worthwhile purchases.
game-hours: 91.9
review: I love strategy based games, and this is by far the most fun.
game-hours: 17.0
review: Freaking Gandhi -,-
game-hours: 762.9
review: This is absolutely one of the easiest ways to kill all your time ever. You will not notice that you are busting for the bathroom, incredibly impoverished and destructively sleepy until you finally stop playing this game. It is simply brilliant.
game-hours: 55.4
review: Civilization V is one of these games that can eat time like no others. I fell into Civilization many years ago with the first game, and follow them without failing ever since, with never a bit of regret.
game-hours: 55.4
review: Civilization V is one of these games that can eat time like no others. I fell into Civilization many years ago with the first game, and follow them without failing ever since, with never a bit of regret.
game-hours: 307.7
review: Hours just dissapear
game-hours: 421.3
review: Civ series has kept my closet megalomania content all these years....
game-hours: 87.4
review: Remaketh history in thy own name! "My liege they are taking have taken Jerusalem!" No worries, send them our holy nuclear bombs in the name of science! Good game, pretty fun. Many hours. Very many. Huuuu
game-hours: 156.2
review: For those who loves 4X games. this will make you spend time. not a game that you can play forever. but this game wont make you sleepy... for those people who need to turn their day/night time cycle... then I recomend this!
game-hours: 52.1
review: An excellent game, actually is a LOT of fun to play with friends. Vast range of civilisations with the DLC's and many ways to win. Build Your empire and expand quicker than the rest, Look ot for pesky barbarians and always stay ahead. Wage wars or make allies whatever you choose is up to you. That's what i like about this game, the choices you make affect your present status in game and your future. Only negative... DlC's are extremely expensive costing as much as the game.
game-hours: 179.3
review: Best multiplayer ever. We do not need stability, only bugs, only hardcore!
game-hours: 97.0
review: this is a good game if you like turn based games and like building your own empire taking down others to gain different endings
game-hours: 209.2
review: On se vaan helvetin kova naksuttelu.
game-hours: 1.8
review: This game has countless hours of play in it and will never become boring! 10/10
game-hours: 15.9
review: My only qualm is that this game is far too addicting. 5 minutes turns into 5 days really fast.
game-hours: 22.0
review: This is a really great game 10/10
game-hours: 127.2
review: As adictive as Civ 2 and has better rules and graphics. I still miss the live-action advisors, however, and the advisors in this game are pretty useless. That said, buy it and kiss multiple nights goodbye.
game-hours: 64.3
review: One of the best games I have played. All the expansions make it even better. It mixes the hardcore and hard parts of the previews games with a more "easy" and accesable new things in 5. Is not in anyway easier or dumbed down. just made in a way so its faster to understand but still takes ages to master. GET IT
game-hours: 887.4
review: One of the most addictive games ever. Beautifuly made with great graphics and superb playability. Many different settings available make Civ V challenging even after thousands of hours spent in it. Just a little slight improvements would make this game perfect. Rating: 9.5/10
game-hours: 93.6
review: alsome game to play loved every second of the game
game-hours: 14.5
review: Yeah sure why not right no wrong. Or left.
game-hours: 49.3
review: Get this when its on sale. But not stand alone 8/10
game-hours: 97.5
review: If you love strategy games and have 50 hours to waste, buy this game.
game-hours: 618.6
review: While vanilla Civilization V was a solid entry to the venerable series, the expansion Brave New World really makes the game shine. I'd go as far to say that Civ V: Brave New World is a contender for best game expansion of 2013. The expansion reinvents how culture works in Civ V and offers more interesting gameplay choices when it comes to trading and diplomacy. The only real criticism you could make is that they should've had these in the game in the first place! But that's just the way it is with Civ expansions isn't it? :)
game-hours: 479.7
review: A simple learning curve allows series newbies to be able to pick up the game and enjoy it, while a host of new features will keep Civ veterans engrossed for hours. Also, the DLC's are something to pick up, they introduce game transforming elements that make it feel like this is Civ 6.
game-hours: 53.5
review: Global Political Crack Cocaine. I nuked Sweden and dropped a giant robot in China. 10/10
game-hours: 135.0
review: Top notch game.
game-hours: 188.2
review: Really fun strategy game, highly recommend it
game-hours: 186.7
review: Intricate and customizable, the foundation of the game is solid and replayability long. The multiplayer is a touch cumbersome though.
game-hours: 44.1
review: It's one of those games where it's worth getting the DLC. That's not always a good thing. Aside from that the gameplay is addictive. From my experience the multiplayer is laggy but don't go by that it could be just me. This is a must for ppeople who enjoy strategy games and it also facilitates people new to this sort of thing.
game-hours: 139.8
review: With the multiple dlc the game offers its able to keep us from leaving for other Strategy games. Games are never the same to me and I keep enjoying it even when I get smashed by the AI. looking foward to Civ VI
game-hours: 189.4
review: Fantastic game!!! I've spend countless more hours than my hectic study schedule allows for!! Love it!
game-hours: 48.5
review: Great game! Not for people with a short antention span.
game-hours: 46.4
review: OVER 50 AWARDS FOR "BEST STRATEGY GAME". IT WORTH ALL THE MONEY!!!
game-hours: 58.0
review: an exellent game, one of the best that I have ever played. now stop reading this and buy it!!!
game-hours: 125.2
review: Love this game, but Brave New World dlc is needed.
game-hours: 536.1
review: Much loved =)
game-hours: 11.6
review: One of the best strategy games i have played in a long time i would get it if you are a big fan of strategy 9/10
game-hours: 204.2
review: Quite enjoyable if you like turn-based strategic gameplay
game-hours: 1517.1
review: Great game for strategy lovers with an in-depth system covering diplomacy, trade, science, social policy, traditional warfare, culture, religion and even espionage. With mods it becomes even better with more in-depth diplomacy, larger technology trees and expanded social policies. Cons: Large maps and long games result in a large drop in gameplay response and speed even on newer systems. A few glitches with the new trade system and mod interface. 7/10
game-hours: 322.3
review: Great game must buy if you like strategy games.
game-hours: 360.2
review: This Game is the pinnacle of strategy, just the feel alone of controlling an entire empire rises above all else. I must say some areas of the game could be improved like the ai but if you get bored of many subjects in the game there is always mods to think about. DLC is also something to think about, even though its the price of the game i feel that it adds many more hours to the game and is worth the money. I've been playing this since it came out and im still enjoying it, with many civilisations and playstyles to choose from Sid Meiers Civilisation 5 is the complete turn based strategy game. 9/10
game-hours: 188.1
review: One a scale of 1-10 I'd give it a 9; It is a great game overall, but it doesn't account for the little things that make history dynamic, such as internal revolutions creating brand new nations, and it could use a bit more in the diplomacy, no removal, just addition.
game-hours: 78.4
review: Very well made game. Still the best of its kind after several years and is a fun new experience every time you play. Good game at improving your micromanaging skills as well as macro.
game-hours: 433.6
review: Civ V, visually more attractive than previous civs, seems not as immersive and deep. The addition of ranged units that can attack across multiple tiles is nice, the city states and barbarians are interesting. Definitely worth picking up this game if you catch it on sale, but when it's at full price, stick with previous versions.
game-hours: 21.2
review: gahndi takes over the world V
game-hours: 28.3
review: a lot of fun to play. Warning though time will fly while playing this game
game-hours: 70.7
review: Worth every penny
game-hours: 83.7
review: In my opinion the best strategy game out there. A must own!!!
game-hours: 87.7
review: It is as good as they say. My fav Civ II, actually. I am not entirely in love with how picking a government is set up (it is a bit too gamey, in a way, and you dont have the sense of being anything in particular) but the rest on the game is pure gold.
game-hours: 421.0
review: TERRA NOVUM ET CAELUM A DEO DEO DESCEDENTEM A DEO
game-hours: 156.0
review: A must buy for all strategy nerds.
game-hours: 183.3
review: Grand-Strategy Game that consumes more of your hours than is healthy. "Just one more turn" easily turns into 5 hours. Not for people looking for a quick-and-dirty strategy game like Starcraft.
game-hours: 31.9
review: I could easily lose my entire life to Civ. Makes for strange conversations trying to explain to people whats happening, so worth it.
game-hours: 293.5
review: Easy to pick up and play. Strategy is fun and intuitive and the persona of the characters bring the game a lot of depth. Easily a game you can sink 100+ hours into without even trying.
game-hours: 257.9
review: a competative,fun,addictive game good for competative players and good for people that have loads time to spare id recommend this to anyone who is into building an econamy up and loves controlling units
game-hours: 1.3
review: timbuctu
game-hours: 47.3
review: Hours of fun and countless reasons to play again and again.
game-hours: 109.3
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V, known to the community as "civ 5" is in my opinion one of the top five games I have ever played. It has the perfect amount of strategy and depth. Civ 5 gives you hours of enjoyment, and will bring you a giddyness undescribable by human emotions and words. If you are waffeling with the desision. Buy. This. Game.
game-hours: 106.9
review: Absolutly Amazing!
game-hours: 135.5
review: Best game ever buy buy buy
game-hours: 30.6
review: This game IS a must have. I heard that from everyone and never really realized the truth behind those words until I recieved the game as a Christmas gift from one of my buddies. This game is truly amazing and I cannot sing it's praises enough. Sure, it IS slow and rather relaxed, but even with all of the dull-paced games I can honestly say that I was never bored. All of the posatives are enhanced tri-fold when you play this with a few friends. A four or two pack would be nice. I reccommend this to anyone looking for something new or a change of pace.
game-hours: 603.8
review: This game is amazing! I recommend it for anyone who enjoys stratedgy games, it is one of the best ever made.
game-hours: 155.2
review: the game is so rewarding if you put the effort into it. great game totaly worth the cost.
game-hours: 138.3
review: Just one more turn.. One more.. One.. And then you lose about 5 days of your life. Worth.
game-hours: 92.0
review: THIS GAME IS AMAZBALLZ
game-hours: 139.2
review: This is an amazing strategy game thats fun and will always be challenging your skills
game-hours: 143.7
review: This is a game that is easy to come back to on those quiet nights. Every play through is different because of all the combinations of ways to win. This is especially fun in multiplayer but turns can start to take a really long time as the game progresses.
game-hours: 278.1
review: A fun game without the expansion Gods and Kings, but with it, it becomes one of the best turn based strategy games ever made. Fun in multiplayer or singleplayer, easy to run and max out. It also has a bevy of fantastic mods, all easy to install with the Steam Workshop.
game-hours: 28.9
review: Fantastic addition to the series.
game-hours: 91.5
review: Great fun once you understand the core mechanics
game-hours: 152.8
review: This is easily a step up from previous Civ games. Pros: New hex-shaped tiles are interesting, and provide a new dimension. Although some don't like the stacking of units, I think it's a great concept. It gets me thinking about range, movement speed, and priorities.Graphics are fine for a strategy games. I personally love how the leaders sound, and it's how I would picture it. Steam Workshop is always great, and I love downloading new content/maps. Interface is easy to navigate, and tells you all your prompts(usually). Easily adjusted settings. Cons: Multiplayer is lacking, and feels kind of clunky. Sometimes, the game says I'm done, but then reverts me back to units, which is annoying. Also, there is very little difference in the AI from 1-5, then a sharp increase in skill at 6-10. Some Civ's are a little weighted, but that's history, and it's possible to win with any of them if you're smart enough. Learning curve can be stiff if you've never played a simillar game.
game-hours: 179.4
review: This game is a gift from the heavens and at the same time an addiction buy this game, but do not get sucked into it or you'll be up till 4 in the morning every night, with your girlfriend breaking up with your mom disowning you and the italian mob hunting you down HEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEELPPPPPP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ME jk but do buy this game by the way
game-hours: 85.4
review: Solid.
game-hours: 84.2
review: This is the best strategy game omg so good
game-hours: 48.5
review: This game is funky cold medina.
game-hours: 707.4
review: decent game to play when you are bored  of playing everything else. not as good as the previous civ game
game-hours: 30.2
review: really good game its nice to build an empire from the start
game-hours: 296.5
review: Very fun, if not addicting game to play with friends over LAN or Internet! Totally buy it.
game-hours: 190.6
review: Really Fun.
game-hours: 159.3
review: +5
game-hours: 66.4
review: 100 prcint CoD ccccccclown 000/69l0l w8st o fmunie
game-hours: 455.8
review: The Brave New World adds a lot to cultural victory and make attaining a diplomatic victory much more enjoyable. The game still bogs down at end game with large maps and/or players. Multiplayer stability is a bit better, but it still does suffer from desync issues, but manages to recover fairly well. I have personally not suffered from any multiplayer complete crashes in this expansion pack. This is one of the best turn-based strategy games available. Well worth the purchase if you don't mind many hours envolved in game-play.
game-hours: 572.5
review: i love the game ive playedb 140 hours of it in 1 month
game-hours: 149.8
review: its a awesome game! good way to kill some time
game-hours: 95.2
review: This game is crack.
game-hours: 164.1
review: The greatest time vortex ever. Start playing and when you next look at the clock many hours have gone....
game-hours: 2633.6
review: Honestly, I've played a stupid amount of this game. Seriously, a stupid amout. Nearly 500 hours of playing (it says almost 2000, but I tend to leave my computer on). This is the type of game for people who have a decent brain and a good amount of time on their hands. Yes, multiplayer could be improved a bit, but this is definitely one of my top ten favorite single-player games of all time (up there with Simcity 4 [not 5. we do not speak of that one], Kerbal Space Program, any Paradox strategy game, Star Wars Battlefront, etc.). This is, in my opinion, an essential game to have if you own Steam. Unless you don't have money. If I were to "Metascore" it, Civ 5 would be a 94 with the two major expansion packs.
game-hours: 151.2
review: One of the best games I've played
game-hours: 481.1
review: Rule the world!!!
game-hours: 164.5
review: Civilization has long been one of my favorite franchises, ever since I played the first one as a kid. They went through a weak period with III, but IV was great and V is the best entry in the series yet.
game-hours: 173.4
review: Love the game. Glad my computer can actually play it. Might use some free time to play this again. :)
game-hours: 651.8
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V is an awesome improvement to the previous versions for long-time fans, but also has opened the door greatly for those that have not had the chance to play this line of games before. This is definitely one to check out!
game-hours: 667.3
review: By far my favorite game
game-hours: 161.6
review: This game has all that you could want without feeling pretencious. Get it.
game-hours: 1513.1
review: Because nothing says 'Historically Accurate' like Norweigan Ski Infantry fighting Hunnic musketmen deep within the jungles of South America!
game-hours: 33.5
review: its good but you will end up playing it for like 15 hours straight
game-hours: 517.2
review: I have spent the most hours on this game. A game that I  for. It is so lovely when you nuke the enemys capital, and when you go on super easy so you just dominate just for the hell of it. If you dont like this game, you havent played it or given it a real try.
game-hours: 72.3
review: This Game is one of my all-time favorites.
game-hours: 269.6
review: This game is simply a must have for all people who have steam.
game-hours: 73.1
review: Amazing strat game!
game-hours: 20.5
review: I'll be going to bed soon honey! Just one more turn!
game-hours: 55.2
review: It's the epitome of patrician
game-hours: 285.7
review: One of the best Civilization Game so far!!
game-hours: 24.7
review: :)
game-hours: 86.5
review: fun, but prepare to lose hours upon hours of time
game-hours: 18.6
review: Brilliant game, got it on the steam sale.
game-hours: 1361.9
review: Really fun even if you aren't a fan of strategy. I'm not really a fan of strategy and I adore this game!
game-hours: 342.6
review: Such a good game, so worth the money!
game-hours: 51.4
review: Lots of different ways to win, which keeps it varied. But who can resist the ever popular 'burn everything to the ground' approach?
game-hours: 25.0
review: amazing game :D
game-hours: 5.5
review: this game is the best! It is one of the best stratigy games of all times. I highly recomed buying it.
game-hours: 83.3
review: At first it can be a little confusing but once you get the hang of it it's pretty addictive.
game-hours: 194.7
review: Great game with nearly all of the features you love thinking about the classic Civilization and many improvements.
game-hours: 277.8
review: A streamlined Civ4 minus the stack of doom. Civ5 is the best of the old with the new. 10/10 especially if you have all of the DLC and expansions which balance the game mechanics.
game-hours: 242.6
review: It's not a game. It's a time capsule.
game-hours: 112.3
review: Civ 5 is an amazing game, once you start a game you will want to finish. I started as Britain and over a few thousand years I had managed to be hated by the whole world, This is when I decided to strike. I started with India demolishing there country and army with my huge force of advanced soldiers, war in Civ is quite tactical and requires planning; I started by surrounding the border with my army and naval force and then when my army is together I launch the attack and overwhelm the opponents army. I conquer India and proceed onto more countries. I managed to destroy every country in the world except America and Ethiopia when I decided I had spent way too long on the game! :D 9.5/10
game-hours: 389.9
review: This game is a Must have... It. Is. Amazing.
game-hours: 138.2
review: A fun, strategic game with simple to set up multiplayer and so many different ways a game could go, from peacefull days to nuclear apocalypse, its one of the greatest games to play!
game-hours: 440.2
review: It's ok
game-hours: 70.6
review: The best series of all time as always in good shape. It's my favorite and the worst game ever... why ? Because I'v lost so much time playing this game ^_^
game-hours: 2111.4
review: Best game ever. This game is the reason my children barely have a father.
game-hours: 249.9
review: This game is great for people that love strategy!
game-hours: 47.9
review: Really fun, and interesting game.
game-hours: 15.9
review: Its good effing game, GET IT NOW!!!!! :)
game-hours: 45.0
review: Best strategy game ever
game-hours: 44.5
review: it is brilliant stategy game
game-hours: 1279.7
review: Even though its said I've played something like 400 hours I promise you that isn't true I just end up leaving it on overnight a lot.
game-hours: 157.7
review: I was never a fan of the Civilization series, having always leaned toward the RTS stlye reminiscent of AOE or EE rather than what I used to think was the slow, boring plod of a turn-based strategy title. But Civ 5 has truly made me a believer in the power of this franchise and the dev team behind it. The traditional problem with startegy games is that they get old relatively quickly. I mean, how many ways can you really amass an army and conquer the world with it? Civ 5 brings new life to the strategy genre by delicately tying actions to true consequence. Civ 5 can be played on many different levels- all of them with unique and rewarding challenges. Can you conquer the world with military might without forming deep bonds among your rivals who together, have the power to destory you? Can you conquer the world through diplomacy without ever having a single soldier set foot on foreigh soil? Can the power of your wealth wear down even the most resourceful empire until they are begging you for loans? Or will your culture and religion convert even the coldest of rivals into allies as the centuries wear on? The possibilities are exhaustive, the gameplay exciting and new, and the maps offered are broad and diverse. This is a game that would literally take a lifetime to play out each of the distinct scenarios offered by the culture you choose, the map type, and the victory conditions. The one caveaut that I would warn any would-be buyer to pay attention to is this: You almost have to have the expansions to fully enjoy this game. Each expansion adds an element not found in the vanilla package that truly makes this game whole. Two thumbs up, an absolute MUST OWN for the strategy gamer out there!
game-hours: 470.3
review: Took a while to get used to as this game is quite different from its predecessor; however, I felt that this is one of the best ever in the series.
game-hours: 104.0
review: Laid back, slow-pased strategy game. It's a bit of a combination between the board games: Risk, and Colonists of Catan. For me it's the ideal game to pass a weekend where you just don't feel like getting away from your computer. Even if it's still 30 euro's. Very much worth it.
game-hours: 222.6
review: This game is amazing
game-hours: 185.4
review: One of my favorite games of is kind
game-hours: 72.7
review: I recommend Civ 5. Yeah, initially I was skeptical. "zomg they simplified Civ 5 you s!" But honestly? A lot of that was simply fat trimmed from a swaggering, bloated cow. The core game has needed a rather serious refactoring, particularly military units which Civ 5 addresses. Not perfectly, mind you, but I like the direction it is taking. And yes I know it's Civ V not Civ 5, but that just sounds like some kind of disparaging slang. YOU CIVVIE!
game-hours: 307.1
review: 200 hours in and I still keep coming back. The base game is decent, but the real fun is with the Gods and Kings and Brave New World expansion packs.
game-hours: 75.2
review: is alright
game-hours: 13.8
review: Not significantly different from Civ4 and a surprising profusion of rough edges for a AAA titlea disappointment.
game-hours: 1.2
review: Very enjoyable and flawless game that is a perfect time sink. Defo buy if you have the chance too.
game-hours: 50.1
review: AWESOME
game-hours: 114.3
review: the 4x strategy game against which all others are compared. Achievements are buggy, so if you are an achievement hunter, you will be dissappointed. You do not always receive the earned achievements. If you use the mods, you will get no achievements whatsoever.
game-hours: 219.0
review: Sid Meiers have my babies.
game-hours: 170.8
review: This game is addicting it turns someone who hated turn based strategy games into an addict of them and its amazing...Might want to not start a game of it before you go to bed because you will stay up all night and play it this is a VERY long game but I recommend it to everyone! It also is steam workshop enabled so that means you can mod it up and play on the same maps as tamriel in elder scrolls and the lands in the lord of the rings! Giant Death Robot nuff said
game-hours: 29.6
review: This game is better than real life.
game-hours: 35.5
review: This is a great turn by turn strategy game. Build your empire, by brute strength or push for diplomacy. With all the add ons and mods, there are hours upon hours that could be spent enjoying this game. My only issue, is with the constant crashing on Apples OS. Otherwise, I would highly recoomend it.
game-hours: 482.9
review: THis is an awesome, strategic game.
game-hours: 324.9
review: New expansion pack adds many new elements to the game keeping it fresh. Love this game, highly recommend!
game-hours: 164.7
review: Japan denounced me after I helped him start a world war. 10/10
game-hours: 196.6
review: Don't be put off by turn-based strategy, it really is an egaging game
game-hours: 115.0
review: Once I started I couldn't stop.
game-hours: 27.2
review: The world is full of Mondays. And Hexagons. And Giant Death Robots. At least when people get futuristic technology. Until then... well... we are frolicking about with clubs and spears blind in some clouds... LIFE. Ahh I love it. Actually I hate it. I only love it when I get Giant Death Robots and BLOW UP THE WORLD! BURN HAHAHAHAHAHA BUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUURN! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Ahem. Yeah. Get it.
game-hours: 120.7
review: Love it just love it!
game-hours: 10.4
review: strategy,strategy,strategy~
game-hours: 592.4
review: If Doge was I. Recomend.
game-hours: 878.7
review: ITS AMAZEING
game-hours: 365.1
review: Easily one of my favorite games, but beware! Most begin playing and then realize 10 hours later that they should really go to bed or work or something, but you just gotta finish this war or found that last city and get your happiness up. It's easy to fall down the hole of "I'll just take this one last turn and then I'm turning it off" and continue to do that for hours. Great game. If you love strategy games, you'll love Civ V. Highly recommend the Gods and Kings and Brave New World bundles which will really expand your game play options and keep it fresh.
game-hours: 91.1
review: Great game.
game-hours: 413.0
review: In all honesty, a game that is fun for the first few days but got boring really fast. There was no "editor" and really nothing else to do but the campaign. The mods were fun and entertaining for a long period but also got boring. Not game worth 60$ but if they added some extra stuff i would definately buy it for 60$ again.
game-hours: 63.7
review: lots of fun
game-hours: 95.8
review: i'd motorboat elizibiths
game-hours: 166.0
review: Mixed feelings: Pros: -It's Civil. It has been simplified on some parts, but is good. -Nice graphics. Cons: -Unbearable wait times. I really mean it. On a huge map, on advanced turns it took about 10 minutes to just load a saved game! And about 5 minutes each turn just waiting the machine thinks. -Very bad diplomacy. It's almost impossible to get a balanced deal. The computer always want to have a very unbalanced deal. -No spies, no sharing tech between cultures. -Spain as a DLC?! Come on, they were one of the main cultures on every Civil. The wait times killed the whole thing. It can't be possible that it took too long each turn to think.
game-hours: 200.4
review: Sid Meier is back with Civ V. After a rocky start with the base game, the two expansions "Gods and Kings" and "Brave New World" add the meat back to the Civilization Hot Pocket. Recommended with Gods and Kings minimum.
game-hours: 7.8
review: quite addictive and a good bit of historical fun if you like turn-based games. they did a great job.
game-hours: 82.2
review: Nice strategy game
game-hours: 63.3
review: Man this is a good game but Barabarians can easily make your game a living hell. Also, other Civs will get real mad for settling like five tiles away. What the heck is up with that.
game-hours: 141.5
review: This will eat your life. But in a fun way. Just one more turn!
game-hours: 0.2
review: Runs horrid on a Sony VAIO flip. It is so bad with understanding screen orientation or resolution you can not do anything beyond watch the game intro. Glad it was a free download and not something I paid for.
game-hours: 193.9
review: Best Civ game yet, even better with the expansion packs.
game-hours: 18.5
review: Amazing game. The fact that you can go any direction with a large amout of civilizations makes it playable for a long time, with each experience unique.
game-hours: 17.4
review: I'm a huge fan of real time strategy games, and I have to admit, the last Civilization game I played was Civ 3. Either I am older and wiser now or this is a superior game. Incredibly addictive (one more turn turns into one more century, etc) I still prefer real time, but I think I'm coming around to turn- based
game-hours: 55.1
review: very good game and it never gets boring played 24 hours strait plus food breaks
game-hours: 14.1
review: I didn't think this was going to be my thing, but after realease I had missed two meals while doing my first playthrough it became obvious how well-made this game is. If you like anything about history, turn-based games, or SimCity - but don't like cities - then this is the game for you.
game-hours: 413.8
review: I gunna nuke yo  all up in heya.
game-hours: 65.1
review: This game is amazing please play it. Now.
game-hours: 415.5
review: I have to say, go for it. It should be on sale in a few days pick up a couple DLCs while you're at it. I am still torn on what I thought of Gods and Kings. While I liked the introduction of spying and religions, I felt that the religion portion felt more like an after thought.
game-hours: 237.1
review: this is a fun / calming game it takes forever and is turnbased
game-hours: 59.0
review: great game i just need to know how to play it
game-hours: 195.7
review: You can do multiplayer with a friend, play as the aztecs, and nuke every city they own in 2012. 10/10 would nuke again
game-hours: 89.6
review: Lol Swag ,good game 10/10
game-hours: 100.6
review: top game
game-hours: 291.2
review: With all the expansions that are currently out it is the best Civ game that I've played in a while. 10/10
game-hours: 42.7
review: Just one more turn, just one more turn, just one more turn.
game-hours: 56.2
review: If you're a fan of strategic group games, then this game is perfect for you. Granted that the games do take a couple of hours to complete, this is a good game if you have plenty of time. The game uses a very good diplomacy system, with your actions reflecting on your allies and how your fellow nations see you. Be sure not to rely on your friends too much, in a game where the strongest nation is the smartest nation, you don't want to be a liability. You really do just play your own way, you can pillage and slaughter your way to victory or try and be the first country to launch a space mission to Alpha Centauri, its all up to you. There are a whole heap of different nations to choose from, Celts being one, Greeks another, or even Mongolians. Build and break alliances all in the name of victory... Not a game for those who can't handle betrayal.
game-hours: 39.3
review: A great game that is very adictive!!
game-hours: 9.6
review: This game is very fun and great.
game-hours: 675.4
review: good
game-hours: 613.5
review: Be aware, this is a time machine. One...more....turn...................................
game-hours: 419.7
review: One of the best strategic games I have played. Hell, this is the best ever. You can play it for years and you will not get bored, there's always something new to see or achieve. Just one more turn...
game-hours: 57.9
review: Great game, prepare to lose many hours of your life with it.
game-hours: 94.2
review: You can be that chilling dude, or you tear apart everyone. Your call.
game-hours: 165.5
review: Most addictive game ever... I have 160 hours on it and there is always something new
game-hours: 57.9
review: Very addictive, highly suggest people play this game. I also find it passes time, a lot of time, infact days! no really, it is addictive!:) 10/10
game-hours: 86.7
review: I always end up staying up until it gets bright out bc of this game.  you Sid Meier.
game-hours: 164.5
review: Great historical strategy game
game-hours: 99.0
review: very addictive!
game-hours: 16.4
review: This game is great for anyone looking to get the most play time and experience out of what they're paying for.
game-hours: 114.6
review: One of the best this kinda games! Easy to play with friends also very fun! Recommand this game for every person! GO AND GET THIS GAME!
game-hours: 17.2
review: Super fun game. Civ 5 is a lot easier to get the hang of and explains stuff in a way we can actually understand!
game-hours: 799.5
review: Best Game Ever
game-hours: 41.2
review: Best. Game. Ever.
game-hours: 146.6
review: I don't know if there is a game series I have played more than the Civilization series. I fell in love with Civ III and Civ V blew all my expectations for a sequel game out of the water. In addition, the DLC is fantastic. Gods and Kings is a wonderful compliment to the game, it makes it feel more complete (by adjusting the battle system to be more multi-turn, for example) and the aspect of faith factored into the gameplay adds a fun new twist. The extra maps and nations added by the other DLC also makes the game feel very vast, but wonderful. Brave New World adds a whole other side of the game, and I found to be delightfully challenging. And if you don't like the DLC, you can even turn it off in-game. The only downside is the loading time, this game takes FOREVER to load. Other than that, I have no complaints. I highly recommend this game. You can trust me, I've played 115 hours of it.
game-hours: 10.9
review: start a game and you can forget about being productive for the next couple of days.
game-hours: 241.5
review: Now is your chance to nuke everyone. Fantasties come true.
game-hours: 87.8
review: This game is always fun, it takes your time so easily and makes you want to play forever. Caution, this game can make you addict as hell once you start a game.
game-hours: 155.6
review: Before you purchase and begin playing this game, be warned that numerous hours of your life will randomly disappear and you'll have no clue how it happened. In other words, this game is amazing. The instant I began playing it, I was hooked and couldn't tear my eyes off of it. I would always tell myself "Just one more turn!" I love strategy games, and specifically building something small and unworthy, into a massive and incredible thing. Civilization V allows just that. Everything in this game is great. To truly get into this game, one most think about the consequences of their actions and think like a true leader. Be that militarily, economically, culturally, diplomatically, or even scientifically. This is a deep strategy at it's core and it gives every one a new and different challenge. If you're interested in a strategy game that will constantly keep you involved, then you've found the right game. The hundreds of hours of gameplay is worth the wanted price. Sound: 9.3/10 Graphics: 9/10 Gameplay: 9.8/10 Story: N/A (This is up to you) Overall: 9.5/10
game-hours: 153.4
review: By far my favorite Civ game. This is a great addition to the franchise and I highly reccomend it to any fans of this series or any other strategy type games, turn based or not. Best game purchase I have made in the last couple of years.
game-hours: 150.3
review: Love Civ5/ It rocks
game-hours: 631.9
review: Ever want to kick Ghandi's ? Well now you can in this EXTREME game. What about making Bismarck look like a sissy? HELL WHAT AM I SAYING? YOU CAN MAKE THEM ALL LOOK LIKE SISSIES!!! Endorsed by the EXTREME reviews association. ERA
game-hours: 197.4
review: I love this game so much. I've spent hours on it!
game-hours: 539.4
review: This is a great game for those who are newcomers to Strategy games and those who are either familiar to Civilization or Strategy games in general. It's simple and easy to understand but good enough as both an introduction and continuation to playing strategy games. I highly recommend it on it's own but even more so if you buy the Brave New World expansion.
game-hours: 141.3
review: I find it hard to believe anyone is really reading reviews for this, as this is one of those games that I feel you either are already intimately familiar with, or want nothing to do with. That being said, if you are into strategy games and have never played this, I would advise you to get this the next time steam throws it on sale. If strategy is not your thing...Don't.
game-hours: 249.8
review: Aside from getting nuked by Gandhi and getting indoctrinated by the Rambo enemy missionaries, this game is more than worth its money.If you dig strategy games and have plenty of time on your hands to build your own empire from scratch on a world stage, then this is for you. Only real complaint are the prices on the DLC-s, but that's just my opinion. 9.5/10
game-hours: 25.5
review: Never played any Civ game. Tried today and dind't stop playing for 4 hours straight.The singleplayer it's a very low pace game (at least I think it is), and I think that's great because it gives you time to learn the game. You should try it.
game-hours: 246.8
review: Fantastic and fun.
game-hours: 103.6
review: Favorite strategy game of all time!
game-hours: 56.2
review: To put it simply, this is the evolution of the greatest strategy game of all time, without a doubt. I have played from Civ II onwards and the series has consistantly improved, bit by bit, as it slowly became the masterpiece before you today. Although the transition from IV to V was a huge step, it turned out to be one in the right direction, and the most recent expansions have turned this opus into a time vaccuum for me. Graphics : 9/10 Although small and in low resolution, you are presented with an extremely detailed view of the terrain and the features of each city. Zoom in and built wonders will be visable, and generic features change to refelct your current era in game. The UI is gorgeous and the characters represnt their civilizations well. Deducting points only for the fact that the map sometimes gets cluttered, especially durung wartime, and the low respolution (though this is no doubt on purpose for lower end computers, even at the highest setting, things look blocky when you zoon in.) Sound 10/10 The music is thematic, the opening theme absolutely perfect for the game, and the units sound like what they are, and although I cannot speak to the accuracy of the translation, all the world leaders speak to you in their own language. Gameplay 10/10 Without a doubt this is the deepest version of Civ yet. Culture and religion have become so much deeper than the previous game, and there are so amny different ways to victory, with no particular one seeming to have a huge advantage (though all nations will at least need a defensive millitary.) I particularly enjoy the happiness system, allowing for there to be a state of the empire between "full revolt" and "perfectly happy". Overall 10/10 This game will sink hours and hours of your life, and unless you loathe turn based strategy games, I cannot reccomend it more fully.
game-hours: 20.9
review: THIS IS THE BEST STRATEGIC GAME THAT I EVER PLAYED :) . And be carefull u can forget how is outside you're house .
game-hours: 41.6
review: I would highly recomend this game to any person mainly. I have spent many hours playing with friends exploring the Brave New World Expansion including World Congress and Religion. Me and my friends very much enjoy this expansionas it adds so many new features to the game. Highly recomend. Once bought just sign your life away. You'll love it.
game-hours: 35.9
review: Its a pretty cool game I guess
game-hours: 388.4
review: awsome game, great fun every time I play :)
game-hours: 102.6
review: This game is the best must buy
game-hours: 31.3
review: Nice game
game-hours: 30.0
review: was mad ill
game-hours: 28.1
review: Tight
game-hours: 80.1
review: This is a Wonderful Installment to the Civilisation Franchise i've played CIV IV and this to me is a big step up in graphics and depth of play and i Love the Expansitions Mostly the BNW because for the 98 i played the Civ Brave New World i felt the connection that i had to that game. I Would Happily Keep Buying games like these and even More from CIV
game-hours: 8.0
review: holyshit
game-hours: 98.8
review: What a great game. I plan to play this for many many hours.
game-hours: 233.7
review: If you buy this, get the $80 bundle. Includes everything you need. Otherwise if you buy the base game, you'll find you need to fork out another $50 to make the game good.
game-hours: 13.8
review: love it :D
game-hours: 83.2
review: I CANT STOP
game-hours: 190.6
review: Civilization V is slowly taking my social life away but I'm fine with that, I got my friends to buy it so there's no need for me to leave the house anymore. I highly reccomend this game, it's well worth it to buy the expansions.
game-hours: 132.2
review: very good
game-hours: 55.7
review: It is good
game-hours: 228.4
review: doge
game-hours: 28.2
review: Just.One.More.Turn.The Workers need you.They look up to you. The King of 4X games.
game-hours: 4189.2
review: Gameplay is very good. If they had better wonder videos and maybe useful advisors, (or at least interesting ones) perhaps it could even be as good as Civilization 2. The mod community is outstanding for this game. Playing with mods makes this game 10X better, so if you are a new player, I would suggest checking out some of my favorite mods and using those that suit you. My original comment on bad wonder video's/advisors stands. I would also like to add that whoever chose the music (For Civs and the Great musician ones) needs to talk to a professional and not just pick random stuff they think is epic. Not to say they did'nt get some right, but seriously, talk to a historian.
game-hours: 78.7
review: Holy  this game is addictive. Being Persia and Nuking Berlin and wiping out entire civilizations. I couldn't get into it at first, but  me I can't stop.
game-hours: 22.4
review: Very fun, but not sure about the mechanics, and games take a very long time; which i guess is good :)
game-hours: 789.7
review: They make it easy to mod the game with built in search tools to browse mods guess that is why I have 600+ hours logged in... 750 hours and counting and with the expansions it is like a whole new game
game-hours: 115.2
review: addicted
game-hours: 116.6
review: I love this game!
game-hours: 175.3
review: This game to me is great fun, but you have to be into the style of game to enjoy it, if you like Civ Revolution, then you should enjoy this, there are flaws with the game mechanics, especially in multiplayer, main issue for me is a graphic glitch that cause the graphics to trip out, forcing me to restart, also direct X isnt a great engine, so glitches like this are expected. But on a whole the game is alot of fun, but more enjoyable with friends.
game-hours: 620.3
review: So much replayability for any one time price :)
game-hours: 50.5
review: Say goodbye to your old days/friends..
game-hours: 1044.2
review: Best "thinking" game I've ever played...
game-hours: 224.2
review: Such a fun game. I enjoyed every hour I played it's really in depth and there's alot of strategy that goes into it. Overall 10/10
game-hours: 177.0
review: Lots of fun. Has stolen many hours of my life
game-hours: 159.7
review: Make sure you have plenty of free time because this game just eats it up.
game-hours: 187.7
review: This is one of the most addicting games I have played in a long time. The DLC really changes up gameplay and isn't just new character/map content.
game-hours: 130.5
review: After many hours of play I can say this game ruined my life.
game-hours: 161.5
review: If you have even looked at this game and considered "HM, looks kind of neat." then you should buy the complete edition right now. Gods and kings expansion is optional Brave new world is extremely good and pretty much required to make this game a 10/10 The complete edition is highly suggested. There's far too much about this game for me to ramble on about. If you need more information go look up multiple reviews that aren't from steam or one source. However, you can trust me when I say, unless you absolutely hate the grand strategy genre civ5 complete edition is a must buy, especially when it's on sale.
game-hours: 208.1
review: Great game!! Play this game 24/7 and is the most fun I've had in a game, especially on multiplayer!
game-hours: 79.2
review: Dominated the world as Ethiopia with banana exports through the roof 10/10
game-hours: 20.4
review: Love this Game and spend all my time on it!
game-hours: 232.8
review: Civ 5 is a great buy for nearly any gamer, have had a ton of fun with it! 9/10
game-hours: 12.6
review: toppertje
game-hours: 100.5
review: Played probably thousands of hours of Civ IV, I liked the interface better than 5, and i like the troop stacking better, and non-hexagonal movement style. But i would say, that Civ V is still Civ, and based on the same concept, but the little tweaks in this engine make it a more subtle, and political game, more than a "bongo go stack, and smash" kind of game. The concept is the same, but the style and thought process hasd definately changed. I have a feeling the community is going to lose some of the smash and grab players, but gain some more finesse players. All in all i think its a welcome addition to the series.
game-hours: 426.7
review: Have you ever wanted to become king? an emperor? a dictador? or even a god? The this is the game for you. You lay the foundation of your empire and you shape it just the way you like. Do you want to be a powerhungry, moneygrabbing dictator? You can do that. Or do you want to create a peace loving empire build on liberty and justice for all. You can do that. Or do you simply want the chance for your country to rise to power and take revenge on those who wronged you? You can absolutely do that. All in all this game is amazing and the petty price for this game is highly worth it compared to the hundreds of hours you probably will put into it.
game-hours: 49.7
review: CIVILIZATION, HELLS YEAAAAAHH!!!!
game-hours: 412.6
review: This game is amazing. nothing else needs to be said.
game-hours: 56.5
review: Besides civ:4 this is the best grand strategy game of all time highly reccomened to any fan of grand strategy, politics or boardgames
game-hours: 84.3
review: best strategy game ever!
game-hours: 106.7
review: Have too much free time that you want to inexplicably disappear? This is the game for you!
game-hours: 213.4
review: Strategy has never been more fun.
game-hours: 100.2
review: Very well done, best Civ i have played, 81 hours in and still rocking
game-hours: 46.1
review: Fantastic game. It's a perfect mix of medieval/stone age strategy and modern/futuristic strategy. It's a very well made game. Anyone that likes strategy will like this game. It's easy to learn but hard to master.
game-hours: 18.7
review: Awesome game, fun to play with friends!
game-hours: 108.8
review: I have many hours of fun in single and multiplayer if you like a hexagon based strat this is for you. 8/10
game-hours: 766.4
review: Great strat game that lives up tho this title's history and excellent standard of gameplay.
game-hours: 61.2
review: I installed the game one evening looking for a few hours of fun. I checked my phone at 3am only to realize it was actually 8am and the sun was peeking up over the horizon. Oh God, what have I done?
game-hours: 548.8
review: Great replay value :D Currently very cheap on Humble Bundle!! Get it! That's all.
game-hours: 212.4
review: This is probably the best strategy game ever. If you like strategy games, you should, no, you MUST buy this. It's fun and very, very addicting.
game-hours: 161.2
review: I haven't had sleep in days. 10/10
game-hours: 154.2
review: ive invested alot of time into this game worth it yes it has alot of different play styles and other civs especially on harder difficultys one of my top 5 games only thing i could put down about this is some of the starts are awfull and the crash bug i experience after around 80-85 turns of playing overall good :)
game-hours: 276.5
review: 8/10. Great game that will suck the life out of you until you know everything about the Roman Empire. AI is wonky at times, but is almost always a fun experience.
game-hours: 262.4
review: Hands down on of the most effective turn-based games I've played in a long time. Only downside is in large player matches...fighting against other people eats up a serious amount of time.
game-hours: 741.4
review: This is by far one of my most favorite games I've ever played. Every single game is vastly different with so many variables to account for that it makes it a very complex and stimulating game to play. With that being said it is also relatively easy to learn with the varied difficulty levels accomodating all levels of players. Being able to see and learn about various things in world history while shaping your own version of it makes this game that much better. I can't wait to see what they do for Civ 6.
game-hours: 164.2
review: Well wicked. Got it on the cheap on humble bundle tho lol.
game-hours: 20.1
review: Awesome game for multiplayer and singleplayer though it's really long it's addicting.
game-hours: 410.7
review: i lik hexagons
game-hours: 108.7
review: this a great game to play with your friends. Its a vary compitive game and makes you think about hard problems. This is single player or mutiplayer
game-hours: 776.2
review: The vanilla version of this game offers a pretty solid base game, the game settings lets you spice up every new playthrough, which gives a really great replaying value. The AI is hard to please but it's nothing that you won't be able to handle on your second playthrough. The expansions themselves enrich the game, offering a lot of diversity on how you want to win, plus, with both expansions you can access a variety of free community content (maps, civs, buffs and nerfs for certain gameplay aspects,etc). If you're looking to kill time this is one of the best games out there to do it.
game-hours: 176.8
review: Good game, get ready for pressing the "turn over" button at then press it again and suddenly you realize its been 4-6 hours since you first pressed for your turn to be over. I like the music and the narrator in IV better but the hex rule is better.
game-hours: 507.6
review: it's okay i guess
game-hours: 956.9
review: Best Turn based strategy game ever
game-hours: 38.5
review: Awesome!
game-hours: 29.8
review: Amazing game, but as some of the comments say.. NEVER TRUST GANDHI.
game-hours: 165.4
review: Definatly one of the better stratigy games out there its even betterif you have friends to play it with
game-hours: 231.9
review: This is my most played game on Steam. Having clocked in over 90 hours, I can say that it is insanely fun, and if you love strategy based games, I recommend you get it, along with the DLCs.
game-hours: 369.2
review: AMAZING turn base stategy game. With facts and wonders you probably did not know!! if you like a stategy game with historical info i reccomend it so get it yea
game-hours: 979.9
review: Great for history buffs.
game-hours: 307.7
review: This game can be summed up in one phrase: "One more turn!" So addictive that this one quote will be repeated so many times you won't even notice. Awesome graphics, animations and soundtrack and one of the few games that not only welcomes but encourages the use of mods, adding massive amounts of gameplay to a game that already can give hundreds of hours of entertainment on its own.
game-hours: 83.3
review: Very fun and thought provoking.
game-hours: 4.0
review: i played for many years the civ 3 , but civ 5 is the best of the series in my opinion!!!
game-hours: 38.8
review: Especially fun with friends.
game-hours: 146.9
review: I've spent waaaaay to much time on this game
game-hours: 94.3
review: BEST. GAME. EVAR!
game-hours: 574.1
review: Civilization V is an unparalleled 4X strategy game with many great systems contributing to an amazing experience. The randomly generated map and many different play styles ensure unique experiences every time you play. The Social Policy trees further distinguish each game you play in it from the others with many different combinations. Contributing even further to this uniqueness is the sheer number of Civilizations each with its own unique ability. A final factor contributing to its impressive variety is the many different victories players can go for. One of the few cons in this game I have to say is its addictiveness, it is nearly impossible to stop a game before you finish it.
game-hours: 230.3
review: Love this game I would recommend it to everyone
game-hours: 482.3
review: Incredible game, I have over 400 hours, trust me when I tell you this game is beyond amazing. I've had it for roughly a year now and it's just a bundle of joy.
game-hours: 223.2
review: 8/8 Gr8 game m8
game-hours: 124.8
review: Time passes at an extremely fast pace in game, but it passes even faster in real life.
game-hours: 298.0
review: I don't think there has been a minute in this game that I haven't loved.
game-hours: 120.8
review: This game will swallow your soul
game-hours: 53.4
review: Incredibly more-ish, and definitely worthy of 'just one more turn' tag. Word of warning, if theres something you need to do in an hour (or whatever) and your looking for something to waste some time until then, DON'T play this game, i'll guarantee that you will lose track of time. Otherwise I would highly recommend it. Oh and do the tutorial if your new to this game, or else you'll find yourself struggling a bit to figure out all the different mechanics and such.
game-hours: 115.6
review: Turn up the difficulty good bruhs
game-hours: 239.8
review: Civilization V is a great turn based game. I'm always looking for a good game like this one.
game-hours: 149.0
review: 10/10 its pree rad
game-hours: 136.2
review: Now, rather than come home and taste the cold barrel of my father's shotgun every night, I fulfill my greatest dreams, building a great civilization! Thank you, Sid Meier!
game-hours: 107.2
review: I simply love this game, it is so addictive.
game-hours: 80.5
review: i sometimes have nightmares...
game-hours: 105.8
review: one more turnnnnnnnn.
game-hours: 319.5
review: much enjoy
game-hours: 250.7
review: Hours of your life will pass you by...and you won't care.
game-hours: 124.7
review: Good game, lots of fun if you play with friends. But be aware this game consumes time like your fridge food. 10/10
game-hours: 438.3
review: Play dis sheet.
game-hours: 518.4
review: best strategy game
game-hours: 35.8
review: Games are pretty long but what an amazing game
game-hours: 121.2
review: Get it, Great game, Lots of fun and you never get bored.
game-hours: 310.0
review: This game is addicting, for the reasons that it pleases many audiences of even the most die-hard FPS fans.
game-hours: 137.6
review: S'good. 10/10 Would have babies with this
game-hours: 185.4
review: Good Times
game-hours: 156.5
review: Made a religion called "Atheism" and the Vatican was desperate to have me send a few missionaries. 9/10.
game-hours: 486.7
review: What can I say? it's Sid Meier and its Civilization. If you took the man hours spent playing this game on the space program, we probably could go to another planet by now.
game-hours: 484.1
review: Never Have I Sunk More Hours Into a Game. One Memory, I decided to Take Over Paris, Next Thing I Knew Bird Were Chirping Outside My Window and it was 7:OOam the Next Day
game-hours: 1382.0
review: Civilization V has a lot of replay ability with different map types and conditions. You can set up a game which is focused on Barbarians or City States as adversaries. Playing online against other humans was a dream of players of early versions of Civilization and you can do it with this game or take turns on one machine. Combat is also different than in the first few versions and you'll need to have strategic resources in your territory to build the best units in the game. This is a highly enjoyable strategy game.
game-hours: 150.0
review: Just one more turn...
game-hours: 29.0
review: Civilization V has given me a new hope for strategy games. As a person who has had little experience with previous Civ games, I can say that it was still easy to pick up and roll with. All-in-all, the game isn't complex, but has many complexities working within it. From happiness of your citizens, to the amount of gold your making, everything you do is an important decision. I liked the idea of spying on other Civs while protecting yourself from other Civs' spies. This game will give you a new patience for movement and decision making when trying to make your Civilization dominant.
game-hours: 40.8
review: just one more turn!
game-hours: 348.6
review: Do you want to live in voluntary solitary confinement for at least three weeks? Buy this awesome game!
game-hours: 19.2
review: You know the game is good, when you scream "DEATH TO THE QUEEN" and "I'M GOING TO BURN THAT ", and you are cussing at the monitor because Queen Elizabeth is being a jerk that keeps asking for your silver.
game-hours: 88.7
review: Like Minecraft, except completely different. Reminds me of Civilization V.
game-hours: 55.2
review: Hexes are two better than squares.
game-hours: 117.4
review: Civilization V is an amazing game, I would totally think about getting it! Gods and Kings adds some more content but Brave New World is a game changer! Some of the negative traits are obviously the price of the game, it's going to leave a hole in your pocket. 9/10
game-hours: 60.7
review: This game... OMG this game! It's the first game I've ever managed to play for 8 hours straight without ever getting bored... That ought to tell you something about it
game-hours: 231.3
review: Love it!!!
game-hours: 132.5
review: For Strategist Only
game-hours: 211.5
review: Best turn-based strategy game ever!
game-hours: 64.0
review: Civ 5 is a long, drawn out, and more complex game of chess. Where your knights can take pawns, and be upgraded into Apache helicopters. If you want to play a game of Civ, make sure you have ASOLUTELY NOTHING to do! It will consume your time, but it's not like you're doing anything important right?
game-hours: 24.7
review: The only reason not to buy this game is if you want to have any sort of free time.
game-hours: 16.4
review: Just one more turn...
game-hours: 137.8
review: Wow. What a wonder! SO much to say about this game. Where do I start. I think firstly the
game-hours: 18.8
review: Hours of fun, bit improvement on Civ IV. Buy it!!
game-hours: 373.7
review: Ruins my work routine on a weekly basis. 10/10, would get ruined again.
game-hours: 54.3
review: Playing Sid Meier's Civilization V took me way back to my first encounter with the Civilization series as a young lad. I played this infuriating game for weeks convinced that I could perfect the method to win and win on all fronts. It was my first experience with a multiple win condition game, and I was very young. In playing C5, I found that same feeling coming back; I was going to dominate and give myself all options. Even my second play through on a random board with the Gods and Kings DLC, I found that aggression in most forms is very frowned on, and really stops the diplomacy. (So much for make love not war!) In short, if you like the 4x strategy type games, this is the great-great grandson of the genre's papa, and is definitely a part of the family. I do recommend playing it, and the Gods and Kings DLC adds and interesting Religion pathway that makes the game more intricate, if that is possible. I did not really dig into the Brave New World DLC features, but it was included in the second run through content. I liked the graphics and the zoom-able level of detail that is a part of the interface. I have not played any of the precursors except the first Civ, so to me the hex grid based map was interesting and very different from the quadrille grid reminiscent of Sim City. Being a fan of Hex based game architecture, this was a nice improvement. The feature I really enjoyed was the miniature versions of the Wonders that were built in a city showing up on the map of the area surrounding the city. It really shocked me when I was seeing the Great pyramid coming together outside my capital. The improvements to the game were pleasant for me. Finally, I LOVE the means to queue city building I get the time variance through out the game, but I still hate the inability to setup milestones like trying to build wonders in line with actual history. I know its just a game and I am being a bit OCD-ish here, but it would be very cool in my mind to have a run where at the right time the correct wonders were built. Just sayin'. As far as real negatives go, I really did not find many, the only notable one being the insane load times. However that is only on starting the game up. After the game loads, it plays smooth and fluidly even on an older machine like mine. I did not get any glaring perturbation or chaotic dissonance while playing, and found myself in the familiar "one-more-turn" mode in the wee hours of the morning. Trying to finish off that one guy who refused not to settle next to my capital. (I wanted another city there anyway!) If anything, the game is still too addictive, making you loose track of hours as you play through a game. To summarize, I find the game great on many levels, and definitely recommend playing it.
game-hours: 27.9
review: A great intro to strategy gaming; has some depth but not to overly complex.
game-hours: 797.3
review: Just one more turn...
game-hours: 101.2
review: I really enjoyed this game. Can't wait for beyond earth.
game-hours: 378.4
review: Over 300 hours playing this game and I still have only seen a portion of the content available. The best turn based, 4X strategy game I have ever played. The expansions are a must as they are literally game changers.
game-hours: 103.5
review: Forward facing time machine. Get in, next thing you know. It's Tuesday!
game-hours: 156.2
review: One of the best strategy games on the market. You will definitely lose hours of your life and you won't even be mad.
game-hours: 5.1
review: GREAT GAME! If you are fans of strategy games, youre in for a treat! Very in depth gameplay but also very easy to pick up. Since it is on sale for the steam sale I say it is a MUST BUY!!!
game-hours: 275.5
review: If you are very complex then this game is for you!! ITS VERY FU**ING GOOD!!!!!!
game-hours: 160.1
review: love it
game-hours: 751.8
review: Great game
game-hours: 91.7
review: omg, just omg
game-hours: 181.5
review: If you enjoy games that get you sucked in and then you realize you've been awake for 48 hours straight playing it.... this is the game for you
game-hours: 397.2
review: Great game! It is kind of a slow game for multiplayer but the single player gameplay is great. I would reccomend this to anyone.
game-hours: 113.7
review: This game is awesome... you should get it
game-hours: 27.0
review: this game is for anyone who whanted to change history in there owned way
game-hours: 162.3
review: good
game-hours: 287.4
review: A massive time killer, well worth every hour given over. Civ 5 is a solid advancement to the series. The expansions are fantastic, though it can take awhile to adjust to new features. Overall a solid investment.
game-hours: 23.4
review: Very nice game
game-hours: 86.7
review: All time classic and favorite. It gets better with every new version and now multiplayer works better than ever. Highly recommend.
game-hours: 102.9
review: Civ is a really in depth awesome game that is so addictive that I can play it for hours and not realize it.
game-hours: 6417.8
review: If you love thinking, if you love turn-based strategy, if you love working within a constantly developing and changing environment as you strive to win, and if you love to have a COMPLETELY different game waiting for you each time you start, then this one is for you!
game-hours: 120.1
review: Completelt awesome
game-hours: 109.8
review: Mediocre game, with the first DLC (Gods & Kings) its alright, and with the second one (Brave new world) its GOTY material. Surely worth a buy if you like the civilization series. Would be better if it werent for the million DLC's that make the game great.
game-hours: 39.0
review: Kinda slow at first but once you get into it is alot of fun
game-hours: 746.8
review: Best time sink ever.
game-hours: 88.2
review: Just go play this game if you like strategy.
game-hours: 106.5
review: The biggest time drain since taking a dump. Youll pop in for a quick match then be playing the same match for the next 32 hours. During the time you will love and cry and finally achieve victory. You will stand victorious above all the nations you crushed on your way here and you will stop and think i could do this. Then your political carreer begins. Vote DrTuv 2020
game-hours: 26.5
review: WARNING: May take up to an eternity to finish one match. 5 stars. Would definitely reccomend.
game-hours: 397.1
review: Never spent so much time on a game in my life. Lost my girlfreind and my GPA dropped 2.5 points. Stayed up too late and slept in, then missed my flight to participate in the olympics. Ruined my life and future. 10/10
game-hours: 419.8
review: such tactics, many war, very diplomacy, much religion, wow
game-hours: 570.8
review: Civilization V is one of the best turn-based strategies out there. When it first came out, it was definitely no jewel. Maybe even a step back. But two expansions, Gods and Kings and Brave New World, have transformed it into an amazing game. Main pros and cons: +I have been playing strategy games for a long times. This is one of the few strategies, that offer PEACEFUL path to victory, which is realy FUN. I have not built a single military unit in my last game and it was amazing. Maintaing peace by diplomatic means and money can be as challenging as waging full-scale war! +There are four different kinds of victory: Military, technological, cultural and diplomatic. Since Brave New World, all of them are fun and balanced. Do you want to flood the world with your jeans and pop music or unleash nuclear power onto your opponents (and maybe face response in kind)? Be my gues! +System of ideologies makes for a very interesting late game. Prove that ideals of democracy and freedom can make autocratic regimes crubmle from inside or unite all the nations of the world in communist revolution! +Highest difficulty level (Immortal and Diety) can be challenging. It is mostly because AI cheats. But frankly, today nobody can do any better. +EVERY AND EACH Civilization game is different. Even if you play the same civilization with the same settings as your last time. Maybe you have met religious city state very early in your previous game, you have founded your own pantheon and in the end your religion dominated the world. This time, you may discover writing very quickly, build the Great Library and become the most literate civilization. Possibilities are pretty much infinite. -Two expansions to the game have solved all the major issues. Otherwise, there are some issues which are generaly speaking common for all 4X strategies. AI is not always brilliant. The game may get boring in a few last turns, when it is completely clear that you are going to win/lose and nobody cannot do anything about it. Late game total wars with lots of units can also get a little boring. Nevertheless, I cannot think of any major issue, which would prevent me to recommend you this game. I feel more like I forgot to mention a lot of amazing things. For example huge and creativy community, diversity of starting options and maps, huge number of playable civilizations and historical scenarions etc. etc. Anyway, if you like transforming agricultural society into industrial one, staging coups in neutral cities, backstabing your allies with surprise invasions or banning production of nuclear weapons at UN sessions, go and discover all the possibilities for yourself!
game-hours: 267.9
review: The best strategy game.
game-hours: 197.3
review: With all of the DLC and Workshop items you will most surely lose your social life. 5 out of 5 stars
game-hours: 166.6
review: I'm a megalomanic with a penchant for history so this game is right up my alley.
game-hours: 6.4
review: Great Playings-.
game-hours: 110.9
review: This game is hours of fun. 10/10
game-hours: 302.4
review: great
game-hours: 79.7
review: Its ok, I mean you know its not as bad as that other game that your frankly sick and tired of playing so yea.
game-hours: 588.3
review: Quite honestly, the best Civilization of all time. This is truly a masterpiece that just keeps getting better and better with each and every playthrough. I can't highly recommend this enough. The Gods & Kings expansion pack just makes the game even better.
game-hours: 24.9
review: I usually despise stratergy games but this one is a different story. One of the best games I have played in a LONG time, you lose countless hours which feel like minutes of your life. A truely awesome game.
game-hours: 1224.4
review: Best game ever, 10/10!
game-hours: 73.9
review: I finished 3 games in 56 hours. 10/10 would invade again
game-hours: 622.5
review: 456 hrs played, all single player. This is the best refined Civ game I've played. This version's UI is the best by far. It is a great game to pass some time and build an empire. The main weakness of Civ V is the AI. None of them follow the personality of their historical counterparts. They all have basically the same personality: psychopath. Nothing like having Ghandi break an alliance and declare war on you. But all in all, it's a game I have played a lot and continue to come back to.
game-hours: 37.5
review: much fun
game-hours: 155.7
review: Only really fun for me in short game times. Better with multiple friends. 8.5/10
game-hours: 648.7
review: After Brave New World this game is pretty complete and would recommend getting all of them while they are on sale.
game-hours: 195.7
review: I've been a Civilization player since I was four or five years old. I can remember sitting next to my dad as a very small child and building Leonardo's Workshop and the Great Library. My brother won the entire first grade a reward when he was seven because he knew from playing Civilization that the capital of the Aztec empire was Tenochtitlan and he told the principal of his school at an assembly. Due to my heavy nostalgia about the Civilization franchise I want every new incarnation of the game to be absolutely spectacular. I want them to loyally follow the top-down turn-based strategy model I know and love, but add to it with the graphics, computing, and complexity that our modern technology can bring. Usually I'm disappointed because many games in the franchise complicate the original formula too much by allowing infinite units scattered everywhere and too many resources to play with. In my mind, Civilization V is the first sequel in the series that really is perfect and Brave New World DLC package adds some polish and new mechanics that will enhance the already spectacular experience. I have played 45 hours of this game in the last three weeks because it is so addicting. The thing that makes Civilization V so spectacular is that every game is different and every decision matters so that when you start up a map, you are in an entirely different situation, which you can conquer only through extremely precise management. The original Civilization V is a great addition to the series because it isn't complicated. It doesn't take long to learn, but after a few games you'll be markedly better for knowing some nuances of strategy. Brave New World also seems to offer this. At face value the trade routes, policy, and culture changes the DLC adds are fairly minor and easy to learn, but after fooling with them for a while I've found they are huge advantages when used correctly. A well-placed caravan can now save a floundering city. The policies in the game are much more desirable than they were in Civilization V sans Brave New World, so you now have to rework old strategies to put more emphasis on culture. Art and writing make culture victories way more interesting. Overall, the DLC adds a lot of complexity without making gameplay more complicated. In single-player games you will have more things to think about if you want to play the higher levels. Where the DLC really shines though is in multiplayer matches. The AI is fun to trade paintings and resources with, but they are extremely predictable. Your friends, family, and even strangers will make deals the AI never would that will help you win more spectacularly than ever before. Caravans and cargo boats are new with Brave New World and they will let you play much more skillfully with players than you could without it. I haven't figured everything out yet and I expect it will take me a few hundred hours and maybe a bit of slogging through the civilopedia to do so, but I highly recommend downloading Brave New World even if you are slower than I am to get the nuance. It's fun to play with friends even if you are only defending against onslaughts of infantry and bombers with your warriors and cavalry. A demo is available right now on the Steam store.
game-hours: 478.4
review: Great game
game-hours: 526.2
review: a lot a fun with friends
game-hours: 106.9
review: Nuked by Gandhi 10/10
game-hours: 196.2
review: It's like the board game risk: tactical, time consuming, repetitive, but only gets boring after you stop worrying about your sleep deprivation.
game-hours: 253.3
review: "Can you build a Civilization to stand the test of time?" the tagline since the first Civ. Its a phenonemal turn-based strategy , and among my favorite games of all time. If you don't have it, make it a priority, lol.
game-hours: 56.4
review: If you have never played a turn-based strategy game before make this the first one that you get. It plays beautifully and it's extremely easy to learn the basics and from there you can do pretty much anything and trust me when I say the fun never ends I hope that if you get this game please play with your friends first because the online can be a scary place with unpredictable people. May your Civs forever prosper (unless they are nuked) :)
game-hours: 62.8
review: So Queen Isabella decided I would be a great Idea to send about 20 missionaries and great priests to my island and convert all my cities and allied city states to Catholosism. What a .
game-hours: 2079.9
review: Still cannot get enough!
game-hours: 123.9
review: Lost my job and all my friends. Have not made it to the bathroom in time on several occasions. Five stars.
game-hours: 20.0
review: Sid Meier's Crack V Is a much better recipe than Crack IV, and Crack III. Still something seems missing... Oh yeah, it makes you feel at home and comfortable. Civ V is addicting.
game-hours: 111.6
review: Let's play a classic game of "Where did the time go?" featuring Sid Meier's Civilization V, glorious mods and even better addons. "And now Caesar I shall turn your armies into radioactive dust!" -- Ghandi
game-hours: 125.5
review: Civilization V is an awesome game and one of the best (if not the best) empire management games available. Well worth the money.
game-hours: 99.5
review: A poo in the pee
game-hours: 254.4
review: If you love stratergy games you will not find any better than this!
game-hours: 2.8
review: My experience of this game: I played the tutorial for 3 hours without realising. Then I got the flu and was bedridden for 2 days. On the other hand, strategy games can be fun. 6/10
game-hours: 348.7
review: It wants to eat all your time. And you will like it.
game-hours: 101.2
review: I WOULD MAKE A JOKE ABOUT PLAYING THIS TIL 10 AM BUT IT WOULDN'T BE A JOKE
game-hours: 108.1
review: A deep, wonderfully complex (but not everly so) TBS. Many different ways to play, many variations of civs. The DLCs add so much more to the game play, they are well worth it to get. If you have the time to get into this, I would recommend it.
game-hours: 44.6
review: The best CIV game ever made :D If you get CIV 5 make sure to get Brave New World because it makes the game 1000x better.
game-hours: 405.6
review: An great Turned Based Strategy Game, with many new things to the series, but still not everything that th eprevious games had. Just make sure you keep track of time as you play "one more turn" for hours.
game-hours: 254.8
review: Just one more turn...
game-hours: 93.3
review: As someone who is no fan of the other Civ games, I went into this with no expectations for enjoyment. I was so wrong! Great game and with Gods and Brave New World it is fully featured to make even the critics enjoy it. Just one warning. Do not start a game at night, you will not be going to bed if you do!
game-hours: 216.4
review: Great Game. Civ is one of the most addicting game with great replayablity potential. Highly Recommended
game-hours: 155.1
review: Simple, but still challenging. Great mods (Canada Mod!). Worth it.
game-hours: 211.9
review: Need to time travel several hours into the future and not notice it? Play this.
game-hours: 38.0
review: Awesome Game!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 260.7
review: Civilization 5 is a great game. I've always loved the Civ series, and Civ V is a huge step in the right direction. Buy it if you love good games.
game-hours: 192.7
review: One of my favorite games of all time! Truly adicting hours of entertainment. The most fun playing a multiplayer game I have ever had! The game does have some connection issues using muliplayer.
game-hours: 1044.9
review: ehhhhh....it's ok.
game-hours: 86.1
review: Good Very Good
game-hours: 208.7
review: not as deep as civ4 but civ5 is still a great strategy game. It is also very pleasing to look at
game-hours: 139.3
review: Become involved in foreign relations as your relationships grow distant Explore the subtle nuances of large scale warfare as the ones who love you lose hope of your recovery Conquer your enemies as you yourself grow worse and worse from neglect Finally, acheive eternal dominance over the pixeled land as the real world fades from your grasp Did I mention that there are super cool robots that are like a hundred feet tall and make stuff go boom? Super cool!
game-hours: 165.1
review: Be aware that you will lose hours, very possibly days, on this game that you won't realise until its too late.... ... and you won't regret a thing!
game-hours: 1581.8
review: Are you the kind of person who goes to the same vacation place every year? If so, don't bother with Civ V. It ain't the same game! It's been revamped. Things that used to matter a lot, don't. Things that used to didn't, do. It's been been streamlined. Negotiations and diplomacy have broaden considerably. Spys have learned a whole new bag of spook-tricks. There are new weapons and new techs to help you manage with some new logistic boundaries. Go someplace new. You won't know what's going to happen until you get there.
game-hours: 485.5
review: great game but not a game for those who don't like long games
game-hours: 87.2
review: Seriously do not try to play this game before going to bed, this is not a game to wind down to. 10/10
game-hours: 122.2
review: brilliant. utterly brilliant!
game-hours: 94.1
review: it's very similar to its predecessors, but with many new leaders to choose from, not to mention the multitude of add ons you can install with the steam workshop. has visually stunning graphics, if your pc can handle it. if it can't (like my pc), however, there is no need to panic, as there are two modes that you can play on which sets it apart from its predecessors: normal mode (which is with all the graphics) and strategy mode (allows you to view things with more simplicity, reducing an immense amount of lag). i have snapshots of both of these modes.
game-hours: 3101.3
review: Most addicting game I've ever played.
game-hours: 137.1
review: Fear the Medic Samurai
game-hours: 804.7
review: This game never gets old. I never truly stop playing this game. I only take breaks in between the addiction. This is one of the best strategy games in my generation with an endless replayability. It's simple enough for people new to the genre and complex enough for the people who really know what they're doing to have a challenge. Every time I play I pick a different nation, each one is compelling and I try to adapt the way I play to the civilization's strengths. ...Just one more turn.
game-hours: 90.4
review: 10/10. A true mark in the Civ franchise. IT HAS NO NUKE LIMIT.
game-hours: 1686.8
review: Say good buy to your life oncce you get stuck on this :)
game-hours: 126.4
review: Just don't play it in the night if you value your sleep or have things to do...
game-hours: 25.3
review: Great game takes a good bit of time to complete matches but totaly worth the money.
game-hours: 58.7
review: sfasdgasdgsdagfasdgasdgasdgadgadfgadfgehsrttumddrVRBYBETYN
game-hours: 764.4
review: Fun game, worth the pick up if its on sale.
game-hours: 16.9
review: They should have sent a poet. All I can say is this is the easiest way to lose an entire day.
game-hours: 35.4
review: One of the best games in the world!!! Can't wait until Civilization: Beyond Earth
game-hours: 67.1
review: Hours of fun :) ........ literally
game-hours: 195.2
review: This is the greatest civilization game to date. Granted there is bugs and the multiplayer can be unstable at times but it is easily fixable with a reload. Brave New World, the latest dlc as of this recommendation fixes all the above-mentioned issues quite well!
game-hours: 492.1
review: Worth playing.
game-hours: 66.7
review: One of the best games I've ever played. Immersive, intelligent and informative on a historical level. Also one of the most life-destroying games I've ever played. At any moment you could find yourself wondering where hours of your life went. A great distraction.
game-hours: 31.7
review: Ghandi will nuke you!
game-hours: 23.1
review: Good game, hella moddable, and well fun with friends not much to say about it more than that.
game-hours: 457.6
review: Great Game and with the mod even better
game-hours: 343.4
review: It is addictive, the music is great, the tension in every victory feels well balanced, combat diversifies in a very satisfying manner, and the game itself has a sense of grandeur I love.
game-hours: 91.8
review: It's great
game-hours: 114.2
review: Beautiful. If you love strategy and tactical games, buy this now.
game-hours: 71.1
review: A really good game that is hindered by some big issues. Go play IV or III, wait until they have worked out the kinks in the next installment. Simple as that, I like a lot of the additions, especially hexes, but the game still needs a LOT of work.
game-hours: 38.9
review: Very addictive, easy to jump into, great replay value. Needs the expansions for the best gameplay.
game-hours: 116.1
review: It gets hetic and so much back stabbing u will wonder if ya own mother is trying 2 stab u. The Mulitplayer is hella fun but can drag. The political and different methods of victory are pretty sweet.
game-hours: 202.6
review: While not as great as their previous games it's still a worthy time sink. Good for those who want a heafty Civ taste but at the same time don't want to dump 5 days into 1 civ run
game-hours: 456.3
review: simply addictive~
game-hours: 562.8
review: Amazing ^^
game-hours: 258.3
review: A turn based strategy game that needs a lot of time invested in it before you see just how much fun it can be to play. I'm not totally convinced its better than its previous versions or that the pacing is right. Still the game has loads of mods available for it that can change the whole dynamic of the game so its potential for replayability is not in doubt. An absolute must have to any strategy addicts games library
game-hours: 497.3
review: One of the best games I've ever played. Such addictive 'one more turn' gameplay. Everybody needs to try this at least once.
game-hours: 120.6
review: :DDD
game-hours: 327.0
review: This game is addictive, amazing, and I hate it so much.
game-hours: 175.3
review: Best Game, must get all DLC to really enjoy the experience!!!
game-hours: 84.2
review: ayy u lik build armies and kil peeps pre good
game-hours: 113.5
review: Best steam stradagey game EVER!
game-hours: 457.1
review: Still the best turned-based strategy franchise out there. It's only regretful that so much of the game is in DLCs and expansions.
game-hours: 223.2
review: As a long time player of the Civilization series I was impressed by this addition. This is a big step up from their last game and a truly great game to start the series on.
game-hours: 143.8
review: Need to kill an entire day? Try this game.
game-hours: 233.3
review: Want to control other civilsation in a parallel universe? Then this is a great recommendation. Exterminate, exteriminate! for a domination always
game-hours: 342.0
review: Conquerd the known world with japanese mechs, felt like killing myself 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 219.5
review: Fan-freaking-tastic
game-hours: 530.9
review: how to lose your friends simulator
game-hours: 42.0
review: This is probably one of my favorite games of all time. I hate turn based games. then I cam across this beautiful game. Its fun , Its worth every penny I would recomend this to anyone Its awesome
game-hours: 298.3
review: shiity game i clock in 100+ hours of game play, but u know what i cant play it now dun know wtf going on with it. check online alot of people same as me cant get it to start after seleting directx.
game-hours: 1659.2
review: I'm a Civ fanboy since the first installment. Was waiting for Civ V for quite a while. When it came out, I was a bit disappointed. Then purchased Gods and Kings expansion, and it turned out to be better. Then god Brave New World - wow, even better. (I must add that those DLCs are a bit too expensive, try to buy them on sale, then they're worth it) But then I started using mods. Wow. Just wow. Most of them are ridiculous, but some are just pearls. Like Communitas expansion pack - changes your Civ to a very new game (more balanced, more features, better UI). I've already spent 1k hrs+ on it, and going to play again (this time - vanilla, no mods, diff level 7). Oh, beware, since BNW addon, when you use mods your final score does not get saved, nor will you get any badges (those funky achievements of Steam). If you need those, you have to play vanilla. Pity.
game-hours: 451.8
review: 11/10
game-hours: 128.9
review: Very fun game. It is different from Civ IV but overall I like the change to hex grid tiles the most. The combat is also more strategic and entertaining since you can only have one unit per tile. The Gods and Kings expansion should only make this game better.
game-hours: 41.7
review: Its Horrible, It Ruined My Life, It Sucks. 10/10 would definetly recommend.
game-hours: 43.6
review: If I had to live on a couple of games for the rest of my life, Civ 5 would be one of them.
game-hours: 23.9
review: i cri
game-hours: 25.8
review: Very rarely does a turn-based strategy game appeal to me, but damn, I can't get enough of this game.
game-hours: 38.1
review: Don't trust your friends.
game-hours: 197.3
review: Best strategy game I've played to this day, its mostly strategy, if you don't have a mind for strategy I suggest you don't buy the game then...
game-hours: 1835.6
review: Easily one of my favorite games. Never gets old, and it's definitely worth every cent. Would reccomend buying it when its on sale because it's on sale fairly often.
game-hours: 111.5
review: I don't sleep anymore.
game-hours: 427.3
review: This game is perfect for the someone who hates the outdoors, free time and other people. Buy this game and those three things will be distant memories. Just remember to eat and sleep. Luckily thanks to the games turn based nature and continuing memory leaks you can most likely do both between turns. This game is the equivalent of digital heroin. Go watch the movie Train Spotting and if that kind of lifestyle appeals to you buy this game.
game-hours: 66.2
review: Cant play this game without friends.
game-hours: 59.3
review: S bliver det vist ikke meget bedre inden for spil verdenen
game-hours: 88.8
review: Really nice game if you have time to play it ... Just one more turn... And more enjoyable with a group of friends
game-hours: 176.7
review: Great game. Every match is completely different and unpredictable.
game-hours: 84.2
review: Good stuff. Play it a lot. One more turn!
game-hours: 118.5
review: Best time sink ever
game-hours: 123.6
review: Having started my Civ experience with Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri back in the early 2000s, I can say that coming to this game after playing that shows a huge improvement in many features, but a loss in many others. One thing I seriously hope for in Beyond Earth is a return for the unit customization. Please.
game-hours: 27.9
review: 25h on Record, almost finished my first game! Thats some value there.
game-hours: 121.5
review: If you've never played a Sid Meier Civilization game, this is a good place to start. It's approachable but deep, and will suck away as many hours as you let it.
game-hours: 34.2
review: Great game, will take over your life! Very easy to learn for beginners too.
game-hours: 121.8
review: Soo goooood!
game-hours: 24.9
review: Too good to handle
game-hours: 190.1
review: you can nuke everything
game-hours: 363.6
review: Say goodbye to your social life and/or your sleep.
game-hours: 49.4
review: A worthy successor to the brilliant series
game-hours: 687.2
review: Fantastic game. Never played the genre before this. Had a slight learning curve, but I found it easy to move up in the difficulty rankings until I settled in on Immortal. Recently added Gods and Kings and Brave New World. Feels like a brand new game and added a lot more depth.
game-hours: 110.5
review: Very enjoyable with friends. The base game is alright, but I think that despite the expense of the DLC, it dramatically adds to the fun.
game-hours: 156.7
review: good game
game-hours: 296.0
review: Hours and hours of fun
game-hours: 501.2
review: Turn based 4x strategy at its best!
game-hours: 192.1
review: Amazing steategy game, nothing like it.
game-hours: 46.5
review: .
game-hours: 153.2
review: Buy dis game so ing goooood! its like gold!
game-hours: 90.0
review: Great game to play with friends.
game-hours: 209.6
review: Best empire strategy gmae i have ever played. Good with computers, and better with people.
game-hours: 178.4
review: You will lose waaaay too many hours of your life playing this game.
game-hours: 462.0
review: best strategy game on steam. recommend to everyone who loves a turn based strategy game with tons of content and endless replayability.
game-hours: 4.2
review: One of the best turn based strategy games ever.
game-hours: 477.6
review: A short review isn't going to cover the complexity and richness of this game, but then again: if you are attracted to those aspects in a game you would have tried this strategy game icon by now. A short review: if you like shooting, racing and football much more than strategy you probably will find this game too much. If you like to go in depth in each and every game you play you will love this like I do.
game-hours: 1933.1
review: So much fun, i end up playing marathons each time
game-hours: 129.9
review: Great game, played the series for years and will keep playing the series for years to come.
game-hours: 577.2
review: I WANT MY LIFE BACK, WHY ARE YOU SO GOOD
game-hours: 42.6
review: AAAAAAANNNNNNNNNNNNDDDDDDDDDDDD There goes my night
game-hours: 205.0
review: Where has my life gone, Halp pls
game-hours: 69.0
review: The AI is constantly trying to stab you in the back and barbarians can have the most cutting edge weaponry on the planet. 10/10.
game-hours: 207.8
review: So much replay value
game-hours: 134.4
review: For all that is holy, consider yourself warned. This game takes a few hours of procrastination and turns it into a life-changing experience. You will lose your job, your family and your house. But who cares? The game takes place in real time, meaning that when you complete one game, it will actually be the year 2050 outside. Can get a little bit tedious when you're waiting for the next turn, so prepare a small crate of beers.
game-hours: 187.5
review: Its an alright game...Multiplayer could be better?
game-hours: 61.0
review: This is a great Simulator game that i enjoy
game-hours: 54.7
review: Huge fan of all Sid Meier's games. Played all of them and this one is the best, by far. Anybody who loves turn-based strategy games, this is the greatest investment you could make. 6/5 stars.
game-hours: 24.0
review: This game is amazing! Almost anyone will love it. BUY IT NOW
game-hours: 302.3
review: So good. Get the xpacs.
game-hours: 245.3
review: Easily my most played game. I would highly reccomend it to anyone.
game-hours: 235.5
review: Just one more turn... Beware: addictive!
game-hours: 185.1
review: Great game, worth every penny. It may seem complex but once you get the hang of it, it will become one of the best strategy games, in my opinion.
game-hours: 204.5
review: The game is fun to play, although games do take a while to complete. Better if played over a couple days or even weeks rather than all at once.
game-hours: 163.6
review: Fun game!
game-hours: 9.7
review: This game is one of the most fun games I have ever played in my entire life and it's even more fun with friends. I absolutly recommend this game to anyone who wants to play a fun game. Also it gets even better when you get the DLC.
game-hours: 445.2
review: Ladies and Gentlemen, I give you one of my favorite games of all time. This is Sid Meier's Civilization V. A little background with this game. I was never a big fan of the series prior to this game. The only other Civilization I'd played up until this point was with Civilization revolution. Which I enjoyed playing but unfortunately, had some flaws that I could easily point out. Here though, it's a much different story. This game not only changed my view of Civilization, but that of strategy games, Steam, and even PC gaming as a whole. This game had a certain appeal to me as I was a fan of learning or nations history, culture, and warfare. This game has many of histories greatest Civilizations and leaders and has even a small sinopsis of their histories and culture if you want to poke around a little and learn. But who cares about that? I wanna play a game, not learn stupid history. Well, it's no slacker in that department either. Each Civilization has its own unique units, buildings, and buffs that affect their playstyle and you can play a variety of ways to win. Conquer the World with a Domination victory, become a cultural utopia, the first men in space, be the master diplomat, it rolls anyway. The game holds my official favorite video soundtrack ever (yes, I said it). It works much different than other soundtracks, when you'll be playing for hours (unknown to you of course) it's bound to get old. Actually, no. It has that right amount of intensity, calmness, and grandeur to make it really memorable without even trying. My only complaint with it is that the AI has its idiotic moments, but I was having too much fun to care, and it's far from easy but not unacessable to newcomers. Maybe it's not for everyone, but it deserves to be tried for its amazing take on turn based strategy and even elements I haven't mentioned like it SUPPORTING mods and it's amazing DLC that isn't a lazy tack on, or the scenarios if you get bored of regular games! Go out and try it yourself, but for me, It ranks easily into my top 3 favorite video games of all time.
game-hours: 110.0
review: best 13 dollars ive ever spent buy the expansions though
game-hours: 159.5
review: This game gets me hard, everytime
game-hours: 572.3
review: My all-time favorite franchise. I never get bored with this game. This is my fall back game with I don't feel like playing anything else. This is a must have game for any serious gamer.
game-hours: 91.7
review: just one more turn
game-hours: 380.1
review: This Game is so cool! Like HMS/
game-hours: 49.5
review: Great stratagy game for all
game-hours: 799.3
review: Very good, but does tend to slow down on huge maps.
game-hours: 122.7
review: Awesome game, great turnbased combat. Love the different victories and variety of civs and leaders you can play. Great time sink, which is to say that this game WILL take hours to get through one playthrough. But you can save and whatnot so why not? Y'all just gotta go Rambo style and play mongolia ya dig?
game-hours: 506.7
review: a masterpiece
game-hours: 627.1
review: Just...one...more...turn!
game-hours: 238.1
review: Great Game! needs some work with online play, but other then that pretty good. Best strategy game out there
game-hours: 333.4
review: Ef u wunt e mejer boost en sweg den bi dis geme
game-hours: 48.0
review: Trust me when I say that this game will make you play until it's 2 AM, it's that fun. If you want to play a turn-based-stratigic game that grows in time when you play it longer, this game is for you! If you want to play as a Japanese warlord, this game is for you! If you want to destroy all nations in your way wihtout feeling guilty about it, this game is for YOU! (Also it has giant robots of death. Don't belive me? Play the game and you'll see.)
game-hours: 253.1
review: I really wouldn't suggest buying any of these games, there's no real room for dipolomacy or anything and the AI will freak out at the slightest hint of something they don't like. ALTHOUGH the brave new world expansion fixes a  ton of the issues. SO, yeah....kinda worth it now.
game-hours: 543.4
review: This is my favorite game of all time.
game-hours: 35.2
review: DON'T GET THIS GAME. HOURS, literal HOURS will fly by before you've noticed. I don't even know if this game is fun - all I know is that half of my day dissapeared and I wasn't aware of time passing. There is something sinister about this game..
game-hours: 24.0
review: 10 of 10, would recomend.
game-hours: 19.9
review: More addictive than crack.
game-hours: 200.7
review: This game is amazing. when I first bought it, I played for 12 hours straight, crushing all enemies in my path. It has fantastic multiplayer. My only negative is that the games' expansion packs are more expensive than they should be.
game-hours: 126.9
review: This game makes me too paranoid to function. I love it.
game-hours: 101.7
review: I am God
game-hours: 71.4
review: really fun and addictive game
game-hours: 128.0
review: Too much civilization... not enough wow...
game-hours: 390.6
review: Bought this game back in 2012. Almost three years later and I still love playing this game. I don't think I've put more time in any other game, and I've been gaming since I was a kid. Phenomenal depth, easy to learn, there's not much to hate about this game. However, if you do buy it, make sure you buy the expansion packs, Gods & Kings and Brave New World, they make the game so much better than its original version. And the original was pretty good to begin with,
game-hours: 40.7
review: If you love empire-building games and turn-based combat games, you'll love this game. It's an all-around improvement on the previous Civ games, and they seem to get better with every new version of the series. The only thing I don't like about Civ V is that I can't combine my troops into an army (which was a feature in a previous installment of the franchise). I hope the next version offers the option again.
game-hours: 257.7
review: buy it
game-hours: 242.0
review: One of the most fun games I have played in a long time, but BE WARNED! you will get hooked like an addict on gaming crack, and there are so many mods that enhance the game, even when you feel like you're done with the standard campaign (and that's without even mentioning the awesome multiplayer) :D Would definitely recommend! 10/10
game-hours: 94.6
review: So addictive (40 hrs in 5 days?!?!?), yet it lets you set your own pace because it's turn-based strategy. I prefer this to RTS games like AOE 3.
game-hours: 43.2
review: Started to play thinking, "well I got them all pretty much in that humble bundle, might as well try it a bit, I've heard some good things about it." 7 Hours later it crashes and I look at how long I played and after 7 hours of utter immersion and amazing fun. Defenitely one of the best games I've played that's been developed within the last year or so.
game-hours: 135.9
review: dan ouda dan fun gaem
game-hours: 76.9
review: Very good strategy game
game-hours: 470.7
review: Want time to suddenly fly out of your grasp? Looking for a game that will suck away your soul? This is the game for you! (Seriously, I lose my life ten hours at a time. This is both awesome and horrifying. Buy now.)
game-hours: 569.1
review: When I first started the Civilization series, I was overwhelmed by the choices, the possibilities, the complexity and shear number of civilizations to play as. After many hours and more to come, I have come to love this game beyond a doubt. The amount of thought that can go into manipulating say, City-States to achieve resources you would otherwise not have access to, verus the brute force of pure domination makes this game a one of a kind, not including the nifty history tidbits thrown in here and there, with a full dossiary of facts and truths should you want to learn more. If your a fan of historic battles (especially the ones you've only dreamed of "Japan's mighty Samurais fighting along side Greek Hopilites against an unstoppable force of Russian Kosacks and Mayan Jaugers.") or of the ultimate strategy system out there, Sid Meier's Civilization V is the best out there, and deserves your money, so go buy it right now!
game-hours: 23.4
review: This game is fun with expansions and well made but VERY poorly programmed, the multiplayer online barely works for anyone yet they do nothing to fix it, the game crashes often for everyone I know and has not improved that since its launch, and for many I know it will take anywhere from a minute and a half to even ten minute to even launch, often for many it will not launch at all yet the game still costs a good deal of money and does nothing to fix these problems. Please go find another game, even the previous Civ ran FAR BETTER than this, this game is not worth your money, there are plenty of better options.
game-hours: 913.8
review: Totally addictive and brilliant more please
game-hours: 47.9
review: Played against Germany 1v1 seperate Continents Everytime they tried to make a city on my Continent I conquered it and they gave me one of their cities on their continent Best AI 10/10
game-hours: 164.6
review: awesome if you like strategy games :)
game-hours: 820.4
review: Anybody who likes 4x games, turn based strategy games or micro-management should get this.
game-hours: 11.9
review: I'll start off by saying that I'm not really a fan of strategy games. I base that conclusion off of my brief experiences mostly with the Starcraft series, as well as a few others I don't fully recall. However, my brother has recently been playing a lot of Civilization V, and even got my dad (a 50 dude with zero computer gaming experience) to get mildly obsessed with it. Thinking that I should give strategy games another try, and that I probably didn't like them just because I never played them growing up and always got demolished playing against friends (the only time I would play them), I decided to check out Civilization V. I have got to say that I am really impressed! The graphics are great, and I love the diplomacy going on between nations as a international relations major back in college. Fairly simple to grasp mechanics, but also very complex once you delve a little deeper into the game make it great for both newcomers (like me) and long time veterans. I would definitely recommend picking this game up. I can see myself spending many hours with this game.
game-hours: 69.0
review: this is an amazing game
game-hours: 77.2
review: If you liked the Civ Series, you're going to love this. Pair it with Brave New World and it will be even better. Enjoy winning a campaign by playing like a Dalek to get the "Exterminate! Exterminate!" achievement, by playing like a politician to win the diplomatic victory (meh), by playing like a pop artist to win a cultural victory, or by playing like my brother to default into (attempting to) winning by points at year 2050.
game-hours: 119.2
review: A fantastic game even further improved by the addition of Gods+Kings and Brave New World.
game-hours: 97.4
review: Like opinion where I can shift to 2D view so my laptop can handle graphic while on battery. My favorite game to play while on travel as it make time gone faster
game-hours: 48.4
review: 10/10
game-hours: 99.1
review: this game is so fun
game-hours: 117.1
review: Sid Meier is the king of TBS games. I have been in love with this franchise since the beginning and have invested more hours into it than I would like to admit.
game-hours: 402.6
review: A new day, a new map. It just never gets old!
game-hours: 232.4
review: North Korea Best Korea
game-hours: 94.7
review: This game is my time machine! Enter and play for 10 minute, after exit the game, instead of 10 minutes, 10 hours already past~~~ With great mods community for this game, the replay value increased+ With lots of way to end the game, the replay value increased+ Too bad, after play a while, I realised some civs are pre-set to win early, some civs are pre-set to auto win if u not harass them early But still, replay value, and magical time sink mechanic, every money u spent for this game -> worth it
game-hours: 126.9
review: Amazing strategy game spent tons of time playing this game.
game-hours: 661.9
review: If you want a game to waste your time in get this game.
game-hours: 24.5
review: Best. Strategy. Ever.
game-hours: 151.5
review: Don't play this before going to bed, BAD IDEA
game-hours: 121.7
review: Absolutely love the game. Being able to come up with your own strategies and the random spawn locations make each game different and a joy to play! :)
game-hours: 64.7
review: dropped out of school and started living in my parents basement 10/10
game-hours: 213.0
review: most addictive game ever
game-hours: 111.2
review: Very enjoyable game:)
game-hours: 43.2
review: Great game. Seriously, go buy it.
game-hours: 66.8
review: Just one more turn...
game-hours: 483.1
review: You've first a dull game then you've got nukes... (Until Gandhi has nukes too, then you are basically death...)
game-hours: 20.5
review: You build Robot Kill Bots. What more do you need to know.
game-hours: 20.5
review: You build Robot Kill Bots. What more do you need to know.
game-hours: 6.2
review: civ 5 is awesome.
game-hours: 324.3
review: Best Game EVER!
game-hours: 66.0
review: Me Gusta...
game-hours: 105.5
review: Make Civ VI please!!!
game-hours: 442.9
review: A very good and well-crafted game, especially if you enjoyed the board game Risk in you formative years, or indeed the classic video games Age of Empires and the Total War series. A good game to occasionally come back to.
game-hours: 27.1
review: Rescued a city form the French... Gave the city back to them... Expected them to worship me... Dethroned me 10/10
game-hours: 65.2
review: good
game-hours: 220.1
review: I hope you don't have plans for the next 12 hours.
game-hours: 78.9
review: game's strategist with game play waiting per turn player. have a many resource to keep up your city to become best city then the other.
game-hours: 1298.0
review: Pretty much one of the best games of all time.
game-hours: 33.3
review: Run the Civilizations! It's the best! Especially if you like seeing Ghandi beat George Washington with a Rock tied to a Stick!
game-hours: 561.8
review: This game should come with an addiction counselor...
game-hours: 1084.2
review: From the dawn of mankind, from the point where humans finally band together to create societies, you the player take control of a variety of nations that have actually existed in history, such as China, America, England, Russia, Germany, and Japan to name a few, to write your own version of history alongside other great nations of the earth. Researching technologies, adopting social policies, building cities, conquering other empires, these are just some of the powerful decisions and abilities you are able to wield as the leader of your people. You will watch the ascension of your meek, primitive people into what you aspire it to be. A powerful military empire? A technologically advanced society? A flourishing nation of arts and culture? Will you be a tyrant? A philosopher? A diplomat? As the narrator states before each match, "Can you build a Civilization to stand the test of time?"
game-hours: 292.7
review: ,    ,       )
game-hours: 29.1
review: This game is so fun. You will lose hours in minutes. If you ever thought abot buying it, do.
game-hours: 604.4
review: This game is by far the best turn based strategy game I have ever played. Why are you reading this? You could be trying to build a civilazation that can stand the test of time! If you don't own it, you should.
game-hours: 123.9
review: 10/10 Great game, Small bugs that can be worked around or removed with the expansion packs.
game-hours: 63.6
review: "One more turn and I'm done for now" ..... 6 hours later
game-hours: 51.8
review: gud
game-hours: 243.4
review: i love this game
game-hours: 827.6
review: More hours than I care to admit... 9.5/10
game-hours: 24.6
review: This game is like Monopoly, if your doing good the game is great. If your doing bad/ playing with people who take this game way to seriously, it's a nightmarishly long experience that you only desperatly just want to quit and you can't flip the board over in frustration either.
game-hours: 80.4
review: This game is amazing 10/10
game-hours: 93.0
review: Very good...that is all
game-hours: 126.3
review: Best strategy game ever.
game-hours: 167.8
review: When people joke about this game saying "just one more turn," they're not kidding. I'm still learning about this game and I just played my 80th hour in this game as I'm writing this review. Without typing more than anyone would read about this game, I highly recommend this if you liked the Sims, any of the games of the Total War franchise, or just strategy games in general. The game can be frustrating the first few times, you wonder why you aren't making more money, you don't understand the terrain bonuses and resources maybe. But after a game or two, customizing your cities outputs and tailoring them to suit the resources around them becomes almost second nature, especially if you're a micromanager like I am. This game is a clear 9/10, only because there are a lot of features that I miss from Alpha Centauri, such as melting ice caps and progressively rising ocean levels. Maybe there's a mod or something to add more of a Future, I don't know. All I know is that the vanilla game is fun as hell, and that the two expansions - Gods & Kings and Brave New World, are incredibly worth it when they're on sale (which is often). I advise anyone buying this game to at least wait until the DLC's are on sale to buy them, they add a ton more depth to the game but are way too expensive to buy them at normal price. TL;DR this game robs me of hours of my life and I hardly even notice/10
game-hours: 117.2
review: I grew up on Civ and this is another great installment.
game-hours: 21.1
review: I love this series my dad bought the orginal one... I have never really played and when I did it wasn't very long. But so far I have enjoyed this game.
game-hours: 43.2
review: The newest game in the Civilization series and the best in my opinion since Civ 2.
game-hours: 700.6
review: You will lose hours of your life to this game
game-hours: 284.0
review: Great game would strongly recomend to anyone who enjoys strategy games. Good game to play with friends.
game-hours: 26.5
review: This game is currently unplayable for me. There is a bug which causes workers to constantly "awaken" from work commands on any tile that used to belong to an enemy, and before you even start with "oh its just x, y, or z, you dont know how to play".. no, it isnt. The workers are nowhere near an enemy, it doesnt matter if youre at war, and the map is completely explored. The bug causes any tile which was once hostile to appear hostile to workers for the rest of the game. This bug was introduced in an old patch, it sat uncorrected for OVER A YEAR before fireaxis fixed it, and then about 6 months later (in january 2014) it came back in another patch, and we are once again waiting for a new fix. As your nation grows larger, you will manage more and more workers and re-issuing their commands every single turn gets old fast. Sooner or later, you start to forget which was doing what, you lose the ability to produce anything which requires too much time, and some workers will fail to follow any order at all... they just sit in your capital and ignore commands. Workers are absolutely essential to playing this game, and without being able to use them youre ed. Frankly, i love this game and i would normally recommend it, but paying 30 bucks for a game i cant play pisses me off. For some people it works, and for the rest of us it doesnt. Buy it if you want to gamble, but i wish i had passed on it. Considering how long it takes the devs to get around to fixing game-wrecking bugs like this, it probably wont be playable until 2015.
game-hours: 104.2
review: Good Turn based addiction 1 turn to 200 in a blink of an eye. Cant stop yet ....and suddenly your whole day is gone.
game-hours: 191.0
review: You're damn right i recommend this game. It may seem silly with some of its cartoonish interactivity, but, once you get past that, it is one of the most addictive simplistic games i've ever enjoyed within the strategy genre. I play it for hours without even noticing such time has gone by, yet i don't feel my time wasted. I enjoy this game and i believe you will to.
game-hours: 275.0
review: A true classic for all strategy lovers. I've never seen a game so complex and amazing looking. The movements are smooth but later in game the game start to slowly get an FPS drop due to the vast amount of units. I guess that is natural, as most games would fail to get that right as well. The AI is smart, difficulty is at the right level to what you choose... Maybe a little too good.
game-hours: 73.3
review: I think this is one of the best strategy games of all time!
game-hours: 52.9
review: Ignore everyone until I reached nukes. Then I nuked everyone. I won, but the victory was hollow. There was nobody else to enjoy the irradiated earth with me. Next time I shall keep a pet civilization to entertain me. 10/10. Highly recommend.
game-hours: 366.2
review: Fun. 10/10.
game-hours: 139.7
review: Prepare to give up your social life.
game-hours: 16.8
review: This game is amazing. It is a great strategy game and really gets you thinking. It is super addicting and never gets boring and the replayability is 10/10 because there are different scenarios for every move you make and every different character you play with. It is pricy but if you have the money I highly reccommend to anyone to get the game even if you aren't into strategy games.
game-hours: 34.1
review: Civilization 5 is an amazing game and is one of the best installments in the Sid Meier series.
game-hours: 83.4
review: This action packed RTS is the bomb!
game-hours: 308.3
review: This game is definately built for people who went from Risk to Axis and Allies because Risk was too basic, then thought "this isn't complicated enough either..." That being said, I love it, 5 stars.
game-hours: 392.5
review: Very addicting!
game-hours: 271.4
review: Best PC game I have ever played.. Very addicting..
game-hours: 161.4
review: so much fun! Best strategy game ever!
game-hours: 17.8
review: I reccomend playing this before bed and studying, it helps you concentrate.
game-hours: 241.8
review: So much fun and strategy. I have played this game nonstop for the past 2 weeks.
game-hours: 60.6
review: If you enjoy any turn based strategy games then look no further! For those who played past civ games, you may be dissapointed by some of the new features. Civ 5 does a good job introducing new players so the seies, which could be a neggetive affect on Civ veterans. All in all, great game.
game-hours: 109.5
review: it's awsome 5/5
game-hours: 1455.8
review: The 4X Oath, Explore, Expand, Exploit, Exterminate. Civilization V embodies these traits perfectly, watch as your chosen nation become a powerful superpower among other civilizations and your leadership rise above all other opposition. Take your choice in your success with: Culture, Diplomatic, Scientific and Domination. Each of these goals are unique and make each game interesting and fresh, along with newly generating maps and never knowing who you will bump into on the battlefield. Take your stand Leader! Explore! Expand! Exploit! Exterminate!
game-hours: 103.6
review: This game is better then crack, it is insanely fun and addictive. Get the DLC though, it adds onto the game and makes it like 10x better.
game-hours: 222.7
review: Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it.
game-hours: 116.4
review: I think this game is a great stragity game and i love ot
game-hours: 64.1
review: if you like dynamic strategy games then this is your fix! 9/10
game-hours: 585.3
review: who needds sleep? Napoleon is talking junk, time to kick his derrire!
game-hours: 174.1
review: One of the best turn based strategy games ever made.
game-hours: 821.5
review: Very addicting game.
game-hours: 210.8
review: Have you ever wondered what it would be like if Ghandi F***ing murdered England? How about if Russia took of America? If you've ever wanted to control a country and change its history than Civilization is the game for you! With amazing expansion packs and long matches this is a great game. I'd give this game a 9.5 out of 10 only because of some minor bugs in the game. If you have free time and love strategy games I encourage you to buy Sid Meier's Civilization V.
game-hours: 159.4
review: great game I higly recommend
game-hours: 166.5
review: Best. game. in the ing world
game-hours: 142.4
review: What an awesome game! Clear 6-8 hours out of your day for a multiplayer game though!
game-hours: 217.1
review: ITS REALLY GOOD
game-hours: 247.0
review: I've been a Civilization addict since Civ3 i think...I hate to guess how many hours of my life have been spent on this game...JUST ONE MORE TURN!!!
game-hours: 1345.5
review: Awesome srategy incredible gameplay
game-hours: 66.0
review: This is a good way to kill alot of time.
game-hours: 194.4
review: Love this game!
game-hours: 254.6
review: This game allows the user to explore many different nations spnning thousands of years and mixes them all up in one era. The resulting fallout (literally) is simply amazing. pick this game up if your into this style of gaming.
game-hours: 379.4
review: An amazing game, and a great inprovement from Civ IV.
game-hours: 15.5
review: This game simply is the most addicting game I have ever owned. Can't get enough!
game-hours: 75.8
review: Made me play for 10 hours straight without noticing. 10/10
game-hours: 164.8
review: Absolutly stuning 3rd person game
game-hours: 1290.2
review: This game rocks buy it!
game-hours: 180.5
review: Great game, good replayability.
game-hours: 29.3
review: MUST. KILL. GHANDI. 10/10.
game-hours: 185.9
review: 7/10
game-hours: 959.3
review: Absolutely the most enjoyable time consuming non console game we have, beware it eats up your life!
game-hours: 122.3
review: excellent stragety game for you and your friends!
game-hours: 1952.9
review: Best game series ever created.
game-hours: 289.8
review: Absolutely addicting game!! I run this on a 60in LED and the picture is beautiful.
game-hours: 27.0
review: What can I say. Real-time strategy, interaction with amazing Ai's, and just an overall awesome game, especcially with the DLC, though still awesome without DLC. If you haven't tried it, well, you are gonna be blown away.
game-hours: 30.5
review: GREAT GAME!!!!!
game-hours: 1048.3
review: Thebest
game-hours: 107.5
review: Awesome game
game-hours: 10.6
review: good game
game-hours: 1138.1
review: I would recomend this game to anyone who likes running a country, or civilization. It has so many settings that can be changed, that completely change gameplay, it has many mods that add entirely new things, or take away things. Multiplayer is always fun, even if you dont always win. The only downside is not with the game itself, but with players in multiplayer. In multiplayer, the only way the game will ever end, is through war. I personally like this, but not everyone likes war as much.
game-hours: 480.0
review: A true work of art, this installation of the iconic Civilization series is the best yet, including better combat, a better culture system, and no more of those pesky holy wars. I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys strategy games and/or development games. Also, Giant Death Robot.
game-hours: 46.7
review: Civilisation is a epic stratergy game forcing one to use their wits against other in the race for supremecy
game-hours: 468.0
review: Whenever I play this game, I always say to myself 'oh, just one more turn'. I keep saying this hours later.
game-hours: 442.5
review: Literally more addicting than drugs. 10/10
game-hours: 269.6
review: great game you can be friendy with your friends or kill them with your navy
game-hours: 891.6
review: strangely compelling
game-hours: 876.9
review: Hours of endless world domination is always bound to please the conqueror in everyone.
game-hours: 215.9
review: Never ever Trust Ghandi or germeny they will kill you
game-hours: 150.0
review: This is the best turn-based stratagy I have played in a long time. The depth of the diplomacy systems is incredible and makes it feel far more realistic than any other game in its category. The variant victory types allows a large range of freedom in what you can focus your empire on. The tech system is amazing and makes sense, the culture system is undescribably better than anything like it, and the advisors give usful, if reppetitive, advice. Can you build you empire to dominate the world?
game-hours: 574.0
review: Awesome strategy game!
game-hours: 95.7
review: NUKE.
game-hours: 882.9
review: World domination anyone?
game-hours: 154.5
review: Time flies as one heads up one great civilization after another. For an old-school Civ-player, all this religion and diplomacy malarkey can get a bit hectic and feels a bit foreign at first, but it definitively adds to the atmosphere of the game. It is a well-balanced turn-based strategy game with an incredible amount of content. I have only managed to win at 'King' once and it took some thinking in the end-game. Success is not always guaranteed, but a few setbacks along the way aren't necessarily fatal. Recommended for anyone with a fair bit of spare time on their hands. Its addictive nature rarely allows for "just a quick five minutes..." type of play, but that is part of its timeless charm.
game-hours: 442.0
review: Fun to play with friends over a three day span.
game-hours: 197.5
review: Excellent game. Gan't wait for the next expansion.
game-hours: 347.1
review: GET THIS GAME
game-hours: 229.4
review: I'm always resisted playing games like Civ because I used to think they where boring or not enough action. Man was a wrong, I love this game and it has risen quickly to my top 3 favorite games.
game-hours: 3.3
review: Great Strategy Game!
game-hours: 300.8
review: Getting screwed by Ghandi and Maria Theresa, the epiphany of gaming. Great game and even better with friends.
game-hours: 123.1
review: Why shooting zombies if you can play Civ V and become a zombie urself?
game-hours: 19.2
review: NiceGame!
game-hours: 1257.8
review: For me, the Civ franchise were the original "just one more turn!" games. This one is no exception.
game-hours: 133.8
review: The game is great, but each play last a looong time
game-hours: 285.8
review: love it
game-hours: 215.1
review: good geam veri fin plis buy geam
game-hours: 156.9
review: This is one of the best games for those rts fans and just for the heck of blowing the crap out of your friends cilivization with nukes... and it just keeps getting better and better
game-hours: 251.2
review: Civ V isn't better than Civ IV, but it isn't worse; its just different. I miss Mao Zedong though.
game-hours: 49.5
review: Epic battles, good laugh when you start nuking things. Looking forward to playing this on Steam Box.
game-hours: 168.9
review: It's so simple but intricate, it's AMAZING.... If you're an RTS guy/girl, get this game! Also BNW is really good if anyone says it sucks they're wrong
game-hours: 117.7
review: Though I do recommend buying this game, that doesn't change the fact the Firaxis is full of greedy Jews (please pardon my bigotry). Wanting $30 each for thier DLC. However, after I've typed this out, I'll probably cave-in and buy G&K. But guess what? That's exactly what they (Firaxis) knew would happen!
game-hours: 114.2
review: An amazing board game style video game with a bit of history. The graphics and gameplay are both high-quality by far! I love the AI interaction. No matter how you look at it, it is a great game! I highly reccomend playing it, and you can just do soooo much with it. You can never really predict the outcome until it arrives!
game-hours: 61.5
review: Amazing game. Recommend for anyone who likes a strategy game.
game-hours: 115.0
review: A modern classic in gaming. This is a must have for world builders and sim lovers. You will be playing this game for years to come.
game-hours: 24.9
review: This game is painfully addictive.
game-hours: 155.7
review: Truely the pinnical of the Civilisation series
game-hours: 245.2
review: Civ V is by far the best of the Civ Games I have played. Also I highly recommend the Brave New World DLC.
game-hours: 381.3
review: Hate Gahndi He hates you
game-hours: 99.9
review: 10/10
game-hours: 350.2
review: This game made me believe in magic again. This game made my  grow three sizes in just three weeks! This game brought my granddad back to life. He played and had heart attack at the sheer thrill that he could manage citizens in the city. He's dead now, burried with a redeemable code to civ 5 in his grave. Dem trade routes... dose quotes... dat alternate history? 10/10 would . And the mods! The mods actually make the game fundamentaly better. They are not just window dressing. They are a thing of beauty and the people who make them should be given the medal of honor. I've wasted so much time on this game that I could have been wasting on other things and I suggest you do the same.
game-hours: 111.6
review: Games depth is going deeper and deeper. Love it =D just love it.
game-hours: 882.3
review: This has series has been my favorite game since 2003! And it just keeps getting better with each new release.
game-hours: 59.3
review: Just one more turn. Also, never trust the Ottomans. Ever.
game-hours: 110.5
review: This game destroys lives. Do not play if you value your freedom.
game-hours: 144.5
review: 50 Hours into your latest save, all is going well. Only 3 leaders left Gandhi, Caesar and Washington. you draft an 'end game' plan in your mind, you will make friends with Gandhi (for obvious reasons he's chill) then procede to befriend Caesar. Then you will take out Washington because he is a  and did not accept an open border agreement 3000 years prior HE MUST PAY. 20 turns later all is going to plan, we are now on Washingtons doorstep, Gandhi and Caesar appear to love and probably fear your superpower nation. All we need to do is eliminate the pesky Americans and ith all our military now on American soil this should not take long. Then after the swift invasion of America we will make a vote for world peace at the U.N (in rome of course) with our new found Indian and Roman brethren it is a sure win! But all of a sudden the distant droning of nuclear sirens start, quickly they become louder and louder, "what is this!?" you think to yourself, a false alarm? You shrug it off maybe Caesae bombing a city state. The game pauses... Gandhi appears on the screen, with a sinister grin he shouts "WAR" in your face. Only seconds after you see a gut wrenching sight. The camera focuses on a nuclear submarine stationed just off the coast of your pride and joy, the capital of your glorious nation. You then hear a rumble, just seconds after a nuclear warhead emerges from the previously hidden submarine, you realise it is too late... you can only watch as the missle closes in. As your city goes up in a giant cloud there are short lived screams from your beloved people, then silence. Before what had just occurred had sunk in, before you could make rescue efforts to save your much loved citizens the humming of quiet engines fall upon your ears. Suddenly countless 'stealth bombers' appear seemingly out of no where, soon the sky is blackened by planes, the game falls almost silent only the whistle of falling bombs remains. You faint from the shock of what is unfolding. You awake shortly after, Gandhi is still flattening what remains of your once prosperous empire, now with 'giant death robots' making the most of his seemingly never ending turn. As Gandhi clinically and relentlessly razes what's left of your broken nation all you can do is weep, your people hacked down in their prime and your glorious nation so mighty just minutes before has just been been all but eliminated in 1 turn. Why oh why did you turn of autosave? did it really speed your game up? was it worth it? Ghandi is a complete , he acts like your friend but WILL nuke the  out of you if even the slightest oppurtunity presents itself. 10/10
game-hours: 2601.2
review: I only played a little but it was fun.
game-hours: 316.9
review: It's like crack. You keep telling yourself 'just one more turn'. but then you realize you've been sitting in your underwear for for 36 hours and you've forgotten to check on your wife who gave birth to your baby last night.
game-hours: 3979.9
review: Made me obsessed, destroyed my social life, gave me and irrational fear of Gandhi. and made me invest countless hours into destroying civilizations. 12/10 potatoes
game-hours: 126.6
review: -playing as the US -explores and finds siam -befriends siam -finds greece -greece is a  and invades -gets in a war with greece -takes 2 greek cities and returnes the rest -greece is happy -sails to new lands and finds all other nations -befirends russia and china -gets in a foolish war with siam not knowing that every nation exept china and russia is friends with siam -feels sad because everyone hates me -makes peace with siam because im feeling guilty for being a warmonger -people start being nice to me -feels happy, only germany and arabia are guarded, everyone else is friendly -china asked me to declaire war on arabia even though he has done nothing to me -I decline because Ive decided to be an example to the civilized world -china declares war on and denounces me -germany declares war on me -every nation on earth exept for russia declaires war on me -me and russia vs. the world -I have 3 nukes and no one else has any -cant make myself use them -steamroll enemy city states south of me -steamroll greece to the north -steamroll native american settlements on some islands near me -siam discovers urainum -siam is confirmed to have nuclear power plant -must stop siam from getting nukes -US gunships race to punch a hole in siams defences -all reserve units are embarked for the invasion with destroyer escorts -gunships meet uber heavy resistance -invasion due in 2 turns -russia is being cut off from US aid -sends paratroopers to break the siege of moscow -fails due to being outnumbered 20:1 -D-Day in siam -steamrolls siam until only capital left -no sign of atomic weapons -100,000 troops surrounding the capital -air raid sirens -siam nukes himself four times along with most of my troops -paras mop up and capture the capital -sad music -all other nations in shock -we mourn our fallen troops -all nations make peace in the next 4 turns -we all are sad -decides war must end for good -changes course for diplomatic victory -starts work on UN -becomes allies with 19 city states -all nations live in realitive peace -finishes UN -wins vote -wins game 10/10 no feels like this in a game before.
game-hours: 14.1
review: When Gandhi or Ethiopia comes to your doorstep with gifts of gold, dyes, and ivory, take my advice. Ready all your tanks and nukes, arm them, AND SHOOT THEM LIKE YOUR LIFE DEPENDS ON IT. They are evil, traitorous demons. NEVER TRUST THEM. However, Genghis Khan is my best friend. He came up to me and was all like, "De full do bu la chi mendo." And I said, "Okay! Let's be friends!" I can never understand that guy, but something about our relationship just works. Ghandi Hating Simulator 2014 11/10
game-hours: 51.1
review: You'll decide to play for an hour and you'll realize four days later that your wife left you, but you're so close to killing that scumbag Gandhi that it doesn't even matter. 20/10
game-hours: 152.8
review: Never. Trust. Ghandi.
game-hours: 40.9
review: Don't attempt to play this before going to bed.
game-hours: 444.1
review: Say goodbye to your life.
game-hours: 79.3
review: Really fun game for war strategy and on top of that it gives alot of interesting facts from that time
game-hours: 139.0
review: Great and Fun Game to play.... love every minute in game!
game-hours: 655.9
review: All the Civilization games are worth the time. Who doesn't love an awesome Turn-based Strategy game? However, the developers should have spent more time of getting this game more stable, especially in Multiplayer.
game-hours: 27.4
review: This game is a total time suck. And I mean that in a good way. When I start playing, I want to keep playing for hours on end. I find it very hard to turn off in the middle of a game and save it for later. I need to see what will happen on the next turn, and the next, and the next... The different scenarios keep things fresh. My favorite is the steampunk scenario in the Gods & Kings expansion.
game-hours: 337.8
review: Absolutely fantastic, addictive game. It blends the classic likes of Sim City with the Command & Conquer series to deliver an engaging, fun experience that you won't be able to look away from!
game-hours: 11.2
review: Fastastic game! I have not been disappointed by any game in this series.
game-hours: 1129.0
review: This game is so addicting. If you are a fan of tun based strategy games this is a must have. It is enjoyable to play both single and mulitplayer games. If you are not familar with turn base strategy games then this is a good place to start. But I must warn you: you will become addicted!
game-hours: 158.9
review: This game is one of - if not the- best strategy games on steam. It's vibrant, exciting, and has near infinite replayability.
game-hours: 563.4
review: As you can probably tell, from the number of hours put into this game (550 at time of writing this), I enjoy this game. But then, I do like a good strategy game, and Sid Meier titles usually deliver on that. Civ 5 takes the formula of the first 4 in the series and refines it into a sleek, glossy, next gen-feeling game; Civ 4 all grown up, if you will. New civilizations available to play, a plethora of new gameplay and map generation options, a quality soundtrack, revamped multiplayer, and delicious visuals are just the icing on the proverbial cake. However, I do feel that the user mods don't always integrate as well as they should, and the absence of an integrated SDK (like civ 4 had) is lamentable. But hey, nothing's perfect.
game-hours: 66.1
review: Improvement on the definitive civilisation building game. Move to hexagonal tiles makes an interesting dynamic.
game-hours: 66.1
review: Improvement on the definitive civilisation building game. Move to hexagonal tiles makes an interesting dynamic.
game-hours: 230.1
review: Great!
game-hours: 159.2
review: I feel as though the best way to describe this game is Risk on steroids
game-hours: 54.5
review: ITS GOOD
game-hours: 114.1
review: Excellent game. I guess when something gets as much praise from the community as this game has done and continues to so, it's well deserved. Perhaps my one complaint is that there are not many shipped scenarios; I personally do not like playing against human opponents (I don't trust my skill all that much, I suppose). For more scenarios one must pay a pretty hefty price for the DLC (which of course, despite the price tag, are worth the money). All in all, 4.5 out of 5.
game-hours: 733.1
review: This game is full of s. Countless s. 10/10
game-hours: 69.8
review: a very good game that lives up to its nickname, just on more turn the game. you can realy loose track of time while playing it. and if your the military type like me, then you will realy enjoy the giant death robots. also caesar is a jerk, kill him first.
game-hours: 649.6
review: played more of this than i should have
game-hours: 68.9
review: wife finally let me get this, i'm gonna miss her
game-hours: 226.0
review: One of the finest, most addictive releases ever. The core game was lacking, but with the expansion packs, it is the best Civilzation game released to date.
game-hours: 722.9
review: Amazing game!
game-hours: 147.2
review: The only game where fascism is fun. 10/10
game-hours: 411.0
review: game sucks.. if you come even close to being a viable civilization, the game will give you  maps and no resources.. typical sid meyers game. I played 2 and loved it, played 3 and burned it in fireplace. skipped 4 and should have skipped 5. oh, I should add I have played games since my first one, the bards tale on my old IBM with no ram, only 2 7' flopies. lot of games have gone by the board since then and I played a lot of hours on useless ones and fun ones. other than master of orion 2 and civ 2, the sid meyer games have been by far the worst games I have ever played.
game-hours: 55.9
review: This series is still the only one that makes me absolutely loose track of time. If you like 4x games at all this is a more than worthy addition to the Civ series.
game-hours: 172.6
review: fun enuf, wish there wasn't as much DLC tho.
game-hours: 130.7
review: As any other Civilization game, the fifth installation serves to bolster the aleady excellent and unique game style only available in Sid Meier's Civilization V. Building on previous games success' while balancing out technology, wonders and new strategies that change the game in far reaching ways from the previous, Civilization IV. Though the base game has done away with religion, new paths have been added to more specialize your civilization, various "perk trees", if you will, such as Liberty, Piety or Exploration to name a few. It was with the two expansion packs, religion was brought back into the picture, as well as ideologies your nation may adopt in late game play. Along with these new perks, city states have been introduced as well, allowing for many trade oppritunities, allies, resources and even a few extra votes in the world congress to pass measures such as a World Fair or Prohibition of a certain resource. Along with this, the combat system seems to have had an upgrade, smoothing out combat and giving way to new stategy during war and combat. Any looking for an excellent 4x stategy game that will leave you wanting just one, more turn... Civilization V is the way to go.
game-hours: 59.1
review: good game mannnnn
game-hours: 178.6
review: If you like Strategy games you'll love this!
game-hours: 1585.5
review: After more than 1300 hours, not a bad game and now I just added BNW...
game-hours: 292.2
review: Good game, when I start a game I can't stop, kinda addicting.
game-hours: 345.1
review: I love this game ^^
game-hours: 66.8
review: amazing game, makes you feel like you're actually experiencing history!
game-hours: 600.9
review: Gandhi nuked the  out of me 10/10
game-hours: 235.6
review: A little bird told to me: "Go! Go, socialize, talk to those fine leaders! AND THEN KILL EVERY LAST ONE OF THEM, DROP THE NUKES INTO THEIR LANDS WHEN THEY ARE NOT LOOKING AND THEN BURN THEIR CITES TO THE GROUND!!!" Well that silly, isn't it? Hahahahahahahahah...
game-hours: 1588.1
review: Playing Civilization seriously harms you and others around you.
game-hours: 116.3
review: Such game, much amaze. Wow.
game-hours: 106.5
review: Awesome game . Worth EVERY penny. Civ 5 ftw
game-hours: 454.8
review: sooooo many hours poured into this game, I've forgotten what the Sun looks like
game-hours: 140.4
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V is another great installment in the CIvilization Series. Continuing with the theme of its predecessors, Civ V focuses on building a civilization from the time of our ancestors to beyond our modern world. The game takes an immense amount of strategy and you will find yourself constantly analyzing the situation. Fortunately, the game is turn based, so you can always take the time you need to plan out your actions. Although it may lack constant action, the game will please any player looking for a strategic challenge. Civ V requires you to manage many aspects of a civilization, from controlling your population to claiming resources to religion. The game is extremely detailed which is what makes it so enjoyable. Playing Civ V always give a good satifactory feeling due to how relieved you will feel when you discover that finally a game actually took into account all of the little aspects in a set scenario. All in all, Civ V is a great game for all strategy enthusiasts, and I recommend to all.
game-hours: 164.9
review: BEST GAME EVAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 147.3
review: Dominated Gandhi and George Washington in the same turn. 11/10.
game-hours: 77.4
review: Gy
game-hours: 99.9
review: I LOVED IT
game-hours: 97.2
review: tacking on the noobs part kind of nullifies the whole gg part
game-hours: 135.0
review: Very good game, especially if it's just one those sick days where you can't get off of the couh, very time consuming
game-hours: 276.7
review: Wonderful game, the best installment since civ 2. Hugely addictive and the long games can really take up so much time. A must for stratergy fan gamers.
game-hours: 76.5
review: Makes meth look like a joke
game-hours: 116.2
review: 10/10 but gandhi is a ing
game-hours: 201.9
review: Backstabbing Political simulator a must buy. 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 71.6
review: Every want to take over half a continent, or name all your cities "tick?" In this game you can, as you strategise on the plan for your civilization, wether it is building the notre dame or conquering every civilization in sight. It is rather hard to finish a game, one game can last for hours. I rate this 8 curries out of 10 curries
game-hours: 20.9
review: I bought this game and played a match. Its been 15 hours so far.
game-hours: 237.5
review: THIS GAME IS ONE OF MY FAVORITE STRATEGY GAME! Like C&C!
game-hours: 498.9
review: I recommend this game on its own merits, having not played much by way of the other Civilization games. However, Civ 5 works really well for me and I thoroughly enjoy it. Good systems and mechanics for tile improvements, city building and improving them, etc. With each expansion it fleshes out more and adds new systems to enjoy and explore. Basically, if you like strategy games, this one will give you a lot to see and do, and it's pretty damn enjoyable while doing it.
game-hours: 357.6
review: very good game
game-hours: 228.2
review: If you are looking for a game to spend hours upon hours playing and not even realize it, this is the game for you. Visually its stunning and its a ton of fun to play. War is tactical, no longer stack attack until you win and city/empire management is wonderful. 5star in my opinion :)
game-hours: 584.7
review: As good as the previous Civilization's, with added tabletop like stradegy & format giving it a better feel, flow, playstyle and better graphics to boot.
game-hours: 344.3
review: This was my first real Civ game, and I love it. The Brave New World expansion adds a lot of complexity and a lot of interesting elements to keep the game interesting. I've definitely sunk way too many hours into this game, but it's one of my favorite games to binge on. The game takes a lot of time to play, but because it is turn based, you can (supposedly) save at any time and play more later. I enjoy this game for more than just the style of game. I appreciate the historical information woven into the game, and I like that I can play this game while listening to or watching something else. If you like slow, tactical games, I would recommend giving Civilization V a try.
game-hours: 32.1
review: This game is one of the best games that i have played. I deffinately reccomend it especially if you love stratigy. I love to play this because i love stratigy (without stratigy i would be a mindless thug playing Call of Duty no offence). Me and my friend think it would be the perfect game to play for geography in school because it has some geological stuff in it (don't steal this idea or unless you put my name in for example thank you Ethan/Behemoth for suggesting this). Deffinately play it and maybe even challenge me if you dare and yea. recap Deffinately play it challenge me if you want and watch my youtube (soon going to be uploading Civilizations once i fix my recorder)
game-hours: 90.6
review: If you like being addicted to something that will consume all of your time. I recommend this game to anyone. Tons of fun that will last you pretty much forever. 10/10 will keep wasting my time.
game-hours: 216.9
review: Finished a game before, lost my soul.
game-hours: 47.6
review: I can't even count how many times I said I'd play a "short" game of Civilization V and landed up staying up all night! It's just that addicting.
game-hours: 29.2
review: So... I HATE this game. I hate the turn based style, I hate the look, I hate the features, but mostly I hate how much fun I have with it. The addiction this game can give you is amazing. That "One more turn" addiction. Any one game can take almost half a day to finish. I love it, I hate it,  you Sid Meier. This is a great game, but it takes a lot to get into and understand how to play. I would recommend look up videos for pointser on how to best maximize your efficiency. These games aren't for the faint of heart. Though, I will recommend it to people who like to delve deep into a games mechanics. I haven't got Brave New World yet, which I hear changes the game a lot to more fun. But that only furthers my worries. I have a love/hate relationship with this series. You'll start at 5PM but when you look at the time later, it can be 3 AM. You lose yourself in the addiction. I loved the variety of elements to the game. I could go on and on during this review. Just be warned, Time Flies.
game-hours: 74.3
review: Awesome strategy game. Reccomended to anyone who wants to create their own empire from nothing and then Nuke the  out of Ghandi.
game-hours: 253.7
review: AWESOME SAUCE!
game-hours: 151.4
review: play this soo much... its awesome
game-hours: 891.7
review: Anfangs einfach total anders als Civ IV, daher total ungewohnt, aber inzwischen mag ich nicht mehr zurck.
game-hours: 28.1
review: ok so great game ive had it before and thought why not get again on steam however i was not going to pay 30$ for a game that i bought 2 years ago for the same price so while i was at game stop last night buying an xbox game for my daughter i saw civs V sitting there all alone by itsself and a big shiny price tag of 7.49$ so i figured well damn if i can buy it for that price why cant everyone else dont get me wrong the game is soo worth 30$ but why pay more going to gamestop and buying a digital copy for steam saved me 22$ just thought i would pass this info on enjoy ur games have fun
game-hours: 43.5
review: It's Amaaaaaazing.
game-hours: 179.7
review: Absolutely amazing!!
game-hours: 428.6
review: Today is Civ 5 the best turn-based strategy on the market. Especially when you have both major DLCs - Gods & Kings and Brave New World. It has literally everything - epic battles, diplomatic schemes, spying, relgious conflicts, exploring "never the same" maps and the right feeling that you are the real emperor leading your nation to the greatness.
game-hours: 27.7
review: I started playing CIV 3, I do enjoy this game much more with the personalities of other Kings/Queens of empires. The addition of religion gives it a fresh new twist, while the graphics are very good for its title. Lots of customizable features to help you explore the game constantly anew.
game-hours: 29.0
review: The game where one more turn leads to hours of gameplay. First playthrough took ten hours. You won't get bored, guaranteed.
game-hours: 312.1
review: This is the most addictive game Ive ever played. The relationship you have with other Civs is complex and rewarding to those who try to be a good diplomat. Unfortunately, Civs sometimes do things randomly and ruin relations with other Civs because of it. The game demands for planning and careful thought for each turn. This is not a fast pace game. It is for those who like to micro-manage and work best at a slow pace. Future plans for your empire and war with another will always have you chanting just one more turn.
game-hours: 83.7
review: best ever
game-hours: 178.6
review: Once you start, you won't be able to put it down. Great entry in the Civilization franchise
game-hours: 249.0
review: Amazing strategy game!
game-hours: 720.1
review: This game is awesome. It is the computer vampire draining away my hours.
game-hours: 57.7
review: One of the best games out there, better than civ III waaay better than civ IV.
game-hours: 145.7
review: Just One MORE Turn!
game-hours: 170.2
review: So much fun, everyone should play.
game-hours: 363.6
review: Not much to say that hasn't already been said, so just do yourself a favor and click that play or add to cart button. It's also a good idea to get Brave New World as it makes an already solid game a must-play. My complaints? Well, with Brave New World's overhauled diplomacy system, there are some things I wish they would give the player more information about. When I piss off the AI, it would be nice to know exactly why rather than the vague "you own lands/wonders/pant-suits they covet" info you get in the tooltip. This becomes a more annoying issue when people start randomly denouncing you, the only information you get being "X has denounced you!". Yeah, I know they did. I was there. Another complaint I have is the oft-terrible war AI, which to me always just seems to boil down to having more ranged heavy units than the other civ, and if you're an era ahead (or at least several techs more advanced) there's even less of a challenge because trebuchets and swords just don't hold up to cannons and muskets. It's quite possible that this is just because I'm playing on a wuss difficulty, though, so it's not a huge deal. Perhaps I'm just being greedy--especially considering how fantastic this game already is--but I'd love to see them go even deeper into the diplomacy and the interaction between civs. Making a "declaration of friendship" is great and all, but I have yet to understand what that even means aside from being something that will potentially piss off a different civ (again one of those things you get no information about). Civs will ask you on a constant basis to go to war against someone they have an arbitrary grudge against, but will never ever ever become brothers-in-arms if you're the one asking them. This is also the case if you ask them for monetary/resource assistance. Assistance from the AI civs only comes with a generous helping of strategic resources or sexual favors, sometimes even both. Ah, but I digress. Just buy the game and kiss your nights goodbye. It's more fun than whatever else you think you had to do.
game-hours: 424.3
review: A great game to play with friends or on your own, only downside is that you can lose hours at a time to this game so when you sit down to play best not have anything else planned for the next few hours
game-hours: 1902.9
review: Little needs to be said about either the objective of the Sid Meier's Civilization series, or the prestige, but much can be said about each entry; how they differ and as a result how fans remain divided. Civilization V is little different, with a hexagonal tile system and 1 unit per tile limit. This has large and immediate factors on the combat gameplay as players must think far more carefully about positioning fragile units, flanking, and so forth. Artistically the game is stunningly beautiful, more so if running in DX11. The terrain is shockingly beliveable and tiles meld seamlessly together, but the true star of the visuals is the resplendent UI - based on art deco. Each icon and bar shines out with confidence and ultimately makes for a very inspiring aid as you move through the ages. The game remains pleasingly long and detailed, but has lost some of the intricate depth of personal favourite Civ 4+BtS. However, updates have improved things and could an expansion be coming?
game-hours: 520.2
review: If you are considering getting this game - then you already love Civilization/Alpha Centarui. This isn't Civ4, but it doesnt try to be. With all DLCs/expansions to date, it stands very strong on its own, and is jsut as fun, if not more so (imho) than Civ4. If we could get an Alpha Centarui remake on this engine I could die happy. Once again, if you love these types of games - get it (with all expansions/DLC - a Steam sale will throw them 50-75% off) you will not be disappointed!
game-hours: 34.3
review: Ghandi can suck my hairy balls.
game-hours: 55.2
review: Play just one more turn, I challenge you. Strategy at its best. A beautifully crafted game, finely polished thoroughly. It's so well done it surpasses Civ IV in some aspects, most notably the battle system. Not disappoint. ;)
game-hours: 43.1
review: Ahhh, good old Civ V. if you have time to spare, GET THIS BRILLIANT MASTERPIECE! cunning diplomacy and evil strategies are at your fingertips. conquer the world? or be the cultural genius? IT'S UP TO YOU!
game-hours: 118.0
review: Good enough to be called a civilization sequel, combat has changed to a strategical-tactical-like kind, culture victories/small empires are more viable, along with city-states for diplomacy-based games. The only real bad thing is the AI, which must make up for poor play with cheats, discounts or starting advantages as you play a higher "difficulty".
game-hours: 57.2
review: I have a problem with lusting over global domination. That's why I play a lot of 4X games (eXplore, eXpand, eXploit, and eXterminate). And Civ 5 is a pretty (visually speaking) fix for that "problem" of mine.
game-hours: 42.9
review: terrible.
game-hours: 183.7
review: Great game! Lots of fun. Never can stop playing after starting a new game! Must get!
game-hours: 538.2
review: Civ 5 is awesome. I sink hooooours into this without realising. Just be aware that it handles diplomacy like an idiot.
game-hours: 45.4
review: Bland at best, the combat system is still a joke, diplomacy is laughable, the ai is not able to compromise or reason. The upgrade system for units is annoying, you also can't view how your city really looks like anymore. The computer players also get massive fake resources to compensate for a lack of development and thought. Meaning all cities you conquer will generally be trash, beat the game once then never play it again or just save your money and time.
game-hours: 113.7
review: One of the best strategy games out there.
game-hours: 2.7
review: Pretty entertaining for a few hours but often gets a bit boring, overall I like owning kingdoms <3
game-hours: 580.8
review: Addicting game.
game-hours: 1293.4
review: Choose a historical civilization and create an empire. Be careful you don't get addicted to "just one more turn" gameplay. The expansion is a must buy, but with both games it could be a fairly expensive purchase. Worth it.
game-hours: 71.3
review: Never have I played a game in which "just one more move..." means 3 hours worth of gameplay (and waking up horribly late for work the next day). It's a good strategy game, just don't let Gandhi get nukes....never let that skinny freak have nukes.... Gandhi. Buy this game and kill Gandhi today :D
game-hours: 241.7
review: One of the last, yet still great of a dying genre the RTS. If you can afford it definitely pick this up, and don't forget to check out the expansions, which may not seem all that important until you've tried playing without them. They work as though they were always in the game and only further immerse your experience.
game-hours: 8.3
review: CIV V is a great game
game-hours: 461.4
review: Loads of fun
game-hours: 181.7
review: too much fun, but when i stop playing i realize ive played an 8 hour session
game-hours: 222.5
review: The fifth installment adds some interesting changes to this legendary turn-based strategy series. Probably the most significant (or at least most-noticed) change is that armies can no longer be stacked on top of each other, which requires completely new strategies, especially since cities can shoot at enemies seprately from any troops that might be stationed there.
game-hours: 57.7
review: Good old Civ, never gets boring ... if it's not boring at the first place )
game-hours: 116.5
review: Love this game, good way to burn away 12 hrs...
game-hours: 146.7
review: Truly the greatest strategy game of all time.
game-hours: 52.0
review: the best strategy game ever
game-hours: 126.4
review: NEXT TURN
game-hours: 93.4
review: Highly addictive! Amazing mod community if you have the DLC.
game-hours: 424.4
review: Gameplay/Playability:9/10 Art/Graphics:6/10 Story/Lore: 7/10 Multiplayer/Coop: Potentially 10/10 Overall: Pleasantly time consuming strategy game. Extra: You get to choose your own civilization and start building it from the ground up in the ancient era. Compete with other civilizations to grow into a superpower of the modern era. The way the game is scaled, one could easily find his or her self spending many hours in a single playthrough.
game-hours: 145.1
review: Sid Meier's Civ V is a must own game. Personally, I would have never seen myself playing this game. But I bought it on sale one day and I can say its one of my top games. Its a fun, well made, and all around enjoyable game. The different civilazations create a different game every time you start one up. The variety is really really relaxing as you dont feel a grind, or a sense of repetition. The gameplay it self is awesome. Turn based game with lots of things happening at once. You build up your civ. and your battle it out with other civs, or you may go a passive route and win economically or culturally. Plus there is awesome online play which make it really fun to battle it out versus friends or team up with friends and fight other AI or Users. MUST HAVE!
game-hours: 180.1
review: 11 hour games... just did 3 in a row. loved every second of it. wtffff this game too addicting
game-hours: 26.8
review: Very fun, but not a game you "just play for 15 minutes".
game-hours: 388.8
review: First off: this game is really fun. It's easy to setup a game that will take you 45 mins or one that will last you several days. The graphics and sounds are very well done, and the unique civilizations are interesting enough to try out different strategies. However... the game doesn't seem as deep now; diplomacy and technology are now pretty shallow. Do not get me wrong, you will get your money's worth because--like any Civ game--the replayability is staggering and they are releasing patches every 6-10 weeks to help out with balance and AI. You may want to wait for a sale to get all the DLCs since they are a bit pricey. If you want to change the original game, just visit the built-in mod browser and download something popular. The modding community is very active and will probably support this game for a few years to come.
game-hours: 21.3
review: This long standing "thinking mans game" about building up your very own civilization from the B.C. era to modern times plays like an advance form of Risk.
game-hours: 73.4
review: Alexander the Great is a . Buy this game.
game-hours: 39.3
review: No one wants to play this with me...
game-hours: 231.9
review: This is a solid upgrade over earlier versions of Civilization I've played. The cultural victory seems to be the easiest for most leaders to achieve. The game definitely makes you be active though. There is always one or two key resources that are in short supply around the world that you have to go out and find. Some leaders play very different - Kamehamaha for example who can embark on oceans right away. Others, like Ramses maybe not so much. There is more difference in how they act during the game than how they work when you play them, I think. But the differing skill levels and boards can keep changing the game dynamics - as can luck of the draw. There always seems to be some very crowded areas which force people to go to war and then one or two civilizations who are off sort of on their own with lots of room to grow. Definitely worth playing around with and trying out different approaches.
game-hours: 247.0
review: Toss up between Civ V and Civ IV for best in series, but definitely a close match. A lot depends on preferences. This one is definitely more streamlined and probably easier for a newcomer though.
game-hours: 152.4
review: Best turn based strategy game series ever. Go buy it and then experience "one more turn syndrome" for yourself
game-hours: 191.8
review: its the best strategy game you could ask for!!
game-hours: 3207.6
review: An enduring title with many hours of entertaining and unique play. One of the few high reply value games out there.
game-hours: 296.3
review: If the fact I already have 300+ hours isn't a good enough recommendation, then I don't know what is. Great game, and the satisfaction of beating deity is almost second to none.
game-hours: 58.7
review: It's a good game overall. Interesting and can be fun if you like history or turn-based strategy games. The leaders scene are quite impressive and improve from the previous Civilization games. Also, with the new DLC, this game sure is going to be a lot more fun! A recommmended game to everyone who likes to learn history, spend their free time or even just for fun. :)
game-hours: 25.8
review: Time consumer deluxe. Have too much spare time? No problem!
game-hours: 146.7
review: Want to Time Travel? Get it!
game-hours: 181.2
review: I like it
game-hours: 174.0
review: awesomw!
game-hours: 172.7
review: I absolutely love this game, it's a massive time-sink, but very much worth it. Being mainly a singleplayer game, you can easily pause for days and then return to the game, a feature I quite enjoy myself.
game-hours: 32.2
review: Round 5 to come back as the mongol conqueror Khan and use brute force with land force to conquer the world. Or make peace with the world and win diplomatically as Ghandi. Show the world what your civilization is made of and win the space race in your capitalistic society as Washington. Or spread your culture and dominate the world through your taste in music and foods as Ramkamhaeng. Or... just nukle everyone else out of existence. Civ 5 is epic and legit. You want.
game-hours: 236.1
review: This is pretty much the best game ever!
game-hours: 1460.4
review: One More Turn (repeat till 2 AM)
game-hours: 195.3
review: HEXDLCCiv4
game-hours: 122.9
review: Hot
game-hours: 208.9
review: Amazing strategy game. Can't describe how much fun you can have and how well thought the game is all around.
game-hours: 981.9
review: MP: 4/10, released unfinished. Broken multiplayer implementation. SP: 7/10, good game. Interesting take on old CIV franchise. Focus is on quality of cities, not on their numbers. How old tactics like smallpoxing works now depends on civilization you chose to play as each one has it's own special traits. Compared to CIV I&II and freeciv-games producing military units is handled better as they won't tax city production. Added culture and religion systems makes also small empires viable to win the game. Interface geared towards casual gamers has some irritating traits. I purchased this for multiplayer games and technically MP is not working very well. Players might get disconnected, can't join the game and randomly some saved game just won't load at all (previous autosave usually works). Also game is lacking lots of features which are implemented in _free_ freeciv like auto-go/attack and that makes MP games fast clicking fest. You might want to pick this title for SP games from discount sales.
game-hours: 156.9
review: Just one more turn. "What do yo mean it's been 3 days since I sat down to play?"
game-hours: 23.1
review: Exceptionally well designed gameplay, one of the most beautiful soundtracks ever composed and all that multiplayer supported. You like strategic board games and complex econemy systems? Then this game is a must buy for you!
game-hours: 139.4
review: Noce bi on
game-hours: 380.2
review: An incredibly addictive and massively fun strategy game that's great for passing the time and easily accessible for those not particularly used to playing strategy games.
game-hours: 48.9
review: The type of game that can suck you for hours as soon as you pick it up... 5/5
game-hours: 171.7
review: If you are a Civilizatoin fan this new installment is a must have. Great graphics, new units, new civics to use, and much more.
game-hours: 16.3
review: This games is fantastic and amazing. Enough said. Now buy it.
game-hours: 243.3
review: Awesome stuff. It's a great game but it only shows its real potential when you have all the expansion set.
game-hours: 33.6
review: Civilization V is perfect installment for Civilization franchise, good gameplay; A.i. little too agressive, but when you get used to it, you'll start to like this game. Bad sides of this game is, that when you buy Civilization V, then buy Gold Edition, because you'll save money and get so many expansions.
game-hours: 59.8
review: This game has made me look at history class so diffrently. When my teacher says an important land mark i pretty much have already heard of it or know about it! It also shows the armies of each nation very histoically accurate. i would defientntly recommend this game for anyone!
game-hours: 53.4
review: what is time
game-hours: 93.9
review: A classic well-made turn-based strategy.
game-hours: 523.5
review: Just... one more turn..
game-hours: 604.2
review: A good, updated version of the classic with some exceptional new features. Still a lot of fun in single player, but my friends and I love the multiplayer.
game-hours: 181.6
review: Addictive.
game-hours: 204.0
review: IMHO, nowhere near as good as Civ 4 and the 2 expansions are highly recommended. Much easier than every other edition in the Civ series. They've done a decent job patching out issues created by the changes. Infinite City Sprawl seems to be a bit less effective than it was at release.
game-hours: 150.0
review: Great game, especially with brave new world. One of the best turn based strategy games out there.
game-hours: 548.1
review: You too can learn of the might and the fury of a Gandhi enraged.
game-hours: 411.5
review: The all-time champion of strategy games. Though not its most complex entry, the best balance of complexity and speed.
game-hours: 374.0
review: Get this game, what are you waiting for?
game-hours: 83.5
review: The best Turn-Based stragety game ever played!
game-hours: 928.0
review: I only started playing this genre with Civ IV. I really liked it. Civ V is a whole new challenge with familiar surroundings. Religion and espionage are OK, I'd like it if yo could have your spy sabotage or do more even if you've out researched your oppenent. I'ts a good game and quite enjoyable playing againt/with friedns.
game-hours: 5404.1
review: I've played every Civ game since the original. Civ V is definitely a worthy addition to the legacy.
game-hours: 535.2
review: Ten days spent on this games alone... nuff' said
game-hours: 82.9
review: Gandhi is a . 0/10
game-hours: 49.3
review: Really a great, FATASTIC game.But it would be better if there was auto save. Andif there is someone tell me i cant seem to find it.
game-hours: 126.8
review: Awesome game
game-hours: 437.9
review: What wow!
game-hours: 82.0
review: Have played none of the previous Civilization games, I didn't expect to get a whole lot out of this title... but I was very wrong! The turns move quickly, the game is easy to get into, and the maps are fun to explore. Plus, it's fun to play co-op with friends against the AI!
game-hours: 637.1
review: This the best game ever
game-hours: 140.1
review: The most accurate part of this game is that Ghandi always but always nukes you. I really think this aspect add realisim on top of the fact that Atilla wins a cultural victory.
game-hours: 404.0
review: This has been eating my brain for days. Got it through Humble Bundle and am loving it.
game-hours: 2074.2
review: Great. I've played civ since it first came out on the old Amiga computers. i guesstimate i have almost 1 year of playing time through all those editions. Yes, i am addicted to civ.
game-hours: 150.0
review: So many hours have been devoted to this black hole of a game. I regret none of them.
game-hours: 370.8
review: Great game! Perfect for Stragity lovers! Great gameplay and best Turn base game i've ever played!
game-hours: 59.2
review: Just one more turn will always last another 3 hours. Great game.
game-hours: 131.2
review: This may be the single greatest game ever, from it's awesomeness, to it's epicness, it makes you suck a  and like it.
game-hours: 59.6
review: A really good game for people who love strategy games
game-hours: 110.2
review: Great strategy game!
game-hours: 289.0
review: yea
game-hours: 6480.8
review: Great strategy and building game. Long hours of play time. A+
game-hours: 21.6
review: v
game-hours: 222.5
review: Best in the franchise, best in it's genre. Civilization V is one of my favourites games ever made. It's biggest issue is how addictive it is. But hey, they say that time enjoyed is not time wasted, right? 10/10
game-hours: 31.9
review: A good improvement on Civ IV (in my opinion a lowpoint of the series). Still suffers from the typical Civ end-game where every turn takes a very long time. The religion and trading systems are expanded upon in the DLC (Brave New World), which add a new dimension to the game - trade is essential to stay afloat in the early game. A wide choice of countries and leaders and the hex tile system also add to the game. I wouldn't pay $50 for the DLC packs - they aren't a whole new game.
game-hours: 619.2
review: I highly reccomend this game its the best game on steam
game-hours: 358.8
review: 60 hours played within like 2weeks
game-hours: 506.8
review: This is the ultimate civilization game in the best turn based game series!
game-hours: 1070.3
review: A very good game, with hundreds of mods at your disposal you can play the game for hours days, weeks even. I, myself , logged close to a thousand hours of gametime to this game. Probably one of the best strategy games out there.
game-hours: 285.8
review: Once again Sid Meier challenges us to build another historical empire, but does the fifth installment in the Civilization series stand up to its predecessors? Well not exactly... -Gameplay- the Civilization series revolves around addictive turn-based strategy, as you build a historical empire from pre-history to the modern age and beyond. Civilization V however, has overhauled the classic gameplay civilization veterans will be used too and replaced it with a much more streamlined mechanics. While this has attracted many new fans to the franchise, older Civ fanatics may be disheartened by the more casual approach to this old favourite. Firstly two rather striking changes are noticeable from previous installments, the movement tiles and unit stacking. For those new to the series, movement tiles are 2D paths that units within the game are moved upon, similar to a chess board. Civilization 5 removes its original square tiles for a new hexagonal approach, which while offering more diverse movement and strategy is hindered by the limitations of new unit stacking and casualised game mechanics. Originally in previous Civilization games, units built by the player could be stacked on a single tile, to create offensive and strategic forces to be used against the computer or other players. Civilization V limits units to one per tile, which limits stategic options and rather negates the potential of the new hexagonal tile layout. Meanwhile, beneath the glaring omissions on the surface more trouble brews. Lazily coded AI and bizzare design choices bring an already troubled game down further. Strategy and skill is completely useless on the most extreme difficulties difficulties, as cheats and shortcuts replace well coded computer AI, leading to unbeatable opponents or useless allies. While the expansions seem to fix some of these issues, a videogame should not rely on paid content to fix problems in its base vanilla game. -Summary- Overall, while Civilization can be entertaining for a few heavily tweaked and modified games there are still some glaring flaws in what could have been another outstanding entry in the Civilization Series. + It's the same historical strategy game we all know and love + Game is still relatively entertaining until its flaws become noticeable + Healthy mod scene + More casual gameplay may attract new fans to the series - It's not exactly the same historical strategy game we all know and love - Poor design choices - Awful AI - relies too much on expansion content and modders to fix its problems Civilization V deserves 6/10 With expansions 7/10
game-hours: 200.5
review: I love Civ 5. One of the best games ever made.
game-hours: 362.2
review: Just plain ol enjoyable.
game-hours: 646.5
review: Dis game be like, da best thing evar.
game-hours: 1918.4
review: This is not a game, it is a time travel device. Once you boot it up, you find yourself 5 - 10 hours in the future at the blink of an eye.
game-hours: 303.0
review: A worthy successor to the venerable Civilization franchise. Still at the top of the family's list of pasttimes.
game-hours: 212.0
review: Great game, expect to forget what the sun looks during the 2-3 weeks after you buy this game
game-hours: 3.7
review: Wasn't really my favorite but if you like the series then this game will keep you up at night and will enjoy it(until the point when you die).
game-hours: 309.5
review: With the new Gods and Kings expac, this game is taken from a mediocre entry into the hallowed series to a game worthy of being a Civ Game.
game-hours: 14.8
review: Gave me a raging clue.
game-hours: 22.5
review: It's fun
game-hours: 0.9
review: Its a good game even though it uses the usual Firaxis strategy (make an OK game then sell the DLCs that make it MUCH better for almost full price, for example the new Xcom) the only expansion you want is Brave New World
game-hours: 116.9
review: awesome
game-hours: 188.7
review: One of my favrioute ever games absouloutley brilliant multiplayer and singleplayer reallly great worth buying
game-hours: 1336.8
review: Like Risk, with less rage quiting.
game-hours: 81.6
review: Civilization V is a very tactical game filled with fun and excitment as you take your turn. I suggest any of you who are a fan of strategy games or conquering things :3 I give it a good 9.5/10
game-hours: 3051.9
review: Get your  together.
game-hours: 84.2
review: "I'm near the end. I'll just finish this game and go to bed," you say. You lift your eyes to the clock a moment later and it's 4:30a.m. and your civilization hasn't even discovered the internet.
game-hours: 159.7
review: A Spectacular accomplishment.
game-hours: 2103.2
review: This is a very entertaining way to rewrite the history of humanity... that is unless you find yourself in the same area as both Attila the Hun and Genghis Khan, then it becomes an epic struggle for survival... Other than that, the truely unique approach to this game ensures that you will never play two games the same way... 93%
game-hours: 419.2
review: Is your  between 0 and 12 inches? Get this game and be 13inches+
game-hours: 245.3
review: Deep down, it's really not a different game from the pixelly DOS one I used to play late into the night, very badly, way back when. Still simple enough for a kid with plenty of depth, a decent learning curve and enough variety to keep you entertained for years. The multiplayer definitely needs some work, still buggy and can't be modded, but single player still has plenty of depth to go around.
game-hours: 157.8
review: Grab a 30 rack or 3, sit down with a few friends, and LAN this game all day long. Most fun I've hd sitting in one place for 16 straight hours.
game-hours: 23.6
review: THIS GAEM IS FAN
game-hours: 109.1
review: Civilization V is very different in a lot of ways from the other games in the franchise. In some ways it's great, in other ways it was disappointing. But maybe the disappointments came from the gameplay changes that made it so different. Here's what's new: -Cities are MUCH more difficult to take over. They can attack other units from several spaces away, and need to have a substancial about of damage dealt to them before they can be taken over. -You can have only one of a particular unit type on the same tile. (A worker and a soldier can be on the same space, but not two workers or two soldiers). This means that you can't stack workers to get a job done sooner. And you can't move a worker through another worker. Instead you have to go around). -Certain range units can attack from several spaces away. -Artillary, like the cannon, need to use a movement point to deploy before firing. -There are many, neutral city-states scattered around the map. You can conquor them, but it's usually to your disadvantage, as it will make other city-states hate you. However, if you befriend them, they'll give you culture, religious points, sometimes units (soldiers and great people), as well as extra votes at the United Nations. They'll also go to war against any nation you go to war with. Therefore, the majority of the game feels like just a race for the favor of these city-states. And there is little purpose in going after them. -There are major disadvantages to expanding your empire. More cities means a higher cost for policies, and the inability to build certain wonders until a specific building is built in each one of your cities. Also, conquoring any city, even if they were the original aggressors, will make all other nations hate you. Unless you are over powered, this makes it very difficult to take over the world through warefare. I got this during the Humble Bundle Sale. I probably wouldn't pick it up for full price, but when you find a good deal, I'd snatch it up in a heart beat. I'd say the game and all it's expansions would be worth around $20. But then again, I rarely spend more than $20 on a game.
game-hours: 48.9
review: 10/10 would bang
game-hours: 27.6
review: I am addicted to this damned game.
game-hours: 106.4
review: FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN
game-hours: 10.2
review: Best Civilization yet! Combines old Civilization with Civ Revolution to make the best of both worlds. Highly recommend!
game-hours: 231.4
review: I would recommend this game to anyone who likes strategy games.
game-hours: 98.5
review: I cannot even begin to describe how good this game is. Download the demo and see for yourself. I played the demo many times through before I bought the game.
game-hours: 396.8
review: Very deep game with a TON of replayability. You are the ruler of a nation and you must build it up from the stone age to the space age and everything in between. Absolutely recommended!
game-hours: 398.3
review: A really fun, easy going, not hard but still complex strategy.
game-hours: 56.7
review: Great game, hours of fun. Can definitly eat up a day. Always remember, just one more turn...
game-hours: 63.4
review: Learn agriculture, culture, dynasties, economics, governments, trade, and warfare. Civilization V gives you an adventure from the past to modern world. Highly recommended.
game-hours: 302.8
review: Sid Meier's CIvilization is an odd game. I don't normally fancy strategy games, and I'll be honest on the singleplayer side this game is a bit boring. But multiplayer is... I'm going to try to describe this in the most articulate way I can... hella great. The diplomatic relationships between your friends, the trades and wars and alliances secretly going on over steam chats. If you have friends to play it with, I would say it's a great buy even if you're not into this kind of game because lord knows I'm not, and I don't even play it to win I just try to play with my friends and hopefully screw someone over then go down in the most dramatic way possible. If you don't, it's still a solid that adds solid features to an already solid series. So it's good, but I don't really like this sorta game so the multiplayer aspect is the only part I can enjoy. I have bought all of the dlc for this game as well, and I could not possibly regret it. Some of the best dlc additions I've seen. 9/10 pickles
game-hours: 13.9
review: Screw this game. It's too addicting. I go play this game thinking I'll just spend a few hours on Friday night playing this game. Next thing I know, it's Sunday night not knowing where the hell did my weekend go. It's a game where you say to yourself "One more move..." turns to two hundred more moves and six hours later. I literally started this game at 7pm and next thing I knew, it is 5am and only had 1 hour of sleep until I had to get ready for work. Btw, screw Ghandi. Do not make peace with him. He will always make war with you.
game-hours: 240.2
review: Awsome, but could be improved upon. Endless Space is better
game-hours: 135.8
review: Its good
game-hours: 541.5
review: Many hours canbe spent in this one, waiting on loading mostly;(
game-hours: 70.6
review: This game is amazing. It might seem as if each time you play its going to be the same but no matter what the game will always be diffrenet. the first day I got this game I played for 10 hours straight. This game is amazing. Its like a board game but has so many more features.
game-hours: 83.5
review: With the Gods & Kings expansion the game is nicely rounded out and I think a worthy Civ title.
game-hours: 294.7
review: If you are thinking of getting a strategy game for this sale, go with this. i would also recommend buying the standerd version then BNW cause BNW includes G and K and adds more too, so its just more bang for your buck. If u do get it msg me so we can play!
game-hours: 145.5
review: Some could say Civilization V is the greatest turn based strategy games in years, i would agree. This game makes you think before you act and one wrong decision could cost you the game. for example you could opt for a full out military assualt on an empire that you think you outnumber or just have more technology then but after years and years of bloodshed you find yourself backed up against a wall with no one to save you, maybe you should of peaced out while you had the chance? maybe you shouldnt of started the war in the first place and went along your merry way. This is what civilization is all about, yes it might look simple on the outside or boring, but everyone who is a fan of turn based strategy games will understand how amazing this game really is. Definitely reccomend
game-hours: 9.3
review: Great game, complex but yet simple enough.
game-hours: 179.9
review: i was expecting it to be WAY more complicated THANKS QUILL18 FOR GETTING ME INTO CIV THIS ONES FO YOU MAN
game-hours: 7.2
review: Slow and meticulous but draws you in. Fun like risk with friends on a late saturday night.
game-hours: 813.1
review: I've never been much of a Strategy game person, but this and Xcom: Enemy Unknown really changed that. This game is a little rough around the edges without the Brave New World and Gods & Kings expansions. I highly recommend both of those to get an extremely complete and well rounded game. As the saying goes: "One more turn." As you can see I have spent well over 700 hours on this game and I have enjoyed almost every moment of it. I always seems to fall back into and and just enjoy the game play. The game also has a very good amount of history you can learn from in just by reading the built-in wiki. I have since taken up an interest in history, just due to this game. There are just so many things I can write about this game, but I think the best thing I can really say is you should try it for yourself. I am sure you will enjoy it, especially if you are already into Strategy games!
game-hours: 22.0
review: Best Time Waster 2013. That is all.
game-hours: 405.1
review: Good game
game-hours: 227.1
review: ONE MORE TURN
game-hours: 200.1
review: Best Strategy Simulator out there. The DLC makes brilliant changes to gameplay. Highly recommended
game-hours: 79.7
review: This game is so fun and addicting to play, it will take your hours away without you even thinking about it. Defintely recommend picking it up.
game-hours: 21.1
review: Good stuff here, can't get enough.
game-hours: 64.7
review: One of the best strategy, turn-based games I've played in a long time. Conqour the world or win the hearts or awe of millions, you choose how you want to win this thing. The entire set-up works great because sometimes you have to rely on your enemies to get the job done, whatever it is that your doing. This is just for the base game alone; when you take into account Gods and Kings expansion, holy CRAP, this thing is the best ever. Espionage and Religion (only in Gods and Kings) add such an addictive game mechanic, you'll never stop playing this. Every single turn is a "Please...just one more turn then I'm DONE..." crawl to the finish line, even if you've already gotten there.
game-hours: 474.2
review: Too busy playing this game to recommend it. Just one more turn.
game-hours: 551.1
review: It's Civ 5, do you REALLY need a better reason?
game-hours: 19.6
review: The game of all time!
game-hours: 58.0
review: Any strategy game fan will find more than enough enjoyment in Civilization 5. Be sure to prepare yourself for sitting in front of your PC for hours on end.
game-hours: 57.9
review: This game is awesome. Although the game may seem complicated the game really helps you throughout the game with hints and recommendations, and it helps that the menu is easy to understand. The characters in the game are well done but are lacking dialouge. The graphics, surprisingly, are a very strong part of the game. The lasting appeal is endless as their is so many scenarios to play as, especially is you obtain the dlc's for the game. The ganplay is great and fun, and the AI is good and keeps the game interesting. Building your own civilization from scratch and conquering the world is awesome 8.5/10- addictive and awesome
game-hours: 15.4
review: Awesome strategy game that really gets you thinking. I love the history,art,and thought put into this game. The game feels overall pretty well balanced civilizations and societal and political trees,few have game breaking advantages can be found as opposed to some RTS. It's a great game to sit back and play a week long game vs a few computers a few steps at a time with, or to go at it with friends and try to conquer the world. Great visuals, music in these games isn't usually my thing. Looking forward to grabbing the DLCs
game-hours: 41.1
review: If you own the expansions (G&K and BNW), then this is one of the best and most accessible 4X games ever created. It's lacking a certain something by itself, but the expansions on top make this a fantastic purchase that just takes massive bites out of you free time. Without expansions: This is a great game to buy while on sale. With expansions: Worth all of your time and money.
game-hours: 245.2
review: Probably the best game in the Civ series, especially with the expansion packs adding additional content. The DLC also gives more options as to how you want to play - pretty much every aspect is customisable to your own playstyle. At no time does this game feel like a slog to play, as your civilisation moves through the ages different challenges and priorities appear for you to focus on.
game-hours: 88.4
review: Takes a long time to complete a playthrough but definatly offers more that you would have thought in terms of ways its possible to play. Very entertaining to play i would recommend it to people who like "Risk", because of the way the map is set out/
game-hours: 1035.9
review: Having been a 'Civ Addict' since the original Civilization release over 20 years ago I was initially disappointed with this release as the game did not appear to have the depth of other civ games, particularly civ 4. However the more I played this it became apparent that the game dynamics were far more intricate than I first percieved, offering challenges for both beginners and Civ veterans. With 2 well planned expansions adding a level of depth that rivals, if not superceeding civ 4, I now rate this game as the best in the series. With nearly a 1000 hours of gameplay, I've probably invested more time in this game than any other game in my collection and it still offers exceptional replay value on the higher difficulty levels. I can't recommend this game highly enough, quite simply it is astounding!
game-hours: 44.9
review: It's a nice one.
game-hours: 1462.7
review: This game is very good, I've spent a lot of time playing Civ 5. The developers continue to release patches for the game as well as publish downloadable content in the Steam Store. The Game of the Year edition contains most of the downloadable content and I'd suggest getting that if you get this game!
game-hours: 27.6
review: nice game
game-hours: 164.4
review: play it ers!
game-hours: 165.1
review: The best strategy ever!
game-hours: 75.2
review: 4 **** I struggle to understand a lot of civs concepts but I can recognize a good game when I see it. This title has a lot going for it, its better than 4 in my opinion. So if you like this sort of thing give it a go.
game-hours: 2.1
review: 9/10 very fun game
game-hours: 239.7
review: So. Good. Streamlined nicely for casual players, but fully capable of supporting advanced players. The graphics are beautiful, the gameplay immersive and guaranteed to make you keep uttering the phrase that's practically the series' trademark: "Just one more turn" until three in the morning. If you're at all interested in turn-based strategy you've just found it's crown. PLAY IT.
game-hours: 95.0
review: ing barbs
game-hours: 76.3
review: a very good game
game-hours: 333.9
review: The one thing that the Civilization series lacked, for me, was tactical combat. Civ5 adds this new layer to the game, and the result is fantastic. Unfortunately, the Civ AI has never been formidable in warfare and, with this more complex war system, the flaws are more noticeable than ever. Nonetheless, this game is extremely engaging and re-playable, a very easy recommendation.
game-hours: 82.8
review: Still a wonderful game.
game-hours: 623.6
review: ING LEGITNESS
game-hours: 35.3
review: It's the perfect mix of a strategy and casual. Also I get to nuke people.
game-hours: 381.2
review: Winter is coming.
game-hours: 34.1
review: Strategie, Wirtschaft, Multiplayermodus... Alles was man braucht, einfach die pure Aufbaufreude :)
game-hours: 57.9
review: Amazing strategy game! Definitely a must buy for any fan of the genre! HOURS if not days worth of gameplay in ONE MATCH. Worth anywhere between 15 to 25$
game-hours: 121.1
review: I like the new Gods and Kings update.
game-hours: 56.1
review: Play it for hours, always fun.
game-hours: 105.8
review: This game eats all your time, but you will be so entertained in the process. A+
game-hours: 205.3
review: Best strategy game i've ever played
game-hours: 88.1
review: sick blud
game-hours: 308.5
review: Prepare to lose all time. This game is a black-hole of awesome.
game-hours: 27.0
review: It's a trap! A digital purgatory from whence you may not escape. SAVE YOURSELF!
game-hours: 186.9
review: Best Strategy Game
game-hours: 518.7
review: By far the best of the civilization games, as an old Civ 2 player I found Civ 5 to have everything I missed in the old masterpiece. Civ 5 delivers like Civ 3 and 4 with their strange game builds never did. Interesting battles, no more tech-stealing from city captures, government "talent trees" instead of simply chosing a government, etc. The Tech-tree can seem a bit short though, and the AI make misstakes in battles, but a modifiable game pace and multiplayer solves those issues.
game-hours: 27.4
review: This game is amazingly fun, just take breaks every 7 hours so you avoid a blood clot in your leg.
game-hours: 427.3
review: TimeSink5 is a fab distraction
game-hours: 85.5
review: The 'ole fall back game... it's just good and always there :-)
game-hours: 163.4
review: This game is tons of fun. It has a deep singleplayer that will keep you in your seat for hours. The multiplayer is a lot of fun when you play with your friends.
game-hours: 1163.8
review: I love this game and I think it is fun to play. I bought it months ago and I am still playing it!
game-hours: 335.4
review: 7/10 Civ 5 is a fun game but there are some bugs that needed to be fixed for a while which hurt this game so much.
game-hours: 391.2
review: It's great:)
game-hours: 230.4
review: This game is amazing, more people need to play it. It is only fun if you are playing with friends, by yourself, it is boring.
game-hours: 312.6
review: Classic empire building game. Timeline goes from the stone ages up until you colonize space. I've been playing some version of this game for 25 years (yikes). Civ 5 looks good but is resource intense for some older computers. I've wasted a lot of my life playing this game.
game-hours: 314.6
review: Fun. Unless Brazil/Aztecs/Spain/England/Mongolia/ETC. Then .
game-hours: 340.3
review: OMERGERD. VERY GOOD. MUCH RECOMEND.
game-hours: 82.0
review: I'm gonna flunk my degree because of this game. But still.
game-hours: 318.8
review: Highly enjoyable and highly replayable. Like other installments in the series, you're building civilization - either from scratch or at a certain point in time. The Base Game is worth the price by itself but if it ever somehow starts to bore you, pick up the God and Kings Expansion. Once you get to the Renaissance (w/ G+K), Espionage will become available. Recently I was playing a campaign and had managed to keep everyone friendly with me up to that point by avoiding ALL negative diplomatic actions and keeping a decent sized army. Espionage kicks in, and I figure based on my performance so far, I must be in the lead for Scientific discoveries, as I had been the one who hit the Renissance. I put my guy on Counter-Intelligence figuring I couldn't steal tech. from anyone. My spy catches and kills a rival spy and I'm forced to confront the invading nation. I tell them to stop, but they try again later. I plunge into my first war after turtling the entire game.
game-hours: 153.3
review: I don't recommend this game at all. The AI is terrible in intelligence, and the difficulty levels are either incredibly too easy, or incredibly too difficult. There is no middle ground to really build your knowledge of the game easily. The diplomacy in the game is terrible, and their are not enough civs without shelling out more cash for DLC which unless you play the mods alot is total garbage. The only plus this game has to offer is the combat.
game-hours: 40.5
review: Fun and addictive game, not as difficult as you might think, get it!
game-hours: 201.7
review: This is such an awsome straghty game! U should buy it!
game-hours: 501.6
review: The best TBS game of 2013!
game-hours: 203.1
review: This my
game-hours: 24.7
review: 20
game-hours: 57.7
review: Super Party Poper Gamming Awesome Expert Fun GAME
game-hours: 149.8
review: This is a very kick  game. I love it my battles can last four hours and still not finish.
game-hours: 51.1
review: An amazing game that involves so many great features, with great DLC, community and mod support! i would strongly recommend this if anyone is thinking of buying it.
game-hours: 590.7
review: The Expansions are really what made this good game, great.
game-hours: 1113.8
review: Best Civ's YET! Fun, addciting and a great value for the time played. No more stacks of Doom! Amazingly Crisp GfX! 9/10!
game-hours: 307.2
review: Amazing history game. They are spot on and everything they add allows for more culture, civilizations and religions to shine. Amazing. Probably my favorite strategy game.
game-hours: 146.3
review: Destroy all civilizations. Rule the world. Dominate all.
game-hours: 99.8
review: It's so good. Buy it.
game-hours: 227.7
review: Hexagons
game-hours: 190.5
review: After playing this games predecessor, Civ IV, playing Civilization V is different enough to warrant a new game, but similar enough to be part of the same franchise. Like the previous iterations, you control a nation with the goal to bring it from its humble roots into a major power. Unlike other games, war is not your only option. Being a highly cultured nation or being the first to go to space are very viable options, especially if you plan for it. You can also win via diplomacy, but its not very viable in this game. A major change from Civilization IV is that you cant stack units. Whereas before, you could just bring a dozen units or so and take down an opponents city in a turn, battles now take time and planning as you surround a city and whittle its defenses. This change in mechanics brings interesting tactics into the game.
game-hours: 311.5
review: this game is so OMG good. buy it
game-hours: 22.2
review: Amazing!!!! it's the best strategy game i have ever played!
game-hours: 132.3
review: An huge and epic piece of Round Based Strategy. In this game you start of with an ancient Civilzation and develop it further and further, until you reach the modern times or even the future. I personally find this game very addicting and lots of fun.
game-hours: 68.8
review: Intrigueing game, lots of options and the computer teams up on you for a beat down...great turn based game
game-hours: 388.4
review: Fantastic game. Great visuals, smooth gameplay and most importantly, hours and hours of diverse gameplay. A must have.
game-hours: 49.0
review: Hours of addictive turn-based glee.
game-hours: 460.5
review: This game can be immensly fun. However, Vanilla is very weak gameplay wise. Gods and Kings helps out a bit but the game is not really complete until Brave New World unfortunatly. With all the DLC (excluding mappacks), the game is very complete. As most games, this one is more interesting with friends and the multiplayer is very playable with timer options and the ability to save and come back at any time. The best part of the game, however comes from the community. All of the mdos out there for the game will keep anybody busy for plenty of time. There are mods for pretty much everything and they can give the game a whole new feel if the right ones are chose Like many things however, there are issues. The multiplayer does not support mods (despite what it says) and multiplayer games tend to choose to add a max turn when the game is restarted. In addition, without the DLC the game is a little weak and some of the more fun civilizations to play are from the DLC. Additionally, the AI is not the smartest with some civilizations. Even when playing on higher difficulties AI's playing denmark and the Celts tend to be very weak with the celts always spamming missionaries but getting nowhere when it comes to victory. This game as earned an 87/100.
game-hours: 784.5
review: do u reallly have to ask why u should get this game its freaking awesome <3
game-hours: 13.4
review: More like pyha
game-hours: 168.7
review: This game is the reason I find myself at 3 in the morning tired as hell saying just one more turn. One more then then I will go to bed. One of the main reasons I got my PC and Steam in general.
game-hours: 120.9
review: One of the great Strategy classics, prepare to lose days of your life playing this game.
game-hours: 601.2
review: Make your own civilization. See it grow. Conquer the world, colonize space, unite the world through peaceful ways, or leave your own cultural mark for the future of mankind. All in 7 hours. Caution: Enemy civilizations may wreak havoc. Caution: May keep you glued to your seat for to long.
game-hours: 346.5
review: Quality- game. 'Nuff said.
game-hours: 222.8
review: Is good
game-hours: 50.2
review: The best part about Brave New World is that its finally every victory condition is equal to another (i-e: busy time, difficulty to achieve), but also just as busy. Also the changes in diplomacy allows a deeper game-play.
game-hours: 32.3
review: Me gusta
game-hours: 845.2
review: do you like extremly slow paced empire building games that will suck days weeks months and even years of your life away? look no further. then look harder cause this damn game is STILL getting dlc packages to expand the gameplay it should have started with.
game-hours: 467.7
review: An awesome experiance for new and experianced players. If you liked the idea of running a nation over history, but found the first 4 Civilization games difficult to master, then you might find this one the easiest one to understand yet.
game-hours: 19.3
review: If you love Strategy and Teaming up with your mates to build your empire and CRUSH !!! your enemy I couldnt recommend a better game than this.
game-hours: 314.8
review: viciante o jogo! muito bom!!
game-hours: 55.2
review: Being a big fan of Civilization, I can proudly say that this may be the best entry in the series. Going from sqaures to hexagons adds a new layer of strategy. A great games to challenge friends in. I'd recommend this to newbies or long time strategy player.
game-hours: 101.8
review: SUPER SWAG
game-hours: 1097.7
review: speecles so much wont evan spell right
game-hours: 121.3
review: Awesome game, 10/10.
game-hours: 78.8
review: THIS GAME IS LIKE THE FUNNEST THING EVAR !!! But no joke once someone declares war there is basically no way to stop playing until one of you is dead. I don't recommend playing this game if you have somehwere to go, because right when you want to stop Gandhi nukes you, and you aren't going to let that er live, even if you have something better to do.
game-hours: 528.5
review: Great Strategy Game,At Its Best When Playing WIth Other Players.
game-hours: 151.5
review: Ever since I got this game, I have almost completly dedicated my life to it. Countless hours have been spent building up a civilization, just to have it wiped out, so many games won and lost, civilizations rise and fall. I haven't been able to do a single productive thing! This game is too adicting, I haven't eaten for days, I can't even remember the last time I slept. I... I can't feel my legs anymore, it has been so long since I have moved. Please, someone, anyone, I need help. This game, will be the end of me, tell my family... I lo... 10/10 I highly recommend this game.
game-hours: 62.7
review: This game is such a time killer. Make sure to get the Gods and Kings expansion if you plan on getting it. So buy the Civ 5 Gold Edition. ONE MORE TURN!! 9/10
game-hours: 109.3
review: Incredibly engrossing turn-based strategy game. You will sink a dozen hours in a single session if not wary.
game-hours: 32.1
review: This game is another AMAZING one, I conquered the whole world :D
game-hours: 219.7
review: A fantastic Game! Probably one of the best games since....... Sliced bread!
game-hours: 33.5
review: Got Civilization V as a gift from a friend, took me awhile to install and test it out however since doing so I havent been able to stop playing. Not a huge fan of turn based strategy games however Civilization is slowly starting to become one of my favorite games. I know I am late to the party but I would recommend it to anyone who likes simulation or strategy based games.
game-hours: 28.3
review: got this  for free so why not
game-hours: 155.9
review: Played this game till 3am without realising the time. 10/10 will do again.
game-hours: 269.3
review: A wonderful strategy game. A must recommend for everyone. Remember to buy all Expansions for best experience!
game-hours: 1609.6
review: >1000 hours of play time. 'nuff said.
game-hours: 45.9
review: Civ V is a really good game for those strategic, thinking gamers out there. And you don't even need a knowledge of world history because you create it! Yes, I know it's not an indefinite amount of possibilities (though that is a drawback for some people) it has a bunch of other things. The original game only has a certain amount of civilizations, though, so if you have enough, buy it with an expansion (or two) and as many DLCs as you can afford, because I assure you it is worth it. I would give this a 9/10 because of my tastes. I mean, I love the game, but as a game you control without an indefinite amount of possibilities, I am one of the many people who find that a drawback. Other than that, it's an amazing game!
game-hours: 18.3
review: Amazeing turn-based game, very addicting.
game-hours: 138.6
review: Very easy to get sucked into. I end up playing for hours on end whenever I start this game up, and it's well worth thirty dollars.
game-hours: 28.4
review: If you're bored and need something to do for a couple of weeks, Civ 5 is the game you need
game-hours: 48.2
review: Standard fun. Great waste of time.
game-hours: 32.9
review: Want to start a game at 7am, look at your clock and think about maybe going to bed at 3am, realizing you just fastforwared through time? Buy it. Buy it for a friend. Travel through time together.
game-hours: 57.3
review: Great Game!
game-hours: 184.0
review: Great game that mixes history and strategy
game-hours: 158.9
review: This is by far THEE BEST STRATEGY GAME!
game-hours: 112.5
review: Oh this game is the bomb! Other than the lag on multiplayer this game is beast!
game-hours: 137.7
review: AMAZING!
game-hours: 80.5
review: Very fun and addictive. It has a lot a replay value and the workshop extends it even further. The DLC is also fun and worth it.
game-hours: 278.1
review: this game so relaxing,  planetside 2
game-hours: 95.9
review: I've played all of the civilization games. but this game up'd the bar once again. It will keep you glued to your screen. graphics 4/5 gameplay 5/5
game-hours: 391.0
review: Buy if on sale
game-hours: 134.2
review: This game, even without its DLC, is absolutely phenomenal. How many other games let you progress from men with pointy sticks all the way to the nuclear age, while juggling your empire's growth and spread, citizen happiness, resources, culture, diplomatic relationships with other civilizations and technological advances? And that's before you get into its DLC which adds tourism, religion, espionage and trade routes. The only flaw is how long it takes to play a game.
game-hours: 867.3
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V is a triumph in PC gaming. There is no other turn-based strategy game of its kind. Civ V is the most balanced, complex (in a good way), in-depth and addicting PC game I may have ever played. This game oozes the "just one more turn" mentality and is hard to stop playing. With a plethora of races/Civ's to choose from, this title offers an uncanny amount of replayability. Trust me, this game is a must have.
game-hours: 36.6
review: One... more... turn...
game-hours: 39.6
review: It is an amazing game that lets you create a civilization and help along as it goest through ancient era to postmodernism. The huge number of civilizations lets every game become unique and the great music lets you be immersed in the civilization that you are carving.
game-hours: 261.4
review: catherine the great
game-hours: 260.1
review: A real time-vampire, a massive time sink, a something of time a passer. I don't know, just buy the damn thing!
game-hours: 286.2
review: Like a mixture of crack and heroin injected directly into your jugular.
game-hours: 343.7
review: Amazing game! FIrst Civ game I've played, and I think it's incredible. Well balanced, higher difficulties are actually challenging, definitely the kidn fo thing I can sink 200+ hours into and still going.
game-hours: 20.4
review: The "one unit per tile" improvement is great (no more stacks of doom, fights are more interesting). Also, the UI of the game is top notch, much better than its predecessors. I highly recommend this sequel.
game-hours: 226.5
review: ING GET IT
game-hours: 70.4
review: fun,challenging,enjoyable
game-hours: 1.8
review: the civilization 5 gold edition rocks.(i have just begun playing brave new world) the only thing i have a complain about is that why is there a future tech? i personally am a fan of civilization 3.The reason being it has a bit of a science fiction side to it(technology wise).when are they going to make some thing parallel to it i wonder.but civ 5 is good too.It has religion and espionage.one thing that bugs me why is the espionage branch unlocked late in the game?But other wise its good as it is.i give it a solid 8 out of 10.
game-hours: 540.5
review: Great Game, I spended houres already and I'll spend even more playing it!
game-hours: 186.2
review: dont have it go get it
game-hours: 108.7
review: well worth buying
game-hours: 1171.3
review: Got nuked by Gandhi through declaration of friendship, 10/10. Seriously; great game for strategy fans, only real downside is the multiplayer can be unreliable (desyncs)
game-hours: 123.2
review: much good game very recommend yes
game-hours: 50.8
review: If someone asked me what game I would reccomend to introduce them to PC gaming, I would immediatly reccomend this. This has been one of the more involving and rewarding games i have ever played, and would reccomend it to anyone. I will go ahead and say that if you have never played a similar game to this before, there is a pretty steep learning curve that will at first be overwhelming, but power through and you will understand why this game recieves such high praises.
game-hours: 310.2
review: This game taken too many hours of my life
game-hours: 56.0
review: amazing game
game-hours: 68.8
review: Really great game. Gotten all of my House mates to get it and we play it together almost every weekend.
game-hours: 123.9
review: Good luck not spending at least 10 hours at a time playing this game. Easily one of the best strategy games of all time.
game-hours: 98.9
review: Slap a queen in the face, take over the world.
game-hours: 117.4
review: Hmm I have a life ill stop next turn... oops how did 25 turns pass OH WELL I guess ill stop next turn next turn next turn next turn next turn next turn next turn next turn NEXT. TURN.
game-hours: 660.4
review: Great way to kill time and enjoy it :)
game-hours: 337.3
review: Ah, Civ V. Kind of disapointing in the feature it lacked compared to IV, but has made itself up for that in the two main DLC so far. The first one got up to nearly par with IV and the second surpassed it. I also love the combat more by making unit groups more important than just stacking a bajillion units in one stack. Mind you, you still needed artillery, but you get the idea. It is a much more interesting system when it involves more around units specifics. I'd suggest this to any 4x lover.
game-hours: 400.9
review: love it!!
game-hours: 25.2
review: best game ever
game-hours: 61.2
review: Think board game without the messy packing and maintaining of pieces. Think semi-intelligent, competitive AIs. Think Age of Empires and Empire Earth rolled into one, minus RTS. Time consuming, but when it comes down to pitboss (turn based multiplayer you can come back to any time), you'll keep going, "one more turn!" This is a game for you if you excel at planning and predicting other players' moves. Just think chess that includes worker pieces, and against up to 31 other players.
game-hours: 87.5
review: kmhgujh
game-hours: 194.7
review: I've been playing Civ V for quite some time with friends, and while it has a few glaring problems like  AI that runs units to their death in your citys with no chance of taking it and Gandhi and his opness. it's otherwise a great time vampire more so with all the Xpacks adding sorely needed features like religions in Gods and Kings and actual trade networks in Brave New World. If you have tens of hours to drop into a game per setting this is the game for you as hours just disappear before you know it, you start playing at 3pm and in the blink of an eye it's 1am.
game-hours: 51.5
review: ,
game-hours: 4.7
review: One of the best of the Civ Series so far. The game is beautiful. The gameplay suffers in a few areas but the game is very playable. If you play Civ at all this is a must buy as well as the new expansion for it. It adds a lot of new things to make the core game much better.
game-hours: 80.6
review: Better than Civ 4 so far. No more unit stacking makes military victories easier. Culture rush is nerfed. Even cities without any units can bombard barbarians. No more transports needed to travel overseas is VERY NICE. No more religions. The social policies are simpler too. A-
game-hours: 67.4
review: Its all about the hats
game-hours: 32.3
review: I love this game!
game-hours: 94.4
review: Very good game
game-hours: 499.8
review: Awsome game and has hundreds of hours of replayability
game-hours: 789.8
review: love it
game-hours: 56.8
review: Just one more turn!!!!!
game-hours: 134.2
review: good!!!
game-hours: 1136.3
review: If you like turn-based games, then you've already played it. If you don't like turn-based games, this game just might change that. G&K + BNW recommended.
game-hours: 12.3
review: Civilization V is an amazing real time strategy that i personally recomend for all levels of gaming but i agree that this game is a good choice to play.
game-hours: 261.9
review: "Just 1 more turn" never seems to be enough when playing any Civ game, and this one is no exception. Great gameplay, with new hex maps and different twists on ideas from the older Civ games. Can't go wrong with this one.
game-hours: 82.5
review: Good if you like turn based RTS's
game-hours: 296.8
review: Amazing strategy game!
game-hours: 389.9
review: Look, I've played this series since Civilization II back in the day of pixel sprites and Beatles music. Civ V, the latest installment is great. The base game is sort of lackluster compared to the complexities of Civ IV, but GandK and BNW (the expansions) help to flesh out the gameplay and give it that true Civ feel. Do I recommend? Yes, I do. A/5.
game-hours: 38.4
review: Fun Game just takes some time
game-hours: 124.3
review: entertaining game, great timesink
game-hours: 125.4
review: Its Educational
game-hours: 117.4
review: It is the peak of the series of great strategy from Sid meier's it has gone from avarage to best civ game i have played since 4 with its 2 addons that are must for the ultimate experience. You can spend hundreds of hours to this guaranteed if you like almost any strategy.
game-hours: 138.4
review: Ghandi is a , Atilla is cheap, and Washington is a  douche
game-hours: 5213.8
review: My all time favorite turn based game
game-hours: 31.4
review: For some reason no matter how many times I repeat this game, it never gets old. Everyone I know who has played it, including me has loved it. Just buy it when it goes on sale.
game-hours: 18.1
review: 'Tis a great game if your a strategey fan (Turn based games) and if you know your way with money, its great with freinds and i highly recommend it to you and your freinds.
game-hours: 119.5
review: Amazing update to Civ IV. However, they switched up the fighting and the only one unit per square, including workers, can get tricky.
game-hours: 130.1
review: 10/10
game-hours: 53.2
review: Awesome Strategy Game !
game-hours: 102.9
review: OMG ITS AMAZING
game-hours: 80.3
review: I havent moved in almost 6 hours buy this game
game-hours: 72.9
review: This game is fantastic. It has a great gameplay, great visuals, however it is a little bit difficult when you start out. It's easy to create games and just play, but requires some amount of thinking, which most games don't require now-a-days. I rate this game 9/10
game-hours: 643.3
review: Best game I've ever played. 527.37 Thumbs Up!
game-hours: 209.3
review: Amazing. Buy it. Now
game-hours: 69.7
review: Turns based stratagey, you could say its your turn to take command.
game-hours: 123.5
review: First i was a littel skeptical about the game. but then i tried it, and i been hook for 11 hours in one day.
game-hours: 272.2
review: After many hours of playing this game is excellent when you just want to sit back and enjoy a even paced game. It can be a bit slow playing against other people, but then again I don't have the skillz to hold up against most people who play this online.
game-hours: 13.7
review: THIS GAME IS AWESOME!!!
game-hours: 135.9
review: Ill finish this review after I've had... one... last... turn...
game-hours: 74.4
review: Very fun stratergy. I recommend you buy all the DLCs with it.
game-hours: 238.1
review: lost hors to the game so may methods of play and civs to star as its great
game-hours: 18.6
review: Been playing Civ for years now... never managed to get tired ! :)
game-hours: 6.5
review: Good, Fun, Thoughtful, Intense. All words I would use to describe this great game.
game-hours: 92.0
review: 8.5/10 Pros - Awesome Multiplayer - History Lessons? - Addicting - Good Balance Cons - Buggy multiplayer occasionally - Some parts are boring. - Large learning curve.
game-hours: 465.3
review: Good game with Gods and Kings and BNW DLC
game-hours: 85.6
review: meh
game-hours: 232.0
review: The most detailed and complex Civ yet. Absolutely awesome!
game-hours: 3155.6
review: 2k+ hours played. Nuff said
game-hours: 10.4
review: Simply Amazing!
game-hours: 37.6
review: Great single player, the multiplayer is epic. I wish you could form alliances though... 8/10
game-hours: 67.6
review: When I play I can't stop. It has ruined my life. My wife has left me and I can't see my children anymore. I haven't been outside in 2 weeks. 4/5
game-hours: 152.8
review: Fantastic Turn Based Strategy game. I actually before TBS to RTS, as I enjoy considering every externality over reacting. Get this with Brave New World and Gods and Kings. It really makes the game fantastic.
game-hours: 504.0
review: awesome game
game-hours: 180.3
review: Fantastic game! you can sit down and play what you think is 5 min and look outside and its dark its so imercive
game-hours: 66.2
review: Have you ever wanted to  and pillage the countryside as the Mongol hoards and play Settlers of Catan at the same time? Really? Wow, you are ed. But HERE YOU GO!
game-hours: 87.8
review: Duh
game-hours: 167.7
review: I set up a game to reinact WW2. It was an 8 player game with the Chinese, Japanese, Germans, Russians, Polish, Americans, British and I played the French. I minded my own business until just before the Modern Era, the Germans unloaded a full scale assault on Paris. I wasn't surprised. Everything was going according to plan until the Americans backstabbed me at Orleans. It was completely uncalled for. The historical inaccuracies really bring this game down from a 10/10 to a 5/10. Would not recommend ever playing the French. Much betrayal, such conspiracy, so war.
game-hours: 66.2
review: Time consuming but incredibly fun strategy game which has the ability to take hours and make them feel like minutes.
game-hours: 309.1
review: Ruined my social life 10/10
game-hours: 55.3
review: 1-unit per tile replaces tedious unit stacking with something similar to a tactics RPG. Policies are an excellent new feature, adding more fuel to the 1-more-turn-fire. Diplomacy still not believable, with AIs to hard to please. AI is still not a human, not vrey bright tactically. Beautiful. Overall, still the best 4X strategy series, made better with steam and modder community merge.
game-hours: 141.4
review: this is a fun entertaining game bilt for people that love civilization based games.
game-hours: 183.8
review: While Civilization V introduces a whole new hexagonal/no-unit-stacking system which may alienate some of the veterans of earlier Civ games, the shift also introduces a new challenge for these veterans to master. Getting the Gods & Kings add-on also brings a revamped Religion aspect to the game, as well as a whole new batch of civilizations to master. Join the fray with your favorite.
game-hours: 234.1
review: EVERYBODY GO AND THROW MONEY AT IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 39.0
review: A great strategy game for all ages. I strongly reccomend this game to anyone who enjoys watching something grow over a long period of time. The graphics are good, A.I. is great and the diversity is fantastic. Though it takes a lot of patience, it is a great game when you have developed your civilisation. 9.5/10
game-hours: 29.6
review: ERS
game-hours: 43.0
review: endless hours of gameplay potential. Civ 4 may be the all around better game but V is in my opionion just as good and newer and better looking.
game-hours: 23.0
review: a great documentary, would watch again
game-hours: 1221.9
review: You want a place to go where being a mindless killer is accepted? How about a Greedy know-it-all? Or maybe you just want to be that kid who gets bullied, while in real life you are the bully? Whatever your needs, however trivial they are, I'm sure you can find all of them at your fingertips in this Fantastic Game. Go Forth, My Son.
game-hours: 101.6
review: Basically the same as Geometry Wars, except there are only hexagons. 10/10
game-hours: 156.4
review: A lot of Civ IV vets hated on this game when it first came out and I was reluctant to get it because of that. However, with the improvements and DLC additions, Civ V has all the best parts of IV with some welcome additions.
game-hours: 58.2
review: It is a very good game played them over the years the only one I never played was the spaceone I think.
game-hours: 43.9
review: This game. . . I don't know where to start. It's a whole new history. A whole new world. You make history your own! Not the way it was made. Greece could have defeated Rome! America could have lost the Revolutionary war!
game-hours: 81.2
review: A huge timesink! Yes, enjoyable. Wish I had the time for it; it usually takes about 8h to finish a short game. I generally find myself playing rush nations to make up for it~ Probably wouldn't enjoy it as much if it weren't for my addict brother.
game-hours: 132.8
review: One of the single best strategy game ever made, plain and simple.
game-hours: 18.7
review: If you've ever wanted a pony but never did, this game is a must have. I can honestly say this game is as close as it comes to a pony raising simulator. The most amazing part is how accurate taking care of each pony is. Even, though this game is dated the graphics never cease to amaze me when I start up the game and visit my beloved children. I have raised over ten horses from foal to mare and stallion and every time it felt so real. I am excited every time a horse gets pregnant because then it means my family is growing. It has been years since I've started this game and I can not still comprehend how this game does not sell more than Skyrim, Farcry 3, and Bad Rats COMBINED. That's just how flawless this game is. Horses are absolutely great but when you add in the secret of magic crystals, the game gets infinitly better. The story is also very emotionally compelling with each horse that is born into the world. It is by far one of the greatest stories I have ever heard. I won't give it away but I'll tell you now that the ending will have in tears and conflict. The characters are really what makes the story believable. Every horse has a unique personailty and the dialogue is just so well written, that you can't help but know these horses are real. But what is a game without it's gameplay? Good thing, this simulator has gameplay down to perfection. It is so flawless that I literally wished every game in existance had this gameplay. The controls are tight, the rewards and progress rate are gratifying, and the general feel of the game is just absolutely stellar. This is by far the best game Steam or possibly even the world has to offer. I give this game a hundred ponies out of a hundred ponies. Here are some fun facts from wikipedia for you horse lovers: The horse (Equus ferus caballus) is one of two extant subspecies of Equus ferus, or the wild horse. It is an odd-toed ungulate mammal belonging to the taxonomic family Equidae. The horse has evolved over the past 45 to 55 million years from a small multi-toed creature into the large, single-toed animal of today. Humans began to domesticate horses around 4000 BC, and their domestication is believed to have been widespread by 3000 BC. There is an extensive, specialized vocabulary used to describe equine-related concepts, covering everything from anatomy to life stages, size, colors, markings, breeds, locomotion, and behavior. Horses' anatomy enables them to make use of speed to escape predators and they have a well-developed sense of balance and a strong fight-or-flight response. Related to this need to flee from predators in the wild is an unusual trait: horses are able to sleep both standing up and lying down. If you're still reading this, you're a champ. Leave this comment on my profile: "I love horses." Female horses, called mares, carry their young for approximately 11 months, and a young horse, called a foal, can stand and run shortly following birth. Most domesticated horses begin training under saddle or in harness between the ages of two and four. They reach full adult development by age five, and have an average lifespan of between 25 and 30 years. Horse breeds are loosely divided into three categories based on general temperament: spirited "hot bloods" with speed and endurance; "cold bloods", such as draft horses and some ponies, suitable for slow, heavy work; and "warmbloods", developed from crosses between hot bloods and cold bloods, often focusing on creating breeds for specific riding purposes, particularly in Europe. There are more than 300 breeds of horse in the world today, developed for many different uses. Uncommonly, a few animals live into their 40s and, occasionally, beyond. The oldest verifiable record was "Old Billy", a 19th-century horse that lived to the age of 62.[6] In modern times, Sugar Puff, who had been listed in the Guinness Book of World Records as the world's oldest living pony, died in 2007 at age one million.
game-hours: 129.0
review: This is my favorite strategy game of all time and one of the best ever created. Civ V will have you playing for hours egging you on to lead your Civilization to greatness. Wartime strategy works amazing and theres so much content here that it will keep you hooked for a LONG time. While I do wish more options could be available on the diplomatic scene this game is a masterpiece. 9.5/10
game-hours: 22.0
review: You conqueor nations, you concqueor your friends nations. You pillage and plunder to your hearts content until you either rule all or get your  handed to you. What could be more fun than that? Really? What?
game-hours: 66.8
review: How do I describe Civilization 5? The short answer is that you can't. This is for one reason only. If I were to put this gaming expierence into words, it would ruin the game for many. This game has that x-factor that I look for in most games. Where you can sit down, play and tell yourself "Oh look, its only 10pm. One more turn won't hurt." and before you know it, it is the dawn of a brand new day, and all you care is that next turn. This game never gets old because each game is entirely different, and I think that with all these things, 2K has put together a winner in Civilization 5.
game-hours: 118.5
review: There's something strangely satisfying about starting out as a village in the middle of nowhere and ending as the industrial power of the world.
game-hours: 70.6
review: *Gnome Seal of Approval* I have never really played any of the previous Civilization games, but I heard that this was more friendly to the newcomers and easier to get into. I would have to agree. I picked it up and took my time with it. This is one of the few strategy games I can currently handle. Partially because it's turn based and partielly because I can set the difficulty lower than most people would while I learn the game. Civilization veterans doesn't seem to like it as much though.
game-hours: 900.7
review: I have purchased several simulation games; city builders, world creators, future and past but this is the game I always come back to. I find unlimited replay value by varying the conditions and raising the bar ever higher.
game-hours: 94.6
review: I recommend this game due to the enticing game mechanics. The sense of actually building your civilization from the ground up starting at practically stone age all the way to futuristic technology and 4 different ways to win the game... I find this game inticing.
game-hours: 40.5
review: What can I say? It's a fun game with lots of time to be put into it. Even as much as I've played it, there's a lot I have yet to do. Civilization may be stategy lite, but it's by no means shallow, and this game is no exception. If you have the oppurtunity to check it out and you enjoy strategy game of any type, it's well worth the money and time.
game-hours: 774.5
review: Civ 5 has made several changes to the base game systems. Some have worked (medieveal warfare is a blast), might work (simpler happiness system) - some not (Culture, AI cannot handle the 1 unit per tile rule). That being said, the game is still solid, and the major DLC (Gods and Kings, Brave New World) has only added to the experience.
game-hours: 197.8
review: Really nice break from all the FPS insanity. This is a great game to relax, and slowly destroy your enemies through strategy. Tried it on a whim and was pleasantly surprised. Fun for hours.
game-hours: 85.6
review: Fun,
game-hours: 231.3
review: It has robots and you can shoot them.
game-hours: 98.4
review: Wasted More Time on this Then Women. 5 Stars
game-hours: 136.5
review: Love it, no matter how many time's I play it's always different
game-hours: 319.3
review: I'm a huge fan of Civ 4 and was initially disappointed with Civ 5. I came back to it after the Gods and Kings expansion was released and absolutely love it. There is a depth to this game. You can play a whole game without going to war once, depepnding on subtlety and alliances, or you can be a warmonger and invade everyone. The choice is yours. A great game and worth the effort, especially with the new expansion. Edit: Brave new world further adds depth with trade, archaeology, culture and diplomacy playing a larger role. An excellent addition to an already great game. Highly recommended.
game-hours: 85.9
review: ghandi nuking fun
game-hours: 105.1
review: Turns, Spice Trading, Hexes, War Elephants, Evil Gandhi . . . Why haven't you bought this already?
game-hours: 14.1
review: played twice. 7 hours each time. great time waster
game-hours: 1047.0
review: I really like the game and think it is really good but my only problem is probably the trade routes. I do not feel like they are efficient enough nor are the roads at times.
game-hours: 53.9
review: BEST!
game-hours: 436.4
review: Lots of one more turn. Very enjoyable, not a heavily graphic intensive game.
game-hours: 131.7
review: quick immortal george washington in the year 750 bc we need your help making america and then america builds the great pyramids and overruns alexander the great with crossbowmen and catapaults and then russia declares war on you and marches on your capital with spearmen so you retaliate with a few american chariots somewhere my history teacher's breaking his face open against a desk while i'm being a magical egyptian homunculus that can make people work twice as hard when they're building huge mystical constructs that everyone in the world stops building the second you're through making them because of what i'm going to call sorcery
game-hours: 624.4
review: This game is crack cocaine.
game-hours: 180.0
review: Remains to be the best TBS.
game-hours: 78.4
review: There's very much that can be said about Civilization V, but in short: It is certainly worth a purchase, but make sure you get the Gold edition at least as it's kinda empty without it. Multiplayer can be pain to set up too, but apart from that it's a game you could get lost in for days. Hopefully we get even more DLC!
game-hours: 69.4
review: Geil wer viel zeit hat multiplayer mode ist drin einziger nachteil die einleitungen muss man alles durchlesen aber danach fun ohne ende
game-hours: 25.9
review: Great game
game-hours: 97.4
review: Great strategy game. Love it.
game-hours: 140.9
review: Civilization V is a easy to approach turn table game. Being my first ever turn table game I found that it has helped me enter an area of gaming I had never considered before. Thanks Civi :)
game-hours: 3925.0
review: This game is so addictive and the replay value is superb. It is complex enough but turn based so it can be played at a chilled pace i.e. your own pace. The scenarios do leave a little more to be desired as most of them are quite short and the A.I. for the vanilla game gets exponentially difficult. The multiplayer scene is a little lacking as well although this may be due to my geographical location. The DLC's are definitely a must buy and add much more than a few new tricks here and there. For any shortcomings you see in this game; or anything you want added you can most probably find it in the active Steam Workshop section. I was amazed at the number of mods and more so by the complexity of some mods which in my opinion can improve upon the game in certain aspects. TL;DR - Superb strategy game. Buy it. Play it. Mod it. Play again.
game-hours: 680.7
review: A truly addicting and compelling strategy game. One of my absolute favorite games of all time! This game has a steep learning curve, and may take some hours to learn enough to win a game. In that respect it's a bit like chess, and is similarly rewarding even after many hours of play. The strategy and gameplay are complex and varied, depending on the leader and nation that one chooses to play with. Since the game was originally released, several expansion packs have been released. These expansions have added new content, but also tweaked the rules to be improve the balance and strategical aspects of the game. Until version 6 is released, it's a fair to assume that at least a few more expansion packs will be released. The game is also extremely beautiful, and runs well even on slower machines, however it may take some tweaking of the preferences in order to get good performance on older hardware. Masterfully designed, this is a game which will not disappoint any serious strategy game buff.
game-hours: 767.9
review: This is a fantastic game
game-hours: 47.3
review: love this game, well worth playing.
game-hours: 33.7
review: Best Strategy based on turns i ever played
game-hours: 284.5
review: Like always, the Civilization series are all solid games, Civ 5 does not dissaopoint
game-hours: 4.1
review: amazing
game-hours: 574.7
review: this game is extremely fun. highly recommend it
game-hours: 193.8
review: Favourite game on Steam!
game-hours: 376.9
review: luv it SOOOOOOOOOOOOO MUCH
game-hours: 161.5
review: I didn't think I'd like this game. I'd tried another Civ game before and it hadn't been my taste of thing. I tried this and it just works. There are so many options to work with for shaping your nation, and (with a little imagination) you can create victory conditions for yourself. It is a good game to play and is very worth your time.
game-hours: 166.4
review: Bare sick innit
game-hours: 995.1
review: If this game was a lady I would be having an affair.
game-hours: 61.0
review: If you are into to turn based strategy games then this is for you enjoyed many of hours passing the time with this game very addicting. Recommended especially for multiplayer aspects nothings more fun then global domination over your friends.
game-hours: 9.1
review: Great!
game-hours: 88.6
review: JS Get this game, tis damn good!!.
game-hours: 972.9
review: Good upgrade from previous versions.
game-hours: 460.9
review: Classic.
game-hours: 112.3
review: Get this game if you like buggy multiplayer
game-hours: 478.3
review: One of the best strategy games of all time!
game-hours: 44.5
review: Play on easier settings to get the hang of it, and never switch off; because you'll be decimated before people learn to speak with vowels. Civ 5 is great fun. Civ fans I'm sure have some contrived complaints, like a groupy complaining about a new album no one's heard of. But if you're a normal human, you'll just love it, aboely love it.
game-hours: 38.8
review: Probably one of the best 4X games released in the past few years. Get the Brave New World expansion, as well.
game-hours: 60.1
review: Civ 5 removes many aspects of the game that bogged down the "game" part of Civ. If you need those extreme micromanaging things in your civ game you probably will not enjoy this game. But if you are looking for a game over a hardcore simulation you will find that the changes in Civ 5 are very welcome to those looking for a game and not a simulation.
game-hours: 15.9
review: This game is great for someone who enjoys slow-paced, tactical thinking. You guide a civilazation from its inception to its complete world dominance, (or its demise). There are several options to go about winning such as Social, War, and Political. It's a very fun engaging game and it's very satisfying to watch your fledgling civilazation grow into a dominant power in your world.
game-hours: 197.6
review: Right now, I have 171 hours spent on this game. Doesn't that say it all? It's amazing, addictive, but mindless enough you can play it on one monitor whilst watching a movie on the other. I highly recommend the mods. A lot of them build really nicely on the vanilla game, adding a lot more units and styles of play. I almost always play with mods now because the changes are too good to ignore.
game-hours: 82.4
review: The world belongs to me.
game-hours: 77.3
review: This was the first game I tried to introduce myself to the Civilization franchise, and I was blown away by the level of detail of the game. Although somewhat unrealistic in some aspects, this game represents a comprehensive model of imperialism, where you become aware of the growing need for your civilization to expand to new territories and draw itself into disputes to gather resources, and simply, survive. Civilization V is a great experience with a lot of educational value, and when my friends told me how much time one could waste playing this game, they were right, I spent hours performing a handful of turns, because everything in Civilization V is about competition. The possibilities are endless when it comes to modifications, I was able to enjoy many historical scenarios and reenact history in my own ways, it's like you're in control of an alternate universe. In sum, this was a good buy and I reccomend this game to anybody with interests in turn-based strategy with a hint of realism.
game-hours: 850.8
review: I have been playing Civilization since the original, I can honestly say that this is by far the best Civilization yet. It has complexity that a civ veteran will love yet can also be played in a simple way that a first time civilization player can still enjoy and have all the tools needed to learn to play in game. Using mods is as easy as browsing an in-game steam workshop browser.
game-hours: 73.3
review: Buy and play if you want to lose hours of your life to its wonderful playableness.
game-hours: 190.7
review: good fun
game-hours: 103.7
review: Just... one more... turn...
game-hours: 305.5
review: Spent plenty of time on this game, its an awsome time sink, definatly recommend.
game-hours: 38.0
review: zomg
game-hours: 68.6
review: This game is by far the best life consumer ever. It may take you 15 + hours to win a game but if your into it you don't relize your weekends gon until its sunday night. this game is excellent i give it an 11 out of 10
game-hours: 613.5
review: Get it now!!!!!
game-hours: 14.8
review: Not much to say. Very addicting and fun! Can get you hooked for hours on end!
game-hours: 106.8
review: Engrossing and addictive gameplay that perfectly captures the essence of "just one more turn" style gameplay. This is the thinking man's (or lady's) strategy game with a plethora of historical and prehistorical references.
game-hours: 395.4
review: One of the best games of all time. You should definately buy this! (and all the expansions) Be warned tho, you will get addicted, and many hours will be wasted. Just one more turn...
game-hours: 326.5
review: Deep engaging god game with overtones of the best of everything you would want. Up too late is normal as is the desire to succeed at one more "something". You will eventually want to play.
game-hours: 340.8
review: UBER
game-hours: 201.9
review: The best Civilization ever. Really suprised at the beginning with all the different mechanics. Also to fully enjoy the game you really need all the dlcs especially Brave New World nad Gods and Kings wich really add depth into the game. I really recommend for any Strategy Player and especially for civilization fans. It can put you about 1000 hours of gametime and you will not get tedious especially with workshop integration and full mod support. Also TOTAL BUG FREE GAME. Wich by today it's a really shinning point on a game. Never had any issue 0 CTD.
game-hours: 611.2
review: Best turn based RTS of ever
game-hours: 29.5
review: samurai op
game-hours: 117.6
review: Best game I've ever played
game-hours: 59.6
review: I've spent an unhealthy amount of time playing Rome and invading neighboring countries for spices to dabble my olive oil coated bottom in.
game-hours: 164.4
review: Great game altogether.
game-hours: 37.9
review: As England my people starved and I distroyed every nation in the world! 10/10 I make a great leader.
game-hours: 156.2
review: Great game with all the DLC.
game-hours: 90.3
review: Goodbye Social Life.
game-hours: 110.9
review: This game is awesome especially with a group of friends! I recommend this game to everyone! If your new to this game it isn't terribly hard to learn it but the is a steep learning curve which is a huge part of the fun!
game-hours: 211.8
review: PLAY IT OR DIE
game-hours: 94.9
review: It's fun. I like it. More exciting w/ DLC
game-hours: 17.3
review: is good
game-hours: 85.7
review: WIth the Brave New World expansion Civ5 is probably the best turn based strategy game I have ever played.
game-hours: 4.4
review: I'm not usually a fan of 4X games, but Civilization V managed to grab my interest and kept me pressing the "Next Turn" button over and over again. Definitely get on discount.
game-hours: 30.1
review: fiskspel
game-hours: 141.2
review: Civilization 5 is a great strategic game to play with friends.
game-hours: 120.0
review: Endless hours...Endless.. Do not play on a work night.
game-hours: 745.1
review: good game
game-hours: 244.6
review: This game is magnificent. Everytime I load it up I can't help but play all day. This game is one of the best strategy game so far ever created. Civ VI anyone?
game-hours: 134.9
review: The Best Strategy Game i have ever played and by far the most addicting, if you are willing to sit down for a few hours, this game is amazing.
game-hours: 33.6
review: Very addicting, multiplayer may sometimes have bugs, but very fun!
game-hours: 67.0
review: !
game-hours: 156.6
review: This game is incredibly fun. I haven't even begun to scratch the surface of this game and I'm already hundres of hours in and having too much fun.
game-hours: 62.3
review: 15 minutes in and I know I am going to love this game. Just what I needed to get my strategy/war fix.
game-hours: 544.3
review: Is best game ever. Buy it and waste hours upon hours on it. Worth it.
game-hours: 282.0
review: No other turn based strategy can beat it. Best one I've played.
game-hours: 24.8
review: awesome!
game-hours: 259.6
review: Hours upon hours of fun. If you are new to Civilization games, this is the perfect one to start with.
game-hours: 205.7
review: Buy this game so you can wish you never did as it sucks away all your free time.
game-hours: 144.6
review: I start up a "small", "quick", earth-shaped map. And to make things quicker I set the era to the Industrial era (A bit past halfway through the tech tree, the game becomes fun after that point). However, I turn on only domination victory. After conquering all of Earth for the Chinese, I realized that 10 hours had passed. This game is the ultimate time-killing addiction, and it's a ton of fun, even for an impatient gamer like me. The game is actually very simple, but the way it's designed makes it feel more complex. Don't get if you want to do anything productive.
game-hours: 82.6
review: its a fun game to kill time
game-hours: 40.2
review: It reminds me of the first Age of Empires games, just this is turn based. I love it and I cannot stop playing it. :)
game-hours: 132.1
review: Mitt nya favorit spel! S jvla Awesome! :P :D
game-hours: 227.5
review: Not as great as Civ IV but still has that quality feel of a Civilization game.
game-hours: 14.3
review: Really fun if you're into strategy games. If you can manage to find friends to play it with or just people online, the games take ages but they're worth it.
game-hours: 266.1
review: This game is an extremely good strategy game, though players should have enough time and patience to finish one game since decent ones can last up to a few days.
game-hours: 138.9
review: Is good
game-hours: 260.3
review: This game is probably the best money I have ever spent on a game. It has beautiful graphics, mod support, scenarios, so many things I have not even delved into. Everyone should get this game.
game-hours: 352.4
review: This is a fantastic game with seemlessly endless fun on offer, the best part is that if you get a little bit bored of it then just try playing as a different civilisation and try a differnet tactic for victory, you will get a differnet experience each time. simply astounding.
game-hours: 229.4
review: Simply, the best strategy game, EVER!
game-hours: 69.8
review: Alot of Fun if played with friends, Great Lan part game, The AI is kind of lacking though :(
game-hours: 44.4
review: Such Time Consumer!
game-hours: 17.9
review: Fun
game-hours: 408.5
review: Just one more turn...
game-hours: 54.9
review: It's good. Get it.
game-hours: 62.0
review: asdf
game-hours: 94.6
review: This game is a well-crafted, fun-filled timesink. Hours can seem like minutes. I highly recommend.
game-hours: 66.8
review: This game is brill as long as you play with other people, after playing by yourself for a while it starts to get a bit boring.
game-hours: 461.7
review: Great strategy game.
game-hours: 34.4
review: Brilliant
game-hours: 163.0
review: A/10
game-hours: 4.7
review: best game lots of fun lots of love to the creators keep doin what you do
game-hours: 246.9
review: Good strategy game, now that I know "Beyond Earth" Is not worth buying at the current price, I look Foward to purchasing Brave New World, Plus the other dlc when they go on sale, I was always hesitant to waste money on the DLC when the "The great Beyond Earth was right around Corner from release"
game-hours: 587.8
review: A classic. Complex, but worth learning. One of the best games of all time (if you also have the expansions for it: 'Gods and Kings' & 'Brave New World', also note that 'Brave New World' is the more recent expansion and adds all of the functionality of 'Gods and Kings' but does not include the civilizations from 'Gods and Kings'). Highly addictive gameplay that will have you staying up too late for "just one more turn". With a great range of difficulty levels there is something here for everyone: from the Civ rookie all the way up to strategy pros. Can't recommend this game enough!
game-hours: 43.4
review: I get to play Germany and create world war 3! This is an EPIC turn based game and I love to play this in my spare time! I highly reccomend that people buy this game!
game-hours: 161.4
review: great game
game-hours: 0.4
review: Best strategy game on the planet so far. Played only 0.4 hours so far, but loved it to the max!
game-hours: 103.4
review: A perfect entry to the genre of course.
game-hours: 87.1
review: This has o be the best strategy game I have ever played. You wamt to make sure you make allies with the people you trust the most and youm want to go to war with one at a time slowly destroying them. But make sure to do this DESTROY INDIA AS FAST AS YOU CAN.
game-hours: 112.0
review: Almost as good as XCOM. ie better than almost everything.
game-hours: 18.8
review: Kind of boring for me. I guess it depends on what pace you like your game to be at. Other than that, really good game. 9 out of 10 if you don't mind how slow this game can be. Otherwise 6 out of 10(my personal rating). EDIT: GHANDI IS A COMPLETE JERK. A NUCLEAR POWERED JERK. WHATEVER YOU DO, KILL HIM FIRST.
game-hours: 63.8
review: good game
game-hours: 70.0
review: Very fun game, it sparked an interest for History and Anthropology when I started to play it. Weird, but whatever.
game-hours: 124.9
review: yes very buy wow much victory
game-hours: 118.6
review: Destroying other civilizations simply because you can
game-hours: 136.1
review: is game with fighting and culture and religion and buildings and farms and roads and walls and pyramid and science is good
game-hours: 100.2
review: Gold Edition is a must, as vanilla was incredibly broken. This is a true strategy game, in the same vein as Age of Empires.
game-hours: 918.6
review: Bore yourself to tears! Watch turns load for several minutes! Get famous figures of history to swear at you in a foreign language!
game-hours: 130.6
review: I start playing this game and I lose track of time (and space). One of the best turned based strategy games. The multiplayer is kind of buggy and likes to drop connections(havent tried BNW MP yet) but was incredibly fun with 6 people.
game-hours: 9.4
review: I recommend this because I'm Pra1M. The God of games has spoken, this game is the polla.
game-hours: 653.8
review: A little time with a little thinking, and the world's yours.
game-hours: 181.1
review: The best strategy game ever continues to be the best strategy game ever. I've become a god.
game-hours: 37.4
review: Omg, where do i start ? I got the 8 $ gold edtion ( or how ever much it was) It was the best 8 dollars (or how ever much) i ever spent. Only had it a few days and 15 hours already. Would probably be 30+ if i wasn't gone for 3 days. There is just so much depth.....and it's the perfect balance of casual and hardcore. Like litterally, it's not so intense it's daunting, but it's not to easy it's boring. Even though it's not a large scale rts battle like Total war. But...damn you fell adrenaline rushing when you get into a siege. And.... you don't have to be brute force and take over everyone to win ! No. You can with with culure.....the utopia project ! If you finish 5 full social pollicies ( when you get enough culture points you invest in social pollicies which are trees where when you invest culture into it it gives you great bonuses of how you want to play. There is even one for the people who like brute force; Honor ! ) then you can win with culture ! You can win with relegion...science.. you name it. There is so much depth, but only if you want it that way ! And, the game does have it's problems. Slight graphical issues, not very well optimised, the fact it takes hundreds of years to make 1 thing of archers....that just kinda doesn't add up. BUT, you can slow down the game pace to where with every turn it doesn't advance 80-100 years ! You can slow it down to the marathon seed that only goes.....20 years let's say. Also, some multiplayer issues....but just buy this game ! Just do it. Also....AMAZING MODDING COMMUNITY. This game was just built for modders ! There is litterally a mod button right on the main menu ! Someone made ing skyrim.....fallout 1 map...it just ..it's amazing. 9/10
game-hours: 94.4
review: 10/10 would bang this product.
game-hours: 663.4
review: So addicted....
game-hours: 9.0
review: F***ing amazing, so addictive. 50/10 stars!!!
game-hours: 370.2
review: From my personal opinion this is one of the best games I have played in a while.
game-hours: 360.0
review: NOOICE
game-hours: 720.8
review: This game is amazing. Just truly amazing, to the point of speechlessness. You take control of one of many Civilizations, ranging from the Americans to the Egyptians, and try to make your civilization last the test of time. There are five unique ways to win, many amazing units and strategies, and thousands of unique ways to set up a game. The multiplayer is phenomenal, the modding community is the best this side of Minecraft, and it runs amazingly smooth. This gives it many advantages over the previous games in this great series. If you want a quality strategy gaming experience with some history on the side, this is the place to go. And with the recent Brave New World Expansion (which I pre-ordered), It got WAY better.
game-hours: 10.5
review: This is a good game that is all i have to say.
game-hours: 3.7
review: The graphics in this game are truly beautiful to look at, and the story background on each of the leaders is very interesting. Like all civilization games the tutorial is pretty thorough, but it does take running through the tutorial to even get close to understanding what to do in this game. It definitely is a game I would come back to time and time again. The fact that I got it on sale from steam just made it even more awesome!
game-hours: 19.2
review: AMAZING GAME
game-hours: 45.8
review: This is real value for money I would recommend this to anyone, I would also go as far as to say that it is better that the forth civ which I loved and played for months.
game-hours: 527.7
review: awesome game with a lot of content and possibilities to enjoy
game-hours: 98.7
review: Brilliant all round really, excellent if you just wish to pass the time, or if you're up for more of a challenge! 5 stars!!
game-hours: 119.6
review: One of the most addicting games from one of the most addicting franchises ever.
game-hours: 30.0
review: Played a game where i was winning, later someone started a nuclear winter. 11/10
game-hours: 69.9
review: Bought this game about 2 weeks ago, can barely put it down. this game is really fun and has alot of playtime to offer. Overall Immortal is pretty insane. Scouts turn into archers and Maria Theresa is overpowered. 10/10
game-hours: 275.7
review: The gold standard when it comes to turn based strategy. This series has time and time again proven to be endlessly entertaining offering a great deal of complexity and depth. I would reccomend this to anyone who enjoys a game like Risk.
game-hours: 479.9
review: Such a good game.
game-hours: 288.6
review: awesome!
game-hours: 167.3
review: Great game, played the original and now I even play beyond earth. Civilization V is still my favorite.
game-hours: 1907.1
review: I love this game, I have played it for 1556 hours on this machine. That is sick. But I cant stop playing it because Im such a history buff, and I keep saying to myself what if. Like what if the Viking actually did this, or what if India actually became powerful. What if the Maya defended itself? What if they were treated like a normal civilization, would they grow? I cant stop playing this game. I have very little interest in the Alpha Centuri remake new game, its not historical. BUY THIS GAME or you will never know the joy that historical gaming can give you. ONE MORE ROUND,... hour 1557
game-hours: 416.6
review: I'd like to start by giving you a warning: You WILL get addicted to this game. This game pretty much has an endless amount of outcomes when dealing with other civilizations & you will NOT be disappointed with this game. I highly recommended this game & I also recommend getting the DLC's for this game. But, a fair warning, (again): With the DLC "Brave New World", it is a bit tricky to understand at the beginning. It does big a bit of a new Diplomatic system to the game, but it is a great improvement over the old one, (which is still a good one too).
game-hours: 127.1
review: Civ V is a great turn based strategy game which let's you take history and make it submit to you as the master of all history and other bosh'tets. In all seriousness, the best part is being able to bomb poor 's who still use crossbows and swords and crap. I'd reccomend this game to turn based strategy fans and people who really like seeing rome become a world power and stuff.
game-hours: 3.6
review: It was a interesting and creative game. It had limited resources that made it more of a challenge but gives you a reason to expand to other regions. The idea and story behind the game is truely a recipe for fun and creativity. I have payed these games before on other systems and Inever get tired of all the things I can complete and do on civilization.
game-hours: 34.1
review: Glorious Nippon.
game-hours: 55.4
review: The game is good with the DlCs
game-hours: 12.9
review: Very cool strategy. I advise everyone who likes to reflect and build your own empire
game-hours: 310.0
review: This game is it's own genre.
game-hours: 40.9
review: Very good ya, Very good...
game-hours: 262.5
review: Had to go to hopsital because my eyes got so dry from a 10 hour game. 10/10.
game-hours: 161.8
review: A very enjoyable game that requires strategy, depending on what difficulty you choose. Its really fun because of the four ways one can win the game: Domination, Science, Culture or Diplomatic. In my opinion, the easiest victory to get is Domination because the AI is aggresive but that shouldn't hinder getting achieving victory by other means.
game-hours: 33.2
review: bad game/10
game-hours: 77.5
review: Massively fun, been addicted to it.
game-hours: 1626.8
review: Ruined my life. Five stars.
game-hours: 46.4
review: this is neat i like the way the graphics play
game-hours: 345.0
review: I was getting a little frustrated with Civ V as it was first released, but with all the tweaks and improvements of the 2 expansions (Gods and Kings and Brave New World), Civ is once again at the top of the list for my favourite games to spend the evening with! I can recommend this whole-heartedly.
game-hours: 76.9
review: Just.....one....more......turn.........
game-hours: 16.6
review: It's a good one
game-hours: 154.2
review: PLAY IT. DO IT. YES IM YELLING AT YOU TO PLAY IT!
game-hours: 315.6
review: Awesome game, absoulute must have....
game-hours: 155.7
review: Play as Japan.
game-hours: 550.3
review: The initial game? Nothing special. The expansions are what makes this game Civilization. If you want to pick it up, get the complete edition. They're on sale often enough and definitely worth it.
game-hours: 76.6
review: multiplayer is a bit buggy but it is still a brilliant game. Especially in this sale, the full version for 9 is incredibly cheap
game-hours: 201.1
review: mine refuses to open need help asap
game-hours: 79.8
review: I had played Civilization IV and had loved it instantly. Later, when Civ V released, I used to dismiss it as 'hex tiles and stuff', until I played it with all expansions. It's the best game from the series in my opinion. :)
game-hours: 54.9
review: Dude, life-manipulating and soul-sucking fun.
game-hours: 54.0
review: Worked for a week maybe two, very nice game but suddenly wont start at the loading screen exits back to windows, i have read a lot on the internet and there are a lot of reasons for this crash,other people have or had the same issue, frankly speaking after 2 days of trying to fix i gave up. I felt very sorry about it, i wanted to buy also beyound earth but i think is waste of money. If you release a game it is normal to be a functional one not put the clients to spend a lot of time trying to fix it. The game it is very nice but the support it is awfull. I hope that other users not to have my problem and to enjoy the game.
game-hours: 13.2
review: Classic strategy gaming, awesome technology tree system, and epic customization options. 10/10.
game-hours: 62.9
review: People say this is great, and it really is. I just played it properly for the first time and it turned out that I can't stop playing even when I realised it's 2 in the morning and I have school tomorrow. This game is additive. Playing it is like selling your soul to a devil or something. I don't think I have a life anymore.
game-hours: 37.3
review: This game is fantastic. Once you begin to play you can't stop and you loose track of time.
game-hours: 213.4
review: Nothing like wasting uranium on nukes and repeatedly nuking Catherine the Greats Russian empire just cause you feel like it.
game-hours: 102.4
review: It's a Civ
game-hours: 249.3
review: Best teacher of History!!!
game-hours: 192.6
review: If you have played and enjoyed age of empires, and empire earth, this is a welcoming face in the genre. Unlike the empire games mentioned, it's turn based thus giving a game of more stratergy, instead of spamming units.
game-hours: 21.7
review: Grand Strategy at its best.
game-hours: 54.8
review: Very good turn based strategy game. Lots of funny moments. Games tend to go on for hours.
game-hours: 640.4
review: LOOK HOW MANY HOURS EVERYONE WHO REVIEWED THIS HAS WASTED. RUN AWAY NOW BEFORE IT GETS YOU.
game-hours: 73.4
review: Awesome game!
game-hours: 599.6
review: anyone that is a fan of turn based strategy games will enjoy civ can you stand the test of time
game-hours: 599.6
review: anyone that is a fan of turn based strategy games will enjoy civ can you stand the test of time
game-hours: 3251.7
review: Bedste turn baserede game ever
game-hours: 182.4
review: Great!
game-hours: 88.4
review: This game is one of the best turnbased strategy games I have played to date. I was a little aprehensive about the new tile system and no unit stacking that was in Civ IV, but it works out brilliantly in the end. Was a little dissapointed that they did not include a few key features that ended up as expansions like espionage, but overall I thoroughly enjoy this game. If in doubt, I would certainly reccomend picking up at least Gods and Kings with this to better the overall experience.
game-hours: 23.7
review: FUN FUN FUN FUN. This game is very, very addicting. Definitely worth buying! I love it.
game-hours: 9.7
review: Classic and extremly addictive. One ... More ... Turn ... :)
game-hours: 237.4
review: Every game is different so there is always a new experience. It's a fun turn based strategy that won't get old.
game-hours: 80.9
review: a big disappointment. play civ iv or ii. this must be a joke.
game-hours: 93.4
review: a game that really can spend whole day sitting infront of the pc and play. even more interesting and fun when you have lots of friends playing together as all of us can plan with their own style and battle among each other to know who's the best strategist.
game-hours: 180.3
review: Awesome game!
game-hours: 39.5
review: I have played all the Civilization game and no other game is like this. starts out slow but builds and the end game is so good and worth it when on sale. get all the DLC you can
game-hours: 110.3
review: great game, hours of fun building societies and crushing others.
game-hours: 98.5
review: Loisto peli sek yksin, ett kavereiden kanssa! 4,5/5
game-hours: 250.4
review: GET THIS GAME AND GET BRAVE NEW WORLD. IF YOU HAVE A SINGLE STRATEGY-LOVING BONE IN YOUR BODY, JUST DO IT. I AM NOT KIDDING.
game-hours: 469.0
review: best game ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 46.4
review: ERMAHGERD I LURVE DIS
game-hours: 134.4
review: Amazing game
game-hours: 277.3
review: good
game-hours: 892.3
review: This game is absolutely amazing. Incredible amount of replayability and extremely engaging. Only down side is you can easily lose track of time while playing it.
game-hours: 494.2
review: One of the best games I've ever played, and yet it's still not as good as it's predecessors. Civ IV left big shoes to fill but Civ V filled them just enogh for me to put hundreds of hours into it. I just bought the BNW DLC and I hope I get into it faster than G&K. This is a game I uninstall for a few weeks but always reinstall it and play it for months on end. It's a strategy game, but an odd blend of micro-managing at it's finest and grand strategy. I can't wait to start a new game, but I also can't wait to continue my old saves into a nostalgia filled adventure of conquest, power, and Ghandi laying waste to entire continents because he couldn't get any of their  pearls. This game started my Steam career, and my major turn to PC gaming. Biggest issues: Everyone hates you when you defend yourself Can't be un-hated (without extreme cost to yourself) Compared to other grand strategy games (or other games in the series itself) the vanilla game is unbearably simple Some Civs are either incredibly aggressive (Songhai, France, Ghandi) or overpowered (Russia, Germany, America) All Civs don't exactly follow their culture policies (i.e. Greece goes Liberty and settles an entire continent) In random generated worlds, some resources are too sparse (or don't exist at all)
game-hours: 415.0
review: Very Strategycal and fun game!YOU MUST HAVE THIS IF YOU INTO STRATEGY GAMES,BASED ON TURN BY TURN!
game-hours: 138.7
review: While Civilization 5 is a fine game (and this is coming from someone who doesn't really like stratergy games) - it has nice pacing, it feels different every time, you can play a single match for LITERALLY DAYS. ... I do add a word of caution though. This game is 20 full price. Each of the two DLCs are also 20 and they are both very much nessicary to get the full experience. So your full game is costing you 60 and there is NO way I can justify that price. Basically, get this, but wait till a flash sale.
game-hours: 125.6
review: Game for all occasions! But, be prepared to put some serious hours every time you play. With the addition of Brave New World, the already great game became greater.
game-hours: 399.1
review: This game is great if you play with your friends. When you go online people are very cheap and get things rather quickly because they find ways to make one city be a power house and for them to win a game quick. Which is why I never recommend on playing online but only online with friends to just have fun.
game-hours: 3.9
review: Great game but i feel it requires some of the dlc to have great fun
game-hours: 0.3
review: Nod
game-hours: 367.2
review: its pretty good
game-hours: 163.7
review: Definitly one of my favorite games. I would give this game a 9.8/10. Each civilization is unique and there are numerous amount of map styles and different ways to play through each game. Gods & Kings: This DLC added religon which made the game much more dynamic and also added more civilization leaders to play as which some have awesome perks. Brave New World: Completely changed the way the game is played but in a great way. The new caravans completely redesign how to make money as a civilization and the great writers and artist make winning a cultural victory much different.
game-hours: 128.2
review: awesome multiplayer, does take some commitment though
game-hours: 307.2
review: FANTASTIC
game-hours: 112.2
review: it good m8
game-hours: 591.2
review: No game has given me more bang for my buck than this one here.
game-hours: 23.0
review: imo they have changed the game mechanics to much and at times (although a good game) it feels like it shouldn't even be called Civilization, if you love the game mechanics that Civilization has been famous for and grown on from the 1st game play Civilization 4 not this one. Civilization 5 is a good game but its not Civilization as should be!
game-hours: 46.2
review: Great game which doesn't let go of you.
game-hours: 55.7
review: It is a good game if you are into strategy game's
game-hours: 114.4
review: In the 100+ hours I've thrown into this game, I can easily say that Civ 5 is one of the most addicting strategy games I've ever played. It's the turn-based aspect about it that hooks me, I think; I need to just finish this next turn and that turns into 100 or so. I've not been able to delve into absolutely everything yet, all the map types and civs would take probably months of play, or a few nights on a wiki. If you're into a good strategy game and you don't mind putting a lot of time into a match, it's good fun.
game-hours: 71.1
review: This game is a time sink. 'Just one more turn!'
game-hours: 554.0
review: Great game if your into strategy not as great as civ 4 but still great game
game-hours: 262.7
review: The only game you can play for hours and make 0 progress.
game-hours: 361.2
review: Fantastic game, even in Vanilla!
game-hours: 50.8
review: Great game - more complex gameplay than previous versions and gorgeous graphics.
game-hours: 28.5
review: All time favourite. Every version is the nuts
game-hours: 289.0
review: One of my all time favorite games! Truly amazing! A must play for all people who love strategy games. -Potato_Ninja and a fat penguin
game-hours: 250.7
review: Improving every aspect of the Civilization formula, this is a must-buy for fans of the series, and a strong reccomendation for just passers-by.
game-hours: 219.4
review: Hours just melt
game-hours: 255.3
review: Honeslty, with all the expansions, who wouldn't own this game?
game-hours: 136.8
review: GET IT NOW!
game-hours: 175.4
review: This game has destroyed my social life and caused my friends to alienate me. 10/10
game-hours: 149.9
review: This game is great for people who keep a busy schedule. It is turn based and you can easily play this for 5 minutes a day, everyday, for a lifetime. (Seriously, it will take a lifetime)
game-hours: 196.1
review: One of THE best strategy games I've ever played. It's charming, witty, funny, and plays very smoothly, with very few bugs. The AI is intelligent, the maps excellent, and the game suceeds where so many others havefailed to captivate me.
game-hours: 41.2
review: Civ V is a fun game, but be sure not to take anything the wrong way. This game tends to ruin friendships. xD
game-hours: 253.1
review: Reminds me of the Total War series. But better. Without the RTS aspect.
game-hours: 138.0
review: I love this game! It's so great. It is both entertaining and strategic. I've played 60 hours so far and i could easily play 60 more!
game-hours: 150.7
review: Great Game
game-hours: 104.7
review: buy it er
game-hours: 230.2
review: I'm surprised I haven't written a review for this game yet... This title alone, contrary to what my hours say, has been my most played title of all time. I've taken this with me everywhere, even places where internet was a no-go. This title has EXTREME value for time used vs money spent. If this game is on sale, get it, especially the gold, the dlc is worth it. The vanilla title by itself, is rather bland, however with the addition of mods or the dlc expansion packs, it becomes a masterpiece worth every cent that will have you playing for days. A good game of civ takes hours, days, or even weeks! The game is addicting and so much fun, it has some educational value and is great to play with friends locally, or even online! I play this game constantly, and haven't even tried every civ, map pack, scenario, or game mode. The implementation of creation kits, lets you easily create maps and scenarios for endless amounts of variety and replayability. This is definitely going to be a top game of all time soon.
game-hours: 198.8
review: DIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIICKS
game-hours: 53.6
review: Big improvment from 4! Great game
game-hours: 197.6
review: is good
game-hours: 6.6
review: Civilization 5 is a VERY good game, the only thing missing from Civ 4 is religion. The graphics are worlds better, it is very smooth, and my only complaint would be the time it takes to process AI movement with a large number of AI.
game-hours: 81.5
review: Very addictive game I'm glad i bought the game when it was only $12.49 for the Complete Edition but its really hard to install mods for MAC :( Shame.
game-hours: 20.2
review: Wow - start a game and then look at the time, its already 3am :O 10/10
game-hours: 15.3
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 324.0
review: with 300+ hrs playing this game, i assure you that you won't get fed up with the gameplay. try yourself with playing on immortal or deity for maximum challenge!
game-hours: 169.0
review: Civilization V alone: 7/10 Civilization V with Gods and Kings: 8/10 Civilization V with G&K and Brave New World: 10/10 Civilization V with all DLC and alot of mods: 11/10 Rules don't apply anymore
game-hours: 40.3
review: I was antcipating this game for along time since I got my PC. I did not have alot of money to buy it.When I did get enough, I bought it. It did leave up to my expectation.Although it will start abit slow but it speeds up very well.
game-hours: 1555.0
review: I'm an addict. It always starts the same way...the itching, the scratching, the thoughts of Gandhi offering some Marble if I simply give him 3 gold and Open Borders. But a week later, I am once again smelling of urine & Papa Johns while my wife yells at me for emotional abandonment. She will never get it...how can you resist Catherine's song of double strategic resources? I am weak...one more turn...
game-hours: 1175.8
review: Simply put (because this review will never be read), it's one of the greatest strategy games I've ever played. The price you can get it at now is outrageous.
game-hours: 96.4
review: I've been a fan of the Civ series for years, but I didn't have a computer that could run V until a couple of weeks ago. It's sad to be poor. That said, this is definitely my favorite incarnation of the series yet! I grabbed the Deluxe edition for $12 in the Steam sale, and I think it's the best game purchase I've ever made. Civ V: Brave New World is a definite continuation and realization of the trend started in Civ IV towards adding more and more customizable areas of specialization to the basic game - religions are fleshed out and fully realized, Faith is added as a Culture-like religious currency, Tourism stats now contribute to cultural victories, and Trade Routes are a great new way to make money. Ideology specializations are both cool and annoying, but I think I'm mostly going with cool. Oh, and of course the city states...how did we ever have Civ without city states?? I don't think I can ever play IV again now, because I won't be able to function without buying off an extra city that gives me all of its resources and every once in a while just hands me a Great Engineer. I think my personal favorite thing about Civ V (besides the City States) is the sheer number of Civilizations in the game, and the very different play styles of certain ones. The first thing I did when I got this game was grab Harald Bluetooth of the Vikings (!), set the game to Chieftan to learn the new mechanics of V, and stomp the Austrians into the ground with Berserkers. I went on to a cultural victory after taking a couple capitals, because sometimes domination is too easy. Next, I bumped the difficulty level up a notch and selected Enrico Dandolo of Venice. Of all of the things I had heard about Civ V, I was most excited about the option to play as Venice and literally BE a city state. Venice cannot build Settlers, and can only conquer and puppet other cities or buy (puppet) City States outright with the "Merchant of Venice" special unit. It can, however, buy buildings and units in puppeted cities. Oh. My. God. By midgame, Venice becomes the most broken civ I have ever played. You get double the number of Trade Routes available to everyone else, and can just buy everything you've ever wanted with the roughly $500/turn at midgame and $1000/turn at endgame that you rake in. I never realized how truly important gold was in Civ until I still had over 40k gold in my treasury at the end of the game after purchasing every unit or building I ever needed the entire time. What's faster: building a Hotel, or buying a Hotel in every single city you own the second they become available? Ditto wars - who needs control of production in their cities if they have $$ in the bank? Not me. The only nuisance is that since you can't build at your discretion anywhere but Venice and can't buy Wonders, you have to build them all in one city. Small price to pay, though, if you ask me, especially as the game is mechanically biased toward small empires for tech, happiness, and social policies. TL;DR: For its broadly expanded mechanics, support of many new play-styles, and inclusion of vastly more civs, I would rate Civ V the best Civ game I have ever played and quite possibly the best thing Sid Meier has ever done. (My experience goes back to Sid Meier's Colonization c. 1994, which I played as a kid, so this is not just hyperbole). Well done, sir.
game-hours: 36.1
review: One of the best strategy games released in last years.
game-hours: 16.0
review: Great Game! Did a great job on this one it still had the feel of Civilization 4, but had some new tricks and additions which helped Gameplay.
game-hours: 16.3
review: I barely even played before it quit working. Tried 20 or more reinstalls, your steam server constantly loses communications, it I did get it loaded it would say unable to load something or another. Constant issues. Can't even play in offline mode anymore. A great game turned to crap.
game-hours: 289.5
review: Go diplomacy or go home.
game-hours: 1200.9
review: I have spent over 800 hours on this game, so far. Enough said?
game-hours: 311.8
review: You start at the dawn of your Civilization with a small city and build up over thousands of years to forge an Empire spanning across sea and land. Wage wars or play it safe and let others do your fighting for you via diplomacy. The gameplay is rich and deep with many different Civs and units and a long tech tree to research new Technology. Each game is different and provides unlimited replayability. The game becomes much more and generally a better experience with the added expansions, and I wouldnt recommend playing it without them but, the whole set can come at a price. Overall I highly recommend this game to anyone and everyone should have it in there game library.
game-hours: 183.7
review: Time simply does not exist while playing CIV5...
game-hours: 22.8
review: Firm Favourite of Civ IV; but have new macbook retina chose to install Civ V instead (on sale). Played for several days: + graphics, new buildings and movement. - combat, diplomacy It seems that the game is even more time consuming and in depth. So far I prefer Civ 4 as it sets the right balance for time and enjoyment.
game-hours: 180.4
review: Amazing strategy game. Love it, and it's addictive. Both the addons are great, as they add religion, better trading and new units/civs. No matter which civ your'e playing as, you will have fun! 10/10 EDIT: Played as India, nuked everyone and won by domination, 11/10
game-hours: 34.6
review: If you like 1. strategy games 2. civ 3. fun This game is for you !!! Have fun
game-hours: 32.2
review: Good game but the online is major broke and is very annoying to play
game-hours: 434.3
review: This game will eat hours away out of your free time so be warned. It is incredibly addicting and has insane replay value especially to those who enjoy multiplayer. It does need to be noted that both expansions, Gods & Kings as well as Brave New World, are extremely recommended. Without expansions the game feels not much better than a 7.0/10 but with the expansions (and optional DLC if you wish) it easilly will bring it to a 9.0/10.
game-hours: 124.9
review: I recently purchased civ 5, and later got the gold edition pack and after that I bought gods and kings. Civ 5 on its own is a good game, with thegold edition/Gods and Kings, it is a really good game, with Brave New World, it is possibly the best strategy game on pc. It's easy toget started but at the same time it is complex and deep. But with the good dlc costing 20/$30 it is difficult to recomend. If the dlc is on offer, get it.
game-hours: 338.2
review: Sid Meir's Civ 5 is all in all just like the last Civ but this one doesnt let you stack units on top of one another. Yet the only porblen that I have run into is the culture grew dealing with mountain tiles, you need tiles that touch one another to get them with culture or buy them with gold. However the mountains are a unusable so thought to be trash just like desert, but you can buld thing on deserts. Never the less when you need two tiles to be able to buy or get with culture, becasue its greyed out and that second tile is a mountain the game doesnt think it is worth it. Yet in doing so i am not able to have a town that was place by an iron tile for the iron and i couldn't get the iron for a lack of tiles of my right side
game-hours: 478.1
review: One of a kind.
game-hours: 166.6
review: It's a fantastic game plain and simple. The expansions are brilliant and add exactly what the game needs, The AI aren't the sharpest bunch but you still find that you get attached to them over the course of a civilisations history and are reluctant to destroy them. It holds alot of charm and has a high replay value. Go and invest if you havn't already it's worth the money.
game-hours: 45.4
review: Great game, keeps me busy for hours on end.
game-hours: 12.7
review: I will admit this game tested all of my skills as an effective leader and the experience will be daunting for most new players but with some practice (maybe solo games at most) the basic concept and structre of the game will become apparent and easy to master creating an unmatched RTS experience. This game recieves the Generals recommendation
game-hours: 40.1
review: Mah a, this game is TIIIIIGHT AS  !
game-hours: 40.8
review: sO gOOOOOOPOPOOPOPOPOOOOOLOLOOPOPOODDDDDDDDDDDD GAMESA
game-hours: 367.3
review: I really enjoyed this game. I found it works best for people who are also fans of board games or maybe have one or two other friends they wanted to enjoy a game with. It gets addictive at first, so when you buy it make sure you have a day free! Also, this is a long game. It can take about 6 to 10 hours if you play on the "Quick" setting. You can, at any point, save the game and continue it later. I believe it is worth the buy. The expansions add a lot to the game, but plain ole Civilization V is fantasitic as is.
game-hours: 98.4
review: This game is absolutly amazing.
game-hours: 109.1
review: Vary good game not hard for new people to civ and vary fun you old ones to. I say all should get this game
game-hours: 125.1
review: Countless hours spent re-assessing current versions of history. Never new Ghandi was such a war-mongering little  until I played this game. Also  Germany. 8/10 Replayability.
game-hours: 15.3
review: Well, who wouldn't wanna play this game? A great strategy game that you must have in your collection. In case you plan on playing Civilization on older laptop. Go for the Civilization 3 version, as this one tends to bog down old laptops.
game-hours: 389.7
review: i never get to use nukes. :*(
game-hours: 14.5
review: addiciting
game-hours: 216.8
review: An alright game, but not worth its price... get it on sale. It crashes A LOT in multiplayer games, and the singleplayer AI is quite dumb. I could reccomend it if it were cheaper, but not for $50 for all the DLCs and the game...
game-hours: 47.6
review: My friends told me not to go Japan. I went Japan and we lost our friendship. 10/10 would lose more friends again!
game-hours: 398.5
review: This game is a well made strategy game.Its well worth the money to purchase this game if you like to try out the variety in civilizations to play as or if you like to play competetive.A list of Pros and cons. Pros: Random map generator Good Engine Ability to select what era you start in Players normally always on multiplayer Lots of DLC content During steam sales its cheap Cons: Mod button not on mac unless you edit the game files Without DLC its bland Sometimes it takes too long for something. Overall the game gets a 7.9/10
game-hours: 27.2
review: Better then bread and butter!
game-hours: 301.3
review: I've played Civilization games since the first one. They were all great, but Civilization 5 is the most advanced. With a lot of added stuff, it has religion, ideologies and many little things with which you can rule your civilization - and conquer others. I haven't played multiplayer yet, but single player, the game is awesome.
game-hours: 46.9
review: The most approachable Civilization game, but probably not the most balanced or most in-depth or most interesting. It gets a little grindy, with lots of repetetive turns, and lots of boring optimization, that turn it into a sort of zen experience rather than a heavily invested strategy game. Lots of DLC and expansions have adjusted things to be way more complex and interesting though, and even if they didn't, the amount of content is staggering. 4/5
game-hours: 49.3
review: "Just... one... more... turn..." If you like strategy games, you really should play this game.
game-hours: 16.5
review: its Civ. i cant compare it to the previous games having never played them. its not a bad game to play with friends or alone in a room for a little too long.
game-hours: 121.6
review: )))     ,   .
game-hours: 69.8
review: Not as good as Fall From Heaven, but quite excellent. The diplomacy especially makes this perhaps the best civ of all time.
game-hours: 453.3
review: One of the best strategic games I've ever played. You have to take your time for this game though as it takes quite a while. That does however make this game a great strategic game as it takes and gives you time to plan out all your tactics in making alliances, building up staying neutral or declaring war on all who oppose your ways of treading the world.
game-hours: 295.7
review: I am totalu hooked to this game! I recomend this to everbody who likes controling large empires!
game-hours: 28.3
review: Warning: Playing this game may cause loss of time, unnatural hatred towards Gandhi, and the general distrust of every one around you. ENJOY!
game-hours: 48.4
review: It is awesome
game-hours: 221.8
review: This is a very unique game.
game-hours: 38.4
review: this game is a beast
game-hours: 104.8
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V, content-wise, is an amazing game for those who enjoy strategy and micromanaging, and the expansions increase it tenfold. Playing against the AIs can be challenging depending on your skill level (and it's difficulty), allowing for casual playthroughs of single-player instances. But there is one main issue I have with it: Poorly Optimized Multiplayer. If playing Multiplayer with more than one AI, the game will begin to lag horribly after certain periods, and only gets worse as time goes on in-game, which itself is a tragedy, as myself and my friends do enjoy playing against the AI coopertively. I haven't had too many issues playing with other players without AI, aside from crashes and such that will occur sporadically. If you can make do with little to no AI, or want to play for the singleplayer experience, I recommend this game heavily, and if the multiplayer optimization were fixed, I would find even more hours of my time being drained into it.
game-hours: 110.3
review: Good
game-hours: 181.5
review: Sid Meyer's Civilization V (or Civ 5 as I call it) throws you into complete control of the nation you decide to lead. Every decision you make could either affect you positively, negatively, or possibly both. Between extreme aggression by certain leaders, and the very passive City-States that you will meet, Civ 5 is something that never gets old. Regardless of how you put it, at least an hour of your time will be taken up easily. You are the supreme commander of your nation; take control and lead your people to greatness!
game-hours: 81.7
review: A must-have for every strategy fan. Diplomacy system is a bit ... meh.
game-hours: 263.9
review: My first tbs game absolutely love recommended it to all of my friends. DLC is a must if you want the full experience this game has to offer
game-hours: 59.8
review: its really fun but recently it has been crashing so if a patch comes out i reccomend buying it
game-hours: 774.1
review: Possibly the best thing they could have possibly done with the Civilization franchise. Since I bought it I have played very few other games and the challenge aspect of it are amazing. Could not ask for a better game, until you buy the expansion pack!
game-hours: 224.4
review: Although I rarely ever play strategy games, I have to admit this game is addicting and very entertaining. Going through the different gameplays and being the different world leaders is immensely inveloping. It's definitely something I'd recommend!
game-hours: 318.0
review: As a monarch ruling under the Divine Right of Kings, I must infallably declare, regardless of my spelling, that this game is very enjoyable. This is a fantastic game for anyone who is into stratagy games. However, I must say that diplomacy in this game is impossible. Don't even try. Trust no one. Beware Ghandi. Don't Blink. Blink and you're dead. Don't turn your back, don't look away, and don't blink. Good luck.
game-hours: 329.0
review: Woah, I played that for 300 hours? I've been in comas shorter than that
game-hours: 1226.2
review: if you buy this game and the next day at lets say 1pm you say lets have a fast game. 12 hrs later you will then see that you have been playing for 12 hrs and say oh i thought that was 20 min.
game-hours: 40.4
review: The procrastinator's guide to never getting any thing done. 10/10 Would play a quick match again.
game-hours: 21.5
review: nice game irly like it : )
game-hours: 159.4
review: Make sure you have no plans for a while... Especialy plans to sleep; because they will not happen. One. More. Turn.
game-hours: 163.0
review: This game is amazing, i dont care of im  at it, it is worth it!
game-hours: 1110.1
review: This is ridiculously one-more-turn addictive
game-hours: 188.4
review: This game showed me my passive aggressive need to rule and conquer the world. IGN - 10/10
game-hours: 263.8
review: This was once a really good game, but due to recent updates the multiplayer now sucks and it can't even go 5 minutes without having to reload (which itself takes 1-2 minutes). To summarize; It's a good game... for single player... ONLY!! (As of 11/15/14)
game-hours: 24.3
review: Addicting and takes HOURS of your life away. Yet its totally worth it!
game-hours: 118.4
review: Excellent depth ... plenty of replay value, although I wish there were alternative progressions in the tech tree, rather than it's linear nature.
game-hours: 1017.0
review: Civilization V is a very fun game,allowing you the ability to play as many different civilizations. Each with their own distinct flavor and strategies. You can micro manage your cities to Min/Max the game or just give a city a simple direction to produce either food,production,gold,science, and culture. All civs have unique buildings,terrain improvements, or units. Diplomacy system is hit or miss at times. You can go through a whole game as a friend to another civ and then suddenly they denounce you. But the game has its great diplomatic moments when you bribe someone to go to war as an ally to your civ. Ideologies (added in Brave New World x-pac) are odd to. A civ that has been an enemy for millennia will suddenly become neutral,possibly even friendly if you both have the same Ideology. Religion (added in Gods & KIngs x-pac) will allow you to adopt a religion. You can even rename the religion to something more to your liking. Religion bonuses can be anything from added growth to extra happiness or production. Only downside to religion is if you don't start building up faith early you can miss out on starting a religion. Not having a religion isn't game breaking though. Its possible to win without choosing one. Overall its a very enjoyable game. Your mileage may vary though depending on what difficulty level you choose. I've only beaten the game on normal. Still a great game and with it being 3 years since it first came out it goes on sell quite often through various digital dealers. I highly recommend a go at it, especially if you can get it on sell.
game-hours: 60.3
review: Brilliant game, endless hours of fun to be had.
game-hours: 166.1
review: It's Civilization, no stacked units, more strategy, less tilling and it time wastes great.
game-hours: 71.1
review: If you like turn based strategy, prepare to lose hours upon hours of your time.
game-hours: 40.4
review: One of the best RTS games I have ever played! It's so fun trying to dominate your opponents or beat them by reasearching enough to build the Apollo space program or by getting enough votes in the United Nations to win! A lot of fun but frustrating when you lose!
game-hours: 1131.5
review: one of the best turn based strategy games of all time :)
game-hours: 422.7
review: Never played a Civ game before, always been more of a real time fan, having got this, I spent HOURS on it, lots of fun even more with friends with co-op or agaist each other... Multiplayer can bug out now and then but nothing a few saves can't fix. Would recomment this to anyone who likes to build empires, create massive tradeing powers, or anyone who likes to roll over people with a massive army, so many ways to play so many ways to have fun.
game-hours: 160.9
review: Great game. Consuming all my free time. Even better with Brave New World!
game-hours: 60.8
review: I nuked the Aztecs as an Egyptian warlord. What other game lets you do that?
game-hours: 67.7
review: Gandhi wants to kill me and Genghis Khan wants to be friends 10\10
game-hours: 320.2
review: Consigliatissimo e senza bisogno di tante presentazioni.....presenta una giocabilit profonda e piacevole allo stesso tempo, una grafica molto curata dettagliata e gradevolissima, molte soluzioni di evoluzione del gamplay, insomma un gioco senza fine e senza rivali!!!!
game-hours: 16.4
review: It'sa good game
game-hours: 47.9
review: Hi all I've just got a new laptop and downloaded civ 5 to it. but its now saying disk error. i brought this game by downloading from steam on my old one. Could anyone help me out please Jay
game-hours: 568.1
review: I love this game I would highly recommend it.
game-hours: 294.4
review: I still dont like not being able to stack units to make a military or fleet in one square. If a city of 50 milion can exist in one square, why does a unit of swordsmen, pikemen, and bowmen take 3? I also miss being able to take over other cities with culture. But it is probably the best stradegy game still. Nothing compares.
game-hours: 23.9
review: My favourite in the series and all in all an amazing game
game-hours: 325.0
review: I love it, but the replayablility is a bit bad if your choosing between beyond earth and this get this
game-hours: 205.8
review: Is definitely an engaging game. Somewhat hard to refrain from nuking everyone.
game-hours: 175.4
review: If you are a fan of strategy games, you pretty much have to get this game! In this game you get to choose what leader you want to be, and how you want your country to be ruled. Decide whether you want to have a policy based on freedom, communism, etc. You start with a settler unit and a warrior unit. The settlers basically builds the first city. If you chose Bismarch as your leader, the city will be named Berlin. The same goes for all the other Leaders. You choose what your people will conduct research into as well. When you get enough points you will enter a new era, which could be for example "the renisance era". As your people discover more of the world, you will meet several leaders. They can be friendly or hostile, so choose your companions wisely. There are also several ways of winning the game. Domination means that you have to defeat all your enemies on the field. You also have the research and cultural victory. To achieve one of those victories you have to get a certain ammount of points within that category. You will also learn a lot more history by this game than you will learn in weeks at school. If you like strategy games, i urge you... Get this game!!
game-hours: 20.7
review: The best Civilization so far. A must have for all Sid Meier and/or Civilization fans!
game-hours: 62.0
review: If you want a time machine; this game is perfect. You can launch the game at the start of the day and being called for dinner not long after.
game-hours: 143.0
review: Gandhi is an .
game-hours: 50.3
review: GET IT
game-hours: 82.4
review: Amazing game.
game-hours: 70.2
review: Its absolutely epic, very very addictive
game-hours: 450.3
review: best game ever!
game-hours: 324.7
review: A 10000% historically correct game with realistic AI, particuarly impressed by the danes being complete .
game-hours: 82.4
review: One of the best turn-based strategy game ever made. Truely 10/10
game-hours: 11.8
review: AMAZING, ADDICTIVE, FUN
game-hours: 51.4
review: Just awesome!
game-hours: 152.8
review: Its pretty damn awesome
game-hours: 605.7
review: Totally. Amazing. game. I feel like I get sucked in as soon as I start playing with my friends or alone. Good Graphics, Great mods, Great updates&expansions! Definetly up there in the best Startegy games on PC.
game-hours: 239.4
review: you gon learn chinese
game-hours: 69.3
review: My all time favorite turn based strategy game that i've ever had the pleasure of playing.
game-hours: 949.4
review: The later expacks have made the game somewhat intimidating for new players, but you'll be playing this game over and over - every time is a different game.
game-hours: 95.8
review: It is totally worth it
game-hours: 351.1
review: YES
game-hours: 446.8
review: yus
game-hours: 205.7
review: it's goo. Oh...wait you want the d dont you ;). :* <3
game-hours: 317.5
review: Great game. Can lose several days of your life engrossed.
game-hours: 205.4
review: Awesome Game
game-hours: 1018.9
review: This is one of those games that you need time to play. I love the game dont get me wrong but, if you do not have alot of time on your hands, the quick games (unless in mp) are not as fun. So far I love the game and would give it a 9.5 out of 10
game-hours: 595.7
review: The best turn-based empire buildingfranchise on the market. Period. If you havent tried yet, you are missing out on many a sleepless night. Although not as polished as its predecessor, it still leads the way in the gameplay department.
game-hours: 548.2
review: Is good
game-hours: 56.3
review: Do you have hours to waste? Like looking at maps and thinking? Well then this will be like porn
game-hours: 248.4
review: Love it, Mainly for the strategy because Strategy games are my favorite games
game-hours: 413.1
review: Simply perfect.
game-hours: 842.3
review: With over 500 hours spent in the game so far, Civilization has extreme replayability. There are so many random elements, no two games are ever the same. This is one of the best strategy games of all time. All versions of the game are good, but this latest one gets it all right: graphics, ambient sound, music, physics, gameplay, and balance.
game-hours: 207.2
review: It's Amazing. The game gives strong strategic values. It displays ancient quotes for Players to ponder upon. And most importantly it's extemely addicting because of these few yet strong traits.
game-hours: 298.7
review: Multiplayer is entirely broken. This is not acceptable for a game of this standing. Every time a turn ends, my friends and I are forced back to the loading screen. This must be fixed ASAP.
game-hours: 707.1
review: art
game-hours: 283.8
review: Honestly, after playing this game for over 200 hours it is great fun. If you like building your civilzation from the ground up, this is your game. The only downfalls of this game are the online. It has a tendency to loose connection from the game and can sometimes delete those worlds. Although of the one flaw, this game is great for wasting time in a way. Lets say Call of Duty Black Ops 3 is comming out in 10 hours, this game is great for wasting that time. The mods for this game also are good. If you are questioning buying this game, you wont be disapointed in a stratagy veiw.
game-hours: 195.8
review: A very addicting game as you can see by how long I have played. Be ready to sacrfice time and all your energy as it can be intense but it is a must have game on steam! You go through different eras faced by man and try to make your civilisation prosper and win with the different victories.
game-hours: 238.2
review: Great game. Wasn't sure about only being able to have one unit in a tile at a time but you don't even notice and it works really well. Highly recommend this game.
game-hours: 129.6
review: Got to say, I received this game for free, tried it... and didnt like it.... but then... how do I have all the DLC? Well, if you are one of those who didnt like it at first.... give it a try for several hours, I dont know how but it hooks you up and then drives you through unsuspected hours of fun. The basic game is good enough, but there is a point at late/middle game where you may feel it lacking your interest, the DLC fixes those and completes the game holes. Some may remain but hey, give it a shot ;) I bought it later with all the DLC included, for me... The developers did a good game, earned my money.
game-hours: 848.5
review: Ill give this game a good rating but the problem with the multiplayer now a days is very annoying, but i believe that the devs will fix it besides that the game is real fun and can suck you in for to many hours.
game-hours: 47.7
review: I enjoy this game quite a bit. 5/5
game-hours: 150.0
review: I LOVED IT. Makes you think real hard and is really making you think of what to do to win and the effect it will have on you. I love the different people you can play as and the balancing. Only suggestion is that if the deplomacy and warmongering penalties were to be fixed, it would be flawless.
game-hours: 213.6
review: I absolutely love this game. It is without a doubt one of the most enjoyable turn-based strategy games I have played in a long while with very indepth strategy behind it. However I cannot recommend this game. Why is that? I have had a game breaking bug for the past 3 months that has made it impossible for me to get past the opening cinematics. I cannot enter the loading screen and there has been no attempts to fix this glaring issue and I know I am not alone on this. I have even went as far as to try and fix the problem myself, but to no avail. Without this and some other completely terribly game breaking glitches I would highly recommend this, but for now I feel somewhat cheated.
game-hours: 75.5
review: This is the kind of game where you can easily find yourself playing until two in the morning.
game-hours: 44.0
review: Pretty good game. Love the customizations and mutliple ways of winning.
game-hours: 155.2
review: If you buy this game your life will be sucked away
game-hours: 26.4
review: This game will waste days of your life. Now for a review for those of you wanting a bit more -Gameplay Very deep, yet simple enough to learn quickly and easily Turn based strategy that rewards good planning Very interesting combat system AI has varied and interesting personalities -Graphics Looks great, animations and models for nearly everything you will find Characters are varied, with incredibly real looking scenes and human-like movement Styled buildings per civilization based on region/continent of origin is a nice touch -Lasting appeal Hundreds of civ combinations to experiment with Multiplayer that can be fun with friends or random people from forums Multiple ways to win Create your own stories Workshop support for both fantasy and real life civs (I suggest Eggman's civ for a particularly evil and fun time) -Overall game An over achiever, everything that the genre should strive to be. Strategy games will have the bar set high from now on 10/10
game-hours: 873.8
review: Kinda good
game-hours: 148.8
review: Amazing just beautiful
game-hours: 207.4
review: I could say so many good things about this game. But I am going to keep this fairly short. For any strategy lover or anyone new who want to start trying out new strategy games. This is the best place to start! It's addictive, lot's of DLC, generally just an extremely marvelous game! 10/10 by far!
game-hours: 122.1
review: Just buy it.
game-hours: 1235.2
review: Game rocks ! but what every you do, DO NOT BUY it from STEAM. You'll have to reinstall it every time you want to play it. Not worth it !
game-hours: 168.6
review: This is a great game and if you do not own it yet you should heavily consider picking Civ 5 up. Strongly recommmeded for edless hour and replayability. What are you waiting for?
game-hours: 0.2
review: definitely
game-hours: 81.8
review: Genial
game-hours: 295.3
review: amazing
game-hours: 546.5
review: Endless fun when playing against Muslim, Communist America!
game-hours: 222.2
review: great strategy game
game-hours: 31.8
review: Easily the best turn based strategy out there. Quite different from it's predecessors but that's not a bad thing as the older games still stand up well today so this just provides a solidly different game that is great on its own merits. Top notch!
game-hours: 390.8
review: yes lemons yes 10/10
game-hours: 6.3
review: BEST GAME EVAR!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 241.2
review: To try and keep this brief, Civilization Five in one of the most refined strategy games on the market. The fact that even recently the game is still recieving both offical expansions, and user content should be a testament to that alone. Building on the framework of pervious titles, and reworking nearly every aspect into a more streamlined approach might have back fired. Yet, it still remains addicting and fun even after the years it has been released.
game-hours: 15.2
review: Generally a fine game, but I do find something disturbing about it. The ''time system'' of this game, let me explain. To start with, when you first play it, you start in year 800 or something like that so the first thing you'd notice is that you already got factions and people that didn't exist at that period. For example, France with Napoleon...more than idiotic if you ask me. They could of had made an easy fix for that, spawn the Civilizations by proper years, I'm not talking about exact time...just use proper centuries. For that I've found a module (''Historical Spawn Dates'', available in steam Workshop) which does the job with a couple of bugs, it's still a module, what'd you expect? Now you'd assume that the time problems are fixed, no...not by far. Now comes the most disturbing part for me. When you start building and recruiting it takes ''turns'', similiar to Total War games however this one is completly off. One turn is like hundreds of years here so in order to recruit yourself a bunch of workers you'd have to wait for more than hundred years, not to mention with soldiers it takes like 1000 years to get the barracks built and one unit of soldiers out. Yes, I understand why they had to do it since the game has a wide timeline unlike Total War, in here you start in stone age and work yourself to modern days, and if that one turn would be one season like in Total War series, this game wouldn't work out at all. It would be something Id play more regularly if it would at least leave the feeling of a long Campaign, which it doesnt. More like run around with some spearmen for a thousand years then find some rebels that just shove their spears up your spearmens arses and thats pretty much it.
game-hours: 298.7
review: This game is just magical, I really enjoy rewriting history:D
game-hours: 556.0
review: This game sucks 11/10
game-hours: 72.2
review: you Gandhi.. always declaring war on me..
game-hours: 85.2
review: If your lookingfor a strategy game with almost endless possibilites becasue of the Steam Workshop. Your In luck!
game-hours: 743.8
review: Great Game , turn based so low stress, build an empire
game-hours: 5.3
review: So far the game has been a blast!
game-hours: 77.0
review: A good small start-up strategy game. Good for those who want city management, nation management, military management, and even diplomacy. DLC adds features found previously in older titles, but still the core game is quite good.
game-hours: 234.0
review: This game is awesome! Buy It! NOW!
game-hours: 175.0
review: Can lose yourself in gameplay for hours with many interesting scenarios to play out or create for yourself. Very nice graphics and soundtrack. Go for it.
game-hours: 93.3
review: great game not much to say other than the fact i can fap my historical nerdiness all over an open map. good to sit back and waste what feels like 2 minutes to what really is 3 days.
game-hours: 100.3
review: Just know that you're going to waste a lot of time on this game... 10/10 Would get nuked by Ghandi again
game-hours: 99.7
review: A sign of a good game is that you loose track of time while playing it and with Civilization V it has happend multiple times were I think I have only been playing for around 45min but I have actually been plaing for 3 hours
game-hours: 147.2
review: If you like strategy games, you would totally want to get this game! This boardgame-like strategy game is the best and your family and friends will shiver in fear as they see you play as the leader of a great empire, they will bow to your will and none shall stop your reign over all beings! Literally, the best!
game-hours: 394.6
review: The Complete Edition of Civ 5 is really a must-have. With the addition of BNW, the game finally feels like a finished, fleshed-out product. The AI of your foes is fixed and the ideologies get the attention they deserve. Often I felt I was repeating actual history when faced with in-game dilemma's. 5 out of 5
game-hours: 119.8
review: I met Gandhi and nuked him 9/10
game-hours: 109.4
review: Great to play with friends
game-hours: 1280.4
review: Endless hours of gameplay, this is the most played game I own. It is an easy go to for any occasion, and is constantly being upgraded and added to. The multiplayer is fun and I've never had issues with it.
game-hours: 196.6
review: 0/10 gandhi didn't  on my civ with nukes from the start
game-hours: 104.7
review: i will always love civ games, but civ 5 kind of takes a step back. it's not that challenging and it's a lot the same as 4, but i liked 4 more. i do reccommend it though but if ur a civ fanatic like myself, it's getting to be a lot of the same old.
game-hours: 578.6
review: Fantastic game, highly recommended to any fans of turn based strategy.
game-hours: 271.9
review: this game is great really recomend it but it is a game where its alot more fun to play with friends rather than by yourself.
game-hours: 13.6
review: its bloody awesome!!!!!!!!!! :D
game-hours: 41.5
review: Good game, great turn based strategy, a little of a grind sometimes but still a great way to pass the time.
game-hours: 22.7
review: sick game!
game-hours: 560.4
review: A great game, however you should be warned, once you start multiplayer, single player will never be the same.
game-hours: 142.1
review: best gaym evurhh
game-hours: 30.8
review: "Just one more turn." No, it's never "just one more turn". Very addictive and fun. Good for when you got a lot of time to spend.
game-hours: 61.6
review: This game is awsome
game-hours: 38.5
review: This is a really fun game
game-hours: 121.7
review: Really additcting game, spent multiple hours taking over the world through dominitating and destroying with robots and nukes and also through winning the space race. their are multiple ways to win a campaign and that just makes it even better. Civ 5 is a must buy for Strategy lovers!
game-hours: 817.8
review: noot noot win the civilizes.
game-hours: 104.7
review: One of the best games of all time.
game-hours: 55.3
review: l
game-hours: 9.6
review: I'll give you V good reasons not to play this game. I. Can't find whales. II.Ghandi is a . III. My friends are . IV. No character customization. V. Roman numerals are an outdated form of numbering things.
game-hours: 128.8
review: It's good
game-hours: 21.8
review: Nipples
game-hours: 124.4
review: Awesome game. Very in depth and addicting to play.
game-hours: 191.3
review: This is such a great game! You realy need to try it!
game-hours: 97.6
review: this game is boss
game-hours: 55.9
review: After saving up $50(I highly reccomend buying it all at once) and purchasing the game, I was not dissapointed. Started out as Hiawatha of the Iriqious nation. Quickly became very warlike (Ashurbanipal of Assyria really ticked me off), and before the industrial age controlled 2 of his 5 cities. By the time the Shoshone (I didn't realize they would become such butts) had formed the world congress, they became my only friend. After liberating the Austrian empire from Assyria, I did have one more friend, though she was very... lame, having around 400 points while I had around 1700. For some reason, the Shoshone didn't like it when they killed my spy (even though I had forgiven them for the same thing), and they went from friendly to gaurded. After many turns of war (the Assryians and Denmark were vanquished), I ran out of turns and won the game. I was sad because I had JUST got an atomic bomb when it ended. I am on my second game, going for a science victory as Babylon (which is going very well). There are some things in the game that I would change, such as allowing players to refuse to be part of the world congress, or being able to steal certain resources from players (I hate it when the one guy who doesn't like you is the only guy with aluminum). When I first started, my mouse would not appear. I expected this as it had happened with other games and I was able to fix it by going into graphics settings and applying my resolution and clicking the fullscreen box. All in all, great game which I highly reccomend buying!!!
game-hours: 1425.9
review: One of the best games ever. Deep and wide to and takes many playthoughs to fully grasp all paths to victory.
game-hours: 44.3
review: Very addictive! But this game is made for who like strategic games. One of the best games on my steam's library.
game-hours: 563.6
review: idk wtf im doing
game-hours: 96.9
review: ius ]]]]
game-hours: 689.7
review: Days of fun and a remarkable tool to teach history if you like to read help.
game-hours: 5.8
review: Pretty ing  AI.
game-hours: 35.5
review: It is a long game i have to say but ruling a country is a new and awesome thing to do!
game-hours: 210.2
review: Be prepared to loose sleep...
game-hours: 285.6
review: I played this game since the first release and I'm happy to say that the game is ing great :) Hope for more expansions!!
game-hours: 507.8
review: This Game is freaking awesome! It is the flagship of it's genre, I have nothing bad to say about it, in it's current state. The unfortunate thing about games like these is that they don't get amazing until they get like two expansions come out. In this case the expainsions G&K and BNW make the game a true masterpice. Now I will admit that CIV V isn't as committed to historical accuracy as Europa IV, and it's not as complex. However it's so much fun to play. So much so, that your significant other may begin to resent the amount of time you spend playing it. The senarios are also great, especially if you only have time for a 100 turn game. I like the scramble for Africa one myself.
game-hours: 123.8
review: Addictive but the high usually won't last a whole game.
game-hours: 407.8
review: This game most certainly expands dong. 10/10
game-hours: 244.1
review: you should just play it!
game-hours: 203.6
review: I loved the first one back and the day. This one is just as fun but way better.
game-hours: 269.8
review: ffffffffffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuun lol
game-hours: 465.9
review: Love this game.
game-hours: 22.7
review: I love this game and all others like it thank you.
game-hours: 6.7
review: i dint get to even play it
game-hours: 29.2
review: awesome game worth your money and time playing lots of fun playing! if you like this game you should buy brave new world dlc! One of the best game ever for Strategy game. But it takes a looooong time to finish a round. so addicting
game-hours: 78.1
review: if you want to start a meaningful marathon game, avoid the ancient era when setting up the game. Your gameplay will be a lot more eventful.
game-hours: 895.0
review: I have spent hundreds of hours in this game and I can say I have enjoyed every single moment of it. The base vanilla game itself is just as enjoyable as the game with the two expansions added on. The only difference is updated AI and more game mechanics to keep track of. For a person just starting out in the Civilization series, its a great place to begin learning. The graphics and excellent for the Civilization series and the core game play has maintained its charm. If you are wondering what can make this game "stand the test of time?", there are several answers I can give. The first being the expansions and dlc. While they are not necessary for an enjoyable gaming experience, they do just make the game itself feel even more alive that it already does. The second comes from mods from the community. The mods I've seen for this game change and add to the game unlike any other series I've experienced. But dlc and mods aside, Civilization V is a game worth every penny I spent on it all that time ago. I recommend this game every chance I get because it has brought me hours and hours of entertainment.
game-hours: 818.4
review: 700+ hours and I don't plan on stopping.
game-hours: 28.4
review: Fantastic game. If you like turn based stratergy games CIV V is a must have. All of the CIV games have been great (I've played ALL of them since the first one came out on the Amiga). CIV V certainly delivers yet another wonderful game experience.
game-hours: 162.3
review: This game is a 100% awesome. Weather it be single player in a custom senario, or multiplayer with your friends. This game is fun and at times educational. I really like the fact that all the choices that you have to make and the repercussions and tensions of those choices in the ever growing world around you is like doing a action and getting a equal and oppisite reaction that is intreging to me, some things will be a postive gain some things a negitive, but you as a leader make the choices. Shear might, science, mabye a diplomatic victory? You get to choose which road is best for your playstyle and culture and charater. I like to micro manage and control descissions and actions in games that I play, and this game pretty much gives you free reign on your own capitals, cites, and population. This game is 10/10 for me, I hope you enjoy:) Cowboy
game-hours: 670.1
review: game crashes all the time
game-hours: 157.5
review: This game is super adictive and fun you will get so mutch hours in this game it is a bit expencive. PS: get all the dlc it is mutch more fun so many more civs play styles and more you need to buy this game
game-hours: 322.3
review: THE BETS GAME IVE EVER PLAYED
game-hours: 136.4
review: It would be awesome if its ing multiplayer wont be so lagging. You spend three hours with your friend to find a ing game, where you won't be kicked or something, you are playing a little and thenalmost all players have been disconnect, and couldn not connect to game anymore, what the ? I have never finished any multiplayer game :\ The game is great, but the multiplayer is piece of .
game-hours: 19.7
review: So much fun, be prepared to spend countless hours.
game-hours: 12.5
review: One of the best strategy games evr
game-hours: 492.6
review: One of my personal favourites. What is better than choosing a historical leader and then building and expanding your empire, crushing your enemies trough economics, diplomacy or just good old warfare? Very easy to pick up and play, but hard to master.
game-hours: 177.0
review: Civ 5 was my first taste of this genre and it qucikly became one of my favourite games of all time. This game has no weaknesses it has good graphics, easy to use interface, gameplay mechanics that are as complex and sohpisticated as you want and lots of replayability. I only wish that online multiplayer was easier to set up with strangers so I could play more civ 5. All in all, Civilizations 5 is one of my favourite games and is well worth the buy.
game-hours: 440.9
review: the giant of 4xy games returns, it's just as fun as ever, and fixes a lot of the issues that Civ IV had (no more STACKSODOOM anymore)
game-hours: 376.4
review: Most addicting game EVAR!
game-hours: 19.7
review: BORING.......TEDIOUS
game-hours: 82.3
review: Best turn based strategy game I have ever played. It is very detalized, and you will enjoy it if you want to simply overtake the whole world or play a very difficult game. It suits all levels. It has many things done to it in workshop as well. There is so much to tell that you just have to try it yourself. As I said. Best I have ever player.
game-hours: 352.6
review: This game is addiction at its finest
game-hours: 28.3
review: much civilize such conquer wow
game-hours: 81.5
review: Absolutely incredible game.
game-hours: 29.5
review: I liked the game. And I never liked any other strategy games this much!
game-hours: 72.5
review: ghandi the most peaceful leader in the world... right? 10/10
game-hours: 71.6
review: Very Nice Game I Highly Recommend This Game!!!!!!!
game-hours: 159.7
review: I started playing this game in the morning, its now midnight - Help!
game-hours: 7.9
review: I know it sounds stupid but i just hate the hexagon tiles in the game.Thats about it really!$%^&*(_)
game-hours: 94.8
review: No
game-hours: 3.2
review: Just get it
game-hours: 114.2
review: It's a stoater
game-hours: 633.7
review: Simply the best in long-term strategy, and highly addictive. It provides for endless replay value (currently approaching 600 hours). This game is less about quick multi-tasking and unit micro-management, and more about thinking, planning, patience, diplomacy, analysis, and focus. A steep learning curve to start with, it takes about 50 hours or over a dozen full games or so to fully apperciate the many layers to this game. A regular game can take any where from 4 to 8 hours, depending on the difficulty level, number of other players, the size of your army, and the amount of time spent thinking in between turns. There's also options for even longer games. It is an immensly engaging and rewarding game.
game-hours: 211.2
review: First game I played I trusted Ghandi. It ended with me in a civil revolution and me losing all my cities. Next game I nuked him. Learn fast scrubs. Will loose social life because 'just one more turn' 11/10 would nuke Ghandi again
game-hours: 1081.6
review: Can't stop playing. Must complete one more turn...no just one more turn..no I'll just upgrade couple more units then stop..no wait need to attack Russia, wait no .. one more turn......my god help me... can't stop playing...
game-hours: 213.6
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V is an (insanely) addicting game that involves building an empire from scratch and achieving victory through world domination, scientific progress, cultural strength, diplomatic ties, or simply being the last man standing with the highest score at turn 500. To achieve one of these 5 ends, the game gives you a plethora of units, buildings, tile improvements, and strategies to spend, backstab, conquer, lie, plot, research, paint, write, compose, build, and pray your way to victory. Games can take a - very - long time, with even the shortest settings consuming up to two hours of your daily life to reach one of the 5 victory conditions. Average games can take over half a day, and those few individuals with an especially large amount of time to kill will find the days flying by as marathon games are undertaken and eventually beaten. With randomly generated maps (or pre-created ones, if you prefer), scenarios, and many different ways to play with your friends, anyone with a social life, loving family, and employment will soon find themselves deprived of all three. The DLC adds hundreds of hours and tons of enjoyment to the already infinitely enjoyable and time consuming game, with diplomatic, cultural, and military victories all revamped to make the game more engaging and less of a grind between wonders, buildings, and units. So what are you waiting for? Buy the game and enjoy clicking your life away, one conquered city at a time. Don't worry, you can always have time for just one more turn...
game-hours: 134.3
review: <3
game-hours: 107.8
review: Very unpredictable as to if it will work. Shuts off when trying to stat-up.
game-hours: 1044.1
review: good
game-hours: 233.9
review: A lot funner than you would think.
game-hours: 670.1
review: cause
game-hours: 80.2
review: Fun game to play with friends.
game-hours: 891.9
review: Great game. You can get lost in it for a long time.
game-hours: 332.3
review: Fantastic game. lost hours of my life to it.
game-hours: 218.9
review: Great Game!
game-hours: 244.2
review: This is an absolutely great game.. I highly recomend this to my friends, and anyone who is looking for an answer to the common question; "Should I buy this game?"
game-hours: 42.9
review: might ruin your life
game-hours: 1264.4
review: By far, one of the best trun based strategy games around. I would recomend this to everyone who likes unpredictable opponents, multiplayer,and a wide range of options for your game to make the maps unique to you.
game-hours: 123.2
review: This game is amazing so BUY IT NOW
game-hours: 221.8
review: If you enjoy fast paced, quick action, this game isn't for you, but if you enjoy really having to think about your actions and extremely in depth gameplay, you'll love CIV 5.
game-hours: 127.4
review: Great strategu game :)
game-hours: 322.6
review: Having played every Civilization game since the original, at least the pc ones, I can say I really enjoy Civ V. Especially with the expansions I really don't see myself being able to ever go back to another Civ game. For fans of Civ games it opens up the flood gates to make any victory style a viable choice. For new comers you have a lot to take in but then again it is a strategy game and if strategy games are your thing A) you are use to learning curves and B) you cant get much better than Civ.
game-hours: 105.7
review: Good game. WARNING may cause you to not stop. 10/10
game-hours: 50.3
review: Very adictive game!!!
game-hours: 172.1
review: You know you got a good game when its the only one ive played for like 2 days
game-hours: 483.3
review: Civ V is a game that I would recommend for anyone interested in strategy games. The building of your own empire is something I had been looking for in a game for a long time, and the fun only grows if you can convince your friends to play along!
game-hours: 118.0
review: If you haven't played a civilization game before then, well, I don't know where you've been for the past decade or so. Either way a great title in the series. The vanilla version of the game (ie with no dlc/expansions) is a bit weaker than I would expect a civilization title, especially when compared to something live Civilization 4, but it is nevertheless a great game that has hit the sales many times. I definitely recommend getting the Gold Edition as with the Gods and Kings expansion the game really opens up but if you want to go for the full out Civilization experience (and they really made it a hell of an experience this time around) then get the Brave New World expansion too. It really mixes up some gameplay elements, most prominantly the cultural victory, and introduces some great civilizations. If you want a game that will be worth the money you pay for it then games like Civilization are the pinnacle of value for money, providing so much replayability and sheer amount of time you could potentially sink into this game is astounding when compared to some other modern titles.
game-hours: 89.9
review: good
game-hours: 1723.6
review: IM giving a review.
game-hours: 13.5
review: Civilzation V is one of the most addicting and brilliant masterpiece that perfected Sid Meier's strategic game where you help a country build its way through war against other countries and upgrade your land and cities with new sciences, ways of thinking and architecture. It's one of the best strategy games I've come to experience and continue to play for 100's of hours. 10/10
game-hours: 41.0
review: Awesome and addicting game, games do take a while tho
game-hours: 49.0
review: If you love Strategy games then this one is good for you. It offers a very custom experience, Everything from landmass to how man empires you face down can be altered. And one of my favorites is to turn off the varied options such as Culture, Science, and Social victories to focus on Domination, Squaring off against eleven other great nations in a race to rule the world is an entertaining experience, Especially if you throw everything into science. Steamrolling Horse Mounted Archers with tanks is oddly cathartic. And with so many options and choices you can play through the game dozens of times and still discover new play options. The game and it's expansion packs are worth every dollar.
game-hours: 334.6
review: Almost 200 hours nuff said.
game-hours: 22.7
review: My first foray into the RTS genre did not leave me disappointed. Despite having trouble with initially launching it after downloading, it was well worth the effort to get it running. I sunk 6 straight hours into the tutorial alone (Only to find that you can't save a tutorial game lol). It is a very good strategy game for anyone that has a lot of time on their hands.
game-hours: 422.8
review: Fantastic. A great mix of strategy and action. Pros - Graphics - Mod Support - DLC is superb - Customizable Maps - Customizable Scenarios Con - Takes up your time, because of how long some games/playthroughs can be.
game-hours: 536.9
review: I have always loved the Civ series, I still have a copy of the original on a 3.5 inch floppy. This is not the best in the series but its still ing brilliant, who dosent love kicking the hell out of the english using the celts, I know i do. My genetically predisposed hatred for the English aside this game is awesome, its like a more simple version of Europa Universalis (which incidently is one of my all time favourite games) and has a thriving mod and multiplayer community. While this game excels in Single player the A.I is still easy to beat, against other humans this game is like pancakes dipped in single malt whisky.
game-hours: 115.9
review: Never get bored of this gem.
game-hours: 94.5
review: Good strategy game!!!!!!!
game-hours: 49.7
review: Love this game. Positives - Looks great - Wastes time - Always fun Negatives - Can't destroy other peoples religion (as you can't raze capitals)
game-hours: 90.9
review: It's Civ, you should know what your getting. I really enjoy this game with the expansions but it does have a learning curve. Without expansions it can be alittle broken.
game-hours: 211.2
review: Super Fun. ^_^
game-hours: 376.5
review: "This land is your land, this land is MY land."
game-hours: 173.2
review: its alright
game-hours: 322.3
review: This is kewl
game-hours: 625.6
review: I have never enjoyed any other game as Civilization V with Brave New World Expansion. I just enjoy so much the scenario "Scramble for Africa" and this game will give you many hours of enjoyment. I recommend if you are new to the game to explore all the options and units available on a free for all game in a lower to mid level (1-4) and then head directly to diety level for this scenario. There are some achievements that you can check for yourself at the web for this scenario on Deity level. It will teach you a lot on how to handle the game to protect yourself military. Depending on the civilization you choose culture or trade rites will be needed to excel your strategy and train you for later games. What else can I say about this game? Well, I love how they introduce each of the leaders into scene and the Civilpedia gives you extra info on real based events with facts that happened in throughout the world. Great addition for any lover of strategy based games!! A+++
game-hours: 97.9
review: Britt Get this
game-hours: 17.5
review: Day killer. Extremely fun, but it takes forever to play!
game-hours: 191.6
review: Turn based combat while building an entire empire. Yes please play with any one with the game aswell. Thank you. From the origional maker of The Sims. Great work Sid. Get it now and be amazed at how good a game can be if you take your time and craft an extremely rare blue, flawless diamond in the rough, a sea of b******t FPS war games taking out Americas enemies in the name uncle Sam. Get this to get away. Rename Queen Elizabeth to Seras Victoria. Don't be Japan, be Area 11 lead by Zero. Don't be France, be the saints lead by Julius Little.
game-hours: 411.2
review: After getting the hang of it, I was addicted. On my second week now and still no chance of stopping.
game-hours: 318.7
review: One of the best strategy games of all time, so addicting, also the game mechanics are pretty awesome.
game-hours: 62.9
review: Pretty fun. Takes a while to play through 1 game fully.
game-hours: 399.0
review: U GIB NUKE 4 HORSE? I WAR U HUE HUE HUE HUE
game-hours: 160.9
review: An absolutley awesome game. Huge improvements over the Civ IV series especially now with the new expansion. I love the new Hex tiles and the "only one unit per hex" rule. It really adds more to the game strategy. I sometimes take a break for a couple of months but then I'm back to play a few games. I love it because every time I get a new map. Every game is unpredicable. Every game I'm trying a different strategy.
game-hours: 196.1
review: Worthy sequel of the best turn-based strategy game franchise of all time. It's great, buy it.
game-hours: 1210.3
review: great game, enjoy...
game-hours: 27.4
review: Civilizations: Where everything's made up and the points don't matter... 12 hours later... when you realize you haven't done anything else with your life that day. Seriously.. how does one game completely absorb your attention for such long periods of time?!?
game-hours: 262.5
review: Buy this game so you can fight the genocidal tyrant Mohandas Gandhi with your best bros Genghis Khan, Attila the Hun, and Harald Bluetooth of the Vikings. Also Shoshone for life.
game-hours: 342.2
review: Excellent quality. Binds all of the qualities a turn based strategy should have and near perfects them. Fun to play, at times a bit slow but enjoyable regardless. Riddled with some questionable design choices it is sometimes frustrating to play. All around a truly high quality game. Rating: 96%
game-hours: 419.2
review: Great game in a succesful TBS franchise
game-hours: 463.0
review: This game is crack. Do I even need to say how good this game is?
game-hours: 844.9
review: I have over 200 hours between me and my roommate invested in this game. IT WILL EAT YOUR SOUL, and is a totally awesome advance over the previous installments. I really love how you can actually use tactics in CIV V, because 1: It uses hex tiles for the map, and 2: You can have only one military unit per tile. It makes flanking and cutting off supply mean something in game. The tech tree fells a bit weird (I don't recall other Civ games allowing you to advance up to steam power before you even had steal.) but it's still pretty fun to mess with. You'll play through this game many times (or at least start a ton of new ones) before you get it all, but it's a learning experiance worth doing. This game is worth every penny. A great advance in the Civilization world.
game-hours: 202.5
review: The addition of the hex grid map and the removal of stacking units makes planning military campaigns a much more interesting challenge. The addition of Policies also makes this game very intriguing, as you can choose to build up your strengths or overcome your weaknesses. The civilizations are also much more defined in their play style, and having an AI that plays the civilizations as they were led makes for a much more memorable game.
game-hours: 91.7
review: Kills more than enough time.
game-hours: 41.0
review: Civ 5 has finally become better than civ 4 thanks to G+K and BNW expansions. Brave New World expansion is definitely worth picking up as it gives the game critical mass of features to make it fun to play finally.
game-hours: 16.3
review: Sid Meier is my favourite history teacher!!!
game-hours: 161.4
review: Mortal man cannot define the brilliance of this game
game-hours: 267.8
review: Good game. Everything is a pro, nothing is a con.
game-hours: 229.1
review: very good. best strategy game i ever played.
game-hours: 36.2
review: good game if you want to waste many hours on one game
game-hours: 287.1
review: Civ 5 is THE perfect game to play if you're going to be stuck on a desert island for 20+ years if you some how end up with a working computer.
game-hours: 1780.5
review: its like a super game of risk
game-hours: 482.9
review: I've always been a big Civ fan since Civ II and over 400+ in I'm still playing. The hexagonal tiles plus the combat system change plus the changes to great people (G&K) are some really great changes over Civ IV that honestly almost make it impossible to ever go back. It's biggest problem is the same that it's always been - it's pretty slow paced. This is a game that can take a month to play through an entire game.
game-hours: 38.8
review: This is one of the great turn based RTS that I ever played with. Owning this Game will never make you regrets because the every game you start there is a different situations that you might encounter and always not predictable specially if you are playing deity with 12 or more Civiulizations to compete. The only thing that makes my game hard to finish is to win Science victory in Deity level. its very hard and awesome. 9/10
game-hours: 654.2
review: the king of turn based games
game-hours: 54.4
review: WARNING: WILL SUCK AWAY COUNTLESS HOURS OF YOUR LIFE! Civilization V is easily one of the best games I've ever played. I play it a whole lot, and even my sisters and my dad play it. It's simply amazing. It's a great game to take off some stress after work, school, or even after playing hours of rage-inducing shooters. Grab a drink, pick your favorite world leader, and relax, while you conquer nations, and get nuked by Gandhi.
game-hours: 347.0
review: Civilization V truely fits the catagory with games that you say "one more turn and I'll stop playing," but then its 5 in the morning. The game always provides a new experience with each new game and has numerous features and tactics to use when playing. When starting, exploring and rising your empire always keeps the replay value high and the different bonuses for each civilization makes using the same tactic a bit more diffcult when using another one. The music is pleasing to hear, but should have more variety since the list is really limited. The AIs on higher difficulties are challengeing in my opinion ( I probably just bad) and the AIs on the lower difficulties are less than capable as their militaries are weak and their advances in culture and science are slower than the players. The online aspect is more or less disappointing. It's a fact that these games take a while to complete and most people will leave the game early on when losing by a bit or the game goes on too long. When they leave AIs take their place and they arent too hard to defeat. Overall the game is entertaining if you have patience; if you don't have any sort of patience and want a fast paced game, this is not for you. What i believe are the pros and cons are listed below: Pros: - Numerous paths to take to achieve victory - AIs provide a fun challenge so matches are not too easy - Large variety of troops and maps - Good soundtrack - A good amount of civilizations Cons: - Long length of games make having a full online game harder to keep - Small amount of songs - Diplomacy really limited - AIs refuse most requests and demand unreasonable deals - Some civilizations are a bit cheap with their bonuses - AIs are s most of the time
game-hours: 67.1
review: Some major changes, but I like them. Way more strategic than just creating an epic stack and steamrolling the map. Gods and Kings DLC adds religion, and a few other parts of AI have had some updates. My only complaint is how DLC crazy they went this time. I would much rather have 1 or 2 substantial DLCs than 20 little ones, and then another that costs nearly $30 but only includes elements that probably could/should have been in the original release.
game-hours: 162.4
review: Great game to play with friends! the expansions add in content that gives the game more ways to win
game-hours: 77.4
review: Great Game, A Must Buy For Sure.
game-hours: 73.7
review: Well, I played this game, and from what I can tell its most defining attribute is that it's slow. SSLLOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOWWWW. It's what they call "a ing long- game." A random map takes as long to beat as the entire single-player mode in some other games if you put it ON THE FASTEST SETTING. So I hope you have a lot of free hours. That being said, it is suitably addictive to make you WANT to play for that long. So there are worse games you could pick up.
game-hours: 276.6
review: This is a great game which involves a lot of thinking. AI could use some work though.
game-hours: 173.5
review: AMAZING game! Well put together, and the graphics are great, especially on a desktop.
game-hours: 299.5
review: This is Civ5, a game where you conquer people and nuke stuff. At least according to me. For the uninformed, it's a hexagon-grid turn-based strategy with a focus on combat, diplomacy, city management, and hurling nuclear weapons at people. No story here, folks, you make the story yourself. +Good visuals. +Stupid amount of mods. +Map editor and modding tools. +Scenarios are pretty cool. -AI is irrational in terms of diplomacy. -Multiplayer exists, but it's pretty bad. -No story except for what you make.
game-hours: 73.2
review: Find a free weekend and start playing Civ. You will NOT regret it.
game-hours: 170.5
review: One of the most awesome games I have ever played. and the DLC's are worth buying
game-hours: 2619.6
review: I've been playing this game since Microprose issued the first one Its grown to be the great game it is now I highly recommend it
game-hours: 869.4
review: I love the entire Civilization franchise; Civ 5 is no different. It's an amazing ton of fun to build your own empire. With the expansion packs of Gods and King and Brave New World (in addition to the other civs), the game becomes full - I highly recommend them as well. New to the game are city-states and a "one unit per tile" rule. This adds a great amount of strategy when thinking how to manage your military or dealing with other civilizations.
game-hours: 2581.6
review: The new Hex-board and the new units are great. The only downside in the "Kings" version are the revised defilade rules. It doesn't make any sense that ranged units can't use the observation of units outside of the defilade position to allow the ranged unit to attack. Even ancient units could have methods of communication (horns, drums or flags) to signal ranged units for direction and range! I really like the revised rules of Faith, and the terrain movement penalties. My favorite new units are the "Great War" infantry and aircraft. I also like the new cultural elements.
game-hours: 105.9
review: solid
game-hours: 1427.7
review: Gameplay: Most people want good gameplay over everything else. The Mechanics of Civilization V is pretty good with every other adaption and improvement of the later games but always having some differences. I wouldnt know these differences as I never played any of the others. But for Civ V the most important resources are: Food, Science, and Production. Screw everything else; you need those to have a working city. Food to grow citizens, Science to get research, Production to build stuff; sure you need money to keep your civilization out of debt and pay for maintenance for everything but it isnt that important as the three I just mentioned. There are multiple bonuses for you to get from your cities like Gold (money), Culture and even Happiness. Culture dictates how fast your borders grow and when you have enough stored up you can get yourself a social policy that is passive. Happiness makes you happy, full stop. If your people are happy, you have one less thing to worry about. Races: Every race has their difference (clearly). Some have buildings that cant be built by any others, some can build tile improvements, some can train units that no one else can. Most of the races are pretty balanced in their bonuses. Well, except America that seems to have short end of the stick in this game because their special units arent that great. Some races have more useful abilities earlier on; others have an advantage later on if the game goes their way like Russias double Uranium bonus. Some races are focused on winning through science or culture. The game is pretty balanced considering some rough ends! History: Let it not be mistaken that this game is very much a history game. It has scenarios that you can play so you can relive history but of course, you dont have to. The biggest history section is the Civilopedia which has history on about EVERY unit, building, race, city, and civilization and just about everything in the game that is available to you. When I am waiting for someone to finish their turn I often go into the Civilopedia and look up a certain unit or building to see what it is. Surprisingly satisfying and enjoyable to look through that section of the game as it often explains what it is, when exactly in history it came about and how they were used. Music: The music in this game is very good. I quite like a lot of the Leader themes, Incas and Songhais theme the most. Even outside the cities the music in game is pretty good; from the peaceful and neutral theme to the warmongering and aggressive music when you are at war. Special Features: Religion, Trade Routes, Voting and social policies makes this game very interesting. Want a religion to give you money over time? Happiness? Culture? Well you can so long as you have enough faith. Some civs it is easier to do that than others but it's generally worth it. Trade routes since the BNW update has made it easier to make money off other civs around you and gaining science. Having up to a maximum of 10 routes late game can give you vast amounts of wealth! You don't want your enemies to have that, so when voting comes vote to Embargo your enemy so they can't get any money from other civs via trade routes. You can even prevent them gaining happiness from luxaries. The new social policies give you more options to what you want, getting Freedom, Order and Autocracy first gives you a nice bonus. Be warned, this game can take days to complete one single game, especially when you are playing with friends. It is also very addicting in that you dont want to stop until you get a certain technology, oh wait that has a wonder that I can build. I am going to wait until that is done, oh wow! That tech has a good unit. I must research that (and so on and so on). Otherwise, enjoy!
game-hours: 481.8
review: If you like wasting hours of your life, and enjoying every moment of it.... Buy this game. Very fun long time startegy game.
game-hours: 26.1
review: Something you can waste a day into and still never finish a match. Perfect time killer!
game-hours: 28.5
review: It may be prettier, and the combat may be substantially better, but overall Civ5 is several steps back from Civ4. If I wanted to kill stuff in a turn-based strategy game, there are a lot of games that do it even better than this, and Civ4 is better in almost all the non-combat areas of the game (aside from graphics, but whatever). Disappointing. It does have potential though, and I'm hoping the expansions will eventually improve on the things that are lacking. It is significantly more approachable and easier to get into, at least. Note that this is based on the base game only, and I'm somewhat unfairly comparing Civ4 with all expansions to Civ5 with no expansions.
game-hours: 261.1
review: A great installment of the Civilization series. After the expansions and the mods it's almost perfect. The only downside is that the AI is not always the smartest - but then that's pretty normal for any stragety game since computers aren't as smart as we are... yet.
game-hours: 154.4
review: Its a strategy game that both caters to the beginer and the expert strategy player. It is truely a work of art
game-hours: 54.7
review: I never really was interested in the Civ series until I finally decided to try Civ 5, this is probally one of the best grand strategy games I have ever played. This game is very fun to play with friends who also own this game, I highly recommend this game.
game-hours: 62.3
review: Great Game, Meier's never seems to disappoint. The expansions are a bit pricey in my opinion but what game doesn't have expensive dlc anymore? But yeah, I'd definitely recommend. Game for everyone with Steam
game-hours: 46.7
review: This game is sick. It's fun if you need something that takes time and practice to play. You won't be an expert over night, but you'll love it either way.
game-hours: 381.8
review: Best Civ ever ! Pure Strategy. I love it :)
game-hours: 67.3
review: The epitome of turn based strategy games. Endlessly replayable, complex yet easy to approach, and some of the most reliably fun gameplay you will experience on the PC. A must buy for any strategy fan.
game-hours: 294.4
review: Only complaint: the AI has no idea how to play this game. I have a feeling that because of that, neither do I. Its definately faster than IV. And the visuals and audio is great. You'll see the shuffling around hoplites in 1866, but if that bothers you, turn up the difficulty so it gets some unfair help.
game-hours: 822.6
review: Fantastic strategy game! Build your empire and play against the CPU or others online! It's a highly complex, cerebral game that will challenge you every time!
game-hours: 91.9
review: Really fun game. You will always play one more turn....
game-hours: 41.0
review: I absolutely loathe turn-based strategy games, but Civ was a ton of fun for me. If you're afraid of the slowness, there are a lot of easy ways to turn up the speed. If you're not very much into strategy games, this game allows you to enjoy the strategy experience casually by giving you achievable yet challenging tasks. Just make sure to turn the difficulty down a bit and the pacing up a bit. The tutorial and UI are very well-designed and are great for Civ beginners. I'd recommend this over Civ 4 unless you're into strategy games already...
game-hours: 293.6
review: Great fun by yourself or with friends! If you enjoy managing infrasture and war at the same time, then this is most likely a game for you
game-hours: 1102.3
review: Prepare to not leave your computer for weeks at a time. Instant Classic.
game-hours: 34.0
review: I am Ozzy Osbourne, Keen of Keens
game-hours: 238.6
review: Very fun game. It mixes the fun of building a civilization and conquering the world together. It has different things you can do like go for the science victory. There are quite a few victorys and characters making the game interesting. It generates new maps so you will have a new experience every time. I would give this game a 9 out of 10. I highly recommend you buy this game.
game-hours: 132.4
review: Great strategy game, loads of fun!
game-hours: 9.2
review: It's Civ. You just take a couple of . . . IT'S CIV. 92%
game-hours: 27.1
review: Combat is vastly better than previous incarnations. Hopefully the expansion adds more depth.
game-hours: 96.3
review: Lots of fun building, exploring, warring. It's different every game so there's tons of replay value.
game-hours: 543.7
review: This is quite a heavy game to get into! There are so many ways to play, to win, and to build your civilization that you'll go crazy if you try to formulate a single way to win every game. I really love the hexagonal grid that this game uses; it really sets this turn-based strategy apart from others. The hexagonal grid allows for much more movement and mobility than square tiles.
game-hours: 265.7
review: Do not say i played strategy game without playing Civ.
game-hours: 281.1
review: One of the greatest strategy games I have ever played.
game-hours: 81.9
review: They should just cut the pretense and call it "crack".
game-hours: 346.3
review: A game that could'nt be more addicting, once you get into the meat of the game you'll want to stay until the very end! Very good for strategy lovers , and for a true challenge, try to obtain any victory other than domination, damn near impossible on the higher difficulty levels
game-hours: 136.0
review: Amazing strategy game! I love the new hex tiles and combat system. Adds a whole new layer of strategy.
game-hours: 91.3
review: It's Civ. It's great.
game-hours: 793.3
review: As of this writing, I have played 430 hours of this. "Feel the satisfaction conquering the fictional world that you don't get in the real world where the most you conquer is getting out of bed in the morning and gathering the strength to go to work.
game-hours: 1183.0
review: It got off to a simple, shaky start, but patches and Gods and Kings have made it into a streamlined, worthy successor to the franchise and an incredibly fun experience.
game-hours: 134.0
review: Civ5 is a great time sink, an activity for lazy days.
game-hours: 204.2
review: A must have turn based Strategy
game-hours: 26.2
review: 5th iteration on the Civilization series. Increased tactical gameplay through a one unit per tile policy. Major focus is still on civilization management, city development, and research vs income vs population happiness balancing. Playstyle heavily influenced by social policy decisions. Recommended for anyone that hasn't played the Civilization series yet, recommended for on sale purchase for anyone else.
game-hours: 1.6
review: For more than 20 years, a series of games "Civilization" one of the best turn-based strategy.
game-hours: 104.1
review: This is a really well put together game. The actual play is simple, though the strategy is deep. The work they put into the game shows, even down to the tiny details. For new players, the biggest challenge can be learning about all the different units, how some of the resorces affect things, but after playing a game or two you get the hang of it. It is also a good game to play with friends. I also like how you can win by using other methods then conquest like most strategy games.
game-hours: 27.6
review: An interesting game for both casual and hardcore gamers, inducing the strategic side of your brain. Civilisation V is the type of game that one plays when they have a few hours to spare, each session lasting between 5-10 hours, sometimes even 20. Although this may seem quite daunting to those who haven't experienced the joy of defeating barbarians that have ravaged your land and taken your workers for over 1000 years, the game is captivating enough to make time fly, literally ingame and out, as in 1 turn is 100 years, get it... Bad jokes aside, the game is designed brilliantly, containing beautiful graphics, allowing players to view the board in a 3d or strategic way. When you first load up the screen and you see buttons and words on all 4 sides of the display, don't be discouraged by this, I will admit that for a board game, it has far more mechanics then one would normally expect, including things such as technology trees, policies, productions, settling, etc. the list could go on forever! But these rules and ideas can be picked up pretty quickly, seeing as how you will be playing it for many hours, and this allows for another aspect of the game, Discovery. You will find that initially the map will seem quite small, sometimes even wondering 'How are we gonna spead out and conquer the world with this minute amount of land'. But as you start building troops and scouts and boats, you quickly realize how small your city is compared to the land that awaits you, granted the map size and pace of the game can all be changed in the game settings. The multiplayer mode can also be one of the most ridiculous (in a good way) way of finding out the true nature of your friends, whether it be through them starting a war with you, forming an alliance, plotting with you to backstack some other poor friend that you both think might win the game. The multiplayer mode, I have found, becomes a better tutorial than the tutorial that the game has to offer, allowing you to learn faster with a person that know the rules and can interact with you as opposed to the AI that pops up messages every so often that tells you the obvious. Caution: If you're playing this at night with some friends over voice chat, remember to close your door as you will find yourself shouting and yelling. Why? well you'll have to play to find out... Overall, this game will not disappoint you, introducing new mechanics and ideas every step of the way, straining and developing your brain as you panic over losing money and resources, essentially plonking you in a position of a world leader and seeing how far you can make your civilastion survive. I recommend this game to everyone of all ages, if they're looking for a relaxed way to spend their day, but if your looking for fast action, FPS, bloodsplattery goodness, you might want to try something else.
game-hours: 25.6
review: This game is terrible. I've played Civ 2, 3, 4 and 5. For 2, 3 and especially 4, I've played hundreds of hours, and likely a thousand hours for Civ 4. Civ 5 put me to sleep. I tried. I hated it. Don't trust me though. Go to Amazon reviews, and compare Civ 4 and Civ 5. Common thread for people who like Civ 5.... "I thought strategy games would be hard, but this was not ..." This is the game that taught me to never preorder a game again.
game-hours: 29.2
review: Civilization V is outstanding in all its aspects - engaging and accessible gameplay topped with a superb soundtrack; the best of its kind. Highly recommended for anyone who likes strategy games that are played at your own pace.
game-hours: 592.5
review: I can play CIV 24/7 without stopping... addictive, great game. If you get the patch Gods and Kings is complete!
game-hours: 346.8
review: A great game for those who love strategy, the complex features of the game allow for addicting gameplay. It is interesting because it is so good yet i see so much more potential. It adds a layer of depth in many real life situations such as politics and military strategy.
game-hours: 252.2
review: The Spearman wins again!
game-hours: 9.0
review: "I will destroy your entire race" - Ghandi
game-hours: 987.4
review: My rampaging Aztecs and I have found this game to offer countless hours of quality world-conquering entertainment.
game-hours: 13.3
review: 10/10
game-hours: 112.5
review: Do you want to rule the  world? This is the game for you! Assume your role as history's greatest leaders. It is like a massive time warp put Caesar, Ghandi, Washington, Queen Victoria, and Bismarck and they all go apes**t against each other because Washington and Bismarck were drunk and set foot in Ghandi's turf. Now you are in a world war in an alternate universe where none of these historical figures age and there is nothing but disarray and a whole metric s**tf**k of pandemonium going on. So you finally make a peace treaty with Ghandi and you move on to the advancement of your society. Perhaps your culture is too oppressive, or you want to develop the automobile. However you manipulate these variables, they will determine production of money or other s**t like science. If you advance enough to Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri, You win. (And Total World Domination). It's your Civilization, do whatever you want with it, I don't give a s**t. :|
game-hours: 282.5
review: You play one of the best, most addicting, turn-baed stradagy games to exist for PC, Civilization 4. You thoughts such as "It doesn't get any better than this." . the 5th installment of this game series absolutly leaves you jaw-droping by proving you wrong!
game-hours: 24.4
review: ITS REALLY GREAT GAME WITH GREAT MUSIC AND GAMEPLAY!!! 10/10 Its genius!
game-hours: 433.1
review: Civilization V is by far the best video game for those days when time seems boundless and the hour seems listless and one desires nothing but some fun empire building gameplay that no one can get tired of.
game-hours: 5.9
review: What an amazing game, deeper than any of its predecessors and fantastic soundtrack and graphics. Just...one....more...turn!
game-hours: 110.5
review: Easily one of the best RTS games on the market!
game-hours: 130.6
review: good ol' one more turn game been playing civilization for years an will keep on playing for years especially good ol' civilization 5 can't go wrong with buying this great game :)
game-hours: 69.3
review: Speaking as someone who rarely plays strategy games and has never played Civ before this entry, I can heartily recommend this game. It's fun, somewhat easy to pick up (especially if you have friends to guide you), and has a very large amount of interesting content. Now, I do have a few points to make, before you buy this: -It's somewhat expensive. I would advise anyone who wants to buy it to wait for the Christmas sales, in order to get the most out of it. This is important because: -You should get as many of the expansions as possible. They add new civs, new units, and, in some cases, whole new mechanics that make the game much more exciting and interesting. Seriously, get this game's expansions. -It is much, MUCH more fun with friends. If they own it, you can play online with them, if not, don't worry, there is a "Hot Seat" mode that lets you alternate turns on the same machine. I don't care what measures you have to take, but play this with friends if it's at all possible.
game-hours: 461.9
review: It's the , why else?
game-hours: 20.9
review: This game is strangley addicting, how ever its is terrible that the DLC's cost as much as the game. Other than that, the game itself is great! But the DLC just quadruples on how fun the game is.
game-hours: 47.1
review: Civ5 isn't nearly as indepth as Civ4 and the three expansions, but it's really a good thing. Late game is a lot more balanced, and the DLC adds some nice scenarios without breaking the bank. All the customization is there, and the hex system makes a nice change of pace.
game-hours: 11081.6
review: Civ V is a state-of-the-art, turn-based strategy game. Although you control your country's citizens and armies "from above". rather than as a first-person shooter, there is still plenty of action at any one of the eight difficulty levels you choose for play. Quite different from Civ IV (which I also enjoyed).
game-hours: 104.1
review: I like it. It is in my favorites :P
game-hours: 77.1
review: 4- ,   3-.    - -,    ,       ( -   DLC     ).
game-hours: 107.4
review: Strategic and entertaining. Most people are aware of this hexagonal obsessed series but after 77 hours, i can say this is the most addicting addition of the series. Noteable strengths: Runs well on low end computers. Well done economy system Each tile has significance and is strategically unique Fast pace late game Custom maps Excelent unit ballance. Weaknesses: Slow early game long initial loading time AI faction reputations need work. Overall a good game well worth buying. If you are looking for an entry to turn based strategy, this would be it. The main thrill peronally was managing my economy and military over a massive spread out faction on a global custom map.
game-hours: 168.4
review: Civilization 5 is the newest in the turn based civ series. It has 2 expansion packs: Gods & Kings and Brave New World. It's easier accessible than its predecessors. The game gives more tooltips and has less micromanagement. Pros: easy to learn, high replay value, very nice music. Cons: AI is sometimes annoying, game sometimes crashes. The game comes with 8 difficulties with the first 3 giving you a handicap and the last 4 giving you a disadvantage. However the AI doesn't seem the get smarter with each difficulty, they do get a little more aggressive. The base game comes with 18 civs (together with the expansions and DLC 43). All have one or two bonus abilities, e.g: Washinton's landunits have +1 sight, 50% tile discount. All civs have a unique unit which replaces the standard unit with a more powerful version and all civs got either a unique building or a second unique unit. The bonuses are balanced quite well, although some are more dependant on the map size and/or type. The AI also have their own traits for example Montezuma of the Aztecs is aggressive and it very likely to attack unless you're considerably more powerful. The traits of the AI also decides what victory the AI tries to pursue and which techs they choose to discover first. Sometimes the AI can be plain annoying. In my last play I was allied with 5 of my 7 opponents. And they all felt the need to announce their happiness that I was allied with their allies. This happened 3 or 4 times per turn. New in Civ 5 are the city states. These are large cities which do not expand. You can give them gold or units to increase your standing with them or solve quests (like killing barbarians or build a specific wonder). The higher standing you have with them the more bonuses they give you, e.g: resources, units etc. City states have their own personality which decide what kind of bonus and quests they give. Capturing city states can anger your opponents and capturing to many of them will cause other city states to grow wary. In Civ 5 there are 4 ways to win the game. - Domination victory, - Cultural victory, - Science victory, - Diplomatic victory. If no one achieves one of the victories before the time runs out, it will result into a stalemate. The BNW expansion changes some of the win conditions. New in Civ 5 is the Social Policy trees. Whenever you gain a certain amount of culture, you can pick one social policy. In total there are 8 trees with 5 policies each. They give you bonuses to your empire, e.g: the Liberty tree focuses on expanding your empire with faster settler training and free workers. The Brave New World expansion adds 2 extra policy trees and updates the base game policies. Completing 5 policy trees results in a cultural victory. Domination victory requires you to capture all of your opponent's capital cities while having yours in your own possesion. Science victory requires you to build a spaceship and travel to Alpha Centauri. To build a spaceship you'll need to research all of the techs available. Diplomatic victory happens by winning the election of the UN, by allying your opponents and/or city states. While civ 5 runs quite well on tiny maps, it can cause slow enemy turns on bigger maps, aswell as crashes.
game-hours: 650.6
review: A very good time spender. If bored, this will give you fun and absorb your time. Very nice and well thought out.
game-hours: 247.4
review: Great game, lost many an hour playing this game.
game-hours: 230.6
review: Very Good Gem
game-hours: 14.1
review: I will not quit really
game-hours: 292.0
review: One of the best TBS games, but for the series fans it still needs quite a lot tuning. I am really happy that the series is going in the right direction with the new content.
game-hours: 356.3
review: Probably my second favorite game on the PC. Makes you feel important.
game-hours: 147.3
review: this is sooo fun
game-hours: 88.8
review: Youll never leave your computer.
game-hours: 82.6
review: Civilization is a turn based strategy game in which you control an entire empire starting from ancient times to post-modern times. There are many expansions to the game that add things like religion, maps, tourism, more civilizations to play, and much more. Civilization does not require quick reflexes, so you can play it either fast or slow, which allows you to play it at whatever pace you want. Since the game goes from 400 B.C. to 2050 A.D., and a turn is only five years, it does take a long time to play. There are many ways to play, one could expand very quickly and produce very many units very quickly, but this normally leads to your nations economy crumbling. You could expand very slowly and have a great economy, but for more militaristic nations this is not a very desired tactic. There are many ways to win the Civilization game; you could destroy all the other countries, have the most tourism, or launch a rocket into space, and yet there are even many more ways to win. I recommend this game to people who enjoy both a real time strategy and a turn based strategy. I would rate this game a 4.5 on a scale of 5 being the best, the only reason it is not a five is how long the game takes to play.
game-hours: 403.2
review: There are few games that make you feel as 'in control' or powerful as Civilization 5 does. It certainly does a fantastic job at what it's meant to do and I would recommend this game to you if you're into strategy games and using your wits to best your opposition.
game-hours: 106.0
review: besses game EU
game-hours: 108.9
review: um
game-hours: 30.6
review: Great game. military unita are awesome!
game-hours: 105.8
review: Turn based strategy at its best.
game-hours: 29.9
review: This is one of my favorite games on pc, its for every gamer out there.
game-hours: 98.3
review: The loss of culture flipping cities is unfortunate, and they simplified cultural victories into simply an offense and defense stat... But still a fine addition to the series.
game-hours: 171.5
review: Greatest strategy game ever made.
game-hours: 124.7
review: recommended :)
game-hours: 213.2
review: t(next turn) h(next turn) e(next turn)
game-hours: 385.9
review: Amazing game, Great to play alone and with friends, The DLC adds so much to the game as well, So much fun, My game of 2013
game-hours: 130.0
review: A great way to question your trust of your friends as you stab each other in the back , multiple times.
game-hours: 84.9
review: SO MUCH FUN!!
game-hours: 154.5
review: tried to befriend gandhi, he ends up betraying me and conquers all my cities 11/10 would play again
game-hours: 610.9
review: OMG BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 72.1
review: Pros: Great game, and it is lots of fun, has tons of hours of play time. Cons: A few small things that are annoying in certain situations.
game-hours: 6.2
review: awsome and addicting
game-hours: 120.1
review: This is a fun game.
game-hours: 78.0
review: A game that, in my opinion, could easily top some of the newer shooters. Would reccomend to anyone who likes strategy games and has a sense of patience
game-hours: 140.1
review: This game is awesome and I am only writing this to get entered in the contest
game-hours: 43.1
review: Well, let me just have a quick round... HOLY  WHY IS IT 4 A.M.
game-hours: 17.7
review: best game 1852
game-hours: 111.3
review: Basically just buy it
game-hours: 48.3
review: Extremely fun
game-hours: 445.5
review: +A
game-hours: 151.5
review: Must have PC game. Civ V is brilliant in almost every way, you can easily drop a few hours into a single session.
game-hours: 244.9
review: The best strategy game iv'e ever played and one of my favorites.
game-hours: 205.2
review: Best strategy game ever made.
game-hours: 201.7
review: Strong game for little Bratans.
game-hours: 170.1
review: One...more....TURN!!
game-hours: 96.4
review: Awesome Game!! Awesome turn based strategy game I absolutely loved it. There is an amazing modding community that can greatly increase the longevity of the game and the mods are supported in Steam workshop. I have sunk a ton of hours into this game with abosolutely no regrets. It almost always goes on steam sales so wait until then and snap it up!!
game-hours: 214.1
review: The game is simple to pick for new players. On the easiest mode, you can't lose so it's nice to just try things and learn by doing -- no thick manual to read. Graphics are quite good. Great place to see if you like turn-based strategy games (much less stressful than real-time strategy). Played almost 200 hours and the replay value is still high. No two games are alike. I've been playing off and on since 2010 and it's always fun when I come back to it. Even now, I often get sucked into "one more turn" and stay up later than I planned. If you find yourself winning a lot, changing the difficulty level will change things for you. The game rewards more passive play which I prefer and there are several ways to win (cultural victories are now viable at higher levels). Definitely would recommend this game.
game-hours: 162.1
review: The most polished version of Civilization yet. A must own for anyone's library.
game-hours: 604.3
review: I absolutely love this game. It's hard to stop playing it. If you are looking for an addictive strategy game, this is the game to buy. With so many different types of scenarios and mods you can incorporate, there's literally no end to this game. Strategy games were never my cup of tea until this game came along. It's hard to point out anything that is being done wrong in this game and the expansions make this game even better.
game-hours: 130.5
review: This is a great game that I could play for hours and I would recommend it to anyone who wants to play it.
game-hours: 86.1
review: Im playing this using my laptop with only the Intel HD 4000 so I always play with all the animations turned off. In fact, I always play ONLY using the hexagonal grid map yet I still hours and hours and hours of fun. This game is really that good and this comes from a guy who mainly prefers (Action-, J- or just normal) RPGs. The last time I played and enjoyed an RTS was AoE II, waaaay back then. If I could only mention one or two things that absorb me in is the background music, especially when we're talking about the Middle Eastern and the East & South-East Asian themes. I LOVE 'em! Not only the music though, the Tech Tree, Policy, units, buildings... There are tons of things that you have to decide, more importantly in the first 100/200 turns, and that what makes this game's replayability is unmatched. Seeing that this is the only game which I've clocked in for 80+ hours, I'd rate it 10/10
game-hours: 155.2
review: I recommend this game, sadly when I was in sweden... the pirated version is a lot quicker on fixing bugs than the company. I bought two of these games because they did not accept donations and are probably mad that sweden allows pirating.
game-hours: 411.8
review: What Fable 1 should have been.
game-hours: 99.8
review: One of the best games you'll ever play!!
game-hours: 65.8
review: This installment into the Civilization series is a nice one. The game does have some draw backs though. I have been playing Civilization ever science I found a copy of Civ. 3. A major difference in the game is the new one unit per tile (OUPT for short) rule. Basically, you can't create unit stacks. This also means you need to watch your military size, especially when playing on smaller maps. If you don't, you will probably end up with the blanket of doom. When this happens, you are forced to disband units just so others can move. Another major change to the game is how cities are captured. Instead of having to garrison a city with units to protect it, cities now have their own strength. To capture a city, this strength must be depleted. This means no more of just picking up the AI's un-garrisoned cities like in Civ. 3 and 4. Also, I have found that this game is better played on harder difficulties. I played a game on normal difficulty, and I was steam rolling the AI from the start. Basically, I would be in the industrial era, and the AI would just be finishing the ancient era. The AI also likes to city spam a lot. The AI will build cities on islands that are only one tile. This is a great defense, but the city can not be taken without a navy. Also, sometimes the AI is just plain stupid. For instance, the AI will train large amounts of just one unit. Meaning that one civilization may have an army of cannons or archers, etc. The online multiplier is not the best the either. Before you buy just the base game, consider getting the complete version with the two expansion packs (Gods and Kings and Brave New Worlds) as these are almost staples of this area of the game. On a few instances you may find an online game that does not need the expansions, but they are far and few between. Also, large online multiplier games are a nightmare. Basically any game that has more than four players will lag so much that the game actually freezes. If you are looking to play a multiplier game with a large amount of people, play by LAN (Local area connection) or by hot seat. The culture that is produced in your cities now has a larger role in the game. Something new are social polices. Basically these help you in the game. To give an example of a few- "eight units are maintenance free", "the cost of buying buildings are reduced by 33 %", "Two free techs" (of your choice) Something that is very new to the game is tile maintenance. This means the economy of your empire is much more important now. For example, roads and railroads must be maintained with gold. Roads cost one gold per turn to maintain, while railroads cost two. For example, if you have two cities that are ten tiles apart, and you build a road, that one road is going to cost you ten gold to maintain. Yes, there is a social policy that does reduce this cost, but it can't be accessed until the middle of the game. Over all, Civilization V is a nice addition to the series. But something this game did not loose is the one more turn aspect that pulls you in. Make sure you can devout at least a day to it, as you will spend more time playing than you actually think you did.
game-hours: 100.5
review: te av te
game-hours: 121.9
review: Arrgghh... this game and sleep do not combine. Hellishly addictive !
game-hours: 85.5
review: This is a must have for any kind of strategy player. Hundreds of hours of potential game play. Easily a 10/10, a gem of a game.
game-hours: 55.8
review: Absolutely in love with the game, 50 hours in, another 10-ish playing hot seat with a friend (he wanted domination victory a.k.a. slaughter everyone, I wanted scientific victory a.k.a. send a shuttle and say hi to the aliens). The game is extremely diverse even if playing against AI and the difficulty levels are well balanced. the AI can be extremely annoying though as it will get offended by the smallest decision (like buying a tile with a luxury on it 5-6 tiles away from one of their cities). Multiplayer-wise, the combat system is a bit questianble as it relies on great amounts of speed and micro-management skills that would be good in a RTS and simply don't work well in a turn-based strategy game (unless you enable turn-by-turn combat as well). Units are balanced, nations are balanced (in terms of bonuses, special units, structures, etc.). Something that bothers me is the lack of some luxuries - no coffee, no tea, only 3 sea luxuries and they are VERY rare which somewhat limits coastal city focus if the player needs happiness from local luxuries (not trade). There is also a lack of neutral enemies - I remember in Civ 4 wild animals were as big of a threat as barbarians, but they seem to have been cut in this title. Finally, love the abundance of mods and the presence of mod support, there are some maps and even complete overhauls that people playing this NEED to check out (*cough* Game of Thrones, LoTR *cough*). Overall, an outstanding continuation of the series, love it.
game-hours: 338.6
review: If you want a strategy, buy this. If you don't, buy this.
game-hours: 176.6
review: Civilization V is a fun game to get lost in for an hour no better make that ten hours, I found myself consistently playing for long periods of time without even realising it. Its not the most realistic out there, but its still something you should all check out.
game-hours: 97.3
review: Very good time waster game. However can get old quick if you don't have anyone to play with regularly. Enjoyed that I could go in and learn a little a bit about each of the leaders and get a bit of learning while playing a strategy game.
game-hours: 60.1
review: IF YOU DONT WANT ME TO NUKE YOUR , YOU'R GOING TO HAVE TO OFFER MORE THAN 10 COINS A TURN
game-hours: 141.9
review: This game will take over your life.
game-hours: 104.4
review: I really like the new Civilization. Some people were critical because they simplified parts of the game and didn't 'add anything revolutionary'. I think they did a good job of streamlining it while keeping core gameplay elements the same.
game-hours: 205.3
review: Great turnbased strategy game! The game starts you out with 1 city and from that city you start building your empire. The game has 4 victory types Domination,Culture,Science and diplomatic May take 1-3 games to learn the basics, but the game itself is simple and does 100h of game time to be fun,but yet there is allways more to learn. The game offers much more to learn and understand and understaning everything may take a while. Good str game that i recommend! Multiplayer is a lot of fun with friends if you got the time! Games may take a while depending from the game lengt you deside, but if you pick this game up you should be ready to spend some time with it! Full game can literally take one day! The game has 2 major DLC and A LOT of minor DLC,mod tools and stuff if you are interested and don't wanna drop full 50(60$) on it+(DLC) i recommend watching out for sales on steam,GOG and other stores since the game pops out often in sales. (about 10 on sale+ another 15-20 for DLC, THE 2 MAJOR DLC,Improve and extend the game buy huge amounts!)
game-hours: 167.5
review: This has proven to be one of my absolute favourite games. It's difficult to put my finger on exactly what is so wonderful about Civ V, but I can say that it has the best replayablity value on anything I've ever played. Single player is smooth and refined, and every playable Civ is perfectly balanced. Every map offers a reasonable challenge, and there are multiple ways to win a game. For me, Civ V really gets fun in multiplayer with some friends. The multiplayer can be a little touch-and-go, but that was hugely improved in the last few patches. With Pitboss multipalyer being run from a stable connection, most of the problems associated with Civ V's multiplayer are circumvented. I cannot recommend this game highly enough. If you're waiting to be swayed, get this game. It offers hours upon hours of entertainment.
game-hours: 248.7
review: It's a Great Game.
game-hours: 1203.4
review: Civ V is a wonderful game, its art is beautiful (especially for the wonders), its music is unique for each civilization and is great for them all. (My favourite is Japan's.) Its DLC is definitely worth a buy as they both add great civs and features such as religion and espionage. For a great experience that never gets old, buy Civ V!!!
game-hours: 185.1
review: There is no reason why this game shouldn't be in EVERYONE's Library! This is possibly the most addiciting strategy game i've ever stumbled upon! TOTALLY WORTH PAYING FOR! It's that perfect blend of military strategy and simulation game. You'll be on here for god knows how long when you should be studying for that electronics exam (that's me) BUY IT!! WITH THE DLCs!
game-hours: 408.0
review: One of the most addicting games I've ever played. Massive in scale and depth, the game immerses you and makes you want just one more turn every time. Turn-based strategy and (optional) very long games prove a challenging and very fun element, if not for everyone, due to it's turn-based nature and depth. The ability to save and quit or just walk away and come back to the game at any time is a huge plus for me too.
game-hours: 125.4
review: 10/10 would buy again
game-hours: 58.4
review: Amazing, just amazing.
game-hours: 170.1
review: Friend got me this, and got me into this, and I like this! :) This is fun.
game-hours: 210.8
review: One of the best games i've ever played! Great replayability
game-hours: 76.6
review: Don't be turned off by the fact that this is a turn based game. That was a mistake I made allot of times but now I'll never make that same mistake again. I haven't played any of the predecessors so it might or not be the best in the series but as a newcomer to Civilization this game blew my mind! Most definitely a must have!
game-hours: 85.5
review: Great fun at some points and a tad dry in others. Best at sapping away at your day without you even noticing, especially since a standard match tends to last around 15-20 (or more) hours.
game-hours: 287.8
review: best game ever
game-hours: 185.2
review: The undisputed king of a genre few like.
game-hours: 149.3
review: A must PLAY game!
game-hours: 90.6
review: Amazing game.
game-hours: 659.2
review: Best turn-based strategy game ever!
game-hours: 325.3
review: 115 hours logged in this and still not slowing down. Ignore the haters still obsessed with 4.
game-hours: 1340.2
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V is a great game of the turn-based strategy Civilization series. Due to the new movement rules it's a little bit different from previous titles. You cannot stack all units anymore. Therefore it feels more like a game of chess. You really have to think about your moves. The bigger DLCs add a lot of new content and rules. They change the game to new level of complexity. Sometimes Civilization V suffers from bugs. But usually they will be fixed.
game-hours: 50.6
review: One more turn.
game-hours: 271.5
review: the best civ game' and the best strategy game
game-hours: 62.8
review: If risk or monoply wasn't friendship-destroying enough for you then this may just be the remedy. Do you have a lot of friends? Like more than John Carpenter before he forget what good movies look like? Subtract the universe from that list; that is how many friends you will have after just a few short (short: top kek) games of Civ 5. You probably be seething with rage from the laughter of your friends as they nuke your capital city, Timbucktits, while Ghandi is busy railing your mother without a banana. This game will probably push over the edge into a fit of interal rectal hemorraghing, (spelling is for girls). So, I suppose you could say that if you have no friends: then you will probably enjoy this fine title and spend less time fondeling your testicles to grasshat-made, cartoon women and thick-fur-coated, anthropomorphic mammals.
game-hours: 233.4
review: . A very engaging game.
game-hours: 74.5
review: great game !!!!!!
game-hours: 181.4
review: Very good. Recommend to buy all the expasion packs althought
game-hours: 13.6
review: Warning! Please read! This game will suck the life out of you. The concept called "taking a break" will not work for this game. See how many hours I have on it? Those are straight hours without any breaks. All night, no rest, just food. Be warned. This game is amazing, and highly fun, and extremely addictive. You can't just play this game for a bit. You can't even just play this game for a while. You can only play it till your spirit is worn out, when your eyes are bloodshot, and when every single part of your  is cramped up. And only then, after you have met the criteria, can you take a "break". This game is my jam. But I don't dare play it again, scared that I might die from complete exhaustion. Score: 9 1/2 dead sleepless bodies out of 10 dead sleepless bodies. I like Pangaea.
game-hours: 458.6
review: wasted so many hours. Worth it!
game-hours: 55.3
review: I finish building my stunning wonder, and look upon it with pride only equal to that with which I look upon my sprawling empire - I examine my thriving trade routes, chuckle with satisfaction at my quickly growing economy as I receive a new unit from my city-state allies and make a trade of incense with my good friend Napoleon... Suddenly however, my alliance with two city states end! Two spies have managed to coup an election and are now allies with none other than Napoleon! A huge group of cannons, knights, and foreign legions emerge from the darkness, Napoleon suddenly declares war and my second city is destroyed in a matter of minutes, the source of my growing economy crashes, my farms and mines burn under Napoleon's swords. Anything can happen in Civilization V, it is up to you to make an empire that will stand the test of time, and pay attention to every factor that can bring a flame of destruction upon what you worked so hard for; alliances, trades, allies, spies, and all the while the type of victory you choose - will you be superior to your lessers with cunning alliances, or simply dominate all the land with your enormous armies? Will you build a vast empire while letting your people starve, or concentrate on the happiness and well-being of your population? It's all up to you in this fantastic strategy game.
game-hours: 132.6
review: Civ V is one of those games that you want to play a little bit after dinner and then you realize its almost breakfast. With all the expansions, this game is so vast, so varied and with so much written into it you wouldnt even scratch the surface 100 hours of gameplay later. I highly recommend it for people that arent strategy fans too  playing in an lower difficulty still gives you an enjoyable experience from end to end.
game-hours: 43.0
review: think this series is one of the great simulation games especially civ v
game-hours: 370.9
review: Recommended
game-hours: 114.1
review: If you plan on getting this game, be warned, you will spend hours and hours of your time playing Civilization V. It is so addictive, and has HUGE replayability, with 5 different victory types, and over 20 different civilizations to play as. Definatly of my favorite games ever, 11 out of 10.
game-hours: 314.5
review: It's so not bad it's good.
game-hours: 84.5
review: The best game i've had in such a long time, woth the buy!!
game-hours: 695.3
review: This is the best game i've ever played. its simple to learn and easy to play. the gameplay is amazing and i can't recommend it enough. If you want a good strategy game here it is.
game-hours: 293.8
review: The pringles of gaming... don't start playing if you have any plans for the next 10 hours!
game-hours: 123.6
review: The ultimate strategy with a huge modding community in Steam Workshop, if thats your thing. Although military victories are ht major type of its kind, the customisation of scenarios and world types are very impressive. Leaders are also a great part of it, both historical and comical at the same time. One could describe it as a a chess game(due to hexagonal movements) with more then 2 players and 1000x the amount of complexity. Yet the game is still extremely accessible and , well for me, easy to understand. Despite this, I recommend to have some experience in strategy games, such as XCOM or Total War. But if not, there is no better time nor place to start then right here ,right now
game-hours: 106.1
review: Awesome game. Visually beautiful, strategically deep, historically informative, and leads to great stories. The day I bought this, I sat down to learn how to play it after hearing for years how great the Civilization series is. When I saved and exited, steam informed me I had 12 hours logged. I paid full price of $30 (1/21/14) and it's worth it so far and I suspect will continue to be.
game-hours: 44.6
review: The most realistic elementary school friendship simulator on Steam.
game-hours: 350.6
review: I LOVE IT! Simple to learn, but replayable. I haven't even gotten around to getting Brave New World because I am still enjoying the reular version, even though it is highly rated. This is like Risk meets some tycoon game meets, uhh ehh... SOMETHING COMPLETELY EPIC! I am not exagerating. The only problem is that BNW is so higly liked that it can be difficult on occasion to find a multiplayer game.
game-hours: 208.0
review: One of the greatest games of all time
game-hours: 36.3
review: you know the game, buy it now lol
game-hours: 333.0
review: i got to kill all my friends. 5 star
game-hours: 1232.4
review: Estticamente cuidado, muy divertido y adictivo; uno de los pocos juegos de estrategia basado en turnos que hoy podemos encontrar.
game-hours: 50.4
review: "The first strategy game that I've enjoyed" -Hanwen Co. 2013
game-hours: 30.8
review: This is pretty much the only 4X game I can truly get in to. I have never played a more immersive and rewarding strategy/simulation game before this. Only one quibble, though. WHY DO BARBARIAN TRIBES STILL SPAWN IN THE 1800'S AND UP?!
game-hours: 66.9
review: this game sucks! dont buy it!
game-hours: 82.2
review: Amazing Strategy game! You can easily sink tons of time on each match and each of the expansions adds a great amount of content. Buy this.
game-hours: 63.6
review: A wonderful game.
game-hours: 6166.3
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V is such a complex game, in so many ways, that it's difficult to know where to start a review. My friends and I semi-jokingly call it "One of the greatest games that was almost made." We also call it "The grimy, cheating game." It is one of my all-time favorite games, yet it is also a frustrating and aggravating mess that has me cursing the developers, every time I play. Let me begin with the good. It is an amazing, detailed, complex, world-building strategy game--one of the best ever made. You begin with a nation, and you strive to increase the power of your nation while other nations do the same. To accomplish this, there are many complex variables to make the game interesting. You can choose from a variety of different maps (and map sizes) and several different nations (each with its own unique advantages). You can be quiet and peaceful, ot you can take it to the battlefield to conquer your rivals. You can increase the level of your technology, strive to develop a rich cultural heritage, and/or become a peaceful diplomatic state and gain power from your allies. The vitually endless possibilities are one of the game's greatest strengths. The graphics and animation are very good. Battles have archers hurling volleys of arrows, swordsmen clashing with one another, submaries sending torpedos at enemy ships, and even nuclear ballistic missiles that devastate your enemies in a fiery mushroom cloud of death. The game mechanics are fairly easy to use, though they take some getting used to. There are many good mods for the game, as well as much extra DownLoadable Content, providing far more variety in your gameplay. Now, the bad. And there is a LOT of bad. My biggest complaint is that the game cheats, in many different ways. The AI combat units are more powerful and versatile than yours (i.e., enemy archers can sometimes attack your units over hills, while your archers cannot), and the game falsely indicates that your units are more powerful than they really are. The AI civs can do things yours cannot. And all of that makes the game unnecessarily aggravating. From the start, the game has had many bugs. And many should have been easily discovered during even basic playtesting, which means that either the devs didn't properly playtest the game, or they knew about the bugs and released it anyway. The devs continue to provide support for the game, fixing problems, yet for each problem they fix, they seem to create another. (For example, one "fix" caused you to often have to re-assign civilian workers, each turn, which is EXTREMELY annoying, and they promised to fix it but never did so.) And yet, the devs keep developing and releasing more DLC for you to purchase. For that reason alone, I cannot highly recommend the game, because I don't condone supporting a company that treats its customers that way. The game also requires quite a bit of computing and graphics power--in my opinion, far more than the "minimum recommendations" for playing the game. Without a suitable computer, you'll have to deal with very slow gameplay and possible crashes. The AI in the game is also bad. Very bad. EXTREMELY bad. Yes, there are limitations to what a game can do, but even that is no justification. AI strategies can be very stupid (such as nations that just keep building military units, even though they don't have the money to support them, which only forces the units to be disbanded, anyway). Much of the the diplomacy is just awful and doesn't even make sense. And the AI combat is just plain dumb. ("Our city is under attack! Quick! move our artillery out in the open, send our best strategic general to the front lines, send our navy out to see the world, and tell all of our units to go swimming!") All of that leads to one frustrating disappointment after another. There are also several quirks with the game mechanics. From the start, the wayfinding has just been a complete failure. You might order a unit to move to another section of the map, and it's supposed to calculate the quickest route. Yet, it will often send your unit far out of the way, for no logical reason, causing it to take twice as long as necessary to arrive. This can sometimes ruin your entire strategy, so you often need to manurally direct your units, each turn, which is a time-wasting drain on your fun. Another frustrating aspect of the game is how much of depends on pure luck. You might begin playing in a desert wasteland, with few rsesources, and for no explained reason, every other civ wants to destroy you. Or you might begin far from the other civs, with plenty of food and resources and room to expend your empire, and all of the other civs are happy to trade with you and won't attack you. While, in a way, this can add variety and challenge, I find it to be more annoying and unfair. There are varying difficulty levels in the game, but rather than the AI simply playing better, at higher levels, the AI just receives many advantages. At the highest levels, it's like being an expert racecar driver in a NASCAR race. Every other person in the race is a mediocre driver, but they all have racecars, while you're driving a stock Toyota Camry. Yes, it's still possible for you to win, and if you DO win, you feel a sense of accomplishment. But I find it just frustrating, slogging around the track in my Camry, while the other cars whiz by me, all the while hoping they cause a major accident so I can win. There is a multiplayer aspect to the game, but it's very buggy, and I can't see any enjoyment in it, unless you're playing with a good friend. Most likely, due to the randomness of the game, one player will be far ahead of the other player(s), and the outcome of the game is already decided, far before it's even finished. With so much good and bad about the game, do I really recommend it? I'll let you answer that for yourself. Let's say you have the opportunity to buy a really fancy sports car that can be really fun to drive. But it has a lot of quirks, like sometimes the air conditioning doesn't work or you hear some unexplained rattle. And every time you take it back to the dealer, they might fix one problem, but they might create another--and in the meantime, they'll try to convince you to buy a new radio or spoiler for your car. Would you still buy the car? Would you deal with all of the frustrating quirks and poor service, for the fun you can have driving a fancy sports car? Because that's Civilization 5--something with the potential to be a lot of fun, but with so many quirks that it can also be extremely aggravating.
game-hours: 101.2
review: When Civ5 first came out a lot of Civ fans cried foul and stayed with 4. With the first expansion though, there's no reason to. The interface is better, it's visually appealing, got pretty much all the same features 4 had and it's easier to jump into while still being just as complex if you want it to be. If you've been holding out on Civ5 because you liked the older ones too much, hold out no more. A great game whether you're a fan of the series of just love strategy games in general. Even if you don't, this is a great place to start.
game-hours: 53.0
review: one of the best
game-hours: 50.9
review: Civilization takes quite a departure in it's fifth installment from its usual design. Luckily this works out for the better. The improvements to UI and strategic depth have made Civ V the best Civ yet. No more "Stacks of Doom" and pretty much everything else has been streamlined while retatining the originals strategic depth. I mean, duh come on, it's a civilization game. You know you want it.
game-hours: 70.9
review: I have been really enjoying this Civ game.
game-hours: 97.3
review: great game really wishing for a civilization 6
game-hours: 97.0
review: Sid Meier does it again with Civlization V, all of the Realist styled game play you ever wanted to simulate during the cold war. This time with deeper running, espionage, tech tree, religion, and hex combat!
game-hours: 69.2
review: The best game. Who wants to play multiplayer? ;)
game-hours: 631.8
review: Very good game. it's fun
game-hours: 35.5
review: It's like chess but without the easy.
game-hours: 80.3
review: in' Ghandi.
game-hours: 53.9
review: Amazing turn based strategy game. Endless fun especially with a friend.
game-hours: 648.7
review: This game is absolutelty fantastic, and has a HUGE replay value.
game-hours: 49.5
review: One of the most fantastic game's I've ever played. If you like strategy games and have a lot of patience i highly recommend.
game-hours: 487.1
review: This is recommended! Even better than prtal 2. You are capable of building a great country, and your goal: VICTORY. I like the gameplay, graphics, and themes for empires. You should get DLC. (Denmark,Korea,Polynesia, G+K, BNW)
game-hours: 28.6
review: 10/10 this game is so cool. i would get it if it was on sale or not it is so good
game-hours: 194.8
review: Tons of fun, If you have any thoughts on if you should get it or not, get it. It will engulf those meaningless hours that you used to use for doing productive things. Great game all in alll, I would recommend purchasing the gold edition. 9/10
game-hours: 362.0
review: WARNING! This game may not look it at first but once you try a game and figure out what's going on, you WILL lose track of time and end up addicted, I can see my hours for this far outpacing the comparatively pitiful amount of time I spent playing WoW
game-hours: 229.8
review: The very first game I got, and probably the best.
game-hours: 193.5
review: God damn addicting!
game-hours: 762.0
review: Absolutely the best turn-based strategy ever, in my opinion superior to earlier parts... AI in battles could get some tuning, though. I reccomend this game for everyone.
game-hours: 268.6
review: By far the one of the best games i've played this generation, Civ 5 creates an amayzing turn based tactical system that gives the player complete contol over a civilization of their choice. while most Civilizations play relativly the same i found that playing as the american civilization i was better able to keep track of all my cities (as i am american). the most negative thing i can say about the game is that the AI seemes overly aggressive opting almost always to attack the player in full scale war rather than negotiated peace. i found my self all to often with no interest in attacking my neighboring civilizations, than suddendly they declare war on me for no real decinerble reason. if you like turn based stratagy games than pick this game up as fast as you possibly can.
game-hours: 436.6
review: AAA
game-hours: 75.7
review: This game is a life-stealing time-sink. I come back to this game again and again. It is very satisfying to win.
game-hours: 130.4
review: Verry fun game. Looks great,sounds good,music is award winning.
game-hours: 252.0
review: 56.8/57.2
game-hours: 241.8
review: pre cool
game-hours: 27.9
review: Another classic.
game-hours: 351.4
review: Extremely addicting.
game-hours: 2679.0
review: I've been playing Civilization since it first came out and every version has been better. But Civ5 and Gods and Kings/Brave New World has been even better. Love it!
game-hours: 164.2
review: New to the Civ world, and also the realm of Real Time Strategy games but, I have thoroughly enjoyed the past few sleepless nights dedicated to building empires and watching others fall. One of the best games I've played in a while. Looking forward to countless more hours of gameplay, the possibilities are endless with this game.
game-hours: 66.8
review: Amazing game! My favorite turn based strategy game of all time.
game-hours: 399.8
review: Simply brilliant!
game-hours: 57.3
review: A very nice game :3
game-hours: 3.9
review: Excellent development over Civ IV. Missing quite a number of factions though. Atleast there are so many mods to choose from :)
game-hours: 700.9
review: undoubtedly the best game, I have ever played.
game-hours: 12.5
review: It is good, fun, exciting, and competitive, I would recommend anyday.
game-hours: 64.9
review: I can barely turn off CIV before I finish the Scneario
game-hours: 36.6
review: hours of fun for all the family ;)
game-hours: 137.1
review: ... It looks boring but I can't stop playing. Seriously, this is the most addictive game I've ever played
game-hours: 103.5
review: Ruined my life, 5 stars
game-hours: 149.1
review: My life, my ability to eat, my exposure to sunlight. All gone, without regret. Every match takes 8 hours. Might want to use a higher game speed...
game-hours: 108.2
review: If you like history. This game is for you...
game-hours: 1292.5
review: Great Highly addictive game. You will spend many of nights just doing "one more turn" before bed. I highly reccomend this game, purchase the gold edition for a good bargain because Gods and Kings brings a lot more to the table as well as getting several scenario and civilization packs with the Gold Edition.
game-hours: 51.1
review: One of the best games ever, enoough said. (With Brave New World)
game-hours: 12.1
review: good game, reccommand to anyone that likes Civ.
game-hours: 226.2
review: i love the game get it get it now!!
game-hours: 373.8
review: This game is amazing as a stand alone but the DLCs add to the experience, sadly the downloadable content is the same price if not slightly more than the game itself for very little added. Personaly if you ask me we shouldnt have to pay the same price for the DLCs that we did the game but hey there enjoyable n if you play Civalisation V enough they do pay for themselves in playability. So overall the game is great and the DLCs add tones of new units and policies and completly change the way you play, its the perfect game for those who want to build a lasting empire and fend off against power hungry enemys as well as develop a relgus background threw gods and kings DLC to maneging trade routs and protecting them on brave new worlds. No matter your play style you will be challenged
game-hours: 228.9
review: Awesome game, worth every penny.
game-hours: 117.2
review: Wow this game is truly astounding! As a gamer I like variety of games but, I have never been a true fan of turn-based strategy games. I decided to give it a try and now this is all I have played for the past 2 weeks. This game challenges your mind, you can research technology from increasing your military power, scientific knowledge, economics and more. It leaves you wondering should I focus on military incase of attack or focus on economics to expand my empire? It really can kick your  should you choose wrong. Overal I give it a 10/10. GET IT
game-hours: 259.5
review: Well it sucks without the two expansions. But with the two new expansions its one of the best games ever!
game-hours: 194.9
review: You can build stuff. Also, it's got WHALES.
game-hours: 287.8
review: prepare for addiction
game-hours: 106.9
review: Fun as eating bacon
game-hours: 580.4
review: I find the Civ games totally addictive. Love the strategy and managing the cities.
game-hours: 159.6
review: Really Nice game.
game-hours: 48.8
review: With Brave New World and Gods and Kings, Civ V is outstanding. Montezuma is still a giant, war mongering  head though.
game-hours: 104.2
review: Anyone who likes turnbase action packed build like games you should get this one! I rate 9/10!!!
game-hours: 115.9
review: Oh my God, I can't recommend this game enough! Whether you like strategies in general or not, Civ 5 is extremely easy to learn and addictively fun as hell. You shall not regret the purchase!
game-hours: 60.6
review: addictive. too addictive.... just one more turn
game-hours: 122.1
review: It is good autism treament for my autism with autistic autists.
game-hours: 1115.2
review: Lots of fun.
game-hours: 92.9
review: Always kill DP first. Those are the only rules.
game-hours: 255.2
review: The intro animation was breathtakingly beautiful. So much so, that I still let it run completely before I start to play the video game itself. Not just the animation, but the music and voices! Astounding! Okay, now about the game. I LOVE IT!!!!! Needless to say, I've spent hours playing it. I haven't done this in ages. It's just...mesmerizing, gripping and just plain FUN! This isn't the first Sid Meier game I've played. The first one was for the Atari ST platform, way back in the late '80's, a WWII submarine sim. I highly recommend this game. I hope there is a part VI.
game-hours: 393.6
review: Really easy to get into and really hard to get out
game-hours: 154.1
review: Turn based strategy game where you gather resources, build, research, and conquer, I've been a fan of the Civilization series since Civ I. Civilization V is fun, playable, and has better graphics than Civ IV, howver, I enjoy the actual gameplay of CIv IV more. I don't recommend this, or any other turn based game, for playing with other human players as the turn based nature can make it painfully slow.
game-hours: 483.4
review: Seriously amazing game; improves on the series in every way. One unit per turn is a hot topic, but IMHO makes the game less tedious. Strategy must-have; this is the current 4x benchmark.
game-hours: 331.4
review: This is the game Starcraft 2 could've been if it was made properly.
game-hours: 395.7
review: The game series that did more to define the genre it inhabits more than any other. Complete with balanced gameplay and slick visuals.
game-hours: 90.8
review: Honestly, I enjoy this a lot more than some people have said. It makes things really different from Civ IV, but it is definitely worth a play.
game-hours: 228.1
review: 6/6
game-hours: 82.7
review: A very addicting game. :D
game-hours: 74.6
review: you too, Montezuma! Does our friendship mean NOTHING?!
game-hours: 283.5
review: This game is not a huge improvement from the previous games, but it's still a great game and here's why.It Adds Social Policies which can improve or ruin parts of your empire on how it works and buying tiles to expand your cities to help your city get new resources to help it grow or to help feed and create your army. It still has the traditional feeling that makes you wanting to keep playing it for days no matter how repetitive it might feel it'll always bring you back in and make you have new experinces. The thing I kind of wish they didn't get rid of is were each faction had more then one leader you can choose from which each had different type of skills. Everything about the game is just fine, the dimplomacy might be annoying, but it'll be fine later on and you'll just get use to it. Getting the Gold edition will be a better deal to get though because it comes with a good amount of dlc and the Gods and Kings, or if you can't afford it upgrade it to that when you have the chance. (Correct my grammar)
game-hours: 38.4
review: Wanna have a strategic ? There you go! Civilization V probably the best multiplayer-based strategic videogame we have on the market. A bit rough to start, but smooth as ice when it comes to dropping nukes on your enemies or pillaging enemy's trade routes. You will find yourself using ultimate strategies in a few days. The game isn't as close to reality as it seems on the first look. For example, how do you research archery into the wheel? Still, it is a great world-simulation to play with your friends. You should stay on your friends' side, when it comes to 10-player multiplayer game and then backstab them with no harm. As far as I've seen, the DLC-s are also worth getting. The price is a bit high, but when you already have a Scouting Badge, you probably should get one.
game-hours: 23.0
review: Sid Meier's Civilization V is the fifth installment in the famous series started by Sid Meier back in 1991. The series has always been received very well throught the years and has now reached it's fifth installment which brings alot of changes. The introduction of the 1 Unit per tile and the new Social System have added some new diversity to the series bringing it to a whole new level of Startegy. And with Gods and Kings it comes the reintroduction of religion a mechanic brought into the series in Civilization IV adding even more diversity to the game. Brave New World is set to bring also new features. So take advantage of the current Summer Sales and buy the game especially if you can get the Gold Edition.
game-hours: 1790.9
review: It is very apparent the depth and replayability this game has. So instead I recommend you expand your multiplayer experience by trying out GMR. Giant Multiplayer Robot takes the hotseat portion of the game and makes it something you can do everyday. I wake every morning and play about 10 1-2 minute rounds against players everywhere. It has added so much value to a game that has already paid for itself 1000X over. Check it out.
game-hours: 8.7
review: I cannot legitimately review this because I have yet to finish a single game of this.
game-hours: 3256.8
review: Civilization V is by far my favorite game. I highly recommend it.
game-hours: 71.3
review: Awesome game, highly recommended
game-hours: 718.8
review: If you love strategy games, ths IS the game, is fun, worth every dollar. :)
game-hours: 169.0
review: A perfect game of strategy, a relaxed game... Good strategy and very funny.
game-hours: 206.6
review: Game is garbage without both expansion packs. Absolutely amazing with them. Don't bother with the DLC civilizations, you're not missing out and it's not worth the money. Multiplayer is too buggy to play.
game-hours: 33.7
review: I always loved playing the Civ games, but i hadnt done it for years. A few years back i bought Civ for the Xbox 360 and i knew again why i loved the game so much. So when i saw a Civ5 offer on Steam i had to buy it. This game is really good.
game-hours: 107.9
review: This game is ing magical.
game-hours: 54.5
review: Great fun game to play with mates or solo. hours and hours of fun.
game-hours: 236.1
review: This is pretty much the best game ever!
game-hours: 1460.4
review: One More Turn (repeat till 2 AM)
game-hours: 195.3
review: HEXDLCCiv4
game-hours: 122.9
review: Hot
game-hours: 208.9
review: Amazing strategy game. Can't describe how much fun you can have and how well thought the game is all around.
game-hours: 981.9
review: MP: 4/10, released unfinished. Broken multiplayer implementation. SP: 7/10, good game. Interesting take on old CIV franchise. Focus is on quality of cities, not on their numbers. How old tactics like smallpoxing works now depends on civilization you chose to play as each one has it's own special traits. Compared to CIV I&II and freeciv-games producing military units is handled better as they won't tax city production. Added culture and religion systems makes also small empires viable to win the game. Interface geared towards casual gamers has some irritating traits. I purchased this for multiplayer games and technically MP is not working very well. Players might get disconnected, can't join the game and randomly some saved game just won't load at all (previous autosave usually works). Also game is lacking lots of features which are implemented in _free_ freeciv like auto-go/attack and that makes MP games fast clicking fest. You might want to pick this title for SP games from discount sales.
game-hours: 156.9
review: Just one more turn. "What do yo mean it's been 3 days since I sat down to play?"
game-hours: 23.1
review: Exceptionally well designed gameplay, one of the most beautiful soundtracks ever composed and all that multiplayer supported. You like strategic board games and complex econemy systems? Then this game is a must buy for you!
game-hours: 139.4
review: Noce bi on
game-hours: 119.8
review: While I still prefer some aspects of Civilization IV (culture, religion), the game play and combat mechanics improvements (stacking, etc.) made in Civilization V make it hard to go back.
game-hours: 461.0
review: This is good...but only really addicting with all the expansion packs.
game-hours: 366.3
review: By far one of the best Strategy games I've ever played. If you like to macro manage on a national scale and build up an empire to crush your enemies this is your game. Although, if you are not normally interested in Strategy based games this is not the game for you. The gameplay is turn-based but the pace of the game hides this fact, this is a good thing. Many people I've talked to share the same experience, you decide you want to play a quick game one night for just an hour or so and you end up looking at the clock and it is 2 A.M. Some people dont think this is true, but it is. This game will chomp up your time for a couple of days after purchase. But maaaaaaaan will you enjoy it. If you decide to buy this awesome game have fun.
game-hours: 327.9
review: ing love this game
game-hours: 85.5
review: As a guy who sucks at Strategy games, i was surprised to see me wasting 60+ hours (and counting) on this! Try it. Even if you're not into the Strategy category. Just... One... More... Turn!
game-hours: 126.7
review: DO YOU LIKE CIVILIZATIONS?! DO YOU LIKE WARFARE?! DO YOU LIKE FIRING NUKES WITHOUT REPERCUSSIONS?! If you answered yes to any of the above, read on. If not... Read on anyway. I might be able to persuade you. Civilization V is nothing like the previous incarnations of the series. Except for the overall gameplay, most of the features have changed. Leaders have been done away with, and all nations have only one leader. Religion has been greatly expanded upon with the Gods & Kings expansion, and there's a new World Congress feature to replace the UN in Brave New World. That being said, while this is a great game by itself, the unpatched version without the DLC and expansionpacks is inferior to Civilization IV in terms of content. If you're planning to pick this up, get it with the DLC or at the very least the expansions. It should give you, at the veyr least, a few hours of amusement.
game-hours: 23.4
review: The most refined and elegant Civilization yet. A must have!
game-hours: 180.2
review: The same Civ you know and love, but more tactical thanks to the new "no stack of doom" combat system. Make sure to pick up both Gods & Kings and Brave New World for the full experience.
game-hours: 192.1
review: So much fun in a single game :-D i love this game !!!
game-hours: 46.9
review: Greatest Strategy game off all time! Sid Meier's Civilization V is just an unbelievable creation, it contains millions of elements, you can win the game with up to 5 different ways, war-path is not necessary, you can complete and win the whole match without being war with anyone!
game-hours: 144.6
review: Great Game the game just keeps moving on and you got to try to be ahead
game-hours: 100.2
review: Sid Meier was obviously one of mankind's greatest inventors of all times. In the early 1700's, he came up with an invention that would revolutionize the transportation industry for ages to come. Yes, that's right kids, I am talking about the train. Sid Meier, thus, could be considered to be the father of modern civilization. This is why in the year 2013, Firaxis studios decided to honor his name in the strategy game Sid Meier's Civilization V. The early game is extremely weak, and as a matter of fact, trains are not acquired until the industrial revolution is achieved, however, this should not discourage the average player from rushing railways. Railways are worth every single gold coin spent on them. Trains may be considered inbalanced for many Civilization V players, however, they are available to every civilization and are a decisive factor in every single game. If you like trains, and you like sodomizing Rome, look no further, Civilization V is right up your alley.
game-hours: 105.0
review: One of, if not the, best Civ games to come out. The updated combat system make the game more interesting. Also the DLC is well worth it. Just make sure you don't have anything that needs to be done in the near future once you make the plunge! ...one more turn...
game-hours: 433.0
review: At first i was a bit alienated after playing the 4th game for so long, but after a time it grew on me and with the Gods and Kings expansion it ended up being definitly the best game in the serie so far.
game-hours: 229.8
review: Great Civ Game
game-hours: 469.8
review: Quite good game.
game-hours: 28.3
review: Simply awesome. Must. Buy.
game-hours: 137.7
review: Get this game now! You will play it for hours. Just trust me.
game-hours: 58.0
review: This game wil suck you in and never let you leave.
game-hours: 834.4
review: !!!
game-hours: 177.3
review: Just...one...more....turn...
game-hours: 521.1
review: I should write a recommendation for this game... but... one more turn couldn't hurt, right?
game-hours: 340.2
review: A great game
game-hours: 159.7
review: I don't know much about the civilization series as a whole but I have played civilization revolution (I know some don't consider it apart of the series) on the Xbox 360 and the game stays true to what it is all about, that one more turn addiction, and single matches that can go on for weeks to months. I highly recommend this game to fans of strategy with the new hexes instead of the usual average tiles and the elimination of stacking units. To fans of the series you probably already bought it and to those who arent particularly a fan of strategy still try the demo Im sure you'll find something good on it that will keep you hooked.
game-hours: 214.4
review: This is by far the best game I picked up during the summer sale. I didn't think I would enjoy it very much, but it's been a blast. Even though the majority of the gameplay is clicking text boxes and moving along a map--it's strangely engrossing and extremely compelling. If you enjoy turn based games this game will likely entertain you for hundreds of hours. Put history in a blender, hit puree, and see what comes out.
game-hours: 370.9
review: ing awesome!
game-hours: 366.3
review: This is a great TBS and is very addictive, a must have for strat fans!
game-hours: 240.1
review: Fantastic.
game-hours: 87.2
review: One of the greatest games ever!
game-hours: 142.5
review: This is THE most addictive game know to humanity and I can't stop playing. It's like turn based grand strategy for dummies. It's really easy to learn, there's an infinite amount of replayability, it has brilliant multiplayer so as this game is easy to learn and the interface makes the gameplay and management fast you can just tell any one of your friends to buy this game and play it with you. I'd also like to point out that as I said this is turn based but there's a magnificent option which allows you to have hybrid turns which means that you play your turns simultaineously unless you're at war with an another player, in that case the other players still take turns at the same time. 10/10 buy immediately.
game-hours: 13.1
review: JUST....ONE....MORE.....TURN.
game-hours: 432.1
review: A good strategy game unfortunatley kinda falls short to its predecessor without the Brave New World expansion but with it, its much better.
game-hours: 239.3
review: I'm not going to review this game because basically everyone I know has it. I'm still debating whether or not it's better than Civ 4. After giving it some thorough playthroughs, I'm giving the edge to Civ V, with its sharper graphics, cities that don't get roflstomped by one guy, non do-or-die combat, more interesting civics, more interesting leader powers. I miss Leonard Nimoy and the built-in World Builder option though, as well as some of the classical songs. :(
game-hours: 1442.9
review: I've been playing this game for a long time now and I have to say after the recent BNW expansion it is the best CIV in the series. Late game can become slow (turn times) due to all the extra units (caravans and trade ships). Replayablity is as high as it comes. MOD community is alive and active. I would recommend this game to anyone that's a fan of strategy
game-hours: 49.0
review: molto bello e molte civilt 9/10
game-hours: 32.4
review: "What you have here is the cleanest, best looking, smoothest playing, most tactically enjoyable version of the deepest and most addictive strategy game of all time." -CVG Magazine. +1
game-hours: 374.3
review: I would Highly reccomend this game to any intellgient hardcore gamer. It opened a world of strategy games to me, and i am so grateful for that. Before this game i had never played rts or tbs gmaes, and this was accessible enough for me to undertsnad it, but complex enough to challenge me. And whiile it is not overwhelming, the better you get the more complex you can make the game so it doesnt get boring with exerience, this is a genius' masterstroke of game making. I can say with complete confidence that this is by far the best turn based strategy game of all time, and it is in my top 5 strategy games, wich is impressive because every other strategy game in my top 10 is rts.
game-hours: 84.3
review: Gets a bad rep, though not always unwarranted. That said, the latest expansion makes it significantly more playable, and I can't go back to stacks of doom.
game-hours: 59.0
review: Needs all the DLC/extension to be really good. Kinda disapointed by that. Great game overrall
game-hours: 1010.4
review: the best
game-hours: 177.5
review: This is the utimate turn-based stategy around, it does have slight problems though,as sometimes the A.I can go on the fritz during a invasion of your country but worth every penny. P.S Its' DLCs are worth picking up as G&K and BNW improve the experience by vast amounts.
game-hours: 161.1
review: Civilization 5 is an amazing game full of surprises and alot of fun when playing with friends! But beware though as you can easily lose your friends aswell. Play smart, play innovative play Civilization 5!!!
game-hours: 253.5
review: If you like strategy this game is a realy good one plus you can get lots of mods for free that are fun to play if you ever get bored of the normal game But if you want the game to be amazing you have to get G&K and A Brave New World!!! Totaly worth it if you like strategy games.
game-hours: 216.1
review: 120.2 hrs on record oh look at that ...........................................................
game-hours: 13.3
review: 4X game is the type of game that don't need a review, if you enjoy creating a new country with a lot of wonders, or better technology, or just want to go on war with the country you just hate, take this game...
game-hours: 87.7
review: Its a great game. If you like history you will love this game. Conquere the world, be a deplomat, nuke gandi, build the pyrimids, and descover philosophy and found a religion. Awsome game. Totaly worth it.
game-hours: 100.5
review: Brilliant! This game is one of the best games I have ever played, and certainly the best strategy game! If you can, I reccomend getting the Brave New World dlc, as it helps create the true spirit of Civ, and should not be ignored!
game-hours: 90.3
review: There are two kinds of players that love strategy games; the ones that love Civilization and the ones that have not played it yet.
game-hours: 6705.1
review: A good game.
game-hours: 80.7
review: plz don't attack me i'm going for diplomatic victory
game-hours: 31.3
review: Very great game! Too bad I'm too stupid to know how to play xD
game-hours: 627.6
review: great game easy to pick up and play **WARNING** will consume your life
game-hours: 220.6
review: Out of the many, many games I have bought on Steam, some I have regretted, many I have enjoyed, and a few I have loved. This is the only game I keep back to again and again. Particularly with the expansions, this is a tightly put-together piece. The resources are beautifully complementary, the technology exciting and balanced, the military combat gets seriously interesting thanks to the removal of 'stacking'. Simply put, this game has the best gameplay I have ever encountered. Every turn there is a new, exciting development to pay attention to - maybe Vincent Van Gogh gets born in your capital, maybe Genghis Khan declares war on you, maybe you discover Astronomy - and maybe ALL those things at once. You are constantly amazed at how ORGANIC it all feels, as cultures grow and thrive, or shrivel away into nothingness as their neighbors consume them. Every playthrough is completely different, and that's a guarantee!
game-hours: 130.3
review: Just one more turn I promise just one more and I am done. Honestly.
game-hours: 108.4
review: If you like turn-based strategy as well as playing a historical figure in a unreasonable timeframe, this game is for you. But who am i to tell you this. You probably already have the game. It's very good.
game-hours: 354.3
review: This game can be great fun when you are bored. This game can be great when playing with friends or even with strangers. the core game with-out any DLC/expansions is a lot of fun as well. the core game is very good for starting out as it is much simpilar then the other DLCs. I would sugest playing with the AI before playing online as online can be frustrating whether its someone going full on domination or taking all your wonders and resources. Along with this the online could of been better made as its filled with people leaving or just lagging out because its hosted on others internets other then custom servers. Now for DLC, it adds a bunch more to the game making it more difficult and fun. with God's and King's one of the main features is faith. With this you can at first found a panthion which gives you a little early bonus in which your population can belive in giving you more bouses depending on your panthion. Next you can found your own religion and get even more little bonus that can go a long way. But watch out because your city could be inffulenced by another religion from another civilization or vis versa. Lastly the Brave New World expansion add's a bunch more civilizations and parts of the game. It completely changes the way trading works with actual trading physics. You can send a caravan to other city's and earn you gold. this can be very helpful so you don't increase your debt. This can also be the death of you because this expansion add's the world congress which can bring in desisions other civ's have to vote on in order for it to pass. Over all i recomend this game to anyone. its great fun when you have some down time or want to play a nice board like game.
game-hours: 106.2
review: A perfect time waster with a nice presentation. Possibly the most welcoming game in the franchise. It's recommended that you also get the 2 expansions. Beware! It's addicting as balls.
game-hours: 49.4
review: I like this game
game-hours: 82.6
review: Sid Meiers Civilization V: 9.0 / 10.0 Pros: -The hexagonal tiles are amazing! -Only one unit is allowed per tile. This eliminates clutter. -No more stacking units into armies. This was time consuming and tedious (IMO). -The combat is better for the most part. The only real negative is that units do the same amount of damage regardless of how many of their individuals soldiers are alive. -For the most part, upgraded archers can no longer shoot planes out of the sky, and swordsmen can no longer decimate tanks. -An abundance of unique civilizations to choose from. -The research tree is awesome. -City states are a great addition to the series. -Cities are no longer easy to conquer. When fighting Rome, I had to use two nuclear warheads, 5 upgraded bombers, and a unit of tanks to take it down. CONS are in the comment section.
game-hours: 161.0
review: THIS GAME IS AWESOME
game-hours: 144.5
review: 50 Hours into your latest save, all is going well. Only 3 leaders left Gandhi, Caesar and Washington. you draft an 'end game' plan in your mind, you will make friends with Gandhi (for obvious reasons he's chill) then procede to befriend Caesar. Then you will take out Washington because he is a  and did not accept an open border agreement 3000 years prior HE MUST PAY. 20 turns later all is going to plan, we are now on Washingtons doorstep, Gandhi and Caesar appear to love and probably fear your superpower nation. All we need to do is eliminate the pesky Americans and ith all our military now on American soil this should not take long. Then after the swift invasion of America we will make a vote for world peace at the U.N (in rome of course) with our new found Indian and Roman brethren it is a sure win! But all of a sudden the distant droning of nuclear sirens start, quickly they become louder and louder, "what is this!?" you think to yourself, a false alarm? You shrug it off maybe Caesae bombing a city state. The game pauses... Gandhi appears on the screen, with a sinister grin he shouts "WAR" in your face. Only seconds after you see a gut wrenching sight. The camera focuses on a nuclear submarine stationed just off the coast of your pride and joy, the capital of your glorious nation. You then hear a rumble, just seconds after a nuclear warhead emerges from the previously hidden submarine, you realise it is too late... you can only watch as the missle closes in. As your city goes up in a giant cloud there are short lived screams from your beloved people, then silence. Before what had just occurred had sunk in, before you could make rescue efforts to save your much loved citizens the humming of quiet engines fall upon your ears. Suddenly countless 'stealth bombers' appear seemingly out of no where, soon the sky is blackened by planes, the game falls almost silent only the whistle of falling bombs remains. You faint from the shock of what is unfolding. You awake shortly after, Gandhi is still flattening what remains of your once prosperous empire, now with 'giant death robots' making the most of his seemingly never ending turn. As Gandhi clinically and relentlessly razes what's left of your broken nation all you can do is weep, your people hacked down in their prime and your glorious nation so mighty just minutes before has just been been all but eliminated in 1 turn. Why oh why did you turn of autosave? did it really speed your game up? was it worth it? Ghandi is a complete , he acts like your friend but WILL nuke the  out of you if even the slightest oppurtunity presents itself. 10/10
game-hours: 2601.2
review: I only played a little but it was fun.
game-hours: 316.9
review: It's like crack. You keep telling yourself 'just one more turn'. but then you realize you've been sitting in your underwear for for 36 hours and you've forgotten to check on your wife who gave birth to your baby last night.
game-hours: 3979.9
review: Made me obsessed, destroyed my social life, gave me and irrational fear of Gandhi. and made me invest countless hours into destroying civilizations. 12/10 potatoes
game-hours: 126.6
review: -playing as the US -explores and finds siam -befriends siam -finds greece -greece is a  and invades -gets in a war with greece -takes 2 greek cities and returnes the rest -greece is happy -sails to new lands and finds all other nations -befirends russia and china -gets in a foolish war with siam not knowing that every nation exept china and russia is friends with siam -feels sad because everyone hates me -makes peace with siam because im feeling guilty for being a warmonger -people start being nice to me -feels happy, only germany and arabia are guarded, everyone else is friendly -china asked me to declaire war on arabia even though he has done nothing to me -I decline because Ive decided to be an example to the civilized world -china declares war on and denounces me -germany declares war on me -every nation on earth exept for russia declaires war on me -me and russia vs. the world -I have 3 nukes and no one else has any -cant make myself use them -steamroll enemy city states south of me -steamroll greece to the north -steamroll native american settlements on some islands near me -siam discovers urainum -siam is confirmed to have nuclear power plant -must stop siam from getting nukes -US gunships race to punch a hole in siams defences -all reserve units are embarked for the invasion with destroyer escorts -gunships meet uber heavy resistance -invasion due in 2 turns -russia is being cut off from US aid -sends paratroopers to break the siege of moscow -fails due to being outnumbered 20:1 -D-Day in siam -steamrolls siam until only capital left -no sign of atomic weapons -100,000 troops surrounding the capital -air raid sirens -siam nukes himself four times along with most of my troops -paras mop up and capture the capital -sad music -all other nations in shock -we mourn our fallen troops -all nations make peace in the next 4 turns -we all are sad -decides war must end for good -changes course for diplomatic victory -starts work on UN -becomes allies with 19 city states -all nations live in realitive peace -finishes UN -wins vote -wins game 10/10 no feels like this in a game before.
game-hours: 14.1
review: When Gandhi or Ethiopia comes to your doorstep with gifts of gold, dyes, and ivory, take my advice. Ready all your tanks and nukes, arm them, AND SHOOT THEM LIKE YOUR LIFE DEPENDS ON IT. They are evil, traitorous demons. NEVER TRUST THEM. However, Genghis Khan is my best friend. He came up to me and was all like, "De full do bu la chi mendo." And I said, "Okay! Let's be friends!" I can never understand that guy, but something about our relationship just works. Ghandi Hating Simulator 2014 11/10
game-hours: 51.1
review: You'll decide to play for an hour and you'll realize four days later that your wife left you, but you're so close to killing that scumbag Gandhi that it doesn't even matter. 20/10
game-hours: 152.8
review: Never. Trust. Ghandi.
game-hours: 40.9
review: Don't attempt to play this before going to bed.
game-hours: 444.1
review: Say goodbye to your life.
game-hours: 556.8
review: If you havn't played it, you need to. It's a great strategy game that takes time that is well worth the investment. To say the least about it, it is one of those games that will make you say at some point, "Oh, I'll only play another hour before going to bed". Two days later, "Just one more hour". 10/10
game-hours: 122.2
review: good very much wow
game-hours: 26.3
review: This game is SUPA AWESOME!!!!!!!!! If you like strategy games you'll love this, definately worth the buy.
game-hours: 13.9
review: One of the best games I have ever played! A must buy for people who like exploring, strategy, and building. 10/10
game-hours: 2.4
review: Very entertaining. Just as enjoyable as Civ III. Really eats away at the time though ;)
game-hours: 246.0
review: This game gets a -1000/10 for not including laser sharks that swim in lava as a modern era unit. Gods and kings is no help, still no laser sharks.
game-hours: 52.5
review: A great strategy game that is easy to play singleplayer or with others, and very easy to pick up on.
game-hours: 247.7
review: hell yeah 360XxXNOySCOPEXxX  ES UP
game-hours: 80.2
review: This game gets 0/10 budder blocks HAIL SKY. Its full of a bunch of squids who think they can run a country. They also don't let you mine budder and make shrines to lord sky. This needs a remake or a dlc to add budder and move it up to my standards HAIL SKY
game-hours: 597.5
review: 5 out of 5 stars. Easily the best PC strategy game, even for being a few years old now. Civ 5 is a legendary game that includes so many strategic decisions to be made. The multiplayer is always fun, and the singleplayer is not bad also. Would recommend to anyone of any experience level with PC gaming.
game-hours: 302.8
review: Sid Meier's CIvilization is an odd game. I don't normally fancy strategy games, and I'll be honest on the singleplayer side this game is a bit boring. But multiplayer is... I'm going to try to describe this in the most articulate way I can... hella great. The diplomatic relationships between your friends, the trades and wars and alliances secretly going on over steam chats. If you have friends to play it with, I would say it's a great buy even if you're not into this kind of game because lord knows I'm not, and I don't even play it to win I just try to play with my friends and hopefully screw someone over then go down in the most dramatic way possible. If you don't, it's still a solid that adds solid features to an already solid series. So it's good, but I don't really like this sorta game so the multiplayer aspect is the only part I can enjoy. I have bought all of the dlc for this game as well, and I could not possibly regret it. Some of the best dlc additions I've seen. 9/10 pickles
game-hours: 13.9
review: Screw this game. It's too addicting. I go play this game thinking I'll just spend a few hours on Friday night playing this game. Next thing I know, it's Sunday night not knowing where the hell did my weekend go. It's a game where you say to yourself "One more move..." turns to two hundred more moves and six hours later. I literally started this game at 7pm and next thing I knew, it is 5am and only had 1 hour of sleep until I had to get ready for work. Btw, screw Ghandi. Do not make peace with him. He will always make war with you.
game-hours: 240.2
review: Awsome, but could be improved upon. Endless Space is better
game-hours: 135.8
review: Its good
game-hours: 541.5
review: Many hours canbe spent in this one, waiting on loading mostly;(
game-hours: 70.6
review: This game is amazing. It might seem as if each time you play its going to be the same but no matter what the game will always be diffrenet. the first day I got this game I played for 10 hours straight. This game is amazing. Its like a board game but has so many more features.
game-hours: 83.5
review: With the Gods & Kings expansion the game is nicely rounded out and I think a worthy Civ title.
game-hours: 294.7
review: If you are thinking of getting a strategy game for this sale, go with this. i would also recommend buying the standerd version then BNW cause BNW includes G and K and adds more too, so its just more bang for your buck. If u do get it msg me so we can play!
game-hours: 145.5
review: Some could say Civilization V is the greatest turn based strategy games in years, i would agree. This game makes you think before you act and one wrong decision could cost you the game. for example you could opt for a full out military assualt on an empire that you think you outnumber or just have more technology then but after years and years of bloodshed you find yourself backed up against a wall with no one to save you, maybe you should of peaced out while you had the chance? maybe you shouldnt of started the war in the first place and went along your merry way. This is what civilization is all about, yes it might look simple on the outside or boring, but everyone who is a fan of turn based strategy games will understand how amazing this game really is. Definitely reccomend
game-hours: 9.3
review: Great game, complex but yet simple enough.
game-hours: 179.9
review: i was expecting it to be WAY more complicated THANKS QUILL18 FOR GETTING ME INTO CIV THIS ONES FO YOU MAN
game-hours: 7.2
review: Slow and meticulous but draws you in. Fun like risk with friends on a late saturday night.
game-hours: 813.1
review: I've never been much of a Strategy game person, but this and Xcom: Enemy Unknown really changed that. This game is a little rough around the edges without the Brave New World and Gods & Kings expansions. I highly recommend both of those to get an extremely complete and well rounded game. As the saying goes: "One more turn." As you can see I have spent well over 700 hours on this game and I have enjoyed almost every moment of it. I always seems to fall back into and and just enjoy the game play. The game also has a very good amount of history you can learn from in just by reading the built-in wiki. I have since taken up an interest in history, just due to this game. There are just so many things I can write about this game, but I think the best thing I can really say is you should try it for yourself. I am sure you will enjoy it, especially if you are already into Strategy games!
game-hours: 22.0
review: Best Time Waster 2013. That is all.
game-hours: 405.1
review: Good game
game-hours: 227.1
review: ONE MORE TURN
game-hours: 200.1
review: Best Strategy Simulator out there. The DLC makes brilliant changes to gameplay. Highly recommended
game-hours: 80.6
review: This game is so fun and addicting to play, it will take your hours away without you even thinking about it. Defintely recommend picking it up.
game-hours: 21.1
review: Good stuff here, can't get enough.
game-hours: 64.7
review: One of the best strategy, turn-based games I've played in a long time. Conqour the world or win the hearts or awe of millions, you choose how you want to win this thing. The entire set-up works great because sometimes you have to rely on your enemies to get the job done, whatever it is that your doing. This is just for the base game alone; when you take into account Gods and Kings expansion, holy CRAP, this thing is the best ever. Espionage and Religion (only in Gods and Kings) add such an addictive game mechanic, you'll never stop playing this. Every single turn is a "Please...just one more turn then I'm DONE..." crawl to the finish line, even if you've already gotten there.
game-hours: 18.6
review: Civilization V is truly the best game when it comes to building your own civilization. Its complex, its beautiful, and you will find yourself playing more than you planned. Beautiful experience worth playing and adding expansions.
game-hours: 74.0
review: This game is beyond awesome. What else is there to say
game-hours: 287.1
review: I think the better question is: Why shouldn't you get this game?
game-hours: 61.5
review: Love it, enjoying it more than Total War series. Politics, strategy and religion are much more important than just making an army.
game-hours: 36.5
review: OK Sid this game is nice and all but you're not getting any of those DLC funbux from me until multiplayer ING WORKS
game-hours: 150.0
review: Very good!
game-hours: 2562.5
review: Sid is the man .....Long Live King Sid!!
game-hours: 272.6
review: Beautiful game. I play this for hours and hours without losing interest. Sid Meier's Games are one of a kind.
game-hours: 31.8
review: Too Good
game-hours: 148.3
review: Just buy it now, play it for 'a bit', then look at time played! Enjoy :D
game-hours: 44.9
review: It's a nice one.
game-hours: 1462.7
review: This game is very good, I've spent a lot of time playing Civ 5. The developers continue to release patches for the game as well as publish downloadable content in the Steam Store. The Game of the Year edition contains most of the downloadable content and I'd suggest getting that if you get this game!
game-hours: 27.6
review: nice game
game-hours: 164.4
review: play it ers!
game-hours: 165.1
review: The best strategy ever!
game-hours: 75.2
review: 4 **** I struggle to understand a lot of civs concepts but I can recognize a good game when I see it. This title has a lot going for it, its better than 4 in my opinion. So if you like this sort of thing give it a go.
game-hours: 2.1
review: 9/10 very fun game
game-hours: 239.7
review: So. Good. Streamlined nicely for casual players, but fully capable of supporting advanced players. The graphics are beautiful, the gameplay immersive and guaranteed to make you keep uttering the phrase that's practically the series' trademark: "Just one more turn" until three in the morning. If you're at all interested in turn-based strategy you've just found it's crown. PLAY IT.
game-hours: 95.0
review: ing barbs
game-hours: 76.3
review: a very good game
game-hours: 296.3
review: Great game. Just make sure you get the expansions.
game-hours: 146.8
review: This game right here..... SUPR GUD M8
game-hours: 31.4
review: Awesome game
game-hours: 691.5
review: awesome, and even more awesome way to game with mod enhancements. many ways to alter ur view of play.
game-hours: 178.2
review: This game is really cool.Shows alot of potential and is work into it.I reccomend this game to everyone that likes stragety games.
game-hours: 89.5
review: Pretty darn good game. Gameplay is smooth and responsive and the AI is pretty intelligent. I like the idea of running a civilization and being able to conquer others. Only thing is the DLC is expensive.
game-hours: 53.7
review: You play as the undisputed dictator of your own nation in this fantastic National Socialist Germany simulator, you win can through other methods like Diplomacy but thats no fun.
game-hours: 42.7
review: Fast-paced action gaming at its finest.
game-hours: 54.8
review: This game. Holy . Give me an  now.
game-hours: 105.6
review: I liked civ 3 more
game-hours: 259.6
review: Truly one of the greatest games ever made.
game-hours: 108.2
review: Excellent turn-based strategy. It's like Risk, Monopoly, and SimCity combined.
game-hours: 221.5
review: Just one more turn, one more campaign I swear... (6 hours later). Not recommended for low-end computers, as late-game turn processing can make the game lag and heat up your computer. Definitely play DX11 mode if you can handle it though, it's much prettier to look at and you get animated world leaders.
game-hours: 374.4
review: it's ok
game-hours: 142.9
review: I highly recommend this game, one match could keep you entertained for hours!
game-hours: 276.0
review: Great game, played for years. As soon as I tried to utilize the Steam Cloud functions though, the entire thing crashed. Now, every time I try to load or save a game the program crashes to desktop. I've been in communication with Steam Support for 9 days now and they keep giving me the runaround with solutions that are not affecting my problem at all. 2K support didnt even bother responding to my request. What's more, right before all this happened I encouraged two friends to buy this game, now I can't play with them at all. I'm terribly vexed.
game-hours: 77.7
review: I think the Civilization series is great. Overall I give it a 8/10 Concept: Same as other Civilzations, 7/10 Gameplay: Outstanding at how many options there are! 8/10 Graphics: Incredable: 10/10 Price: Waaaaaaaay too pricy,but thats what happens to big company games. Wait a couple of years it will go down though.
game-hours: 134.9
review: I think I permanently damaged my right arm by playing this game.
game-hours: 58.4
review: Super)))
game-hours: 1198.5
review: If only it had the same depth as Civ IV :) Can't wait for the VI
game-hours: 182.3
review: The Brave New World expansion basically saved this game. It fixed all the issues I had with the base game. Both diplomacy and the latter half of the game has been given a tremendous face lift. Civ V is now on par with, if not more fun than, Civ IV.
game-hours: 36.2
review: SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG 402BLAZEITFEGIT
game-hours: 137.7
review: Just one more turn...
game-hours: 270.0
review: The endless possibilities, scenarios, and beautifal gameplay make CIV 5 an easy game to lose hundreds of hours in. Smart and stylish CIV 5 will can make burning the midnight oil easy. It really does embody all the greatest things about the franchise and the expansion packs fill in all the wholes left in the original game. Highly recommend this title.
game-hours: 70.4
review: A board game that could only exist as a video game, with an immense amount of depth. It's easy to play and almost impossible to master, and it's a different game every time you play it. Pick up both major DLC's (Brave New World and Gods and Kings) for the best possible experience.
game-hours: 187.2
review: $50 DLC?  you very much Sid Meier.
game-hours: 66.5
review: lame
game-hours: 24.6
review: "One last turn!" fans of the Civlization franchise have been screaming since the series inception and Civ V is no exception. With many mechanics being overhauled and refined, every bit of the game is even better than the predecessor. Fan or not you must check out this game, for it will consume your life (in the best way possible of course).
game-hours: 188.0
review: For strategy nerds, history nerds and anyone who wishes to see wild inaccuracies in history just for teh lulz (the Aztecs conquering the French? Who knew?) It's a great timesink for anyone craving strategy. It's good for newbies and experts alike, ranging between "I can do this" to "the AI is straight up cheating" A personal favorite thing about this game is that it plays in turns (so you can watch some TV or whatever and won't lose because you got distracted) and that it doesn't require precise controls, making it perfect for playing in a laptop without external mice or keyboards
game-hours: 66.9
review: Culture, Science, Religion... GOLD.. these are the stuff of Civilization. An excellent marriage of strategy, turn-based combat, and resource managment. Lose sight of your Civilization's goal... and neighbouring leaders may leave you in the dust. Leaders come and go... Cities crumble... So too will the tangible relationships of your family and friends as you whisper to yourself "Just one more turn"
