game-hours: 4652.9
review: This is the game the never, ever ends. I picked this game up thinking I wouldn't like it having never played a previous TES game before. Sat in my Library untouched for about a month or two, and finally took the plunge. I was wrong. I was so very, very wrong. This is probably the best purchase I've ever made on steam. Add in the unlimited potential of modding, and it's an adventure that continues forever. I've probably restarted over a hundred times by now with a new character, and still only have beaten Alduin once. ONCE. There's still so much more do to and explore that I'm still discovering quests and areas and little hidden things. I still can't believe how much there is to do and I'm still finding more. At it stands I'll probably wake up one day having lost all touch with reality and actually start seeing the world as Skyrim with how much I've played. And I'm totally ok with that.
game-hours: 3210.9
review: Ruined my life. Five stars.
game-hours: 1164.7
review: If I had to choose between this game, and my girlfriend. I'd pick this game. EDIT: I'm single now ON A MORE SERIOUS NOTE: This game is the best in its genre. In previous Bethesda games they made a sad balance in between Questing, and Exploration. Some having more quests and less places to go, and others having very few quests and more places to explore. But in Skyrim, there is no shortage of quests, and if you are like myself and just wander around aimlessly, you will stumble into places that just blow your mind. Every time I have replayed this game, I stumbled into something new. For more info i'd very much recommend mods, with mods such as texture packs, difficulty, quests, armor, and weapons, this games replay value is endless. Go through the game once with plain skyrim, then mod the hell out of it. Overall I'd rate this game an EASY 10/10. If you haven't already. Please buy it, give it a little, and I swear you will be hooked.
game-hours: 150.9
review: >murdered Nazeem in the middle of town >carried him up to the Cloud District >threw his corpse down into some nearby water >retrieved his corpse >carried him back to the middle of town >guards see me, don't care >left Nazeem's corpse bent over a well >guard hard staring me whole time >decide to leave market place >accidentally hit "E" while looking at tomato >get sent to jail for stealing tomato 10/10
game-hours: 247.4
review: An epic game made all the more epic by the fact that it is so easy to mod and so well supported by the modding community. The Elder Scrolls series has a large following and often you will hear people argue over each new TES game comparing it to the last, but for me each TES game stands on its own merits, and Skyrim is no exception. The story is pretty good and there are plenty of side quests, but what makes Skyrim so great even when not modded is its large and open nature. This is a land you can just pick a direction and with no quest in mind and just explore. You will find danger and excitement on your journey ... and loot. Lots and lots of loot. But once you start modding this game, that is when you unlock the true value that is Skyrim. Potentially thousands more hours content (for free) in a game that can be improved ten thousand different ways from graphics, textures and sounds all the way to game mechanics and user interface changes. You can make the game exactly what you need it to be, and play it for so long you may still be playing when the next game in this series comes out.... and sometimes longer than even that. If you are interested in modding the PC version of the game, be sure to check out my guide for beginners:
game-hours: 148.5
review: A game where trying to interact with giants holding clubs turns into the funding of NASA's space program.
game-hours: 12816.1
review: Play it, mod it, play it again, mod it some more... It's a dangerous cycle: your pets will die of neglect and your friends will leave you. You won't care, you'll just install more mods.
game-hours: 92.4
review: I was stacking books on a shelf in my house in Whiterun, one of Skyrim's major cities, when I noticed a weapon rack right beside it. I set a sacrificial dagger in one slot, an Orcish mace in the other. They were on display for nobody but me and my computer-controlled housecarl, Lydia, who sat at a table patiently waiting for me to ask her to go questing. The chest upstairs was reserved for excess weapons and armor, the bedside table for smithing ingots and ores, the one next to the Alchemy table for ingredients. I'd meticulously organized my owned virtual property not because I had to, but because tending to the minutia of domestic life is a comforting break from dealing with screaming frost trolls, dragons, a civil war, and job assignments that never seem to go as planned. It's even a sensible thing to do; a seemingly natural component of every day existence in Skyrim, one of the most fully-realized, easily enjoyable, and utterly engrossing role-playing games ever made. Part of what makes it so enjoyable has to do with how legacy Elder Scrolls clutter has been condensed and in some cases eliminated. In Skyrim, there's no more moon-hopping between hilltops with a maxed out Acrobatics skill. That's gone, so is Athletics. The Elder Scrolls V pares down the amount of skills and cuts out attributes like Endurance and Intelligence altogether. There's no time wasted on the character creation screen agonizing over which skills to assign as major. You don't assign major and minor skills at all, but instead pick one of ten races, each with a specific bonus. High Elves can once a day regenerate magicka quickly, Orcs can enter a berserk rage for more effective close-range combat. These abilities are best paired with certain character builds  the High Elf regeneration is useful for a magic user  but don't represent a rigid class choice. Major decisions don't need to be made until you're already out in the world and can try out magic, sneaking and weapon combat, emphasizing first-hand experience over instruction manual study, letting you specialize only when you're ready. It contributes to the thrilling sense of freedom associated with life in Skyrim. Do a quest, kill a dragon, snatch torchbugs from the air, munch on butterfly wings or simply wander while listening to one of the best game soundtracks in recent memory. Despite the enormity of the world and the colossal amount of content contained within, little feels random and useless. Even chewing on a butterfly wing has purpose, as it reveals one of several alchemical parameters later useful in potion making at an alchemy table. Mined ore and scraps of metal from Dwemer ruins can be smelted into ingots and fashioned into armor sets, pelts lifted from slain wildlife can be turned into leather armor sets, and random books plucked from ancient ruins can trigger hidden quest lines that lead to valuable rewards. Skyrim's land mass is absolutely stuffed with content and curiosities, making every step you take, even if it's through what seems like total wilderness, an exciting one, as something unexpected often lies just over the next ridge. Many times the unexpected takes the form of a dragon. Sometimes they're purposefully placed to guard relics, sometimes they swoop over cities and attack at seemingly random times. In the middle of a fight against a camp of bandits a dragon might strike, screaming through the sky and searing foe and friendly alike with frost or flame. Momentarily all on the battlefield unite, directing arrows and magic blasts upward to knock down the creature, creating impromptu moments of camaraderie -- a surprising change from what may have been yet another by-the-numbers bandit camp sweep. Dragons show up often, their presence announced by an ominous flap of broad wings or an otherworldly scream from high above. The scale and startling detail built into each creature's appearance and animations as it circles, stops to attack, circles again and slams to the ground makes encounters thrilling, though their predictable attack patterns lessen the excitement after a few battles. In the long run they're far less irritating than the Oblivion gate equivalent from The Elder Scrolls IV, can be completed in a few minutes, and always offer a useful reward. Killing a dragon yields a soul, which powers Skyrim's new Shout system. These are magical abilities any character can use, you don't have to specialize in spell casting to slow time, throw your voice, change the weather, call in allies, blast out ice and fire, or knock back enemies with a rolling wave of pure force. Even if you favor sword, shield and heavy armor and ignore magic entirely, you'll still be able to take full advantage of these abilities provided you find the proper words  each Shout has three  hidden on Skyrim's high snowy peaks and in the depths of forgotten dungeons, serving as another reason to continue exploring long after you've exhausted the main quest story, joined with the Thieves Guild, fought alongside the Dark Brotherhood, or thrown your support behind one of the factions vying for control of Skyrim. Not only is this land under assault by dragons, long thought to be dead, it's also ripped in two by civil war. You can choose one side or the other, but so much of the allure of Skyrim is how, even outside of the confines of quest lines, the embattled state of the world is evident, and steeped in a rich fictional legacy. Lord of the Rings this is not, but with the release of every Elder Scrolls game, the fiction becomes denser, and the cross-referencing for long-time fans all the more rewarding. Skyrim's residents are all aware of current events. They'll comment on the civil war, some sympathizing with the rebels, others thinking the establishment sold its soul. The peasants complain about the Jarls who control each settlement, the Jarls complain about the rebels or foreign policy, the overprotective College librarian complains when I drop dragon scales all over his floor; many characters feel like whole, distinct personalities instead of vacuous nothings that hand out quests like a downtown greeter hands out flyers for discount jeans. Characters stereotype based on race, they double-cross at even the slightest hint it might be profitable, and they react to your evolving stature within the world. It makes a ridiculous realm, filled with computer-controlled cat people and humanoid reptiles, demon gods and dragons, feel authentic, like a world that existed long before you showed up and will continue to exist long after you leave.
game-hours: 68.4
review: Killed an old woman. Stole a plate. Got arrested. (Because of the plate). Fought a dragon. Stole a crown. Got drunk. Became a werewolf. Killed bees with fire. Followed a talking dog. Visited the old dwarven cities. Killed robots. Became an assassin. Killed the emperor. Got beaten to death by a whole town for stealing a cabbage. Became a respected general. Fought bandits. Poisoned mead. Stole cabbage again. 10/10 would Skyrim again.
game-hours: 477.1
review: At first you are like this games fun, then you are like woah there are mods and then you don't stop the mods and then the next thing you know you are playing as a giant with a strap-on fighting thomas the tank engine
game-hours: 173.3
review: How can you not reccomend this game. The scope is huge, the quests are plentiful, the gameplay and graphics are still amazing. You will lose many hours of your life with this game happily.
game-hours: 284.9
review: If you're going to buy one game on Steam. This is it. Get mods, and you get an infinite game.
game-hours: 10.9
review: Robbed house, girl caught me, she ran outside to find guards and everybody attacked her. 10/10 IGN
game-hours: 123.8
review: Stole a plate and became the #1 most wanted man in the world. 10/10
game-hours: 68.9
review: If this game was a spoon, it would be a good spoon.
game-hours: 41.9
review: THIS GAME IS: 10% luck 20% SKILL 15% CONCENTRATED POWER OF WILL 5% PLEASURE 50% PAIN AND 100% REASON TO PURCHASE THE GAME.
game-hours: 447.0
review: I used to have a life like you. Then I took a Skyrim to the disk
game-hours: 63.4
review: I can shout at cabbages not only IRL, but virtually too. 10/10
game-hours: 449.1
review: So I was walking around near Rorikstead and I went up and said hi to a guard and he said "Gotta keep my eyes open. Damn dragons could swoop down at any time" then at that exact moment a legendary dragon flew down and picked him up with his mouth and threw him in the air killing him instantly. 11/10 best game I've ever played
game-hours: 152.1
review: Who needs Grand Theft Auto when you can steal a horse. 10/10
game-hours: 83.4
review: if this game was a potato....it would be a good potato potato/potato would potato again
game-hours: 184.4
review: It's like Skyrim without guns.
game-hours: 121.8
review: I used to have friends, then I bought skyrim.
game-hours: 738.3
review: Removed someone's head with a wooden sword. 10/10
game-hours: 97.3
review: Watched free porn. Got a virus. Bought Skyrim for the nudity mod. Didn't get a virus. 11/10, would fap again.
game-hours: 56.6
review: One of the best RPG games I've played , just brilliant, this game never ends, a lot of modding, adventure's , characters , different areas quests etc. Must PLAY!
game-hours: 54.4
review: Shot a chicken with a bow and arrow and became the man with the highest bounty. 10/10 would shoot again
game-hours: 70.3
review: -Be me Jarl of Whiterun -Naked man walks in -Devours 25 cheese rolls infront of me -guard walks up to him -says the arrow to the knee line -Naked man stand behind him -Disappears -Guard is now naked -Naked man becomes guard -comes to me and says somthing about dragons - pants -Sent him to dangerous dungon -Feel Relieved -Comes back with stone - intensifies -send him to kill dragon -By talos i hope he dies -Comes back with dragon bones - you talos -Send him to High Hrothgar -hopefully thats the last time i see him -1 month later -comes back with stormcloaks to take over -me.jpg
game-hours: 351.5
review: Great game. I've been playing it for more than two years and I have enjoyed every minute.
game-hours: 324.4
review: I killed a chicken, and the entire town banded together to kill me. 10/10
game-hours: 207.6
review: I stole a spoon and i got a bounty on me, best game ever.
game-hours: 126.1
review: This is a game.
game-hours: 129.8
review: if this game was a chair it would be a good chair
game-hours: 116.7
review: Okay, where do I start? General: This game is able to shock you and make you laugh time and time again, even when playing it for the 3'rd time. It takes about 130 - 200 hours of playtime to finish all of the quests, and I guarantee that in the time you will not discover everything there is to discover. If you do not feel like questing, take some time mining, scaring people with magic and shouts, undressing them, stealing, stealthing, killing dragons or giants, throwing cabbages around or simply reading 1 of about 250 integrated ingame books and stories. Graphics: This game has pulled off something I have thought to be impossible and pushed the whole gaming industry to the new levels. It has successfully integrated superb graphics into a lot of content. World is beautiful, vast and full of variety and although a bit dark by default this can very easily be changed by just picking one mod from the workshop. Workshop: Why does this deserve a special tab? Because thanks to workshop, earlier mentioned 200 hours of gameplay easily turn into thousands of hours of gameplay. Don't like any part of the game? Change it! Modify it! Add to it! A huge amount of mods are being made every day, and whether they spawn an extra cupcake in your house or add new cities with their own storylines they will all change your experience and prolong the fun. Name what you want to do, it exists. ALL OF IT. Cons: - Few possible glitches, but all have their fix, just need to be googled out. - A bit too confusing and overwhelming at the start. A lot of unanswered questions may put you off the game. This happened to me on the first two attempts to play the game. I ended up going to the first town, becoming a woodcutter, killing a chicken and getting chased by the guards. But once you push on, you will be nothing but glad you did. Who am I even writing this for? Is there any poor soul out there who has not yet played this game? BUY IT. NOW. Please?
game-hours: 61.9
review: I killed a chicken. Whole town attacked me. 10/10 would kill again.
game-hours: 37.6
review: The province of Skyrim might be frigid, but the role-playing game that takes place within it burns with a fire few games possess. Yes, Skyrim is another enormous fantasy RPG from a developer that specializes in them, and it could suck up hundreds of hours of your time as you inspect each nook and crevasse for the secrets to be found within. The game returns you to the continent of Tamriel, where you explore the northern realm called Skyrim, home to the Nord race. In these northern regions, snow flurries cloud your view, and platforms of ice float on the chilled waters. Nighttime often brings Tamriel's version of the aurora borealis, with its gorgeous blue and green ribbons stretching across the heavens. Skyrim's predecessor, Oblivion, featured prototypical fantasy environments-pretty but not quite evocative of the lore's darker undercurrents. Skyrim embraces its darker elements. You might feel an eerie chill as you glimpse a half-sunken ship through the mist, or watch as a dragon comes to life before your very eyes under the swirling firmament. Closer inspection reveals hard edges, plain painted-on textures, and other visual flaws that are conspicuous should you seek them out. But like many enormous games, Skyrim makes a fantastic impression not because its individual elements are sharply honed, but because they contribute to a grander whole. There's so much to do that your quest log becomes an embarrassment of pleasures, offering dozens of choices at any given time, each one as enticing as the next.It's impressive enough that there's so much to do; it's even more impressive that most of it is wonderful. Not every dungeon is a joy to explore. Stone-turning puzzles occasionally bring the fun to a halt, and a few repeated cave designs could dampen your spirits. But overall, every task has an excellent sense of context, and surprises lurk around many a turn. Skyrim also uses scattered books and references to enthrall you. You may not be a big fan of reading books in role-playing games, but even so, you should make an effort here.The combat in Skyrim is the tightest Elder Scrolls combat yet, the visual and audio cues normally providing proper feedback with your blows and zaps.Some death blows result in Fallout 3-style slow-motion kills, which retain their power because they're not overly frequent. Movement, too, has seen improvement: you can now play from a third-person view and feel like you're moving across the land instead of floating above it. All in all, Skyrim has some minor issues but as a whole is a brilliant RPG.
game-hours: 16.5
review: I dont know why people wear horned helmets. They look like angry cows.
game-hours: 139.6
review: "It's like Skyrim"- IGN
game-hours: 150.2
review: Fornicate with wenches, acquire gold.
game-hours: 380.4
review: "This might just be crazy enough to potato" 10/10- IGN
game-hours: 313.3
review: I was stacking books on a shelf in my house in Whiterun, one of Skyrim's major cities, when I noticed a weapon rack right beside it. I set a sacrificial dagger in one slot, an Orcish mace in the other. They were on display for nobody but me and my computer-controlled housecarl, Lydia, who sat at a table patiently waiting for me to ask her to go questing. The chest upstairs was reserved for excess weapons and armor, the bedside table for smithing ingots and ores, the one next to the Alchemy table for ingredients. I'd meticulously organized my owned virtual property not because I had to, but because tending to the minutia of domestic life is a comforting break from dealing with screaming frost trolls, dragons, a civil war, and job assignments that never seem to go as planned. It's even a sensible thing to do; a seemingly natural component of every day existence in Skyrim, one of the most fully-realized, easily enjoyable, and utterly engrossing role-playing games ever made. Part of what makes it so enjoyable has to do with how legacy Elder Scrolls clutter has been condensed and in some cases eliminated. In Skyrim, there's no more moon-hopping between hilltops with a maxed out Acrobatics skill. That's gone, so is Athletics. The Elder Scrolls V pares down the amount of skills and cuts out attributes like Endurance and Intelligence altogether. There's no time wasted on the character creation screen agonizing over which skills to assign as major. You don't assign major and minor skills at all, but instead pick one of ten races, each with a specific bonus. High Elves can once a day regenerate magicka quickly, Orcs can enter a berserk rage for more effective close-range combat. These abilities are best paired with certain character builds  the High Elf regeneration is useful for a magic user  but don't represent a rigid class choice. Major decisions don't need to be made until you're already out in the world and can try out magic, sneaking and weapon combat, emphasizing first-hand experience over instruction manual study, letting you specialize only when you're ready. It contributes to the thrilling sense of freedom associated with life in Skyrim. Do a quest, kill a dragon, snatch torchbugs from the air, munch on butterfly wings or simply wander while listening to one of the best game soundtracks in recent memory. Despite the enormity of the world and the colossal amount of content contained within, little feels random and useless. Even chewing on a butterfly wing has purpose, as it reveals one of several alchemical parameters later useful in potion making at an alchemy table. Mined ore and scraps of metal from Dwemer ruins can be smelted into ingots and fashioned into armor sets, pelts lifted from slain wildlife can be turned into leather armor sets, and random books plucked from ancient ruins can trigger hidden quest lines that lead to valuable rewards. Skyrim's land mass is absolutely stuffed with content and curiosities, making every step you take, even if it's through what seems like total wilderness, an exciting one, as something unexpected often lies just over the next ridge. Many times the unexpected takes the form of a dragon. Sometimes they're purposefully placed to guard relics, sometimes they swoop over cities and attack at seemingly random times. In the middle of a fight against a camp of bandits a dragon might strike, screaming through the sky and searing foe and friendly alike with frost or flame. Momentarily all on the battlefield unite, directing arrows and magic blasts upward to knock down the creature, creating impromptu moments of camaraderie -- a surprising change from what may have been yet another by-the-numbers bandit camp sweep. Dragons show up often, their presence announced by an ominous flap of broad wings or an otherworldly scream from high above. The scale and startling detail built into each creature's appearance and animations as it circles, stops to attack, circles again and slams to the ground makes encounters thrilling, though their predictable attack patterns lessen the excitement after a few battles. In the long run they're far less irritating than the Oblivion gate equivalent from The Elder Scrolls IV, can be completed in a few minutes, and always offer a useful reward. Killing a dragon yields a soul, which powers Skyrim's new Shout system. These are magical abilities any character can use, you don't have to specialize in spell casting to slow time, throw your voice, change the weather, call in allies, blast out ice and fire, or knock back enemies with a rolling wave of pure force. Even if you favor sword, shield and heavy armor and ignore magic entirely, you'll still be able to take full advantage of these abilities provided you find the proper words  each Shout has three  hidden on Skyrim's high snowy peaks and in the depths of forgotten dungeons, serving as another reason to continue exploring long after you've exhausted the main quest story, joined with the Thieves Guild, fought alongside the Dark Brotherhood, or thrown your support behind one of the factions vying for control of Skyrim. Not only is this land under assault by dragons, long thought to be dead, it's also ripped in two by civil war. You can choose one side or the other, but so much of the allure of Skyrim is how, even outside of the confines of quest lines, the embattled state of the world is evident, and steeped in a rich fictional legacy. Lord of the Rings this is not, but with the release of every Elder Scrolls game, the fiction becomes denser, and the cross-referencing for long-time fans all the more rewarding. Skyrim's residents are all aware of current events. They'll comment on the civil war, some sympathizing with the rebels, others thinking the establishment sold its soul. The peasants complain about the Jarls who control each settlement, the Jarls complain about the rebels or foreign policy, the overprotective College librarian complains when I drop dragon scales all over his floor; many characters feel like whole, distinct personalities instead of vacuous nothings that hand out quests like a downtown greeter hands out flyers for discount jeans. Characters stereotype based on race, they double-cross at even the slightest hint it might be profitable, and they react to your evolving stature within the world. It makes a ridiculous realm, filled with computer-controlled cat people and humanoid reptiles, demon gods and dragons, feel authentic, like a world that existed long before you showed up and will continue to exist long after you leave. The game has one of the largest active modding communities of any game. This helps to spice up gameplay and graphics. With new residents, new weapons and armor, incredible house mods adding giant castles, and visual mods. You can spend hours upon hours finding mods that suit your needs in the nordic lands of Skyrim. It is worth to note that you should know the game to an extent before modding, as it can corrupt save files if not done properly. If I'd have to rate it, it would be a 10/10.
game-hours: 447.5
review: I got this game 2 weeks ago help me
game-hours: 183.9
review: I was like *SLASH SLASH SLASH* and the guy was like *AHHHHH* and i was like *HAHAHA* and then..then...then i won the game. :D
game-hours: 36.1
review: Addictive AND org4smic. Best combination
game-hours: 102.5
review: Best RPG ever, hands down.
game-hours: 48.1
review: It's like Oblivion with nords. 9.4/10
game-hours: 1689.1
review: November 11, 2011 - Started playing *time lapse* December 11, 2014 - "It should be a nice game" they said. "It's content filled so it should take you about 90 hours to complete!" they sAiD... I'VE COMPLETELY LOST CONTROL OF MY LIFE!!!
game-hours: 71.6
review: Your one way ticket to being able to kill the children. Story 10/10 Graphics 10/10 Sounds 9/10 ... Mods 1000000000000000 OUTTA MOTHER ING 10
game-hours: 12.1
review: I Fus-Ro-Dahed a goat off a mountian, then a dragon came and Fus-Ro-Dahed me off the mountian. 11/10! Great game and not easy to get bored of. Entertaining in every way, and I highly recommend getting the DLC's, aswell. They really complete the game.
game-hours: 200.3
review: This is one of the best adventures you can play: long and storyrich main quest with huge amount of sidequests to venture through! With the official Dragonborn, Dawnguard and Heartfire dlcs there's tons of places to see and enormous amount of quests to complete. If you somehow run out of stuff to find then there's the modding possibility. SO MANY mods are out there (Steam Workshop, Skyrim Nexus...) to give you more quests, items and whatever. With all the mods it's pretty much endless adventure waiting for you as Dragonborn. The best ability of course is shouting at everything you see. It's pretty funny to make people fly away when you feel upset about someone stealing your sweetroll... Some caves and especially Dwarven ruins tend to be pretty boring to go to after some time since they are pretty long (Dwarven ruins) and linear (just killing tons of same enemies to find something/somebody or to get somewhere) but other than that it's a beautiful and rich game in so many ways that there is no reason why you shouldn't give it a try! Btw never attack chickens... those s seem to be pretty valuable in Skyrim since everyone is willing to kill you if you harm them.
game-hours: 149.6
review: puts bucket on shopkeepers head hidden steals everything takes off bucket hello how are you today
game-hours: 210.1
review: Getting really high and flying a dragon through the skies; Getting smashed and kicking everyone's ; Lighting some dream crystal, and uhh.. collecting crystals.. Snorting a line and committing various crimes; Whatever state of mind you go in, you'll certainly be entertained. But, the additives definitely ensure the game's not lame So far I have collected thousands of minerals and countless bottles of skooma.. In hopes that my Breton dealer can amass a king's fortune Then I'll build myself a badass mansion where I'll have high elf babes everywhere and I can pork their brains out and pass on my half-blood seed.
game-hours: 440.9
review: step 1: buy it step 2: play it step 3: love it step 4: mod it step 5: crash it step 6: fix it step 7: repeat after step 3.
game-hours: 81.2
review: Fantasy Hero Simulator 2011 Stupid Nords insulted my choice to become a mage, calling into question my manliness. I can shoot fire from one hand and lightning from another. I killed a dragon and absorbed its power. My shout is so powerful that people stagger backwards. TELL ME NORDS, DO YOU STILL THINK THAT I AM UNMANLY NOW?! (10/10, would mage again)
game-hours: 463.4
review: Mod it till it crashes. Then complain to your friends that it keeps on crashing.
game-hours: 22.7
review: if you're a fan of the Elder Scrolls series, or just interested in checking it out, i recommend Skyrim. While Morrowind will always be my favorite TES game, Skyrim is probably the most accessible of the series, not too mention my 2nd favorite. though Oblivion had a slightly better Quest Log, Skyrim is the superior game overall of the two.
game-hours: 67.6
review: A game that is complicated to critique. For the first 30-50 hours, you will be completely absorbed in the beautiful and vast world, with seemingly endless opportunities for exploration and questing. As you continue to play, the cracks start to show. The gameplay systems are incredibly shallow, the characters wooden, the world still beautiful but the dungeons copy/pasted 120 times over with the same enemies, the same meaningless loot. The complication arises when you realize that while you are slowly starting to loathe the game, you've had 30+ hours of fun before hitting that point. So the question is, was it worth it?
game-hours: 7.0
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim + Huge arsenal of weapons (Melee Weapons, Spells, Staffs) + Hundreds of Quests (Main quests, Side quests, Miscellaneous quests) + Hundreds of enemy types + Huge open world to explore + Decisions to make (Stormcloaks of Imperials) - World can be buggy
game-hours: 29.1
review: I stripped everyone naked in Whiterun except the Jarl. Used my Daedric Gloves and fisted everyone's Arses GOTY 10/10
game-hours: 258.0
review: Let's make short and simple: If you are on steam, and you don't own this game, then you're doing it wrong. WRONG. The game is immensley vast, atmosphere is so.. cool. The game will just suck you in. It has LOADS of contents that will keep you busy for 100+ hours for sure. And mods are just icing on the cake; if you're a graphics-hungry person, mods can make this game look better than most "next-gen" games out there, if modded correctly. And the sceneries, oh the sceneries, I just feel like sitting on my chair and just keep staring at those vast fields of beautiufl grasslands. Totally recommend this game. 15/10. BUT, but, one and only con that I found is of the fighting mechanics; it is just so bland. Nothing else I dislike about this game.
game-hours: 1485.1
review: This is a lol you guess it another revamp telling of my review on Skyrim. Just to get this right off the bat: Without mods, This game will feel lifeless granted the game will still be freaking badass the game however as a whole would be a boring rinse and repeat, no matter what race and "character build" you go with. With mods installed prepare to stay up until 3:00 am in the morning while playing this game oh and i mean from 7:00 am to 3:00 by the way, you will literally lose hours just by having fun with the fantastic and active modding community for this game. Now for everything else, The landscape of Skyrim is extremely beautiful, you will get lost in hours and hours of content. More so with the vast dungeons dotting the land. While Elder Scrolls Oblivion had this fantasy artistic style going on with the landscape which is breathtaking within it's own right. Skyrim has this hostile, cold and harsh environment going on. Exatcly how it is described. The quests in this game are extremely well done, more so with quests that don't really start right off the bat until you read a book or hear a rumor, which will keep the player more invested within the game. Also with the AI system implemented in this game, your actions changes how the world views your character with every good deed you do to every bad deed you do. Quest mods also make it more fun and more investing. The skills system aren't exactly as perfect as Elder Scrolls Oblivion. Within that game, whatever class you pick, it will either make the investment into that class fun or not, but either way you will lose hours just getting your characters skills up as you go along within that game. In Skyrim, the skills system are dotted out into three sections, Mage, Warrior, and Rogue, whatever skills you pick it will either help combat scenarios easier or not. Even more so if you choose to go with a thief build. The mage system in this game is pretty badass but not as more through like in Oblivon. But with mods installed it will make these three aspects much more fun to play and make the skill system much more tedious rather than a clean sweep. The Combat system in this game is clunky, it's your typical Elder Scrolls game. If an enemy lungs at you, you block, if you want to gain the advantage against a large stack of bandits or whatever, use a bow. If you want a 'clean sweep' use magic. Here is where modding comes into play once again. Thanks to these overhaul mods the combat system feels more alive and more challenging, with every minute maybe your last. The NPCs in this game while that voice reptition is there, the NPCs of this vast world stand out more than the Oblivion counterparts, each one has a selective schedule and "job" they also have their own "situation" to make these characters either more interesting or more annoying depending upon your point of view. The muscical score makes you want to just to sit back and listen to it. While some people will say "it's recycled music over and over again" There are mods to make the muscial score more diverse and interesting with every combat situation and with every town and city, and dungeon you explore. The DLC are also great in there own right, With Dawnguard, it's your typical light and darkness story. But here you will not only lose more hours into this game, but you will gain new shouts, equipment and companions, and also player homes. With hearthfire it's an add-on, it will just add housecarls and three new houses to the world. If you like that sort of thing. Lastly with Dragonborn, you will explore a very familiar place with a "good" storyline, like with Dawnguard, new quests, new equipment, and new player homes, and new companions. basically Dawnguard and Dragonborn you will get "new" I highly recommend modding this game. In it's original state, again it feels lifeless and dull, even if you lose 1000+ hours into Skyrim. With mods enabled you will enjoy replaying the game over and over again. I seriously recommend this game.
game-hours: 228.1
review: I killed a hen. Whole town attacked me. Best game ever.
game-hours: 729.1
review: I love it, it gave me 2 years of fun, I played every playstyle, every race, every way, every DLC. I been from a straight up heavy armor warrior with a huge battleaxe that can turn into a werewolf, and could stand still taking every hit from a dragon without losing almost any health. To a master thief who isn't very strong but can sneak through a entire bandit camp without being seen once.. All the way to guy who never killed a soul, worked hard for his money chopping wood. Managing to build his own house and have a family. The main story with all the guilds you can join and areas to explore, you won't be bored for a long time. So don't just rush the main story and assume you seen it all. Out of the DLC's, the best would be Dragonborn. It offers a large new world, enemies, quests, armors and weapons. While the Dawnguard only offers a bit and a vampire lord form, and Hearthfire just lets you adopt kids and build homes. The worst thing about it, is there will be bugs, which can easily be fixed by console commands. But only use if needed, like after 5 retrys a quest won't finish or continue. 8/10 Only because it can get far too easy, and the bugs. You get stronger than all the enemies too quickly. So I say when you learn the game better, go on Master or Legendary difficulty for a challenge.
game-hours: 101.8
review: Skyrim is undoubtedly the best purchase I have made in the past year. It's worth every $ that it's listed at especially when considering the insane amount of content you are given. I have only spent about 100 hours in the game (this is short in comparison to a lot of people on my friends list) but I can assure you that those hours were all packed with immersive content. Here are some key features that hooked me into the game.. 1. Dungeon Complexity - When I say complexity, I mean that the design for the game's dungeons vary greatly from simple to complex. You just have to keep exploring and you'll eventually run into the intricately designed areas that get you to pause for a moment and think before being able to progress. At times.. I ALMOST felt as if I were playing the latest Tomb Raider once again. I also found it quite neat that you could use your shouts to bypass/solve a few of the puzzles. 2. Playstyle Freedom - I'm sure tht a lot of people take similar routes but the game does offer a great deal of freedom with its perk system. It's definitely a step up compared to games like Kingdoms of Amalur. Do you enjoy melee combat? How about magic? How about a balance of both? There's a lot of possibilities. 3. Expansive Lore - As I've mentioned, the game has a ton of content. Playing through everything (especially if you are aiming for complete achievements), gives you perspective on the whole story and it really is interesting when some quest's lore ties into another - maybe even forming a bigger picture. Skyrim definitely has a lot more charming qualities but these are the features that I really wanted to highlight. They stood out for me and it was for these reasons that I ended up buying the game last year (only to play it now - 2014) during the summer sale. With that said, I paid $30 for the legendary edition. Wouldn't you agree that for all this content, it was pretty much a steal? How many games can you list down that provide hundreds, nearly thousands of hours worth of content (especially if you count the mods) for that kind of price. Just remember, multiplayer games don't count! 10/10. Buy it when it goes on sale during this upcoming summer sale event.
game-hours: 686.7
review: One of the bests Waifu Simulators out there. You can dress them up, pose and take lots of pictures afterwards. Its just like a Barbie dolls for girls, but made for the adult men that can play it and don't feel bad at all.
game-hours: 212.9
review: Skyrim is one of my favorite games of all time, this game is pure art, the role play is great if you are a nerd like me, however if you don't plan on role playing and you just want to play an amazing game then you can unlike other titles like fallout this game does not punish you and it is not a very hard game, i played it in master for most of my stay in the land of skyrim. This game is the kind of type game where it is not about the end its all about the journey. I have played a lot of rpgs in my day, and in most the quests have been bland and the main idea was to explore however this game can be both the quests are great, the story is great the map is amazing, Yeah there may not be as many random encounters like fallout, however when exploring you will allways find something new, and as we are pc master race we also get the privlage of mods that add alot more to the game which is amazing, i mainly enjoyed some of the modded quests, and horror quests. If you dont have this game by now f*cking buy it jez 10/10
game-hours: 650.0
review: It's like skyrim with skyrim. 11/10 IGN
game-hours: 320.6
review: Best Game i ever play with mods made by users, it's so much fun
game-hours: 255.0
review: Why are u reading my review when u could be playing skyrim?
game-hours: 89.6
review: This game truly deserves the title of "near perfection", being one of those rare milestones that comes every so often in years of gaming. Skyrim itself, is probably the best release from Bethesda's Elder Scrolls series. Story wise, this is one of the most developed storyline from the series, giving much enjoyment overall. In all honesty, we can say that the community is one of the most desirable aspect of Skyrim, due to their dedication in further releases of modifications - improving much of the overall gameplay (it never hurts to crank up those graphics). It would be a pity to not try Skyrim in the course of your lifetime, so it's advisable to go ahead and try it!
game-hours: 99.9
review: Say goodbye to your social life.
game-hours: 31.8
review: Skyrim? Yeah I played Skyrim. Picked it up when it launched on the Xbox 360 in fact. I must've put about 30 hours into it before deciding that I've seen it all. Let me break it down a bit. When I played Skyrim I did the following: I left my house, found a dungeon, grabbed the loot, sold it to the same handful of merchants (including my husband), and...that was it. Morrowind was surreal, wonderful, and just obtuse enough to be charming. With Skyrim, I felt like some cog in a Dwemer machine, trapped in an endless cycle of middling upgrades and a total lack of surprising events. I mean, for crying out loud, more dragons?! These jerks are worse than cliff racers. At the time I figured that I might as well play an MMO, at least then I could get some rare drops. So what happened? What's so different about the PC version that I would put 600+ hours into it? Do you really have to ask? Modding Skyrim is the equivalent of Alice in Wonderland. You don't get to walk up to the rabbit hole and peer over the edge. You certainly can't climb down, take what catches your interest, and climb out. No, you will fall in that hole. The only light you'll be seeing is through the dozens of mods that make up your sunny days in Skyrim. In the beginning you might pick through the mods available on the Steam workshop. A weapon here, a new set of armor, something that makes cows explode or sends people flying into space, you get the idea. But then you look at what other people are doing with their Skyrim. They've got the 4K textures, the dramatic ENBs, the glamour models with their noses just right. Now you may be thinking that you don't need all that garbage, and you probably don't. But you do. Next thing you know you're on the Nexus. It's been 10 hours and you haven't even started the game yet. Stability is the last word I'd associate with Elder Scrolls, and that's without piling on the mods. Getting your modded game to function is more engrossing than Skyrim itself. You've started the game, you're wandering around, and then...Crash To Desktop. What caused it? How do you fix it? Is there a way around it? Are you going to lose your saves? After a long enough period of time you eventually stop caring. My Skyrim is held together by old tape and chewing gum, and that's fine. Eventually you learn to stop caring about those precious game-saves. I'm going to spoil Skyrim: You are the most awesome. Everything you do is right and nobody dares to question you. Nobody will even do anything unless you're somehow involved. Sometimes being the most awesome is fun. It's escapism at its purest. A lot of other videogames tend to punish you with death. At worst, Skyrim inconveniences you. This game doesn't say "YOU DIED." or "HEY POOR PLAYER!" It just assumes you goofed up somewhere and loads your last save. There's something to be said about player-imposed difficulty, but it's hard work trying to be the least awesome. There's a phrase I like to throw around when discussing videogames: "Making the game yours." Usually this refers to playing games in a particular way, like a knife-only run in Resident Evil, or beating Megaman without any power-ups. It's not always about player-imposed difficulty either, it can be about creating an identity through playing. I remember reading about a Morrowind player who spent all of their time in the Ashlands. They'd camp out in a Chitin hut and hunt whatever beasts they happened to find. They made just enough from selling the carcasses to eke out a miserable existence while dealing with the constant ash storms. This doesn't sound appealing, but I have to respect the hustle. That person totally owns their game of Morrowind. When all of the rumors are true, and the player is always the most awesome, there's not a lot one can do to create their identity. This is especially apparent when every single guard you pass mentions something you could be doing (or have already done). Your alteration level could be so low that it couldn't levitate an earthworm, but that won't stop you from becoming an Archmage not long after stepping foot in the Winterhold College. I remember when being an Archmage was such hot  in The Bard's Tale, now it's just a title any Dragonbum can get. When everything in a game takes zero effort and the results are meaningless, why not just make the game in your image through modding? If anything this will lead to new challenges, more possibilities, and *gasp* unpredictability. When I play Skyrim, I play with the intent to fill it with as much crap as I can find, see if/when/how it breaks, and attempt to undo the damage with minimal losses. It's disturbingly compelling, and that's without discussing the mods themselves. I don't settle for being the most awesome, I want to become omnipotent. Only after I've constructed this world, filled it with all of the neatest toys, and prettied it up as much as my mediocre videocard will allow, do I actually play it. At this point I'm fine with being the most awesome, because I feel like I earned that right. This is the time I put some Genesis on, and zone out while exploring, decapitating, and working on that perpetually imperfect nose. Perhaps my comparison to Alice in Wonderland is a bit off. The way I remember it, Alice falls in the hole and arrives in Wonderland. With modded Skyrim; Wonderland is a neverending hole. Inevitably you'll get bored of tearing your game to pieces and putting it back together. You want to see where your curiousity will take you. You might go digging through hundreds of foreign websites to find that anime fighting-style, or ten gigabtyes of hair-styles. You could even find yourself in a lab. What it all comes down to is that Skyrim is what you make of it. The game is fine on its own. It's certainly not lacking for content, and even without thousands of visual-enhancing mods it looks decent. However, Skyrim becomes so much more simply through the act of modding. To me, this is the ultimate sandbox game, and will likely only be bested by Bethesda's next single-player RPG.
game-hours: 667.5
review: If you don't have this game, you're a dickless man.
game-hours: 648.1
review: This game is 10/10, because if giant troll bash you into right spot of your body, you can actually rocket yourself into space. No other words needed.
game-hours: 103.1
review: Longest single player game I've done my entire life- the hours just keep on rollin'. Recommend modding after vanilla =3
game-hours: 2811.4
review: There are many reasons why we play games. Some play games to experience a story, some play to compete with others and some play to have experiences they have never had otherwise in real life. Alot play games to escape into another world, and live completely different lives, and this is what drives Bethesdas Elder Scrolls series, a series that has excelled in creating complete virtual worlds, inviting the player to live parallel lives. Skyrim is the latest world offered by Bethesda to live in, and it seems like its Bethesdas finest accomplishment yet. Similarly to the two Elder Scrolls games before it, you start off as a prisoner, and this case you are on your way to be executed. Just before the axe greets your neck, a dragon appears and the entire army base you were in goes into disarray. You are set free after the incident, and it is up to you to find out why are the dragons appearing, and what is your role in the whole ordeal (hint: it rhymes with Shmagonborn). Bethesda displays such dedication to concept of open world that makes other open world games pale in comparison. Skyrim isnt just a series of buildings, environments and NPCs, it is the closest there is to virtual living world in a game. The sense of freedom found in Elder Scrolls is unparalleled, and Skyrim is the best implementation of this yet. The main quest is a minimal part of the game, and most of the fun comes from exploring the world built for you. As you go exploring dungeons, assisting NPCs with their problems, joining factions and reading ingame books, you realize what a dense world Skyrim is. It is compelling to learn more about Skyrim, about its citizens and about its politics, and the more you learn about, the more you are invested in the well being of the world. Through all the running around and exploring, you come across a wide range of missions to complete. The main mission is, as usual, the most interesting one, but the rest of the missions can be worthy, and they are necessary to help you know more about the world. You can complete missions for The Companions (Skyrims equivalent of the Fighters Guild) to understand how ingrained the warrior culture is in Skyrim, or join the Mages College and be looked down upon by Nords who believe that magic is for sissies. Even miscellaneous missions, such as simply standing up for a Dark Elf against a bunch of racist Nords can be satisfying. Standard fetch quests are to be found here and there, but there are far from being the norm. The games graphics have been talked about endlessly. Now, Skyrims graphics are great, with detailed textures and wonderful environments. Yet it terms of detail, they dont hold a candle to games like Rage and Battlefield 3. Yet Skyrim is nicer to look at than the aforementioned games, and that is because of Skyrims aesthetics. Bethesda knows that when it comes to graphics, art direction trumps fidelity, and in Skryim, the beauty of the world comes from its style. Part of the reason Morrowind is generally viewed as a much better game than Oblivion is because of its fantastical designs; while Oblivion came off as a standard European fantasy setting, Morrowind was a truly outlandish and exotic location that had its own unique identity. Skyrim returns with the art direction that made Morrowind so unique. While the location might not be as exotic as Morrowind, Skyrim it is exactly the blistering norse region that you would think is occupied by burly, war-faring people. The buidlings, the environments, the apparel, the weapons, the creatures, and even the music all give Skyrim its unique identity, an identity that is inspired by real-life Scandinavia, but is in no way identical to it. ~~~~~~~~~~~~ The combat, which is one of the weaker aspects in previous Elder Scrolls, is drastically improved here. While there is still the feeling that you are hacking away at empty spaces instead of making a real impact on your enemy, but its not as bad as it was in previous games. The biggest addition to the combat system is the double wielding, and it works great. You can go for a sword in each hand, a sword and spell, or two spells, one in each hand. I personally went sword and staff, Gandalf style. There is also a favorite menu for items, a feature that pauses makes it easier to equip items in game. This is designed to save you the hassle of going to the main item screen during the game, but it also gives a tactical quality to the combat, since the menu pauses the game and allows for quick equipment changes, which is helpful especially when fighting dragons. Dragons appear as random encounters throughout the game, and they are just as imposing as one would imagine dragons to be. You will die alot fighting them, and you would have to rely on myriad of tactics to fight them. A few hacks there, retreat to heal yourself, attack with destruction magic while the dragon is airborne, retreat again, and so on. Killing a dragon is immensely satisfying, and through killing dragons do you acquire new shouts. Shouts are another new combat feature; they are words in the dragon language which, when you say them, unleashes different attacks on your enemies, or gives you new powers. Shouts are a welcome addition to the games combat system, and further adds to the combats tactical quality. Now this is a Bethesda game, which means that bugs are abound. I have experienced a few unresponsive actions from NPCs, same crashes, and an axe suspended in midair. However, this is an area I cant criticize Bethesda much about. In a game of this size and scope, it is virtually impossible to spot all the bugs before release. To their credit, Bethesda is quick to releases patches that fix whatever issues gamers may have. We can also count on the mod community to tweek all the inconveniences out of the game. Bugs are abundant in the game, and players will experience at least one in every playthrough, yet for the most part, these bugs are miniscule and far from game breaking. Skyrim is like a music album that has a few tracks that you arent particularly fond of, but rest of the music is pure aural blliss that you cant help but think of the album as close to perfection as possible. I cant point to a single part of the game and say that is the best part; the entire game is an experience. It stays firmly rooted in Elder Scrolls gameplay, yet with enough improvements and additions (and subtractions) to make Skyrim stand on its own. After experiencing the vast, dense and incredibly detailed world of Skyrim, you cant help but snicker whenever another game is referred to as open world. Good: Vast yet incredibly detailed world, Incredible Depth, Interesting Story, Improved Combat System, Gorgeous Graphics and wonderful style Bad: Buggy, some standard 'fetch' missions Price: AED 9.5/10
game-hours: 30.1
review: C'mon, it's a Elder Scrolls Game. Of course you should buy it.
game-hours: 15.9
review: This is one of the best games I have played in my lifetime. And no, I'm not 11 years old... :p Add 40 years to that. Yes, 51. My life is extremely busy and video games have always been my number one activity to leave the standard world. The Elder Scrolls series of games has been one of the best sources of fun I have found and Skyrim is simply the best one of the series by far! Do download the DLC (Downloadable contents) right away as the latest DLC (Dragonborn) includes very potent aspects to the game as the ability to receive TWO perk points when reading ability books! BUT! Yes, there's a but. The game is so vast that there are some bugs... You need to play this with the Elder Scrolls Wiki
game-hours: 859.9
review: opened in a browser (ideally in a separate monitor) when playing to see the various issues with each quests or dungeons (like how not to completely mess up the "Blood on the Ice" quest so you can get to finally buy the somptuous Hjerim house in Windhelm). BUT number 2. Yes, there is another issue. You may SERIOUSLY consider adding a few "mods" to your game since they may fix some of the "bugs" mentioned. For exemple : adding the Dawnguard DLC will make Vampires appear and KILL potentially VITAL characters depending on the sort of build your are trying to achieve for your character! Geeez. You would think they would have thought of a way to hold these attacks until you start the quest? NO they didn't! But.... There's a "mod" that actually does this for you : preventing ALL vampire attacks (which may KILL city vendors and other characters) until you actually start the quest! Yep, this means, sorry lad, but you REALLY should take a stroll around the modding area, easily accessible in Steam by clicking the Workshop button under your PLAY button in the Games Library (once you've selected Skyrim). There are a few really cool mods I like apart from this one. One is called Run for your lives! And also makes all villagers run inside when there's a DRAGON attack. Again, preventing important characters from simply being wiped out before you get a chance to kill them yourself! :p Apart from that, the game is just insanely good... I have played it from beginning to end many times and still discover new things. :)
game-hours: 1066.1
review: say good bye to friends and family if you buy this game. honestly, even with its bugs, it is the best game I ever played.!
game-hours: 240.4
review: can steal from a merchant, then sell it back to him. 10/10 now on a serious note. skyrim is best value of your money that you will get in any game EVER. reasons is are mods. quest mods, graphic mods, weapons, npc, new spells, voice, animation, you name it theres a mod for it and will add to the game. there are several, hundreds of quest mods that add hours of extra gameplay and even new areas and dungeons. combat in this game is great. amazing if so. you will never find a fps game with sword, magic or bow as great as this. if first person isnt your style you can easily go to third person. ENB and graphic mods change the game completely to make it look like an entire different game that make it look like its a brand new game. i highly recomend this game with the dlc as they add new variety of items and new mechanics that the game can do. though for PC i highly HIGHLY recomend to get SKSE (skyrim script extender) and SKYUI for a PC friendly UI if youre not going to use a controller.
game-hours: 506.8
review: Imagine a game with incredible depth, unprecedented writing and an engrossing world. This is not that game. However you can shout at dragons and marry lizards, so get it anyways.
game-hours: 180.0
review: A great RPG. The Elder Scrolls V is, first of all, a huge open world, where you can find everything from robbers of all stripes to the dragons. Secondly, an interesting storyline and a lot of additional missions. Thirdly, this is a good graphics, and great soundtrack. My opinion 10/10.
game-hours: 288.2
review: Best...game...ever...!!
game-hours: 1248.3
review: You kill things...I mean that makes a game good right? Who would play a game that forces the player to make world peace....idiots... You see they give ya and sword and tell ya to make your own destiny...which involves killing...which is fun...then they stick dragons that move alot to kill...who would put a fast moving object into an epic killing game anyway? Least they gave us the courtesy to make them stay still once in a while...
game-hours: 7.3
review: This morning my dog took a sheeet on my neighbours lawn, then I had to clean it up. Also this game is pretty good.
game-hours: 784.1
review: This is the BEST GAME IVE EVER PLAYED IN MY LIFE
game-hours: 129.2
review: This game has it all. Once you start you'll never leave the land of Skyrim.
game-hours: 218.1
review: 200+ hours on record. About only half of what I put into Oblivion... but I think I liked Skyrim nearly twice as much in the end. There is only one Elder Scrolls series, and it keeps getting better. But not better than Morrowind... yet ;-)
game-hours: 18.6
review: STORY OF MY FIRST TIME PLAYING SKYRIM! I escaped a burning town which had just got destroyed by a dragon, I beat a bear to death with my bare fists, I find magical stones and a cave, I cross a river... I get swept away by the current, I think I saw a rabbit fall in the river too, but I never saw it again, I climb onto shore, I see a chicken, And i decide too kill it, Get attacked by 4 villagers. I died.
game-hours: 179.9
review: I miss my family
game-hours: 247.0
review: Skyrim is not the game people revere it to be. In order to review it, you'd need to point out several factors that weigh in Skyrim's favour. First factor being that you can mod it... VERY IMPORTANT FACTOR! Without mods Skyrim is a buggy mess with no depth to the combat nor much depth with the main story and characters. If you're not going to be modding the game, just playing it vanilla, then I recommend just playing through the different side quests and guilds/groups the game offers. They are much more fun than the main questline and have some nice rewards. Another factor in Skyrim's favour is that it's the only one of its kind. (Discounting the previous TES games, which are outdated. I'm talking strictly games that are popular today.) There is no other open world RPG game that offers as much as Skyrim with as good visuals, voice acting and functionality. (Although Skyrim is INSANELY buggy without mods.) You might be asking yourself why I recommend this game if I'm not stroking it's ego telling it that it's a big boy, and instead bad mouthing it. Well, it has a great modding community (bar the big floppy private parts mods) and an ever growing modding community too. It's a few years old now, yet still manages to pump out awesome mods at Skyrim mod nexus and on the Workshop. I love modding and playing this game, and personally think you'd be crazy to experience Skyrim without mods. TLDR: Skyrim isn't that great without mods, I like this game with mods. You might think differently, just my humble opinion.
game-hours: 359.5
review: For the people who: 1) Want DEPTH - A huge story behind every SINGLE quest. 2) Think the NPCs are 'garbage' because they don't react the way the 'should' when the Dragonborn does THIS or THAT. 3) Look for amazing & different ways of combat in order to kill your enemies. 4) Think it's too "repetitieve, shallow, bland dungeon crawler." 5) Want to add THOUSANDS of mods, not reading how to install them & then complain the game is trash because it CRASHES. This game is NOT for you. I enjoy this game very much & I think it's a REALLY GOOD game. It all depends on what kind of games you like & if you're too picky. Sure, this game is not perfect & has bugs, glitches, etc. But I'd like to see YOU developing a game like this or even BETTER. I'm sure people who don't have HIGH expectations will love the game as much as I do. Take your TIME exploring the places, doing the quests. Just add some mods if you need more action, be careful they don't conflict with each other & you're ready to go! (: 8/10
game-hours: 1444.1
review: One of the best games ever made, simply amazing, epic, awesome, magnificent !!!
game-hours: 361.5
review: In my honest opinion, this is the best RPG I've played so far, thrilling, challenging, can cause obsession. You have alot of mods you can choose from IF you get bored of the game itself, which it's unlikely to happen. RPG fans, shame on you if you haven't tried Skyrim yet.
game-hours: 29.4
review: killed a chicken and entire town came after me 10/10 lydia fell 100 feet and looked dead but when i checked again she got right back up. GOTY 11/10 its like skyrim without guns.
game-hours: 178.9
review: What can you say about Elder Scrolls series ? It's more popular than a picture of Jesus holding a pug with a bowtie, and rightfully so. Most of the series issues are countered by the fact that talented, sometimes downright disturbingly obsessive modding community probably modded them out and Skyrim is no exception. Even if you sink more than hundered hours in vanilla version, you can still find something you haven't done and want to do. Want to spend all your time force-pushing chickens around town ? Sure ! Wanna put buckets over NPCs faces while they're delivering important pieces of exposition ? You got it ! While I'm usually opposed to "make your own fun" kind of games, doing your own thing is bread and butter of Skyrim, and that's what makes it so popular. Yeah, it may be a bit more simplified (for the sake of accessibility) than older TES games and maybe enviroments and combat get a bit boring and repetitive after a while, but it all falls flat when you can summon 5000 wheels of cheese and roll them down the mountain on unsuspecting goats.
game-hours: 280.0
review: Not enough life to play ... 10/10
game-hours: 410.0
review: This game has been out for almost 3 years and I still find myself coming back to this game trying to explore every inch of skyrim. This game is never ending with all the mods that are avilable. 260+ hours on PC 350+ hours on 360
game-hours: 41.2
review: AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH KKKKKK THIS MUTHAING GAME IS SO ING GOOD. IT IS AN OLD GAME, BUT I FEEL LIKE REVIEWING IT ANYWAY, CAUSE IM ING HIIIIIIIGHHH THE GAME IS A BETHESDA GAME, SO YOU WOULD EXPECT IT TO BEE GOOD, AND BET YOUR , IT ING IS! THE GAME LANDS A SOLID 30+ HOUR MAIN STORY, WITH SO MANY MUDDAING SIDE QUEST, YOU'LL BARRICADE YO  IN WHATEVER ASSLICKING RAPEROOM YOUR COMPUTER IS STANDING, SO YOU CAN BUTT THE  OUTA THEM DRAGONSSSSSSSS +FLAWLESS STORY, ADAPTIVE OPEN WORLD FEELS LIKE YO  BE THE GUYS  IN THE GAME KICKING DRAGON ASSS +SO MUCH ING STORY THAT YOU'LL BE KICKING WALLS WITH TOOTHPICKS BETWEEN YOUR TONAILS +MODS BABY! YOU DONT NEED PORN ANYMORE +DID I MENTION DRAGONS??? +HUUUUUUUUUGE OPEN WORLD +SOUNDTRACK IS LIKE LISTENING TO GIRLS MOANING IN DRAGON LANGUAGE OR SOME , IT'S ING AWESOME -A MINUS? WHY THE  WOULD THIS BRILLIANT  GAME HAVE A MINUS? IF YOU DONT HAVE THIS GOD DAMN GAME YET, I WILL PERSONALLY STICK A BROOM UP YOUR , SIDEWAYS. 10 BILLION / 10
game-hours: 141.1
review: I wouldn't call this the ultimate game, but I would call it the ultimate timewaster. Skyrim was my companion through a couple of days with no internet. It was also one of the only games I had installed. One thing leads to another, you start to see achievements piling on achievements, and you get the idea, "Yeah, I can do this." What a fool I was.
game-hours: 62.5
review: Played it on 360 first, as most pc gamers know, pc ports are usually better, this is no exception. Amazing mods out there adding HOURS of content. Must buy.
game-hours: 27.7
review: I installed a mod that turned the chickens into mini nukes. Now Riverwood is nothing but a smoking crater 10/10
game-hours: 1612.8
review: (This review is a very long one. It actually is kind of an article between, a gameplay review, a "role-playing" guide, a mods compilation, and story of a character. If you are not intrested, I suggest you to pass it right away.) (Content is written all by me. Please do not distribute without permission.) The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, is undoubtedly one of the greatest PC games ever made, personally the single best RPG and open-world game I've seen. It is an unlimited digital source of pleasure for a lifetime FRP lover like myself. There really aren't many words to describe such perfection. First of all, best thing about Skyrim is the fact that, things you can do is literally endless. Content is literally endless. I am at around +2.000 hours of Skyrim gameplay (Also played it a lot before my Steam copy.), and everyday, I still keep discovering some totally new things. Vanillia game with DLC's, has at least over 2.000-2.500 hours of gameplay (Around 1.500 hours without any DLC's, maybe?), if you do nothing but quests. Endless number of mods you can apply, will make gameplay way, way longer. And again, this is only possible if you do nothing but quests; no sightseeing, fast traveling all the way, skipping lore, and forgetting about the identity of your character. Still, it's your choice to play Skyrim in the way you want. I have 3 characters, and I'll talk about one of them, whom I mainly play. (Vanillia content is more than enough to play 3 unique paths (except main storyline) for 3 seperate characters. You also can alter main storyline to a degree.). But first, I'd like to talk about mods which I actively use in all my characters (Plus, there are some particular ones for each character.)(No visual mods included.) - First of all, most indispensable mod for me, is probably the "Disable Fast Travel". I think that fast traveling absolutely ruins the game. I never fast traveled before (Neither in Skyrim, nor Oblivion. Morrowind didn't had it anyways. Damn, I love Morrowind.), never will, and I hate people who fast travels. Fast travel system is necessary as a result of overall demand to Skyrim, but when it's being used, that's half of the games beauty gone. Some people play it just for the other half anyways. - I very much like the "iNeed" mod, which adds a streamlined approach to needs. You need to eat, drink, and sleep once in a while, for full effectiveness of your character. It has some nice details, like for example, you can carry a flask, drink your water from it when you are thirsty, and fill it from any water source when depleted (Even from rain!). - Static Mesh Improvement, an amazing mod which replaces some plain textures with idea of adding a feel of third dimension, with actual 3D meshes. It adds a whole new level to details all around Tamriel. - SkyUI, a must-have interface overhaul - Cloaks of Skyrim - SkyrimSpeeds, speed adjustments - Improved Dragon Shouts - Command Dragon, for manual control - Alternative Crafting System, helps role-playing without abandoning your gear potential - ImmersiveFP, for first-person dragon & horse riding - A quality world map with all roads - Touring Carriages - FNIS, custom animations engine - And, Falskaar! It's an amazing mod, which adds a new quest line, a huge new map, and a very solid lore. Very professionally done, almost like an official DLC. The character I want to talk about, is my female dragonborn assassin, last member of the Dark Brotherhood, and guildmaster of Thieves Guild. She's the character that I played the most, although she's not the character I first created, or beat the main storyline. I beat the main storyline with my mage for the first time, and I wanted continue as an assassin, created her. After completing the Unbound quest (Which is the very first quest.), I literally quit the main storyline, and completed The Dark Brotherhood and Thieves Guild storylines (Yea, you can do that. You literally can complete almost every side quest in Tamriel without touching the main story.). By the time I return to the main storyline, I already was a master assassin, (Skyrim has an NPC progress system; it doesn't let you level up more than usual before story, and one-shot every NPC. You'll still have an adventage tho.), so I progressed through it at ease (Except the dragon parts, where I needed to go head-on.), and I completed it, as she completed her personality. She's not a type of assassin without honour, she's not like killing random people just for money/fun, or she's not using her dragonborn powers for personal gain (Spidey-philosophy), instead, she actually delivers justice, and avenges the downtrodden. She's more like Batman, The Dark Knight, except the killing part. And all that Thieves Guild, 'stealing' part, is also like the phiolosophy of Robin Hood, or at least the Cat Woman. In the end, she's a very righteous character, in her own way. I completed a billion small quests, and some big ones like Civil War and The Companions storyline (Actually, all the big ones as far as I know.), and married with Aela (Yep, Aela is a female. Yep, I'm a female. Yep.) before heading to Dawnguard DLC. I've completed Dawnguard as a vampire. I got cured afterwards, but I'm still not sure about being a vampire, since it actually fits the concept of her being a master assassin hiding in shadows, but there are too many downsides; I won't ever be using the Vampire Lord form, since it's totally irellevant with my character, and I don't like its benefits/aesthetics anyways. After that, Dragonborn came out, and I also finished it, which actually fits perfectly to her personality, since the purpose is (kind of) assassinating a corrupt leader as the only assassin (because of being a dragonborn) who can do it, and became a complete Dragonborn. Since then, I'm traveling short distances with Shadowmere, and long distances on a dragon (Not dragon fast-travelling, I'm navigating manually.). I do some unusual things in my spare time in Skyrim, which many can find weird, but I enjoy a lot. For example, I have some favorite places (Which I won't be sharing. Be assured, finding your own places would be much more satisfying.), I sometimes toggle off the running mode, and randomly walk at these places again and again, for hours, never getting bored. I also find books in Skyrim very exciting (There are countless in-game books which you can read. Each one of them are written exclusively, with its unique content.), I have a great intrest in collecting and reading them, and I actually find some of them way more intriguing than many 'popular' real books. Some of which I can recommend: Rising Threat (4 volumes), The Wolf Queen (8 volumes), Kolb and the Dragon (That's probably my favorite book in the game. Not in terms of its story, but it is actually a "choose-your-own-adventure" type of book.), The Black Arrow (2 volumes), A Dance in Fire (7 volumes). As a side note, in my honest opinion, books in Oblivion were better... Before finishing, here are some mods that I use especially for my assassin: - The Dance of Death, a kill-move mod - Higher Jump - Martial Arts - Realistic Crime Radius - Throwing Weapons Redux - Faction Crossbows - Stealth Immersion And, I suppose, that's all. In terms of characters, as you can see, making a character totally unique is pretty simple, it's just a matter of will. Skyrim, or any game for that matter, can only provide you the visualization and tools of role-playing; you have to use your imagination for an advanced FRP experience. And in terms of gaming perspective, you now should have an idea about how I feel about Skyrim, and you probably figured out how different you can approach to the game. In the end, conclusion is actually pretty short, and simple: Skyrim is a must, must, must, MUST have game, and a masterpiece to experience, just like a Mozart concerto, a Shakespeare play, or a trip to one of 7 Great Wonders of the World.
game-hours: 19.3
review: Skyrim is the best Elder Scrolls game so far, with the expansions it has gotten even better. I felt that ESIII: Morrowind brought more to the table for its time than ESIV: Oblivion but believe this game has done even more. I have enjoyed it on console, on PC and gone through the DLC which is worth the extra cash. The only thing missing is co-op/multi player but Elder Scrolls Online is running now, although I wish they would have done things a little differently on that game.. Even if your not an Elder Scrolls fan or follower the game is a nice play as it allows you to customize yourself and play in many styles to allow a change up. I did have a few technical issues following the main quest line but just shifted to side quests and other things until I found out how to fix my save. They could have done a litle better on updating to debug some of the common issues or allowed a form of abandoning quests to reset them. Overall I'd say 9.5/10 for what it is as I can't complain about missing features that just weren't supposed to be in the game although I think they coulda just put out a co-op patch/expansion to allow us to play with 1 friend or something which would have enhanced the gameplay alot and expanded the games popularity.
game-hours: 271.9
review: WALLH L3ABH 6RRRRRRR
game-hours: 229.0
review: 10/10 "Like Fallout without guns" -Machinima
game-hours: 153.7
review: There are fresh tomatoes in this game.
game-hours: 33.1
review: If your friends dont like/love skyrim you should stop being friends with them you dont need that negativity in your life.
game-hours: 2406.4
review: Always fun, the ever growing community additions insure that this game will remain popular and engaging for years to come, just don't shoot yourself in the knee.
game-hours: 75.7
review: The Elder Scrolls V:Skyrim is for me one the best RPG games that I've played. This game is briliant in many ways, the graphics are pretty decent on the year, when the game was released (ofcourse there are many retexture mods that can improve the looks of the game). Combat is pretty sweet too, You can choose which class You want to play and You can combine them in the way You want it. This game with beautiful open-world, many quests, many adventures, and a lot of more great content can give You the best role-playing game experience..
game-hours: 35.1
review: The way I see Elder Scrolls series: it's not about beating the game, it's about travel. My first one was Morrowind. I've played Oblivion, but didn't really pay attention to it and I bough Skyrim pretty cheap. So far, eight hours in the game, this is the biggest, most complete, wonderful ES game for true adventurers. You don't play to win, you play to travel, you play to read books, you play to enjoy it through and through. A RPG game like no other, if you didn't play ES games before, get Skyrim and forget about this ugly world we live in...
game-hours: 180.5
review: Skyrim (Base Game) - REVIEW What is there to say about this game? Where do I even begin to tackle this monstrosity that has taken me on my 1st playthrough 141 hours just to finish the Skyrim base-game? We're not enough counting the DLC's here...yet! The Elder Scrolls (TES) is 1 of those series that are loaded w/ tons + tons of content, offering up an insane amount of value + "bang for your buck". To experience all of it at once - IMHO, at least for me, that's probably not the wisest ideas. This game has so many different storylines, quests, areas to explore, factions, things to do (i.e. get married) - it's a game you play for numerous hours until you've hit that wall (i.e. "I need a break for a while"); just go away from for a bit; & then it calls you back for more. Very few games do this to me - Test Drive Unlimited 2; Far Cry 3; + Skyrim all come to my mind here. Class systems are gone here in Skyrim. Just practice the attributes you want to want to improve (i.e. sneak around, improve that skilll; swing a 1-handed sworded and hit someone, that improves; cast a spell from a certain school, that improves, etc); + select new abilities from those attributes to learn at level-up time. Since you're constantly improving your attributes + leveling-up like there's no tomorrow, this can be addictive - think like that Diablo-like kind of addictive. Skyrim has improved in numerous ways over its predecessor. Graphically, on the technical side, the game is much better than Oblivion. Girls actually do look more so like girls (in the face, namely), this time around - thanks for finally getting this right, Bethesda; it took you long enough! While many of the game areas are nowhere as crazy + interesting as Oblivion's Shivering Isles expansion (my favorite area in any TES game since starting in the series w/ Morrowind). These lands have a Nordic influence on them + most of them truly do look fantastic. Likely, if you see an area way out in the distance, there's a great chance - you can go there + explore it completely, which is fantastic. Combat here has improved & is a bit more visceral than Oblivion - but, when compared to others, it certainly is still a little bit clunky (like most TES games) + does not rival the combat of other games like Kingdom of Amalur: Reckoning + Dark Souls (those games certainly do specialize in combat) - it's still pretty good here in Skyrim. One thing that's new - you can now dual-wield weapons; can even wield magic in one hand, a weapon in another; dual-wield different magic spells in each hands; and/or even dual-wield the same magic spell (for double the power). Simply put - these are great additions to this game's combat system. NPC's in the game-world actually have taken a page right out of the Gothic play-book, as you will see NPC's doing things to immerse you into the world - i.e. blacksmith sharpening blades with equipment; NPC's acting on schedules + doing things together on their own; + things of that natures. As usual, there's even more books added to read, for those who want to dwelve into the ever-expanded + ridiculously-sized Lore of the series. The main story here is this - dragons have returned to Skyrim, you're to meet a certain group of people to fulfill your destiny as the Dragonborn (a human that can learn dragon skills), learn Dragon-style shouts, & take the Dragons out once + for all - which is typical fantasy stuff. While the main quest is decent enough + is solid, it really feels like it's just another quest in the game - like many of the main quests in Elder Scrolls base-games since Morrowind. While Bethesda is no BioWare + no Obsidian when it comes to generating fantastic narrative, prose + dialogue - where Bethesda succeeds over just about every other of the game companies is creating insanely huge playgrounds that have a good deal normally going on w/ tons to accomplish, if you like what you're doing. Trust me - this is another addictive sandbox from Bethesda, in which you won't know how to let go of for a while or after being away for a while, it will eventually get you coming back for more. While not everything here is a home-run, there are also many good-to-great plots + storyline strings here - such as the Thieves Guild's quest-line + especially Dark Brotherhood quest-lines, that I don't even know where to begin. Skyrim will generate some random quests on its own, which often do wind-up in the Misc section - which could keep you going for a long time. As if the base-game couldn't do that enough already, making this game such a time-sink - throw in also that the game ships w/ the Toolkit these days & the ridiculous amount of mods out there b/c this series has an extremely heavy modding community + fanbase - you could live for 100's of hours in Skyrim, even long well after it takes finishing the insane amount of content that Bethesda has already provided. If there's something about Skyrim you don't like - i.e. the UI isn't that great, again; even though it's improved immensely over Oblivion - trust me, there's a mod out there to fix your issue w/ the game. For example - SkyUI Mod vastly improves + fixes Bethesda's UI-system immesely. By offering up a huge sandbox & an insane amount of things to do (from questing to exploring) here, Skyrim succeeds in proving again why Bethesda + their Elder Scrolls is 1 of the best - if not, the best - at providing addictive time-sink RPG's. Bethesda yet again offers up the kitchen sink here; I'll certainly drink to that + from that. RPG fans looking to get lost for 100's of hours, it's almost impossible to rival what Bethesda does in their games - & that's especially true here in Skyrim. Simply put - another RPG masterpiece from Bethesda. Final Grade = A+
game-hours: 185.7
review: It's like Skyrim but with Skyrim.
game-hours: 75.7
review: I helped a child kill an elderly lady, that ran an orphanage. 10/10
game-hours: 118.8
review: In what other game can you be a werewolf with 6 wives? 10/10
game-hours: 203.2
review: Break the game after modding in everything from nicer weather to unoffical gameplay dlc's. And naked people, of course. Loot everything thats not bolted down, enjoy varied foods ranging from delicious cooked veggie soups to fresh picked giant's toes. Marry your housekarl. Realize after sprawling around in this giant sandbox for 30 hours that you still haven't done a thing to progress your main quest.
game-hours: 132.5
review: "Its like Skyrim with swords and bows" -IGN 10/10
game-hours: 283.6
review: spawned 1000 sweetrolls in Whiterun and got crushed by them 10/10 goty
game-hours: 349.9
review: If this game were a potato, it would be a bacon-wrapped potato.
game-hours: 186.3
review: Conclusion on why this game is worth buying: 1. Delicious sweetrolls. 2. Space program with the giants. 3. CABBAGES. 4. Hide and seek with the dead. 5. Chicken. 6. Physics-defying horses. 7. Have I mentioned cabbages? 8. Fresh products in ancient caves/dungeons. 9. Totally-not-annoying immortal children. 10. Mmmm skooma mmmmm 11. FUS RO DAH!!
game-hours: 183.6
review: I spent over 70 hours playing and still haven't met the Greybeards. 9/10
game-hours: 112.7
review: Don't do it, your life will slowly start to disappear 10/10 Game of the Year
game-hours: 122.2
review: Downloaded Naked Girls Mod, Some Awesome Armor and Houses Mods and Curvy Girls Mod and Prostitution Mod and Some Fantasy Armors mod. 11/10 Would Fap again.
game-hours: 160.9
review: 10/10 Ruined my life.
game-hours: 5.4
review: I got Master Chief as a follower and gave him Dante's (Devil May Cry) robes. We then fought in an epic battle of Reds and Blues. We ended the day by getting on a Broom and flying off into the sunset. 10/10
game-hours: 55.0
review: Best mod simulator on the market.
game-hours: 227.1
review: There is so many ways to play this game, and so many things to explore that I could have easily put in another 200+ hours had I not completed all the achievements. If you don't like grinding, theres plenty to do. If you like grinding, build a house. Or three...
game-hours: 192.8
review: i never thought skyrim is this much fun with advantures, if i knew it back then i would have bought it when it first come out. im so addicted playing skyrim but then i took an arrow to the knee <3---(knee)---<<<
game-hours: 118.7
review: One of the best games ever, period. If you don't own Skyrim already, open your wallet right now and buy it!
game-hours: 195.1
review: Best game ever! Love It.
game-hours: 71.9
review: So, What do we say about ' The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim '. No words to describe it, Buy it, Play it, Beat it, Mod it, Play again, Lose your social life, Repeat everyday. - Rules of Skyrim 2014
game-hours: 256.5
review: 10/10 Would Mod again One of the best experiences I have had during my many gaming experiences,  the game was so amazing on console I was forced to buy it again on pc, and thats saying somthing due to the fact that half the fun in this game is to see how much you can mod the  out of it until it crashes your poor little pc. Do yourself a favor if you have not tried this game out go an buy it and hopefully have as much fun with it as I have.
game-hours: 142.9
review: Skyrim is easily one of the best games of this generation. Its one of the games that you get as much out of as you put in. Its also one of the games you play exactly how you want to play. You can choose to ignore the main story immediately after beginning or play through the quests like a linear action adventure game. Speaking of quests, theres an awful lot of them. The main story is centred on the return of dragons to the world. Pretty soon, you find out you are the legendary Dragonborn, a man or woman with the ability to consume dragon souls. Its your job to find out why the reptiles have returned and try and protect the world from this new menace. two thumbs from me! because the game deserves it.
game-hours: 263.7
review: This game is honestly the best game I've played. I've sat down and played countless hours on the elder scrolls games but this tops it off. A great follow up and so much better than elder scrolls online that was recently released as the next in the series. If you are skeptical of this game still I'm not done yet. There are thousands of hours of modding put in by a dedicated modding community that adds around 1000+ hours of new content just by using the mods from the workshop, if youve looked at the workshop and it doesnt look big with only 10,000 mods, you have the nexus with over 30,000 that adds so much to your game and if you have complaints there is a mod for it that changes it and makes your experience amazing and fully immersive. The game challenges you to patience and choosing the right moment to do things and it really adds in an immersive way of living in the elder scrolls with full ability to extend your abilites in the largest scale open world map ever made. You can slaughter a city of the rebels - the stormcloaks, or delve deep into dungeons recovering powerful artifacts that can help you on your way to the top of the chain. As your progress your story the way the people of skyrim treat you differentiates, you can slay a dragon and they start to say "Youve slain a few dragons in your time" Or when you become the whisperer of the dark brotherhood you find npcs every so often that use the dark brotherhood greeting "hail sithis". There is a whole new experience to everything you have ever experienced in a game. Buy the game.
game-hours: 3186.9
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is an epic fantasy RPG games where you can countless of hours in-game. You want to be an Archer? Grab a bow + heaps of arrows and start shooting people like a boss! You want to be a Swordsman? Wield or dual wield the countless amount of weapons in Skyrim and start slashing peoples! You want to be a Sneaky Basterd? Level up your One-handed, Sneaking, Speech, Lockpicking & Pickpocketing and you can be silent as f*ck killing people and grab their $$$ or talk your way through to get things go down your way! In this game, you imagine what you cannot achieve in real life. The world is massive, the mechanism is flawless and there's infinite amount of quest that you can do in this game. Of course there's bug here and there but in its way, this game is fun to play. Don't forget the amount of mods already available today. After 3 years of its release, this game is still living and mod is one of many reasons Skyrim still one of the most played game. I myself play this game with using mods that increase immersive such as RnD and I imagine being a Solo-Player like Kirito with Elucidator & Dark Repulser. Do what you want, be what you want. Welkommen to Skyrim!
game-hours: 192.3
review: Shouted a goat off a cliff 10/10
game-hours: 179.8
review: I don't care what anyone says, Skyrim is one of the greatest games I have EVER played, I have dedicated SOOO much time into it, (Yes i know on my profile it says I haven't played it for all THAT long but I never really played it while connected to the internet so yeah) There was a time when I would play skyrim for close to 12 hours a day (yep sure did take my life away from me) It was actually my very first steam game. After dedicating even more time in TES IV Oblivion, I eventually got Skyrim in 2012 and I will admit that after creating all kinds of characters I did eventually get tired of it, that was until I discovered MMOxReview on Youtube (Great guy, check him out :)) I then started modding my skyrim game, and a once Great game turned into something legendary... Now to be honest I wasn't all THAT fond of the Main quest, BUT the thieves guild and Dark brotherhood in these games has always really inspired me, I just wish they could have made them both longer :( Unfortuantly I have never played the expansions for Skyrim seeing as though I can't afford it :( Yeah i know, sad isn't it, But that hasn't stopped me from playing Skyrim over and OVER again... TES Online... let's just say I probs will never play it because I just don't really like the looks of it. And I am VERY keen for TES VI (I think it is going to be set in Hammerfell) Please tell me if you would like me to write a guide for this game, I am quite happy to and I promise I won't use any of that noob language if i do. I highly recommend this game, I give it a score of 9.5/10 Have a nice day ;)
game-hours: 184.3
review: The anticipations were Very high for this game months before it's release, maybe even months before this game even had it's first piece of gameplay shown. Reason being it's successful predecessor The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion. A game that soley revolutionized the western RPG scene completely, with true next generation graphics and depths. Going even further back we have yet another giant and just an astonishly beautiful and incredible game - The Elder Scrolls III: Morrowind. I can not begin to explain The Elder Scrolls to someone who never heard about it. The last 3 games have all recieved Game of the Year's and been just hands-down, non-negotiable, best selling and mind-blowing epic games. It is hard to talk about any individual Elder Scrolls game without mentioning any of the other games and the bigger picture. All the latest Elder Scrolls games are in the top 5 of my favorite games of all time, ALL THREE OF THEM. Hell, The Elder Scrolls series is better than the Half-Life series... Have you any idea what that means? How much confusion this causes to my beloved Half-Life? No you don't. These games are better than the best. One more paragraph of how awesome Elder Scrolls are before getting to Skyrim. These games keep my up at night, I dream of them by day, they make me smie, they make me cry, I love them, I hate them, they change me, they leave me, I conquer them, I resign to them, they are my soul, they are my heart, We are one. Oh Tamriel, why are you a fictional world? Why are you not real, I long for you, I live inside of you, from Vvardenfell to Summerset Isle, from the great glaciers of Skyrim to the cursed realm of Oblivion, from Fargoth the Bosmer to the Adoring Fan. If I ever truly worship something, it got to be The Elder Scrolls. You are my drug. Skyrim is the weakest of them. It's Morrowinds and Oblivions little sister. Yet it is the most popular one, how is that possible? Well there's just something about dragons, isn't there? An RPG with dragons is always an RPG with DRAGONS! Flying immortal beasts that breathe fire and are legends with the Gods themselves. Skyrim got very successful thanks to that console generations drought and the lack of good games to play, also because all Elder Scrolls games are being successful surprises. With at least 5 years in between each game the fan base have had a good long while to linger in their despair and demands, giving growth to something called Hype (Good example: Half-Life 3). I will never get to the actual game itself, will I? It's a western RPG! What else is there to say, expect role-playing with normal sized swords and not some Japanese bananza. You are set in the province of Skyrim, which is not the most northern one, but it sure as hell feels like it. Skyrim is like the opposite of a really good book, instead of giving you a story and the rest is up to your imagination - like books do. Skyrim gives you the imagination and you ARE the story, you play the Dragonborn, a son of Dragons, of Septim. The rest is up to you. Skyrim does not feel like home, oh no, you are in a hostile world where you constantly feel threatened. The key thing in Skyrim is the atmosphere, there is nothing quite like it. Same goes for all Elder Scrolls - again. So much visually appealing flora and architecture, a living world with animals and creatures roaming about. Then there is the Extremely in depth story that only the true fans will explore. Who were the Akaviri? What lies beyond Tamriel? what happened to the Dwemers? Nerevarine? Is Kvatch rebuilt? Is the Adoring Fan finally dead? Is Azura the best Godess Ever? etc. Questions that will live on through all games to come, questions that never can be truly answered because that would break the rules. You, whomever you choose to be, will slowly get used to this hostile world as you expore the story and build your own. Kill stuff, get loot and level up. Focus on Health, Stamina or Mana - depending on your class build; Brute force, Striking Speed or Cunning Magic. As you choose your path, you will encounter people to lead you and people to stop you, join the appropriate guild and do side quests. Take sides, fight battles, even fall in love and get married, buy or build (Hearthfire) a house, adopt a child. Encounter the most mythical of creatures - Spriggans, Werewolves, Giants, Vampires (Dawnguard). Use Shouts to cause only the havok Dragons can, or spend your time stealing from the rich and give to... yourself? In the end, you will stand all mighty and look upon yourself, like an author looks upon his work. You will look back on the days of struggle, on the days of joy - and you will realize that it's far from over. You will spend hundreds of hours in Skyrim, because that's what you are meant to do. Hopefully you will have more questions than ever when you leave the game aside. You will use this hunger to explore other worlds and look upon your real life and use the fictional beauty to define... What the  am I talking about?
game-hours: 44.7
review: Buy it, mod it, play it, grow addicted to it, forget about it, start playing it again, and see your life fall before your very eyes once again.
game-hours: 169.0
review: Wow! I spent almost 200 hours playing Skyrim and that was without any DLC. Excellent value for money. If you are a completionist and enjoy doing side-quests then this is the game for you. There is so much to do it is almost overwhelming, but an excellent map system can always keep you on track for your chosen quest. Brilliant game.
game-hours: 1016.4
review: Wow. What happened to my life? 10/10
game-hours: 11.1
review: My motto for this game: Mod it until it crashes
game-hours: 171.1
review: Before Skyrim, there was Oblivion. It was flawed, unbalanced, dated and had DLC for horse-armour, and yet it was still loved because despite these things, it was still one of the best games of this genre. Skyrim is Oblivion but without the bad bits. I still don't understand why there aren't more games like this. You are let loose in a massive open world and are allowed to do what ever you want. The closest games to it would be MMOs or Grand Theft Auto, but Skyrim is a single-player experience. You'd think that this would make it lifeless and unrewarding, but you couldn't be more wrong. The entire world is lovingly hand-crafted. Every character you see had to be placed there. They had their face, personality and clothing picked by a developer of this game... and then you're free to come along and end their life with one slash of a blade. Or not. The choice is yours. I didn't expect much from this game. I had kind of seen through Oblivion and it became lifeless for me, and I thought that since this was constrained by the same hardware that it wouldn't be a large leap, but I was so wrong. I couldn't wait to explore every crag and valley simply for the sake of it, accompanied by the amazing LOTR-style soundtrack. I happily gobbled up the quests and have had countless exciting memories of this game where I've accidentally picked a fight with some one bigger than me, or where the game glitches out spectacularly. What ever happens, it's a joy to behold. Even if you're not a fan of this sort of genre (come on, who isn't? The Elder Scrolls games are a genre in their own right!) you need to play this game. Get it when it's cheap and you'll more than get your money's worth, even if you only play a fraction of what there is to see and do. You can live a virtual life as a fisherman, merchant or fighter and unlike the older games which required a bit of imagination to pull off, this one has the depth and complexity required to make it enjoyable. The down-sides? The dragons are too easy to defeat, though this game has since been patched to include harder ones. You'll hate it when somebody dies through no fault of your own (damn you, radiant AI!) and you're left with an empty shop where you once purchased your stuff. You'll end up with far too much in your inventory as you plunder tombs and your companions become more of a burden than a help as you level up, transforming into mules to carry your rubbish as you battle against the undead. But really, who is going to be reading this review without an idea of what this game is like? Who hasn't seen the thousands of mods available for free for this game? They make the vanilla 100's of hours of gameplay turn into 1000's. You'll have no life for weeks after picking this game up! In short: buy this game.
game-hours: 138.1
review: This game is Masterpiece from the Bethesda. My favourite open world RPG game especially with the amount of mods available. Mod it till it crashes. xD Great game.
game-hours: 91.4
review: I have leave my Girlfriends for this
game-hours: 67.5
review: Skyrim is by far the best video game There is so much freedom so much exploring and you can always find something to do in this game. The graphics are incredible which leads to incredible landscape views all the around the world. There is plenty of things to fight, places to go and things to find. There is also hundreds of items in the game . The game is very complex so you may think it is hard to learn but when I played for the first time I got the feel for the game in only days! and most i like the mod especialy the kaboobies ;p I highly recommend this game!
game-hours: 144.4
review: best RPG ever played !!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 13.7
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim has got to be one of the most worked on games of 2011 and 2 years on, it still doesn't fail to impress. The amazing work put into the game has definitly paid off with hours upon hours of things to do. The game works amazing on every platform from PS3, Xbox and PC. As I have experienced from the console versions, the loading screens take quite a long time and there are many glitches that happen every time you play. This is 100% different with the PC version as the loading screens are very quick, even on the top graphics settings and the glitches are much less frequent. Pros: - Amazing graphics - Amazing stroyline - A high selection of weapons - Amazing character interface - Easy to use controls - Large amount of side quests Cons: - A few glitches I would give The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim a well earned 10/10!
game-hours: 30.8
review: Good Open World RPG... Has the feeling like u really are in Skyrim. This makes it wonderfull. Later in the game. It will get a bit borring.. But who cares!
game-hours: 67.0
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is one of those games that ultimately grants you the freedom to do the things that you can only do in your imaginative mind. For example, you can kill people in bars, villages, castles, stands, anytime you want, however you want. Killing by doing a finishing touch is my favorite part of the game. You can have a pet, wife, build a house and do a lot of varied things. Though what makes this game better is the mods, you can do tons of things with it and do a lot of hilarious crap, stunts, sex, movie scenes and other crazy stuff. This game just never ends and there's always things to do even if you don't want to do quests. Dragons, monsters, spirits, horses, women, potatoes, and stealing things craftily are all huge features in the game. Now, finally, don't be like me who waited to buy this game on sale and not pay the full price of it. Because it is definitely worth your money!
game-hours: 158.7
review: the first time I approached a giant it gave me a demo of kerbal space program. would fu ck this game if I could . 10/10 would fly to the stars with a giant again.
game-hours: 155.4
review: Gorgeous! Wonderful! Just perfect!! Definitely the game for the year 2011 and one the best games i've ever played. Bunch of complex missions, infinite sub missions, a huge and marvellous map to explore, awesome fights, great weapons to upgrade and so on...You must play this game!!
game-hours: 2.5
review: Go cast your fancy spells some where else
game-hours: 34.1
review: i got to eat cheese in the middle of a Battle. best game ever 10/10.
game-hours: 34.8
review: Do I really have to write a review? This game is flipping amazing
game-hours: 418.6
review: I've been a fan of The Elder Scrolls series for a while, and I think Skyrim is definitely a worthy addition to that line of games. Skyrim is a huge, immersive, lore-filled, immense world full of character. You can explore, fight, collect, or just wander around like a tourist taking screenshots. Even after playing for a couple of years, I still constantly find new places to explore and new experiences to be had. Everything about this game is extremely detailed and well thought-out, from the crafting system to the player homes, from dungeon layouts, to the races of the different NPCs you encounter and the way they use their culture to express themselves in their clothing, armor, weapons, homes, and towns. If the hundreds of hours offered by the game itself isn't enough, there are literally thousands of mods for Skyrim, offering everything from texture enhancements to full cinematic lighting effects. There are hours and hours of additional fan-made quests and storylines, in addition to the three official DLC expansions offered by Bethesda. New NPCs, pets, followers, houses, towns, armor, weapons, food, ingredients -- you can probably find a mod to change or add to almost any aspect of Skyrim. In this way, you can keep the game fresh and new, even after hundreds of hours of play. If you break it down to dollars spent per hour played it's probably one of the best deals in gaming.
game-hours: 140.9
review: KILL ALL THE DRAGONS!
game-hours: 242.7
review: fired an icicle into a moose b-hole. 10/10, would visit canada again.
game-hours: 248.4
review: Best game ever played
game-hours: 14.9
review: aidimas paverges mane nuo 2002m, tais metais pasaul ivyds Morrowind prikaust mane prie ekrano daugyb valand. Tai aidimas kuris pakeit mano poir apie RPG andr, aidimas dl kurio pamilau RPG andr. Sekanioji dalis Oblivion buvo stulbinanti kokia tiktasi ir inoma penktoji dalis Skyrim ne imtis. Puiki istorija, stulbinanti grafika, nepakartojama aidimo atmosfera, sek i kartos  kart ir taip pat Skyrim gausus i savybi. aidimas nuo 2002m neapleidiantis geriausio RPG aidimo pozicij. io aidimo tiesiog nereikia apibdinti, jis nepakartojamas. Mano balas 10/10 // This game is too awesome to describe. The Elder Scrolls my favourite franchise. My rating 10/10
game-hours: 39.5
review: Skyrim is amazing, defiantly recommend for medieval lovers. Here is a poem I wrote about Skyrim! Skyrim the sky was blue, it was true snowy mountains, huge lands the one who seeks adventure didn't know what he had inside what he could do, with the power could he fly, could he reach the sky no, but he was the dragonborn the one and only who could defeat the ancient ones the ones who could fly, glide and attack track their foes, eat their toes the dragonborn can intake their soul he can kill any sort of troll sword slashing, kicking and bashing loot the things you have killed sell the items, receive money and then buy a bunny burn a chicken, raid a house be stealthy like a tiny mouse get married or become a wizard like Harry Potter level up by doing quests to become the best but now you're crying because the villager was lying then you come back into reality and realise it`s only a game!
game-hours: 166.8
review: Amazing game ! endless hours of gameplay and quests with loads of in game roleplaying potential. you can buy a house settle down with a wife ,pillage towns,pickpocket kings, teebag guards i would recomend this game to anyone. And with the dawn guard dlc the infinate world of skyrim just got bigger ! in this amazing free roaming adventure. world of advice "Dont become a vampire !" (well unless you want people trying to kill you all the time) this amazing game will challenge you with traps and puzzles and from a horrific monster down to a lowly skever it captures the minds of children and adults alike. wow ! i have lost so many hours playing this wonderous game unlimited potenital and a diverse range of weapons ranging from a bow and arrow to a fireball and staff exellent role playing compatibility, and praticaly endless quests and fun to be honest :)
game-hours: 207.4
review: I got killed by a pot after getting a 1000 bounty from killing a chicken. 11/10
game-hours: 20.3
review: I made porn of this game! 12.5/10
game-hours: 305.1
review: This game is not a "love it or hate it", it's a "love it AND hate it". Sometimes while playing I think to myself: "This is THE game, it's just a dream come true, is it real?", but the next moment it might change to: "This is the most stupid waste of time I've ever paid for". First of all, it is HUGE. It is enormous. I've done 300 hours into it and I'm still in the middle of the main quest. It's got everything: fights, spells, potions, horses, dogs, children, marriages, dragons, clothes, bookcases, treasure maps, grocery stores, pagan worshipping, war, armageddon, waterbreething, dead naked sorceresses in bikinis, mysterious ancient civilisations, glowing mushrooms, mammoths, zombies and lots, lots, lots of bugs. It is very beautiful, especially at night, when you see the northern lights shining, but also very ugly when the low and high resolution textures are messing up in front of you. It's got so many quests, tasks, characters and places, I think even developers don't know them all. It is a gem for those who like to explore and discover the territory for themselves. Each cave has something in it, each ruin might conceal a secret, each village might have a mystery to uncover. The freedom of choice given to the player is unnatural. You can be a werewolf, a vampire, a mage, a warrior, an archer, a thief, an assassin, a blacksmith, a miner, an alchemist, on top of the dragonslayer and The Chosen One, and most of that you can be at the same time. This schizophrenic development of the character results in a no less chaotic gameplay. You have swords, bows, daggers, maces, spells, magic staffs, magic scrolls, and dragon shouts, all of which you can use as weapons. You meet all sorts of enemies and you're free to deal with them by any means you prefer. There is no special weapon for a giant. You don't really have to use spells against a mage. Moral choices are also a blur. There is no "proper" or "right" way, really, you just do stuff and get stuff happen as a result. It's not a bad thing to use conjuration spells, necromancy is not punishable, poisons are as legal as healing potions, there is no white or black magic. Sometimes it's impossible to understand if you're doing good or bad. I think the only thing that stops freedom from being absolute is the quests. If developers would remove the quest lines as such, turning them into a mass of random tasks you can perform in any sequence, at any time (and preferably at any place with any character), it would make the game a triumph of freedom (and a complete mess). So, Skyrim is a beautiful, ugly, strict, messy, very stupid and very clever game, which everyone should play at least once. On the easy level it is almost casual, no effort is required to deal with the fights. It can be played on a Mac through Crossover, but it is sluggish no matter how low the graphics settings are.
game-hours: 16.2
review: I murdered everyone 10/10
game-hours: 148.9
review: Probably best cRPG I've ever played. Awesome, excellent, almost perfect game. Still has some disadvantages of Elder Scrolls series but better of Oblivion in all aspects. Every fan of video games should play this title. VERDICT: If you are a fan of RPG games, you definitely should try that! If you are not a fan of RPG, but you are a gamer, you definitely should try that! If you are not a gamer, you definitely should stop reading that!
game-hours: 47.2
review: Bought this game for $11 two days ago. Now its $5.49. Why you do this to me steam >:(
game-hours: 121.4
review: This game is the most enjoyful and expensive drug that will ever be created. This game is just amazing! Great game and PC mods make it look amazing and a lot more fun. There is no doubt about this game being Game of the Year following Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion. This game is fantastic with its detail and perfected gameplay that puts gaming in RPG's on a whole new level. I am looking forward to the next installment of the Elder Scrolls whenever they can get it out as quickly as possible. However long that may be I will be putting my hours and life into this game as it requires that devotion with all the quests and aspects to understand them. I have played other generations of Elder Scrolls and I have not been disappointed yet. This is a fantastic franchise of games
game-hours: 462.3
review: Can ride a horse through a mountain while fighting a train 10/10
game-hours: 30.1
review: All my fantasies. All at once. The only time I can marry a cat to an iguana and not be jailed for it. 10/10
game-hours: 459.2
review: How could anyone not love Skyrim? With mods abound to customize your game, it's a game that keeps on giving long after you get into it. I absolutely love this game, and if I wasn't running on a very weak computer I'd probably never stop playing it and modding it. I suggest Skyrim to anyone who has never played it, or even playing it on PC vs Console (the modding capabilities to change the way your game looks and plays are so much better than console -- take it from someone who first played Skyrim on her Xbox.) Absolutely well worth the money and an excellent game that you cannot put down.
game-hours: 70.7
review: Step 1 - Buy the game Step 2 - Mod the game until someone comes to your room and asks you ''What movie is this?'' The campaign is short but a great one. You have to save the world from the dragons who are led by Alduin, the most evil dragon....basically that is all there is when it comes to the campaign. But apart from that there is a story you create on your own with a rich and detailed open world to explore and million other cool side missions to do. This game doesn't hold your hand at all, you can approach the game in anyway you want by becoming a Thief, a Vampire, a Werewolf etc etc you can also join different groups like the Dark Brotherhood for example, you can join the empire and become an Imperial or join the Stormcloak rebels to free Skyrim from the empire influence. Crafting, Smithing, Enchanting, Marriage, Adoption, Purchase a house, Learning spells, Cooking etc, this game has so much to offer it will literally consume you. Astonishing graphics (especially with mods), amazing soundtracks and endless quests. This game is a masterpiece! Worth every penny! Personal Rating: 10/10 Greatest Open World RPG of all times
game-hours: 9.9
review: Chopped a butterfly in half with a katana then was  by mudcrabs. 69/10 would waste life again
game-hours: 451.1
review: This is a game I'll never delete.
game-hours: 25.9
review: I spent most of my time in this game violating basic human rights. Its pretty fun.
game-hours: 113.3
review: This game doesn't need a recommendation. There are some caves with spiders putting their own torches. 200/10 Must play.
game-hours: 111.0
review: the male nudity mod has inspired me to put more  in my next book 10/10
game-hours: 18.1
review: Desperately wanted a horse but didn't want to steal it and become hunted, I finally gathered enough money to buy a horse so i did... I named him Charles Me and Charles rode of into the wilderness together, I got hungry so did Charles, It was ME or HIM, It turns out that Charles actually tasted quite good although i was sad to have eaten my best friend, but all is good because if i just bought a new best friend, I shall call him doug... 10/10 would eat my bestie again...
game-hours: 104.0
review: I spent years saying that Mass Effect was the best game I had ever played. Until I played Skyrim. I seriously hope this also continues in the Single Player realm instead of becoming the next WoW with The Elder Scrolls Online. I want an Elder Scrolls VI, VII, VIII, and as many as we can get. Please!
game-hours: 44.5
review: shot a wolf off a cliff and it landed on a imperial soldier and killed him. then i got a 2000 gold bounty in whiterun. so i went to whiterun and took it over. 4000000000000000/10 -ign
game-hours: 228.2
review: . 10/10
game-hours: 19.5
review: you play as the skyrim, a guy with a beard who is also a magician. you fight lizards from space and then do some drugs. 10/10
game-hours: 282.3
review: Where has this game been all my life?! Seriously, it's one of the best games I've ever played. The world, Skyrim, is so huge and you will always find stuff to do, you will always discover something new, something you haven't seen before. I really don't know what to say about the game - I'm still so amazed at it. It's just super awesome and totally worth the money since you (probably) will spend hundrets of hours in Skyrim. So if you haven't already: Make sure to try it out one day.
game-hours: 208.2
review: Life, get ready to get ruined. Again.
game-hours: 325.7
review: This game is best played shirtless with a giant flagon of mead in hand.
game-hours: 89.8
review: Installed a tougher dragons mod and got facerolled while pissing my greaves and getting called Shirley by the guards who for some inexplicable reason all have had some form of kneecap surgery and always cringe when I walk around from a distance with a bow. 11/10 - would get called Shirley by more guards again.
game-hours: 253.0
review: Most likely the best game ever made. 100/100
game-hours: 827.1
review: Skyrim "Its like masturbating without lotion, its doable but you get chaffed after awhile." Its a really fun RPG with great action and a good story (They really made the dialogue less attractive than in previous games and the lack of stat points brain ed me). 9.99999999/10
game-hours: 120.1
review: like skyrim with dragons 420/10
game-hours: 59.4
review: It may seem odd to review a game I have not finished, so take that into account as you read this. I first played the Elder Scrolls series with Morrowind. Back then I thought it was the coolest thing ever. Huge world, tons of monsters and weapons. At the time though I was big into MMOs so I felt very disconnected from the game. Alone. So my time with the game was short, and I never finished the main campaign. When Oblivion came out, I gave it a try, and instantly was reminded of Morrowind and why I lost interest in the game. So I probably played it for only a few hours my first time in. Elder Scrolls games are a fickle thing though... you see screenshots, hear about other people having fun, see Mod updates, and before you know it. BOOM. Right back in you go and you forget why you ever left. My right back in was Skyrim. So much hype, so much graphical goodness. I resisted for a LONG time, then came a Steam Sale and I was in. The game... Wow, so much better. Is it the dragons? Hell yes it is the dragons! I have about 50+ hours on record as I type this, and I go off and on playing the game so as not to get burned out on it. I modded it up as best I could and I think it makes it that much better. Graphics - Just amazing! Even unmodded this game looks stunning. Character models less so than the world itself, but still a great show for the eyes. Sound - I'm no audiophile, but I tend to get drawn in more if the sound is good. This game does not disappoint. Music, voice acting, sound effects, all perfect. The first time I fought a dragon, and it came swooping in and bathed the ground around me in fire, I was amazed at how awesome it sounded (surround sound headset of course!). Do yourself a favor and really crank the volume. Again, I am not finished the game. Will I ever? Who knows, and who cares. I am having fun so that is all that matters. If you are holding off for similar reasons that I was, wait for a sale like I did. But don't deny yourself the experience if you can. It is totally worth it.
game-hours: 1374.3
review: WHAT AM I DOING WITH MY LIFE?
game-hours: 420.0
review: One of the best games of all time. If you don't already own it, what is wrong with you?
game-hours: 112.4
review: u shout at ppl and they die
game-hours: 1587.3
review: It's okay.
game-hours: 250.7
review: I cant even describe how good this game is. Graphics 10/10 Gameplay 10/10 story 10/10 There is so much to do, you wont even know where to start replay value 10/10 over all 10/10 Give it a shot.
game-hours: 10.7
review: Life? is that new mod? 10/10
game-hours: 28.3
review: this game gives us an amazing and terrific feeling from the world of skyrim! a huge world with many places intresting places to explore... many choises to evolve your character. graphics gameplay and soundtrack are all very impressive and it's one of the best games i have ever played!!! mods will add unlimited value to this game... Skyrim is really a PC exclusive game...
game-hours: 59.7
review: Killed a chicken, got brutally killed 10/10
game-hours: 204.0
review: Skyrim is awesome. Whilst working on a quest you find a note in the world that makes you pursue another quest. This goes on until you no longer remember what your original goal was, that is the beauty of Skyrim and Elder Scrolls. Exploration, rewarding gameplay, choices (you are not given as much freedom in choices as you were in Morrowind, though) and funny  bugs that have always defined Elder Scrolls to me.
game-hours: 154.6
review: top game an epic adventure 10/10
game-hours: 59.7
review: Killed a chicken, got brutally killed 10/10
game-hours: 10.7
review: Life? is that new mod? 10/10
game-hours: 135.2
review: Ok, so the first thing i have to say here is that i'm in love with this game XD When i first saw the trailer for Skyrim i was like: "ohh...ok...another awesome video, filled with some good actions scenes and a lot of graphic magic to make it look better than the game really is...", meaning i liked the trailer but was kinda unsure if it was true to the game or if i was gonna be dissapointed to have an enhanced video and then the game would be below the expectations of it. BUT...this was the FIRST TIME EVER that a game completelly surprised me, i was blown away the first time i was able to play the game. Skyrim trully delivered what it was offering in the trailer. It's a big game and has a LOT to explore and a lot of hours for the players to get lost in it XD Its a massive game with a vast world to explore, lots of races to choose from to keep you satisfied, a bunch of weapons and spells to your hearts content, enumerous monsters and enemies to fight, so many roads and choices you can make to decide your fate in the storyline and you can be anything and follow each and every road in one single character, you don't have to start a new game to uncover all the paths in the game. Of course if you want to fully explore the game to its limits you will have to play with other races to discover some tiny things that are specific to each race. You can be anyone and do almost everything is the game: be a hunter and slay wild animals; be a miner and explore the depts of mines and find rare minerals; become a fearsome warrior and fight for the rebels agains the empire; join the companions and become a fearsome beast and transform into a werefolf to fight your enemies; explore the dark arts and become an assassin to work for hire for the dark brotherhood; join the thieves guild and become a master in sneaking, lockpicking, stealing and killing your enemies with one blow without them even noticing you; join the college of Winterhold, learn and practice to master all the spells to become a powerful arch-mage.... I could go on and on and on, on what you could do inside the game hehehe...........is THAT big :D I do advise to take some time to fully explore this game, this is not one of those games on wich you play like a speddy to get to the end and know the finalle. Its a waste to go and play it like that so do take your time, explore and uncover its secrets, its gonna be worth it :) The controls and gameplay are very easy to master in a couple of minutes so you will move around like you own the place in no time. At first, you must take your time and explore the skyrim world to find all the locations you need to go. It consumes a bit of time (but you won't even trully notice it if you're doing quests), the less patient people might complain about it a bit but once you discover all locations you can teleport to that location anytime you want in the future, thru your map. Map and menus are very easy to use as well and are very simple and well explained. You have every information you need explicit on your inventory and other menus. All the info for the quests is also there in the quests log, all you have to do is activate it and follow the arrows, litterally LOL but be advised that in a few quests and side-quests you may not encounter all the work done for you to acomplish it and you need to do a little digging yourself. Your character keeps evolving thru out the entire game(and after you end it as weel if you keep playing with the same character), it levels up as you use your powers, skills and as you finish quests, wich gives you some skill points to use as you see fit. I also strongly advise to always keep multiple saves, the game isn't all that glichy or even has a lot of bugs but, as every game, its not without its flaws. Sometimes you might get stuck on a mission or an AI character might not be doing what it should...it autosaves but to prevent that from happening you should always keep an extra pair of saves, its not a big thing and it doesnt consume much time, it takes less than a minute to do it and it ensures that your game runs smoothdly and you can always go back if you did something wrong or if you wanna deal with a situation differently. OK this review is going long so i'll just finish up by saying its a 5 star game for me and i strongly advise you guys to, at least once, try and play the game and dont jump into conclusions by what other people say, unless you have played the game yourselves.
game-hours: 764.3
review: 110% of nonstop fun! SOOOO MANY QUESTS! Plus the DLC add even MORE quests! And if you are board of the vanilla quests, or you just compleated them all (highly unlikely) Skyrim is one of the easiest games to mod, workshop and nexis combined! Also, quest mods aren't the only mods out thare. Thare are follower mods, weppon mods, magic mods, and so much more! If you don't alredy have the game, take it from me... GET THE GAME!!! 753 stars out of 5. You will most likely never get board in this game! you can spend a year on the game and still not compleat all of the quests. I hope this helped, and I hope you get this game.
game-hours: 187.8
review: This game is a soul trap!
game-hours: 28.3
review: this game gives us an amazing and terrific feeling from the world of skyrim! a huge world with many places intresting places to explore... many choises to evolve your character. graphics gameplay and soundtrack are all very impressive and it's one of the best games i have ever played!!! mods will add unlimited value to this game... Skyrim is really a PC exclusive game...
game-hours: 132.9
review: Well,what can i say about skyrim(i am brazilan ,so if my english is not as good as it should be sorry)skyrim is a game about someone who wake up in carriage and is going to be executed be things he/she did or not ,everything could be just a mistake or this "someone" could have killed a whole city, a king or nothing,when "someone" is going to be executed when a dragon (that can be his worst enemy or a "friend" it depends of one little(or not) thing that i will say later) shouts and stops the executation of "someone" (ironically or not) saving his life, someone will later be helped by two mans, one stormcloak(nord rebels that want skyrim to be of the nords again, and destroy the imperials) and one imperial (imperial is a race and a faction the imperials want to stop the stormcloack and... i think is just this) "someone" is very lucky ,later he/she will or not discover that he/she can absorv dragon souls and use a thing called shout, and that he/she is something called dragonborn/dovahkinn ,this someonecan have great adventures , "someone" can own and build a house,get married,adopt a child,be a vampire or a vampire hunter,can defeat the first dragonborn/dovahkin ,ride dragons, help the daedra and get special artifacts as a reward,ride horses,fight giants,dragons,undeads,machines and other things, explore the dwemer/dwarve ruins,become the leader of the companions,the archmage of the college of winterhold ,the commander/or something like this of the imperial/stormcloaks ,and many many other things. but returning to someone what his story(that is the little thing)? what race is he/she? is it male or female? you decided and everything will happen in skyrim a beatiful place that has some "dimensional problems" like dead things starting to fly like... cows,dead bodys suddently dissapearing and other thigns skyrim is a open world rpg ,but what is special about skyrim? it is like a book that every time that you read a page another two pages appears on the book,you make your own decisions ,your own story or take a pre-made history and build made by other player ,make or use mods, that can add a little change or change the whole skyrim to something better or worst now my personal opinion, skyrim is the best rpg i played in my whole life, i hope you enjoy it and help this already big community of player become even bigger,if you have enough money i suggest you to buy it,then install take something to eat and drink sit in a comfortable place like your bed or a chair and put (if you have ) your headphones listen or not a music or skyrim soundtrack and have fun (ps: don't lost opportunities because you were playing skyrim)
game-hours: 165.2
review: Who's rapping? Dovahkiin Dragons? I'm not over keen I'll dice them like a knife Slicing right through an aubergine. My dragon shout flow Is sweeter than a SodaStream You won't belive your eyes I'm like an overload of dopamine A broadsword in one hand,and a magic spell in the other. I'm the last of the Dragonborn There's no other,my brother so run for cover. If you've got scales,then I'm on your tail,and I will not fail. Like a free-roaming sandbox game. I'm off the rails,I'll walk the trail,through awful gales,and storms of hail. 'Til all the nails Are knocked into your coffin,I'm not stopping. 'Til you're impaled,and I've prevailed. In the name of the Nords,I pray to the lords. You all get a taste of the blade of my sword. I'm taking on hordes of enemies,I face them with hoards of weaponry. They're draining my force,so chemistry comes into play with retorts and recipes. Alchemixing like a DJ,Restoration,restore my energy. My legacy,odyssey,elegy,prophecy's,written in heavenly bodies,and buried with every body that ever did bother to mess with me deading them terribly,horribly,I'm a celebrity,honestly,you're a wannabe,I'm a prodigy. The suggestion you're better than me at being a warrior? Ha! comedy. It's a gift to me,I don't just spit flames lyrically,but literally,and the Elder Scrolls are scripts,in witch I've written your obituary. I am the Dragonborn,wearing a hat with badass horns. I'm Dovahkiin,known globally,You're nobody at all. =) BY DAN BULL )
game-hours: 220.0
review: With mods I can be a dancing skeleton and marry a dog. All my fantasies in one game. 10/10
game-hours: 3.6
review: I met a friendly woman who offered me some food if i went into her house. I took the food she offered and found a secret passage way into a basement where I discovered she was a witch. I took nothing. But when I walked out, she attacked me. I killed her, took everything she owned, walked to the nearest blackmarket and sold everything I could. No more witch I guess.
game-hours: 259.1
review: Yeah... it's pretty sweet.
game-hours: 189.2
review: Skyrim is one of those breath taking video games that goes on to become a Legend. The open world gameplay will make the world come alive to you. While you are the main character, not everyone else revolves around you and your character. You will find npc hunting, working their day to day jobs, children running and playing tag, people praying to their gods and much more. But you still can interact with them. which can start new quest's, the option to have a follower and more. The main quest line alone is a piece of art and will keep you busy for a good bit of time. If you really enjoy your social life than this game is not for you. Because once you start; your not likely to stop anytime soon. Good luck on your new adventure hero and Don't forget to check out the mods for this game. There are quest mods to add even more gameplay hours, New weapons, Player homes, new worlds, and Even exploding chickens.
game-hours: 372.5
review: Mods, mods, mods
game-hours: 48.6
review: Skyrim is the best game I've played in a long time, I love it, I have it on Ps3 and PC. The mods will keep you entertained once you have played it for 200+ hours, Which is one of the reasons to have this on the pc. If you're thinking about getting this game you deffinitly should! It keeps you entertained for hours and it feels like minutes.
game-hours: 1302.4
review: Oh my god, who doesn't think this game is a game of the year? Sure it has it's fair share of glitches but please name one, GREAT, game that doesn't glitch and heck, half the time their quite funny. It's an amazing single-player experience you'll only get once every few years. I started playing it once and could never stop, it's so fun. Over 800 hours in this game i can tell you that this game is a must buy if you don't have it. The only things that could be improved on this is perhaps a co-op mode because who else thinks exploring Tamrial with a friend is awesome? This game is so immense, chocked full of wonderful content. This is a must buy, 10/10
game-hours: 62.4
review: This game is amazing. And no matter how many times you play, it never gets boring. One of the best things about this game is open world. You get to travel through awesome locations and meet a lot of interesting npcs. So yeah, I would recommend this game, especially to the ones that love this genre games. (:
game-hours: 2989.4
review: Skyrim is the best !!!!
game-hours: 204.5
review: Fun and comfy after 250 mods
game-hours: 342.0
review: What is it too say about this master piece that hasn't already been said? :) It's EPIC, FUN, AWESOME, INTERESTING, NEVER-ENDING! + u can download Thousands of mod too make your game more AWESOME! Well it's really hard too write a review about a game Like Skyrim, cause all gameplays are different! U can finish almost everyquest in a different way! There is soo much too do! That u just need to get done! Buy it now --===UPDATE===-- After playing some more, and joining different "CLANS" The game changed totaly! It's now not a game anymore! It's a lifestyle! When i start the game it feels like i get transported in too the game! *THE FEELS!*
game-hours: 30.1
review: Yes
game-hours: 26.0
review: 10/10 Worth the money. Obviously amongst the best RPGs, get the legendary edition.
game-hours: 269.8
review: Easily one of my favorite games ever made. Here's some points. -Very detailed work on the many storylines involved in the game. (Not just the main story) -The dragons have an entire language you can learn. -Great modding community. -Shouting at people can kill. -Killing Chickens makes you public enemy #1
game-hours: 18.2
review: A game where the sky has a rim.... bad um tss
game-hours: 17.9
review: Talking dragons. 10/10
game-hours: 28.5
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, one of the most in-depth games you will ever encounter. Many quests and stories to tell, you can instantly conjecture when you are born into the world of Skyrim. In the beginning of the game, you emerge as a captive member held by the imperial army, captive from trying to cross the border of Skyrim. Sitting in the carriage with your fellow captive thieves and bandits, questioning where you are flowing. As youre held captive by the solders in the carriage, being carried over the roads to Helgan. As youre being kicked off the carriage, held in your queues to your beheading, you notice your foes worried about a large scream across the lands of Skyrim. As you place your head on the pedestal, ready for your penalty, the scream becomes stronger. All of the sudden, a dragon appears, landing upon the castle to your left, he speaks in his dragon tongue and destroys Helgan. This is your time to escape, and begin your journey in the world of Skyrim. Who knows what this frozen land has in store for you. The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a action role-playing game, allowing you to create and customise your character, join a race and choose how your character handles in dangerous encounters, there is a range of possibilities to role-play in the world of Skyrim. The game is playable in a first person perspective or in a third person perspective, both can be toggled easily by using the scroll wheel. The game encourages you to freely roam the environment, finding dungeons, towns, abstract structures and a range of side-quests to find while following the main quest, this allows the player to freely choose which quests the player can freely choose to conquest. The atmosphere the world of Skyrim creates is outstanding. Viewing this frozen nation in its misfortune is interesting and viewing the world revovle around you. As you progress throughout of the story, you get view different cultures and view how people live in various cities as you progress through the story. You can fully view how people and what people are willing to do to survive the events and the catastrophe of the lands of Skyrim. Viewing the scenery at its best adds to the atmosphere, looking out into the distance and spotting the large mountains standing tall and superior with a hint of snow on the peak, ruins standing, capable of anything, do you dare to enter? Then looking down the plains of land, grass blowing in the wind. The scenery an essential characteristic to the world of Skyrim. Graphically, the game is outstanding, this statement is considered even without graphical modifications. The game has high resolution textures, this being the ultra graphical setting, but if youre feeling curious, you can get even better textures with the free downloadable content that Bethesda Game Studios offer. Adding onto the graphical discussion on The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is something I mentioned earlier, the scenery. The scenery is just breath-taking. If these visuals arent enough for you, the graphical modifications created by the community are phenomenal, I couldnt recommend more that you browse through some videos on YouTube of them, but on the negative side, some are very intensive to your computer unlike the default textures. Talking about the performance of The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, the game is polished and the performance is outstanding. This is a enormous statement, but the game could almost run perfectly well on any PC. Ive know many people who have ran The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim on a laptop without messing with any graphical settings, running smoothly of course. This truly shows the effort in the development cycle that Bethesda Game Studios has put into the game. On the unfortunate side of this, I wish that the game was supported for multiple operating systems, but alternatives can be found to still play the game on different operating systems. Content; the department that The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim does not disappoint. Approximately the game has around 300 + hours of content, this isnt including modifications. If you feel that this isnt enough, you have modifications to add extra quests and various other content, The Elder Scrolls community is talented for creating these outstanding modifications. Now finally, to the conclusion to The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim. This game is well worth every single penny, the amount of effort that the developers have established into this game. To you, the reader, I recommend you buy this game, take your time while playing the game to look at the detail this game contains because this game deserves the title along the side of the Elder Scrolls games.
game-hours: 1292.6
review: It starts as an epic fantasy game and ends as a file organizing and landscaping simulator.
game-hours: 147.3
review: Having played 90+ hours of Skyrim this past week, I figured that I should write a review on it. First of all, I had to said this is an amazing SandBox+ RPG experience. I am someone who enjoyed doing side quests as well as misc quests as a mean to earn more money. I got to say that till now I had not finish the story as there are so much more to do. I was pleasantly surprised initially when I see people with over 2000~4000+ hours of gameplay time. All I can say is Skyrim had just that much content especially if you include all the DLCS. I mean just building a single house took me more than 2 hours, not to mention the fact that I had to design and decorate my own house. It pretty much a chore that feel great after you are done with it. I am also barely done exploring Skyrim after 90 hours in, the combat are extremely fluid and animated especially when you do a sneak attack. There are many other great elements in Skyrim such as pick-locking which can be extremely frustrating but fun to play around with. I had never been this impressed with a RPG before and I definitely think Skyrim is by far the best I had played so far for this price. I definitely recommend this game to every RPG lovers, you won't ever regret it especially if you enjoyed other RPG such as The Witcher as well as Fable.
game-hours: 586.1
review: One of the greatest games ever made. A+++++
game-hours: 847.1
review: yeah it's alright
game-hours: 4.0
review: how do i bowscope
game-hours: 830.3
review: It's ok.
game-hours: 27.9
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim: -Field Rating 9 -Graphics 9 About Graphics: -Skyrim is a beautiful game, made even more beautiful by the extremely active modding community. The engine was a wonderful leap from the previous engine we saw in Oblivion and the Fallout series. The details in the environments are wonderful reminders of just how intricate the world really is. -Gameplay 9 About Gameplay: -Skyrim lives up to its Elder Scrolls name, granting us the freedom to craft our own story, in a gigantic world where you can spend hours simply exploring. The combat has seen a huge improvement since the days of Oblivion, with the ability to dual-wield chaning up gameplay styles wonderfully. The physics however, are still as wonky as ever. Sometimes with hilarious results. You won't get tired of wandering around this world. -Story 9 About Story: Enough interest to drive you forward, and plenty of lore to keep you distracted, Skyrim finds the wonderful balance of permeating the world with the story, yet giving you the freedom to advance the plot when you wish. Multiplayer: No Depressingly: no. Replay-ability: 9 -The only thing that will stop you from coming back to Skyrim for awhile is completely burning yourself out. But then the cycle repeats. Overall 9/10 -Being a long time Elder Scrolls fan, Skyrim was a welcome breath after the much loved, much played Oblivion. The freedom, the scope, and the environment are great. The graphics are beautiful. Though none of the Elder Scrolls since Morrowind have yet captured the full extent of the magic that made Morrowind so great, Skyrim has been a huge push in the right direction. A must buy for any RPG or open-world gaming fan.
game-hours: 697.1
review: yeah.
game-hours: 0.3
review: Wow. The only word that I can use to describe this game is "Misleading." I have over 320 hours on this game, and I have yet to even see the Skyrim. I've tried Googling the location of the rim, but to no avail. This game doesn't even have helicopters to use to even get to the rim! Like, wtf Activision? Fix your game. This is the biggest waste of 74 Euros ever. I even installed the Beautiful Males mod because I got tired of looking at Battlefield to get me off, and that doesn't even do it. The  physics are atrocious. No flopping, no particle effects, nothing. Why would you put naked men in the game if it isn't even arousing? I guess the snow is ok, but nowhere near the quality of the snow in that one level of Call of Duty. I can't remember which one, though. Graphics - 2/10 Gameplay - 1/10 (WAAAYYYY better on consoles)  physics - 2/10 (Left too much to the imagination) Snow - 6/10 (I'm being generous with this one) Overall - 10/10 - A fantastic game with an amazing storyline. You can play it fer dayz.
game-hours: 5.4
review: FUN! ITS A GAME WHERE YOU RUN AROUND STEALING THINGS AND THEN RUNNING AWAY ON A STOLEN HORSE. EPIC GAME!!!!
game-hours: 93.7
review: Quite honestly, I thought I would regret buying this game again after having 100s of hours in it on Xbox 360. Oddly enough, I didn't. Even after completing everything this game has to offer (which I might add, is a ton), mods give this game a complete new life. Sure, Skyrim isn't the best Elder Scrolls to date, but it's pretty damn good. Even if you've played it on a console system before, it's not the same. This game is a must have for any RPG lover.
game-hours: 126.5
review: Skyrim is the perfect example of how a vast and addictive adventure game is done, without overloading the player with Witcher-like  complexity. You begin the game picking only your race and from then, what type of fighter you are is completely built off of how you play, making for endless possibilities of the fighter you can become. It is a poor idea to just stick to the main story all throughout, because it will leave you at a disadvantage if you ignore the varying side quests and beautiful exploration, which allow you to uncover some of the best equipment as well as enhance your skills and levels. This in turn, has given me a massive playtime of 37 hours so far and the main story still only feels like it's a quarter of the way through! This is a fantastic watercooler game, allowing for you and your friends to share hours of stories about your unique adventures and play style in Skyrim. If you have the system specs and you love exploration, DO NOT MISS THIS GAME!
game-hours: 494.4
review: My Thoughts About This Game: This Game Is Just Glorious Upon My Nipples!! :D It Makes My Nipples Burn With Joy, It Gives Me Happiness And Excitement!! I Freaking Love This Game, I've Played Over 500 Hours On It!! ;D This Game Is Just The Flawless Victory Trust Me, Buy It!! :D The Bugs Are Basicly The Only Bad Thing, But They Get Patched Over Time!! :D There Are Mods To This Game Also, They Are The Best Of Almost Everything. :D The Dawnguard DLC Is Just a Glorious DLC. I Love It!! :D The HearthFire DLC Is Good For The Family Man, The One And Only. The DragonBorn DLC Seems Pretty Impressive And Awesome For That Matter. My Grade: 9/10. // Jimi.
game-hours: 3218.8
review: If you love RPG type games, you should get this one! While no game is perfect, but Skyrim is almost on a perfect level.
game-hours: 93.7
review: Quite honestly, I thought I would regret buying this game again after having 100s of hours in it on Xbox 360. Oddly enough, I didn't. Even after completing everything this game has to offer (which I might add, is a ton), mods give this game a complete new life. Sure, Skyrim isn't the best Elder Scrolls to date, but it's pretty damn good. Even if you've played it on a console system before, it's not the same. This game is a must have for any RPG lover.
game-hours: 126.5
review: Skyrim is the perfect example of how a vast and addictive adventure game is done, without overloading the player with Witcher-like  complexity. You begin the game picking only your race and from then, what type of fighter you are is completely built off of how you play, making for endless possibilities of the fighter you can become. It is a poor idea to just stick to the main story all throughout, because it will leave you at a disadvantage if you ignore the varying side quests and beautiful exploration, which allow you to uncover some of the best equipment as well as enhance your skills and levels. This in turn, has given me a massive playtime of 37 hours so far and the main story still only feels like it's a quarter of the way through! This is a fantastic watercooler game, allowing for you and your friends to share hours of stories about your unique adventures and play style in Skyrim. If you have the system specs and you love exploration, DO NOT MISS THIS GAME!
game-hours: 494.4
review: My Thoughts About This Game: This Game Is Just Glorious Upon My Nipples!! :D It Makes My Nipples Burn With Joy, It Gives Me Happiness And Excitement!! I Freaking Love This Game, I've Played Over 500 Hours On It!! ;D This Game Is Just The Flawless Victory Trust Me, Buy It!! :D The Bugs Are Basicly The Only Bad Thing, But They Get Patched Over Time!! :D There Are Mods To This Game Also, They Are The Best Of Almost Everything. :D The Dawnguard DLC Is Just a Glorious DLC. I Love It!! :D The HearthFire DLC Is Good For The Family Man, The One And Only. The DragonBorn DLC Seems Pretty Impressive And Awesome For That Matter. My Grade: 9/10. // Jimi.
game-hours: 112.0
review: Bethesda has done it again with an incredible open world game. Skyrim has become one of my all time favorite games. I still find myself coming back and creating a new character over and over to experience this rich world. Add all the DLC and the vast amounts of great mods, this game is a must have!
game-hours: 277.8
review: Great game, especially for adventurers like myself. It allows you to fully interact with your environment and is incredably fun
game-hours: 128.3
review: Cool game. Tough you should totally use mods once you're done with the main quest. Also, like oblivion, it feels way simplier than previous installements. You should get it but be aware that if you're a fan of previous games, you should play at higher difficulty levels, since this game is so much easier than previous ones. I'd make a fus roh dah joke, but that shout isn't even the best one so.
game-hours: 27.0
review: This game is pure goodnees.. it will keep you glued to your computer seat day and night, dragons ,swords,old men that live on an ancient mountain the blades,the thieves guild , all these features are just.. awesome.. if you have any little bit of doubt about buying this game you are doing it wrong. I can call this one of my finest purchases ever!
game-hours: 449.7
review: If I kill three random guys on the street, nobody panics. But if I kill one, tiny chicken, then everyone loses their minds! 100/10 would murder again
game-hours: 731.3
review: Oh dear Skyrim....let me count the ways i so adore you. How many hours have i spent in your open world finding places to explore while on a mission. How many hours have i spent creating items, selling, buying, even stealing in some occasions. You've kept me entertained in so many ways. The combat is sometimes magical and other times sweaty and crude. I've beat you without mods and with and you continue to entice me for more. 10/10...i say no more.
game-hours: 23.9
review: There are a couple of glitches in the game, some fatal, so you might need to save often, but that is a small price to pay. If your looking for a good game to play, definatly play this one.
game-hours: 162.4
review: You can scream at people
game-hours: 68.8
review: Nice game, awsome graphics, works fine, some bugs but we can easly fix them with console commands and everything's fine after that, alot of crafting, also Steam Workshop adds alot of cool mods! EDIT: Discovered Nexus 3 weeks ago, lot of cool mods there!
game-hours: 79.4
review: TL;DR end of review. This game: -Has a magnificent story. -Cheats -Awesome Mods (Nexus) -Open World -Do almost anything -And the list goes on. If I had more money, I'd buy 10 more copies of this game for anyone who really needs to play it. In this game you can: -Go Anywhere -Kill anyone -Scream -Get married -Buy a house -Kill dragons -Eat (dragon) souls without being a ginger -Store a thousand item in your inventory -Climb mountains on a horse -Duel with losers ingame -Travel -Explore a wide vareity of places, cities, villages, dungeons and many more -Have a cute lady follow you everywhere and defend you (better with sexy mods). Too long, didn't read (TL;DR) -----Buy this game, don't pirate it.----- -----The developers deserve more than pirated downloads of the game.----- -----This game is totally worth you $20 (or $5 if sales)----- Support the developers, think about it, if you don't buy their amazing games, they may go bankrupt and not make good games like Skyrim, Fallout NV, Dishonored, etc. then we'd get stuck with  EA and Ubisoft. You can't buy anything in this game for real money. It wouldn't rip you off. Spend $20 for this game and play forever instead of buying another overpriced game from another game developing company. Thanks for reading.
game-hours: 172.4
review: A game in which you look for a super old piece of paper, and go to the edge of space. Not much else to say about this.
game-hours: 149.7
review: Skyrim is easily one of the best games of this generation. Its one of the games that you get as much out of as you put in. Its also one of the games you play exactly how you want to play. You can choose to ignore the main story immediately after beginning or play through the quests like a linear action adventure game. Speaking of quests, theres an awful lot of them. Even after playing over 170 hours altogether, I have a plethora of quests on my active quest log, never mind the ones I havent even started yet. So yes, Skyrim is 100% recommended by me.
game-hours: 152.3
review: Great game love playing this in my spare time, with great mods and character creation and foes within the game. The storyline is vast however completed the campaign in 1 week and the side quests i believe will take months which i will enjoy alot. Thanks to the steam community for Skyrim mods it is great and gives lots of laughs and hours of gameplay. Muskets, new swords and clothes are great to add into the game and my Dragonborn is now fully equipped for battle , taken out Miraak and now building a good armour set however nothing beats the Eleven blades, armour and bows.
game-hours: 44.5
review: Hey, remember when RPGs were good? Well, it's not a good RPG, but it's a good (maybe the best) modding platform ever made. Plus, there are tons of content and a decent setting with MEMES. You may not like it, but Skyrim has it's northern charms. Even if those charms look like murderous draugrs wanting to kill you on the spot.
game-hours: 141.4
review: i killed a chicken then i gone to prison Best Game 11/10 :)
game-hours: 42.9
review: You know how an Italian chef kisses his fingers and says something in Italian that translates to "A masterpiece" after tasting their own dish? That's how I feel about this game.
game-hours: 310.8
review: Epic. 10/10
game-hours: 126.5
review: Lesson iv learnt while modding skyrim is: If your computer can play Skyrim without a struggle you don't have enough mods installed 10/10
game-hours: 56.3
review: I bought this game in 2011 for the PS 3 .. but due to known Playstation problems I never finished it . :( And then it was on sale on steam and I just had to buy it . And I must say I never regreted it . Even today this game still shines , especially if you activate one of the mods for e.g. weather , trees .... and so on . I still haven't finished the game ( due to working a lot ) but every once in a while I play an hour or so to relax . Graphics 7/10 Even by today standarts the graphics are still nice .. they're not top notch anymore , but hey the game is 4 years old . If you enable the mods it would be definitely an 8 or 8.5 rating Music 10/10 Just perfect .One word to describe it ..hm EPIC . When you're walking in the cold snowy mountains .. or in the green woods of Skyrim ..it really hits home . Or when the dragons attack.. Controls 9/10 Controller ist supported , And I advise you to use it , because with the keyboard.. it just doesn't feel right . Length 10/10 I had like 100 hours on the PS 3 and now like 50 hours on the pc ..and I'm just doing side quests haven't even touched the main quest ....enough said. Supports Steam Cloud and comes with Steam Trading Cards and Steam Achievements On the ( maybe ) downside for you .. - No mulitplayer mode ...well if you want that you can buy " the elder scrolls online " or play WOW .. - Sometimes it still has graphic bugs
game-hours: 113.1
review: best game ever
game-hours: 33.2
review: Im gonna be fast on this one: Nice
game-hours: 360.8
review: What a great game: - Beautiful Graphics; - Great story; - Good gameplay; - Epic soundtrack; If you played any of the past Elder Scrolls and it did didn't appeal to you I think you will enjoy this game even more! 10/10*
game-hours: 257.9
review: Hours of playability even before the radiant quests. A nightmare for completionists.
game-hours: 169.8
review: The game is very enjoyable but it has it's problems. The enviroments and the feeling of the world is amazing. This is the strongest part of the game. The rest is sadly very mediocre. The combat is simple and spammy and lacks any serious depth considering it's a rpg. Exploring the world is cool and all but many of the places you'll find are generic tombs that all look the same. The quests are a gamble, some of the questlines are great but some, not so much. The problem is that alot of the quests are mmo like "gather x amount of these items" quests. These kind of quests I feel do not belong in a singleplayer rpg like this. The game also artificially extends the game by having randomly generated repetetive misc - quests. At this point the game got really dull and I stopped playing when there was basiclly only these quests left. Besides all of it's faults though, it is a game worth playing and many do not seem to notice these things since skyrim brought in alot of people who usually do not play rpgs and has not gathered any pre - expectations. The game is overall a pretty dumbed down version from the previous entries in the series which makes me enjoy the game alot less. It is a very easy game and is designed for a more casual crowd then morrowind, oblivion or even the earlier ones. But as I said it is still a fair amount of fun and with an insane amount of mods, you could play this for a long time. I'd like to say though that for all people who love skyrim, you should atleast give TES IV : Oblivion for I feel that some would enjoy that games more deep systems and harder difficulty. Thanks for reading my rather lengthy review, I hope it helped you in your decision for buying the game.
game-hours: 187.7
review: The newest release of the Elder Scrolls' series, Skyrim brings excellent graphics and polished gameplay to the forefront of this wonderful new RPG release. Like all of Bethesda's giant, open-world RPGs there are plenty of bugs to wade through (and have fun with!) and you'll definitely sink way too many hours into this game. It's fun on a whole new level - Bethesda is the best at this type of game and they've done an unparalleled job once again. Pros: Good Gameplay Beautiful Graphics Enormous World to Explore Mod Support Immersive Cons: Still Not as Good as Morrowind Was If you like Bethesda RPGs, have enjoyed any of the previous Elder Scrolls' games, or just love fantasy, pick up Skyrim - you'll love it. The immersion is top-notch and you'll wander the endless mountains of the beautiful countryside for hours on end, truly believing you are the Dovakiin. I still preferred Morrowind more; however, the graphics and beauty of this game cannot be beat by any of its competitors. A+
game-hours: 64.8
review: most entertaining and best looking Elder Scrolls game yet + beautiful, fully-realized fantasy world + great writing and NPC interaction + improved combat mechanics - too easy - like in other ES games, the main plot missions are too repetitive score = 4.5/5
game-hours: 220.6
review: This is one of my favorites. I recommend this game to any Fantasy/RPG gameplayer. The Modding community is also very strong and it will seem to last for a life time.
game-hours: 92.7
review: Like Skyrim without guns.
game-hours: 281.0
review: Skyrim truly continuous The Elder Scrolls tradition in epic RPGs. Say farewell to your girlfriends boobs, you'll be busy elsewhere. :D
game-hours: 514.8
review: Masterpiece!!!It is a world that you enter and do not want to leave.I just wish they would have kept adding more expantions to it.Its too bad they stopped and moved on to other projects.They didnt keep this going as well.Would have been amazing to keep seeing the story grow stronger.But there is Mod work that is rather great as well.All I can say is get some snacks,turn off the lights,sit back,and enjoy a massive world filled with beautiful sights,lore,magic,mysteries,enemys,and friends.But Most of all the Dragons!
game-hours: 48.9
review: Skyrim. Nuff said. Simply amazing. Also, makes the console version look like a joke.
game-hours: 131.4
review: First off, Skyrim is a still a great game that sadly suffers from a number of issues. If you have played Oblivion, you probably will be disappointed in the long run with Skyrim because of the gameplay being dumbed in several ways. For example, the spell system is fun with the dual wielding but sadly they toke out the custom spell making and that was always fun as a mage in Oblivion. Combat is dumbed down alot but it is still decent because the Elder scroll games never had the best combat. Many of the qeusts and characters feel lacking in depth but I did expect this as Bethesda isn't the greatest in those aspects of games like this. There are still a few good points in Skyrim, despite the several flaws I've already pointed out. Such as the better support for mods that Bethesda has provided in cooperation with Valve, Workshop is great and the community behind the mods are great as well. These add so much gameplay hours that you can get double the hours if you install some mods, they even made me rebuy the game on PC with the DLC's. DLC's are lacking expect Dragonborn(great expansion). Generally it is way more stable then previous games even though it isn't perfect in this matter Despite the flaws of the game, It still provides a great way to waste hours and one of the finest sandbox RPG's out there. However I recommend Oblivion more then this game because of the fact that it is basically this but then way better IMO.
game-hours: 10.3
review: It has dragons and you can mod it to have nude ladies.
game-hours: 136.2
review: Even after almost 3 years, this game is just great! There is alot to do and to explore, and the modding community has alot of other great things. There are some bugs in the game tough, but im sure there are some fixes for those bugs in the steam workshop or somewhere else on the internet so they can be fixed.
game-hours: 169.8
review: The game is very enjoyable but it has it's problems. The enviroments and the feeling of the world is amazing. This is the strongest part of the game. The rest is sadly very mediocre. The combat is simple and spammy and lacks any serious depth considering it's a rpg. Exploring the world is cool and all but many of the places you'll find are generic tombs that all look the same. The quests are a gamble, some of the questlines are great but some, not so much. The problem is that alot of the quests are mmo like "gather x amount of these items" quests. These kind of quests I feel do not belong in a singleplayer rpg like this. The game also artificially extends the game by having randomly generated repetetive misc - quests. At this point the game got really dull and I stopped playing when there was basiclly only these quests left. Besides all of it's faults though, it is a game worth playing and many do not seem to notice these things since skyrim brought in alot of people who usually do not play rpgs and has not gathered any pre - expectations. The game is overall a pretty dumbed down version from the previous entries in the series which makes me enjoy the game alot less. It is a very easy game and is designed for a more casual crowd then morrowind, oblivion or even the earlier ones. But as I said it is still a fair amount of fun and with an insane amount of mods, you could play this for a long time. I'd like to say though that for all people who love skyrim, you should atleast give TES IV : Oblivion for I feel that some would enjoy that games more deep systems and harder difficulty. Thanks for reading my rather lengthy review, I hope it helped you in your decision for buying the game.
game-hours: 23.0
review: Greatest game i ever played , had all the features i wanted in a game , seems like it was made for me , huge map , many caves/castles need to be explored , many people need to be saved , homes to be stolen ... , horses to buy , houses to purchase and upgrade , women to marry , weapons to buy/sell/upgrade , skills to be earned , sweet rolls to be eaten , and knees to get shot , 3 simple words , get-the-game.
game-hours: 220.6
review: This is one of my favorites. I recommend this game to any Fantasy/RPG gameplayer. The Modding community is also very strong and it will seem to last for a life time.
game-hours: 246.6
review: I ... just ... can't ... imagine how steam was, before I've found this amazing game ! Great storyline, full of surprises, great characters, amazing atmosphere and top of all: it's like a completely fascinating world ! Maybe the only negative thing: it's ADDICTIVE ! So be well prepared when starting this new adventure ^_^ I really don't regret wasting my spare time on it... so yea I know where I'll spend most of my summer holidays.
game-hours: 158.6
review: Best game i've ever played ! Bought it cheap, bought it even on ps3 and i'm still playing it !!! Mods...? YES ! Allot of great mods. Almost infinite amount of great, strange, awesome, mystery quests ! Great DLCs that can keep you play skyrim for even MORE ! And more and more... Going to play it right now ! Just buy it ! You can spend your money on this great game ! LOVE IT !
game-hours: 636.0
review: RPG  .   .
game-hours: 196.6
review: Before writing this review I must admit I'm a bit biased, I'm a huge TES fan. Although a general tendency can be noted in which the TES games became a lot easier and more generalized, Skyrim still is Awesome! Even without mods Skyrim is very entertainable and I love the different enviroments you encounter, especially on the more eastern part of the map with all the huge height differences! Just love that place. The game just rocks it by the thousands of awesome mods available, definitly one of the best games around for me :).
game-hours: 14.3
review: Shouted a goat off a mountain, then talked about a book with a dragon. 11/10
game-hours: 104.1
review: Very nice
game-hours: 34.3
review: () My laptop is not so good that I need to run this game in low graphic. However, the low graphic is no matter in front of the great glamour of this game(both the story and the landscape of Skyrim). Fortunately, this version includes the Chinese(language), which can help Chinese players enjoy their adventures in Skyrim~ The story is substantial so that it ensure a long time playing.(not like some games, have big maps but lack of playability). There are also lots of interesting optional missions :D All in all, TES V: Skyrim is the best game of this series. It's really worth that price.
game-hours: 424.9
review: Excellent game!
game-hours: 435.7
review: Sorry for my English, but.. Not caught in the beginning, but later fascinated very much. This world does not want to leave, do not want to play other games as "The atmosphere is wonderful and the world can coexist with other". About fine: after some time - without mods "in any way", they are diverse, funny, mysterious and full taste, and all I want to decorate and diversify this world that attracts you more. And how many do not play and you get a lot of fun. Of the shortcomings can be identified imperfect pumping system skills, as has circulated quickly certain skill, you can easily kill any enemy of the rat to the dragon, but it is the little things and this is purely my opinion. Play, try, Skyrim worth the time spent, it's a wonderful holiday!)
game-hours: 520.0
review: Best game I've played with the best memories.
game-hours: 44.3
review: One of the most beautiful open world RPG I have ever played, the music, the enviroment, the characters, everything is awesome! The only bad thing is that the game is too good and addictive.
game-hours: 176.3
review: RPG!!!
game-hours: 67.8
review: Prepare your nimitz carrier group for assault on Alduins Skooma empire running rampant throughout Skyrim. Your crew, a group of leftist hippies must be whipped in to shape by your candy , don't be afraid to embalm and brutally beat down your crew to the ways of the Empire.
game-hours: 349.4
review: The best game I ever played in my life, perfect atmosphere, perfect combat, history more than perfect, amazing characters. If on sale buy it. If it isn't on sale buy it. u'll never get tired of playing this amazing game.
game-hours: 1444.8
review: Latest game in the Elder Scrolls series (prior to Elder Scrolls Online), many elements of the game have been dumbed down and/or streamlined for more casual gamers to get into it. If you ignore all the great things from previous games though this game stands on it's own merits as a fun romp through a sandbox world. The singlular reason to buy this game on steam rather than on the console is the capablity to be modded. Check the Steam Workshop and the Nexusmods for details on that. You are in control - you can change the difficutly at any time, you can install whatever mods you want to make the game more enjoyable. Anything you want you can do. If you want to challange yourself, legendary difficutly + difficutly enhancing mods exist. If you want it easy, then novice difficutly lets you hack and slash your way through the story and of course there are all shades in between. Swords, Maces, Bows/Crossbows, Shields, Dual Wielding, Magic, and more. Play the way you want that's the name of the game. Your experience is what you make of it, imagine you are in a story and play that way!
game-hours: 53.6
review: mod it till it crashes :^)
game-hours: 103.0
review: Honestly, what can't be said about Skyrim that hasn't been said already? The game is everything you want out of the series minus all the garbage clogging up the previous games. Its beautiful looking, even moreso in motion, has fantastic modding support, and can sustain you for a very very very long time. To top it all off, the game goes on sale for super cheap, making this one of the easiest recommendations I can make. Buy this game and mod it to hell and back.
game-hours: 47.8
review: Amazing game that I know I will loose hours of my life to like all Bethesda Games. Buy it if you plan on loosing all social life for weeks 10/10
game-hours: 81.6
review: If you're expecting a game with loads of varied  to do and challenging, deep, gameplay mechanics, this game is not for you. If you're expecting a game that's like a superdrug in terms of addiction, then this is for you. People claim this game has "Infinite quests" when it doesn't really. It has about an estimate of about 50 different kinds of missions from different factions that you can do over and over and over until those stats all reach 100. Then you legendary them and start all over again; All in all this will probably take you 100 to 1000+ hours depending on the kind of stuff you do. Luckily though, modders have salvaged this game into a truly infinite experience. I'm pretty sure any and all issues one might have with this game can be easily addressed with a mod on the workshop. My one and only problem with skyrim is that I never recall any distinct sensation of "Fun" or memorability (Aside from the clearly lovingly created world behind the game) to be had in the game outside of the Thieve's Guild or The Dark Brotherhood, though that didn't stop me from playing it for several hours. That's why I find it hard to review this game. Whether or not it's worth a purchase depends on whether you play games for enjoyment or to kill your time. Seeing as it accomplishes a colossal amount of time killing in comparison to most other AAA games regardless of the fact that most of it feels like busywork without any fun mods, I have no choice but to leave "recommended" and not a "Not recommended". I mean, in the end, this game captured my attention, and I still will likely go back to it for several more hours when I feel like getting back into the game. So didn't it accomplish what it set out to do? That's debatable, but it's still worth a purchase on the basis that it's a game that will hold off the need for other games for a while. And it goes on sale more often than most games, so it's hard to truly go wrong with this game.
game-hours: 425.1
review: Idk, I think i could make 2 or 3 decent vids on it. 7/10
game-hours: 304.3
review: Very addicting game. It's much more fun if you get tons of mods for it. :)
game-hours: 253.3
review: 10/10 would give away my social life again.
game-hours: 49.9
review: I stole the cup and all villagers tried to catch me. Love this game. 25/10
game-hours: 69.1
review: Arguably one of the best games of all time.
game-hours: 35.7
review: This game is just AWESOME! Open world, Lot of story main and background, big skill tree, very goog mechanics If you like Fantasy like LOTR or GOT you will like it... Also you can mod it so it is even better. Sometimes some bugs happen but you can fix it (console commands,workshop or nature way) After all that this is one of the best games ever made :)
game-hours: 105.2
review: You yell at people and sometimes a dragon comes to make you stop yelling at people so much.
game-hours: 151.3
review: One day I dowloaded 200 mods, got into game, every npc had a penguin as their head. Some guy asked me if I wanted to see his "broadsword", he proceeded to kill me, I then spawned in a cabbage, it glitched and killed me, my body flew into space, and then my game crashed. 9/10 - too much water
game-hours: 17.8
review: If this game was a Potato, it would be in a art museum.
game-hours: 83.5
review: sik geim
game-hours: 96.5
review: Years spent developing The Elder Scrolls V, after IV Oblivion in 2006 and the work put into Skyrim is evident. Released in 2011, we are no longer able to call Skyrim an up-to-date game yet it still tricks you in that sense with its breathtaking graphics, of which make the world around you feel beautiful whilst still portraying the hard, gritty coldness of the snowy nordic homeland. The main quest starts with you as a prisoner (again) in the middle of a civil war between the Imperials who had gained control of Skyrim and allowed everyone to live there, and the Stormcloaks who are nordic rebels led by Jarl Ulfric Stormcloak, who seem to only want Nords in Skyrim. On the verge of execution you find the dragons have returned and after having narrowly escaped with your life you set out to defeat the dragons, finding out you are Dovahkiin, dragonborn. On top of this main quest there are quadrillions of side missions, all of which add fresh varieties to your time in Skyrim and allow you discover more locations in the world around you; you can fight the great war with either the Imperials or the Stormcloaks, you can join the Dark Brotherhood and assassinate the Emperor, you can join the college of Winterhold and aspire to become Arch-Mage. The freedom in Skyrim is incredible and the developers have made it so that all the decisions you make on your free roaming have an affect on your gameplay and quests, take a pilgrimage to the different temples, visit all 9 holds, join the thieves guild in Riften, explore hidden caves and burial sites, hunt down daedra, the world is in your hands. Then when you have done adventuring for the day, buy a house in one of the major cities and sit down to read one of Skyrims hundreds of detailed books, all giving you more information about the Elder Scrolls lore and some helping you level up or start a new quest. In conclusion, I love the Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim and recommend it to everyone, it is a fantastic game which will allow you hours of enjoyment and whilst it has nice graphics and good gameplay, actually is not very demanding in spec. My Skyrim rating: 10/10 Buy it!
game-hours: 234.3
review: I wanna die and be reborn in Skyrim. That's how much I love it.
game-hours: 181.2
review: Great game but unfortunately it obliterated my social life.
game-hours: 9.5
review: this game is fun with nippel mods (booobies) just turn off display when my mom comes in !!!!!
game-hours: 1281.2
review: Quite simply, the greatest game ever made. I played this game for a year after it came out. Then I got involved in some other games for a year or so and then decided to go back and play Skyrim again. It was just as fresh and exciting the second time around as it was the first time that I played it. Skyrim is VAST. Huge. Monstrous. There is just so much to do here that it never seems to get old. I only used a few simple mods, no real game changers, just a few things to make the game a bit more fun for me. BUT for those who want them there are thousands of mods that WILL change the game which adds entirely new game play possibilities. I'm done gushing for now. I can wholeheartedly recommend this game to anyone who has ever had an inkling to play an RPG. Best game ever. Really.
game-hours: 51.2
review: Goty 10/10.
game-hours: 17.9
review: Believe me ,there's no need for a detalied review about this game." Best game I've ever played " is more than enough. Got this game on PS3, on X360 and now on PC. Still didn't have enough of it.
game-hours: 80.1
review: Best walking simluator out there.
game-hours: 25.1
review: I can only say... This is one of the top best games I've ever played. The story is fun and gives a lot of options. Freeroam is massive and full of excitement, quests just add to the fun, and who doesn't like fighting dragons? ING... DRAGONS!!! No matter what you may think of this game, BUY IT.
game-hours: 202.5
review: Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a vast open world for you to explore, dungeons with so much loot you could possible imagine; from your normal Iron armor to Demora armor. You play as a custom character you create, not much different from past Elder Scrolls games. And your on your way to be exicuted in a little imperial town of Helgen, then a dragon attacks and you make a atempt to excape, you get out and the whole world of Skyrim is yours to explore! 10/10 - Ninja Kitty
game-hours: 25.5
review: I beat my wife while abusing the immortality glitch and got my one handed skill to 100 10/10 would beat wife again
game-hours: 33.7
review: best game to marry your fictitious waifu
game-hours: 476.2
review: Seriously if you don't own & love this you need immediate professional help. Consult you're nearest medical centre and get your pulse checked for any sign of life. If you have one, you've probably not played Skyrim.
game-hours: 42.7
review: Fantasy Holiday Simulator 2011
game-hours: 291.5
review: Gorgeous game. Not as good as Oblivion, but a great way to spend an afternoon lost in the outstanding storyline. 9/10
game-hours: 103.7
review: The fifth game of The Elder Scrolls franchise. Skyrim is a unique roleplaying , action and adventure game that you could never compare to any other title. You start out as a prisoner going towards Helgen to be executed , but luckily a dragon comes to destroy it and you manage to escape. From there on you make your adventure. You can do anything you find interesting such as doing side quests , the main story quests , exploring the huge lands of Skyrim or leveling up your skills. The main story isn't that long , but the side quests will take around 1000 hours to all be completed. The Elder Scrolls V:Skyrim has a high replayability or if you ever get bored from the vanila version , get mods from the Skyrim Steam Workshop or from the Skyrim Nexus. You won't go wrong by buying this game, even if its published 2011.
game-hours: 265.7
review: This has been one of my favorite games of all time, the depth of exploration and the game play have been unmatched by anything else I have played.
game-hours: 156.6
review: The only game that made me go from 9pm to 3am without even noticing.
game-hours: 85.3
review: I have put many hours into Bethesdas latest Elder Scrolls game and I can confidently say its great! Explore the vast wilderness of the Nordic homeland or relax in one of the many populated holds the game offers. Complete quests in a variety of ways resulting in great value, just create another character (yes you have to play through the same helgen part over and over again) and set forth on your quest... The amount of choice in the game is spectacular for open world RPG lovers, change your characters eyebrows and ears to degrees of precision that I never thought possible. Many of the larger questlines have a set path for you to follow with smaller choices along the way whilst side quests let you choose (usually from 2 options) which path to take. Mods are a great way to keep things interesting, not only can you change the game in ways that give it a whole new feel, but you can just tweak things like textures or weapon appearance. For a relatively small amount you can add in Solstheim or Fort dawnguard to your world and enjoy the new threats and adventures the world holds, or give up your dragon fighting ways, hang up your daedric armour and start a family, giving Skyrim a new generation of Dragonborn (if it is genetic)
game-hours: 136.2
review: Did you ever want to forget about real life, and get in a whole new world? Yes? Perfect. The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is the game with the most immersive world I have ever seen. The map is enormous, and the gameplay is complex to the point where it feels like you could actually live in the game. There are so many quests to follow, it will waste your days for weeks, or even months.
game-hours: 406.6
review: Playing this game without 2K - 4K texture replacing mods and no ENB Preset should be a crime. Playing Skyrim in 2014 with no mods at all is just wrong and sad, really. Also, be ashamed of yourself if you haven't ever configured an .ini file. Lastly: Never ever clean your Skyrim.esm when using Tes5Edit, nor shall you ever use K ENB without having an SLI/Crossfire setup (except if you have a 980, then you may squeeze more than 30 fps)
game-hours: 82.6
review: if u lik gaem wit dargon and macgic and stuf then u will lik this gaem bcuz it has dargons that r rely gud and u can eat potins and u can be assin lik rel gud and stuf and you still a dargon bron.
game-hours: 20.3
review: I killed a man for a horse that I rode for 75 metres. 17/10
game-hours: 295.0
review: This game is by far the best game ever. It's wayyy different to most other rpg games. It's worth the money.
game-hours: 101.5
review: The pinnacle of open-world RPGs. You simply won't find a game with more freedom. Be who you want. Do what you want. Go where you want. Pros: -You can breathe fire. -Rampant misogyny. -Overt racism. -Ability to decapitate your foes. -Alcoholism. -Moon Sugar. Cons: -Bears. -Two 'Main Quests' that are in no way related. -Government Bureaucracy. -Milkdrinkers. I would recommend this game to Men, Narcissists, Politicians, Bear Hunters.
game-hours: 90.9
review: One of the greatest games I'll ever play. Has a mod for practically everything. From killing children, to bouncing boobs, and to better graphics.
game-hours: 342.3
review: There are little midget people that like to play tag
game-hours: 190.5
review: *whispers* SKYYRIMMMMMM
game-hours: 409.1
review: Elder Scrolls Skyrim: To some a game. To others a commitment. To me? My Destiny. This game is sent from the gods. TL;DR-Get it now
game-hours: 72.2
review: Better on PC then! Lots of extras on worshop. And the rest of this review is just so I can get a badge
game-hours: 150.8
review: If you're looking for a game where you can easily sink into an epic land of fantasy and adventure, Skyrim is the game you're looking for. This is honestly the best game I've ever played, and I've played a lot of great games. Skyrim gives you plenty of options which gives you a unique sense of freedom you don't see in most games, another great thing about Skyrim is the plot. Skyrim's plot is one of the most epic story-lines you'll ever see in a game.
game-hours: 105.2
review: Once again bethesda set fire to the orphanage of 'being ' and produce what Fleece Johnson would classify as 'sweet booty'. In this dragonpocalypse simulator you can use swords, arrows, magic and even your voice to dispense justice like a  vending machine. There are no limit to the shenanigans you can get yourself into. Simply join a clan and beat things with the point end. Everyone is hiring from the Mage's guild to the Faze clan. Apparently you can join Al Queda but I couldn't find the front door. 20.5 Gregs/22 would recommend to anyone that isn't a .
game-hours: 73.1
review: I haven't even started the game yet because the title screen music is so glorious.
game-hours: 199.7
review: I stole a wooden spoon and got prison for life. 10/10
game-hours: 210.7
review: My review for The Elder Scrolls V Skyrim: - Various races with their different abilities (you can even become a cat or a lizard too). You can be a boy or a gurl (and I'm not Prof. Oak). - A lot of quests (really guys, maybe I can finish most of unrepeatable quests, but by the time i've done that, i probably spent more than 1000 hours. - The map is vast, a lot of point of interest, and by the time you unlock every one of them, your map's gonna be full and heavier. duh. - Travel Skyrim as the mighty dragonborn, a warrior who can master every kind of weapons and magic, and also have a dragon blood running through your veins, Which is nice. Oh, and you can also shout with the dragon language. So you can curse people without them understand it. Because two things, one, they literally don't understand what you're saying, two, they're probably dead, cuz dragon language rulez. FUS RO DAH. - Even though you are destined to be the mighty dragonborn, you can, and you should seek part-time job. You can be a blacksmith, potion or poison brewer, equipment enchanter, whatever that is. - You can join a group of mercenaries, magic nerds, bunch of kleptomaniacs, or fraternity of murderer. Oh, you can also become vampires, or against them (Blade will be proud), and have your own castle (you have to share with your fellow hobos, though. - Oh, and you can marry, too. Good for you, forever alone. - You can drag dead bodies whenever you want, throw junk whenever you want, and the guard still ignoring you. - This game is moddable, original is great, with mods, no question asked. 9/10
game-hours: 361.9
review: When I first left Helgen and went to Riverwood I saw a chicken... I then killed that chicken so that I may eat it... afterwards the whole town immediatly started attack me... I killed them... went to whiterun... got arrested and basically started my real adventure in a jail cell... but I still kept the chicken's remains so it was all worth it! 10/10
game-hours: 37.2
review: AHUET` IGRA BOL`SHOI MIR PROSTO AHUET` B`ESH` DRAKONA, YBIVAESH` DRAKONA, PIZDEC DRAKONY SKYRIM DLYA NORDOV PIZDEC NAHUI GEMPLEI---- 666/10 MYZIKA------228/10 SUJET--------322/10 GRAFIKA--------7/10
game-hours: 10.0
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim. It's just one of those gems in gaming where as soon as when you get into it you may lose the way out. I originally played skyrim and it's official expansions on the PS3 version on their release days and i haven't played a game that good in a long time. Time spent was nothing impressive for elder scrolls standards though mind you it's just roughly +400 hours or so on the main save playing as a khajiit with a warrior/assasin build & playstyle. sword > shield later 2 words and from a bow i went to a dwarven crossbow (DLC wep) What makes this game so much fun is that it's easy to learn for users both new and not so new how to play it. You start of with whatever weapons and armor you can scavenge, steal, craft or be gifted and one step at a time as time flies by you discover and learn new ways to improve your skills and armor. All you have to do is pick up any weapon you like and use it in combat. Tired of that same sword? purchase a bow! bow too boring? craft a hammer! the options really nearly endless. Skyrim is also one of those games that is not only about fighting and exploring either. you can buy your own house, you can get married and live a happy life together or alone. Handy to know for some of you out there is that this game allows players the choice to start same sex relations, i know it's been a debate and a gaming media thing so for that exact reason i'm just gonna throw it outta there it in hopes it might be useful for anyone who find this important. But back to the home thing. In the hearthome expansion pack (5,00 $5,00 Steam store) the home and marriage feature gets a nice big upgrade which gives you the ability to get a plot of land at 3 set locations and build your own house from scratch starting with a small simple cottage to perhaps a huge manion complete with kitchens, bedrooms, armories, and livestock which you can decorate as you see fit. if you meet the criteria it also allows you to adopt up to 2 children to raise as your own and adopt a pet (Note: Please adopt meeko). again the possibilities are nearly endless. For those who like to turn a page or two and read something in their own time about the history of skyrim or simple daily things like spear polishing and putting bread in the oven the elder scrolls V: skyrim has more than 1000 pages of lore spread through all of skyrim covering many topics such as history, myth, monsters, races, religion, art, and more. these books are found in caves, homes, stores and pretty much anywhere people have been. be on the lookout some of them are actually pretty fun to read. To sum things up skryim is a masterpiece any player can easily lose the time on pure from the many features and near perfect constructed world. Be warned! All the best! (s.i.e)
game-hours: 725.8
review: 3 years later, people still add mod like it was 2011 :))))) <3
game-hours: 247.0
review: This is the Perfect game for Adventurer at home because there are tons of quest in this game Enjoy!
game-hours: 481.6
review: Buy this game and let it consume your life, forget friends, food, toilet ect., play this game and/or DIE!
game-hours: 288.0
review: Best game on Steam 10/10
game-hours: 137.5
review: Very nice game, lots of shinny things too touch 10/10
game-hours: 79.0
review: DOVAKHIIN! DOVAKHIIN! NANANAAANA NA NA! DOVAKHIIN! DOVAKHIIN! NANANANAA NA NA!
game-hours: 37.2
review: The perfect game to make an epic journey. Will suit many playstyles and player preferences, and most likely even excel it in the process. Of course I recommend it, it's obviously one of the best RPGs ever out there! P.S.: ...Just installed it again and played for like 4 hours without a break. Damn it, it's so immersive!
game-hours: 327.3
review: This is my first foray into the Elder Scrolls series, though I bought Oblivion and Morrowind and will get around to exploring those eventually. I played a little of Morrowind but not enough to form an opinion yet (so far it's neato!). It's one of the most beautiful games I've ever played and the music is gorgeous and haunting. I've sunk many hours into this game but I still haven't completed the main questline. I'll get around to it eventually, but there's so much to do and see that it doesn't matter. I'm thinking i should increase the difficulty a bit. It's easy to cheese everything if you choose blacksmithing, enchanting, and alchemy. The combat overall could be better. HOWEVER, there are many, many mods that fix the game's flaws and add all sorts of wonderful things. Do you want to add more immersion? Well, there are survival mods that affect the food you eat, how deeply the cold influences your behavior, and how you attack. If you don't like something, get a mod that changes it! If you need a "desert island" game this one is it due to its endless replay value.
game-hours: 40.9
review: >Be me >19 y/o khajjit >Wants some Skooma >This guy says he can hook me up >Go to location its imperials (oh nonoonono) >bout to get executed >get saved by a dragon >talk to greybeards >mfw im dragonborn >1000/10 IGN
game-hours: 103.2
review: I don't think any game can ever replace the feeling I get while playing this. Amazing is not simply the word that describes Skyrim.
game-hours: 35.4
review: Shot a man in the face with an arrow then hid in a corner until he thought it was just his imagination. 9/10
game-hours: 56.2
review: Murdering chickens will get you killed. I have played this sience it came out many years ago, and i still love it! 11/10
game-hours: 210.7
review: My review for The Elder Scrolls V Skyrim: - Various races with their different abilities (you can even become a cat or a lizard too). You can be a boy or a gurl (and I'm not Prof. Oak). - A lot of quests (really guys, maybe I can finish most of unrepeatable quests, but by the time i've done that, i probably spent more than 1000 hours. - The map is vast, a lot of point of interest, and by the time you unlock every one of them, your map's gonna be full and heavier. duh. - Travel Skyrim as the mighty dragonborn, a warrior who can master every kind of weapons and magic, and also have a dragon blood running through your veins, Which is nice. Oh, and you can also shout with the dragon language. So you can curse people without them understand it. Because two things, one, they literally don't understand what you're saying, two, they're probably dead, cuz dragon language rulez. FUS RO DAH. - Even though you are destined to be the mighty dragonborn, you can, and you should seek part-time job. You can be a blacksmith, potion or poison brewer, equipment enchanter, whatever that is. - You can join a group of mercenaries, magic nerds, bunch of kleptomaniacs, or fraternity of murderer. Oh, you can also become vampires, or against them (Blade will be proud), and have your own castle (you have to share with your fellow hobos, though. - Oh, and you can marry, too. Good for you, forever alone. - You can drag dead bodies whenever you want, throw junk whenever you want, and the guard still ignoring you. - This game is moddable, original is great, with mods, no question asked. 9/10
game-hours: 1196.0
review: Skyrim with all the DLCs is what I would call my "warm safe place". I won't forget almost sh*ting my pants when I saw first dragon. Thousands of hours later I hunt them like rabbits. ;) I must admit I've enjoyed Black Hand storyline the most, amazing. I guess you have to be of certain age to appreciate this kind of effort...
game-hours: 12.7
review: Somebody stole my sweetroll and every guard in every town knows it. I think it's a conspiracy.
game-hours: 423.2
review: My 400+ hours in game ought to say something about the vastness of the game world and the wisdom of paying whatever this game currently costs to play it. Even in Morrowind, I think I never spent more than 120 hours total. I've played Daggerfall, Morrowind, and now this game and the MMO beta in the franchise. Every time the Elder Scrolls takes a step forward, it seems to lose some things that made me a fan of the series earlier on, while expanding upon others--for better or worse. I miss the ability to buy a sailing ship, to craft any sort of spell (even levitation), and to make any sort of class I wanted. I don't like that you can simply be just about everything to everyone if you follow all the different quest lines to completion. I don't like that you have to choose between two sides that suck in a war in order to enjoy certain added benefits and plotlines. I find it irritating (SPOILER ALERT) that the imperials should be such a bland bunch of lackeys led by someone who apparently has real virtue--until you assasinate him, while the other side seems like a good bunch of warriors led by such an uninspiring, self-important primadonna. I especially find it irritating that although you can be all things to all people in all plotlines, with the one exception of being forced to choose between two equally uninspiring sides, the one thing you can never be is ruler, no matter what you do. You can kill dragons, and even emperors, but you cannot do anything to become ruler of Skyrim. Seems kind of silly to me. Okay, so maybe Skyrim would never welcome an Argonian to rule over them... but if we're going to play the reality card, well, there's a lot lacking in the major plotlines in that respect. I also don't like that you're forced into a few things that I find personally detestable once you initiate a given quest. I wouldn't recommend letting anyone under 18 play this game either as there are too many mature moments. Even so, with all its glaring faults, this has been my favorite game in the series to date. I whole-heartedly recommend it to anyone who enjoys fantasy rpg's.
game-hours: 157.2
review: Pretty good.
game-hours: 41.5
review: When you walk into riverwood. Attack the chicken by the gate. And then save. 10/10
game-hours: 383.5
review: Beyond memorable and enjoyable, Skyrim has surpassed all of its predecessor in many ways no one can imagine. With no room of denying, this game is perhaps the most immersive Role-Playing Game Bethesda has ever created. Buy it now!
game-hours: 11.9
review: Like Skyrim without guns.
game-hours: 29.1
review: It's an Elder scrolls game, do you really even need to think about buying this game? just buy the game, i got this game for 360 on it's release, back then my laptop could not handle it, now it can, so a veryyyyy late review, but still, MUST BUY, and if you are new to Elder scrolls, then just buy morrowind and oblivion aswell, just because you won't regret it at all!, ENJOY!
game-hours: 191.5
review: I sunk 191 hours into this game. Need I say more?
game-hours: 259.7
review: This game is ing good. Its hard to resist not playing Skyrim. When almost all the games in my library has failed to entertain me, this game comes and fills me with joy. But of course there are sometimes where it gets frustrating and annoying, but what can I say, I am just a beginer gamer. I started gaming in the biging of 2013. This game one of my most favorite and precious games ever. I recomend you buy this game above any other games. Rating so far as I have played the game: UNLIMITED/10
game-hours: 379.1
review: Play Skyrim......create YOUR Skyrim...live the fantasy,
game-hours: 6.3
review: I killed a girl, took her clothes, and threw her off the mountian. 10/10
game-hours: 156.7
review: This game is great, the story is long going, the things you can do within the game are great (Enchanting, Random Dragon Appearences etc. and the Quests are fun. I like the game. C:
game-hours: 31.8
review: you like games
game-hours: 77.3
review: [10/10] Even PC version didn't dissapointed me. + possibility of mods available on PC :3 As RPG this belong to best ones of breed and only few titles can compete with TES:V. Bethesda made good step forward with new combat mechanics and game mechanics themselves. this is..... masterpiece. Game of the Decade.
game-hours: 12.9
review: This game is huge... maybe even too huge for its own good. Even after 300 hours of gameplay there are things you don't know about and will surprise you. But sadly by that time you will feel a bit bored with combat and some other repeating things. No worries though. With workshop and all the mods you can make Skyrim 10 times better game. If that's even possible because it already is an ultimate game cosidered to be one of the best of all time.
game-hours: 46.6
review: Brilliant game! having it on steam is even better because of the workshop. make the game a thousand times better.
game-hours: 18.4
review: Best Game Ever
game-hours: 95.8
review: Great game, but a little easy. You need to play at the legendary difficulty.
game-hours: 80.5
review: I'm writing this review for anyone who actually needs to read a review for skyrim. Because you know, there aren't any out there already. Gaem iz gud, buy if u hev 2 pley of lyne (The game is wonderful, you should really buy it because it has a great modding community and the game itself is fantastic, with a long story line that you don't have to follow and an open world where you can kill (almost (important NPCs)) anyone. this game is a must have because t's great for offline play and when you're online. The game is beautiful... uhh Mods, mods, and mods, can make the game pretty much anything. for example the thomas the tank engine mod turns all the dragons into trains. Idk why. but it's there.) Story: 10/10 Gameplay: 10/10 Presentation: 9/10 (-1 Point for bugs, errors, glitches etc. They are common enough) Soundtrack: 10/10 (epic) Replayability: 10/10 (THE MODS)
game-hours: 93.5
review: It's like Skyrim, but with mods.
game-hours: 11.2
review: Worth it
game-hours: 66.4
review: Not really sure what I'm err.. Supposed to write about Skyrim here, I mean seriously it's Skyrim. If you don't own it yet, your hopes for Half-Life 3 have completely consumed your life... Not like that's a bad thing but seriously Skyrim, buy it before the 6th one comes out.
game-hours: 136.8
review: I LIKE DRAGONS.
game-hours: 52.5
review: I mass murdered some towns and cities, and jerked off onto the corpses
game-hours: 42.5
review: -Skyrim; I'm not sure how I can review this, never having played older TES games, but I can safely say, after a better playthrough, this is a good game. -Gameplay is pretty varied, ranging from full-on combat, using magic, or my all-time favourite: sneaking. -Combat... Isn't brilliant. It isn't stiff like a rock, but still a bit rough. It has some dinamic though, like executions, different attacks for different directions, and special effects like extra damage on undead, or freeze damage on stamina and magicka, etc. -As for quests, I feel like the game really shined in the guild quests, the companions, college, and thieves'. But was lackluster on early-game story missions. That being my opinion though. -Side missions are interesting at least, but some are/seem boring and occupy space on your journal. -The leveling system works a bit "weird", differently from what I'm used to. By getting good at a skill: One Handed, Destruction spells, lockpicking you gain overall EXP, then you use tab and click level up, not fully fond of it. -Overall, I'd give it an 8/10 since a max rating has to be a perfect game for me, and I have not found one yet. -Leave your feedback below. Thanks
game-hours: 218.6
review: With the right erotic mods from the nexus and lover's lab this game becomes the ultimate fapping simulator of 2014! 10/10 Would bang
game-hours: 172.4
review: Just... WOW!!!! 10/10 ! This game is worth all the money!
game-hours: 240.3
review: You don't own it?
game-hours: 81.3
review: Play as Skyman in the Legend of the Boosher.
game-hours: 524.8
review: Absolutely hands down the most addicting game ever.
game-hours: 116.8
review: I walked from Helgen to Solitude and stopped in every dungeon. I don't know how.
game-hours: 89.9
review: good
game-hours: 13.6
review: DANK
game-hours: 142.2
review: I love this game, it's the best game I ever played! It never gets boring. I would even dare te say that it's most likely better than bacon.
game-hours: 32.5
review: This game isn't dragon down my fun
game-hours: 8.5
review: Such a great game, i can go wherever i want and do whatever i want! 5/5
game-hours: 93.0
review: This is my favorite game, it is the best ever!!!
game-hours: 71.4
review: I can't stop coming back to this. Somehow, Steam hasn't even logged all of the hours I've put into this. One of the brilliant things about Elder Scrolls is how simple it is to charge right through the story (if you have your waypoints on) or to just roam around endlessly for hundreds of hours doing nothing of significance. It's genuinely beautiful, especially when you consider the myriad of content created by other users to add to this game.
game-hours: 292.8
review: The epic atmosphere that wraps this chapter of the TES saga is stunning, allowing the player to dive into a magic world on the edge of a crysis felt never before. The gameplay is quite simplified compared to the previous chapters, nonetheless it still gives a special insight into the fantastic lore of The Elder Scrolls. 10/10
game-hours: 151.9
review: Before you point out my low playtime on record, know that I only obtained Skyrim on this account recently. I have done multiple completionist playthroughs and have been spending significant amounts of time modding over the past year. Skyrim is a massive game by itself, but add on the massive modding community and you have a game which is just as endless as Minecraft. The power of mods is a force to be reckoned with, with enough mods installed you can turn Skyrim's graphics from mediocre to unmatched. Despite this, the sheer scope of the vanilla game means that it is still a highly enjoyable experience. With all this in mind, I can say one thing for certain: "You have to buy this game."
game-hours: 66.1
review: The only game where i spent around 6 months in my room beating up wolves with my bare hands. Everyone loves me now.
game-hours: 53.8
review: Never have I thought to myself, "I would like a rabbit that can shout like me, a giant lizard running around kicking people as I yell, 'Godzilla!!!', female NPCs with large breasts, a dragon that is almost identical to Macho-Man Randy Savage, and the ability to kill kids." That was before I played Skyrim on PC. You hear people who play this on Xbox go on and on about finding 'Dawnbreaker' or completing the Dark Brotherhood questline. I just butt in and say, "Yeah, but have you ever ridden a giant rabbit into battle?" 12/10 Like Skyrim with Mods.
game-hours: 66.4
review: MODS MODS MODS!!!. This game was awesomewithout mods. So its a no brainer that this game will be great for more years to come
game-hours: 183.5
review: Wow, I don't even know what to say about this game that hasn't already been said. It's awesome, and it's definitely worth the time to prepare your computer and the game itself to play it. I'm just at a loss for words here on how much this game was worth the price. I would recommend buying the set with every game in it plus the DLC's; there's more bang for your buck. There is a LOT to do while still being engaging and I look for games with that, which there are few of in the RPG category. I haven't played it enough to give full rundowns on all the cool features, but this game gets an A+ in my grade-book! (Seriously I can't put into words enough to say, but it's just incredible and if I had it planned out like an essay I'd have a page or two written for this.)
game-hours: 2486.7
review: Skyrim > Oblivion > Dragon Age 2
game-hours: 40.1
review: Mountain Climbing Simulator 2011 is one of the best simulator games I have ever played. Only down side is that they tried to tie in a plot into this. Yes, a little back story is kinda good on why you must climb so many mountains, but this game just takes it over the top. 9.75/10. Remove the plot; add more mountains. Then it will be 10/10.
game-hours: 316.1
review: esse  mto
game-hours: 147.9
review: THis is a great game it has a great story line, Lots of action, and hours of gameplay, one of the best ive ever played
game-hours: 193.5
review: By far one of the best open world games in existence. Hundreds upon hundreds of hours of gameplay with a setting worth exploring. If you decide to buy this game (Which you really should) pick up Dragonborn, it's incredible.
game-hours: 260.0
review: got over encumbered after picking up a feather 11/10 would pick up more feathers
game-hours: 219.5
review: One of the best games i have played in my life. And you NEEDD to play this game.
game-hours: 1761.0
review: Do I recomend this game... HELL YES! I've been so busy playing the game, I never wrote a review, I have played this game far more than any other game I have tried, and with all the mods from various places, the game possabillites are endless. I would get into some of my personal mods I am using, but I will spare you the details other than possible infestations and pregnancies. The balance of the Vanilla game is great, and it happens to be a great starter for one to play. I use the Creation Kit to make changes so I don't have to run to town before getting half way through a single "dungeon", and I tried on several aspects to increase rank wise for aditional perks in different areas. Like for use of 4 enchantments instead of 2, but it is set up where you can only up it once, not 3 times, so was forced to hit 4 directly. And same thing with increased carriing capacity, allows for only a single upgrade to it. Am still a novice, or I would change the base settings to add more branches off that one. Once you learn the controls, that are quite simple, game play is smooth, combat is not really my thing in most games, but in this game, it keeps me going back for more, on a regular bassis, Difficulty is moddable while in game, even in battle, to make the boss fights a bit easier if needed... Ok, there is just too much for me to say about this game, and after speaking with friends, this is the last True "Elder Scrolls" game, as the Online version totally sucks, and not even made by the same team that made this game, shame shame... Anyway, This is the game I play, as my times show, and will continue to grow as time wears on, and new mods become available as 3rd party content, I will add it to my game such as,"Become a Lord" in my case, Lady... Should just say Jarl so there is no gender differientials... Ok, back to my game, Have to Kill Aulduin for the 10th time....
game-hours: 155.7
review: Very nice game, good mods avalable to make it look like a serious game! story is quite good
game-hours: 193.5
review: Don't play it. Especially not with mods. It will ruin you
game-hours: 42.2
review: .
game-hours: 288.5
review: Skyrim is a complicated game to review, even after all these hours. In its original form it is somewhat lacking. I've seen the phrase "wide as an ocean, deep as a puddle" used in reference to Skyrim and I understand why. For all its virtues are substantial vices, trade-offs that may be necessary but have a tangible effect on the overall experience. Allow me to elaborate. The sense of exploration comes at the cost of individual locations rarely being very memorable, with few exceptions. The sense of freedom comes at the cost of a truly strong narrative: the return of dragons as heralds of the apocalypse at Alduin's claws never becomes as fleshed out as it could have been. This is supposed to be a nation at civil war and a world on the brink of annihilation, but that never really shows in game in a very tangible way. The story elements of the game have plenty of "telling", but comparatively little "showing". Even aside from direct story, most characters are simply there for the sake of existing. Few are more than 2-dimensional, or for that matter worth remembering. Paarthurnax is the stand out for me personally. I don't expect every NPC to be relatable or have clear backstory. That would be ridiculous, in a game this size. Still, while it's understandable it's still grating after a while. The game play is simplified compared to its predecesors, as I'm sure you have heard people complain about. This isn't entirely a bad thing, but remains a matter of taste. I found some elements of Morrownd and Oblivion more complex than truly necessary, while others will see Skyrim as stripped down in comparison. To be fair, it is. Objectively, features and gameplay elements have been removed. How much that affects your enjoyment is another matter. I enjoyed both Skyrim and its predecessors despite their differences. So if vanilla Skyrim has flaws and virtues in equal measure, is Skyrim still worth getting? Yes. It cannot be overstated how much difference mods can make for this game. New lands to explore, expanded gameplay elements for vampirism and lycanthropy, more weapons and armor, better hair and face models... If you can think of it, someone has probably got a mod for it. This makes Skyrim customizable in a way few other games can boast. If you're willing to make the effort of learning to mod it, the game is absolutely worth it. If you're not, it may be best to wait for a sale. It gets a price drop on a near-constant basis, so chances are you won't need to wait long.
game-hours: 125.5
review: A game that enables you to play as either gender and personalise your character to the last detail is always going to gain my interest. A game where you can ride horses, use magic and beat the  out of dragons is definitely going to gain my interest. A game that isn't linear, is packed with fantasy and lets you wear badass armour and make or find formidable weaponry is.... yeah, you get the point. Skyrim is just so full of everything that you couldn't play it the same way twice. Right from the beginning, you can choose the type of person you are going to be. A sneaky thief, a wizard, a hero, an assassin, an annoying git; you can follow whichever path you feel like and change it daily, if you want to. You can build houses and adopt children. You can punch random people in the head. You can start bar fights. You can murder innocents. You can adopt stray doggies. You can marry in a same sex marriage (well played for beating the UK at this). You can save villages. You can wreak havoc in villages. You can make enemies of an entire race of people. You can assassinate kings or make them kiss your butt. I could go on... Even if you dislike the concept of magic and prefer the 'down and dirty' physical combat like I do, the game does not disappoint. The storyline retains its relevance throughout and keeps you absorbed. And I haven't even mentioned the incredible, contrasting scenery yet. Highly, highly, recommended. I didn't even LIKE RPGs before I played Skyrim, and now I am searching in vain for a game to live up to it.
game-hours: 93.0
review: This is my favorite game, it is the best ever!!!
game-hours: 32.5
review: This game isn't dragon down my fun
game-hours: 187.2
review: motha in' DRAGONS
game-hours: 186.6
review: What is best in life? To crush your enemies, to see them driven before you, and to hear the lamentations of their women. Crom!
game-hours: 447.1
review: My Review: ONE OF THEE GREATEST VIDEO GAMES IN THE HISTORY OF GAMING. PERIOD. Seriously though, this game has set the one of the highest standards (along side Fallout 3) for an open world, rpg, action/adventure game. This games greatness lies in its vast open world space, exploration, Lore, and unlimited replayability with the addition of...wait for it, MODS! Yes! Mod support for this game is one of the largest communities in the realm of PC gaming. The game is essentially limitless with the amount of new high quality content that has been, and STILL is, being created 3 years after the games release. It is clear the Skyrim modding community has not decreased their pace, and if anything, have only gotten bigger and better. Skyrim has left a legendary mark in video games which modders will continue support into the years to come.
game-hours: 81.3
review: Skyrim is an amazing game 10/10 I give it a huge thumbs up: .......................,,-~*~,, ......................./:.:.:.:.:.| ......................|;.;.;.;.;./ ......................|.;.;.;.;.| ............._,,,,,_.).;.;.;.;.| .........,,-":.:.:.:."~-,;.;.;.| ........(_,,,,---,,_:.:.);.;.;..",, ......,-":.:.:.:.:.""-,,/;.;.;.;.;.", .....(:.__,,,,,,,,,___);.;.;.;.;.;| ...../"":.:.:.:.:.:.:""\;.;.;.;.;.," ....\",__,,,,,,,,,,,__/;;;;;;;;;/\ .....\.::.:.:.:.:.:.:.;.);;;;;;;;;/:\ .......\,,,,,---~~~~;;;;;;;;,"::::\ .........."""~~--,,,,,,,,,,-"::::::::::\ ...................\::::::::::::::::::::::
game-hours: 189.2
review: Absolutely amazing game. Fun for every kind of play style. Decent (but fun to play) story with beautiful landscapes and challenging dungeons. 10/10
game-hours: 73.0
review: ,      100,   200        ,
game-hours: 209.4
review: Really cool RPG Sandbox game.
game-hours: 203.8
review: Do I even need to?, this game is incredible when this game first was first released my pc wasnt built yet so i got for xbox i sunk entire days...no weeks in this game never got bored but when i saw how cool and big the modding scene was for the game i just fainted. I wanted to build a PC so bad! this summer i finally did and it was totally worth it. For the price it' offered at now it a complete steal. i got for $7.49 + dragonborn DLC more than enough content to keep your attention for days to come. I STRONGLY! Recommend Skyrim to anyone! dont let this offer pass you if you dont' have it yet.
game-hours: 107.2
review: Skyrim certainly had a lot to love up to after the wonderful experience that was Oblivion. After playing over 100 hours i can safely say that it lives up to it, and then some. Skyrim is a stunning open world RPG with so much to do and so many places to see. The class and race variety is really deep so that you can play with pretty much any style you like. The theme of the place is mostly snow but there are a lot of different themes too with some of the nice green landscapes that we liked from Oblivion. If you decide to just wander off somewhere you will always run into a new place with something to do. The main quest can be brief if you just follow this but the side quests really open things up and add to the whole skyrim experience. Overall I loved the game and would put it in the "must play" section. Would run into Whiterun and kill all the people just for the lulz again. 10/10
game-hours: 40.1
review: Mountain Climbing Simulator 2011 is one of the best simulator games I have ever played. Only down side is that they tried to tie in a plot into this. Yes, a little back story is kinda good on why you must climb so many mountains, but this game just takes it over the top. 9.75/10. Remove the plot; add more mountains. Then it will be 10/10.
game-hours: 395.7
review: Skyrim is one of the best single player games I have played since original Nintendo 10/10
game-hours: 210.7
review: 10/10 The elder scrolls skyrim is one of the games in my steam libary because there is so much stuff to do in skyrim and tonnes of potential for modding. skyrim is easy to play even if you are new to an elder scrolls game with easy to learn mechanics for crafting items and simple combat. Pretty much anywhere you go in this game there will be something intresting to find and many missions to complete. You can be walking around following the objectaive marker at the top of the screen and then you might find a cave full of monsters and tonnes of loot. The combat is fast and fun with lots of wepons and spells, this makes the game fun to play the game again after you beat the game. (If you some how mannage to do all the side missions or you just want to start a new character) There is many diffrent perks to make it easier for your playstyle, for example if you are a mage you might want to get a perk for destruction magic so it does more dammage or increse your enchanting so you can make your armor give you a magic bonus. The music is great with an awesome main theme that playes when you fight dragons. The main story is about a dragon that appeared out of nowhere summoning other dragons back to life so it is up to you, the dragonborn to stop them. The side missions also have storys that dont even require you to have beat the main story with intresting plot twists in the middle. Skyrim has tonnes of mods that are simple to get from the workshop and can make this game crazy with mods that give you insane wepons, armor and missions. Skyrim is probably my favorate RPG ever and I highly recommend it to any openworld RPG fan. I also recommend buying the Legendary edition because the DLC adds some fun content that adds plenty more hours of gameplay.
game-hours: 222.6
review: My favorite RPG game ever created. In my opinion, it is a huge step up from Oblivion. Leveling is smoother, combat is much more realistic and varied, and there are just so many things that Skyrim adds to the game that were missing in prevous games. This game also has my favorite graphics out of any game I have seen, which isn't bad for a game that is around 2 years old now. I highly recommend this game if you are a fan of the previous Elder Scrolls games, or just enjoy medieval type RPG's in general. Bethesda did not dissapoint and their reputation for creating great quality games still stands.
game-hours: 147.9
review: THis is a great game it has a great story line, Lots of action, and hours of gameplay, one of the best ive ever played
game-hours: 212.8
review: If you are ever forced into a situation where you can only buy one game on your PC then make it a Bethesda game and make it Morrowind. Unless you want to have epic battles with dragons then make it Skyrim. As usual this game is one that impacts an entire generation. An absolutely massive game, with solid mechanics, beautiful graphics and an  ton of glitches. Thankfully, due to the massive moding community you can fix everything in a few seconds and then take the game to an entirely new level that is customized to your personal tastes and persuasions. More gushing about the game can be found here on my blog, which is the blog to end all blogs:
game-hours: 92.9
review: This is truly one of the best games I have ever played. An epic tale that allows you to play it however you want to. Along with Steam Community and an entire modding community behind Skyrim, the possibilities and adventures are endless. If you have not tried out the epicness of Skyrim, I recommend picking it and living it yourself.
game-hours: 75.0
review: juegazoooooo
game-hours: 231.3
review: better than otome games TEN OUT OF TEN
game-hours: 114.4
review: Sky's the rimit
game-hours: 114.3
review: its a game. 10/10
game-hours: 84.6
review: 3 words FUS RO DAH!!!!! 10/10
game-hours: 73.0
review: ,      100,   200        ,
game-hours: 193.5
review: By far one of the best open world games in existence. Hundreds upon hundreds of hours of gameplay with a setting worth exploring. If you decide to buy this game (Which you really should) pick up Dragonborn, it's incredible.
game-hours: 260.0
review: got over encumbered after picking up a feather 11/10 would pick up more feathers
game-hours: 219.5
review: One of the best games i have played in my life. And you NEEDD to play this game.
game-hours: 1761.0
review: Do I recomend this game... HELL YES! I've been so busy playing the game, I never wrote a review, I have played this game far more than any other game I have tried, and with all the mods from various places, the game possabillites are endless. I would get into some of my personal mods I am using, but I will spare you the details other than possible infestations and pregnancies. The balance of the Vanilla game is great, and it happens to be a great starter for one to play. I use the Creation Kit to make changes so I don't have to run to town before getting half way through a single "dungeon", and I tried on several aspects to increase rank wise for aditional perks in different areas. Like for use of 4 enchantments instead of 2, but it is set up where you can only up it once, not 3 times, so was forced to hit 4 directly. And same thing with increased carriing capacity, allows for only a single upgrade to it. Am still a novice, or I would change the base settings to add more branches off that one. Once you learn the controls, that are quite simple, game play is smooth, combat is not really my thing in most games, but in this game, it keeps me going back for more, on a regular bassis, Difficulty is moddable while in game, even in battle, to make the boss fights a bit easier if needed... Ok, there is just too much for me to say about this game, and after speaking with friends, this is the last True "Elder Scrolls" game, as the Online version totally sucks, and not even made by the same team that made this game, shame shame... Anyway, This is the game I play, as my times show, and will continue to grow as time wears on, and new mods become available as 3rd party content, I will add it to my game such as,"Become a Lord" in my case, Lady... Should just say Jarl so there is no gender differientials... Ok, back to my game, Have to Kill Aulduin for the 10th time....
game-hours: 292.8
review: The epic atmosphere that wraps this chapter of the TES saga is stunning, allowing the player to dive into a magic world on the edge of a crysis felt never before. The gameplay is quite simplified compared to the previous chapters, nonetheless it still gives a special insight into the fantastic lore of The Elder Scrolls. 10/10
game-hours: 55.4
review: Fus Ro Dah
game-hours: 33.7
review: like skyrim with mountains
game-hours: 349.0
review: I'd recommend this game to people who loves fantasy games and fantasy movies. The story-line is fantastic and the game itself is just beautiful!
game-hours: 98.2
review: It is the best game I have ever played. There is so much you can do, you have no limits and there are no possible way to not get addicted. I have been playing this game quite a while now, still as much fun since I started playing it. Really looking forward to DLC in the future.
game-hours: 1.5
review: One of the most popular games of all time. I have yet to complete it but plan to when i can get thru some of my other games but all in all what ive played this game is fun.
game-hours: 153.3
review: You can play this game over and over again trying different builds (though I mostly end up being a sneaky archer and swords man). This game never gets boring, and if it does somehow, there's a ton of addons and mods you can choose from (My personal favourite in terms of user mods: Helgen Reborn). Over all this game will fill many hours, as long as you fully play it (meaning not just rushing the main quest). There are many nice side quests that are often better then the main quest (The thives guild quest IMO for example). The DLCs Dragonborn (Having started the Elder Scrolls with Morrowind, I especially enjoyed Dragonborn) and Dawnguard add to the many quests and play time. A great game!
game-hours: 520.0
review: "Just when I thought I was out... they pull me back in." - Michael Corleone Who am I kidding? I was never "out" on this game. 2 years and ~420 hours later I'm STILL finding new things to do and places to explore. Betwen Morrowind, Oblivion and Skyrim I've probably spent way more time than is healthy traversing the landscapes of Tamriel. And the mods available for Skyrim now have me wanting to go back to Morrowind and Oblivion, freshly modded up, for another round.
game-hours: 200.0
review: Lots of replay value, especially with the mods that you can add to this game.
game-hours: 119.6
review: Skyrim is an amazing single player action/adventure RPG, massively recommend to any who love large open worlds and open gameplay. Even if you confine yourself to just the main quest, this is still quite a large scale game. If you delve deeper into the side quests for factions, and randomized mini quests, you can easily put hundreds of hours in this game. This game is open to a lot of gamers - and difficulty is adjustable in the options so you can still play a fun game even if you aren not the quickest or slickest gamer. Combat requires you to make good decisions on default difficulty - one bad mistake and you will be dropped quick. When I state the game is open - it is in different styles as well! Skyrim has very open advancement, and many opportunities to advance your skills in either magic, combat, or stealth (or a combination of all). You are not as restricted as in previous Elder Scrolls games (and they were very open). Skyrim even has perks - skill points you can place on skills to improve their function even more than leveling up. Great for those who like skill trees! Before I hit negatives: I recommend if you intend to play this for more than the main story - research console commands (the ~/` key). I don't recommend using them to ruin the core gameplay (it is possible), but you can use them to work around certain bugs, and annoying issues that can occur and ruin your fun. On the negative side - even with the game patched up - there are bugs. I recommend highly making multiple save files, and frequently. You may play constantly without running in to bugs, but some play and constantly end up needing to reload. My playstyle is very explorative - I will get stuck in the environment and need to load again. Occasionally important - but not required - NPCs will be killed through random events and attacks. This can be frustrating when you go to a town ready to unload items for sale only to find the shop keepers body outside and a pack of death hounds nearby. Also in the negatives - The "Hoarder" gameplay style is not conducive to this game. Skyrim imposes a strict carry limit. When you exceed this limit, you slow to a crawl, and cannot run, or fast travel between places. This means you may literally spend an hour or more walking slowly from a dungeon back to town if you are a hoarder who keeps and/or sells all items! Some players tend to use the console commands to increase their carry limit - but this does defeat part of the core gameplay concept - it is your choice though. Overall - I thoroughly recommend this game. Though not as innovative as some of the other Elder Scrolls games, this is still an incredible achievment despite any bugs or issues encountered.
game-hours: 225.9
review: Offers endless hours of fun, whether it be completing the engaging story missions, the countless number of side quests that keep you occupied or just running about killing everything that comes into sight. Skyrim includes numerous armours, weapons and items, with the ability to craft many of them yourself. This collection can be ever expanded with the almighty world of modding, one of the best things The Elder Scrolls series is known for in my opinion.
game-hours: 223.9
review: What to say about this game? Its fun, exciting and teaches you to fly.. after you foolishly try beating up a giant. Its got something for everyone, no matter what your favourite play style. Like charging at the enemy? grab a suitable sword and get hacking.... enjoy stealing stuff.. theives guild for you, and you can always do worse than joining the mages guild, calling yourself Tim the Enchanter and spending your days blowing up bits of the landscape, before mocking a passing party of knights. Stir in a civil war, plenty of side quests, odd jobs, not so odd jobs, and just plain weird jobs and you've already spent 100 gaming hours exploring one huge sandbox of a game world before you've even tried starting the main quest. Does the game have its faults? of course. The menu system could be better for us PC users, and the 3rd person kill cam breaks the illusion while you are in the midst of a huge battle. But all in, its worth the money and gets a Boris rating of 9 gallons of napalm out of 10.
game-hours: 111.9
review: Fun... uhh comand console and mods are great 8/10
game-hours: 34.5
review: Your horse can get stuck on flying butterfly. 14/10
game-hours: 107.9
review: I would  this game so hard that if people came up to me i'd say i used to be an adventurer like you but now i have a sex addiction
game-hours: 46.5
review: Ran from Thomas The Tank Engine wearing pink armour shouting at goats "GIRL POWER!" and making them fly into the distance as crabs dressed like Zoidberg, guards for throwing a pan on a guys head and stealing everything he owns. 10/10 would  again. -IGN -Metacritic -PC Gamer -Me
game-hours: 269.9
review: In our current world, which you have to share with billions of other people, controlled by our government, where everybody gets a designated amount of space, where they can live their lives freely, sometimes, you just want to be something more. Because the truth is, you are obese, sweaty, your hair is greasy enough to bake fries in, and your biggest sexual satisfaction is jerking it to Audrey Bitoni's new porno blockbuster. That's why sometimes, you just want to be a dragon-slaying, knockback-shouting, everything-demolishing, overpowered health potion-drinking fire-shooting badass viking. Come on. How often do you get to actually be the hero of a whole country?(A sparcely populated country that consists mostly of IQ 20 Giants and some horkers, but still.) This game makes you feel like a total buttkicker. You can be anything you want to be, from a Brad Pitt-lookalike Nord with A MOTHA FUKIN' BATTLEAXE to an old mage guy. Because, you know, if you get old, you gotta put on some robes and a hat and shoot lightning from your hands and . The downside is that this game treats you like a  political . After my complete level 80 playthrough, I can say I have somehow helped or fought for 814.5 political extremist groups. (The Forsworn only count as 0.5, because they're essentially a primitive tribe of batshit insane battlemages that wield wooden swords in an age where steel has already been discovered.) But that doesn't keep you from spitting fire, or freezing  solid, or sneaking(in a pooping position that is) past hordes of enemies like you're freaking Houdini. I say, buy it, so you can gain some more calories and spend that many more days without taking a shower. (I'm talking to you, Manos.)
game-hours: 90.5
review: One of the best games I've played in a while. In this century, theres not many games that have the feature of long term play. By this I mean that I want a game that I can play even after I complete the main story line and still have fun in the game and this is just it! Better than FarCry2-4 where there are side missions. Skyrim is full with diffrent ways to complete the story and different ways to play in general. There are many characters you can play as, different skills you can master at and overall the game is just a thrill. I recommend this game for anyone who is in for semi-relaxing games but also want some action. You can have either in Skyrim. Added to all of that, there are so many steam workshop mods that you can subscribe to, if theres something in the game that you dont exactly like, make the game twice as good. Worth every penny and more.
game-hours: 395.7
review: Skyrim is one of the best single player games I have played since original Nintendo 10/10
game-hours: 210.7
review: 10/10 The elder scrolls skyrim is one of the games in my steam libary because there is so much stuff to do in skyrim and tonnes of potential for modding. skyrim is easy to play even if you are new to an elder scrolls game with easy to learn mechanics for crafting items and simple combat. Pretty much anywhere you go in this game there will be something intresting to find and many missions to complete. You can be walking around following the objectaive marker at the top of the screen and then you might find a cave full of monsters and tonnes of loot. The combat is fast and fun with lots of wepons and spells, this makes the game fun to play the game again after you beat the game. (If you some how mannage to do all the side missions or you just want to start a new character) There is many diffrent perks to make it easier for your playstyle, for example if you are a mage you might want to get a perk for destruction magic so it does more dammage or increse your enchanting so you can make your armor give you a magic bonus. The music is great with an awesome main theme that playes when you fight dragons. The main story is about a dragon that appeared out of nowhere summoning other dragons back to life so it is up to you, the dragonborn to stop them. The side missions also have storys that dont even require you to have beat the main story with intresting plot twists in the middle. Skyrim has tonnes of mods that are simple to get from the workshop and can make this game crazy with mods that give you insane wepons, armor and missions. Skyrim is probably my favorate RPG ever and I highly recommend it to any openworld RPG fan. I also recommend buying the Legendary edition because the DLC adds some fun content that adds plenty more hours of gameplay.
game-hours: 222.6
review: My favorite RPG game ever created. In my opinion, it is a huge step up from Oblivion. Leveling is smoother, combat is much more realistic and varied, and there are just so many things that Skyrim adds to the game that were missing in prevous games. This game also has my favorite graphics out of any game I have seen, which isn't bad for a game that is around 2 years old now. I highly recommend this game if you are a fan of the previous Elder Scrolls games, or just enjoy medieval type RPG's in general. Bethesda did not dissapoint and their reputation for creating great quality games still stands.
game-hours: 231.3
review: better than otome games TEN OUT OF TEN
game-hours: 94.6
review: I used to be an adventurer like you, but then I took an arrow, sword, dagger, mace, wolf, bear, giant, mammoth, dragon, werewolf, zombie, vampire, troll, fireball, ice ball and bandit to the knee
game-hours: 6.7
review: mountain climbing simulator 2013
game-hours: 312.1
review: Mod it untill it crashes simulator 2011 10/10
game-hours: 56.5
review: Instead of reviving dead dragons, their bodies go flying off in some direction. Like a ragdoll. 10/10
game-hours: 100.3
review: An exciting storyline and very addictive gameplay, combined with modding this game will last you a very long time.
game-hours: 558.0
review: Killed a dragon, Ate his soul, Married a lizard man, Became a cannibal, Ate Nazeem, Ate my husband, Joined the imperial army, Ate Ulfric Stormcloak, 10/10
game-hours: 442.5
review: I can personally attest to the fact that Skyrim deserves all the hype it's gotten. One of my favorite aspects of the game is the fact that it isn't a mainstream, overly-colorful, slightly too fantasy-oriented RPG, that ends up being a bit cheesy. Instead, Skyrim has created a beautiful, yet rugged world in which anything is possible (especially with mods), and provides enough realism and strategy to be intense, while still being a fantastic, mythical experience that leaves you awe struck and nerd-gasming. Play this game, I beg you.
game-hours: 157.9
review: I used to be an adventurer like you.. then i bought skyrim
game-hours: 156.3
review: GG
game-hours: 553.5
review: I doesen't matter how many bandits you kill, dragons you slay, how many times you save the world. Every time you greet a ing NPC they will ing insult you and ask you to go and get their ing trinket in some god damn dungeon all the way across the ing map. And when you go back the the same NPC they will greet you whit the same insult and walk away. 10\10
game-hours: 624.5
review: This game is beautiful and it has soul. While I think it's not the best TES game, it surely stays true to what makes this series amazing: insanely detailed world, fantastic atmosphere, the huge open world that calls the adventurer in me to explore every corner and delve into the legends of the Nords. The art style, music and character models make Skyrim the most spectacular experience so far in terms of a living world to explore. The RPG mechanics are getting thinner (stats, skills, birthsigns, attributes) but the progression and character customization are still pretty solid in their absence and a good improvement from Oblivion. I can't wait for the expansions for this game.
game-hours: 775.3
review: this game never ends its a perfect game for everyone and you can do what ever you want, you can be a thief,mage,assassin or even a strong fighter maybe you want to trade alot or you just feel like riding on a dragon (dragondbord DLC needed for riding on dragons) i can recommend to fix all DLC's that makes the quest line even bigger and it may take a very long time to do all quests because there is some random quest in the cities and around the world i really recommend this game.
game-hours: 113.0
review: If u love rpg games and open, world this is it.... THIS IS IT! i have spent 105 hours on this game and im still not bored and I have probably played it like 3 times and i still love it. There is so much to do. Finish the story do side missions, finish the side missions go and help some people, finished helping people get some mods for more missions or more, finished getting the mods then... wait how there is millions of mods and even if u did get all of them wait for new ones. This game is endless so just GET IT!
game-hours: 253.0
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is everything gamers expected and more. As the follow-up to Oblivion, arguably one of the best RPG's of all time, people expected a lot and Bethesda delivered. That's not to say that Skyrim is without problems, far from it. Fortunately, there is so much good in all of Skyrim that the problems are easy to ignore. I'll start off by saying that if you didn't like the combat in previous Elder Scrolls games, you probably aren't going to change your mind with Skyrim. That being said, combat has changed fairly significantly. The biggest change is in the addition of dual wielding. In previous games, you could assign a one-handed weapon and a shield, or a two-handed weapon and then add a magic attack via right bumper. In Skyrim, you have far more freedom to equip what you want. Basically, everything that uses one hand can be equipped as long as you have a hand available. Also, magic now counts as using up an equipped hand. What this means is, you can use two one-handed weapons to dual wield at the expense of blocking, sword and shield (of which the shield now has attacks of it's own such as shield bashing), a sword and magic spell, or two magic spells. All of these combinations also feel much weightier and no longer feel like the crowbar from Half-Life. Hits feel like hits, magic spells feel like they are doing significant damage and blocking gives you a sense of danger avoided. If you do go the melee route, you'll still get a bit of a sense of button mashing but it's still a big step up from Oblivion. Rating: Viking life 9.5/10
game-hours: 555.5
review: Game is addictive as crack. Ruined my life for the better.
game-hours: 712.1
review: I recommend this game. Bethesda have desgined and created a true masterpiece. The Elder Scrolls series is some really great lore, the feel it has is so immersive, more so to our own I feel, and I have to say, slightly more so than J.R.R Tolkiens lore on middle earth. Skyrims feel is no diffrent to the other games in the franchise, altho I must admit I haven't had the pleasure of expieriencing any of them other than a small 1 hour, 1 death play of Morrowind, Skyrim, of course, in fact I believe to have over 2000 hours of gameplay in Skyrim, as I play on the Xbox 360 most of my time, and my fellow brethren allow me to indulge them in some lore and I'll do some roleplay with their character which we don't mind. Oblivion also, I've had many an adventure in the realm of oblivion and Cyrodill, I even have the game manual and every DLC, paid full price as on the XBOX. Probally countless more hours on that game, and I'm definatley familiar with lore in The Elder Scrolls, however, the freedom and power that come with playing and being immersed in an Elder Scrolls game is unlike any other, thanks to bethesda softworks and many other countless reasons :OO: the impact it has on the way at least I think, is significant, makes me want to roleplay,and I shall set out and weave my own fate, outsatanding..... :') If you play skyrim, and your rig, whatever you play on. be it laptop, linux I think you can run it on? Mac, anything I guess, if its about the average, I say you definatley should get some mods running with skyrim, it only matters that you have the right and required system/rig, to run it on IF you want graphical mods, or highly increase data and such, otherwise, not so important. You would want to go to Nexus mods and community, on the web, and search on catorgorys for anything your interested in. Also before I tell you what I have, you will need to know how to install mods, if you don't already know, of course if you are unsure of anything you may not want to mess anything up or waste your time to try it, for a great guide on how to do almost everything with mods, search YouTube for Gopher, and watch his video on, well anything, hes a great guy and he explains all you need to know better than most people do that I've seen haha. Hope you get through that alright, and really, if your under 10 years old, which its sort of illegal or breaking some rules if you are, to play the game exetra, you might find it hard to understand, skip things and not do what you need to correctly, causing things to get messy and possibly broken. Don't take shortcuts (follow the guidence/trail) you can ask me anything on the matter too I'd be happy to oblige. Personally I have many* about 50 immersion modifications (mods) and more gameplay effects and changes, also maybe 5 overhauls, one for each, audio, combat, skills, enviroment, gameplay, and a complicated one. Well its a long list of around 600 alltogether modifications, bare in mind that some of theese are about 3kb in size, so i could somehow merge together all the files ive found and downloaded and get to only have 50 or so mods, but not really necesary, with Nexus Mod Manager. Basically, modifications personalise to your dreams and taste, give you what you want and possibly more, there are about 25'000 modifications to be found on the site and many more to come, you can always create and add yourself, Skyrim is endless then and truely magnificicant. If we were to modify older TES games it just wouldnt live up to Skyrim modded as it is down to technology, but can give you endless more time playing with excitement and emotion, and even merging other realms, ooohhh hah (: so much to tell you I could, I guess if you want to know more I'd be a good start to ask on, and your welcome to. It is a great life expierience to explore and adventure Skyrim, turn HUD off at the start if I were you, to be more immersed, and if you will add mods, play through the beggining untill you are 'Unbound' and start to configure, and do not forget to save! Oh that's another thing, if you have more than 4 saves it usuallyy caused loads of problems, like Crash To Desktop and corruption with data, that sort, so limit your saves wisely. Just to say, there is a mod made for Skyrim, for littrally 60% of what ever you think of, and if not, make it :), hardly limmeted, I dont know how to say to people that they should start playing it... If you, are hungry for adventure, seek the land of Skyrim! Fare well..
game-hours: 263.2
review: Ahh, the Elder Scrolls. You can play this all day, every day. You can mod this game, or play it vanilla. There's also the option of moving around pots and bowls and making them talk to each other in neat voices, like *Mrs.Pot* "Oh Mr.Pot, you look ravishlingly fine today, what a handsome man!" *Mr.Pot* "Daaaammm gurl, you lookin F-UR-CE!" oh thats just me? 10/10 9/9 pheenominalll
game-hours: 158.2
review: The only game where you can have an adventurous life after marriage. 10/10
game-hours: 409.7
review: :)
game-hours: 242.1
review: 100 hours of game play and i still have not started playing main story line
game-hours: 396.1
review: I used to be an adventurer like you, then I took an arrow in the knee. 100/100
game-hours: 236.1
review: 12/10 IGN, MUST HAEV, SHUT UP AND PLAY THIS LEGENDARY  Maximum Fus
game-hours: 231.7
review: Start game. Run to Whiterun. Find Cat man. Run up to Cat man to pet him. Cat man pulls Iron Warhammer and hits me on the head OHKOing me. Massacre all Cat Men, Women and possible children I find for the rest of my playthroughs.
game-hours: 136.7
review: 1st hour of game play: "Is this fallout with no guns?" 30 hour of gameplay: "I went to a colledge for 7 days and now im the Archmage. Cool" 60 hours of gameplay: " I should get back to the main story" 90 hours of game play: DOHVAKIN! DOHVAKIN DA DA DA!
game-hours: 165.7
review: Can be modded to absolute perfection.
game-hours: 463.8
review: Having spent many hours (days, weeks :-) playing Skyrim, I finally feel qualified to report that it is without doubt one of the best games available on STEAM. The vanilla game is very good but where this addition excels is in the mods and the modding community attached to it. With over 8,000 mods, you can play as anyone from an immortal god sent to save the planet, to a serial  and murderer intent on destroying it (I have been both). And anyone or anything you can think of in between! Be warned though, this one will consume you and your time. Having cut me teeth on TES IV OBLIVION, I had high hopes for this sequal and it did not disappoint. If you consider yourself a true gamer or have ever wondered what it would be like to really live another life (within or outside the law), SKYRIM is a must have!
game-hours: 128.9
review: Since this game is on sale I'll do the recommondation thing. I won't waste words reviewing this game as it has been reviewed to hell and back. If you have been waiting for a reason to buy this game it being under 10$ is one hell of a reason to buy it now. It's fun, addicting, time killer. Although I was an adventurer like you then I took an arrow to the knee will get burnt into your brain and you will see limping guards in your dreams.
game-hours: 91.0
review: I would say game of the year ... but ... it's actually game of the decade
game-hours: 222.7
review: I spawned exactly 582 sweetrolls, then yelled at them until they spontaneously combusted. 10 / 10
game-hours: 76.8
review: most definitely one of the best role playing game experiences you can wander upon
game-hours: 3.5
review: I accidentaly press e on coin and steal it the guy started killing me he chased me i got enough of that  i reborn dead and laugh my  off Fair enough 11/10 - IGN
game-hours: 638.0
review: Let me clear things up by assuring you that none of the quest bugs, graphical issues, gameplay glitches, or unexplained crashes I've encountered can change the fact that I played this amazing RPG for well over 400 hours and absolutely loved every single moment of it! This game is absolutely fantastic and fascinating! even after years of playing this game it doesn't fail to surprise and amaze me! But the thing that really brings skyrim to life is its modding community! There are millions of great mods out there waiting to be explored! If you're new to modding or don't even know what that means i'd suggest visiting a youtube channel called "gophersvids", you can find tons of recommendations and instructions on how to make your skyrim experience UNFORGETTABLE! And now to cap it up I'd say that you MUST buy and play this game if you're even slightly interested in role-playing games!
game-hours: 149.4
review: Hundreds of hours of quality gameplay for the price of an expensive pint (3.74), essentially. Buy. It. Now. (All statistics correct on date of publication 28/11/13)
game-hours: 140.2
review: <3 Mucho.
game-hours: 583.7
review: Damn I love this game, and the mods!! theres just so much to do.......15/10
game-hours: 360.2
review: Best Game Ever Made !!
game-hours: 38.1
review: Skyrim is probably one of my favorite games. I have played it on the Xbox, Ps3, and Pc, and all I can say is... wow. The game is great ; It has an awesome plot, graphics, and interesting mods. Because however, I have played it on different consoles, it is annoying to have to restart, and then proceed to get through all the cutscenes and quests I have completed so many times before. But time and time again, I find myself dealing with the struggle and continuing where I left off previously, and strangely enjoying every minute of it. This game has a few flaws, but if you like rpg's, get this game now! 9.5/10
game-hours: 306.7
review: My favourite game of all time, brilliant. MUST OWN! The game is huge with so much to do and with the absolutely enormous mod community, you can craft Skyrim in to pretty much anything you like. Buy it now!
game-hours: 19.9
review: One of the greatest games of all time. Building on the lore and events from past Elder Scrolls games, Skyrim really takes the gameplay and graphics to the next level. Beautiful, fun, expansive, a near endless amount of stuff to do, two main story arcs running simulataneously, morality decisions....pretty much everything you could want from an open world RPG. There are bugs, and you will need to save often, but between the vanilla game, the DLC, and all the crazy mods available, this game will be responsible for your lack of sleep potentially for years to come. I think this has become number three on my list after Morrowind and Baldurs Gate.
game-hours: 22.7
review: why i love skyrim. i was playing and looking for this dungeon. so im riding along the night on my horse. coming near the dungeon i see some lights flickering on my left side. deciding i can ignore the dungeon a little longer i was going to check it out. upon arrival i noticed it was a village with a ghost on a ghost horse sitting in the middle of the village. trying to kill it i saw i did no damage on him so i got back on my horse i and decided to follow it. whilst following the ghost i came across a freaking dragon rising up form his grave. deciding i had to kill see where this ghost was going i ignored the dragon and went by as fast as i could. still following the ghost i noticed by now he had no head. still following the ghost i came across a bandit ambush. trying to flee from this as well they dropped a boulder from a bridge ontop of my horse. sprinting away as fast as i could i kept following the ghost, but now on foot. finally the headless horseman stops at this tomb kinda looking thing. as i look around a bit the ghosts vanquishes and im now alone in the tomb. killing a few skeletons i see the ghosts his grave. after getting the loot and having exhausted my next options i decided to go back to the village where i met the headless horseman for the first time to go find my dungeon from there on. back at the village the same dragon i saw resurrected earlier flies by and attacks it. killed him and went to my dungeon afterwards. this just happend to me. this game is F*CKING AMAZING!
game-hours: 63.0
review: Ive spent well over 900 hours and own three copies on different consoles Best game for adventure and immersion of all time, many a night has been spent wandering around the tundra in search of a new event or quest to spend the next few hours on Would recommend to anyone!
game-hours: 808.9
review: This game ruined my social life and lost some close friends. 100% reccomend
game-hours: 104.6
review: Just in case all the other reviews haven't convinced you yet and you stumbled upon mine. You are a crazy person if you don't like a single thing in this game. I get that the whole rpg in a magical viking-like land isn't for everyone, but you should at least be able to enjoy parts of it. For the ones that love the whole rpg in a magical viking-like land, why are you still sitting here reading my review. Go frickin' buy the game! :D It's a must-have for EVERYONE!
game-hours: 98.2
review: Ohh my god.. this game is just awesome.. its addicted like hell. the graphics are the best i've ever seen the story line is great and never got bored... 10/10!!
game-hours: 66.2
review: this is a sooooo good game u should play it if u like single player and roleplay :)
game-hours: 167.5
review: "For Skyrim!" "For Skyrim!" "For Skyrim" "For Dragon... Age!" *sound of gramophone scratch noise* "I mean uh... For Skyrim?"
game-hours: 29.0
review: Why are you reading reviews for SKYRIM? JUST BUY IT :D
game-hours: 214.8
review: Skyrim offers probably the best possible value of Money versus Content. Truly astonishing and vast world; fantastic voice acting; huge number of quite diversified quests - many of them deserve applause; beautiful graphics with some amazing design work behind them, and many, many more... "Remember always this: As you will it, so it shall be".
game-hours: 556.6
review: Kannattaa ostaa! - Hyvt grafiikat. (jos ei miellyt niin lataa grafiikka modi) - Jaksaa pelata monta tuntia putkeen. - Jos alkaa kyd liian helpoksi vaihda vaikeus tasoa (Jos ei auta lataa modeja jotka vaikeuttavat peli) - WorkShop :3 - Mahtavat DLC:eet :3 :3 :3 The Best ;)
game-hours: 1165.0
review: A bit old now, but a massive game and well worth the money if you don't already have the game. Bonus is you should be able to get the entire set for less than the latest blockbuster game.
game-hours: 11.6
review: Get to character customization screen, spend 70 minutes morphing into different races and genders in town square, quit game 10/10
game-hours: 202.5
review: Very epic game one thing to say DRAGONS!!!!
game-hours: 38.1
review: Skyrim is probably one of my favorite games. I have played it on the Xbox, Ps3, and Pc, and all I can say is... wow. The game is great ; It has an awesome plot, graphics, and interesting mods. Because however, I have played it on different consoles, it is annoying to have to restart, and then proceed to get through all the cutscenes and quests I have completed so many times before. But time and time again, I find myself dealing with the struggle and continuing where I left off previously, and strangely enjoying every minute of it. This game has a few flaws, but if you like rpg's, get this game now! 9.5/10
game-hours: 142.4
review: Like Skyrim with guns. 10/10
game-hours: 128.9
review: Since this game is on sale I'll do the recommondation thing. I won't waste words reviewing this game as it has been reviewed to hell and back. If you have been waiting for a reason to buy this game it being under 10$ is one hell of a reason to buy it now. It's fun, addicting, time killer. Although I was an adventurer like you then I took an arrow to the knee will get burnt into your brain and you will see limping guards in your dreams.
game-hours: 236.1
review: 12/10 IGN, MUST HAEV, SHUT UP AND PLAY THIS LEGENDARY  Maximum Fus
game-hours: 360.2
review: Best Game Ever Made !!
game-hours: 55.9
review: its a great game though i just play mods
game-hours: 163.8
review: The game is set in the titular snowy realm, its the fifth in the fantasy series that defines the term open world, and its got dragons in it. This game is addictive with its storyline, exploration, quests, factions. The game litterally grips you tight and won't let you go! :P The opening of the fifth Elder Scrolls game immeditely throws you into conflict, destruction, the civil war storyline and the arrival of a dragon which means potential doom for Skyrim. This game is set in the cold, snowy harsh-land of the Nords (which is based on Norse-men/Vikings) and Skyrim has a lot more to deal with than only dragons! Skyrim is torn between two sides due to the Civil War - the Imperials and the Stormcloaks which both have different interests but seeks to oppose the other side for power. Then there is all these other factions who need help such as the Companions (whose storyline I REALLY love), The Dark Brotherhood and the Thieves Guild to name a few. Skyrim has a vast and beautiful landscape with it's amazing cities (Whiterun, Riften, Winterhold and Solitude are my favourite cities by far) that has it's own history, culture and story. With Skyrim, you'll always have SOMETHING to do. Whether that is questing, fighting, exploring, crafting, stealing - there is so much to do and Skyrim gives you tons of choices and options which for me is one of the most important things a game should have. Skyrim is a complete free-world so you could do whatever you want and aren't limited to just one thing for example you can completely skip out the main storyline about the rise of dragons and as well as that the game has amazing replayablitity. You can replay the games tons of times as different races, classes, stories, modded or vanilla. Basically in a nutshell, Skyrim is an amazing game where you can truly live the life of a fantasy world. So, for that I give the game a thumbs-up and a 4 out of 5 stars! :D
game-hours: 65.6
review: .   ,   WorkShop'a    .  . . :,,NPC,.   ,, ,  .              . 11/10
game-hours: 163.3
review: I will play this one day. Promised.
game-hours: 74.9
review: Its Skyrim ...
game-hours: 383.3
review: one of the best games ever
game-hours: 85.9
review: You can do whatever you like, just don't kill the  chicken. 10/10
game-hours: 72.3
review: I would marry this game and have children with it. 10/10
game-hours: 49.6
review: haters gonna hate. haters gonna hate. es gonna hate. yo momma's gonna hate. swag.
game-hours: 114.6
review: Dude Skyrim is the ing best It's the 5th game in The Elder Scrolls series although they aren't all connected directly based hundreds of years apart Huunnndreeeeddssss of quests that are interactive and often decided by your choices You can basically create your class to your liking Because there are no actual classes If you wanna duel wield swords and be a swift fighter, go ahead, warmage? Sure! Heavy Brute? !@#$ yea. A mix of it all? Up to you. And then besides weapons, there is a ing HUGE set of skills that you can pick and choose from like a in' goose eating crumbs. Tons of options man. Plus, it has ing dragons. AND THAT'S JUST THE IN' VANILLA! If you get this  on PC, you can get THOUSANDS of ing rad mods that make the make even better. Get this ing game, play it.. Enjoy it.
game-hours: 181.7
review: The gametime does not account for the hundreds of hours played on my Xbox. 10/10 Took an arrow to my social life.
game-hours: 283.0
review: One of the best games I have ever played. And thanks to the awesome mod community this game can do even more. I would recommend this game to anyone who breathes. Buy it and have tons of fun.
game-hours: 125.3
review: this game ALMOST ruined my life. i already give it a 5/5 rating, this game has a amazing replay value and the fact that i can do almost anything i so god damn well please is also a great factor in a game. im saying if you like farcry 3 or gta 5 get this. open world, choose your path, so many diffrent things to do, long as fudge, and there is SO MANY mods! you will start this game and you wont get off till you ether beat it or grow a beard to the point where it hits your keyboard and you cant play becasu ehte hair is blocking you. in my opinon i say buy the damn game!
game-hours: 420.0
review: after 300 hours u getting bored but very good game 10/10
game-hours: 52.4
review: Its a great simple fun to play game, be careful. YOU WILL GET ADDICTED!!
game-hours: 79.6
review: THIS GAME IS AMAZING AND IF YOU DONT HAVE IT YOU SHOULD GET IT AND IF YOU DONT WANT TO GET IT THEN I TOTALLY RESPECT THAT BUT YOU ARE MISSING OUT ON A LOT OF FUN AND FRUSTRATION GOOD DAY BYE
game-hours: 14.2
review: You can play as a Cat. 10/10.
game-hours: 36.1
review: Like Harvest Moon but with Fables. The Crafting Simulator 2014. 15/10
game-hours: 344.1
review: When you hear the word RPG, what is the first thing that comes to mind? Elder Scrolls, or Dungeons and Dragons? Maybe both? Skyrim is an example of what happens when true elements of both RPG & action are put the ultimatum. It's an absolutely beautiful game with a game soundtrack to pay money for. With the addition of mods this is in the top 10 list of all time greatest Steam Games. In the beginning you start off a prisoner in the hands of Cyrodill's Imperial Legion led by the region head legatus, General Tullius. Although you start off on death throw if you will with your head about to be a seperate part of your body entirely the game quickly breaks the idea of an execution by bringing in a sudden dragon assault on the city of Helgen which is at the time an Imperial outpost connecting the rest of Tamriel including parts of the game Oblivion to the region of Skyrim. There are more quests to even count in this game, I lost count around 60 but the addition of mods can add around another 1,000 quests if not more. Which then we come to the crown jewel of many steam games, modding communities and boy.. Does Skyrim have one, well over 100+ different mods for every reason what so ever. There are mods which fixed the broken military system in the game, there are mods which adds more travelers and adventurers on the road adding more of a lifelike feel to the game. There are also mods which can hurt the games realism as well, some mods are not meant for the lore of Elder Scrolls but the entertainment of the player instead. If I were to give ESV: Skyrim a rating, In a range from 1 - 10 it's nearly a 9.5, It's great on so many levels but there are snibbets even with mods still aren't correcting. Guards only want you and nobody else. The NPC's do the same constant moves 24/7, and for some reason I never understood this an NPC who's 10 feet away will stop everything they're doing to say Hi to you. SKYRIM RATING: SYNDICATE RATING Gameplay - 8 (Gameplay is good but could dramatically be improved with more combat actions) RPG Element - 10 (This game seemed to never have an ending to the nearly limitless number of quests you could do, on PS3 I spent well over 100 hours playing the game and was just barely getting done. ) Multiplayer - 0 (The Game isn't meant for online play, and it really doesn't take anything away from the true game itself.) Graphics - 9 (Graphics on Vanilla are good for the game, but with enhancement mods it will skyrocket to a solid 10 with every little detail imaginable.) Replay Value: 10 (This game is beyond the single word of addicting, it will make you come back for more and more.) Official Syndicate Rating, 9.6 - Skyrim is a masterpiece in Roleplay engineering a true marvel of Bethesda. The amazement is after 3 years this game still runs as strong as ever! Revitalized with the modding community Skyrim maybe one of the legends of the RPG and maybe even Steam game series which lives on.
game-hours: 442.1
review: Fus ro dah!
game-hours: 25.8
review: Like skyrim with skyrim. 10/10-IGN
game-hours: 23.1
review: How Can You Not Recommend This Game?
game-hours: 3.3
review: I used to play this game too much, then I took an arrow in the knee.
game-hours: 5.0
review: Like Skyrim with dragons.
game-hours: 1011.2
review: This is the game the never, ever ends. I picked this game up thinking I wouldn't like it having never played a previous TES game before. Sat in my Library untouched for about a month or two, and finally took the plunge. I was wrong. I was so very, very wrong. This is probably the best purchase I've ever made on steam. Add in the unlimited potential of modding, and it's an adventure that continues forever. I've probably restarted over a hundred times by now with a new character, and still only have beaten Alduin once. ONCE. There's still so much more do to and explore that I'm still discovering quests and areas and little hidden things. I still can't believe how much there is to do and I'm still finding more. At it stands I'll probably wake up one day having lost all touch with reality and actually start seeing the world as Skyrim with how much I've played. And I'm totally ok with that.
game-hours: 42.7
review: It's like Oblivion but with viking dudes.
game-hours: 503.8
review: Its cuul it has dragons and
game-hours: 126.6
review: One of the best sandbox games ever, but you have to tweak the game's performance and see what mods are working (the mods greatly improves the immersion)..
game-hours: 56.8
review: Good Game, should get cos good and stuff
game-hours: 193.5
review: If you aren't playing it now, well... I feel sorry for you.
game-hours: 190.0
review: good game, loads of mods, kawaii as fug, katana all day, er day. 8.4/10 would poke with a stick
game-hours: 57.8
review: This game is AMAZING!! It's amazing, with great graphics, great mods, great gameplay, great quest, great EVERYTHING! Also great music and effects.... You feel emersed into the game, you can do anything that YOU want to do! You can be thief, a mage, a warrior, and so much more! You can do anything! (Awesome music!Favorite is when they go like, Dovakhin, dovakhin, da da..... whatever...) I highly reccomend it! It's totally worth your money! One of my favorite games! 9.5/10
game-hours: 83.6
review: what ever
game-hours: 341.4
review: Great RPG, go where you want, kill who you want, steal what you want. The quest are great with a good story behind it (I dont do alot of story lines, not really a fan in any game). The combat seems like an improvement from previous Elder Scroll games. Magic is fun to play around with but I'll always use my trusty Bow, the aim is right on, just hard to hit them flying dragons. Skills are done nicely, If your an archer type, using bows alot, and wanna try 2 hand weapons, you dont have to make a new character, just start using 2 hand weapons with your archer and you'll gain skill. Since there is level ramping (enemies in the world level and scale up compared to what level you are) when you switch to using 2 hand weapons, you will notice a damage differance, but just keep using you'll get your skill where it needs to be soon enough. Its easy to get lost in doing side quest from the main story, as they randomly generate. Over all, if you like alot of the Elder Scrolls and/or Fallout series, you'll love this. 9/10
game-hours: 74.2
review: One of my favorite RPG Open World Fantasy games! World is really big and just fantastic. I love the style and gameplay of this game. Quests are really fun and you are never bored while playing. I really like the style of playing because you can play as warrior or wizard style. Also there are skills/levels for character which you decide which one to upgrade. World is huge! Fantasy level is normal because you can kill also normal warriors/people instead only monsters/dragons. Story line is really sick! Only the problem is on start of game because you need to walk a lot but later when you discover all the places and towns then you can use fast travel option. Game also have a lot of side quests and hiden places to complete and discover especially if you buy legendary edition of the game then you have a lot of new quests. Like i said, it's one of the best RPG games so i reccommend this game to all RPG and Fantasy lovers. Game it totally worth of money! 9,5/10
game-hours: 206.3
review: In Skyrim you may find yourself in a huge open world where you can choose which path of many you'll take, and, if you put enough effort, why not all of them? You have a really good main questline that is surrounded by even better questlines, like the epic Thieves Guild and Dark Brotherhood quests. You will have over two hundred hours of game before you're able to say "I've got no more quests to do". If you've finished your main questline, slayed Alduin and saved the world, you can still go after the Dragon Claws, Dragon Shouts, Dragon Priests Masks(you probably notice they've got all about dragons this time right?), becoming the leader of the Mages College of Winterhold, Thieves Guild, Companions, Dark Brotherhood, becoming a general on a civil war, collecting all the Daedric Artifacts(which one has its unique quest), joining the Bards Guild, and even doing tons of sidequests, and do all of this with a character that most suits your style of playing, it can be a mage, battle mage, warrior, berserker, paladin, stealth assassin, rogue, summoner... And I'm not even talking about the DLCs that come with new questlines and a whole new continent for you to explore. As if this was not enough, the game counts with a incredible number of totally functional mods that can add more quests, more races, more weapons and armors, take the graphs to a whole new level, make the game mor immersive, give you a new user interface, completely change the whole game that even make you feel like you don't know how to play skyrim anymore(T3nd0, i'm talking to you), and all kinds of mods you can think about(don't use it too much or you may end up like a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle slaying trains on Mario Land). That's it, if you like action RPG with a lot of stories for you to be part of there's no way you're not liking Skyrim.
game-hours: 338.5
review: I absolutely enjoyed every minute spent in this game - mostly free roaming and unwittingly finding side quests. Strongly recommended. My personal top 10 of all times.
game-hours: 39.6
review: Great Game 11/10
game-hours: 41.5
review: Me- What have ya got for sale? Belathor- Mmm a little this, and uh little that.. Taught me everything I need to know about running my own buisiness 10/10
game-hours: 48.3
review: The finest selection of cheese and wine in any game I have played! 10/10
game-hours: 277.2
review: sucks without mods sorry console gamers 6.7/10
game-hours: 238.8
review: this is a fantastic game got over 100+ hrs on comp and nearly 700 on xbox 360 i couldt ask for any other rpg game to play
game-hours: 18.9
review: Love this game to death. Needs more ranch though...
game-hours: 112.2
review: Nowadays, there's no reason not to get this game. A playthrough will last you for about 100 hours, which is really good considering it's a 15 game (and getting it for -75% is rather easy if you're patient). Skyrim is a good game. I wouldn't say it's great due to its mediocre combat, mediocre physics and lack of feeling of progression at times. But it's enjoyable nonetheless. I feel like the game's overrated, but it's certainly not bad.
game-hours: 304.9
review: The best game yet in the Elder Scrolls series (way better than Elder Scrolls Online). A great game for rpg pros or noobs.
game-hours: 332.1
review: I just can't express how amazing, well-done and powerful this game is. It is just.. the Best RPG I have ever played in my life. It is kinda addicted as well. Moreover, it never ends and has an amazing story. Even if you will get bored from it in far future , it has plenty of mods in the workshop that will make game even more fun. Totally worth buying.. with all DLCs that it has. 10/10 ...
game-hours: 135.2
review: If you dont have Skyrim then I dont no why you have a gaming PC for lol The Elder Scrolls series is my all time favorite action role-playing open world fantasy video game and Fallout to. Bethesda make the best open world game and it worth ever penny you pay for it. This game can be played for months on end alone and thats not including the mods. The story and the atmosphere of the world is just amazing I cant wait to injoy the world using a 3d Virtual Reality Headset I might not want to come back to the real world lol but i give it a 100 out of 100 must buy if you own a gaming PC
game-hours: 112.2
review: What more is there to say? This is one of the Ultimate RPG Experiences available anywhere. This title is very mod friendly and the choices as such are vast. Highly-highly reccomended!!!
game-hours: 39.3
review: Skyrim Is a open world game fill with adventure and places to explore there also many fun mods that add alot to the game you should not wait to buy this one!
game-hours: 40.3
review: arrow in knee 8.5/10
game-hours: 607.7
review: Skyrim has to be one of the most epic (and I mean that in large proportions as well as completely awesome) games that I have ever played. There is a deep sense of immersion to be found, hours upon hours of gameplay (especially if you create multiple characters) and a near endless supply of awesome mods to keep you going. Only things I don't like: Buggy as I'll get out, although not unplayably so. Just ask someone about the horses. Dragon Combat is a bit lacking The Sneak skill is freaking BROKEN you can one shot bosses if you aren't on the harder difficulties Lets fight even MORE Dragur! Also, PLEASE get a DLC, at least one, and Hearthfire doesn't count. They are both good, get one, get both, heck get Legendary Edition if you want and have them ALL, but please get one of them. They add so much to the game. All in all, I'd say 9/10. Great game :D
game-hours: 16.5
review: Such a great, and huge game. If you were a fan of The Elder Scrolls 4, otherwise known as Oblivion, then stop reading this review and buy the game now. Along with an insane amount of content, you can also add mods with the PC version which adds even more hours of gameplay. This is why even though I have the game on 360, I picked it up for PC as well. Do yourself a favor and give this game a try!
game-hours: 206.1
review: This generation's "The Best RPG & mFPS" Must be played by everyone who is living on this earth.
game-hours: 11.4
review: This game is so good it makes me want to rip off my own testicles and dip them in maranara sause and feed then to a homeless alpaca then go to wal-mart and give a fat man a hug!
game-hours: 53.5
review: I've modded this game for 3years. As vanilla maybe not that good, but when you start modding it, even the graphics look beast. This game + all of ultimate  mods = (   ) Shout out to Loverslab modders, keep up the "hard" work (   )
game-hours: 69.7
review: in' perfection right here...
game-hours: 151.9
review: Its got a 94 Meta Critic Review. What else do you need to convince you to buy this game? Oh, you do need more? Well then. I mean jeeze there are dragons and witches and assassins. Just buy the game already. I have, for my xbox, PC, and PS3. Just get the darn thing. You know you want it.
game-hours: 358.9
review: Best game i have ever had....
game-hours: 43.8
review: This game is the greatest open world RPG
game-hours: 77.8
review: Awesome mod platform
game-hours: 59.2
review: yolo best game evar 10/10
game-hours: 367.9
review: 11/10 would skyrim again. Mod support, an immersive world, amazing soundtrack, and an amazing addition to the elder scrolls series. Everytime I start playing this game I find something more to do in the world.
game-hours: 60.3
review: Amazingly stunning.
game-hours: 165.0
review: Couldnt fap hard enough.... 10/10
game-hours: 7.1
review: Fun until Oblivion sets in.
game-hours: 39.7
review: Action RPG   !     RPG    .
game-hours: 158.2
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, what could i say about this fantastic game! As always Bethesda has give us a MASTERPIECE of a game, Bethesda is used to make high detailed open world RPG games, following Fallout 3 from 2008 with the open world high detail terain they did it again, but in a much larger world with much more stuff to explore, Tod Howard is a genious... The story is great, some kind of fetish for prisoners is what Bethesda loves, but the whole game is unbeatable, even after you finish the game and start all over again you will find something new, random events are great, so it gives you planty of side quests, apsolutly an amazing game, 9.5/10
game-hours: 38.4
review: The best RPG that I've played in a long time. Very beautiful and a perfect game for mods. Amazing 10/10. Its a steal while its on sale.
game-hours: 275.8
review: It certainly is dumbing down compared with Oblivion and especially Morrowind, but it's great if you don't want to use intelligence and just want to have fun. Use an Xbox controller for the best experience.
game-hours: 118.4
review: Perhaps one of the best games of all time.
game-hours: 257.0
review: This game... I love it. You should play it,
game-hours: 151.0
review: Awesome game :) so addictive and magical :D
game-hours: 177.9
review: Fun to play and modable.
game-hours: 125.8
review: good game i killed a dragon and found a flying mammoth
game-hours: 32.9
review: Get lost in this whimsical winter wonderland and you will never want to find your way out.
game-hours: 133.3
review: best game ever
game-hours: 310.8
review: Awesome game. Great potential for modders, small time and professional
game-hours: 510.7
review: Excellent game for when you want your own personal game time. Plenty of quests for when you want to make progress on storylines. But just as enjoyable if you want to just chillax and explore. The latest patches go a long way but highly recommend the unofficial patches to fix some left over minor bugs. The workshop and nexus have excellent mods to customise the base game into a version you enjoy. If you found something annoying in the game, likely someone else did too and already created a mod for it.
game-hours: 199.3
review: dis game is great i love it and you should too
game-hours: 85.0
review: Note: My experience may vary from yours since I was running 70+ mods, some of which altered companion AI, voiced dialogue, graphics, etc. This review is directed at players who never played The Elder Scrolls before and have little experience with fantasy RPGs. Skyrim is one of the greatest western RPGs of this generation but I'm convinced that it's not for everyone. If you're not sure if this is the right game for you, then ask yourself the following questions: 1. Do you enjoy playing in a fantasy setting similar to Lord of the Rings that includes magic, Orcs, Elves, demons, etc. ? 2. Do you enjoy lore? That includes paying attention to the dialogue, considering the impact of your choices on the main story and possibly even reading many pages of text? (the last one is optional) 3. Do you enjoy exploring dungeons? It involves enemies, simple puzzles and loot that may include gear or ability upgrades. 4. Do you enjoy playing a single player experience in a vast open world with only AI to interact with? MMO players often find the game too quiet and lonely. 5. Do you enjoy embarking on hundreds of side quests? I know a number of people who were distracted by the side quests and eventually forgot what the main story was about and unfortunately quit. 6. (Optional) Do you enjoy endless modding possibilities? Skyrim has the biggest modding community on the internet and the things you can change range from absurd to epic. Please note that excessive modding can make your game very unstable and even render it unplayable if you're not very careful. I spent days preparing a list of cohesive mods then I installed and uninstalled them a number of times and troubleshooted multiple problems to make them work. The process can very tedious but the results are completely worth it. If your answer to all the above questions is Yes, then I would recommend that you get Skyrim. A number of my friends quit the game within a few days because they got distracted by side quests and forgot the goal of the main story. If you're like them then I recommend that you beat the main campaign first. You'll have all the time in the world after that for the various quests, factions and DLCs. Bethesda's take on the various playable races and their designs is very different from the likes of Lord of the Rings and Warcraft. Do not expect to see skimpy armors or fair elves. The game has a considerable number of bugs. Nothing that would ruin your experience but expect the occasional glitch or crash to happen. I recommend saving every often. Fallout 3 or NV fan? You will feel right at home. Just replace the guns with swords and magic and the post apocalyptic wasteland with a fantasy setting.
game-hours: 89.1
review: Fantastic game! Gamers who enjoy a continuous story and plenty amounts of side missions and quests filled with magic, dragons and old fashioned combat, will be more satisfied than having a fap on a sunday morning. Great graphics, great gameplay, great storyline. Not much else can be said apart from it being MASSIVELY ADDICTIVE!
game-hours: 61.4
review: Excellent game.
game-hours: 152.2
review: Fus Ro Dah Dovahkiin!
game-hours: 224.0
review: AMAZING!
game-hours: 129.8
review: 1000/1000
game-hours: 6.3
review: The coolest of the Elder Scrolls series, though I only mean the weather. It's no threat to Morrowind.
game-hours: 131.5
review: Have you ever felt the urge to shoot your wife/kids with lightning? Have you ever wanted to wander around with no idea wtf is going on? Do you wish to assist daedric princes in torturing innocent people, for that one awesome knife? Then this is the game for you. I guess.
game-hours: 71.2
review: This is by far my favorite game. You have a huge open world to explore and it just never ends. Quest after quest you will find yourself playing it more and more which isnt bad! 10/10!
game-hours: 115.8
review: one of best games ive played placed countless hours
game-hours: 1595.2
review: Best game of all time. Dawnguard DLC is worth every single penny. $20 is a steel for what you get.. if you like vampires or killing them, or both (two stories in one) you'll love it.
game-hours: 17.2
review: Better than real life
game-hours: 53.5
review: I've modded this game for 3years. As vanilla maybe not that good, but when you start modding it, even the graphics look beast. This game + all of ultimate  mods = (   ) Shout out to Loverslab modders, keep up the "hard" work (   )
game-hours: 69.7
review: in' perfection right here...
game-hours: 151.9
review: Its got a 94 Meta Critic Review. What else do you need to convince you to buy this game? Oh, you do need more? Well then. I mean jeeze there are dragons and witches and assassins. Just buy the game already. I have, for my xbox, PC, and PS3. Just get the darn thing. You know you want it.
game-hours: 28.0
review: This game is just so awesome and fun, i bought my version from EB Games for $47 bucks, it's the legendary edition (contains 3 DLCs and In-Game extras), but yeah like i said before, awesome and fun game, i absolutely recommend buying it! ;)
game-hours: 440.6
review: The elder scrollls:Skyrim its an epic adventure trough the land of skyrim... often im asked what`s the best weapons armour, my answer to that is: that all depends on YOUR point of wiew my friend IF you wanna be stealthy i can craft you the finest dagger in all of skyrim, if you want to be strong i can craft you the finest battleaxe, if you wanna be a mage or maybe an archer i can craft you the most powerfull staff and bow, you can hunt for food,fish,steal,buy your food if you want you can choose to do sidequest or mainquest and learn power of the voice... you feel sleepy? then find a village or maybe a city and an Inn with beds, or are you looking for an adventure heh if you are you can just talk to people and ask for quest or you can just find your own adventure need money heh then you can be stealthy and pickpocket people or do quest and claim you reward or sell stuff you dont need go to dungeons find chests loot bodies slay your enemies or be nice to them and get allies backstab people learn how to transform to a werefolf and eat your foes, get ambushed by bandits, fight the most eoic creature ever lived... DRAGON kill it loot its body take dragon bones and scales SO if you wanna be strong craft dragon bone armour and fight kill and slay epic monsters in the hole world...this is skyrim... this is an epic adventure...
game-hours: 92.5
review: This game is awesome. I had it for the PS3, beat it and thought I would play it on my PC because it's just that good. I bought the bundle pack with the DLC so I am excited to play them all! I dont even do the main quests, I just like wandering around and going into caves etc and fighting enemies and finding some pretty sweet items (most of which I sell for money). Did I mention dragons? I love dragons, it makes sad that I have to kill them but nonethless, they died with honour. Oh, and there's some pretty funny glitches.
game-hours: 9.7
review: I been playing this game before but on steam plus the all dlc's and the game is just awesome plus the workshop you can just add the mods without any problems and if you need help just go to the community and disscious and there is always people to help you out :)
game-hours: 271.5
review: .
game-hours: 80.4
review: ITS AWESOME do i have to say more
game-hours: 290.2
review: Skyrim is a great game that will keep you entertained for hours on end. The game is far from perfect but if you overlook those few bugs you will greatly enjoy the game . ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Keizaal los lot kred tol fen dein hi entertained fah omaar nau oblaan. kred los gut nol tozeinnu nuz waan hi overlook den lith pusojur hi fen lotgaar kujiir kred.
game-hours: 124.7
review: awesome
game-hours: 466.6
review: I could type up a long review for this game and explain how great it is in-detail. But words can't describe such a beautiful game. It released in 2011, and still graphically tops most releases today. And with mods only further improving the aesthetics, it's amazing eye candy. The main story is average. But with the tons and tons of side-quests, it comes together for an amazing universe and story with great lore. I've found myself spending a lot of time simply reading the books within the game. The sword combat isn't anything to write home about. It's the same as all TES games, though, and sadly isn't on par with Oblivion's difficulty. But throw in magic and other ways to fight, it's still entertaining. The environments are amazing. Throwing away the bland and copy-paste dungeons of Oblivion, each new location is filled with fun enemies and beautiful views. All in all, Skyrim is my most played title and amazing in every right. If you are still thinking about getting Skyrim, I recommend you do it ASAP. With tons of mods to fix the slightest problems you might find or to simply improve your own experience, it's a game that hardly ever gets old. I highly recommend you get it.
game-hours: 251.3
review: Skyrim is one of the best games ever made. The Elder Scrolls games is my second favorite game series of all time behind the Halo series and before the Mass Effect series. Its an amazing immersive game that I get lost into every time I hear that music.
game-hours: 11.7
review: This game in unlike any other elder scrolls game, with the endless amount of mods this game goes on forever and you never really beat it completely and this game as made me rethink whether or not i really want to do anything with my life, amazing game with or without mods...........With that being said, esbern is the biggest  i have ever met in my entire en life, not that hes a bad character but the fact that he is the most buggiest piece of trash i have ever seen in a game this old, a while back i pirated this game and ran into an issue where his sassy attitude wouldent speak to me and i couldent open his little prison door and talk to him, this caused me to quiet the game thinking it was aproblem due to it being pirated, now after playing it on steam i figured "Pshhhh deres no wayyyy ill run into the same problem again, i mean this is the official steam version, with countless updates and bug fixes" But oh was i wrong, every damn mission i run into with this asshat he dosent talk to me, i ended up lowering my standards to typing a cheat that allowed me to skip the quest at hand, this made me feel like trash considering i missed a large amount of information that he had to offer. After i typed that code in and "complete" the quest i figured " Eh, he'll just be broken for this quest right?" NOPE AGAIN, this little  didn't talk to me for the whole FUGGEN GAME!!! I then figured screw that old fatass, im doing my own thing and completely ignored all quests involving him. Besides the fact that esbern is a total slingbanger , this game is incredible!!!
game-hours: 34.2
review: u can yell loude
game-hours: 72.4
review: 100  100
game-hours: 17.2
review: Well i think we cant say enything new about Skyrim. This game is just awesome in alot of ways, The thing i rly like is that u can change views from 3th to 1st person eny time u desire. I recommend this game for enyone who is looking for exitement in an rpg game. U will get pulled from one story to the other all while exploring this vast and wonderfull world (nicely polished) The only small thing i can find is the fact that there is no Online-Multi co-op option, but then i guess thats where Eso will fill in the blanks. 9-10 sound(track) 9-10 storyline 8-10 gameplay-mechanics A Big thumbs up.
game-hours: 29.1
review: Amazing game, even if I get lost in the map quite often, way too big :)
game-hours: 201.7
review: Took me nearly a year to finally beat it. More stuff to do than any other game I've played. Definitely worth the money.
game-hours: 116.2
review: This game is a gift to gamers who enjoy exploring and being a badass. You will do PLENTY of both. I'm 100 hours in, and I feel like I haven't even really scratched the surface of what there is to see and do in this game.
game-hours: 308.7
review: Uh, its Skyrim. Do i really need to do this? FUS RO DAH!
game-hours: 144.3
review: a i have so many mods for this game i forgot what the original looked like. Instead of fighting dragons, im fighting tomas and his friends.
game-hours: 127.6
review: Good game with plenty of mods to add to. It has a lot of replay ability and I found myself playing it more and more. Morrowind was my favorite and this game is just about second. The game has great combat flow and I have fun killing my enemies with magic, a sword, hammer, etc. The mods add even more fun and unique weapons and spells. Mods even add story lines and missions, even dungeons are added. A very good game.
game-hours: 300.6
review: So many filfy hagravenses to burn... On a more serious note, the game is fantastic. The adventure/exploration of the game is great; the outdoor environments are varied and beautiful at a distance, though as you get closer you're going to see some low-poly terrain and texture lines. The stories you can find in random dungeons around the world are great, giving the adventurer hours of reading material and interesting events to figure out, but each time something like this is found, the empty space between the points of interest are filled with enemies, when in my opinion would better serve as beautiful tours through past civilisations and lives. The game is great for almost every gamer, with exploration, adventure, role-playing and action. However, by putting all of these elements densly into the game, each individual part loses focus. If you just want to explore, you're going to have to cut through swathes of enemies (somewhat mitigated by setting the difficulty level to Novice). If you want in-depth combat, most of it is there, but bosses are basically just the same old enemies with more HP and damage. I would love to see purely adventure/exploration areas in the game, with no combat and plenty of interesting stories to discover, along with bright, beautiful environments. I'd also like to see puzzle-/strategy-based boss-fights, rather than just buffing the same mobs to boss-levels. The modding community has given this game everlasting life in the form of content additions, visual enhancements and improved gameplay depth. Overall, Skyrim is an incredible game which manages to present an in-depth world for you to explore. However, it doesn't quite achieve this depth with any of the gameplay elements.
game-hours: 694.3
review: At its core, Skyrim is a fairly solid game - rather a lot of bugs, to be sure, but still an enjoyable experience. More than six or so voice actors would have been nice, as it's rather weird running into, for example, shopkeepers that have the same voice as a quest-line's primary antagonist (though I would like Nazeem more if he had Alduin's voice). Where the game really shines, though, is the modding community - most problems that you can think of in the game have been either fixed or bizarrely exaggerated by a mod that's out there, somewhere, and that's without going into the handful of mods that add things with Tommy Wiseau's voice.
game-hours: 122.9
review: It has dragons!
game-hours: 130.2
review: This game is one of the best games I have ever played. It's also in the steam top 10 most played games ! If you don't own a skyrim, GET IT NOW ! You won't regret your money. The game itself is an adventure, the main story line is so long + a lot of amazing side quests and DLCs. Once you will finish the game you can download tons of mods for more quests/monsters/armors/weapons... 10/10
game-hours: 224.9
review: .  .
game-hours: 185.1
review: <3
game-hours: 161.5
review: First Person Role Playing Game with decent story and gameplay, yes.
game-hours: 195.5
review: Gahd dammit, I have edited this THIRCE now, due to restarting Morrowind, getting a shot of nostaliga, and thinking that it was marginally better than Skyrim. Long story short, Bethesda did a very good jobon Skyrim, and made quite a few IMPROVMENTS to Morrowind. 10/10 I SHALL STOP EDITING THIS NOW!
game-hours: 49.2
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, so much to say about this game. I will try to keep it short.  = Poor  = Fair  = Good  = Nice  = Awesome  = Amazing  This game is without a doubt the best, and I mean, the best game I have ever played. In all its beauty, Skyrim brings you all your heart could possibly desire. You can practically be anything you want and the options are endless. Customize your characher like there is no tomorrow. If you want to explore, this is the game. If you want to fight endless ammounts of bad guys and monsters, this is the game. If you want a variety of different combat styles, this is the game. You get to do all that in the most beautiful universe, and I assure you, that you will play no other game that has the same extrodinary nature like Skyrim. Even if you aren't the biggest fan of singleplayerbased games, this game will catch your attention right away. This is a true beauty. ing fantastic!
game-hours: 13.7
review: "The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim" is an amazing, enticing open world with vast quanities of things to do. Whether it be fighting off Legendary dragons or delving deep into the ancient Dwemer ruins, it is impossible to get bored. The music is exhilarating and triumphant, the gameplay is stupendous, the languages within the game are linguistically beautiful and you feel like the characters are one with your family. After indulging for hours on end playing this game, you'll find your self-impowerment increasing and you will feel like the Dovakhiin, or, Dragonborn. The soul of a warrior... (I recomend playing at an "Adept" or "Legendary" game difficulty or the game will seem a bit slow) -Enthusiastic
game-hours: 69.0
review: Bought it yesterday and already have 15 hours logged... WORTH!
game-hours: 269.9
review: THE, best game of all time
game-hours: 115.1
review: DON'T PLAY THIS GAME, if you have something else you must do. When I got this game, I spent 32 hours in the first 3 days. You just want to help every random citizen you can meet and complete all the quests. This game is fun and you will have stuff to do in it and you will be missing from life for at least two weeks before you get bored, just to start again a few weeks later!
game-hours: 54.3
review: Ruined my society life. Five stars/
game-hours: 15.3
review: Beast Game i learned how to unlock locked doors in real life xD
game-hours: 68.8
review: It's like Skyrim... with swords!
game-hours: 244.8
review: This game at my soal 10/10
game-hours: 208.4
review: This game has taken so much of my time up, but Do not regret it for a second. Originally I had it on the ps3 when it first came out and sunk about 300-400 hours into it then, After the debacle with the DLC on the ps3 I bought the game on the 360 so that I could play the DLC when they each came out and sunk a few more hundred hours into the game. Now I have finally found wisdom and got myself a gaming pc I have it again, this time modded for a whole new experience to sink more and more hours into. If you like fantasy, first person and making up your own character back story and character quirks then this is the game for you. You can do anything and everything in this game, but the question is, what does your character want to do?
game-hours: 216.4
review: One of the best games made in the last few years
game-hours: 295.1
review: I currently have 224 hours logged into this game and I haven't ever beaten the main questline. 10/10
game-hours: 76.9
review: I kill a dragon, bear watches me kill a dragon, bear still thinks he can take me on....I die from the bear 10/10..
game-hours: 289.4
review: Caution: say goodbye to your social life if you're planning to play this game. XD
game-hours: 116.7
review: I was mollested by things I didnt know even exist. 11/10
game-hours: 122.3
review: After 6 years of painfull waiting, Bethesta Game studios finally realesed their fifth game, I never played an elder scrolls game before but after i played skyrim i just fell in love with the game series, it's starting from the lore of the whole series, then to the story of the game itself, the main quest is always awesome, and there are many side quests and infinite ammount of misc quests, wich makes the game huge, you can play it around 500 hours without completing everything, then there are the mods, wich add to the game alot. I've played this game for 2 years after i downloaded it from the Internet, piratly, after 2 years i still was amaized from the game, it was awesome, and it's still awesome. so i felt bad for not buying that, i bought it even if i've played it for 2 years and i know the main stuff in the game, i don't regret it. awesome game bethesta ! thank you !
game-hours: 127.6
review: Good game with plenty of mods to add to. It has a lot of replay ability and I found myself playing it more and more. Morrowind was my favorite and this game is just about second. The game has great combat flow and I have fun killing my enemies with magic, a sword, hammer, etc. The mods add even more fun and unique weapons and spells. Mods even add story lines and missions, even dungeons are added. A very good game.
game-hours: 300.6
review: So many filfy hagravenses to burn... On a more serious note, the game is fantastic. The adventure/exploration of the game is great; the outdoor environments are varied and beautiful at a distance, though as you get closer you're going to see some low-poly terrain and texture lines. The stories you can find in random dungeons around the world are great, giving the adventurer hours of reading material and interesting events to figure out, but each time something like this is found, the empty space between the points of interest are filled with enemies, when in my opinion would better serve as beautiful tours through past civilisations and lives. The game is great for almost every gamer, with exploration, adventure, role-playing and action. However, by putting all of these elements densly into the game, each individual part loses focus. If you just want to explore, you're going to have to cut through swathes of enemies (somewhat mitigated by setting the difficulty level to Novice). If you want in-depth combat, most of it is there, but bosses are basically just the same old enemies with more HP and damage. I would love to see purely adventure/exploration areas in the game, with no combat and plenty of interesting stories to discover, along with bright, beautiful environments. I'd also like to see puzzle-/strategy-based boss-fights, rather than just buffing the same mobs to boss-levels. The modding community has given this game everlasting life in the form of content additions, visual enhancements and improved gameplay depth. Overall, Skyrim is an incredible game which manages to present an in-depth world for you to explore. However, it doesn't quite achieve this depth with any of the gameplay elements.
game-hours: 694.3
review: At its core, Skyrim is a fairly solid game - rather a lot of bugs, to be sure, but still an enjoyable experience. More than six or so voice actors would have been nice, as it's rather weird running into, for example, shopkeepers that have the same voice as a quest-line's primary antagonist (though I would like Nazeem more if he had Alduin's voice). Where the game really shines, though, is the modding community - most problems that you can think of in the game have been either fixed or bizarrely exaggerated by a mod that's out there, somewhere, and that's without going into the handful of mods that add things with Tommy Wiseau's voice.
game-hours: 1483.4
review: Wonderful game. Love it too much.
game-hours: 83.1
review: This is my review which lists the pros and cons of, The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, for the PC. I've beaten this game three times outside of Steam, and I don't just mean the main quest... I'll mainly try to review the modless version of the game, but I really will try to emphasise how mods can enhance the game and every aspect of it. I'll try to be as descriptive and helpful as I can, while still maintaining that checklist flow. This should sum up just about everything that needs to be said in one review. If anyone has any pros/cons they think I should add, go ahead and tell me in the comments and I'll adjust the material accordingly. Some of these on the list will only be recognizeable by fans of the previous Elder Scrolls games, but they'll be subtle. Here goes... *Pros? +The amazing open world of Skyrim to explore +Decent and immersive story to follow for each questline +Graphics look simply amazing, they're not too extensive on the hardware, and there are plenty of mods to enhance them +Fast travel is an available option once you discover a location, and there are countless locations to discover +Epic soundtrack composed by the well known Jeremy Soule to enjoy +Countless of NPC's to interact with +Unlike Morrowind, this game has more than a single digit of voice actors, haha +Plenty of followers/companions to follow you on your adventures +Tons of factions to join +Countless of quests, sidequests, and misc. quests for you to do +Your actions, choices, faction activies, progress, etc. all have an impact on Skyrim, it's people, and you +A 'crime and effect'/bounty system +Ability to interact with the Daedra Princes +A massive amount of items available in-game +A massive amount of different creatures and enemies for you to fight, and plenty of 'boss' fights available +Plenty of playstyles to choose from (e.g. warrior, thief, mage, craftsman, etc.) +The ability to become a vampire or werewolf, which is very well done (both have their own skill trees) +Tons of skills to level and expand on, there are branching skill tree perks (they've added aspects to the skill tree that can expand the max level to 252+, instead of the original 81) +A difficulty slider for 5 different difficulties- can be changed any time in-game +Amazing character creation (e.g. name, gender, race, hair, eyes, skin tone, paint/dirt, facial construction, etc.), and there are even mods to expand your options +Houses, wife, kids, and pets (Hearthfire DLC adds extra huge houses that you can build up yourself) +Console codes are an option. You can go ahead and cheat, or if you're stuck in a glitch or a bug you can go ahead and try to fix it with the console which is very useful. The console does not deactivate achievements like in Fallout: New Vegas +The DLC expansions are amazing, and are totally worth the price; and you'll clock in tons of enjoyment and hours to the game, which is why I recommend The Legendary Edition to begin with (Dragonborn DLC adds Solstheim to the map- which past fans will remember from the Bloodmoon DLC from Morrowind) +Free 'HD Texture Pack DLC' available for download, which is completely optional +mods, Mods, MODS!!! There are countless of mods out there for you to enjoy, literally. They are easy to install. And, they can change the whole of the game completely. I can't even begin to capitalize on this 'pro'. They can change everything +Steam Worshop integration, and Nexus Mod Manager support +Still a huge community +Steam badges, trading cards, backgrounds, emoticons, and achievements (And Steam Sync is integrated) +Fully mappable controls +My opinion? Morrowind > Skyrim > Oblivion, although newer gamers may not be able to enjoy Morrowind, so Skyrim may be the way to go for you +No cliff-racers *Cons? -Not as good without mods- but still amazing nonetheless, mods are completely optional. This may be more of a con for console players I guess -Mods can sometimes cause CTD's (Crash to Desktop), corrupt saves, bugs, glitches, etc. -Bugs, glitches, and crashes -Some Morrowind 'fanboys' hate on the game- so you might be reading this and end up being one of them (before you say anything; Morrowind is one of my favorite games of all time, and I can admit that I like it way better than Skyrim) -Main questline is a bit short -Repeated NPC lines can get a bit annoying- there are mods to fix that though -Horses seem to be a bit slow and weak- there are mods to fix that though -Becoming a vampire seems to have more cons than pros in my opinion- there are mods to fix that though -Can become a bit OP later in the game, if so, turning up the difficulty should help a bit (might be a good thing or a bad thing) -A bit lacking in graphical/display settings- but it's not that taxing, and it does offer "plenty" of settings in the launcher -Dragons eventually become the new cliff-racer- there are mods to fix that though Well, that was my review of Skyrim. I hope I convinced you to purchase this game. Or maybe I convinced you not to purchase this game, you never know. Anyways, thanks for reading, and I hope I was helpful in your decision. Or, maybe I just convinced you to go ahead and get into mods, hah
game-hours: 956.6
review: Anyone who says this games sucks, sucks.
game-hours: 10.6
review: I absolutely love this game. I have spent many hours playing it on the xbox360 and ended up buying it again on the PC so I could start trying all the interesting mods and HD rendering. This is a game that you can play over and over again and each time you play through it, it is an entirely different experience. Only downside I can think of is there are a few questlines where you have an option to go one way or the other (I wont go into details to avoid spoilers) any one side is really well developed and interesting and the other falls short. There are only a couple of them where this applies though.
game-hours: 275.8
review: It certainly is dumbing down compared with Oblivion and especially Morrowind, but it's great if you don't want to use intelligence and just want to have fun. Use an Xbox controller for the best experience.
game-hours: 118.4
review: Perhaps one of the best games of all time.
game-hours: 81.7
review: I love this game more than I love Lydia. That's not saying much because Lydia is a . This game is seriously addicting, with more than one way for the story to end up.
game-hours: 28.0
review: This game is just so awesome and fun, i bought my version from EB Games for $47 bucks, it's the legendary edition (contains 3 DLCs and In-Game extras), but yeah like i said before, awesome and fun game, i absolutely recommend buying it! ;)
game-hours: 440.6
review: The elder scrollls:Skyrim its an epic adventure trough the land of skyrim... often im asked what`s the best weapons armour, my answer to that is: that all depends on YOUR point of wiew my friend IF you wanna be stealthy i can craft you the finest dagger in all of skyrim, if you want to be strong i can craft you the finest battleaxe, if you wanna be a mage or maybe an archer i can craft you the most powerfull staff and bow, you can hunt for food,fish,steal,buy your food if you want you can choose to do sidequest or mainquest and learn power of the voice... you feel sleepy? then find a village or maybe a city and an Inn with beds, or are you looking for an adventure heh if you are you can just talk to people and ask for quest or you can just find your own adventure need money heh then you can be stealthy and pickpocket people or do quest and claim you reward or sell stuff you dont need go to dungeons find chests loot bodies slay your enemies or be nice to them and get allies backstab people learn how to transform to a werefolf and eat your foes, get ambushed by bandits, fight the most eoic creature ever lived... DRAGON kill it loot its body take dragon bones and scales SO if you wanna be strong craft dragon bone armour and fight kill and slay epic monsters in the hole world...this is skyrim... this is an epic adventure...
game-hours: 124.7
review: awesome
game-hours: 304.9
review: The best game yet in the Elder Scrolls series (way better than Elder Scrolls Online). A great game for rpg pros or noobs.
game-hours: 332.1
review: I just can't express how amazing, well-done and powerful this game is. It is just.. the Best RPG I have ever played in my life. It is kinda addicted as well. Moreover, it never ends and has an amazing story. Even if you will get bored from it in far future , it has plenty of mods in the workshop that will make game even more fun. Totally worth buying.. with all DLCs that it has. 10/10 ...
game-hours: 278.4
review: What can i say? One of the best games!
game-hours: 86.3
review: Bum bum bum bum badadadum. If there was a game that would ruin your life with the same effects as crack then this would be beat only by World of Warcraft. When you buy a game twice just so you can mod it you know you have a problem that can only be dealt with by years of expensive therapy. Don't waste your money on that, however buy more video games to escape those problems. This game will make you question many things. Things like why can horses climb up walls? Or, why do dragons land just so you can kill them? It is a very thought provoking game. I plan to write all future essays that I have to write on this game and minecraft. Buy this game so you can be like me!
game-hours: 537.5
review: A must get for any RPG fan, DOWN WITH MMO, the elder scrolls will always be a single player experience or nothing at all.
game-hours: 46.9
review: Really enjoying Skyrim and all the DLC's a bit buggy at times but can be over looked, Highly recommend it to anyone who wants to play an RPG !
game-hours: 348.9
review: Mod it until it breaks
game-hours: 91.8
review: A modder's paradise and hell all in one package. And trust me, you're gonna want to be modding this game as soon as possible.
game-hours: 273.8
review: I killed a chicken and the whole village attacked me. 10/10.
game-hours: 130.3
review: First off, it's a great game, it would be stupid to deny it, but if you've had some issues with Morrowind and Oblivion (and even Fallout 3), they haven't been fixed. The animations are still awkward, the combat AI is stiil "fight or flee", without any variation or tactics needed. I don't care about the "main story" as it's a sandbox, but the dialog is abysmal. The balance later in the game crawls into a hole and dies, making the game quite dull the farther you get. And as with any Bethesda title, there are bugs everywhere. But it's still fun to play and when the community starts churning out mods, it's gonna be amazing. As someone who hated Oblivion before it was cool to hate it, I say I had fun with Skyrim. Get it when it's on sale.
game-hours: 295.7
review: This is one of my favorite games of all times. The fact that it is open world is amazing, and the character developement is so much fun! I love the voice acting, and the quests. It keeps you busy for sooooo long! And the best part honestly is all of the silly bugs! Skyrim has the best glitches ever. XD
game-hours: 38.7
review: SO MANY MODS!!!!!
game-hours: 2889.4
review: Mesmo depois de centenas de horas, ainda descubro coisa nova a cada momento que jogo. Vale muito a pena comprar jogar e explorar cada canto de Skyrim!
game-hours: 124.2
review: This is good game. Get it.
game-hours: 120.7
review: Mods,Mods,Mods,Mods aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaand mods
game-hours: 87.2
review: The only game out there where killing chickens gets you bounties. Highly Reccomend.
game-hours: 134.8
review: I highly recommend this game if you like to go on an adventure and slay dragons. I made many unforgettable memories in this game.
game-hours: 287.7
review: Pretty average open world RPG/ARPG (with dumbed down RPG elements from previous games) when unmodded. Game quality increases with the right mods. Thankfully Bethesda kept the tradition of including mod support. All my pet peeves (dragons too easy, vampire/werewolf system, graphics, combat, crafting, dull/hollow NPCs...) can be fixed with mods. Tens/hundreds of hours long with mods like Falskaar (user made, adds a whole new area with voice acting and all) extending it even more. 3/5 unmodded. Still not a bad game, but why settle for mediocre? 4-5/5 when properly modded.
game-hours: 126.2
review: Great game, super immersive. I can't add much to the conversation regarding how awesome this game is.
game-hours: 89.1
review: Fantastic game! Gamers who enjoy a continuous story and plenty amounts of side missions and quests filled with magic, dragons and old fashioned combat, will be more satisfied than having a fap on a sunday morning. Great graphics, great gameplay, great storyline. Not much else can be said apart from it being MASSIVELY ADDICTIVE!
game-hours: 61.4
review: Excellent game.
game-hours: 152.2
review: Fus Ro Dah Dovahkiin!
game-hours: 13.7
review: "The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim" is an amazing, enticing open world with vast quanities of things to do. Whether it be fighting off Legendary dragons or delving deep into the ancient Dwemer ruins, it is impossible to get bored. The music is exhilarating and triumphant, the gameplay is stupendous, the languages within the game are linguistically beautiful and you feel like the characters are one with your family. After indulging for hours on end playing this game, you'll find your self-impowerment increasing and you will feel like the Dovakhiin, or, Dragonborn. The soul of a warrior... (I recomend playing at an "Adept" or "Legendary" game difficulty or the game will seem a bit slow) -Enthusiastic
game-hours: 39.4
review: Amazing game.
game-hours: 19.4
review: I love this game and with all the extra workshop and player created content I feel like I'll never finish it.
game-hours: 968.6
review: good fun - and you can use console commands ;)
game-hours: 89.7
review: Game of the years !
game-hours: 217.6
review: Skyrim is like Pringles. A more serious review: The Elder Scrolls Skyrim is without a doubt, one of the very few games that hooked me on for hours. Very few games achieved that. I've played many games that as much as I loved and enjoyed playing, they couldn't suck me in this black hole where I just can't stop. Skyrim is like Pringles, say you only want one chip, then you want another, and another, in the end you finished the entire can before you know it. As a game, Skyrim's endless number of quests, side stories, NPCs, items, dungeons, random overworld events mean you never run out of things to do, which also means you can never really stop until you tell yourself "I've totally played this for way too long". Skyrim is a first person RPG, a standard not many RPGs follow. Nearly every one I've played is third person or real time, but the first person style makes Skyrim that much more engaging, with combat very skill oriented. You have stats, but it is simplified to only health, stamina and magic, meaning there's no need to fiddle around with crazy amounts of numbers to figure out what are the "best" equipment. Some may disagree and prefer having more stat variety, I say the simplicity means you spend less time looking at your inventory and more time fighting, which is where the fun is. Unlike most other RPGs, if you missed, it's because you missed. Everything based on your skill of aiming. Similarly, if you failed to block, you didn't block in time. All of this makes Skyrim the most action oriented RPG game I've played, something which I find really fun. Fighting is all part of your own skill whilst other RPGs are basically down to just picking the right skills and hoping the RNG will make the enemies miss or for you to land more critical hits. TESV: Skyrim is a black hole. It is Pringles. It is the game that few games achieved to do to me. Suck me in and not let go. For comparison, the other games that did this were: Pokemon Red, The Sims and Metroid Prime. I give TESV: Skyrim a Pringles/10
game-hours: 93.4
review: you can take a bee out of a beehive and put it in ur inventory it doesnt even fight back and u can eat it just eat the bee eat the h*cking bee
game-hours: 277.9
review: About 1400~ hours played (Console+Steam) and I'm still having fun at this. The game itself is huge enough to spend hundreds of hours with it, but when you reached the point where you get bored by the vanilla game.. then the real fun begins: Mods. The game is awesomely supported through a huge community and allows you too do almost everything you want. Flying? jepp. Become a werebear? no problem. Become a lich? why not? blood not realistic enough? take this mod. It's the best action-RPG-game I know so far, I'd definitly recommend it. PS: It's engine is so amazing that you can even run it on a low spec machine smoothly (if not you can install some perfomance mods)
game-hours: 168.3
review: This is the most in-depth game i've ever played for 2 hours straight. So many workshop mods, in game items, quests and dungeons; it's almost impossible to put down!
game-hours: 102.7
review: I love this, are only two good RPG like this Skyrim and Witcher. Grafics is amazing, playeble is beutiful, soundtrack is realy nice.
game-hours: 348.9
review: Mod it until it breaks
game-hours: 6.0
review: pus ro dah,
game-hours: 409.0
review: Fantastic RPG/Action/Adventure game. It's got an ample amount of places to explore and things to do. Theres plenty of quests and sidequests to take on. The game can also be pretty challenging depending on where you are, how powerful you are, etc. You will happily lose 100+ hours into this great game.
game-hours: 236.4
review: Skyrim is 2.49 at the moment, if you are considering it while browsing through the comments, stop, punch yourself in the face for even having a doubt and buy it now.
game-hours: 415.3
review: A superb title, in spite of the sometimes moronic AI (it's easy to overcome). Massive world to explore, beasts to slay, and bodies to loot! Truly, a must-have for every fan and newcomer. Oh, and there's a plethora of astounding mods for better graphical fidelity, quests, and items. Even just the vanilla version is worth the purchase!
game-hours: 118.7
review: Well I got to start reveiwing at some point the game may be a few years old but it is still fun to play the exploring a huge facter is the mods the modding community has really kept this game alive it makes every thing from Bunny follower to just funny swords like a giant popsical it has apsects of a mmo like the role playing mounted combat the freedom you have getting married oh then getting divorced Freedom right? xD crafting is fun even better with mods when you can crafy stuff like Spartan armour assasins creed armour, even a Darth vader helmet the game is endless of what you can do if you put your mind to it like I even a pregnant Npc mod O_O as I said it is endless in what you can do :)
game-hours: 86.3
review: Bum bum bum bum badadadum. If there was a game that would ruin your life with the same effects as crack then this would be beat only by World of Warcraft. When you buy a game twice just so you can mod it you know you have a problem that can only be dealt with by years of expensive therapy. Don't waste your money on that, however buy more video games to escape those problems. This game will make you question many things. Things like why can horses climb up walls? Or, why do dragons land just so you can kill them? It is a very thought provoking game. I plan to write all future essays that I have to write on this game and minecraft. Buy this game so you can be like me!
game-hours: 537.5
review: A must get for any RPG fan, DOWN WITH MMO, the elder scrolls will always be a single player experience or nothing at all.
game-hours: 46.9
review: Really enjoying Skyrim and all the DLC's a bit buggy at times but can be over looked, Highly recommend it to anyone who wants to play an RPG !
game-hours: 1223.8
review: Skyrim is an amazing game released by Bethesda 3 years ago. It is the 5th game in the Elder Scrolls series. I have only played Skyrim (TES 5) and Oblivion (TES 4). Skyrim is a game with a lot a re-playability, so unless you have no patience, then you'll enjoy it. Allthough it can get very repetative sometimes. One of my friends describes it as going into dungeons and killing Draugr. The main focus is around the dragons, which have returned after the Oblivion Crisis. I highly recommend this as it is now quite cheap and so are the DLC which let you ride dragons, become a vampire lord and build houses among many other things. Can't wait for the next Elder Scrolls game. (not Online, that's daylight robbery)
game-hours: 331.7
review: This is possibly the best elder scrolls game ever. It has improved or added features from other games. I would know. In the direct predecessor, Oblivion You can do many things such as join guilds and organizations like the Dark brotherhood, The Thieves guild or The Blades. In Skyrim There are changes, Such as the fighters guild in Skyrim is called the companions, I know these arent the same groups but they do the same things. And the Mages guild is the College of Winterhold. There are also very nice DLCs for this game such as the Dawnguard or Dragonborn DLCs. The Dawnguard DLC adds the ability to become a vampire lord as well as perks for the vampire lord and werewolf. It also adds a questline where you have to fight the vampire menace by killing one of the most powerful vampire lords in Tamriel, you do this by getting a magic bow to stop the vampires from getting rid of the sun. You also have the choice to join the vampires and block the sun temporarily so that you dont get negative effect from it. That sums Dawnguard up. Now lets get on to Dragonborn. In the Dragonborn DLC you get many new things such as shouts, armor, weapons, There is also another new quest line. In this one you fight Miraak, The first dragonborn. You go to the island of Solstheim to find out why cultist tried to kill you and you run into some trouble along the way. You have to learn the shouts that made Miraak so powerful. It is mainly one shout, called Bend will. With this shout you have the power of flying dragons. Cool huh? You have to go to the Daedric lord Hermaeus Mora to learn this shout. You also meet the Skalls, a people consisting of Nords that believe in a god called the All-Maker. That sums that one up. The is a minor DLC called Hearthfire that adds the ability to adopt children and build your own house but that is mainly it. The modding community also are a very important part in this game. They make many fixes to the main game and also enhances it. There has been many mods that patch parts of the game that make it 100 times better. That sums Skyrim up. If I was giving this a number rating then I would give it a 9.7 out of 10.
game-hours: 290.2
review: Skyrim is a great game that will keep you entertained for hours on end. The game is far from perfect but if you overlook those few bugs you will greatly enjoy the game . ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Keizaal los lot kred tol fen dein hi entertained fah omaar nau oblaan. kred los gut nol tozeinnu nuz waan hi overlook den lith pusojur hi fen lotgaar kujiir kred.
game-hours: 248.9
review: So much to do on this game. I've lost days playing this game. it is hands down the best game ever.
game-hours: 49.2
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, so much to say about this game. I will try to keep it short.  = Poor  = Fair  = Good  = Nice  = Awesome  = Amazing  This game is without a doubt the best, and I mean, the best game I have ever played. In all its beauty, Skyrim brings you all your heart could possibly desire. You can practically be anything you want and the options are endless. Customize your characher like there is no tomorrow. If you want to explore, this is the game. If you want to fight endless ammounts of bad guys and monsters, this is the game. If you want a variety of different combat styles, this is the game. You get to do all that in the most beautiful universe, and I assure you, that you will play no other game that has the same extrodinary nature like Skyrim. Even if you aren't the biggest fan of singleplayerbased games, this game will catch your attention right away. This is a true beauty. ing fantastic!
game-hours: 3.9
review: Very fun game, and very addicting.
game-hours: 107.2
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a wonderfully immersive and detailed game. There are so many choices available to the player, from exploring dungeons to getting married. The game is just so amazing, especially when you replace 90 percent of Bethesda's own content and replace it with custom content. 10/10 Would bang.
game-hours: 25.7
review: EPIC RPG! Must have it!
game-hours: 794.3
review: Its Skyrim. That alone should be enough for you to get this game if you haven't already done so. The game has been out since 11.11.11 and it's still going strong!
game-hours: 169.5
review: ever wanted to be a man/lizard/cat thing who got adopted by dragons, turns into a werewolf, has a shout that can slow down time, that becomes a thief,who then goes to kill his adopted parents and wields a giant hammer made out of glass? then get this game.
game-hours: 272.3
review: One of the best RPGs I have played with mods.
game-hours: 1223.8
review: Skyrim is an amazing game released by Bethesda 3 years ago. It is the 5th game in the Elder Scrolls series. I have only played Skyrim (TES 5) and Oblivion (TES 4). Skyrim is a game with a lot a re-playability, so unless you have no patience, then you'll enjoy it. Allthough it can get very repetative sometimes. One of my friends describes it as going into dungeons and killing Draugr. The main focus is around the dragons, which have returned after the Oblivion Crisis. I highly recommend this as it is now quite cheap and so are the DLC which let you ride dragons, become a vampire lord and build houses among many other things. Can't wait for the next Elder Scrolls game. (not Online, that's daylight robbery)
game-hours: 469.8
review: I have put in exactly 392 hours into this game since I first purchased it. Despite some relatively simple AI, somewhat outdated graphics, a really irritated inventory menu and the inevitable bugs that plague the game, Skyrim is one of the greatest RPGS of its era. Though simpler than the previous titles of Morrowind and Oblivion, it allows you much more freedom than either of the two. You can build your character around your particular playstyle with no real "Optimal Builds", and if you ever decide you dislike the way your character is set up, you can simply start training another skill and become good at it. If you spend enough time in Tamriel slaying dragons and saving damsels in distress, your character can learn and master all of the different skills that are available to you. The open-world environment and HUNDREDS of places to explore and quests to complete, you never really feel like you're being forced to go down one particular path and every time you play, you'll end up discovering something new. The indepth lore surrounding the Elder Scrolls series heavily immerses you in the world and story, making you feel like you've stepped into another world. If you love RPGS, this is a MUST HAVE.
game-hours: 55.4
review: This game gave me a modding addiction, I now have 211 mods.
game-hours: 16.9
review: This game is a must ! Although that i didn't play the game for too long but it's amazing and i am going to spend a lot of time on it ! It's the best damn RPG Open World game out there ! Go buy it ! NOW ! Only costs 20$ for this masterpiece ! Also if you have some money lying around i recommend going with the Legendary Edition like i did since it has all the DLC.
game-hours: 172.1
review: If this game was a potato it would be a good potato 15/10
game-hours: 68.6
review: Vikings. Mountains. Snow. Backwards flying dragons. Looks pretty. And a lot of people apparently voiced by Arnold Schwarzenegger. I felt I had seen it all after 30 hours, but what makes the PC version superior is MODS. I always wanted to ride a Chicken. tenouttaten
game-hours: 125.0
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim Review PROS -Awesome story -Amazing modding community -Immresive -So many things to see and do -Lots of lore CONS -Can be very glitchy -Default textures look kinda gross OVERALL An amazing experience that everyone should have in their Steam Library. A must play! MY SCORE 9.5 out of 10
game-hours: 2.9
review: 10/10 This Game never gets old in my scrolls!
game-hours: 131.5
review: Have you ever felt the urge to shoot your wife/kids with lightning? Have you ever wanted to wander around with no idea wtf is going on? Do you wish to assist daedric princes in torturing innocent people, for that one awesome knife? Then this is the game for you. I guess.
game-hours: 71.2
review: This is by far my favorite game. You have a huge open world to explore and it just never ends. Quest after quest you will find yourself playing it more and more which isnt bad! 10/10!
game-hours: 104.9
review: Skyrim helped me grow 4" in 4 weeks! Doctors hate me.
game-hours: 39.4
review: Amazing game.
game-hours: 19.4
review: I love this game and with all the extra workshop and player created content I feel like I'll never finish it.
game-hours: 968.6
review: good fun - and you can use console commands ;)
game-hours: 89.7
review: Game of the years !
game-hours: 217.6
review: Skyrim is like Pringles. A more serious review: The Elder Scrolls Skyrim is without a doubt, one of the very few games that hooked me on for hours. Very few games achieved that. I've played many games that as much as I loved and enjoyed playing, they couldn't suck me in this black hole where I just can't stop. Skyrim is like Pringles, say you only want one chip, then you want another, and another, in the end you finished the entire can before you know it. As a game, Skyrim's endless number of quests, side stories, NPCs, items, dungeons, random overworld events mean you never run out of things to do, which also means you can never really stop until you tell yourself "I've totally played this for way too long". Skyrim is a first person RPG, a standard not many RPGs follow. Nearly every one I've played is third person or real time, but the first person style makes Skyrim that much more engaging, with combat very skill oriented. You have stats, but it is simplified to only health, stamina and magic, meaning there's no need to fiddle around with crazy amounts of numbers to figure out what are the "best" equipment. Some may disagree and prefer having more stat variety, I say the simplicity means you spend less time looking at your inventory and more time fighting, which is where the fun is. Unlike most other RPGs, if you missed, it's because you missed. Everything based on your skill of aiming. Similarly, if you failed to block, you didn't block in time. All of this makes Skyrim the most action oriented RPG game I've played, something which I find really fun. Fighting is all part of your own skill whilst other RPGs are basically down to just picking the right skills and hoping the RNG will make the enemies miss or for you to land more critical hits. TESV: Skyrim is a black hole. It is Pringles. It is the game that few games achieved to do to me. Suck me in and not let go. For comparison, the other games that did this were: Pokemon Red, The Sims and Metroid Prime. I give TESV: Skyrim a Pringles/10
game-hours: 104.9
review: Skyrim helped me grow 4" in 4 weeks! Doctors hate me.
game-hours: 493.6
review: You know these like games. ONCE IN LIFETIME. There are not many games as great as Skyrim. For my opinion one of the best games ever will be made. The story is a bit seen though but because great Skyrim is famous for it's mods the story will be more interesting after a few mods installed. Graphics are just great. Actually they keep me speechless mostly. And of course bugs, they are the balancing thing between the bloody combat, magic, sthealthiness and travelling. They make this game interesting. I mean that players sometimes even seem to look for the bugs. but as I said in the start ONCE IN LIFETIME. Great game. with 0(worst) - 10(best) i would give 9
game-hours: 108.6
review: An amazing game, can only get bored when you're stuck in dungeons, make sure you learned Clairvoyance! Pros: -Many factions you can join -Great main storyline -Great side quests storylines -Amazing graphics -A lot of weapons you can choose from -A lot of magic spells you can learn -Mod-friendly -Just... everything Cons: -Some of the voices are annoying as  -When changing tabs, double cursor happens (fixed using OneTweak mod) 95/100 from me.
game-hours: 215.1
review: it's definitely one of the top 5 best games of all the time ever made ! it's  :)
game-hours: 194.4
review: ONE OF THE BEST GAMES I HAVE EVER PLAYED 10/10
game-hours: 35.4
review: This game is absolutely amazing. I must say that the programing gods at Bethesda have really outdone themselves. Skyrim offers a free roam world full of quests, secrets, and hidden tresures that litter the stunningly beautiful, midevil landscape. I would recommend this game to any gamer whether they prefer Call of Duty styled first person shooters, or World of Warcraft styled RPG's. It also offers a number of DLC packs that will carry your adventure through the Elder Scrolls series even further! If you ever get bored of the run-of-the-mill questing crap you can always look towards the Steam Workshop for over 19,000 different gameplay enhancing mods. This work of art will always keep you on your toes, so keep yourself awake every night playing until your eyes are dryer than the Sahara Desert!
game-hours: 38.8
review: Okay....So this is a game where you will never want to quit playing. It has main story lines/quests........But then it has side quests, and they are not like most other games. These sometimes take up to as long as the main quest, that is what i love i could sit down and play all day long if i could. If i had a life i would throw it away to play this game, but i can not do that because i already did. I would fap to this game like it was porn. I would marry this game. I would Die with this game, and tell them to put it in the grave with me. It just makes me sooo happy to see it when i'm down i put in the disc start it up and drown in the, eminse.....fictional world of Skyrim...as the Dragonborn. The dragons are my mentors... the Priests and the Greybeards...the dragons are my friends not my enemies.......I LOVE THIS ING GAME DO NOT MAKE MORE THIS IS JUST UHH....PERFECT. The reason i have barely have any hours is because i currently have a  PC...so i play on my dads Pc when i can, but i'm getting a new one soon. 1,000,000/10 BUY IT NOW!!!!
game-hours: 13.7
review: this is my review for this 2 year old game. to start off dont be fooled by the only 5 hours logged on stewam. I first played around 300 hours on a non steam version of the game and picked it up again in sale. now off to the game. now where to start? the story: the stoy is little short but still great to play trhough, good voice actors, enjoyable story and when your done with the main story there are plenty of thing to do around like just freakin murdering everyone or blowing lydia of high hrotgar with FUS RO DAH :D or just do what you want. write your own story. the gameplay: if you like to play in first or third person your choice I like the third person view myself since you can see more of the beautiful world of skyrim around you. the cmbat is solid. not super hard or something but still pretty good. SO many weapons in this game just choose what you want. the graphics: its okay i guess. not the best ive seen but hey its a 2 year old game. and oh yeah some textures are just terrible. but thanks to the awesome skyrim community there are some great texturepacks out there that make the game look so much better. and speaking of the community. its still huge after 2 years. its awesome. there are so many mods for this game that add to a great gameplay experience. go check out the nexus site for mods and the steam workshop ofcourse well to wrap this review up: I sunk in well over 300 hours and im not even bored yet. the open world is so huge and its worth exploring. for me personaly pretty much one of the best games ive ever played. deserves a good and deserved 10/10 buy it already. bye
game-hours: 16.5
review: Muito bom mesmo, um dos melhores jogos *0*
game-hours: 122.9
review: It has dragons!
game-hours: 130.2
review: This game is one of the best games I have ever played. It's also in the steam top 10 most played games ! If you don't own a skyrim, GET IT NOW ! You won't regret your money. The game itself is an adventure, the main story line is so long + a lot of amazing side quests and DLCs. Once you will finish the game you can download tons of mods for more quests/monsters/armors/weapons... 10/10
game-hours: 224.9
review: .  .
game-hours: 144.3
review: a i have so many mods for this game i forgot what the original looked like. Instead of fighting dragons, im fighting tomas and his friends.
game-hours: 29.1
review: Amazing game, even if I get lost in the map quite often, way too big :)
game-hours: 271.4
review: amazing game, very buggy, but what matters and fun and he has a lot
game-hours: 218.7
review: This game is perhaps one of the most comprehensive, vast, and expansive games I have ever played. Throughout my journey through the world of Skyrim, searching through nordic wastelands, crawling through massive dungeons, and completing wonderful questlines, I felt utterly involved, and absorbed into the game. This is a game I very happily paid $60 for, and would highly reccomend it to anyone who's played an RPG similar to this in the past, or even just people who haven't, but would like to know what the epitome of an RPG may be. This has been my favorite game to play through, and I don't regret a second of gameplay.
game-hours: 750.1
review: Mods
game-hours: 77.2
review: This game is 100% pure brilliance. If you're the type that likes RPG's (and if you're not it's a good way to start :> ) then this is definitely the game for you. The main story itself is quite good, but the way you can go before you get there, side quests and so forth, is just really really good. You should indulge yourself into this game, this is an amazing piece of art, and the design is just beautiful with and intriguing story. Don't forget that it's PC, and the biggest plus from that is the mod community. There are so many good mods, and mods that will make the game better. Buy it, it is just that great.
game-hours: 451.6
review: Y U NO PLAYED IT YET???
game-hours: 0.1
review: Bought Skyrim instead of game with cute little 2D anime girls. I am not a smart man.
game-hours: 111.9
review: One of my favorite games to play. It has endless lands to explore, at least it feels that way. I usually get really baked and explore deep down in the caverns getting lots of treasure.. I am the wizard master and I am a thief lord...HERE I AM!!!!
game-hours: 171.3
review: yes
game-hours: 85.2
review: real life if u do it right
game-hours: 46.3
review: best first person shooter horror game ive ever played
game-hours: 201.7
review: Are you gentlemen prepared for another riveting review? From the masterminds that brought you a tf2 review! Creator Sir NeckBeard McCheeto Dust brings you: 10 saucy ways to sex up your cooking! this game is rly  good pls buy it - thank you for your time *this has been verified for accuracy by the FDA
game-hours: 10.0
review: A game where you can mod everything and burn endless hours with mods, I mean.. come on! What are you doing here sitting and reading the reviews for this game? Go and buy it! You are losing money by not buying this game.
game-hours: 103.0
review: "What is it, Dragons? 69/10 Would talk to guard again.
game-hours: 604.1
review: Is this reallife ? 5/5
game-hours: 1286.3
review: Normally I'd write a thoughtful and coherent review of this game, but it's skyrim we're talking about here. So if you don't already have it, you should; because this game was the reason why I built a PC.
game-hours: 17.2
review: Better than real life
game-hours: 116.6
review: Lemme explain dis game: You go around the land of Skyrim even though it's not it the sky(WHAT THE 823712 I WANT MAH MONZ BAK) and going around shouting at people to the point where the fall of hills and crap. You can be a man or lizard depends on your level of nerd(mine is 42) and then you preety much die... alot if you don't know what you are doing Don't forget about DLC! that's always necessary Ok let us be honest. Skyrim is an amazing game. Yes it has like over 9000 bugs. But that really does not matter. I reccomend this game alot to anyone so buy it for yourself, mothers, fathers, sisters, brothers, grandma, grandpa, aunt and uncle, cat, dog, dead pet goldfish(RIP) and of course your friends. Have fun!
game-hours: 25.9
review: I play this game with 8 giant fans pointed towards my genitals to retain immersion so I can pretend i'm in the snowy mountains with my character "DongBeetle420" 10/10
game-hours: 30.5
review: It's great, until you have to deal with NPCs.
game-hours: 268.7
review: it is a very adventuress game full of mystrous and stuff and is easy to mod so i give it a thumbs up
game-hours: 1588.4
review: One of the best RPG games iv'e ever played... the only thing i'd complain about is npc AI but now adays there is quite literally a mod for everything so I also recomend enough mods to keep you entertained, but overall great a game.
game-hours: 415.3
review: A superb title, in spite of the sometimes moronic AI (it's easy to overcome). Massive world to explore, beasts to slay, and bodies to loot! Truly, a must-have for every fan and newcomer. Oh, and there's a plethora of astounding mods for better graphical fidelity, quests, and items. Even just the vanilla version is worth the purchase!
game-hours: 174.2
review: I felt a painful sensation deep in my , Like a bee had just made my  his new home.
game-hours: 390.9
review: Lost all of my friends from playing this game 24/7, 42/10 would lose all friends again
game-hours: 136.4
review: its call of duty but with less shouting
game-hours: 101.6
review: This game is great value for money - especially with the three added DLCs of Dragonborn, Dawnguard and Hearthfire. It can be a bit annoying to arrive back in Whiterun and be instantly hacked to pieces by Vampires, however, they do have some great kit that you can nick off them once you've given them the good news. Being able to choose between following the set storylines or just wandering around the world aimlessly gives many variables to one's gaming experience, and of course the plethora of mods just adds nice customised play. Having the mods easily accessible via the Steam Workshop is highly convenient. Awesome game, awesome experience - play it now!
game-hours: 174.3
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is the fifth edition of the popular series of role-playing game. This time the story revolves around the return to the land of the ancient race of dragons and assign us to play the role of one of the last dragon hunters. The game starts with the creation of our virtual hero. You can choose from ten diverse races, whereas there is no division into classes. With advances in play, our character becomes more powerful. When you go to the next level, you can independently increase one of the three basic characteristics: magic, strength and health. Skill system has been divided into clear groups, for example: one-handed weapons or two-handed. Each of these categories contains specific abilities and attacks. There is a new combat system that is more dynamic and also requires tactical thinking. Each hand hero can now assign a weapon, shield or spell. Skyrim offers the opportunity to explore a huge virtual world, which contains, five major cities and hundreds of the underworld. In order to facilitate getting around such a large area the authors have introduced the option of traveling between locations. We can also modify our game through various add-ons created by the community. To summarize the game has quite an interesting story, it is well optimized, has a very good soundtrack and a huge world to explore. During the game, I spent many wonderful hours exploring the provinces of Skyrim. My final rating is 9/10.
game-hours: 564.8
review: For a TES game? It's okay. Amazing RPG. Big expansions. Great soundtrack. If you don't mod it until it crashes, you're playing it wrong.
game-hours: 268.2
review: You probably already know that the Game is awesome.
game-hours: 257.6
review: I have 256 hours on this game, and 100% achivements, I can easily put another 256 hours on it. yes, its that good :) and I am not even counting mods
game-hours: 10.0
review: Played this on console the most (78 hours) and i can tell you it is worth the money. The graphics on pc beat the Newest CoD if you get a few texture enhancing mods and it has the best gameplay experiance EVER 10/10 By far one of the best games on the market
game-hours: 129.8
review: 1000/1000
game-hours: 6.3
review: The coolest of the Elder Scrolls series, though I only mean the weather. It's no threat to Morrowind.
game-hours: 272.3
review: One of the best RPGs I have played with mods.
game-hours: 295.7
review: This is one of my favorite games of all times. The fact that it is open world is amazing, and the character developement is so much fun! I love the voice acting, and the quests. It keeps you busy for sooooo long! And the best part honestly is all of the silly bugs! Skyrim has the best glitches ever. XD
game-hours: 91.8
review: A modder's paradise and hell all in one package. And trust me, you're gonna want to be modding this game as soon as possible.
game-hours: 232.0
review: Mod it until it crashes. If it's not broken, fix it till it is.
game-hours: 169.7
review: If you're a person who likes to find all the loot, search every nook and cranny, complete all quests, well I'd say you're probably in for a couple of hundred hours with Skyrim. Let's make that double if you're playing with Legendary difficulty option since it makes every single thing in game to have absurdly high hitpoints and cuts your damage down about 4 times the normal difficulty setting. Still can't decide if legendary difficulty is actually a challenge or outright torture to kill time (not very much so) efficiently. Still being able to enjoy playing it third time. Would definetely recommend to any open world rpg lover.
game-hours: 136.4
review: its call of duty but with less shouting
game-hours: 271.4
review: amazing game, very buggy, but what matters and fun and he has a lot
game-hours: 2425.4
review: its ok i guess
game-hours: 29.4
review: It's a great experience to play. ... realistically. beautiful landscapes, immersive music. In my opinion the best game to try if you like the saga or if you are a follower of game with this genre. Skyrim in two words ''simplement magnifique.'' *** Update : As i can see if you keep playing the game hours and hours you would never get bored, plus you can find a lot of great Mods at the workshop to . I keep telling to myself that I should get more free time in my life to immerse myself completely into Skyrim (*O*)
game-hours: 109.0
review: join hitlers ranks as you battle viciously against leonardo da vinci and his zombie hordes. scale the summit of mt. doom. learn to talk loudly at people and make them fall down. be one with the lizard. turn into a vampire and seduce 12 year old girls. in team meat's highly anticipated sequel to fallout new vegas, the elder scrolls: skryim, you can do it all. and more! 5 stars
game-hours: 34.8
review: # Our Hero, our Hero claims a warrior's heart I tell you, I tell you the Dragonborn comes With a voice wielding power of ancient Nord Art Believe, believe the Dragonborn comes It's an end to the evil, of all Skyrim's foes Beware, beware the Dragonborn comes For the darkness has passed and the legend yet grows You'll know, you'll know Dragonborn's come. Dovahkiin Dovahkiin Naal ok zin los vahriin wah dein vokul mahfaeraak ahst vaal ahrk fin norok paal graan fod nust hon zindro zaan Dovahkiin fah hin kogaan mu draa
game-hours: 275.8
review: Only gets good after 10 gigabytes of mods.
game-hours: 301.2
review: REVIEW HAIKU Factions seek power Whilst Balgruuf sits on the fence Dragons incoming
game-hours: 102.5
review: Suggestion: Play it on your PC. Endless fun with all sorts of modding & its boundless possibilities.
game-hours: 340.3
review: This game is in my personal top 10. i have owned it on all 3 platform,s beat it uncountible times and to this day still enjoy playing it. if you dont own it GET IT ASAP
game-hours: 215.0
review: Imagine Fallout: New Vegas. Cover it with snow, take out the fire weapons and fill it with medieval ones. Sprinkle it with dragons, other fantasy monsters and horses, and you'll get something not far from Skyrim. Vanilla Skyrim is a good game. It could have been the best game made, but tries to cover such an enormous terrain, such an absurd amount of quests, it necessarily had to end up filled to the brim with bugs, unsolvable quests and various other glitches. Luckily for everybody, Bethesda decided to make this another of the moddable games, resulting in a nearly flawless epic adventure that you can customize to your own tastes. More dragons, no dragons, more quests, more provinces, more spells, more houses to buy or build and call your home. There's pretty much nothing you won't be able to find a mod for. The result is an amazing experience where you can put hundreds of hours with a single character (and not even counting the DLCs) while collecting items, exploring the bazillon dungeons all over Skyrim, comleting quests, or generally exploring the biggest game world I've ever seen. In short, this is as good as a game can be to put your money in.
game-hours: 56.5
review: Stole a potato and the whole of skyrim is hunting me down. 10/10 will steal potato again
game-hours: 91.3
review: The funny, challenging, stimulating, entertaining and everlasting, first person (or third person if you prefer) fantasy open world role playing game everyone should play (and beat) at least once. Not to mention the active and prolific modding community which is keeping the game up to date with impressive mods, able to push graphics, audio and gaming experience far beyond the original, already huge, capabilities of the vanilla game.
game-hours: 207.0
review: Sooooo fun, better with DLC, mods add infinite replayability. One of my favourite games.
game-hours: 91.9
review: Installed a mod, my male charachter got rap3d and got pregnant. And just died.... 10/10.
game-hours: 242.0
review: Step 1: Download Game Step 2: Download Mods Step 3: Download More Mods Steps 4-217: (See steps 2 and 3) Step 5: Play game (or maybe more mods) What you can do with mods: -Make followers sexy? Check -Mod the hell out of the graphics? Check -Marry Serana? Check -Bang Serana? Check -Bang (insert any character's name here)? Check -Punish guards for complaining about arrows in the knee? Oh yes. Infinity/10
game-hours: 220.3
review: >Get this game >Mod it to oblivion >Start the game >CTD >Spend all day trying to get it working >Now that it's stable, play it for a few hours >Get bored, stop playing >2 months later >repeat Sums up my experience with this game.
game-hours: 101.6
review: This game is great value for money - especially with the three added DLCs of Dragonborn, Dawnguard and Hearthfire. It can be a bit annoying to arrive back in Whiterun and be instantly hacked to pieces by Vampires, however, they do have some great kit that you can nick off them once you've given them the good news. Being able to choose between following the set storylines or just wandering around the world aimlessly gives many variables to one's gaming experience, and of course the plethora of mods just adds nice customised play. Having the mods easily accessible via the Steam Workshop is highly convenient. Awesome game, awesome experience - play it now!
game-hours: 174.3
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is the fifth edition of the popular series of role-playing game. This time the story revolves around the return to the land of the ancient race of dragons and assign us to play the role of one of the last dragon hunters. The game starts with the creation of our virtual hero. You can choose from ten diverse races, whereas there is no division into classes. With advances in play, our character becomes more powerful. When you go to the next level, you can independently increase one of the three basic characteristics: magic, strength and health. Skill system has been divided into clear groups, for example: one-handed weapons or two-handed. Each of these categories contains specific abilities and attacks. There is a new combat system that is more dynamic and also requires tactical thinking. Each hand hero can now assign a weapon, shield or spell. Skyrim offers the opportunity to explore a huge virtual world, which contains, five major cities and hundreds of the underworld. In order to facilitate getting around such a large area the authors have introduced the option of traveling between locations. We can also modify our game through various add-ons created by the community. To summarize the game has quite an interesting story, it is well optimized, has a very good soundtrack and a huge world to explore. During the game, I spent many wonderful hours exploring the provinces of Skyrim. My final rating is 9/10.
game-hours: 564.8
review: For a TES game? It's okay. Amazing RPG. Big expansions. Great soundtrack. If you don't mod it until it crashes, you're playing it wrong.
game-hours: 268.2
review: You probably already know that the Game is awesome.
game-hours: 28.3
review: I used to have a life like you, but then I bought Skyrim from Steam.
game-hours: 28.2
review: This game is simply AMAZING and it has soul, the art style, music and character models make Skyrim the most spectacular experience so far in terms of a living world to explore. Skyrim is not so much an RPG as it is an "Adventure Simulator."
game-hours: 106.3
review: .
game-hours: 75.5
review: Love the story, love the mythology, love the gameplay, love the adventures and the immersion (art, scenery, landscapes, music!). You just want... to... keep... playing! My 'best-friend' game in these last months. :)
game-hours: 29.7
review: Where is all the dragons? I give 1o/1O
game-hours: 276.8
review: Skyrim - is so f*cking awesome!!!
game-hours: 56.3
review: Really kool game must play ;3
game-hours: 312.3
review: this game is fun i do not like the fact the main person is about to be de headed but it is a fun rpg has great mods and all kinds of fun stuff that i do not want to ruin for people who want to try it.
game-hours: 154.1
review: Well goodbye schoolwork and grades this game is so amazing my eyes were spilling red from my sockets from are awsome but all in all most of the time you will forget the time of the day when you play it
game-hours: 273.8
review: I killed a chicken and the whole village attacked me. 10/10.
game-hours: 130.3
review: First off, it's a great game, it would be stupid to deny it, but if you've had some issues with Morrowind and Oblivion (and even Fallout 3), they haven't been fixed. The animations are still awkward, the combat AI is stiil "fight or flee", without any variation or tactics needed. I don't care about the "main story" as it's a sandbox, but the dialog is abysmal. The balance later in the game crawls into a hole and dies, making the game quite dull the farther you get. And as with any Bethesda title, there are bugs everywhere. But it's still fun to play and when the community starts churning out mods, it's gonna be amazing. As someone who hated Oblivion before it was cool to hate it, I say I had fun with Skyrim. Get it when it's on sale.
game-hours: 1819.6
review: A very fun game. Please pick this up. However, I would recommend getting Oblivion and Morrowind too before touching this so it doesn't spoil your fun
game-hours: 295.6
review: 10/10 would have friends.
game-hours: 5.2
review: i killed a chicken and the whole town attacked me 69/420 would meme again
game-hours: 685.0
review: Everyone in the world has played this game by now, but just in case someone has missed it somehow, Skyrim is a great game. No, really. Just play it. Huge tracts of land, dragons, treasure, old men in robes, it's all here, and more. Go!
game-hours: 140.1
review: OH YEAH! One of the most lively game of all time! Do you wanna finish this game?  YOU saying Skyrim! This game is infinite and you can play and play and play how much your heart desires! Do you like your life? This boring life? NO!? So play Skyrim, Skyrim will replace ur life! I dont have enough words to say that is freaking awesome! I rated it 11/10! Ammmm... Wait! I changed my mind, in this game no sex scenes, and I can`t Molest kids or animals( And graphis a little bit sucks, and I can`t poop in this game, and inventory uncomfortable and... and... ahhhhhhh... Fine! 9.5/10 This is true and fair rate for this peace of life simulator in Russia with Nords, magic, dragons, dungeons, treasures and bags!
game-hours: 109.8
review: Short review: 50 hours and more of pure fun. If you enjoyed Oblivion or Witcher series, you should definitely try this one. Good Points: * Good enough main story and insteresting subquests * Aswesome graphics and landscapes * Skill trees and combat * Huge world * Best Elder Scroll so far. * Open worldness (You feel quite free) Bad Points * Can easily become too easy if you abuse the game (unbalanced) * Can lose interest if leave the main story. * Repetition. (ex: Killing the first dragon is cool but afterward it becomes too easy and boring chasing them)
game-hours: 952.9
review: Skyrim is another World Better Then This One in So Many Ways, You Really do Live Another Life. I Always thught Skyrim was just another bad AAA game then one day i saw The Witcher 2 on sale so i added founds to my steam for the first time and I got it, then i saw G-mod Witcher 1 and Darksouls 1 and got then too But then i saw Skyrim i didn't expect to like it but i got it... I fell in love. I Have played Over 850 Hours of Skyrim i have gotten all 75 Achievements The Level 5 Badge all the Emoticons and Backgrounds, Skyrim is one of my Top 3 Games of all Time. if you see this game on sale buy it. I will Never Forget! I am Harbinger!, I am Nightingale!, I am Arch-Mage!, I am Dawnguard!, I am Legate!, I am Dragonborn!.
game-hours: 51.5
review: the buggy horses make this game 10% more amazing
game-hours: 398.8
review: This game is so fun with so much to do. You can chose what you want to do and play way different then your friends while both enjoying the experience. With this game your not limited to the main quest but other side quests some small some big. Not to mention you can mod this game with both the workshop and from websites adding even more to the experince. Even if you have played Skyrim before on a console, to get the true Skyrim expeince (along with downloading mods) you must play it on PC. Def a must buy. 10/10
game-hours: 240.8
review: MANKINDS FIRST STEP INTO SPACE COLONIZATION. Skyrim combines elements from many other successful titles into a bland pure joy. The game boldly takes inspiration from call of duty, mimicking its graphical fidelity perfectly. The environments one visits are truely breathtaking, my favorite was Cave#107( you Cave#106 lovers, #107 was superior in every way). The combat was nailbiting at every turn, I wasn't sure if i'd have to alter my tactics from an encounter to encounter basis. However I was able to prevail with my old faithful strategies, it reminded much of the feeling of being a warrior constantly improving his unique tecnique as his life progresses. The music was truly astounding, I liked the part where the choir yelled. The combat mechanics were unlike any other, who knew that streamlining the looking for raid mode in world of warcraft would've benfited a single player RPG? The indepth lore behind the dragons was -------------------------------------------------------------------SPILLER ALET-------------------------------------------------AWESOME. -------------------------------------------------------------END OF SPILER------------------------------------------------------The games loot system was incredibly rewarding too, I fealt like an empowered badass slaying bandits and then picking up their numerous loaf of bread. On the topic of bread, the cooking in the game was unlike any other I've seen, chef gordon ramsey would draw inspiration from these mechanics. Inspiring. How does one describe the dragon fights in one word? EXTRIMTENSESOMELYBADAWSOM I HAD TO MAKE UP A WORD JUST TO DESCRIBE THESE FIGHTS!!!!1 The battles were tests of everything I've learned my twelve years of life, everything i've ever known culminated into these battles. If you are faint of heart, DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME. Each type of dragon stronger than the last, bringing its own unique menchanics to the mix forcing you to adapt your life to battle them. The fact that i can just be attempting to meet my wife in my home city just to be attacked by a dragon helps to build up the feeling of hopelessness this world has and in no way breaks the flow of the game. In conclusion, this game is my game of a lifetime. This game will define me as my life continues and I master the art of making nude mods, perfect for the kids bring family. 12/9 AND IF YOU DISAGREE  YOU BEST GAME EVERY OU FUXING NOOB I SWAERT PLP IKE YOUY ARE RONG WITH GEM INDUSTRY ASKIG HIGHER TEXUTRE RESOLITIIN  YOU THIS GAMEW IS PERFECT FOR MY IMAC WHEN IOM GAME, and sneak.
game-hours: 120.5
review: Described a slightly amusing antic within the game and put 10/10 at the end. 10/10
game-hours: 266.4
review: The only true perfect open world game I have ever come across. 1. Smart NPCS 2. Fully open world 3. Complete freedom to play how you want 4. Never really ending you can always find something new 5. Look up mods on the steam workshop once you put 100 or so hours into the game without mods. There is nothing negative about this game! I would buy this game if it was $200.00 I really hope they re-master some of the older elder scrolls sometime.
game-hours: 127.0
review: Jeden z lepszych "erpegw", spdziem w nim wiele godzin ktrych nie auj, kady mechanizm rozgrywki jest idealnie dopieszczony. Jak dla mnie 9/10.
game-hours: 459.9
review: Awesome game, It offers lots more hours of gameplay than Call of Duty
game-hours: 458.8
review: I love the open world option in the game. The way you can go and explore the world and your own leasure. You can take on many different quests in so many locations that it keeps you entertained throughout. Your skilling up is also done at a pace that keeps the fights and battles interesting. The scenery is breathtaking, the detail awesome, the realism fantastic. I think this game ranks 10/10 and to me is the top of all RPG games. Bethesda has done an awesome job. Now I would love for them to upgrade both Morrowind and Oblivion to the same standard as Skyrim. I have the whole set from Arena through to Skyrim and each game got better and better. Well done to all the modders out there that have done a fantastic job to add more spice to the game. I would definitely recommend this game to every single RPG player in the world. A must have. Can't wait to see if there are more expansions in the making.
game-hours: 126.4
review: Do you get to the cloud district very often? Ah what am I saying.. ..of course you don't.
game-hours: 14.8
review: Girlfriend leaves for a week. One Handed increases to 100.
game-hours: 320.5
review: The vast world of Skyrim is massive, and you will have countless hours of fun playing this, there are too many quests to count. Play it anyway you like, however you like - in Skyrim, you get to choose what happens.
game-hours: 114.5
review: What an amazing game! For all RPG fans, a must have! You can play it in your own way, no stupid locked classes. Immense world and lots of missions (and submissions) to play. Great music in landscapes, battles, etc. You got a great map to explore and many adventures. If you want other things you can simply download new-mods in the workshop! ( there are also other mods online, but keep in mind, not everything is trustable! ) Or if there aren't fun things, you can create it yourself with the ''Creation Kit''. TES:V is a really Fun game! My Metascore: 9.2 / 10.0
game-hours: 826.8
review: It is a good game
game-hours: 79.6
review: Still haven't beat any story missions...
game-hours: 126.4
review: Do you get to the cloud district very often? Ah what am I saying.. ..of course you don't.
game-hours: 1082.0
review: I am pretty late, but I have so many friends who are not playing it. Just let me say this: The fact that skyrim is my most played SINGLE player game (xfire) kinda speaks for itself.
game-hours: 190.3
review: Sjstrand e snygg
game-hours: 571.4
review: This is one of my top games, i love it, and played through it multiple times, something i don't do often. Skyrim has some amazing graphics and the modding community has even taken this further. (Assuming you have the PC for it) But it's not the graphics that make this game, it's the rich and beautiful world full of mythical creatures. While it is true that bethesda has a bit of a reputation for releasing buggy games, the modding community has set that straight with their Unofficial Skyrim Patches. If you are a fan of RPG's or series such as The lord of the rings, or Narnia, then i recommend you get this game.
game-hours: 112.8
review: why are you reading a skyrim review when you could (and should) play skyrim instead?
game-hours: 190.2
review: I love, LOVE, moist towelletes.
game-hours: 14.8
review: Girlfriend leaves for a week. One Handed increases to 100.
game-hours: 320.5
review: The vast world of Skyrim is massive, and you will have countless hours of fun playing this, there are too many quests to count. Play it anyway you like, however you like - in Skyrim, you get to choose what happens.
game-hours: 212.2
review: Worth money.
game-hours: 154.1
review: Well goodbye schoolwork and grades this game is so amazing my eyes were spilling red from my sockets from are awsome but all in all most of the time you will forget the time of the day when you play it
game-hours: 124.3
review: It took all of my personal life including, my girlfriend, my family, my jobb, my money. 10/10 bananas
game-hours: 259.8
review: Mod it until it crashes.
game-hours: 81.2
review: This game is the best game I have ever played, story and gameplay really went in to my heart and veins while exploring the land of the nords, Skyrim. As a Nordic guy I must say the whole nature and weather really feels like reality and at the same time it is just this epicness with all magics and awesome fights. I wish I could live in this world for ever. For me this game is worth way over the price it is. If you want to experience what I felt like was a true dream. Buy this game. I really wish I could experience this game over and over again for the rest of my life..
game-hours: 354.4
review: The ultimate RPG from one of the greatest developers in their field. No playthrough is the same, and the elimination of the class system means your character plays how you want them to. Just ****ing play it.
game-hours: 681.8
review: What else can I say about this game? Skyrim is expansive and with the support of user mods, it encourages the way to the played in various ways.
game-hours: 294.6
review: Playing Skyrim is like driving drunk, you never know when you're gonna crash.
game-hours: 256.9
review: 10/10 After countless hours on journeys and quests all over skyrim, i'd like to mirror my impression in this review. I had high expectations for TES:V Skyrim, and i wasn't let down by Bethesda. I bought the game at release, and i'm still playing it today, cause in my opinion its still one of the very best action-rpg's ever! So lets take a closer look why i think so! Story: The main story covers the appearance of dragons in skyrim and the role which our protagonist plays within it. As TES-usuall, the main quest can be completed within several hours. Even though its predictable, its not boring. The presentation of the happenings in skyrim is epic and fighting the main quest is fun. As usuall you do not need to follow the main quest, and can start exploring the map from the very beginning without any obstruction through not following the questline. Sidequests: A sidequest can be found around ever corner in skyrim, and as expected they cover every event you can think of. From loveletters and intrigues up to assasinations and theft. Almost everyone has a story to tell... and need your help with it, of course! Fighting: The fights in TES:V are very action-heavy, and have nothing in common with traditional roleplaying games. Simple math, the one with the bigger weapon wins most of the time. If you don't expect strategic, roundbased and profound battles, you will be very happy in skyrim. Because after all the fights are a lot of fun, and the fact that you can still chose how your character should fight - either with spells and summons or with swords and shields - makes the fights enjoyable. Characterdesign and gameplay: The character customization in TES:V is extensive as used to TES-games. You can make your character fit perferctly your preffered playstyle. The visual custimization is as wide as the playing one - lots of different armorsets, which you gather from quests, find in dungeons or craft yourself give your character a unique look. The skill perks are very deeply designed to match your preffered playstyle. You can create loads of perk combinations to design your unique character. Every playstyle you can imagine is covered by it: You want stealthing, destruction mage in heavy armor with alchemy skills and pickpocketing? - Sure! An axe wielding rogue, light armor and the ability to summon creatures and also handle a big two-handed mace? - Not a problem! The Elder Scrolls - Skyrim is a very extensive game, with a huge world to explore and countless dungeons to defent. Elder Scrolls fans, aren't even asking themselfs to buy it or not. For RPG and action fans its definitly worth a closer look. Its contains hundreds and hundreds of hours of quests and exploration, and (at least for me) never gets boring!
game-hours: 233.2
review: I killed countless dragons, saving the world. Then I was killed for stealing a fork off a table...
game-hours: 119.1
review: I got skyrimmed in skyrim , felt great
game-hours: 86.4
review: +GOOD STORY +GREAT ATMOSPHERE +DRAGONS +NUDE MODS +FUS RO DAH +CLOUD DISTRICT 10/10 WOULD BANG
game-hours: 395.2
review: Coming from someone who has never played Elder Scrolls games with the exception of Morrowind (though I didn't complete it), I was expecting this to be the same and just make me lose complete interest after a short while but turns out to be the complete opposite. Bethesda's latest Elder Scrolls game, Skyrim has really gotten me sucked in and having an interest in the franchise. The game was everything that I hoped for back in Morrowind but after its poor tutorial, confusing gameplay, and lack of direction on what to do, I gave up but ever since Skyrims release, Bethesda has addressed and improved beyond my expectations, beforehand and now. Things like the free save system, where you can save whenever you'd like, an enjoyable combat system with various kill animations, third-person mode, the improved questing journal and map tracking, settling and customizing your own house(s) or even just listening to the nordic chants of the fantastic soundtrack, these all add up to the experience. Lets start with the storyline, which is a fairly big part in an RPG. The rebel Stormcloaks, who are trying to break free from the Empire and be independant from the Imperial Legion, who are in conflict and waging war to determine who will prevail and claim Skyrim as their own. As well as having the infamous Thalmor elves have a neutral alliance with the Imperial Legion, in which nearly destroyed the Empire years ago (a scapegoat). In the middle of all this, dragons have been coming back to life without any explaination and how you need to stop it from happening as the Dragonborn or it will be the end of times with the legendary dragon, Alduin, the main antagonist of the game. While I applaud Bethesda for making such interesting and enjoyable side-storylines across the entire game, without spoilers, the main quests are somewhat disappointing, especially near the end as I felt the conclusion didn't live up to my expectations and felt underwhelmed. I didn't feel like it was a huge accomplishment which is something I really wanted at the end of this especially with Alduin leading the charge. As soon as the game starts, you're thrown right into the storyline with a very intense introduction and will eventually meet various characters along the way who you befriend to aid you along your adventures. NPCs, while they're improved, the guards may be just as generic while some of the other NPCs are unique and different in their own way (other than some shared voices). Learning about their backstory or an issue that we could help them with allows for many ways to approach this game and its interaction. This is an RPG for a reason and because of that, it's very welcome to not only talk with NPCs, but also reading various books and history about the events before AND during Skyrim. There are many things to do in this game, such as lockpicking, crafting, exploring, cooking, or just having some fun with a quest or killing random foes you meet out in the wild. Many other skills such as heavy armor for example, make you tougher and harder to beat down and reducing the weight of your armor (less weight = holding onto more items) when you wear heavy armor with various perks or sneak, which allows you to be more difficult to spot for enemies. You and also gaining various perks to say, do 6x the damage with a one-hander if you attack while sneaking. This can make encounters fun and how you want to deal with enemies throughout the game. Did I mention this game allows you to go at your own pace? Meaning you can approach a quest the way you want to and when you want to. There's no hand-holding here, you do what you want, making this game great for exploration which is hard to resist as you'll never know what you may find, be it a random encounter/event, a rare item/quest, or dungeon for even more loot. Not only that but their are no classes, so you can choose to be whatever you'd like, whether it be someone who relies on sneak and stealth to take out your enemies, the typical heavy armored warrior and fire casting wizard OR why not do a mix of either? You can dual-wield a sword with a magic spell in your off-hand rather than a shield. This lets to decide and choose on how you as the player want to play their character in a way you enjoy it the most. That being said, while the "role-playing" part is indeed fact, the combat is still not as great as many claim it to be. Yes, it has improved animations, it doesn't feel as stiff like it did previously in previous games when you say, swing your sword at the enemy and even has a kill-cam with various kill finishers (which is badass), I find it boring chopwork while watching the enemy health bar slowly get shorter and shorter, then drink potions when my own health goes low. Rinse and repeat. The finishing moves are awesome to look at and make you go: "That was brutal!" but eventually the same finishing moves occur back and forth and it gets old fairly quickly, yes, you'll unlock more the further you get into the game but their isn't a huge variety. Something I'd also like to add as well, while this game is great on its own, the true replayability and survival of this game continuing is simply the mods. The modding community has grown so much and popular with the game that many people have implemented new weapons, armor, mounts, quests, character customization, and even zones into the game. Pure console gamers have no idea what they're missing. Just seeing articles and videos doesn't do the modding community justice. It adds more depth and provides a lot more fun. What the modding community has achieved with Skyrim is downright incredible. Combat overhauls, visual enhancements, immersion mods, entirely new lands, and even UI mods can add so much to the experience. Half second loading times are a bonus. Of course, their are still small bugs/glitches that can occur but are most of the time, easily fixed with a reload. I have about more than 30 mods installed and my game is running smoothly on highest settings. At the end of the day, I feel as though, Bethesda has done an outstanding job and made me an Elder Scrolls fan where the previous games did more or less. Some factors in the previous game I did not like in Morrowind, everything here in Skyrim is so much more polished and well done, it's a lot easier to get into. Skyrim has raised the bar for all other RPGs out there and should not be ignored if you do not have this game yet. Despite the disappointing ending (in my opinion) of the main storyline, I have to say that Dawnguard and Dragonborn are much better, making the game even better since they both add quite a bit of content and storytelling to the game and fleshing out the world even more. If you're looking to getting this game, I recommend you wait for a sale on the Legendary Edition, that way, you get everything in one, and you're set to go. Oh, and you can't forget the mods, it makes the game that much better.
game-hours: 4.3
review: The Elder Scrolls series has forever been a part of me, Morrowind, Oblivion and now Skyrim -.. Words cannot describe the experiences and the accumulation of hours that I have put into the games. Skyrim nor displeases or fails to live up to the expectations. The gameplay and missions are extensive and unique and the RPG revolving around Dragons is literally amazing. The shouts and skills operating around each character makes the game even more addicting. I totally recommend this for anyone, especially Skyrim, alongside the older games and especially the newer one; the MMORPG.
game-hours: 118.2
review: IF you like rpg first/third person games and most of all free roam than skyrim is a game for you. sure the story isnt as well developed as oblivion was but the number of mods and the detail in side quests makes this game get an A+ in my books sure the graphics arent as good as the crysis series but after all the game was made in 2007. one more thing the game tends to have many bugs
game-hours: 33.8
review: When someone thinks about Skyrim, they might think of Dragons. When I think of Skyrim, I think of extreme, violent sex scenes.
game-hours: 158.8
review: very awesome game needs more dlc
game-hours: 663.8
review: Po swietnym Oblivione jeszcze lepszy Skyrim.
game-hours: 44.5
review: Killed a whole family and stole their food. Was later arrested for killing a chicken. 11/10
game-hours: 40.5
review: Much better than Elder Scrolls Online. Bestheda have screwed up with that but you can still playthrough skyrim, over and over again. The game is getting old but i highly recommend installing mods from the steam workshop. They make the experience even more fun!
game-hours: 5844.3
review: 5775 hrs on record. Need I say more. Woot.
game-hours: 76.4
review: 10/10 Amazing single player game! Hours and Hours of gameplay. simply a MUST have game!
game-hours: 107.9
review: Overall: Great fun. If you like exploring, roaming and looting, this is definately the game for you. Skyrim is a huge place, where you'll find mostly scandinavian-like countryside, but still a huge variety of ambience and style. I did not really play this for the story, it is kinda interesting, but not too deep and pretty short. The main part of the game (at least for me) is roaming, sidequests and exploring. There are quite some generic misc-quests which will send you into a dungeon you then finish and return the quest. This might get boring after a while. However it is very exciting for a lot of dungeons. The Dwemer ruins especially are awesome. But still, if you find yourself stuck with boring quests, there is the Steam-Workshop loaded with free mods and/or custom made questlines. Potential for hundreds of hours of gameplay!
game-hours: 73.9
review: This game is the very definition of sex
game-hours: 45.4
review: This game is ing  very small map no mages not much to do mabey around 4 quests 7 main story quests theres barly and dragons anywere but when they pop out you can blow in there ear and die horrible game 10/10
game-hours: 130.3
review: Best RPG Game U Should Play it
game-hours: 203.4
review: Awesome game, when you start playing it, you just can't stop.
game-hours: 114.8
review: Shot my horse in the butt with an arrow and gained a level. 10/10
game-hours: 141.3
review: In the first hour of playing the game I acidently killed a chicken then everyone in the town came to get revenge for it. 20/10
game-hours: 210.2
review: Skyrim, it seems, is a game that people buy expecting it to be the best or the worst game ever. When they plunge in, most people think it's very good, with its beautiful world, a story that's pretty good (in my opinion), and nice atmospheric music. After you plug in several buttloads of hours, though, it starts to lose its appeal, and gets repetitive. The game mechanics are all very nice, although the combat usually ends up just mindlessly hacking/spurting magic at your enemies. Playing as a sneaky thief, however, might help make it more interesting, with bows and whatnot. The story might seem kind of ehhh, but really, I just like the lore. All things considered, Skyrim is definitely a worthwhile game.
game-hours: 252.1
review: Skyrim is one of the greatest games I've ever played, and with a handful of mods it is probably the single greatest game in my modest Steam library. For me, it's all about immersion. The land of Skyrim is richly atmospheric, as many games are, but it is also organic. From the most mundane cellars to the windswept mountaintops and everything that lies between, the land of Skyrim was painstakingly crafted, with equal parts skill and love, to be a living and breathing place. Find a tavern and take a seat, and the little village lives on without you. You'll find yourself, even on second or third characters, discovering new conversations and overhearing new dialogue; you'll stumble into new random events, and forge brand new paths to the same old objectives. The very landscape, even, takes on new angles as your characters develop into different people with different direction, loyalties, and perspectives. I have never actually completed the main storyline of Skyrim. This is due not only various glitches that make missions unable to accomplish (most of these caused by conflicting mods, not the game in its original state), but also because only very rarely are you ever pressed to follow the structured storylines or sidequests. From the beginning, you can choose to join the Nords or the Imperials and see where each path takes you. You can join a number of guilds. But neutrality, or even hostility towards these parties, is completely possible and maybe even preferable after a few playthroughs. Skyrim is made even better through a number of mods. ENBs and texture enhancements, bug fixes, user created quests, companions, armor and weapons, and even entire islands to explore - there are literally thousands of mods available and in a very brief time one can accumulate hundreds and consider many of them to be absolutely must have... Many mods exist to cater to whatever your thing or niche might be. As a History and Anthropology student, I thought itd be cool if the Imperials didn't just emulate soldiers of the Roman Empire, but actually looked like them. I was part of the Historical Revival team as an artist and historical consultant  our mod, which also includes some Celtic and Eastern equipment and weaponry, received over a thousand endorsements from the Nexus community before we abandoned the project. During Holiday Sales, Skyrim is hitting the $10 mark (or possibly even lower). For the layers upon layers of entertainment this game offers, it is almost criminal to not own this game.
game-hours: 147.6
review: Skyrim... Oh my where to start... Helgan would be a great place to start seeming that's the first town you see in the game, and my oh my it's one of many, and I mean many! Skyrim is a fantastic open world, free roam game in which you create a character to help you complete the hundred, maybe even thousands of main story, and side quests! In Skyrim you play however you want to play as, be it a Mage, Archer, Warrior, even a Human Cat! You can go where you want, when you want with use of Skyrims fast travel, but if you really want, how about you just get there on foot, meet some people on the way, maybe you meet someone who needs help, maybe you meet someone who is out to kill you! It's all possible in Skyrim! Skyrim is one of my all time favourite games, when I'm bored, I play skyrim because even though I have played it for 100+ hours, I'm always finding new places, new people, new missions and more! Also Skyrim has the steam workshop and the nexus mod community behind it's back, so if you do get bored with Vanilla Skyrim, there are Thousands of downloadable quests and mods to keep you entertained for hours on end! Final rating of TES:Skyrim : 9.8/10
game-hours: 63.7
review: Skyrim is defenitely one of the best games i've ever played. The story, the awesome and big as hell open world, the way your actions have consequences, the almost infinite quests and all the awesome armor and weapons and other cool stuff you can find in this world is what makes this games almost perfect!
game-hours: 47.1
review: I killed a dragon, it died, i got soul, i powerful.
game-hours: 329.8
review: Better than Call Of Duty: Ghost.
game-hours: 96.5
review: You just need this game! Never really played an RPG before, but damn this game is cool! 20/10
game-hours: 528.0
review: BEST GAME
game-hours: 144.5
review: Worst dating sim. One mammoth tusk? Ysolda, you slet.
game-hours: 467.8
review: Amazing game!
game-hours: 76.7
review: A great archeology game, the world is massive, but the dig sites are extremely hard to find. I played for quite a while, but i could only find different types of ores. I'm really not sure how to find fossils yet. Great easter egg in the game too! Dragons! Haha Pretty funny!
game-hours: 42.5
review: Torrented it. And still bought it. Yes it's that ing good. Or I am that stupid. 9/10
game-hours: 203.4
review: Awesome game, when you start playing it, you just can't stop.
game-hours: 19.3
review: Buying this for you, Vlad, but only if you instal Macho Mann mod.
game-hours: 337.5
review: You can mod it to be naked people
game-hours: 329.8
review: Better than Call Of Duty: Ghost.
game-hours: 291.4
review: Shout at dragons and take everything .
game-hours: 111.7
review: I have no words to describe the amazing, in-depth, epic gameplay this masterpeice has to offer.
game-hours: 21.8
review: I got a few mods and now it has all the armor, weapons, and floppy weeniers as Game of Thrones. 10/10 Winter is here.
game-hours: 119.2
review: Dwarves sample alot of beer and ale, wine and goat whiskey, but Stumbles Ironbeard wanted to go beyond the mere alcohols readily available to every dwarf. He wanted to taste the fine hydroxl carbon atoms of the SKYRUM.
game-hours: 50.8
review: Amazing game With amazing story MUST HAVE
game-hours: 70.5
review: You can be Batman with a Lightsaber, your argument is invalid.
game-hours: 374.0
review: like skyrim with dragons 420/10
game-hours: 354.8
review: I killed a kid. 10/10 best game ever :3
game-hours: 184.3
review: Texture Mods, ENBs, and all sorts of other mods make an otherwise dull game with dated graphics into one of the greatest things PC gaming has to offer, next to Fallout 3 and New Vegas.
game-hours: 63.7
review: Skyrim is defenitely one of the best games i've ever played. The story, the awesome and big as hell open world, the way your actions have consequences, the almost infinite quests and all the awesome armor and weapons and other cool stuff you can find in this world is what makes this games almost perfect!
game-hours: 47.1
review: I killed a dragon, it died, i got soul, i powerful.
game-hours: 20.6
review: Totaly recommend. Lovely made, with an huge open world. 300hours + on cracked savegame. Never finished Story with my lvl 66 char... One of the best games I ever played. (Graphic mods and ENB's make it even more epic)
game-hours: 108.1
review: You don't PLAY Skyrim.You FEEL it . 10000/10 - LEGENDARY
game-hours: 68.8
review: yes
game-hours: 185.9
review: This is a great game on it's own, but by the 8 and 1, if you get this on PC and NOT install any mods you disgust me. Especially since the Steam Workshop will install them for you with no hassle at all. If you have any interest ing Fantasy Adventures games, get this, and I personally recommend you get Oblivion too.
game-hours: 966.3
review: This game is the reason modders live!!! On its own, straight out of the box - it's a good game and worth buying. Play it through in it's "vanilla" state to completion, then go get some mods and start again - brand new friggin' game!!!! The possibilities for replay are endless, mostly in thanks to the modders, but Bethesda has not been shy in handing them the tools, so they deserve some credit too. I seriously can't wait to see what they put out next, but I am just going to keep playing Skyrim until they do
game-hours: 66.6
review: 123
game-hours: 98.5
review: Sexy
game-hours: 0.2
review: it's like far cry 3 without guns
game-hours: 142.2
review: really enjoying this game, better than fallout nv
game-hours: 927.7
review: It was okay. I didn't play it much.
game-hours: 43.8
review: How to be a 50's dad Step 1: Buy the hearthfire DLC Step 2: Adopt a child from the orphanage Step 3: Drink untill your liver is on the brink of failure Step 4: Take out your fist Step 5 : Proceed to take your fist and RAM it in to your child's face Step 6: Tell your child to get a "God Damn job"even though they are probably just 6 and then call your child a  Step 7: If your child gets asked anything they have to say they "fell down the stairs" To be a 50's husband do the same exact thing execpt for steps 1, 2, 5, and 6
game-hours: 109.9
review: Like Far Cry 3, without guns.
game-hours: 318.1
review: Skyrim is known as one of the best games since it has won over 200 awards. Not a lot of people remember the original Elder Scrolls but they dont remember/know how good the original Elder Scrolls are. This comes to Skyrim, a VERY long game. If you buy the offical prime guide there is 1134 pages, no joke its real. You play as a prisioner that by luck escape from a dragon who destryoed the town ur in. The game is like a medival time scenery. You can literally do watever you want, even KILL someone for no reason but youdo get a bounty from the nearest city which is not very fun considering if theres 5 guards fighting you. Since this game is extremelly long, only like 2% from all systems actually beat this game 100% and they may have around 2,000 to 6,000 hours, yes its that dam long. So hope you enjoy this game and remember, pickpocket,kill,and rob everyone (just kidding, dont do it unless you want skill points)
game-hours: 127.1
review: Wow, I can't believe I never reviewed this game. It's good. It's a really good game.
game-hours: 26.4
review: Best money I've spent in a Steam Sale. Best offline/Singleplayer game ever. I'm Dragon Born, and I'm a ing werewolf.
game-hours: 170.9
review: All I can say is that this game is mind blowing :D 10/10
game-hours: 86.3
review: best game ever, with the AP Mod and few of the best individual standalone Female Followers *Wink* *Wink*, EVERYTHING IS POSSIBLE
game-hours: 305.1
review: ING  GAME ABSOLUTE CRAP WASTE OF 2000 OH WAIT CHUCK TESTA
game-hours: 3091.8
review: This one's a favorite of mine. A legend we all know and love...
game-hours: 233.2
review: Probably the best open-world RPG out there. Definitely one of my all-time favourite games. The replayability is superb and the modding community is highly active, which makes it easy to play the game the way you want to play it. For me the modding experience has been the greatest aspect of the game. You can easily make the game graphics look like up to date games (as long as you have a decent graphics card). The atmosphere in the game and the way the game feels alive is something that will keep amaze you throughout the game. It really feels like a living world, even though you will stumble upon bad or awkward NPC movements and behaviour (but mods can help fix this). The music and voice acting is as good as it can get. If you like RPGs there are no reasons why you shouldnt own this game already. 10/10.
game-hours: 259.8
review: I Can't Remember the main storyline all i remember are chicks with huge t*ts lightsabers and gandalf firing nukes. then it was supposed to be about dragons. Right?
game-hours: 1140.9
review: Just look at my hours. Yes I like Skyrim
game-hours: 5.2
review: It's like Skyrim with Skyrim.
game-hours: 199.2
review: Like change from ur bad cod shooter? Try this out... You will love it
game-hours: 328.3
review: I spent a bit of time in this game played around for a bit. learned some new tricks. Must say from my other TES games i have played, this is by far the most fun. I still play morrowind and Oblivion to this day. Steam is no where near the actual hours i have spent in those other games, Now as for Skyrim. would i recommend this game to anyone? Yes i would. and why would i do that. Well for starters, its mod friendly, and i do mean friendly. once you get a mod sorter to help with errors and mismatches and putting them in a proper loading order, this game becomes more than just Skyrim. it becomes a life of its own. With player created content this game could live on, and get better every year, not with the Devs help but by the Modding community. If this was a Game Dev Tycoon game, it would get that 11/10 rating. Its just that good, so good infact that i deleted my 2012 review and completely redid it. even right now, i watch youtube videos on mods to get my game to that next level. I even wiped clean my current Skyrim to get ready for a realistic game play this time around, i wanted everything fresh and clean as i piled mods on to make my game better. this will take me a couple days to get ready but once i jump in. ill be gone for a while. Some games are just so good, you go wow. whats next. all i can say is, thanks bethesda I hope Fallout 4 is as good or better than Skyrim. you got some big shoes to fill now. until then Skyrim, Morrowind, Oblivion, TESO, New Vegas, Fallout 3 will be getting a lot of my time. more so Skyrim though hehehe oh yea Buy Skyrim!!! YOU WILL NEVER REGRET IT EVER! we now bring you back to your normal programing, Arrow to the knee special
game-hours: 9.0
review: Ahh yes the elder scrolls V was a very good game for the rpg style gameplay like fallout games with customizing your character the gameplay is amazing the storyline is that your a prisoner that you could give him or her a name is up to you how u want to make your character look like. +++gameplay and graphics +++weapons and spells +++good voice acting +++soundtrack If you like a RPG game like the elder scroll this game is for you
game-hours: 503.4
review: skyrim a world filled with so much snow you're would think your on hoth
game-hours: 8.2
review: Well to start all the Elder Scroll Games are really just horrible to watch unless you have already played them and can understand them while watching. And despite the fact that the game doesn't look very action packed once you get into you are in great battles were you need to use tactics and smarts along with some skill to beat them, in the start yes all it is is run here hit him 2 times and bam he is dead, but as you reach lets say lvl 10 (maybe a half and hour of running around caves, not even) you end up having to use tactics not on your right trigger or mouse. Along with the amazing combat there are 1000's of quests which all have there own detailed back story, and there are also 4 guilds, 3 branches, and 1 main line which each have there own detailed rich and emotional back story that is as i describe it like a book, where every mission is like a cliff hanger and once you finally find a break point, it's 7 hours later and you just did like 20 quests. Then the treasures, the goal to become rich beyond everyone sucks you in where you need to steal from everyone to increase your coin purse by only 500 gold sucks you in till the point where you end up murdering a whole city for there stuff. Plus there is a huge world covered in towns and mining camps and caves that you can explore when ever you would like to filled with magical treasures and plot twists. And finally every player can create a character that they see them selves as training skills and grinding levels(which is the only game i have enjoyed grinding levels on) s you personalize your character to be the amazing hero you wish you could be.
game-hours: 129.3
review: Dragon appears in town, All the town guards, follower and I start attacking it, Shout at dragon, Hit guard accidentally with shout, All guards turn on me, Get killed by guards. 10/10
game-hours: 174.2
review: Get the game, there is no good reason why you shouldnt do. Well I lie there is one the UI is designed for a gamepad, but you can mod it to something better, and you will want to.
game-hours: 153.4
review: Gr9 B9 M9 I R9 9/9
game-hours: 338.2
review: Legendary Elder Scrolls series that made a huge investment in RPG and PC games comes with new world. Slay dragons, grow stronger, become a hero or a destroyer of the world. Big open world with beautiful landscapes and lot of places of interest. Get you sword and explore all you see.
game-hours: 271.8
review: I used to be a Bethesda dev working on Skyrim. I tried to make sleeping a meaningful mechanic, as player recover as they sleep. I also designed cool dream themed menus with deep proverbs while opposing factions may try to assassinate you while you sleep in late-game. I geniunely believed this would be very immersive, a neat break from the flow for players to think and plan their character. Todd Howard, however, was not as pleased. He calls me out during a meeting, belittles me in front of our coworkers and calls me "Dreamboy". The whole company now makes fun out of me and calls me Dreamboy. I got demoted, but I kept working. I thought about how to make the passing of in-game time more meaningful. The "Dragon Apocalypse" happens on day 50 and the Aldmeri Dominion invades on day 100. This would immerse the player in a sense of heroism and danger. When I go to the toilet after finishing these changes... Todd finds me and repeatedly punches me in the liver and solar plexus while calling my son an autistic r*tard. I got demoted to Janitor's closet now. I still tried to make the best of it and kept working hard. I made it so that NPCs from the opposing faction are hostile, and you have to sneak or disguise yourself if you want to do business in Solitude as a Stormcloak, for example. To me, this would make the game intense and real. I come home later that day and found my wife crying in the living room, and when I asked what's wrong, she said that a man approached our son at school and asked him if it's "hard to be a r*tard with a f*g dad." Although I should have stopped at this point, I felt like it was still my duty to make this game as good as possible. I wanted to include an optional "Hardcore Mode" like in New Vegas - I believed this would immerse players as it would make food and taverns meaningful. Later that night when I took out the trash, someone throws a bag over my head. I hear people laughing and making fun out of me as someone is stomping on me. Then suddenly, after taking kicks and punches for a long time, someone pulls the bag off me. I felt a wet finger pressing against my anal. I hear Todd's voice saying, "Is that hardcore enough for you, Dreamboy?" No one talks to me at work and my old friends act like I don't exist. I give this game a 7/10 because I had to install a bunch of mods to make up for all the scrapped content. It is, however, a great game to waste time in, if that's what you're looking for.
game-hours: 100.4
review: I punched a chicken and then got my  kicked by an unarmed woman
game-hours: 113.7
review: If you don't own this game I feel sorry for you
game-hours: 102.7
review: One of the best ever RPGs
game-hours: 284.4
review: HERE HAVE ALL THESE WEAPONS WHY DONT YOU LIKE ALL THESE WEAPONS HOW ABOUT SOME DRAGONS WE HAVENT GIVEN YOU ENOUGH DRAGONS YET TAKE MORE DRAGONS
game-hours: 60.5
review: BEST.ING.GAME.EVEEEEEEEER.:D
game-hours: 328.8
review: Skyrim is better than Minecraft
game-hours: 63.2
review: I am addicted. Noone can help anymore. Help. Please. 450/100
game-hours: 29.6
review: BEST GAME EVER!
game-hours: 963.9
review: I'll admit, at first when I heard of the game it didn't seem as interesting, thought it would be like the rest that claims to be epic when it's not. But over time I saw my friends play it, and when I looked it up for a voicepak project I was working on, I was wrong... the game was something I was actually expecting in a game: no ending point, full customization, the ability to fight in 1st person with any weapon, outstanding music, ability to make potions, armor, weapons and food like in MMO games, and a great storyline with many branching quests. All in Single Player! I never got the DLC yet, but I can already tell it'll make the game worth every cent it's worth! Too addicting. Even the mods make the game fun. Never gets old with a character with wings. ESPECIALLY if killed by a giant! (Flying in the air always cracks me up. XP) Screw the 10/10 rating, and even the 20/10 rating... it deserves the 50/10 rating!! Best RPG game ever on Steam!
game-hours: 332.3
review: I have over 100 hours in this game, and I have only done three quests from main story line... So many things to explore to care about main quest...
game-hours: 194.2
review: This game is good.
game-hours: 252.5
review: Really great game! another Bethesda game that i am happy with have it for xbox and when i came out i spended atleast 200 hours into the game doing everything you could look for random quest, Easter Eggs, Bugs ETC ETC ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Now to raiting Gameplay: Can be sometimes buggy AI stops attacking or it randomly goes CTD(Crash to Desktop) but overall the gameplay is amazing and i giving it a 9/10 ------------ Crafting: The crafting system is really great in this game easy to learn and so only sad part is that in oblivion the crafting system could be a bit more tricky :D which made the game a bit harder then what skyrim's crafting is 9/10 ------------ Skills and perks: This is a great feture for the role play games like this one uppgrade Heavy armor light armor one handed two handed and so can sometimes be a little bit over powered when you have 100 on something like Heavy armor... you become like a god the enemys hardly damage you :/ 8/10 ------------ Visuals: The game is very grey which is really bad in oblivion the game was more colorfull but in skyrim it's almost just grey everything citeis like whiterun is like a dead zone nothing lives there or anything :( 4/10 ------------ Modding: This is probably the best thing in this game... MODDING allows you to mod the crap out of your game and make it look like a new game just with the new engine Bethesda is using i'm mostly using Visuals mod in the moment but i'm soon moving over to cities to make them have more life 10/10 ------------ Overall the game is really great and with mods you can have alot of fun in this game there is like TONS of things in this game but i can't say everything :D play it to get your own feeling of the game. Then post your recomendation :D RATING: 40/100
game-hours: 30.0
review: The Elder Scrolls V Skyrim is an open world role-playing game developed by Bethesda Game Studios and published by Bethesda Softworks in 2011 The game takes place in the Nordic lands of Skyrim where the character must defeat the legendary dragon Alduin who according to prophecy will devour the world. The player can also become part of the Imperial Legion or the Layers of the Storm, parties that are under civil war. This game has several different stories going on at once in a huge world. Skyrim allows more than 100 hours of gameplay doing different things. It has a great replay value and looks very good for a RPG. Also it has lots of mods. The game is not linear, the player can explore the vast world choosing to meet goals . You can also get mates who attend to fight with you and deal with several creatures of nature that get in your way and the dragons that Alduin revive . The graphics engine called Creation Engine improved graphics and interface level when compared with Elders Scrolls IV Oblivion. It is a game that even those who enjoy other genres find more entertaining. Skyrim takes us into a different world, like when you watch " The Lord of the Rings ". The combat system is also improved compared to other Bethesda games like the excelent Fallout 3. Skyrim sold over seven million copies in its first week and was the best RPG of 2011 . The game was released for PC , PS3 and XBOX 360. Although the minimum requirements are lower, a Quad Core PC processor , 4GB of RAM and a powerful graphics card with 1GB of video ram is recommended. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ESPAOL ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim es un videojuego de rol de mundo abierto desarrollado por Bethesda Game Studios y publicado por Bethesda Softworks en 2011 El juego tiene lugar en las tierras nrdicas de Skyrim donde el personaje debe derrotar al legendario dragn Alduin quien segn la profeca devorar al mundo. El jugador adems puede convertirse a la legin Imperial o a los Capas de la Tormenta que estn en guerra civil. De esta forma el juego posee varias historias diferentes que ocurren al mismo tiempo en un mundo enorme a disposicin del jugador. El juego permite jugar tranquilamente 100 horas haciendo cosas diferentes. Tiene una gran rejugabilidad. El juego no es lineal, el jugador puede recorrer el extenso mundo eligiendo que metas cumplir. Adems puede conseguir acompaantes que lo asistan. Tambin puede enfrentarse a los seres de la naturaleza que se encuentren en su camino y a los dragones que Alduin revive. El motor grfico llamado Creation Engine mejor el nivel grfico y la interfaz si lo comparamos con el Oblivion. Es un juego que hasta los que disfrutan ms de otros gneros encontrarn entretenido. Skyrim nos sumerge en un mundo distinto, como cuando uno mira "El seor de los anillos". El sistema de combate tambin est mejorado con respecto a otros juegos de Bethesda como el excelente Fallout 3. Vendi mas de siete millones de copias en su primera semana y fue el mejor juego de rol del 2011. El juego se lanz para PC, PS3 y XBOX 360. Aunque los requisitos mnimos son mas bajos, en PC se recomienda un procesador Quad Core , 4GB de RAM y una tarjeta grfica poderosa con 1 GB de ram de video.
game-hours: 4.5
review: SOOO GOOOD FOR EXPLORING :)
game-hours: 381.8
review: Love it! :3
game-hours: 18.6
review: Doge would think this game is cool. 11/10
game-hours: 156.0
review: You know, while listening to the complete soundtrack of Skyrim, I just realized how epic, amazing, beautiful and awesome this game is. One of the greatest games ever created, for sure. We have to thank Bethesda every single for this amazing piece of art and entretainment. If you wanna have a great time and walk through one of the most beautiful places of game history, just buy Skyrim and note this: add some modes to it, you'll not regret.
game-hours: 776.0
review: Got killed by wolves...... 10/10 would die again
game-hours: 291.8
review: Very good game, 10x better with all DLC's.
game-hours: 11.7
review: If this game was a potato, it would be a good potato
game-hours: 41.9
review: "Social life", now that's a thing I haven't heard of in a long time. My reaction when I played skyrim was not "it's cool" or " it's good". My reaction was: "OH MY GOSH THIS GAME IS EFFIN AWESOME, GOODBYE SOCIAL LIFE, OH LOOK, MODS! GOODBYE LIFE, GOODBYE FAMILY, HELLO DRAGONS, HELLO WEIRD MODS THAT I DON'T EVEN NEED, AND HELLO MAGIC!!!" Now, you may think that I'm overreacting, or just typing stupid random things. If you think so, you have never played skyrim. Just buy this game, it's worth it.
game-hours: 394.9
review: Godly. Glorious. Majestic. Perfection. Merged together all in one.
game-hours: 628.7
review: Does this game really need a recommendation? You must play it.
game-hours: 23.4
review: So good I don't even own the game and I can write a review.
game-hours: 628.7
review: Does this game really need a recommendation? You must play it.
game-hours: 145.9
review: If you don't have Skyrim then get out from under your rock and play this.
game-hours: 155.4
review: Sex position simulator with dragon toys and magic. 8/10
game-hours: 394.9
review: Godly. Glorious. Majestic. Perfection. Merged together all in one.
game-hours: 33.6
review: Just buy it! End of review.
game-hours: 14.0
review: Great game! 0/10!
game-hours: 335.4
review: Perfect for action, a very good game that has astonishing adventure, Dragons, Draugr, and entertainment all in one.
game-hours: 140.4
review: Only 3 words can describe this game: FUS RO DAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
game-hours: 16.0
review: Man,This game man..is ...well..INCREDIBLE AND AMAZING,This game here is Just..Worth buying and playing!,The Enviormenthe Quest the items the Story.9/10 why 9/10? why not 10/10,Well because what i sometime dont like is that When you Kill a king he wont die..no matter what you do..And..THE Mods is just Incredible! HIGHLY RECOMENDATION! Good job Bethesda!
game-hours: 78.5
review: A wonderful game and a true testament to the Elder Scrolls Series. Not as big as my beloved Daggerfall or Arena, but complete immersion into the environment is still possible. An easy to use skill system (though I do miss the in-depth ones of old) and a great character generation system make the game easy to play your way. Above all I love the customizability of the game itself, leaving it to the end-user to shape the game as they see fit. A great and immersive set of stories to go through, with DLC expanding it to many hours of enjoyable fun. This is by far one of the greatest games that I have ever played, and continue to play!
game-hours: 554.4
review: This game is excellent. In my eyes this game is a Masterpiece. If you are the last five people who does not own this game i must say this: You MUST buy it, because it is worth every cent.
game-hours: 511.5
review: Skyrim is one of those games you could play constantly for weeks, or even months and it's still fun. Then even after you get bored of it you can return months later, start a new adventure and have just as much fun as last time, if not more. Throw mods on top of it, the game just gets even better. The open world exploration is fantastic and there is always something new to discover, it's truly an adventure game and I recommend it for anyone who likes fantasy games and open world games.
game-hours: 28.1
review: BEST GAME EVERRRRRRRRR
game-hours: 35.1
review: 10/10 with mods, especially immersion mods, however even without mods this game is excellent.
game-hours: 97.0
review: Simply incredible. And there are tons of mods that allow you to enjoy the game again even when you were getting bored of it.
game-hours: 86.9
review: An amazing game with an awesome story/stories. There's so much to do that you can easily put 150+ hours in without touching the main plots.
game-hours: 60.4
review: mod
game-hours: 224.4
review: Stop reading my recommendation and go buy the game already!
game-hours: 213.1
review: Ok. My second review. Skyrim. Thats all I need to say. Bought it in England and started and I could'nt get enough of it. I searched every nook and cranny for items and crafted items such as the Daedric armours. The diversity of the 9 holds and the annoying meme make this game really great. And then enemies. With a good enough battle plan you can kill without even being suspected or even just run in and slash them up or crush their skulls. Oooooooo. The shouts. Holy . Those shouts. FUS RO DAH!!! I loved the shouts. My favourite is the dragon aspect or the cyclone shout, and I'm not saying the unrelenting force because cyclone flings them further and high in the air and dragon aspect because, 1. you look ing badass and 2. because when your health reaches around 1/3 there is a chance for an ancient dragon borns spirit to appear to help you out. Not only does it have great power, it will shout. Say what you want about this game but it will always have a place in my games library. Plus the modding allows more fun such as the whiterun camp attached to the wall is great for a beggining player that needs a good place to store their new and inventory filling items such as foods and weapons in special specific and overall very usefull chests. I rate this 100/100. (Nord accent)"I used to be an adventurer like you, then it ook an arrow to the..." (Me)"FUS RO DAH!!!" (Nord accent)"No lollygagging" (Me)"I'm at the in' shop. Leave me ALONE!!! Jeez." (Nord accent) stop shouting. You're shouting is, making people nervous." (Me)"Well  this *Stabs the guard shouts his body*. Well now that that has been taken care of, i can finally...OH !!! *Gets tackled by commander Caius* (Caius)"You're under arrest* (Me)"Ah crap"
game-hours: 174.6
review: Absolutly Fantastic, This is a exemple to all other developers that modding sells copies and increases the quality of your game in a huge way.
game-hours: 257.2
review: I cannot recommend this enough, this game is amazing. If you are willing to put some time into this you won't regret it.
game-hours: 314.9
review: you can be a lizard
game-hours: 89.8
review: "Fus ro DRaah, is, sometime dangerous for people on a wagon. Please give me my brow, i need to catch a.. drangon" That is a poem by Undrif Dangrul. Hi my name is Dr.Steve Brule, can you tell? How do you catch a animal? Why dont you just keep reading you Dungul! People of all over the earth has played Skryrim, thats a lot! i went to my compruter to try if for my self. Lets check it out. You can yell and fight and talk in the game, but who cares?. I know all of the shouting in all of the world called Skryrim... told you! Only cool guys like me can fight as good as me in the game. The game looks good, its not that bad anyway. 10/10 For your helath.
game-hours: 105.0
review: Totally recommend! One of the best games ever! :D
game-hours: 113.8
review: Had it console, got bored after 300 hours, got it on PC now I have an infinite time waster due to mods, this game's gunna ruin my life...
game-hours: 29.7
review: This game is like another world. The atmosphere is perfect, combat flawless, and graphics astonishing. Along with workshop addons it doesn't get much better than this.
game-hours: 153.3
review: Skyrim is one of the best gaming experiences of this generation, if only for the amazing array of mods that have been produced for it. Do yourself a favor; take the time to mod this game, you won't regret it.
game-hours: 102.6
review: Clearly one of my favorite games :D
game-hours: 226.4
review: Hoard massive amounts of cabbage. 10/10 would buy again
game-hours: 38.9
review: ruined my non existent life. but i love it lewl
game-hours: 899.5
review: The way it is with all Bethseda Games: Beautiful world, great setting, short main storyline, interesting side story, many many sidequests, much to see and much to do - the other side of the coin? Bugs - bugs everywhere. Glitchin through objects and gettin stuck - NPC's glitchin around, quests not starting, some quests become stuck and can't be completed, random CTD's and so on - thanks to the Community, there are Unofficial Patches for the game and the DLC's and boy, they are needed - Bestheda, one question - What would you do, without the Community that loves your games? Let me answer that question for you - You would be out of business in 6 months. And for the enhanced game experience, go get yourself a lot of mods. But be careful of the random CTD's.
game-hours: 597.8
review: Now I have a girl playing Skyrim with me. I love her, I love myself and I love Skyrim. We'll both be adventurers.
game-hours: 92.5
review: A game with literally no end! Even after almost 3 years People still play it like it came out yesterday. 10/10
game-hours: 144.1
review: FUS RO DAH!!!
game-hours: 56.2
review: Much Gud. Very Not Suck. Such Reccomendation. Bui tis gem.
game-hours: 332.4
review: More fun than a barrel of... anything really.
game-hours: 304.2
review: it was ok
game-hours: 273.4
review: Addictive, engaging, a depth that will rarely be rivaled. Skyrim delivers a journey unlike most found in modern RPGs, an ability to go where you want, when you want, and more importantly *how* you want. With modding at the forefront of the game, it retains a freshness that stays long after others have fallen by the wayside. Spend time with Skyrim, and you'll find out what everyone else has so far: there's not enough time for both Skyrim and other responsibilities. But those other responsibilities can wait a few more minutes.
game-hours: 391.6
review: N1
game-hours: 607.4
review: One Epic game must buy. Why? -Fun with / without MODs -Lores are always surprices -Random Questions often intriguing, mostly happen during daily routine/ on the way to a dungeon / keep / dwemer ruins / caves -Dragons just awesome. -Even after World Eater defeated - there're still much more to be explored! -Definitely a worthy one for Achievement Hunters - like myself as one.
game-hours: 14.9
review: My wife and I have poured hundreds of hours into this game. 10/10
game-hours: 364.3
review: There are mods that give you amazing boobs! 5/5 Stars
game-hours: 4.6
review: Played this game till I encountered the massive spiders, only  once. 10/10
game-hours: 220.0
review: Every Elder Scrolls game enthralls me even more than the last, and this one is, by far, definitely no exception. A vast open world is ready to be explored... up for the challenge? Those pesky dragons won't hunt themselves! 9.5/10
game-hours: 186.1
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is by far my favourite game ever. The graphics, the gameplay, the storyline.... even the sidequests! Everything is just mind-blowing. I've played this game multiple times and I did notice some bugs (people talking or moving weird) but nothing game-breaking. If you have the feeling that Skyrim is missing something, you can always check the Steam Workshop for mods, there are a lot of them! If you haven't bought this game yet, do it now and immerse yourself into te wonderful province of Skyrim! The DLC's (Dawnguard, Dragonborn and Heartfire) are also very good. Dawnguard and Dragonborn add a lot of content with two locations even more jaw-dropping than Blackreach and Hearthfire gives you the possibility to start a family and build your own house. This house is customizable. The downside to Hearthfire is that the houses you've built aren't customizable enough. For example: If you wish to build an armory you choose armory and start building. When you are inside your house you can furnish it by selecting what item you want. It doesn't give you the ability to move your furniture the way you like. In short: Good: - Awesome game. - Graphics are amazing. - Storyline and sidequests are compelling and interesting. - DLC's add a lot of content so it's worth buying them. - Lots of mods in the workshop to enhance the game. Bad: - Some minor bugs - Hearthfire house not customizable enough.
game-hours: 641.2
review: Considering the fact that i have over six hundred hours on this game I would have reason to believe i have experienced everything this game has to offer, that is complete BS. The community creats mods and texture packs for this game ever expanding the games content. Even though the game might seem easy afer a while mod packs like Skyrim Redone and ACE adds a level of difficulty that hardcore gamers will appreciate. So all in all this is a game that is well worth the price.
game-hours: 1.4
review: My personal game of 2011 - An absolute blissful experience, now I can experience it on PC with a plethora of mods. I even wrote a few words about it once upon a time... just google: half hearted gamer a tale about a fox
game-hours: 247.6
review: Skyrim is a great game with excellent graphics and story mode, despite all of its wonderful glitches it is still a very easy and smooth game to roleplay.
game-hours: 193.9
review: this game is so addictive if playing with mods!!! mod make me wanna play again,again and again. many mod that will make this game perfect!! maybe best game forever for me
game-hours: 153.7
review: This Is Absolutely The BEST Fantasy game I've ever played!
game-hours: 144.1
review: FUS RO DAH!!!
game-hours: 56.2
review: Much Gud. Very Not Suck. Such Reccomendation. Bui tis gem.
game-hours: 103.5
review: <3
game-hours: 51.1
review: I have enjoyed this game for years on console, only to be blow away by the community support and mods this game supports. A purchase I wont regret.
game-hours: 170.4
review: Man is it atmospheric! Keep your eye on the clock, because the hours will slip away. My only qualms in an otherwise incredible game: - Can get repetitive as most interiors are generally the same just rearranged - Little variation in voice dialogue. - The difficulty settings handicap the player rather than make the AI more skillful or strategic. Would have loved: - Greater ability to change the story/gameplay based on the decisions you make/don't make. Icing on the cake: - The Score. It's become one of my all time favourite sountracks. 8/10
game-hours: 91.3
review: It's nip twistin
game-hours: 75.9
review: It's Skyrim. Just go buy it.
game-hours: 13.5
review: Skyrim is the 5th installment in the Elder Scrolls series. I've played it on console and it is smooth and has very few bugs. The PC version is basically an expansion pack; you can download mods and have hilarious battle with a My Little Ponie Avatar against Thomas the Tank Engine! BUY THIS GAME!!!!
game-hours: 513.3
review: Being a fan of Bethesda games like fallout, and etc. I saw Skyrim instore and decided to give it a go, not having prior knowledge of previous elder scrolls game i jumped in the metaphorical deep end that was Elder scrolls Lore. I was greeted with a carriage ride towards certain death by Imperial dogs and then saved by the Antagonist of the series as he appeared in the nick of time before my head was about to get a swift decapitation. That my friends...As an intro for a video game is one i can respect, having the Antagonist save you and have your Decision to either follow a Stormcloak or an Imperial immediately challenged is really intresting to see how the game can piece it all together. As i said before i had no prior knowledge of Elder scrolls lore so as i played through the game reading the hundreds of books I learnt more about the lore and who i was. The Game itself had really beautiful visuals, the characters don't stare at you anymore like you have a piece of sweetroll left on your mouth and the background moves freely as you speek to NPC's. The story itself keeps you immersed in the world and has you on edge. The DLC's further increase the story with extra weapons, Dragon Shouts, enemies, lands and BLAH BLAH and you learn that Skyrim is just a baby considering the huge land of Tamriel. Long story short Skyrim has a really awesome plot and can keep you addicted for hours, learning all the mechanics of the game, even installing thousands of mods like weapons, armor or Skimpy armor for the female characters (If thats the way you play) or even a magic spell that turns people into chickens is Pardon my french F**ken awesome. The game can get very stale and boring if you play it too much, but the dlc's and mods help to keep the game fresh
game-hours: 51.1
review: I have enjoyed this game for years on console, only to be blow away by the community support and mods this game supports. A purchase I wont regret.
game-hours: 170.4
review: Man is it atmospheric! Keep your eye on the clock, because the hours will slip away. My only qualms in an otherwise incredible game: - Can get repetitive as most interiors are generally the same just rearranged - Little variation in voice dialogue. - The difficulty settings handicap the player rather than make the AI more skillful or strategic. Would have loved: - Greater ability to change the story/gameplay based on the decisions you make/don't make. Icing on the cake: - The Score. It's become one of my all time favourite sountracks. 8/10
game-hours: 76.3
review: Skeerim. Da numbah 1 RPG post 2010 of all post 2010 teim. Morrowpoop was better Oblividerp was different Daggerwaytobigofamap was different and better Arena stunk. if ya want a gud RPG, go get The Quest - [And its all 15 additional content thingez] on da mobile. is gud. Skyrim is derpy. The shadows are terribad. The voices are repetetive. The detail up close is horride w/o mods. the trees are ugly w/o mods. the water is absolutly ugggly, and more so at long range cuz it starts 2 flow in 2 different directions bcuz of how they optimized it and its gross. the modding community consists of 3 types of catagories. 1 derp 2 an actually kind of gr8 mod 3 nude mods Yet, this game is beautiful. Go bei it, mod it out, run it at ultra, and take a hike up a mountain. Yeah, i beat its boring main quest. but what do i do now? well i accidentally deleted my save for my main quest completeted character. so now i make my character a god with the console and look at pretty stuff. yus is fun. go get yus
game-hours: 319.2
review: Enjoyed this game way too much!
game-hours: 51.0
review: Dont get me wrong, Skyrim is GREAT, An epic RPG fantasy game. But i gotta say, im a huge fan of the elder scroll series, and this one just dont give me that elder scrolls feeling, I can surely tell there's a good amount of people who played this and never even heard of oblivion. Go play oblivion and then go back to this and you will know what you've missed. Good game, but NOTHINIG compared to oblivion, or morrowind! Still a great game. 8/10
game-hours: 163.0
review: Probably one of the greatest rpg games you will play. Get it because of this and also because workshop and nexus
game-hours: 98.7
review: This is a game that I always seem to be able to get back into after years of playing. After making the switch from console to PC, it was one of the first games I wanted to buy again. It has great replay value. Though it is a little buggy from time to time, the glitches often just make me laugh and are easily fixable if they get in the way of gameplay (with the use of some commands). I can waste hours just messing around or actually play the game seriously, and that it the beauty of most open-world games. Overall a great game.
game-hours: 65.8
review: No one should have to convince you to get Skyrim, you should already have Skyrim.
game-hours: 202.5
review: Best game ever for RPG
game-hours: 27.5
review: Awesome game, love it.
game-hours: 172.9
review: just do it.
game-hours: 469.4
review: What more is there to say? It's Skyrim. Games like this come along only once in a long, long while. Games so vast in scale, so magnificent in their feel, so awe-inspiringly amazing that they define a generation of games, that they revolutionize the way we make, see and play games. This is one of those. One of those games that will be remembered decades from now, recognized and heralded as a true masterpiece of gaming that paved the way and set the bar for all games after it. It's a game that is simply breathtaking. As soon as you enter it feels like an entire world has been wrapped around you. A whole world for you to explore, however you want and whatever path you choose to do so down. Get this game, because no other game will ever match Skyrim for a long, long time.
game-hours: 227.4
review: Fus Ro Da! This is the best game i have ever played! Thousands of times better than any large scale MMORPG such as World of Warcraft...The only thing this game is missing is a multiplayer system and this game is a perfect unbeatable one! Hopefully when The Elder Scrolls Online comes out...My hopes will come true...
game-hours: 156.0
review: Awesome game!
game-hours: 218.3
review: Cheese!
game-hours: 1137.1
review: Decent game, but the PC version isn't without console-ridden features that annoy mouse/keyboard users like myself. Hopefully a modder will address this issue. Skyrim in no way threatens Morrowind goty as my all-time favorite Elder Scrolls game. There is some fun to be had in Skyrim but be warned it's very streamlined and built for the masses instead of niche open world RPG lovers specifically. The price at $60 is a bit steep but you can get many hours out of this game, despite bugs and streamlining, and numerous annoying console-esque run-ins with the interface/menu.
game-hours: 693.2
review: Thanks to the modding community, I'm nowhere close to being tired of this game.
game-hours: 49.0
review: Refusing to stop, the Elder Scrolls franchise's newest entry, Skyrim, goes down kicking till the very end. Admist civil war, the eater of worlds, or 'a bad- dragon' decides to come back to add to the turmoil, and why not? It would seem that the time is ripe for dragons to come and gourge on the souls of our world. However, as luck would have it, there is (as in all fantasies) one person who can stand in the dragons' way. Watch out Keanu Reeves because a new chosen one is in town, get ready to hack, slash, burn, freeze, stun, scare, eat, stab, punch, shoot, throw, shout, claw, jump, and fling your way to victory past racist guards, foolish bards, crappy elves, drunken nords, or legendary monsters of epic proportions. Hoprfully you do not have a girlfriend or 8-5 job, because if you do, you will not have the time to "one-hundred percent" this game. I mean, have you seen the hit short film "Dragonbored"? Some amount of stars that amounts to 5.
game-hours: 164.5
review: What more needs to be said. It's Elder Scrolls.
game-hours: 440.9
review: A really Amazing game! :D
game-hours: 35.1
review: Amazing action-packed game, really recommend this game. Though I have only played 33 hrs on the PC, I have played more on consoles. Five stars. :)
game-hours: 153.7
review: This Is Absolutely The BEST Fantasy game I've ever played!
game-hours: 22.8
review: Best game ever 10/10
game-hours: 184.8
review: I got to have sex with a little bunny after killing it several times and after resurrecting it, and killed it again
game-hours: 105.7
review: Skyrim is the rpg you have allways wanted. No class systom, just make your own play style. Fun and awesome quest. Be a badass Dovakin dragon slayer.
game-hours: 51.8
review: Possibly the best game I've ever played, second to none. The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is without a doubt one of if not the best open-world role playing games of this generation. Endless replayability, an unsurpassable amount of mods, a unique experience and countless hours to waste away enjoying the immersion this game has to offer. Bethesda truely excelled previous Elder Scroll games with this release. The Pros; > Open-world, beautifuly designed. > Detailed Character creation and Arcehtype building. > 300+ hours of playable content. > Extremely Lore based. > Truely immersive storyline. > Excellent Audio. > Well designed game mechanics including combat, leveling, perks. > Vast array of Weaponry, Armor, Spells, Potions and much much more. > Mass amounts of mods, ranging from graphic, gameplay, item, house, and character mods. > A substantial amount of enemies ranging from dragons, bandits, draugrs, thieves to vampires. The Cons; > Voice Acting is repetitive. One several occasions you will notice NPC's voiced by the same actor with the same voice. > Replayability is much lower without the use of mods. > Some areas of the large open-world seem reused. There seems to be little variation to open world textures and dungeons. > Questing can sometimes seem repetitive. Go to X, get Y item, return to Z. To finish this up I've put over 500 hours into Skyrim across three systems (Xbox, PS3 and now the PC), I've never felt as immersed into a games storyline, open-world and lore - it is truely a different experience to any other open-world RPG. The Character Creation and Arcehtype building is perfect for this type of role playing game. Want to play through the game from a stealth approach, done. Want to tank more damage than a German Panzer in WW2, done. Want to fire, frost and electrify your way through every bandit camp and dungeon in the vicinity, done.There is literally no limit, don't want to stick to a specific arcetype? Done, Jack of All Trades. With 10 playable races, you're able to customize your character to your own liking and fight the way you believe you should. With 18 skills ranging from Archery, Lockpicking, Two-handed, Destruction, Restoration, Smithing and many in between there's plenty of variety. Leveling never feels monotonous, level at your own pace or powerlevel before you've even started the main quest. Play the game your way. With over 270 quests, including the main quest, side quests and sub quests, there's never a dull moment. You'll be lucky to even finish half of them before you take an arrow to the knee. I could not recommend this game more highly. If you even have the slighest interest in RPG's or open-world games take the plunge and pick this game up.
game-hours: 710.8
review: 3 Words Fun As Hell
game-hours: 13.9
review: Mod it until it breaks.
game-hours: 354.4
review: Within an hour of starting Skyrim, I'd decided this was the pinnacle of the Elder Scrolls series; 144 hours in, I'm not so sure anymore. There are diminishing returns in the game as the quests become sparse and your character becomes an unkillable god that can strike enemies down with a single blow. Morrowind for all its flaws felt so much larger and more open somehow. Maybe I'm just older or maybe all the locations and journal entries and achievements aren't quite the same as being forced to roam a giant world and make your way with no knowledge of what was to come or what was left. Regardless, it's still one of the greatest games of all-time and I don't think anyone will consider their time wasted after they wander the hills and mountains of Skyrim.
game-hours: 35.3
review: I recommend this game.
game-hours: 3.4
review: an amazing game that everyone should get :)
game-hours: 647.2
review: gr8 game m8 8/8 so gr8 dont w8 this gam 8nt no 8 so f8
game-hours: 70.1
review: This is an awesome game, lots to do and so much many hours of enjoyment. Dragon fighting is the best and crafting your armor when you get the materials is equally fun. If you picked this up durring any of the Steam sales you won't be disapointed. This game is worth the money and time.
game-hours: 85.6
review: Puting mods on this game make it even awesomer to play.
game-hours: 35.2
review: This is one of the best RPG games i've ever played. 9/10
game-hours: 245.4
review: Bethesda has outdone themselves yet again with Skyrim. Perfecting the open world genre and building upon their previous games, Skyrim is a perfect open world fantasy action-RPG. There are a limitless amount of side quests and a plethora of primary quests and guild missions. This game will keep you busy for at least 100s of hours, maybe more depending on your play style. The game supports multiple play types and character classes and is one of the few RPGs to allow you to multi-class. This game is completely worth the list price and in my opinion, is the best fantasy game on the market today.
game-hours: 314.6
review: 99/100 ,Best of the Best. Let the Modding Begin!
game-hours: 607.5
review: I played this game for almost 500 hours.
game-hours: 216.5
review: -Fallout   :,   (),     ,      .   .
game-hours: 36.0
review: do you know what you can do with workshop things in this game it's just amazing
game-hours: 999.5
review: Brothers and sisters are like natural enemies, like Imperials and Nords or Bretons and Nords or Argonians and Nords or Nords and other Nords! Damn Nords! They ruined Skyrim!
game-hours: 26.1
review: Ran my horse into a dragon, died about 2 seconds later. Still trying to get better armour than iron. 11/10
game-hours: 521.5
review: After helping return an item to someone, you can put a kettle over their head and take the item back, despite this, they still thank you for returning said item as if you never took it. 10/10
game-hours: 125.0
review: GREAT GAME! I don't understand why you have not bought this yet...
game-hours: 169.1
review: the point at which I screamed at my computer " OFF DRAGON I AM TRYING TO PICK FLOWERS," was the point at which I realised this was the best game ever.
game-hours: 121.5
review: I yelled at a cow and it died, then punched a chicken and suddenly the entire town was trying to kill me, later I rode a horse off a cliff, killing the horse and I thought myself too until I stood up and brushed the dirt from my pants. After that, I punched a moose in the balls and it died, so that was a thing. Then I fought a dragon that tokyo-drifted into the side of a cliff. Afterward, I shouted at a goat and it fell down the mountain like something out of goat simulator. All in all, 12/10 would dickpunch livestock again.
game-hours: 84.1
review: I rode a horse up a 90 degree angel. I tried to marry a vampire. I joined a cult. I did drugs. I've killed countless people. Buy the game.
game-hours: 233.6
review: Spawned in a lot of lockpicks and gold while in the middle of the room... got stuck in the room. Best game ever!!
game-hours: 226.6
review: The Elder Scrolls V Skyrim legt grafisch und spiel technisch einiges drauf als sein Vorgnger Oblivion. Wer sich gerne lange in ein Spiel verbeist wird viel Spa an Skyrim haben denn es ist nicht verpflichtent sofort alle Hauptquests zu erledigen, im gegenteil der Spieler hat die Freiheit zu whlen ob Haupt- oder Nebenaufgaben. Dazu ist Skyrim auch ein Open World Spiel. Dawnguard: Erste Erweiterung bringt den Skillbaum fr den Werwolf wie auch fr den Vampirmeister. Man whlt eine Seite (Gegen oder fr die Vampire) und zieht dem entsprechend los. Eine lohnesweter Erweiterung. Heartfire: Wer gerne Sims spielt oder Huser baut wird sich hier wohl finden. Es kommen neue Vorkommen und neue Gegenstnde vor. Man kann sich ein Grundstck kaufen, ein Haus bauen und dieses dan verdeitigen gegen Gegner. Eine nette gnstige Erweiterung fr jeden der etwas neues mchte. Dragonborn: Man geht auf eine Insel in Morrowide ... und was bekommt man? Richtig, viele neue Gegner, neue Rstungen/Waffen und viel neues in Skyrim. Auch die Storyline in dieser Erweiterung ist fesselnd! Alles im ganzen ist Skyrim ohne Erweiterungen ein groes fesselndes und grandioses Spiel, mit Erweiterungen noch grer,grandioser und fesselnder als zuvor.
game-hours: 59.7
review: very guud game this is, yes buy u 2 vill :3
game-hours: 500.8
review: Gr8 Game
game-hours: 124.7
review: good game lots of fun cant wait for elder scrolls online
game-hours: 303.6
review: 10/10 The game that should be owned by every steam user. Bought it for 5 dollars, best decision of the year. What's more is, you can mod the hell out of this game, just like every Elder Scrolls game before this.
game-hours: 87.0
review: very fun open world rpg tons of quests! you will have so much fun playing time will just fly by with all mods out on the workshop and skyrim nexus you can change so much you will never get bored ;)
game-hours: 350.6
review: The Elder Scrolss V: Skyrim......oh boy....This here ladies and gents, is the game you buy and play if you want to lock yourself up in a room for 267 hours worth of you life dedicated to doing all the crap in this fantasticly fantasmic world of Elves and Orcs and intelligent walking dinosaurs. Skyrim is big. REALLY...big. And that's not just accounting for the world map I'm talking about the quests, weapons, skills, MODS (very important btw. Once you use mods you can never go back to vanilla skyrim again.), and pretty much everything the game has to offer is downright amazing. But I do have a few nickpicks. Don't get me wrong though reader of my little review here, Skyrim is my favorite in the series of The Elder Scrolls, but that might be because it's the only ES I have ever played in my life O_o anyway, the game does suffer from some things here and there. The modloader is great in all, but the MAJOR problem I have with it is that it doesn't tell you what mods are conflicting or not, so you'll be playing the game and it just closes for no reason. If there's a setting that you can adjust so you can see the conflicting mods then plz send me a PM and regard my last statement as irrelevent. Skyrim also suffers from an extreme amount of what I like to call "Grey effect." What does this mean? It means Skyrim looks very bland and washed out. Nothing really stands out unless you use mods like Increased saturation boost or Increased contrast boost and other types of shader mods. Another thing I have a nick pick with is that fact that at the end of the game, the cool armor you once wore like Nightingale, Shroud armor, Thiefs guild, etc. become incredibly inferior to the dragon versions. IMHO I really don't like the look of the dragon armors. They give myself of a sense of character. It makes my interesting dragonborn not so interesting. The last topic I have to cover is mages. I...HATE....MAGES.......Pretty much one hit kills once you reach level 28 and above if you don't have like level 80 enchanting so you can have resistances. They are broken. And the player version of a mage is just not worth it. It's just not worth it. But it does add a bit of challenge fun here and there. That's my review! Hope you enjoyed it! I definitley recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of open world games and RPG's. Peace-
game-hours: 35.3
review: I recommend this game.
game-hours: 268.6
review: THIS GAME IS AMAZING! So much freedom to do whatever! A must own!
game-hours: 596.1
review: There's not a game I'd rather play until I die than Skyrim... It's simply glorious
game-hours: 434.1
review: It's Skyrim. Why wouldn't you get it?!? You can make it into whatever game you want with mods. The only reason not to get it is if you do not have some free time to spend in Tamriel, cause you will be there a while.
game-hours: 111.6
review: How does one review a game that never ends? Gameplay wise, the game is tightly designed, and very effective. but it is not perfect. The plotlines are hit or miss. There are some real gems in characters here. You have the Jarls, each of which is well developed. The guild heads are just as well(if not better.) However some characters are simply dull or annoying. by the aforementioned information, you may think this a mediocre RPG. oh, you could not be more wrong. When you enter the game, you enter a new world. This game is truly an accomplishment in Open-World storytelling. the different reigons of the Province all feel different, from Swampy Hjallmarch to the colorful forests of the reach. The game presents you with an intersting world to explore, with interesting dynamics with regards to the Imperial-leaning western reigon and the Nordic-Leaning Eastern reigon. to give you an example, we can look at whiterun, the center of the game's action in it's main questline. you have a king who can't decide which side of a war to join, but who wants to do right by his people, you have an aspiring shopkeeper, a landowner who needs an axe to the skull, a shopkeeper who only wants to care for her daughter, two brothers running a Tavern and a shop, a healer, a evangelical preacher of an illegal religon, a smith who wants to prove herself, and others. These characters have personality. It is a step up from Oblivion's inconsequential NPCs. The game looks great, and has its own artistic style which works well. As other reviewers have said, the open world is perfectly crafted, down to the troll who killed your horse. It is not a perfect game, the civil war and dragon questlines are lackluster, and the magic system is lacking a large selection of spells and any intersting flavor. The combat can be clunky at times. Is the game good? Yes. Is it the messianic game? no. Should you buy it? yes. Oh, and also, mod the hell out of this game.
game-hours: 3.2
review: got 10 large homes using mods and killed the jarls, i feel like high king now. would recommend 2000000/10
game-hours: 94.8
review: This game is like a huge desert; its really big but there is nothing really worthwhile or memorable to do in it.
game-hours: 71.4
review: TOP
game-hours: 373.0
review: You use swords and chop bad guys. 10/10
game-hours: 559.3
review: So much skyrim, worth it to skyrim some more.
game-hours: 3.4
review: an amazing game that everyone should get :)
game-hours: 84.6
review: +111111111111111111
game-hours: 382.7
review: Approved by the Wolf
game-hours: 313.7
review: Best Game of 2011 :D
game-hours: 138.2
review: I dont play this game anymore, i just mod it now. 11/10 would crash again
game-hours: 29.6
review: Best game ever! This game will give you hundreds of playtime, side-quest and amazing story line. Absolutely worth of money but don't forget to buy all DLC's - they are better than basic game :D
game-hours: 16.3
review: One of the most moddable games outside of Quake. -Combined with almost limitless replayability, even with a vanilla save, the game will last you for untold amounts of hours. Combat is a little clunky sometimes, but this is one game you probably owe yourself to playthrough once. #Wabbajack
game-hours: 151.0
review: Best game. 11/10 would bang again
game-hours: 168.6
review: yes
game-hours: 647.2
review: gr8 game m8 8/8 so gr8 dont w8 this gam 8nt no 8 so f8
game-hours: 70.1
review: This is an awesome game, lots to do and so much many hours of enjoyment. Dragon fighting is the best and crafting your armor when you get the materials is equally fun. If you picked this up durring any of the Steam sales you won't be disapointed. This game is worth the money and time.
game-hours: 85.6
review: Puting mods on this game make it even awesomer to play.
game-hours: 35.2
review: This is one of the best RPG games i've ever played. 9/10
game-hours: 245.4
review: Bethesda has outdone themselves yet again with Skyrim. Perfecting the open world genre and building upon their previous games, Skyrim is a perfect open world fantasy action-RPG. There are a limitless amount of side quests and a plethora of primary quests and guild missions. This game will keep you busy for at least 100s of hours, maybe more depending on your play style. The game supports multiple play types and character classes and is one of the few RPGs to allow you to multi-class. This game is completely worth the list price and in my opinion, is the best fantasy game on the market today.
game-hours: 314.6
review: 99/100 ,Best of the Best. Let the Modding Begin!
game-hours: 607.5
review: I played this game for almost 500 hours.
game-hours: 216.5
review: -Fallout   :,   (),     ,      .   .
game-hours: 36.0
review: do you know what you can do with workshop things in this game it's just amazing
game-hours: 999.5
review: Brothers and sisters are like natural enemies, like Imperials and Nords or Bretons and Nords or Argonians and Nords or Nords and other Nords! Damn Nords! They ruined Skyrim!
game-hours: 26.1
review: Ran my horse into a dragon, died about 2 seconds later. Still trying to get better armour than iron. 11/10
game-hours: 104.5
review: player.placeatme 00064B33 500 CHEESE! CHEESE FOR EVERYONE!
game-hours: 114.3
review: This game destroyed my social life aaaaaa
game-hours: 117.7
review: yes
game-hours: 75.4
review: Masterpiece, marvelous, brilliant, any more adjectives for this game? 10/10
game-hours: 549.7
review: As far as Elder Scrolls games go, Skyrim isn't necessarily the best, but Bethesda do NOT dissapoint and deliver a game that's worthy of GOTY. With this game on PC, you will waste 100's of hours of your life dwabbling in a world that only has the limit of your imagination to stop you from doing what you want. MUst have for all RPG fans, and especially to those who love fantasy and adventure!
game-hours: 237.2
review: Recommended for about 15$ for content in it. Maybe if that. For Vanilla. With mods such as Midas Magic, Quest to Ever-something *Sorry, forgot the name!* And Wyrmtooth, alongside other combat/ quest mods, it'd be worth 25$, easily. Recommending because it is a good game, but lacks real quality of exploration that games like Morrowind and prior had.
game-hours: 19.0
review: Another brilliant title by Bethesda, I played it for countless hours on my xbox and just had to get it on my pc!
game-hours: 15.7
review: yolo chink
game-hours: 78.1
review: Far Cry without guns
game-hours: 558.8
review: The best video game I have ever played. It is just so much more than an epic, fantasy, rpg; it is an expierence. It is incredible, just buy it now.
game-hours: 45.7
review: It's simply the best open-world role playing game I've ever played, and it's 2011's Game of the Year. You need to spend hours and hours to fully explore Skyrim. This game is beautiful, amazing, and brilliant. I have nothing to say more. Just get the game, it worths it! 10/10
game-hours: 685.6
review: I love the game.. Definatly the best game ever created, its immersive feels like a living world in a fantasy/medival ish theme. The game is stunning and groundbreaking. The mods and mod community with their talents make this into a breathtaking experience. -Naeha
game-hours: 152.2
review: Has it already been two years?? Damn that went fast. You can easily put 100+ hours into this thing. Can't wait until the next one.
game-hours: 12.4
review: One of the best games i've ever played. If you havent played this you must be someone who is addicted to wow or something, Recommend this game 10/10. Just saying you will never complete it 100%
game-hours: 222.2
review: TLDR: this game is tops. If for some reason you haven't tried Skyrim at this point, the gamer inside me wants to express its greatness to you. Haters gonna hate though, if you're among them, move along. A beautifully designed fully immersive world. I'm sad to admit I'm in the population of Elder Scrolls players who started with Skyrim, but what an absolutely amazing game. I've played roughly 10x more than my clocked hours on this account, from previous accounts, other consoles, and watching friends play. I am currently on my 10th playthrough, which was mostly played on 6/6 difficulty - Legendary, other plays outside the first on 5/6 - Master. Every playthrough was an adventure. Purchasing the Legendary Edition was a great buy, and well worth the investment. 6/6 diff has proven itself to be a hefty challenge, and it requires you to use every beneficial aspect of the game possible in order to step out the front door (or prison gates). With a civil war going on, ancient Dragonpriests maintaining themselves and their undead armies centuries after their deaths, relentless elves from the Aldmeri Dominion, troubling social class strata, pesky and meddling Daedra, and people with problems around every corner, the options of things to do are virtually endless. Will you choose to help and save the world, or become the most powerful super villian Skyrim has ever seen? Oh yea did I forget to mention dragons? Cuz we got those too. An wonderful aspect of this game is the amount of workshop material developed by the community, and many mods alter the gameplay from texture updates, ui features, building your own civilization, allowing followers to mount horses, having a handful of followers to be your personal army, and more unstable ones that even let you turn into a dragon yourself. After strolling the steam workshop along with nexus mods, I've found dozens of addons that I've stuck with through multiple playthroughs. 3 DLC: Dawnguard, Hearthfire, Dragonborn In a nutshell- Dawnguard further develops the plight of the vampires in Skyrim, and allows you to either join a faction that seeks and destroys vampires, or become one yourself. Hearthfire adds 3 plots of land (in addition to the 5 buyable houses) available for purchase, where you can build your own home with a creative house building interface that lets you build your house piece by piece and eventually build a large manor with 3 wings and a basement. Don't forget your spouse and (up to) 2 adoptable children can move and live there as well. Sadly Winterhold is the only hold where a house or plot of land is unavailable to purchase. Dragonborn offers the new playable area of Solstheim, and a main quest line to go along with it, involving a previous Dragonborn who abused the powers of one of the Daedra, Hermaeus Mora, and gained immense power. The spells, abilities, and Thu'um (or shouts) you discover in this expansion are extremely powerful, including unique buffs you yourself can siphon from the knowledge contained by Herma-Mora. All in all, 11/10. If you're on console, good luck fully completing a playthrough, you will hit a game breaking glitch. PC users luckily can use console commands to fix virtually any problem, glitch, or mishap you may encounter. Familiarizing yourself with useful commands is recommended. As with a game this big, you have to expect hiccups, but on PC there hasn't been a problem I couldn't fix. Recommended over and over, replayability is huge, if you get bored, mod it up, there's lots out there.
game-hours: 192.3
review: When i first picked up skyrim back in 2011 or early 2012, i thought it would be a game that i would play for a couple of hours and get bored of it. how wrong i was. Not only does it have great content, gameplay and graphics, there is also a ton of mods out there that keeps the game fresh also allowing you to customise the game to your play style. For those who feel that graphics are important in a game, just use an enb and graphic mods to further enhance the already beautiful world of skyrim (once again many options out there that caters to pretty much everyone). DLC's are great, adding even more top notch content for many more hours of gameplay, not to mention the many side quests that you could choose to take up in the vanilla game as well. Doesn't matter whether you played the previous games in the series (i hadn't at the time i purchased skyrim), you'd still have a blast playing. strongly recommend this game especially for people who love open world adventure and role playing games.
game-hours: 299.1
review: skyrim has and always will be THE BEST.
game-hours: 1169.0
review: Amazing.
game-hours: 71.2
review: So dank.
game-hours: 500.4
review: Just epic game, gameplay, music, crafting, building, story\multithreading, dialogues, MODS! There is no duch thing that you can't do in this game. 10\10
game-hours: 490.7
review: An exceptional Game. I love it and cannot recommend it enough.
game-hours: 503.5
review: It's very rare to find people that dislike this game, not trying to sound hush but if you dislike a true master art piece like this, then you most likely have bad taste in games, what ever you dislike about this, the game will most likely have 70% of mods to fix your problem in this. What not to like in this, freedom of exploring, quest, treasure hunting, anything you want, but this is game is not about doing what you want but living a life as a medieval style chracter.I will admit this game had a tons of bugs needed to be fix and still have some but not much to be notice any more but other thne that this game is almost perfect, this game is just to impossiable to hate and dislike, try it out, download mods and enjoy, for you people that dislike it, try giving it out shout to it agian with the dlc and mods, you may see that it's not bad as u think it is.
game-hours: 346.6
review: Skyrim is a very in-depth RPG game that you can spend hundreds of hours on and still have content left to complete. If you're looking to put a lot of time, and effort if you want, into a game then I would definitely suggest Skyrim. There are so many other things you can do which aren't part of the 'main' quest line. Even when you have finished the first quest line you are introduced to, you are no-where near finishing the game. That's one of the main things I love about it. Skyrim will always offer you something new to do; and when you get to the point of wanting more, that's when you can choose to mod your game. The modding community for Skyrim is very large. If you don't like something about the game, chances are, there's a mod to change it. If you feel like things are missing from the game, then there's probably a mod to add it too. You can pick and choose from mods to make the game how you want it to be. The Steam Workshop makes it easy to mod your game with minimal effort involved. If you want a single player game that you can lose yourself in, pick this one. In my opinion, you could never play this game and regret it. Pretty much the best RPG game out there
game-hours: 45.7
review: Well. What to say? This is a legend already. It is somewhat old now, but the good story is never old, you know :-). Just like in BioShock - you will want to know the end of the tail... And the world will turn your imagination on! Minor bugs are met, but they do not spoil the point. I really liked this one!
game-hours: 126.7
review: I have always been a bit hesitant to try any of The Elder Scrolls games. Sure, there was a lot of hype and most of my friends would disappear for days after a new release, but surely I wouldn't find anything about the games enjoyable. I mean, it's not Call of Duty or Halo. I couldn't snipe a guard on a tower or pull out my assault rifle when there were enemies nearby. I was too afraid to venture out of my comfort zone. When Skyrim came out, pretty much 90% of my Facebook feed was filled with my friends bragging about killing their first dragon. I was so jealous. I wanted to do that, but I still didn't want to spend $60 on a game I thought I'd hate. I pushed it off and continued pouring my time into Call of Duty every night. Fast forward about a year and a half. I finally had a chance to try out Skyrim for free on my freshly built gaming PC. To say it was amazing would be an understatement. I was surprised that I actually liked playing RPGs. Not only that, but I wasn't half bad! The controls were easy to get used to and Skyriim is actually what helped me feel more comfortable using mouse and keyboard. I easily put in over 80 hours within less than 3 weeks (which is pretty impressive considering I have a full time job and I'm a single mom of two!). So, it's safe to say I was addicted. I loved everything about the game. Being able to choose my class, my race, etc. It was all customizable to my taste. And that's not even counting the countless mods that are available! As if I wasn't happy enough just being able to play Skyrim, I found out that The Elder Scrolls Anthology was about to be released. Needless to say, I didn't hesitate to buy it and have no doubts that it was money well spent. Skyrim seems to go on forever. I play and play, yet the quests seem neverending. Not that I'm complaining... But I'm also looking forward to going back and playing the previous TES games as well. I wish I had given them a chance before, but I'm so glad I finally did!
game-hours: 4652.9
review: This is the game the never, ever ends. I picked this game up thinking I wouldn't like it having never played a previous TES game before. Sat in my Library untouched for about a month or two, and finally took the plunge. I was wrong. I was so very, very wrong. This is probably the best purchase I've ever made on steam. Add in the unlimited potential of modding, and it's an adventure that continues forever. I've probably restarted over a hundred times by now with a new character, and still only have beaten Alduin once. ONCE. There's still so much more do to and explore that I'm still discovering quests and areas and little hidden things. I still can't believe how much there is to do and I'm still finding more. At it stands I'll probably wake up one day having lost all touch with reality and actually start seeing the world as Skyrim with how much I've played. And I'm totally ok with that.
game-hours: 3210.9
review: Ruined my life. Five stars.
game-hours: 1164.7
review: If I had to choose between this game, and my girlfriend. I'd pick this game. EDIT: I'm single now ON A MORE SERIOUS NOTE: This game is the best in its genre. In previous Bethesda games they made a sad balance in between Questing, and Exploration. Some having more quests and less places to go, and others having very few quests and more places to explore. But in Skyrim, there is no shortage of quests, and if you are like myself and just wander around aimlessly, you will stumble into places that just blow your mind. Every time I have replayed this game, I stumbled into something new. For more info i'd very much recommend mods, with mods such as texture packs, difficulty, quests, armor, and weapons, this games replay value is endless. Go through the game once with plain skyrim, then mod the hell out of it. Overall I'd rate this game an EASY 10/10. If you haven't already. Please buy it, give it a little, and I swear you will be hooked.
game-hours: 150.9
review: >murdered Nazeem in the middle of town >carried him up to the Cloud District >threw his corpse down into some nearby water >retrieved his corpse >carried him back to the middle of town >guards see me, don't care >left Nazeem's corpse bent over a well >guard hard staring me whole time >decide to leave market place >accidentally hit "E" while looking at tomato >get sent to jail for stealing tomato 10/10
game-hours: 247.4
review: An epic game made all the more epic by the fact that it is so easy to mod and so well supported by the modding community. The Elder Scrolls series has a large following and often you will hear people argue over each new TES game comparing it to the last, but for me each TES game stands on its own merits, and Skyrim is no exception. The story is pretty good and there are plenty of side quests, but what makes Skyrim so great even when not modded is its large and open nature. This is a land you can just pick a direction and with no quest in mind and just explore. You will find danger and excitement on your journey ... and loot. Lots and lots of loot. But once you start modding this game, that is when you unlock the true value that is Skyrim. Potentially thousands more hours content (for free) in a game that can be improved ten thousand different ways from graphics, textures and sounds all the way to game mechanics and user interface changes. You can make the game exactly what you need it to be, and play it for so long you may still be playing when the next game in this series comes out.... and sometimes longer than even that. If you are interested in modding the PC version of the game, be sure to check out my guide for beginners:
game-hours: 148.5
review: A game where trying to interact with giants holding clubs turns into the funding of NASA's space program.
game-hours: 12816.1
review: Play it, mod it, play it again, mod it some more... It's a dangerous cycle: your pets will die of neglect and your friends will leave you. You won't care, you'll just install more mods.
game-hours: 92.4
review: I was stacking books on a shelf in my house in Whiterun, one of Skyrim's major cities, when I noticed a weapon rack right beside it. I set a sacrificial dagger in one slot, an Orcish mace in the other. They were on display for nobody but me and my computer-controlled housecarl, Lydia, who sat at a table patiently waiting for me to ask her to go questing. The chest upstairs was reserved for excess weapons and armor, the bedside table for smithing ingots and ores, the one next to the Alchemy table for ingredients. I'd meticulously organized my owned virtual property not because I had to, but because tending to the minutia of domestic life is a comforting break from dealing with screaming frost trolls, dragons, a civil war, and job assignments that never seem to go as planned. It's even a sensible thing to do; a seemingly natural component of every day existence in Skyrim, one of the most fully-realized, easily enjoyable, and utterly engrossing role-playing games ever made. Part of what makes it so enjoyable has to do with how legacy Elder Scrolls clutter has been condensed and in some cases eliminated. In Skyrim, there's no more moon-hopping between hilltops with a maxed out Acrobatics skill. That's gone, so is Athletics. The Elder Scrolls V pares down the amount of skills and cuts out attributes like Endurance and Intelligence altogether. There's no time wasted on the character creation screen agonizing over which skills to assign as major. You don't assign major and minor skills at all, but instead pick one of ten races, each with a specific bonus. High Elves can once a day regenerate magicka quickly, Orcs can enter a berserk rage for more effective close-range combat. These abilities are best paired with certain character builds  the High Elf regeneration is useful for a magic user  but don't represent a rigid class choice. Major decisions don't need to be made until you're already out in the world and can try out magic, sneaking and weapon combat, emphasizing first-hand experience over instruction manual study, letting you specialize only when you're ready. It contributes to the thrilling sense of freedom associated with life in Skyrim. Do a quest, kill a dragon, snatch torchbugs from the air, munch on butterfly wings or simply wander while listening to one of the best game soundtracks in recent memory. Despite the enormity of the world and the colossal amount of content contained within, little feels random and useless. Even chewing on a butterfly wing has purpose, as it reveals one of several alchemical parameters later useful in potion making at an alchemy table. Mined ore and scraps of metal from Dwemer ruins can be smelted into ingots and fashioned into armor sets, pelts lifted from slain wildlife can be turned into leather armor sets, and random books plucked from ancient ruins can trigger hidden quest lines that lead to valuable rewards. Skyrim's land mass is absolutely stuffed with content and curiosities, making every step you take, even if it's through what seems like total wilderness, an exciting one, as something unexpected often lies just over the next ridge. Many times the unexpected takes the form of a dragon. Sometimes they're purposefully placed to guard relics, sometimes they swoop over cities and attack at seemingly random times. In the middle of a fight against a camp of bandits a dragon might strike, screaming through the sky and searing foe and friendly alike with frost or flame. Momentarily all on the battlefield unite, directing arrows and magic blasts upward to knock down the creature, creating impromptu moments of camaraderie -- a surprising change from what may have been yet another by-the-numbers bandit camp sweep. Dragons show up often, their presence announced by an ominous flap of broad wings or an otherworldly scream from high above. The scale and startling detail built into each creature's appearance and animations as it circles, stops to attack, circles again and slams to the ground makes encounters thrilling, though their predictable attack patterns lessen the excitement after a few battles. In the long run they're far less irritating than the Oblivion gate equivalent from The Elder Scrolls IV, can be completed in a few minutes, and always offer a useful reward. Killing a dragon yields a soul, which powers Skyrim's new Shout system. These are magical abilities any character can use, you don't have to specialize in spell casting to slow time, throw your voice, change the weather, call in allies, blast out ice and fire, or knock back enemies with a rolling wave of pure force. Even if you favor sword, shield and heavy armor and ignore magic entirely, you'll still be able to take full advantage of these abilities provided you find the proper words  each Shout has three  hidden on Skyrim's high snowy peaks and in the depths of forgotten dungeons, serving as another reason to continue exploring long after you've exhausted the main quest story, joined with the Thieves Guild, fought alongside the Dark Brotherhood, or thrown your support behind one of the factions vying for control of Skyrim. Not only is this land under assault by dragons, long thought to be dead, it's also ripped in two by civil war. You can choose one side or the other, but so much of the allure of Skyrim is how, even outside of the confines of quest lines, the embattled state of the world is evident, and steeped in a rich fictional legacy. Lord of the Rings this is not, but with the release of every Elder Scrolls game, the fiction becomes denser, and the cross-referencing for long-time fans all the more rewarding. Skyrim's residents are all aware of current events. They'll comment on the civil war, some sympathizing with the rebels, others thinking the establishment sold its soul. The peasants complain about the Jarls who control each settlement, the Jarls complain about the rebels or foreign policy, the overprotective College librarian complains when I drop dragon scales all over his floor; many characters feel like whole, distinct personalities instead of vacuous nothings that hand out quests like a downtown greeter hands out flyers for discount jeans. Characters stereotype based on race, they double-cross at even the slightest hint it might be profitable, and they react to your evolving stature within the world. It makes a ridiculous realm, filled with computer-controlled cat people and humanoid reptiles, demon gods and dragons, feel authentic, like a world that existed long before you showed up and will continue to exist long after you leave.
game-hours: 68.4
review: Killed an old woman. Stole a plate. Got arrested. (Because of the plate). Fought a dragon. Stole a crown. Got drunk. Became a werewolf. Killed bees with fire. Followed a talking dog. Visited the old dwarven cities. Killed robots. Became an assassin. Killed the emperor. Got beaten to death by a whole town for stealing a cabbage. Became a respected general. Fought bandits. Poisoned mead. Stole cabbage again. 10/10 would Skyrim again.
game-hours: 477.1
review: At first you are like this games fun, then you are like woah there are mods and then you don't stop the mods and then the next thing you know you are playing as a giant with a strap-on fighting thomas the tank engine
game-hours: 141.8
review: After I stopped regularly playing games on the PS2 years ago, I was lucky I could sit down for more than 15 minutes at a time with any game at all. This game shattered that trend entirely and left me glued to my computer desk for days. There's just so much to do and discover that Skyrim always leaves you wanting more. With a seemingly endless supply of adventure, skills, and battle, those easily sidetracked can find themselves a dozen or more hours into the game before ever killing their first dragon in the story quests should they feel so inclined to dally. Even once the story is complete, there is still a tremendous content that can be accessed. When all is said and done, you can always play through with a new character for a different experience thanks to the huge collection of skills, perks, and equipment to compliment whichever race you choose. Between the main quest line, the massive world, the extensive list of sidequests and dungeons, game expansion content, and a huge list of mods to choose from, there's something for nearly everyone.
game-hours: 186.4
review: Shouted at a dragon and it died. 10/10 would shout again
game-hours: 26.5
review: THIS GAME IS AWESOME
game-hours: 14.6
review: 10/10
game-hours: 32.1
review: Yell at dragons 10/10
game-hours: 108.3
review: Awesome :>
game-hours: 51.4
review: 10/10. Logged in 340 hours into the Xbox version, and now I am ready to log in even more time with the PC version. That's thanks to mods. Not to mention I got the legendary edition for $20 freaking dollars!
game-hours: 90.7
review: Stole all the keys 10/10
game-hours: 11.0
review: Bir Daar Kred! (the dragon shout for buy this game, I'm not kidding look it up.)
game-hours: 177.7
review: Skyrim is an RPG like no other. The amount of content is incredible, and with mods, infinite. The gameplay is smooth and immersive & if you haven't played it yet, you're missing something great.
game-hours: 11.6
review: AWESOME GAME
game-hours: 156.2
review: Hands down the biggest, baddest dungeon crawlinest Elder Scrolls game to date. Between modding and the steam workshop, the game has been expanded to include a rediculous amount of updrades to the lighting, textures, AI, NPCs, models, weapons, UI, and some even add entirely new locations and quests for hours of extra gameplay. A must have for anyone who enjoys RPGs.
game-hours: 431.9
review: Pretty Fun. Who doesn't wanna be the Freaking DragonBorn And kill anyone you want?
game-hours: 136.9
review: I don't know how to put it in words but this is one of the best games I've ever played. And with the mods you can do just about whatever the  you want.
game-hours: 3.0
review: One of the most beautiful, immersive and epic games of all time. In fact, it's THE most. There are no contenders. It almost feels like a waste of time recommending Skyrim, because anyone with a machine capable of playing it is likely to have done so already. Some of the mods are also well worth installing if your setup can run them, including retextures, graphics extenders and more detailed character creation. Goodbye real world, Tamriel is much more appealing!
game-hours: 73.0
review: My favorite part is raising the baby dragons and using combos during the Lydia sex scene.
game-hours: 109.1
review: Skyrim - An ocean of possibility, but about as deep as a kiddy pool. For all of the 80 hours (I played with Steam off most of the time) I spent in the game fighting endless waves of Draugr and going through corridors of samey dungeons in the game, I would ask myself; "When will this get good?"The story has no depth whatsoever, every single story quest is simply "go to this dungeon and get this thing", and dragon fights are underwhelmingly easy. This is neither a good RPG or a good adventure game because not only is the skill system inferior to the original stat system of the previous games, but because the combat is  as  with your skill barely having an effect. I admit it will provide decent entertaintment with its interesting lore and the stupid ragdoll effects that occasionally make it look like the enemies are having awkward sexual intercourse with each other. If you manage to look past the many flaws and the shallowness of the quests, story, and characters, then this is a decent game for just filling the gaps with your imagination. Roleplaying is possible but greatly hindered by the fact that your character has instant mastery over weapon he/she picks up, though that can be fixed with mods. However if you're someone who comes straight from Morrowind and Oblivion, you'll appreciate the nice visuals and good animations (for a TES game), but that'll quickly be overlooked by the lackluster character building, the lame black-and-white story about "An ancient evil returns", nothing absolutely happening, an uninteresting Civil War plot, the illusion of choice ("Yes " or "Yeah" in response to a question), and a world utterly devoid of consequence and life. But hey, it's a decent game if you put in mods like Requiem, Morrowloot, Morrowind-style Questing, Combat Overhaul mods and use your imagination. I didn't pour a pretty decent amount of hours for nothing. I'll recommend it only because most mods are really good. By itself though? Hell no. TL;DR: Story sucks, quests suck, combat sucks, stat system sucks, but if you use mods and a lot of imagination it's actually pretty good.
game-hours: 197.7
review: My first Elder Scrolls game that I've played, what can I say?! It's just Awesome!!!
game-hours: 69.1
review: Like Oblivion, with more facial hair.
game-hours: 108.7
review: Amazing Game, highly recommend to play and is fun. 10/10
game-hours: 305.5
review: this game is amzing!!!!!
game-hours: 34.2
review: POO
game-hours: 163.6
review: One of the few games you spend 200 hours on to complete only then to decide to start again whilst looking forward to it. Ive now completed (and brought it with all the DLC) on PS3 (Twice), Xbox360 and most recently PC (Total usage on all platforms over 1000 hours) and still believe its money well spent. Cant wait for the next installment
game-hours: 43.4
review: I buy this game on sale and sink 13 minutes into it. Good investment
game-hours: 9.0
review: Modded it got attacked by Thomas the Tank Engine 10/10 What a really useful engine
game-hours: 332.4
review: One of the best role-playing games I have ever played. Following the footsteps of the previous Elder Scrolls and improving in most aspects of the series, Skyrim has everything you want on a role-playing game. From exploring the world and killing dragons to creating your own house and cooking, the game rarely gets boring as you have a lot to do. Ridiculous amount of quests, gear, cities, landmarks, character builds make the game very enjoyable to play more than once.
game-hours: 700.3
review: One of the rare sequels that manages to live up to its title and it goes way beyond that. You have to see it in order to believe it: massive open world, tons of things to do, magic, politics, bandits, monsters, dragons you name it. On the other hand you have the Creation Kit and a friendly modding community. There is no doubt in my mind that The Elder Scrolls Skyrim is one of the best games ever created.
game-hours: 334.2
review: This game redefines masterpiece. I keep typing and backspacing because I am at a loss for words, because trying to describe this game makes me think about how amazing this game is, and I can't think of what to say. Yep. It's the game of my dreams. The ultimate roleplay experience. Pretty much everything I could wish for in a game. Never a roleplaying game so very long-lasting. Whether you play as a badass, or a simple person existing in the world... you'll still feel awesome. Replayability value is extreeeeeeeemely high. Never a game so beautiful and IMMERSIVE in every way possible too. I always turn the volume way up. I cried even on the main menu because it was so amazing and the music and the awesome. There is not a more amazing game series than the Elder Scrolls. I have played the first four TES games, and this game just sent my fanboy heart and turned it into a Viking.
game-hours: 192.7
review: Most Epic game of all time ! Use the mods :D
game-hours: 198.0
review: Hit a deer while on my horse, Deer flew off into the distance. 11/10
game-hours: 90.1
review: I love this game. Bethesda did a nice job with hardly any bad bugs. One of my faverite things to do is launch lydia off High Hrothgar and find her still alive. This FPS RPG is great for adventureing,fighting and getting sent flying by giants. I much perfer to play this game on PC because the loading is much shorter than on PS3 or Xbox 360.
game-hours: 20.1
review: Alongside with Dragon Age:Origins definitely the best games for me.If I had to choose one game to keep on my PC and delete everything else,Skyrim is my choice,no doubt!
game-hours: 151.0
review: da best eva
game-hours: 45.2
review: Nude mod.
game-hours: 13.4
review: The Dragonborn CUMS!!!
game-hours: 426.4
review: Possibly one of the best 3D sex simulators available on the market today
game-hours: 176.2
review: This game is good.
game-hours: 212.1
review: I spent the entire game chopping wood in the first town, became a millionaire, bought a nice house and raised kids. Then a dragon killed everything. 0/10 hate being played like Sim City :(
game-hours: 1.9
review: Best game NA
game-hours: 83.5
review: One of the only games that got me so hooked, I barely noticed the days of the week go by. Incredibly open world,versatile and great controls. An incredibly fun game made even more fun by the use of mods. A game where you will always find soemthing new, even after many years. 9.9/10
game-hours: 405.0
review: Three words: Buy. This. Game. Great plot, great characters, great gameplay, and the game is HUGE.
game-hours: 94.0
review: Simply epic
game-hours: 370.3
review: A Game that never ends,
game-hours: 359.8
review: The best RPG ever made YOU BETTER BUY THIS OR DIE!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 824.8
review: awsome game
game-hours: 45.6
review: This game provides so many hours of gameplay that it is ridiculous. It definitely has a great replay value, you can decide what kind of character you want to be.
game-hours: 277.6
review: The vanilla game is enjoyable, but I cannot recommend it, as it is nothing compared to the game where you employ mods. For those out there that either fear or detest the lore-breaking aspect of mods, I'm not asking you to download a school uniform or a XXXXXL bust size for your character. I'm asking you to look at the effort put in by the community of modders who strive to make the game a more enjoyable experience for all, like SkyUI or Falskaar.
game-hours: 118.4
review: THIS IS THE BEST GAME EVA OMGGGGG I LUF IT <3 <3 <3 <3 <3
game-hours: 89.0
review: Is good.
game-hours: 178.2
review: Four things: -Dual wield weapons -Fight dragons -Shoot lasers from both hands -Fus Ro Dah! P.S. This is PC version so mod this  or GTFO.
game-hours: 367.4
review: Fantastic open world RPG. Best in the Elder Scrolls series so far. All gamers should play Skyrim, and that's a scientific fact.
game-hours: 268.2
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim has given me more pleasure in playing a game, than any other game has given me. As soon as you hit start new game, the graphics blow you away, even the loading screen with Alduin sitting on the word wall looks amazing. The dialogue matches them mouth movements, which is alway a plus, and the Voice acting is suberb (even though you tend to hear different characters with the same voice). As I said the graphics of this game are like no other you will see in a game made in 2011, however, the one critique I have is the water textures, as many a time I have come across patches of water that is invisible, but, the majority of the game is spent on land so that tends to not affect your gameplay. The Story is good, but sometimes it lacks a certain quality that you tend to notice. The one major problem I have with the game is the (SPOLIERS) Battle For Whiterun, it is suppossed to be a large scale seige, but it turns out to be 20 Stormcloaks charging at 30 Imperials. The Battle at either Solitude or Windhelm is only slightly better. Despite those problems I believe that Skyrim deserves the title of 2011-2012 game of the year. It extensive lore, its hours of leveling, its interesting (someties) story lines and its massive replay value make this game one of the best Role Playing Games made, you can easily sink 200+ hours into your first play-through without even finishing the main story line.
game-hours: 207.7
review: I recommend this game.
game-hours: 33.5
review: I liked it. You swing swords, you sling spells, you fire arrows, you yell... shouts? I dunno, it was a pretty good generic fantasy type sandbox thing, couldn't really hold my attention. I liked the water, and the waterfalls, and the world, and the villages, and some other things. I thought that claw quest was pretty neat. You know the one. 5/10
game-hours: 78.2
review: ==  ;3;
game-hours: 145.4
review: There simply hasn't been a game as anticipated as TES V: Skyrim. The latest entry in the 17 year old series, Skyrim brings the same free form RPG formula the series is known for and brings it into current generation hardware. Skyrim is more than a graphical upgrade, though. By removing the character stats and classes, Skyrim allows true freedom in play style by allowing characters to form based on what actions the player does the most. Any skillup contributes to level progression and a perk system allows players to excel at skills and learn new abilties without the need for stats or classes. Couple this with a world with so much to do and see, and it's easy to see why this game is so loved.
game-hours: 29.6
review: I enjoyed this game untill I had to fight the unicorns, cows were also overpowered, and the god damn potato knights one hit me all the time, I was a Cabbage wizard aswell, also When I used home teleport I was teleported to runescape and I got stuck there
game-hours: 119.0
review: Enjoy this game very much!
game-hours: 95.1
review: awesome game i really liked it
game-hours: 2.4
review: Buy the game and stop reading this !
game-hours: 280.3
review: You can play this game your way; it's like Burger King, but without the calories! Venture forth as the mighty Dragonborn, crushing your enemies though use of powerful magics, Daedric artifacts, and devastating shouts, or jump on people's dinner tables and make them beat each other up while you steal their stuff! Though advanced gameplay mechanics, you will be able to advance your numerous skills so as to perform amazing feats never before seen to the folk of Skyrim. Advance your destruction skill and repeatedly stunlock your enemies by pressing both mouse buttons with the same spell, forever! Advance your sneak skill, and steal people's pants as they walk down the street! Advance your smithing and alchemy skills, and become almost literally invinvible through use of a complex process that includes potions, enchanting, and exploits! You will encounter a wide variety of intresting characters in your travels in the newest part of Tamriel, including cat people, lizard people, racist elves, drunk people, racist nords, bandits, assassins, murderers, cultists, drug dealers, corrupt bureaucrats, and more! Defeat powerful bosses like dead people, magic dead people, dead people with swords, people that make dead people serve them, a dragon that makes other dragons not dead, more dead people, dead people with shouting powers, flying magic dead people with masks, flying magic dead people without masks, dead people without skin, dead people with skin, vampires that count as un-dead even though they never were dead in the first place, to name a few. This game comes with three DLCs: Dragonborn, Hearthfire, and Dawnguard, which add the ability to fight the champion of Cthul-- er... I mean, Hent... no... oh, yeah: Hermaeus Mora, the first Dragonborn; the ability to get more houses which are occasionally attacked by bandits who kidnap your spouse because you can only build them in the middle of nowhere; and the ability to renact your favorite scenes of Twilight, but with more vampire hunting/human killing and less creepy "romance". Overall, I highly recommend this game. Now, if you'll excuse me, I need to go get some Burger King.
game-hours: 142.2
review: Just get it...U know u want to ;)
game-hours: 122.6
review: Totally recommend, great atmosphere, advanced character buildings and also moddable! Some gliches, that's all.
game-hours: 163.8
review: Just the best ing game..
game-hours: 222.9
review: Nice game, one of the best so far. But seriusly, you have to buy the legendary edition, you won't regret it.
game-hours: 1182.0
review: An excellent one player game, challenging at all difficulty levels, strategy requirements are impeckable, and the art work invested in the environment is absolutely awesome.
game-hours: 22.6
review: Good for around 20 hours and then you get bored and start modding it. Modding becomes a better part of the game. Play about with mods for more hours than you actually played the quest lines. Screenshot everything. Break your game with mods. Play another game.
game-hours: 115.1
review: This game on Pc best choice I ever made Love this game and Love the modding community.
game-hours: 40.1
review: While Morrowind will always ba my favorite Skyrim nearly took that place with captivating gameplay, amazing graphics, and a wonderful community.
game-hours: 809.4
review: Hundreds and hundreds of hours can be put in that game and it will still be amazingly fun to play, well worth the bucks!
game-hours: 252.2
review: Best game ever made!
game-hours: 495.5
review: Whoever said the best things in life are free was wrong.
game-hours: 516.7
review: I heard someone call this a mile wide and an inch deep once, and that's a perfect way to describe it. Bethesda is utterly amazing at building worlds, but when it comes to putting quests and characters in those worlds they fail, miserably. Take the civil war for instance. Skyrim is caught between the Empire (the good guys) and the stormcloaks (idiots one and all, and the bad guys. If they win, the real big bads, the aldmeri dominion who are basically magical nazi elves get one step closer to wiping out humanity altogether.) You can win the civil war for one side or another, and.... nothing happens. Sure some guards change pants and maybe two or three npc's say a sliiiiiightly different thing now, but that's it. Oh and you win the civil war by doing a fetch quest and then going to a city and killing waves of utterly identical faceless soldiers. four or five times. I guess what I'm saying here is there's no replay value at all. There's one way to do something and that's it. No choosing to do it a different way later in another playthrough because there is no other way. Oh and if you care about sane, coherent plots, DO NOT buy Dawnguard. The only possible way that could make sense is if your character literally becomes temporarily . Full on window licking wearing inflatable waterwings in the bath so you don't drown .
game-hours: 50.4
review: muazzam atmosfer ulan. kanc karakteri oynuyorum bilmiyorum akas.
game-hours: 60.9
review: Its a great game, lots of bugs, but when you get past that there is a fantasy world to explore.
game-hours: 133.2
review: one of the best games I ever played...this game is amazing, the texture and the graphics are bad, but this is not something that should bother me. this game is a whole world, you can do anything in this game, the DLC's are amazing too. And if you like RPG, magics, fantasy and a huge lore, this game is for you.
game-hours: 50.9
review: Excellent game overall as positives outweigh the negatives Good points: Fantastic visuals, breath taking views of the landscape. Missions in dungeons are thrilling Lots of replayability Well written out lore Feels almost like a sim rpg Bad points: Stale dialogue missions can get boring overtime Rather glitchy
game-hours: 98.1
review: Very good game. Enjoy it a lot. Best game ever, I don't think I'll play another game ever again. 4/10.
game-hours: 358.0
review: If you like roleplay fantasy games, this is your game!!!
game-hours: 33.5
review: UNLIMITED QUEST ! EPIC GAME !!
game-hours: 32.8
review: Best Singleplayer Game (with mods) ive ever played in my life. :3
game-hours: 30.6
review: i like dis game it has dragons en'
game-hours: 250.9
review: A great game, so many different combat styles and things to do you can play it for days on end and never get bored. Shot a chicken, town filled of elderly women stabbed me to death 10/10
game-hours: 353.2
review: I'd definately recommend this game. This game is a few years old now (2011) but it is still an amazing game to play. With all the great mods out there it is even possible to add more fun to the game or more awe with the many graphic mods that are out there.
game-hours: 88.7
review: Skyrim is the one of the best games to play, able to capture the attention of any that play it, difficult to be fun, but not difficult to be annoying, Plenty of Quests to do as well as just explore the massive expanse that is the world of Skyrim. Makeing the deal of buying the game sweeter, working with Steam Workshop allows you to create a whole new world through the power of mods. Great Game, if get it on sale even better.
game-hours: 139.6
review: One of my favorite's. Definitely worth playing.
game-hours: 52.9
review: Please everyone go buy this game! I love it! I can not get enough of this amazing gameplay!
game-hours: 455.1
review: I don't know what to say But this game is good.
game-hours: 47.1
review: One of the best games i have tried!
game-hours: 108.6
review: Yet another great game to add to the Elder Scrolls Series. Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is even more action packed than the previous games, with many features added. You can play anyway you want: Assassin, Mage, Warrior, etc. Have countless hours of fun with side quests, guilds, DLC, or the main story. I would highly recommed this game to anyone who enjoys RPG's or even if its your first one!
game-hours: 327.1
review: 1337 game.
game-hours: 114.9
review: Do you not already own this?!?! How have you been surviving. Sure you got food, water, and shelter, but THIS, this is a real neccessity. It is an open world ready with secrets to discover and adventures to travel on. Fighting dragons is but a part of your quest to be the best warrior in Skyrim. But only if you want to of course. Being a thief, or assassin is just as amazing for portraying your incredible stealth, unless you plan to be the Archmage of limitless magical powers! Casting fire and lightning on your quest to kill the high king of the land! There is always combinations if you prefer spreading your bard-like knowledge. So go on! Fulfill your quest, and become a true DRAGONBORN!!!!
game-hours: 74.7
review: This game is great, but has it's drawbacks. It feels more like an adventure game than an RPG, it's more about doing than filling out level sheets. Which I must say I prefer. I found it tedious in Oblivion to allocate skills into things I ended up not using because I didn't know the plot of the game the first time. It didn't feel like I was playing a game, it felt like homework. Skyrim is simplier, but it's streamlined nature is what makes it so enjoyable to play. I feel like I'm going on an adventure, and getting stronger using skills that come natural to me. The characters look pretty, and the open world is really quite astounding. I found myself simply looking at the scenery, knowing that someone had to envision it. It is probably one of my favorite games, but I don't like to compare it to the other Elder Scrolls games, because it breaks the mold with a new leveling system.
game-hours: 115.9
review: A whole world, full of beautiful friendly people with their broken knees. And dragons, lots of dragons!
game-hours: 122.9
review: awesome. nuff said.
game-hours: 75.4
review: This game is very good. I highly reccomend the mod "s of Skyrim". It adds some much needed length to your playthrough.
game-hours: 126.5
review: one of my favorite games of all time, a must buy.
game-hours: 18.0
review: One of the best games I have ever played.
game-hours: 482.2
review: This game is totaly worth the money. Gameplay and graphics may not be it's strongest areas but besides that the game is truly one of the best I have played in a lond time. Huge openworld landscape with lots to do and see. All three expancions are great extending the epic adventure that the game has to offer. Plus the game's modding community is one of the richest that I have seen, with thousands of great and new mods comming out daily, from adding new and exiting weapons and races to making an extreme inprovement on both graphics and gameplay. Skyrim is gaurintieed to give you an exiting taste of the TES adventure and give you hours upon hours of an exiting and novel experience. Since the last game skyrim has made tremendous inprovements. In skyrim the UI has been tremendously improved with smarter sorting, new options and overall better looks. Players can now gain a veriaty of new blessings and powers and not to mention, shouts! Shouts are the main new aspect of the game allowing players to absorb the souls of dragons and use their powers against them. One other new inprovement is the dual weild option allowing for players to equip weapons/magic in to the left, right, or both hands making for new and dynamic combat stragities. The game's graphic atmosphere is much more "rugged and dirty" where as Oblivion's was almost cartoonish. Although the new engine is a disapointment it still works fine giving us great graphics that can compare to many modern games. The modding community also brings high resolution texturepacks and encredible HD lighting and shader mods called ENBs. The story, as always, focuses on a prisioner who becomes an emportant person in tamrielic history. In this installment of the TES franchise your charater escpes exicution when the dragon god Aulduin attacks. Later you find out that you are the dragonborn of legend and are destined to save tamriel from the wrath of the dragons. By defeating Aulduin and restoring the peace of skyrim the player will have a great expericnce with this exiting game.
game-hours: 261.7
review: get it cuz it good k
game-hours: 1391.0
review: Why didn't i recommend this game when i bought it? Because i was too busy playing it. After installing my 500th mod today i can still call Skyrim one of the biggest and best games i have ever owned. As stated by others the potential of this game is almost unlimited. You can even convert the whole game into a tropical forest now and play like you were in Elsweyr. Get this game NOW :D
game-hours: 294.2
review: Best RPG bar none.
game-hours: 119.8
review: Top class open-world RPG. In terms of content, scope, and general ambition it's incredible. Worth every penny.
game-hours: 65.2
review: sweet
game-hours: 124.5
review: Wonderful game if you want an open world with quite a bit to do. The expansions add more to the wonderful lore that is Elder Scrolls. A great game, but fairly glitchy, even with mods. Recomend going to Nexus to find mods that interest you.
game-hours: 116.5
review: It's never too late to buy this game. Buy it right now. Now. NOW. NOW!
game-hours: 18.4
review: Who hasn't played Skyrim yet? Nothing but perfection in this game.
game-hours: 132.4
review: This is one of the best games ever created!
game-hours: 116.2
review: Best game ever. Unfortunately my wife thinks so too, This means I get to play whenever she isn't around. Still worth it!
game-hours: 146.1
review: Great game. It really lets you do whatever you want, including killing dragons and stuff.
game-hours: 330.5
review: Easily my favorite game, I've effortlessly put in over 200 hours. Great game for anyone who wants to get themselves lost in a different world.
game-hours: 94.0
review: Best cRPG game what I ever played!
game-hours: 413.3
review: very skyrim. so elder scrolls. such awesome. is good game. you buy now. i buy. i like. you buy. you like. skyrim is best game. this review may seem ridiculous but every word is true. also much of this is filler. hats, boats, deviled eggs, unicycles. ~Rukathesoldier
game-hours: 554.2
review: !!!    !))))))
game-hours: 90.7
review: It's Skyrim , play it , now seriously, go !
game-hours: 5.6
review: Its Skyrim, an elder scrolls game with modern visuals great modding tools and a ton of content, there is no way to go wrong with the game. You can have fun here whether you're an action fan, or if role playing is more your style this game was made for you! It is all the elder scrolls goodness wrapped up into one neat modern package and it would be a shame if you didn't at least try it! Also getting to play the game again after running through it on Xbox was just a treat so even if you think you've already seen all there is to see, you haven't.
game-hours: 158.8
review: Best game Evah must play for all of dos medival/magic time players
game-hours: 56.1
review: This game is truly extroardinary with survival mods! Its like you ARE your character!
game-hours: 49.7
review: Absolutely amazing. Can spend a lot of time in this game and never get bored with it. Especially with all the downloadable mods.
game-hours: 169.9
review: das vas goot!
game-hours: 2.3
review: Amazing
game-hours: 286.9
review: No wonder why this won the game of the year, it is beautiful, really. Inmersive gameplay, tons of story and quests, easily a 200+ hours game. The DLC is great also adds new places, NPC's, weapons, etc... The Legendary edition is a must. and finally the mods... thank god PC Gaming. The community really makes it possible to play with almost anything you want. Want more variety of weapons? Are you bored of the same NPC's or same weather all the time? Want more inmersive mechanics like hunger, thirst and hypothermia effects? Want more impressive spells? Want to add ponies instead of dragons!? you got all of this and more!!! Lots and lots of replayability!!! just browse through Nexus or Steam Workshop and add all you like. You will have a blast with this game.
game-hours: 172.2
review: Excellent highly recommended game
game-hours: 203.0
review: Get this game. The mod community has made this game my 2013 GOTY.
game-hours: 218.4
review: A really great game!
game-hours: 131.8
review: November 11, 2011 was a great day, because Bethesda graced us with one of the greatest games every created. Skyrim is the 5th installment of The Elder Scrolls series; and oh boy does it ever take it to the next level. What does Skyrim have you may ask? In depth character development, player housing, kill-able NPCs, anything that isn't nailed to the wall or ground can be stolen, tons of weapons and magic spells, play as a werewolf or vampire, hundreds of quests, an enormous world, and oh yeah DRAGONS! Skyrim is an RPG that has a great main story with tons of side quests that either have nothing to do with the main story arc or have everything to do with it. I couldn't stop playing the game as every corner, every road or just over that mountain had something new to do or experience. And the experiences were increased exponentially with the environmental detail and sound that made you feel like you were in the world itself. Do you want to be a heavy armor wearing archer, a dual wielding wizard, a vampire, or maybe you just want to be an assassin; your choices of character combinations are extensive. Each aspect of your character has a skill tree and actions like merely sneaking around will improve it's skill and unlock a skill point with each passing level that can be used to specialize that ability even more. And after you spend time specializing your character, you have to move on to customizing their gear. Skyrim is a must own for RPG lovers, gamers who enjoy open worlds and if you love DRAGONS; how do you not already have this game? + Beautiful Visuals + Great sounds and music + Detailed and engrossing stories + Great combat + Open world and very customizable character progression - Can be overwhelming for people new to the series - Some glitches during combat (Very Minimal) Score: 10 out of 10
game-hours: 133.2
review: This game is probably one of the BEST moddable game i have ever played. There are so many, many things you can do and you can be anything you want to be on skyrim. It has almost never-ending quests and a big place to exploring around. This game is for the true adventure lovers. I would totally recommend you to buy this game! 2 Thumb up! SKYRIM 4 LIFE!
game-hours: 465.8
review: Great game. The best open-world game Bethesda has made yet in my opinion. Now with the DLC's the game seems endless, and you will spend many dozens of hours just questing alone even before exploring all of Skyrim. Hope you have a lot of extra time on your hands. ;)
game-hours: 39.7
review: You play as Luigi and you must save the Mushroom Kingdom from dragons. Mario was turned into a dragon but he good dragon. Luigi shouts really loud cause he is scared of dragons. Luigi can't fit dragons in a vacuum so he stabs them with arrows and swords, and his own fists. It's a pretty good game, everyone calls me some dragonborn I stab them and then say I'm Luigi.
game-hours: 200.4
review: Dovahkiin! Amazing! Omg! Get it now! Im Teh Vodmo!
game-hours: 25.4
review: FUS RO DAH. That's it.
game-hours: 316.7
review: We all know this game and how  it was on the consoles. We all agree that this game is 100 times better on PC due to mods and enhancements that can be modified and added. This game is incredible in its own way. Yes, it has a considerable amount of glitches and bugs which can be fixed using Official Patches from the Skyrim Nexus. There are a lot of things you are missing from this game. It has incredible mods that you will never get to experience. Which is a shame since it is one of the biggest workshops on Steam. There are mods that add more killmoves, characters, races, weapons, armours, animals + beasts, immersive mods, enviroments, gameplay aspects, and more. There are ENBs which enhance skyrim IMMENSELY. Literarily, a brain . There are mods that can create better characters that don't look like hobos from downtown. This game is excellent for those who seek adventure, great mods, and roleplaying.
game-hours: 48.6
review: Amazing game, ten out of ten :)
game-hours: 157.4
review: I almost forgot to review Skyrim.
game-hours: 325.6
review: cool
game-hours: 35.7
review: Dragons Keep Killing me and stealing my sweet rolls!
game-hours: 135.4
review: FOOS RO DAH.. and also mods and dragons and shouts and ragdolls and guards that never will forget you, and every adventurer has a trauma because they got shot with an arrow.. in the knee. dis game's gud
game-hours: 53.7
review: DO IT! BUY IT! IF YOU HAVEN'T PLAYED THIS ALREADY - YOU ARE MISSING OUT! Highly addictive and emersive.
game-hours: 318.2
review: This game is absolutely amazing. The massive open world, breathtaking quests, epic monsters, and the vast mod community truly makes this game one of the best RPG's if not games, in my opinion, available on Steam. Just the base game itself, without expansions, provides literally hundreds of hours of gameplay, and the mods on the Steam Workshop add even more. Once you complete most of the game, you can literally download an entirely new game for free on the Workshop. This is a fantastic deal for an awesome game.
game-hours: 62.9
review: Amazing game added some mods to it and it looks like a next gen game. buy it!
game-hours: 409.4
review: The best game i have ever played in my life! You will easily get 100hr+ with this game!
game-hours: 34.5
review: One of my all time favourite games. When i first played this i was stunned by the beauty of the icy mountains, rolling forests, lush greenlands, and flowing rivers. Then learning that i was a character unique to the world but had served great importance for many years before as a symbol of Tamriel's Empire was the next best thing. Story is good, looks amazing, and the adventures are once in a lifetime experiences. 9.5/10. A definitely purchase!
game-hours: 155.4
review: Skyrim is the best game I've ever played. That's a bold statement, I know. But this game has earned that place with it's great Graphics (and with mods it really begins to shine!), atmosphere and gameplay. What it lacks in gameplay innovations it makes up with one of the best digital worlds ever crafted. This game is more then the sum of it's parts, it truly excels when you write your own story and be the hero you want to be. This is an escapist dream.
game-hours: 56.4
review: sik as fak, using my catman to raep villegers omG BEST game evr
game-hours: 520.7
review: it's ok...
game-hours: 259.9
review: Is very good game. I play a lot.
game-hours: 408.0
review: you can tell by the amount of hours I have clocked... Nuff said GG 10/10
game-hours: 115.6
review: The Elder scrolls 5 Skyrim is in my opinion one of the greatest fantasy game I have ever played, the elder scrolls series just keeps getting better. The best thing about this game is the amount of freedom and choices you get in the game. You could play as a barbaric warrior or a BADASS mage. You can be every class you would expect from a fantasy game. It has a brilliant main questline and side quests what draw you in.
game-hours: 13.0
review: A lengendary story, starts from an arrow in my knee, ends with death of a chicken ....... You can steal a man till naked 10/10
game-hours: 161.2
review: If you dont have this game. You porobibly have a girlfriend or somthing. yuck
game-hours: 255.8
review: Better than Hitman Absolution.
game-hours: 355.0
review: it's my game *-*
game-hours: 75.1
review: uno de los mejores rpg del momento!!!
game-hours: 74.8
review: OUTSTANDDDDING GAME! endless fun with steam workshop
game-hours: 204.1
review: It worth to play n good way to explore fantacy world.....
game-hours: 647.7
review: So ein EPISCHES Game eine super Grafik, Hammer Gameplay und ne gute Hauptstory mit vielen interresanten Nebenquests. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 106.8
review: The love of my life
game-hours: 307.0
review: This game is awesome. I can play anytime and the mod provides me lots of more fun.
game-hours: 55.4
review: Its skyrim it never loses the appeal I love it so much , this is what a real open world game is supposed to be like
game-hours: 130.5
review: This game is one of the best I have ever played. Very well designed, and endless hours of playtime.
game-hours: 104.4
review: Great game just wish I picked this game up sooner.
game-hours: 49.4
review: One of the best Elder scrolls game out, The base game has a great main quest line and if you get bored of that you have 100s+ side quests to do, or you could go around finding little hiddle spots around the map. The dawnguard DLC is fun and gives you alot more side quests with a good main quest line. But the best DLC so far has to be the Dragonborn DLC im still going through doing the black books i mean theres alot of stuff to do so you wont get bored with the plot and say "Omg this sucks why did i even buy it" because i love it. Overall the game is great, plus all the mods you can download really gives the game alot of life and stuff to do. I give this game a perfect 10/10 an amazing game please do buy.
game-hours: 436.1
review: in my top 5 all-time best.
game-hours: 192.6
review: Hours of Fun!
game-hours: 43.8
review: FUCE RO DA!
game-hours: 330.5
review: fun
game-hours: 403.9
review: This is just an amazing game, there is just so much to discover. Just AWESOME :) :D
game-hours: 76.4
review: Amazing game as always.
game-hours: 74.7
review: One of the greatestt games of all time
game-hours: 16.8
review: So damn addictive.. played till 5 am in the morning.. got up at 11:30 and started playing again :D .. Dayum!!
game-hours: 102.0
review: Amazing! I never thought a game could be this big and open. Lots of fun and I totally recommend to all my friends!
game-hours: 9.4
review: This game's awesome in the 5 hrs I've played, but the lag is high on my potato of a computer. Unless you can deal with lag, get a gaming pc or laptop and play on that.
game-hours: 138.3
review: Great game. Countless things to do and amazing character progression! You have the most freedom that can be offered by a free roam game!
game-hours: 283.3
review: SO MY ORIGINAL REVIEW OF THE MAJESTIC FIFTH INSTALLMENT OF BUTHESDUH'S AAA HIKING SIMULATOR SERIES WAS, "ING COMBAT QTE'S!!!!!!" WHICH STILL HOLDS TRUE. OH WELL YOU HAVE TO DEAL WITH IT I GUESS RITE? SOME GOOD THINGS HAVE BEEN PATCHED INTO THE GAME LIKE THE INFINITE DRAGONS CAN NOW FLY BACKWARDS AND ALSO THE GAME CTD'S A LOT BUT IT'S OKAY IF YOU RUN 3 SAVE + AN AUTOSAVE FILES LIKE A BRO. THE GAME WORLD IS HUGE AND THERE ARE 57,612 QUESTS (YEAH I COUNTED( BUT THERE IS NO C&C TO BE HAD YOU EITHER DO QUEST LIKE THEY SAY OR U JUST LEAVE IT IN YOUR LOG LIKE A QUITTER AND QUITTERS NEVER WIN. TBH I HAVE A LOT OF GRIPES ABOUT THIS GAME ANDF I WISH IT WERE A LOT BETTER THAN HOW IT TURNED OUT AND IT IS INCREDIBLY SHORT SIGHTED AND FRUSTRATING AT TIMES BUT YOU KNOW I STILL PLAYED IT FOR OVER 100 HOURS FINAL RATING 11/10.
game-hours: 144.7
review: Far better than Pacific Rim.
game-hours: 47.5
review: GET IT.
game-hours: 371.8
review: 1 Word ...Epic!
game-hours: 149.9
review: Amazing game, amazing graphics, amazing gameplay and amazing combat - get. it. now.
game-hours: 295.1
review: THIS GAME IS SOOOOOOO  LIKE OMFG DERZ NOT EVN GUNZ IN IT LIK CAUL OFF DOODY ANYONE WHO SAYS THIS GAME IS GOOD ARE A ING RETART IF YOU LIKE REAL GAMZ PLAY COD IT IS SO GOOD AND LOOKS WAY MORE GRAPHICLY SEXY THIS PECE OF !!1!!!! PLUS IT RUNS LIKE  ON MY 1998 WINDOWS 97 LAPTOP WITCH IS TEH MOST POWERFULLL COMPUUTOR THER IS!!!!1! AND THE STORIE LIN IS SO ING IDIOTIK THER ARE NO SUKH THNG AS DRAONGS BUT OBVIOSSLY THERE ARE GIAUNT MILATARIE ROBOTZ THAT CAN KILL MUSLIMS FROM 100000000000000000000000 MILES AWAY SO STOP CALL ING DIS XCUS 4 A GAM GUDDDDDD! (Side note: skyrim is ing amazing get it and i love muslims. Please don't bomb my house.(Side note in a sidenote: just kidding))
game-hours: 167.6
review: I am Jesus. Buy this game.
game-hours: 447.8
review: Quite a good game in default. Level scaling is not as much obvious as was in Oblivion. For best playthrough, I suggest of using some overhaul mods which makes it perfect
game-hours: 355.0
review: GREAT GAME BUY IT U FILTHY
game-hours: 37.0
review: Even after playing this game so many times it still has not lost any playablilty and this is due to the great work everyone is doing through the workshop.
game-hours: 48.8
review: Is good game
game-hours: 6.6
review: This is a great game played it on xbox 360 but pc version is so much better
game-hours: 117.0
review: Surely a game this massive in scale requires a review of similar proportion. Where do I begin? The graphics? The gameplay? The lore? I'll start at the beginning. First off, this game is nothing like Roller Coaster Tycoon. In fact, Skyrim and RCT are about as far away from each other on the spectrum of gaming as they can be. So if you're looking for a quality theme park building/management simulator (or any theme park building/management simulator), do not look to the Elder Scrolls series. You begin your quest as a lowly prisoner in the back of a wagon. The offense is border hopping, and the punishment is death by axe (sure beats a big ol' wall, huh U.S. government?). On the way to the execution you meet fellow prisoner Roggvir, a key member in a group of rebels called the Stormcloaks, who want to take back Skyrim from the Imperial Legion (the people who are executing you) and put the Nords back in command. When you arrive at the execution...place in Helgen, a guard asks you for your name. Now say what you want about the Imperial Legion, but these people have some patience. I sat there for 45 minutes thinking of a name and rearranging my race, face, and gender to my liking, and they just waited for me to finish. Finally I decided on Jikrel, a magician/juggler inspired by my hero, Penn Jillette. Properly named and pampered, I'm ready to get my head chopped off! Just before the axe comes down, however, a conveniently timed plot device* swoops down and proceeds to burn the city to the ground. It is at this point that the player can decide whether to escape with Roggvir, the handsome rebel with a cause, or someoneelseIforgothisname, a dirty Imperial pig. While the choice doesn't make a difference at this point in the game, it presents the player with the concept of choosing sides in a convoluted, almost entirely pointless side quest involving the great Civil War of Skyrim. Racist rebels or idiotic Imperials? The choice is yours to make (or not). Once you've escaped, you're free to go anywhere in the overworld you desire, do any side quests you want, tackle the main storyline, or just goof around and break the game's A.I. I opted for the latter. Don't get me wrong, there are a lot of things to do in Skyrim, it's just that most of them aren't fun or interesting. I tried to give the main quest a go, but around the seventeenth plot device* and ninth fetch quest or so, I just got sick of it and quit. I had to replace the stock plot device* fighthing music to a pitched-down rendition of Frank Zappa's "No Not Now" just to make it that far. I'm going to be honest here: the most fun I've had playing this game I've had roleplaying a psychopathic serial rap-ist/ene-ma bandit/murderer that slits people's throats, dry humps their still warm corpses and dumps them in the nearest river/crevice/humorous location he can find. What this says about myself, I don't know. But I do know what it says about the game's quests: they're not good. In fact, I found the game's quests were obstructing my overall goal of blindly murdering everything in my path. Ever since Oblivion, Bethesda has felt the need to make certain NPC's that are essential to the game's completion unkillable. I had to download a mod so that I could kill them and thus continue having fun. Oh, and don't get me started on the mods! Nude mods, "better female" mods, "sexy armor" mods, what is this a sick joke?! How horny are you people?! But I digress. To sum it up: Skyrim is worse than Oblivion because it is better than Oblivion. Bethesda don't seem to realize that their games are inherently goofy and are perfect that way. The more they try to make it "badass" or "epic" or the more bad face textures and A.I. bugs they fix the worse it gets. I don't even think the intended audience for these games takes them seriously considering the number of great dumb mods there are out there (Battletoad Rash!) All in all, I'd buy it because it's still a pretty enjoyable experience and I'm sure everybody can find something to do in this massively dumb role-playing action-adventure game. Oh, and the graphics are pretty good I guess. 7/10 *plot device=dragon
game-hours: 172.9
review: what can i say really that as not already been said its a pretty awesome game
game-hours: 177.2
review: This game is EPIC! You can do everything! Kill jarls, became the king, rebel against a city and more! One of the best RPG of the history.
game-hours: 71.6
review: MOOoooOooooooOOoooooooooooooooooooooooOoooooooooo0000000000000DS!
game-hours: 382.7
review: fun.. As long as you don't mind running around like a headless chicken
game-hours: 52.9
review: Syrim is the perfect mix between action and adventure. The creatability and choices make this game easily my favorite. the endles amount of quests and story make it a non stop joy ride. And the graphice? They can't be beat. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND
game-hours: 159.6
review: this is a great game
game-hours: 178.1
review: awesome game
game-hours: 21.3
review: This is a very fun game but Eventually gets a little boring.. Until you fight some dragons!!!
game-hours: 386.4
review: This game is sick. It is such a big and beautiful world with so many places to explore. 2 years later with new DLC installed and this game is still awesome to play. Plus the endless mods are always fun to try.
game-hours: 372.9
review: Best game I have played in years
game-hours: 422.3
review: Ahhh, Skyrim. Returning to the continent of Tamriel after Oblivion, Skyrim is a huge, beautiful, entertaining game that has much of what made Oblivion grand, while changing, omiting or adding to that formula to make the game even more compelling. The crafting and enchanting of items, for example, gives a personal tocuh for those who want to forge their own destiny with their own hand-made tools. The vistas and terrain is nothing short of beautiful, with sprawling ruins, vast mountains, snowy peaks, grassy highlands, wooded areas and even a volcanic/hot springs type area. The main quest is . . . much like any Bethesda Main Quest. Servicable, but not specifically stunning. However, music, visuals, small, personal little legends in dungeons, and those little stories told in the severed outstretched arm reaching for a treasure box, the dungeon specific quests, the little errands that can turn into something sprawling the entire land, books whose information can lead you on a merry chase to adventure and treasure, and last but not least the dragons and the shouts (special powers you gain over time exploring and finding Words of Power-type walls) that are unlocked and empowered by dragon's souls all push this game up to one of my favorite games I've ever played. Nothing compares to the rush of a legendary dragon attacking a settlement, and you rushing to defend it. If you can swing the expansions, you can also build your own houses, sail to a strange and almost alien island, and contend with Skyrim's vampires as well. The house building is the next logical step for anyone who sees the game itself as little more than a reason to craft their own items because they are awesome. The Island of Solstheim is both strange and engaging for me in much the same way the alien realm of the Mad God was in Oblivion. And the Vampires are fun if for no other reason than they've gotten bold enough to attack settlements, leading again to a battle between vamps, you and the city inhabitants. For the uninitiated, though, games like this on the computer run very well with mods, and this is no exception. My favorites of those (I found them on Nexus Mods, I'm not sure how many are on the Steam Workshop as well) are Run For Your Lives (citizens will hide when a dragon attacks), When Vampires Attack (the same but for when vamps attack settlements), Glowing Ore 300 (because otherwise ore is very hard to pick out), WATER (Makes water prettier), Green Water Fix (fixes a problem of not being able to see anything underwater because patches are fun) and finally all the "Unoffical" Patches (because they make the game run smoother). The TL; DR version? For the massive adventure it is, Skyrim is a must have for any adventerous soul. Just note that both mods and the expansions do nothing but enhance the experience. ;)
game-hours: 105.2
review: Waldo Approves (   )
game-hours: 11.2
review: Good game.
game-hours: 149.7
review: Reallt fun game..... be a Dark Elf!!!
game-hours: 247.0
review: Look no further. This game is AWSOME!
game-hours: 63.4
review: i want to pee in a basket when i hear choo choo
game-hours: 73.9
review: Really great game where bandits come to mug the guy who just killed a dragon and absorbed his soul, whoever doesn't buy this game is a milk drinker
game-hours: 379.6
review: I keep trying to quit you, but you keep pulling me back in.
game-hours: 54.5
review: It's pretty good if u like dragons, if u don't like i recommend wolrd of warcroft
game-hours: 564.4
review: The best RPG ever made. The story's not amazing, but the gameplay and the vast open world is worth exploring (and it's fun to do so). Skill trees are intuitive, dialogue is quick, and the quests are plentiful. I have played it for over 1,000 hours. Truly glorious.
game-hours: 328.2
review: HOLY  MY  FELL OFF 9/10-IGN
game-hours: 47.1
review: I just have three litlle words about this game " Buy this game" thats really all I have to say about the game
game-hours: 343.2
review: Okkkk cant believe that I didnt alredy made recomend to play for Skyrim... I mean it is darn Elder Scrolls game.... IF you like RPG and IF you like felling to have shivers down your back when you get dragon down, game gives you total freedom to do what you wanna do... and to approach quests way you like (you can convince a fella to stop stealing from the girl, or you can kill him... orrr you can kill the girl and rob her of all her gold) choice is yours.. question is which choice you will make???
game-hours: 90.8
review: Provides hours of fun! Great game alone or with workshop mods!
game-hours: 407.5
review: Best fliping game EVER
game-hours: 140.2
review: Never ending game that can take from you about half of your life and still not complited at all. By the way one of the best in TES series.
game-hours: 506.3
review: My most played game on steam, by far. Amazing thorough storyline, seemingly infinite side missions (I probably haven't even discovered them all) , and lastly the greatest mod community of all time, allowing you the range of simply tweaking a bow unsheath animation, to turning skyrim into a tropical desert (yes that exists), among THOUSANDS of other examples. The game is so unimaginably detailed it can't be criticized, there is something for EVERYONE in this game, whether it be riding horses in a meadow or sacrificing the unworthy to a demon God, and everything inbetween. Unlike ANY other game out there, price is not to be considered as a factor, you just HAVE to get Skyrim (if there isn't anyone left on Earth that hasn't yet bought it)
game-hours: 112.2
review: If you've not played Skyrim yet you are missing out. It's not just another fantasy game, like the games that came before it's an open world exploration game. The goal of the game is not just to finish the main quest line, but to explore the world and see what you can find. Exploration is where the game really shines, you can be lost for hours walking around the world and finding different and unique areas. Brave the crypts full of undead for special loot, walk along the frozen northern coast and maybe you'll find a wrecked ship home to bandits. Just walking through the world is exciting, a blizzard blows in and suddenly you're attacked by a sabretooth tiger, you're running through the blinding snow hoping to find a cave or building you can hide in. Combat is more of a mixed affair, Skyrim has a little bit of everything; melee, magic, archery and stealth, but you may find the lack of options can be slightly boring. There's no combo system, just a few different types of attacks depending on how you're moving and if you hold down the attack button when you're attacking. Combat magic consists of direct attacks, ground attacks, and summoned weapons. Archery consists of holding down your attack button to attack farther away. Stealth is used to get around tough monsters, or combines with archery or melee combat to give bonuses to your attacks Most of the time you won't be jumping into swarms of enemies, but where they do make you jump into swarms of enemies the combat is lacking. You may find yourself surrounded and your only option is to backup while swinging your weapon or casting a spell; Kratos you are not. While combat is lacking I would not say it's a big detriment to the game as the game does not revolve around constant combat. The vast majority of combat is one on one, and when you do come across multiple enemies you can always make your way around with a good use of stealth. The graphics are fairly good. Some textures up close do not look good, while others look amazing. The mountains look particularly good, covered in snow and generally looking imposing. Environmental effects like the aforementioned blizzard look amazing, not because they look like a real weather but because of the feeling they'll give you. When you're in a blizzard you'll feel like you're actually in a blizzard, the cold seems to seep into the room and you'll start to shiver. Weapons, armor and magic effects look great, with weapons and armor having many different unique looks to them. Of course not all is well. In the aforementioned blizzard I came across many people that looked more like they were out for a nice stroll than in the middle of the blizzard. Instead of the expected hunched over for warmth they walk through as though nothing is happening, and it's not just the nords doing it, it's everybody. As already mentioned some of the textures are rather bland, and distant areas can look rather ugly, although Bethesda did their best to avoid long stretches of empty space. Sound is great. There are many different tracks of music that will play during the game, all of which I enjoyed. Dragons roar from far away, the sound echoing through the mountains. Weapons clang, electric magic sounds sound like electricity, flame magic sounds like what you may imagine a flame thrower sounds like. Voice acting is significantly better than Oblivion, with many more voice actors. You'll still come across people that have their voice change though. What really makes the world though is how alive it is. Almost everything is intractable. Walk into a house and steal all the cups, walk through a field and pick flowers or catch butterflies. Every NPC that's not a monster has a schedule they follow, and not just a static schedule, one NPC may be told that during the day they need to just wander about town, while another may be told to find every caliper they can get their hands on. These types of interactions really bring the world alive, and nothing feels as though it's just a facade, everything feels real and alive.
game-hours: 129.9
review: Do I really need to say anything about this game? No. The answer is no. That's because every single person and their great-Grandmother has heard of Skyrim, especially how good it is. With good reason, too. It is indeed a very fun game with quite a lot to do, especially since the Steam Workshop integration allows for a whole plethora of different experiences. Want to ride around on a dragon dressed as a Space Marine wielding a lightsaber in one hand and a Chainsword in the other? Then bugger me sideways you're in for a treat. Of course, some people like their games to remain lore friendly. There's plenty of mods like that too, I guess. The main story isn't much to really say about. Go places, do stuff, get rewards such as weapons and shouts and boom, you've got some beastly arsenal to back yourself up with. However you could indeed tell Skyrim to go shove it as you run off to become an assassin instead. Or a thief. Or a Werewolf. Or a Vampire. Hell, the list goes on. As for the mods? -breathes in- Weapon mods, race mods, clothing mods, modded play homes, modded spells, addition mounts, different mechanics, improved graphics, realism mods, location mods, additional enemies, companion mods... Hot damn, this stuff's endless. Really you could just play this game forever and still have stuff to do. I give it a thumbs up.
game-hours: 452.9
review: Hope you have a powerful computer when you get this because it will be realy boring if you don't. Its the visuals that matter
game-hours: 51.6
review: Nice rpg game. Huge open world with lot of deep storied fantastic locations.
game-hours: 414.8
review: As always a great keeping in line with it's prequels, and adding a lot of great stuff. With a huge world to discover, and plenty of opportunities, just go and explore and play as you enjoy to. Don't make the mistake I did and read too much about how to improve you're character on the forums, or you might get to the point where you'll way more powerful then anything you'll encounter, thus ruining you're game experience. I definitely recommend this game, with all it's expansions, and with all the mods out there, you'll have hundred's of hours to play and still be having new things to do and discover.
game-hours: 69.7
review: This game starts out all well and good. It looks decent, the soundtrack is nice, and the intro quest is exciting (the first time). After about 4 hours I started to really notice how shallow it was though. Every quest seemed to involve going into a cave to kill bandits/zombies and retrieve item x to give to person y. You can be good at everything in the world with one character, from the worlds deadliest assassin to the leader of a group of werewolf warriors to the archmage of a college of magic. The combat never strays far from clicking rapidly until your health runs low, downing a few potions, repeat. Harder difficulties only make combat take longer, it doesnt actually make it harder.That being said there is quite an extensive mod community and everything thats "wrong" with the game has been fixed and everything you could ever imagine can be added to your game. tl;dr: Is it fun? Yes (with mods)
game-hours: 33.0
review: As casual and slimlimed as it is, it's pretty awesome. Shame it's ended devolpement. 5/5
game-hours: 1.5
review: IT IS FUN
game-hours: 313.1
review: I can't even count how many hours I spent on just vanilla one on my xbox and then I made the greatest decision to buy it on Steam like I should have in the first place and with mods it is all completely new again. And the DLC adds a lot of content. 10/10 would ruin social life again
game-hours: 162.5
review: I love collecting the lusty argonian maid collection and putting them on all my bookshelves. I would recommend for the lizard love!
game-hours: 667.8
review: A modern classic. If you enjoy RPG's at all you owe it to yourself to give this game a try.
game-hours: 96.7
review: Phenominal RPG game that takes on a whole new look at the Elder Scroll series. Out of ten, this game should receive a 9.9.
game-hours: 210.0
review: Epic RPG! What's more important is that steam workshop makes installing mod become very easy and safety.
game-hours: 81.5
review: Epic gameplay and highly addictive... 10/10! :D
game-hours: 96.0
review: The Best Game that i have bought from the steam store! The graphics are just stunning and the gameplay experience was over my expectations!!!! To the people that are thinking of buying this game...GET IT NOW! :D Good Luck
game-hours: 163.3
review: I love this game. Its simple beauty lies in the amount of control the player has over how they play. Skyrim is a different game for each person, whether you like to play as a mage, a warrior, or a thief. With seemingly never-ending quests and objectives, you'll never grow bored of this game, because even if you can't find anything more to do, creating a new character creates an entirely new game and a new series of adventures. Trust me when I say it's really hard to get tired of this game. To top it off, the graphics are amazing, and Bethesda's new engine is gentle even to some underpowered systems. I can't recommend this game enough.
game-hours: 492.9
review: In total i have played 181 hours on the pc and a good 250 on console and if theres one thing i learned from 300+ hours of gameplay...It was probably the best 300 hours of time i ever wasted...that is until elder scrolls 6, I mean....I DIDNT SPOIL ANYTHING. NOTICE: all who have read this review are to be terminated under athority of bethesda code of conduct and are to be terminated by bethesda agents within the next 48 hours, and yes they have black suits sunglasses and an earpiece, and yes they will kick your door down like the bosses they are
game-hours: 31.6
review: Love this game! I stopped playing it though because of my PC's Graphic Card(ITS CRAP!). Just get the game and slay the dragon!
game-hours: 286.4
review: is good
game-hours: 51.0
review: sex on the beach
game-hours: 150.7
review: My personal GOTY 2011.
game-hours: 96.5
review: By far the best out of the Elder Scrolls series. It has so much to offer and will leave you occuiped for hours on end. The graphics coupled with the excellent combat system switching between physical damage and magic seamlessly brings the player to a new level of RPG'ing. On top of a "main" storyline, the side quests and stories have a lot to offer, especially to those who are veterans of the series. There's a reason Elder Scrolls game get GOTY... go get it!
game-hours: 65.1
review: great game and if you find it getting boring....steam workshop
game-hours: 356.1
review: This game is my life.
game-hours: 231.5
review: This game is awesome! For people who like RPG and dragons, this is one of the must buy games. The greatest part o the game is its system of leveling up and its skill tree that are smartly made by using the character actions as training, and the dungeons are interesting and provide the player a choice to build his own strategic way to do it, according to your character's skill and equipment. The number of items that you can interact with is unbelieveable, just keep in mind that it has some useless itens too. The scenes are greatly made with a lot of details. It worths every penny! But just to be fair there's a point in the game that should've be improved: "The difficult of the puzzles". You won't find any hard logical obstacle to get through, so it's kind an easy game, but still worth playing.
game-hours: 73.8
review: It's the first Bethesda game that actually a piece of the cake. The game has amazing Stories with good and bad missions and Long Gameplay! The Graphics is ok (There are games that has way better Graphics), Awesome and easy system, Huge Open-World, which is somewhere good, somewhere boring or even be bad. Recommended only for RPG Fans. 9.5/10 :)
game-hours: 231.0
review: Fairly decent game, especially with mods. Has a large open world, however most of the content is the same from dungeon to dungeon. Mods are pretty much a must in my opinion, as they do a number of things, from increasing the difficulty of higher levels, making it look much better, to fixing a number of broken or exploitable mechanics. I would recommend SkyUI at the very least to make the UI much more usable for someone in with a mouse.
game-hours: 18.8
review: Fus Ro Dah!
game-hours: 26.7
review: Probably one of my favorite games EVER. It's open world, full of magic, fights, dragons and it's beautiful! A lot of choices of who you want to be, gender and free to do what you want...if you can deal with the consequences of your choices, of course! The soundtrack makes everything even better!
game-hours: 15.5
review: This game is alot like pokemon. You make your way to a city and after a series of trials you are awared Lydia, your first follower. You can level up and get armor for your Lydia and let it fight other people. You can also trade your Lydia for another follower with diffferent skills. Lydia herself has no skills except almost getting killed several times a quest making her a good distraction. Adopt a lydia today and she comes with a free set of gear tand ons of room to carry around the crap you want to keep but don't want to have in your inventory.
game-hours: 218.4
review: This is a Keeper this game has given me hours if not Days of fun and keeps giveing more and more
game-hours: 308.0
review: Rating: Tubular, Dude! This game summs up all together a game that I would most like to play. It's got the lush landscapes ranging from Snowy ice caps to heated boggs, It's got the emmense gameplay that keeps you hanging on wanting to see more, and it even has the traditional Elder scrolls lag after you've downloaded too many CBBE mods. I simply love this game, and can't wait to see what else Bethesda can crap all over us to make money. Although, I'd rather play Super Mario brothers 2.
game-hours: 165.8
review: Ive spent 300 hour sin this game on Xbox and maybe 100 on pc, its still Worth my money today. If you like to kill dragons and Explore the big world of skyrim then this is the game for you
game-hours: 171.1
review: At the moment of writing this I have over 86 hours played in this game and still I'm not even near 50% of completion. Dragons, swords, bows, magic, being the chosen one in a land full of mistery, I mean, what else do you need in a game? The gameplay is perfect, the graphics are gorgeous - except for the ocassional shadow glitch, but nothing you can't fix with a mod -, and it has Steam Workshop for easy mod installation to make it even longer and better and prettier. Each DLC is worth every single cent, because it expands the gameplay A LOT, and by A LOT, take my word, I mean several hours more for you to spend on this game. Even though it has the bugs you can expect in a game developed by Bethesda - and yes, there are lots of bugs and glitches - you DON'T EVEN CARE because THE GAME IS SO ING AWESOME you'll not be paying attention to the bugs. And the best part is there are several unofficial and official patches in the Workshop that actually fix the bugs, so just browsing the Workshop for a few minutes is enough to get rid of them. A giant map, literally thousands of quests to do, skills to master, monsters to kill, books to read, dragons to slay, spells to learn, and places to explore, from dungeons to towns, a lot of replayability - believe me, you won't finish this game with only one character, you will be creating several to choose every single side possible in each conflict and making each choice you can to learn the whole story -, a magnificent lore, and the amount of mods available, make this game - along with its DLCs and expansions - one of the BEST GAMES EVER and a MUST BUY, from casual to hardcore gamers.
game-hours: 68.5
review: This game is........great...no no not great. AMAZING! It gives you so much to do! If it's slashing things all day or smithing armour you can do it. It gives so much oppourtunity. So many dungeons, Dragons, trolls, Foxes, and etc. You wotn be disapponted. I like to just screw around with the guards then go on a massacure. Yes, sounds crazy, well it's because I AM CRAZY!
game-hours: 46.3
review: got high on skooma
game-hours: 53.3
review: This is the best game I have ever played. PEROID!
game-hours: 10.0
review: Have played for many,many ours in console but Its time to go back to the start... in PC :D
game-hours: 189.5
review: I think I used to have friends... 10/10
game-hours: 137.1
review: I remember back when I had no idea what The Elder Scrolls was... ...Back when I had a life... Then I met wonderful, magical friends, that told me all about it and why I should play it as well. Me being me, I decided I had better things to do, like. Like.... Like uh..... Gosh darnit I bought Skyrim. Then it sat in my library for four months. Until one day I realized that I hadn't played it yet. I brushed off the dust, and opened that game. Mind = BLOWN. I entered a magical land filled with ponies and rainbows and all that happy stuff. No, well, not really. But let's just say that the day I opened the game, I no longer had a life. It was worth every single one of those 2999 pennies. Totes buy, 8.8/10. 9/10 would buy again. Me being the exception as I don't have a real income. As I said above, I have no life.
game-hours: 52.4
review: I was only lv 4. Bow in hand, I was sneaking up on Valtheim Towers. The one bandit guard lazily gazed at a cliff face. I snuck closer. Suddenly, the bandit yells out; "I'm going to enjoy looting your corpse!" My heart stops. Have I been seen? Will she cut me up? She runs away from me. Before I can react, the locked doors burst open. An orc sprints out, sword in hand, and he yells; "I'm going to enjoy counting your coin!" He sprints off in the same direction as the bandit guard. I sneak up on the tower- the doors spread wide open- and peek around the corner out of curiosity. The two bandits are on one side of the river, shouting threats; on the other side, a lone rabbit, busy not caring in the slightest about what's happening. There's a third bandit, an archer, on the ridge above the rabbit. He fires arrow after arrow, missing every time. I slowly sneak into the tower, dismantling every trap and carefully checking for loot. I finally arrive on the bridge. From below, I hear a shouted threat; the rabbit is still alive- but not for long. After a solid ten minutes of being all talk, one of the bandits is finally swimming across the river to finish off the rabbit and take its phat loot. She corners the rabbit, and with a quick slice, it's over. She begins swimming back to her post. I pull out my bow. With the bandit in my sights, I release an arrow. "This is for the bunny..." I whisper. In slow motion, the arrow arcs majestically through the air towards the bandit. Boom, right in the heart. In the middle of the river. Her body floats over a waterfall. 10/10 GOTY
game-hours: 184.2
review: I feel the biggest problem with this game is that the primary gameplay feature is exploration, except the world levels up as your character does. This includes the loot that you find as you adventure, so there are very few opportunities to find something interesting as you explore. There are a few locations that yield neat gear, like the Daedric shrines, but overall I find that this is one of the biggest problems with this type of RPG lately: you will always be fighting something your level and they will always drop something level appropriate. This mechanic dissolves the feeling of tension that should be part of exploring the unknown. The story arc also ramps up to epic levels too quickly, denying any feeling of having earned any prestige. I prefer the slow burn of something like Morrowind, where your humble beginnings provide context for your climb to becoming a mythical figure. I also find that there is too little diversity in the types of spells you can cast, and the melee mechanics. For a game that deals so much with swordplay, the melee feels vague and the crash of combat lacks any sense of feedback. The ragdoll physics also feel weightless; bodys are merely hollow forms with no mass that sail through the air before sliding down the rugged landscape like greased sleds. These issues often turn a serious high fantasy adventure into an unintentional comedy. I'm not saying that this is a bad game by any means, in fact I strongly recommend it. However, when I compare the story arc and game mechanics to something like Fallout 3, I feel like alot of the intelligence and pacing was replaced with instant gratification so the game would better appeal to the average joe. In closing, comparing Skyrim to Morrowind feels like comparing Dragon Age: Origins to Baldur's Gate 2. One is visually superior, but all of that visual polish can not make up for removing the features and stoytelling that provide so much richness to the experience.
game-hours: 180.2
review: Best RPG ever!!! But seriously, the story line is really good no mather what people say to try and make it sound typical but really it's unique and immersive, with so much side quest's that will keep you playing forever with an amazing modding community. The Graphic's are amazing even if you can't afford to run an enb for this huge open world game and you will never get bored with all the mod's avaible.. An action packed RPG for anyone. It is the greatest addition to The Elder Scrolls Series.
game-hours: 107.9
review: *Warning* This game will take away months off your life and destroy your social life. *Play at Own Risk* This game is one of the best single player RPGs ever created along with Oblivion and Morrowind and will offer you 5000+ hours of gameplay and community mods guarantee endless replayabilliy value. 11/10
game-hours: 154.1
review: I Believe that the Elder Scrolls: Skyrim is one of the best games I've ever played. This game has An unlimited amount of detail, fun, and story. Even more counting the DLC and the Steam Workshop. This game can easily top many games that will be made in the future that are "supposedly" more advanced. Whenever a new open world RPG is released they just do the same thing that Skyrim does but with less detail. I hope the next sequels of the Elder Scrolls franchise will maintain the Fantastic feel as the one you get playin Skyrim.
game-hours: 62.2
review: I'm sure you know why I'm recommending this
game-hours: 54.9
review: Well, first of all this is a review, meaning it's my personal, subjective opinion of this game. So please keep that in mind before attempting to make a negative comment with bad language. Thanks. Second to mention, this game is absolutely overrated and overhyped. The Good: - Even on my not-so-leet-machine this game runs pretty good and solid. Only crashed twice in 50+ hours of gameplay. - The game itself, which will serve an insane amount of play hours. - The amount of details (books to read) and things to discover is insane. - The replayability. Dozens, if not hundreds or more combinations to build your character. - For any price below 15 Euro it's worth every penny. - The voice acting and overall presentation is superb. The Bad: - Game seems sometimes a bit unpolished and clunky. But only sometimes. I play with the help of the UESP Wiki which states that a lot of quest can be stuck because of bugs. I personally haven't encountered so far any of those, though. The Ugly and the things that kinda ruins it: - Your actions in Skyrim don't seem to affect anything in any way. No matter what fraction you choose, you'll end up doing all the quests (more to that in the following point), get mediocre equipment and that's it. I hoped to be (in the end) an overpowered thief / assassin after completing the quests from the Thieves' Guild and The Dark Brotherhood? Nada. You don't even get great equipment or stuff. You even can join fractions which are hostile to each other and nobody seems to bother. Killing everything or doing anything, nothing seems to change. RPG? No, more like a game with endless possibilites, only that nothing matters. - The quests are very repetitive and purposely serve to to prolong gameplay time. You always have to (for example) find a item at the complete other side of the map and your actions are not connected, meaning your actions in Skyrim don't matter. And the quests are absolutely dull; for example to get a final achievement for the Thieves Guild, you have to do 125 (!) quests and every single one of them is the same. Steal a thing, place a stolen thing, change numbers in a book. After stealing 20 times in a row the same object you kinda loose it (no pun intended). - The leveling system is WAY to prolonged. I don't mind spending a lot of hours in a game, especially a RPG, but come on, one has to spent a whole eternity to actually become a badass character in even one skill. By the time you're (for example) a 100 level Marskman you've already finished all the fractions you're interested in. - The necessity of mods. I don't know WHAT stuff the developers smoked during testing, but the interface of this game is probably the definitively worst I have ever encountered. Even after installing the mod SkyUI its HORRIBLE and slow as hell. Absolutely horrible. Like I mentioned in the beginning, this game is completely overhyped and overrated in every aspect. In conclusion this game tries to have and be anything, but isn't. It's like jack of all trades, master of none. Still, if you have 15 bucks left, buy it.
game-hours: 580.6
review: When I played Skyrim for the first time, I was blown away by the attention to detail, and the vast variety of quests and locations to discover. To those who treat Morrowind like it is the holy game, take those nostalgia goggles off! Seriously, this game has not been dumned down. Skyrim has improved on many features which Morrowind and Oblivion first implemented. My favourite part of the game is interactibility, while my least favourite part of Skyrim are the amount of glitches. Not gamebreaking, just annoying. 9.5/10
game-hours: 48.8
review: If this game had a  id bury my  in it. Actually, there's probably sex mods, so brb, 1000+ hours sexing on record inc
game-hours: 246.4
review: Skyrim may be the game with most glitches that bethesda has done but that doesn't remove it's beauty and memorable enviroment. My likings of this game wasn't because of the main story nor the sidequests. I like it because it gives you the opportunity to choose whatever you want to be and do. Morrowind did the same and oblivion but they didn't have that detailed enviroment that i crave. Nostalgic elder scrolls gamers hate skyrim because it is light for the gamer and remains easy, i find it easy aswell even on higher difficulties. But let's not forget that you want to have power in a world like this and you want to rule. If you reach level 20 ingame then you are all set for kings road in skyrim. The game offers alot of quests which can give you up to 100+ gameplay depending on how fast you are going through them, of course that's just quest hours aswell. When i play i like to run around and discover the world blindly. I have played through the game 2 times and now i am on my third walkthrough. I have tried going Mage and Warrior and now i am focusing Archery (which is extremely good) and every walkthrough has been an adventure even though i have seen it all before. I have approximately 190+ hours on the game. If you want that beauty and peace in a game then you should get skyrim, it will rock your world! If you are an oldschool gamer that likes challenge and hard work to get things done i recommend Morrowind/Oblivion. Although i didn't find Oblivion that challenging it's definately more challenging than Skyrim and it also has the best dlc ever created (According to myself) "Shivering Isles" where you get to met the prince of madness, Sheogorath! Of course i recommend all 3 games if you are a variety gamer but mostly Oblivion and Skyrim since i am a relaxed gamer that doesn't wanna do too much in order to get my reputation in a game. ;) Hope this review can help you on your purchase! Have a good day.
game-hours: 82.0
review: If u want a game with great graphics, Intense Story telling if you choose too, a massive amount of side quests, slay massive monsters or cause trouble among castles, a character completely unique, and a massive open world map for you, then this is the game :)
game-hours: 143.0
review: With mods, it makes a solid game (excluding the various bugs) even better, yet it leaves much to be asked for.
game-hours: 6.0
review: Have It On The PS3 Also And I Have Over 500 Hours On PS3.... I Havent Seen The Sun In Months... Please Send Help... This Game Is To Addicting And Is Just To Awesome Not To Get
game-hours: 39.8
review: The Elder  are High: Gayrim
game-hours: 141.4
review: buy it is asome
game-hours: 22.6
review: Ever dreamt about a fantasy novel coming alive, without the really cheap plastic weapons and bag cg effects, that is what Skyrim is to me, a world I wish I could live in. We waited a long time for Skyrim but it was worth it, the Elder Scrolls series never fails to take over your life, anyone who games has to play Skyrim, even if they are a FPS monkey it has to be tried.
game-hours: 428.7
review: Once all the hype died down and I started replaying Skyrim I noticed a lot of flaws with the game that weren't apparent to me when I initially played it. While the gameplay of Skyrim is a necessary improvement over Oblivion and Fallout it just lacks a lot of depth that even Oblivion had. The lack of classes really makes every character you play as feel similar, and the lack of restrictions or stats means you can play a Thief in heavy armor and justify it by the game just not caring. Indeed the questlines are interesting the first time around but the lack of the ability to fail them or indeed decide an alternate route makes them really tedious the second or third time. It makes them feel very shallow, and it doesn't help there's only maybe 7 of them before you are automatically promoted to the head of the specific guild you joined. The game's pretty great the first time you play it but I really don't look upon Skyrim as well as I used to. The shallow content really rings true once you've tried replaying the game and the interesting dungeon aesthetic only points out how you go in a straight line in all of them.
game-hours: 46.4
review: awesome
game-hours: 167.1
review: Skyrim is an absolutely outstanding RPG. I'm 166 hours in and still haven't beaten it because I keep getting distracted by all of the side quests, caves, and dungeons. It's even better once you start modding it and adding things like even higher resolution textures and more dramatic, dynamic weather.
game-hours: 370.3
review: It's like real medieval Norway but with dragons!
game-hours: 128.9
review: This game is just phenomenal, have great story and surrounding and so many things you can do either in questing or in the world of skyrim. This game is must buy for every single RPG fan.
game-hours: 1137.1
review: Decent game, but the PC version isn't without console-ridden features that annoy mouse/keyboard users like myself. Hopefully a modder will address this issue. Skyrim in no way threatens Morrowind goty as my all-time favorite Elder Scrolls game. There is some fun to be had in Skyrim but be warned it's very streamlined and built for the masses instead of niche open world RPG lovers specifically. The price at $60 is a bit steep but you can get many hours out of this game, despite bugs and streamlining, and numerous annoying console-esque run-ins with the interface/menu.
game-hours: 693.2
review: Thanks to the modding community, I'm nowhere close to being tired of this game.
game-hours: 572.2
review: BESTIST GAME EVARRR
game-hours: 290.6
review: Great Game 5 Stars, kept me busy for a long time.
game-hours: 257.2
review: dargons and  yo
game-hours: 31.6
review: 32 hours in, yet to kill my first dragon, and I think I'm just about ready to start the game proper. Content rich much?
game-hours: 96.6
review: This game is utterly stunning and I am able to run it on medium with shader mods and advanced world mods when I my laptop only has 4GB ram and a duel core prossesor :D I got so caught up in the free roam and doing whatever the hell I want that I have played (At this time) 19 hrs of the game and have only just learnt fus ro (roh) so yea... Get this game :P
game-hours: 141.4
review: What can I really say that you don't already know? If you don't/ haven't owned this game yet, you should probably go jump off a cliff... in-game, once you buy this... because of my review.
game-hours: 50.9
review: Skyrim is one of the best games i have ever played. The modding community adds humour and graphics to amazing to describe.
game-hours: 31.1
review: Oh Skyrim, with your wondrous landscapes and your lovely wildlife and inhabitants. Skyrim is an excellent game with SO much to do. Become a thief, a warrior, anything you wanna be. You can do all the quests you want or go around each town and slaughter everyone. The possibilities are (relatively) endless. My only qualm about the game is the menu system in-game. It seems a little clunky at times and annoying having to scroll through heaps of items sometimes just to get one thing. Luckily there are mods out there for that, and I definitely recommend them should you feel the same way
game-hours: 164.7
review: In their toung,He is Dovahkiin,DRAGONBORN! FUS RO DAH!
game-hours: 1027.7
review: I love this game! Making stuff, like you do in Minecraft, but amazing scenery & lots of quests.
game-hours: 498.2
review: I recommend this game for anyone who likes fantasy and magic. The moment I saw this game I knew I was going to like it because I have always liked Bethesda games and by far, this one was the best!!
game-hours: 198.2
review: With Mods you can keep playing for years
game-hours: 403.2
review: Everyone knows this is the best game ever made and if you think otherwise then you are wrong. This is an open world action RPG, It is my favourite game by far and only the next sequel can ever top it. You start off as a prisoner who's about to be beheaded, from there you create your character from a variety of different races (human or beast) There is endless customization with what you can create and how realistic you character will look if you use mods, you don't have to because without this will still be your favourite game experience ever, but i don't see why not because it's simple to download mods from the nexus with just a few clicks and if you don't want to do that then you can easily browse the workshop from your library and install mods with a click of a button, that's what has kept this game so fun for so long and it will never get boring or old. There's various factions throughout the game you can join and become leader of, you can even become a werewolf or a vampire, the characters are all unique and loveable and you can have followers and even get married to your favourite ones, You can craft armor and weapons, enchant them, upgrade them, you can create potions, you can have your own home in this game, you level up and gain skill points to build the type of character you want, you can make a perk legendary when it get's to 100 so you level endlessely, there's always a rewarding amount of loot in each cave or dungeon you clear, i could go on forever, even just standing in the town enjoying the view of the lake is enjoyable in this game! The possibilitys with this game because of mods are endless, there's no need in other games when this game has EVERYTHING you could think of Seriously you have to buy it, if you want a game you will never get bored of, be easy to go back to whenever you want, never 100% complete because there's to much to do, then buy Skyrim
game-hours: 85.2
review: I climbed up a tree with my horse.
game-hours: 330.9
review: If you need a review to tell you to get this game, this is it. I started on xbox then moved to PC. Skyrim is, well, too much awesome to put in words. It is a masterpiece on its own, and one continually in the making. The reason I say it is continually, is the modding community. The modding community has added so much replay value to an already amazing game. For example, the Unofficial Skyrim patch is a community effort to make all of the official Skyrim and DLC bug-free, and it has fixed tens of thousands of things. Not to mention all the mod choices out there. You can have ones that change gameplay, add spells, armour, weapons, houses, add entirely new stories and quest lines, make the game 4x the quality of the HD DLC, or help you run it on an older machine. There are simply too many to mention here, but if you are looking for something, chances are there is already a mod out there for it. As for DLC, they are all excellent. I recommend them all, but I especially have a love for Dawnguard. Probably because it was the first I owned.
game-hours: 469.4
review: What more is there to say? It's Skyrim. Games like this come along only once in a long, long while. Games so vast in scale, so magnificent in their feel, so awe-inspiringly amazing that they define a generation of games, that they revolutionize the way we make, see and play games. This is one of those. One of those games that will be remembered decades from now, recognized and heralded as a true masterpiece of gaming that paved the way and set the bar for all games after it. It's a game that is simply breathtaking. As soon as you enter it feels like an entire world has been wrapped around you. A whole world for you to explore, however you want and whatever path you choose to do so down. Get this game, because no other game will ever match Skyrim for a long, long time.
game-hours: 227.4
review: Fus Ro Da! This is the best game i have ever played! Thousands of times better than any large scale MMORPG such as World of Warcraft...The only thing this game is missing is a multiplayer system and this game is a perfect unbeatable one! Hopefully when The Elder Scrolls Online comes out...My hopes will come true...
game-hours: 179.9
review: Best Elder Scrolls game in the series. And the whole series is really good!
game-hours: 24.0
review: TESV Skyrim is the best open world RPG in gaming to date. The amount of freedom and openness is stunning, and the game is truly stunning if you have a graphics card capable of handling it. The mod community for this game is among the most active thorughout gaming, in spite of Skyrim's age. Mods are constantly being released and updated, allowing for nearly endless replayability. The main storyline is very good, but the sheer amount of dungeons and side quest will almost always attract your attention. You will likely spend hours traversing the wilds while dungeon crawling and hunting for loot. V Very few of the side quests feel like fetch quests. Each side quest has a uniqeness and fun all on its own. In addition to the main story and side missions, there are several unique factions that demand your services, each with its own fully fleshed storyline, characters, and perks. In conclusion, the world, errr Skyrim is your oyster filled to the brim with hundreds of hours of story, loot, and fun.
game-hours: 61.5
review: This game is fantastic.
game-hours: 65.5
review: It's like Oblivion, only with beliveable characters, and a good story, and fun gameplay, and unique locations to explore, and reasonable system requirements, and all those other things they forgot to put into Oblivion because they were too busy masturbating over shaders and poorly optimized textures. So it's like Oblivion only good.
game-hours: 39.7
review: 9.5/10 SICK AF, a little buggy.
game-hours: 106.2
review: Don't worry, I'm not going to spoil anything here - I'll steer clear of anything story-related beyond the premise. With another game, that would be tricky. With Skyrim, the stories that come from how the game works are often the best ones. It's a frozen nation, just to the north of where the previous game, Oblivion, took place. A pleasantly brief introduction sets up the plot: Skyrim is in the middle of a revolt, you've been sentenced to death, and dragons have just shown up. Good luck! At that point, you emerge from a cave into 40 square kilometres of cold and mountainous country, and that's it. Everything else is up to you. Even after spending hundreds of hours in Morrowind and Oblivion, the sense of freedom in Skyrim is dizzying. The vast mountains in every direction make the landscape seem limitless, and even after exploring it for 55 hours, this world feels huge and unknown on a scale neither of the previous two games did. Not all of the landscape is subzero, and even among the frosty climes there's an exciting variety: ice caverns that tinkle with dripping frost crystals, hulking mountains with curls of snow whipped up by the howling wind, coniferous forests in rocky river valleys. The mountains change everything. Wherever you decide to head, your journey is split between scrambling up treacherous rocks and skidding down heart-stopping slopes. The landscape is a challenge, and travel becomes a game. It's hard to walk for a minute in any direction without encountering an intriguing cave, a lonely shack, some strange stones, a wandering traveller, a haunted fort. These were sparse and quickly repetitive in Oblivion, but they're neither in Skyrim: it's teeming with fascinating places, all distinct. It was 40 hours before I blundered into a dungeon that looked like one I'd seen before, and even then what I was doing there was drastically different. These places are the meat of Skyrim, and they're what makes it feel exciting to explore. You creep through them with your heart in your mouth, your only soundtrack the dull groan of the wind outside, to discover old legends, dead heroes, weird artefacts, dark gods, forgotten depths, underground waterfalls, lost ships, hideous insects and vicious traps. It's the best Indiana Jones game ever made. The dragons don't show up until you do the first few steps of the game's main quest, so it's up to you whether you want them terrorising the world as you wander around. A world where you can crest a mountain to find a 40-foot flying lizard spitting jets of ice at the village below is a much more interesting one to be in. But fighting them never changes much: you can just ignore them until they land, then shoot them from a distance when they do. Your first dragon kill is a profound, weird moment. I rushed to the crashed carcass to loot it, then looked up. The whole town had come out to stand around and stare at the body, a thing as vast and alien to them as a T-rex in a museum. I tried shooting an ice bolt at it, just to demonstrate it was dead, and the force unexpectedly catapulted the whole thing violently into the distance. A beggar looked at me and said, "Oh sure, just throw your trash around." Your character gets better at whatever you do: firing a bow, sneaking up on people, casting healing spells, mixing potions, swinging an axe. There's always been an element of this practice-based system in Elder Scrolls games, but in Skyrim it's unrestricted - you don't have to decide what you're going to focus on when you create your character, you can just let it develop organically. That alone would feel a little too hands-off, but you also level up. When that happens, you get a perk point: something you can spend on a powerful improvement to a skill you particularly like. Every hour, you're making a major decision about your character's abilities. They're dramatic. The first point you put into Destruction magic lets you stream jets of flame from your hands for twice as long as before. As you continue to invest in one skill, you can get more interesting tweaks: I now have an Archery perk that slows down time when I aim my bow, and one for the Sneak skill that lets me do a stealthy forward roll. Again, the freedom is dizzying: every one of 18 skills has a tree of around 15 perks, and the range of heroes you could build is vast. I focused on Sneak to the point of absurdity - now I'm almost invisible, and I get a 3,000% damage bonus for backstabs with daggers. It's the play style I've always wanted in an RPG, but I've never been able to achieve it before. The enemies you encounter are, in some cases, generated by the game to match the level of your character. In Oblivion that sometimes felt like treading water: progress was just a stat increase, and your enemies kept pace. That doesn't apply now that your character is defined more by his or her perks, because the way you play is always changing. Levelled content is also just used less: at level 30, my most common enemies are still bandits with low-level weapons. And I still run into things too dangerous for me to tackle. Taking a narrow mountain path to a quest, something stops me in my tracks: a dragon roar. I check the skies - nothing, but I hear it again three more times before the peak. At the top I find a camp full of bodies, with a large black bear roaring over them. Hah. He's still more than I can handle in straight combat, but as he reaches me I use a Dragon Shout. It befriends any animal instantly, and he saunters casually away. Feeling slightly guilty, I stab him in the back before it wears off. Which is when the dragon lands, with an almighty crash, six feet from my face. I run. A roar of frozen air catches me in the back, but I keep going - over a ridge, down a short drop, and straight into a bandit. I dodge the bandit, straight into a Flame Atronarch. There are five more bandits behind it. The dragon is airborne. I throw myself off the mountain, several hundred metres into the river below. I plummet to the riverbed, and swim until I run out of breath. When I surface, the sky is alight with fireballs and flaming arrows, the dragon is spewing a stream of ice down on the bandits, and I'm laughing. The stealthy character I built in Skyrim would have been less fun in Oblivion. Whether you were detected was a binary and erratic matter. Skyrim cleverly gives you an on-screen indication of how suspicious your enemies are, and where they are as they hunt for you. It makes stealth viable even against large groups: if you're rumbled, you can retreat and hide. And there's a slow, methodical pace to it - long minutes of tension broken by sudden rushes of gratification or panic. Magic, meanwhile, has been given an incredible crackle of raw power. Emperor Palpatine would be a level one mage in Skyrim - unleashing two torrents of thrashing electrical arcs is literally the first trick you learn, and it doesn't even get you tossed into a reactor shaft. One tweak is a huge loss, though: you can't design your own spells. Oblivion's spellmaking opened up so many clever possibilities - now you're mostly restricted to what you can buy in shops. While we're on the negatives, physical combat hasn't improved much. There are cinematic kill moves when your enemy is low on health, but whether they trigger seems to be either random or dependent on whether the pre-canned animation fits into the space you're in. Too much of the time, you wave your weapon around and enemies barely react to the hits.
game-hours: 513.3
review: Being a fan of Bethesda games like fallout, and etc. I saw Skyrim instore and decided to give it a go, not having prior knowledge of previous elder scrolls game i jumped in the metaphorical deep end that was Elder scrolls Lore. I was greeted with a carriage ride towards certain death by Imperial dogs and then saved by the Antagonist of the series as he appeared in the nick of time before my head was about to get a swift decapitation. That my friends...As an intro for a video game is one i can respect, having the Antagonist save you and have your Decision to either follow a Stormcloak or an Imperial immediately challenged is really intresting to see how the game can piece it all together. As i said before i had no prior knowledge of Elder scrolls lore so as i played through the game reading the hundreds of books I learnt more about the lore and who i was. The Game itself had really beautiful visuals, the characters don't stare at you anymore like you have a piece of sweetroll left on your mouth and the background moves freely as you speek to NPC's. The story itself keeps you immersed in the world and has you on edge. The DLC's further increase the story with extra weapons, Dragon Shouts, enemies, lands and BLAH BLAH and you learn that Skyrim is just a baby considering the huge land of Tamriel. Long story short Skyrim has a really awesome plot and can keep you addicted for hours, learning all the mechanics of the game, even installing thousands of mods like weapons, armor or Skimpy armor for the female characters (If thats the way you play) or even a magic spell that turns people into chickens is Pardon my french F**ken awesome. The game can get very stale and boring if you play it too much, but the dlc's and mods help to keep the game fresh
game-hours: 3.6
review: spent lots of hours playing on xbox,pc version is way better and with steam workshop makes it 12 out of 10 'best rpg without a doubt,only thing that suks is no co-op,imagine playing this with friends
game-hours: 119.6
review: great game very addictive
game-hours: 12.3
review: Nice and realistic game . Everyone shoud try it :)
game-hours: 331.5
review: This is one of the time consuming games I've ever played, the lore is fantastic, the scenery is awe inspiring, and the amount of freedom it offers is unprecedented. If you've got the cash, get this game.
game-hours: 179.8
review: While the actual combat animations are not suberb there is no weight to any swings nor wump to any arrows etc the world is superbly detailed and the sheer possibility for stories is insane this game is really what you make of it. Oh and I havent even mentioned the modding community.
game-hours: 579.7
review: ()
game-hours: 345.1
review: Skyrim Is probably the most Beautiful Elder Scrolls games ever, and one of the best games ever. The map is fun to explore with many different characters to fall in love with. Its one of the only games I enjoy levelling up my Miscellanious skills (Blacksmithing speech etc.) You Are not a gamer if you never played a tleast one of the Elder scrolls games , so If you haven't, Skyrim is the place to Start. Although, not even a year after buying the game I found that I was heavily relying on different mods and DLC. The story is basically the same no matter what and even though there are some small choices, there isn't a lot for an RPG. The choices all lead to the same out come (just some different dialogue).
game-hours: 105.2
review: Skyrim is truly one of the best games I have ever played! It has endless hours of fun in the base game, plus a huge collection of mods and three massive expansions! If you haven't taken the plunge into TES 5, do it now!
game-hours: 20.2
review: Easily the greatest game I have ever played.
game-hours: 40.7
review: my gran was pro at skyrim before she embarked on a journey to find true peace and solitude with the greybeards please honour her and buy the game
game-hours: 213.3
review: This is hands down one of the greatest RPG's of all time..... The Elder Scrolls V has proven to still be one of the finest pieces of art Bethesda has published and is still proven to be a masterpeice nearly two years on. Whether you quest for weapons, armour or just seek adventure this game has it all. In terms of gameplay, while the combat may be seen in some eyes as 'crap', there are many mods available on the workshop to tweak your game to perfection. The PC edition runs much quicker than PS3/XBOX and is greatly obtimised. Loading times are minimal and even old computers can run this game fine which is incredible considering the sheer magnitude of the game. Sadly this game is only singleplayer but don't let that get to you. Talking about it with your friends is just as good :) You will never get bored with the simply hundereds of quests to complete. Perhaps you can make personal quests for finding mighty armour or slaying some annoying beasts. Maybe you just want to use a dragon shout to knock a giant off a cliff. Anything is possible. This game has proven to be in my top 3 favourite games ever made (which is saying something. I have A LOT of games). The game is cheaper than ever on steam and has such an amazing community helping out by making and testing mods, giving feedback ect. This game certainly is playable without mods (you are not obliged :D) however, there is something in the workshop for everyone. James Wood-Dedicated Nord with a big sword.
game-hours: 273.6
review: An immersive adventure that once you start your journey, you're likely not to stop for a very long time. Your path will be rife with bandits, vampires and their thralls, draugr, and of course; dragons. The fifth installment of The Elder Scrolls series does not disappoint with its sandbox atmosphere and myriads of modding capabilities. There exists a modification for almost every facet of Skyrim, enhancing your medieval experience. Skyrim is one of the crown jewels of my game collection and rightly so. There is so much pure content in this game, it is excusable for the tens of hours that it will take from you. Some may describe it as a timesink, but it is well worth it because for every hour you commit to the game, it takes you further along in your journey and leaves you aching for more. Skyrim is undoubtably one of the best games its generation, setting a precedent for future games that strive to outdo what it achieves. Skyrim is the one to beat. The score for the game is also fantastic, full of astoundingly great work by Jeremy Soule. The music that accompanies the events is very period; it goes perfectly with the atmosphere of Skyrim. Your heart will literally be left pumping as you fight dragons to the sound of One They Fear or Watch The Skies. And the music of Sovngarde gives a perfect tone to the afterlife of the Nords. Overall, Skyrim deserves all of the positive acclaim that it garners. It is setting a standard in the gaming world. And renewing the belief in myself that perhaps there is still hope for storytelling in video games. Pros: + Hours upon hours of gameplay. When you think you're done, you're not. + Customization. Great character customization, and with mods it reinforces this tenfold. + Modability + Skill System + No Classes + Dialogue between NPCs. There are always things going on. Cons: - Initial game physics are a little irritating in places. - At first, it was difficult to find where I was going on the map, but this may have been an individual issue. - So much to do that you don't know what to do. My main gripe. xD
game-hours: 91.3
review: It's nip twistin
game-hours: 75.9
review: It's Skyrim. Just go buy it.
game-hours: 48.4
review: Love it, can play play play, then leave it and come back again and again. love the mods you can get.
game-hours: 52.1
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a great game to play it has a fantastic story to play and it gets you hooked once you start playing
game-hours: 171.3
review: ,   .                    ..             )
game-hours: 113.5
review: Why wouldnt you buy this game?
game-hours: 162.2
review: Do you recommend this game? You bet I do.
game-hours: 91.5
review: Amazing game!Dragons,bandits,thiefs and much more!Everything about this game is awesome! 10/10-Badass seal of approval
game-hours: 870.0
review: mods.. just mods sweetrolls and dragons
game-hours: 179.9
review: Best Elder Scrolls game in the series. And the whole series is really good!
game-hours: 24.0
review: TESV Skyrim is the best open world RPG in gaming to date. The amount of freedom and openness is stunning, and the game is truly stunning if you have a graphics card capable of handling it. The mod community for this game is among the most active thorughout gaming, in spite of Skyrim's age. Mods are constantly being released and updated, allowing for nearly endless replayability. The main storyline is very good, but the sheer amount of dungeons and side quest will almost always attract your attention. You will likely spend hours traversing the wilds while dungeon crawling and hunting for loot. V Very few of the side quests feel like fetch quests. Each side quest has a uniqeness and fun all on its own. In addition to the main story and side missions, there are several unique factions that demand your services, each with its own fully fleshed storyline, characters, and perks. In conclusion, the world, errr Skyrim is your oyster filled to the brim with hundreds of hours of story, loot, and fun.
game-hours: 61.5
review: This game is fantastic.
game-hours: 65.5
review: It's like Oblivion, only with beliveable characters, and a good story, and fun gameplay, and unique locations to explore, and reasonable system requirements, and all those other things they forgot to put into Oblivion because they were too busy masturbating over shaders and poorly optimized textures. So it's like Oblivion only good.
game-hours: 39.7
review: 9.5/10 SICK AF, a little buggy.
game-hours: 106.2
review: Don't worry, I'm not going to spoil anything here - I'll steer clear of anything story-related beyond the premise. With another game, that would be tricky. With Skyrim, the stories that come from how the game works are often the best ones. It's a frozen nation, just to the north of where the previous game, Oblivion, took place. A pleasantly brief introduction sets up the plot: Skyrim is in the middle of a revolt, you've been sentenced to death, and dragons have just shown up. Good luck! At that point, you emerge from a cave into 40 square kilometres of cold and mountainous country, and that's it. Everything else is up to you. Even after spending hundreds of hours in Morrowind and Oblivion, the sense of freedom in Skyrim is dizzying. The vast mountains in every direction make the landscape seem limitless, and even after exploring it for 55 hours, this world feels huge and unknown on a scale neither of the previous two games did. Not all of the landscape is subzero, and even among the frosty climes there's an exciting variety: ice caverns that tinkle with dripping frost crystals, hulking mountains with curls of snow whipped up by the howling wind, coniferous forests in rocky river valleys. The mountains change everything. Wherever you decide to head, your journey is split between scrambling up treacherous rocks and skidding down heart-stopping slopes. The landscape is a challenge, and travel becomes a game. It's hard to walk for a minute in any direction without encountering an intriguing cave, a lonely shack, some strange stones, a wandering traveller, a haunted fort. These were sparse and quickly repetitive in Oblivion, but they're neither in Skyrim: it's teeming with fascinating places, all distinct. It was 40 hours before I blundered into a dungeon that looked like one I'd seen before, and even then what I was doing there was drastically different. These places are the meat of Skyrim, and they're what makes it feel exciting to explore. You creep through them with your heart in your mouth, your only soundtrack the dull groan of the wind outside, to discover old legends, dead heroes, weird artefacts, dark gods, forgotten depths, underground waterfalls, lost ships, hideous insects and vicious traps. It's the best Indiana Jones game ever made. The dragons don't show up until you do the first few steps of the game's main quest, so it's up to you whether you want them terrorising the world as you wander around. A world where you can crest a mountain to find a 40-foot flying lizard spitting jets of ice at the village below is a much more interesting one to be in. But fighting them never changes much: you can just ignore them until they land, then shoot them from a distance when they do. Your first dragon kill is a profound, weird moment. I rushed to the crashed carcass to loot it, then looked up. The whole town had come out to stand around and stare at the body, a thing as vast and alien to them as a T-rex in a museum. I tried shooting an ice bolt at it, just to demonstrate it was dead, and the force unexpectedly catapulted the whole thing violently into the distance. A beggar looked at me and said, "Oh sure, just throw your trash around." Your character gets better at whatever you do: firing a bow, sneaking up on people, casting healing spells, mixing potions, swinging an axe. There's always been an element of this practice-based system in Elder Scrolls games, but in Skyrim it's unrestricted - you don't have to decide what you're going to focus on when you create your character, you can just let it develop organically. That alone would feel a little too hands-off, but you also level up. When that happens, you get a perk point: something you can spend on a powerful improvement to a skill you particularly like. Every hour, you're making a major decision about your character's abilities. They're dramatic. The first point you put into Destruction magic lets you stream jets of flame from your hands for twice as long as before. As you continue to invest in one skill, you can get more interesting tweaks: I now have an Archery perk that slows down time when I aim my bow, and one for the Sneak skill that lets me do a stealthy forward roll. Again, the freedom is dizzying: every one of 18 skills has a tree of around 15 perks, and the range of heroes you could build is vast. I focused on Sneak to the point of absurdity - now I'm almost invisible, and I get a 3,000% damage bonus for backstabs with daggers. It's the play style I've always wanted in an RPG, but I've never been able to achieve it before. The enemies you encounter are, in some cases, generated by the game to match the level of your character. In Oblivion that sometimes felt like treading water: progress was just a stat increase, and your enemies kept pace. That doesn't apply now that your character is defined more by his or her perks, because the way you play is always changing. Levelled content is also just used less: at level 30, my most common enemies are still bandits with low-level weapons. And I still run into things too dangerous for me to tackle. Taking a narrow mountain path to a quest, something stops me in my tracks: a dragon roar. I check the skies - nothing, but I hear it again three more times before the peak. At the top I find a camp full of bodies, with a large black bear roaring over them. Hah. He's still more than I can handle in straight combat, but as he reaches me I use a Dragon Shout. It befriends any animal instantly, and he saunters casually away. Feeling slightly guilty, I stab him in the back before it wears off. Which is when the dragon lands, with an almighty crash, six feet from my face. I run. A roar of frozen air catches me in the back, but I keep going - over a ridge, down a short drop, and straight into a bandit. I dodge the bandit, straight into a Flame Atronarch. There are five more bandits behind it. The dragon is airborne. I throw myself off the mountain, several hundred metres into the river below. I plummet to the riverbed, and swim until I run out of breath. When I surface, the sky is alight with fireballs and flaming arrows, the dragon is spewing a stream of ice down on the bandits, and I'm laughing. The stealthy character I built in Skyrim would have been less fun in Oblivion. Whether you were detected was a binary and erratic matter. Skyrim cleverly gives you an on-screen indication of how suspicious your enemies are, and where they are as they hunt for you. It makes stealth viable even against large groups: if you're rumbled, you can retreat and hide. And there's a slow, methodical pace to it - long minutes of tension broken by sudden rushes of gratification or panic. Magic, meanwhile, has been given an incredible crackle of raw power. Emperor Palpatine would be a level one mage in Skyrim - unleashing two torrents of thrashing electrical arcs is literally the first trick you learn, and it doesn't even get you tossed into a reactor shaft. One tweak is a huge loss, though: you can't design your own spells. Oblivion's spellmaking opened up so many clever possibilities - now you're mostly restricted to what you can buy in shops. While we're on the negatives, physical combat hasn't improved much. There are cinematic kill moves when your enemy is low on health, but whether they trigger seems to be either random or dependent on whether the pre-canned animation fits into the space you're in. Too much of the time, you wave your weapon around and enemies barely react to the hits.
game-hours: 108.3
review: Awesome :>
game-hours: 51.4
review: 10/10. Logged in 340 hours into the Xbox version, and now I am ready to log in even more time with the PC version. That's thanks to mods. Not to mention I got the legendary edition for $20 freaking dollars!
game-hours: 90.7
review: Stole all the keys 10/10
game-hours: 11.0
review: Bir Daar Kred! (the dragon shout for buy this game, I'm not kidding look it up.)
game-hours: 177.7
review: Skyrim is an RPG like no other. The amount of content is incredible, and with mods, infinite. The gameplay is smooth and immersive & if you haven't played it yet, you're missing something great.
game-hours: 11.6
review: AWESOME GAME
game-hours: 156.2
review: Hands down the biggest, baddest dungeon crawlinest Elder Scrolls game to date. Between modding and the steam workshop, the game has been expanded to include a rediculous amount of updrades to the lighting, textures, AI, NPCs, models, weapons, UI, and some even add entirely new locations and quests for hours of extra gameplay. A must have for anyone who enjoys RPGs.
game-hours: 431.9
review: Pretty Fun. Who doesn't wanna be the Freaking DragonBorn And kill anyone you want?
game-hours: 136.9
review: I don't know how to put it in words but this is one of the best games I've ever played. And with the mods you can do just about whatever the  you want.
game-hours: 3.0
review: One of the most beautiful, immersive and epic games of all time. In fact, it's THE most. There are no contenders. It almost feels like a waste of time recommending Skyrim, because anyone with a machine capable of playing it is likely to have done so already. Some of the mods are also well worth installing if your setup can run them, including retextures, graphics extenders and more detailed character creation. Goodbye real world, Tamriel is much more appealing!
game-hours: 848.3
review: do you have a life? do you have a loved one? do you have anything? no? PLAY THIS GAME!
game-hours: 71.2
review: So dank.
game-hours: 500.4
review: Just epic game, gameplay, music, crafting, building, story\multithreading, dialogues, MODS! There is no duch thing that you can't do in this game. 10\10
game-hours: 287.6
review: With the right mods, this is by far one of the greatest games ever released.
game-hours: 224.5
review: Fun game.
game-hours: 83.3
review: Yes but i have found a bug where it gives you the dlc when you do not own them and if you use anything from the dlc and save you can nolonger play that save till you get the dlc so i can not play anymore till i get dawnguard
game-hours: 75.7
review: do anything u want in this game 99/10
game-hours: 175.7
review: The best RPG of the last 2-3 years. That's all. ------------------------------     2-3 . .
game-hours: 225.8
review: This is without hesitation the best game I have ever played. The feeling, the atmosphere, the beauty, the harsh cold, the dragons, the music, everything! It's just a 10/10 game that you can play for years continuously without getting bored because there's so much to do. You can roleplay and do like a village-live sort of thing (my God, do I love doing that), you can be a trading merchant, buy a horse, be an adventurer (which the game is all about, of course), become a vampire, a werewolf, a thief, an assassin. You can go to Sovngarde, where all the nords who died in battle go, slay dragons, you can basically do anything you can imagine in this game. I recommend getting the Dragonborn and Hearthfire DLC for this game aswell as they add alot of really fun and cool stuff to the game. If you are a RPG fan then this game is without a doubt the game for you.
game-hours: 13.5
review: Skyrim is the 5th installment in the Elder Scrolls series. I've played it on console and it is smooth and has very few bugs. The PC version is basically an expansion pack; you can download mods and have hilarious battle with a My Little Ponie Avatar against Thomas the Tank Engine! BUY THIS GAME!!!!
game-hours: 223.8
review: Wow! Skyrim is definitely living up to the ES series expectations! This is a great game with almost endless possiblities in game to keep you entertained, be sure to look into any sales going on!
game-hours: 281.5
review: Awesome game especially with cool mods everyone HAS To get this!
game-hours: 115.6
review: Possibly greatest RPG game ever.
game-hours: 589.5
review: What else do I have to say besides one of the most addicting games on the planet!!!!!!
game-hours: 5.6
review: no. spears.
game-hours: 105.2
review: EVERYONE GET THIS GAME
game-hours: 49.3
review: One of the manliest RPG games on the planet duh you have to buy it!
game-hours: 501.8
review: if you love a game full of adventure and modding along with blasting ppl with a shout this is a game for you xD
game-hours: 98.5
review: Skyrim is probably one of my favorite games of all time. This open-world fantasy game is the fifth installment in the known and loved Elder Scrolls series. After playing Elder Scrolls three and four (Morrowind and Oblivion), I absolutely had to get this game when it first came out. In any case, this game was so amazing that when I got the Elder Scrolls Anthology, I literally made a new steam account for it. Which is this account..... This is now my primary account. There is so much I could talk about with this game, but I wanna focus on these things: The Evolved Combat System This new open world to explore Playing how you want to The Evolved Combat System: Since the previous Elder Scrolls games, the combat system in Skyrim had highly evolved. It sorta ties in with the last topic I wanna hit. This is because of how much freedom is given to the player with the combat system. Skyrim introduced a dual wielding system, this allows the player to use two single-handed weapons at once, as well as two spells, staves, and so on. This brought a huge change and costumization theme to the game. How one wants to fight is now more based on their preferences. I feel like this is a big step up from being locked into a sword and a shield in Oblivion. The only annoying thing about this, is the fact that one cannot wield a spell as well as two other things at one time anymore. I understand why this was done, but it resembles more of a step back than a step forward. Moving on.... Open World Exploration: The world of Skyrim is packed with content, and cannot be completed easily. There is so much to this world. Tundras, Caves, Mountains, Forests, Plains, Volcanoes (Dragonborn DLC), and so on. That's not all. These places are usually packed with careful detail, and are made to be visually appealing. Skyrim is generally a visually appealing game, because of its nice graphics and attention to detail. Anyways, back to the main point. Skyrim is full of quests, factions, and things to do. There is no way to finish all the in-game quests in one play through. Many decisions alter what quests you can recieve, and this makes the game quite replayable. The game also does not punish you for exploring and fooling around on the vast lands of Skyrim. Mods are also available for Skyrim, expanding it quite nicely along with its original content. In any case, this game won't get boring for a while. Play like you want to: Skyrim is one of the only games to truly give a player freedom over many things. In Skyrim, making a character to suit your playstyle is not hard. In fact, player customization is a big part of the game. Being able to choose what you want, and how you want it is one of the things that makes this game a masterpiece. With classes removed, the player doesn't have to pick a certain skill set and stay with it. They can choose what they want and design something customized for themselves. Also changing a character to become a different kind is easy. If you choose to make your character one way, you can still go back and change it whenever you feel like it. The amount of freedom given to the player in this game is far greater than in any other game. It's amazing. Get this game. You won't regret it.
game-hours: 52.0
review: As someone who had never played a TES game before, this was a very fun experience. I had never given RPGs a chance until this game. It sucks you in and the modding scene just adds so much more to it.
game-hours: 116.5
review: Review This Game Yu know what why this game good cause this game can mod the mission not make me boreding buy this this is so epic !!!!
game-hours: 288.4
review: Skyrim is glorious. Yes. It is. My first character has logged almost 300 hours into the game. On my first playthrough. I have to admit that this is the first Elder Scrolls game I actually sat through from start to finish and attempted to explore every single cave, location and gather as many books as possible. I love books. A lot. They are great. My entire playthrough was livestreamed on Twitch.tv and looking back there are a lot of fond memories that I have created during my time spent in Skyrim. The storyline is enjoyable, but over too quickly. So being the type of gamer I am, I did as many side quests as I could before progressing further into the game. That way it felt like a longer journey and it wasn't over so fast. That's how I play. Skyrims visuals are standard at this day and age. Mods really do kick up the visuals and make them look beautiful, with ENB, HD retextures and added visual features which highlight the fact that it's the modding community which have made Skyrim what it is today. I played Skyrim on a vanilla playthrough but I realised I could not do without a couple of mods to fix the game in order to make it playable. (Combat music fix, skyrim script extender, Skryim User Interface i.e. SkyUI etc). Anyhow, I digress. The gameplay is very addictive, crafting is enjoyable as is upgrading weapons. Enchantment is BRILLIANT and exploration is a solid 10/10. Yes, I loved exploring Skyrim as the world offers so many new things to see. Please, buy this game. It's always on sale and definitely worth it. The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim along with all of the DLC installed makes this a truly great RPG, one which you will keep coming back to play all the time :)
game-hours: 106.5
review: I have a dream... that one day I will see the ending of Skyrim.
game-hours: 159.2
review: 10/10 I have no social life since I play this game.
game-hours: 549.1
review: If you're not playing Skyrim what is wrong with you?
game-hours: 295.1
review: THIS GAME IS SOOOOOOO  LIKE OMFG DERZ NOT EVN GUNZ IN IT LIK CAUL OFF DOODY ANYONE WHO SAYS THIS GAME IS GOOD ARE A ING RETART IF YOU LIKE REAL GAMZ PLAY COD IT IS SO GOOD AND LOOKS WAY MORE GRAPHICLY SEXY THIS PECE OF !!1!!!! PLUS IT RUNS LIKE  ON MY 1998 WINDOWS 97 LAPTOP WITCH IS TEH MOST POWERFULLL COMPUUTOR THER IS!!!!1! AND THE STORIE LIN IS SO ING IDIOTIK THER ARE NO SUKH THNG AS DRAONGS BUT OBVIOSSLY THERE ARE GIAUNT MILATARIE ROBOTZ THAT CAN KILL MUSLIMS FROM 100000000000000000000000 MILES AWAY SO STOP CALL ING DIS XCUS 4 A GAM GUDDDDDD! (Side note: skyrim is ing amazing get it and i love muslims. Please don't bomb my house.(Side note in a sidenote: just kidding))
game-hours: 181.0
review: Best game I have ever played. If you have money buy this. If you don't you HAVE to save some and buy.
game-hours: 771.2
review: So fare, this game is the ONLY game I have played with alot of blood in it... I'm sure I'll be changing my mind soon
game-hours: 47.8
review: Want hours apon hours of hacking, slashing, magic and betting your virginity for gallons of skooma? This is the game for you ~Skrim 4 Eva~
game-hours: 140.6
review: Lyke Farcry wth swords,
game-hours: 54.5
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim A game with a kickass story that you probably won't get around to finishing until you've finished fooling around with cheese wheel avalanches, sweetroll robberies and a lot of random murders. Yes..random murders. A game where modding addiction is a real serious thing. Seriously. I tried to pick up a spoon at home, subconsciously trying to press E and i realized that i was nowhere near my damn PC and this was the real life. The game alone, how it was made and despite all the bugs, is very enjoyable. You can sink a ton of hours just looking around, exploring, immersing yourself in the skyrim environment and the radiant quests. Character customization is better than it was in Oblivion but can be further enhanced by mods. Basically the whole vanilla experience of Skyrim is superb and it is improved by the addition of mods. The Voice acting cast seems to have expanded as compared to Oblivion. The guards still assume someone stole my sweetroll. There is apparently a sweetroll thief on the loose. There isn't much else to say. Its a great game. If this review isn't enough to convince you to get the game, watch a few playthroughs, read more reviews, ask your friends, ask their friends, ask strangers on the internet and then decide. If that is still not enough or you just don't wanna pay full price (that is completely understandable by the way.) Wait for a good sale but i tell you, it is well worth full retail price. 10/10 I am no longer considered criminal scum. Now I am that which has committed crimes against Skyrim and her people.
game-hours: 35.9
review: I can feel tht half of my soul have been trap in this world! Once u start playing....Say GOODBYE to your previous game because u might not play them anymore......THIS game is worth for 59.99!! Everything in this game is almost PERFACT!! Grapghic,Song,Theme,Gameplay,Environment,storyline and whatever in this game! Thanks for my FRIEND out there(Lim Dong Yun) because he gave me this SUPERIOR AWESOME game XD
game-hours: 262.4
review: i like it i think
game-hours: 29.4
review: great Game 10/10
game-hours: 95.8
review: this game is a real beuty of the rpg genre. It has great stories, graphics and secrets, so you can really just never stop playing it! I have got over 90 hours bon record, and i still haven't finished it. I would recemoend legendry edition. If you are a fan or elder scrolls, you will love it and want to replay arena, daggerfall morrowind and oblivion. If you are new to the series, you will fall in love with this game and its series. if you get bored of it, go away for a while and then come back, and you will love it upon rediscovering it. You will never get bored of this badass game! I know i did! 100/100!
game-hours: 90.7
review: This game, is a work of art. the minuscule detail gone into this game from the very start. Books containing history of tamriel, exchanges to and from little people. Even the character configuration allows for major tweaking. The map is massive, the combat system easy to master, and the AIs of enemys is amazing. Skyrim, is bethesda at its finest, the sheer content keeps one such as myself entertained for hours, and the DLCs even more. From experience Id recommend hearthfire to begginners. But this is a review of Skyrim, not hearthfire. Id reccommend this game to any RPG player. Even people who play fps games like COD will love this game, and the sheer beauty is overwhelming. In the end, it doesnt matter who you are, teenager, adult or spoilt child with bad parents, YOU WILL LOVE SKYRIM.
game-hours: 67.1
review: I highly recommend this BOOTIFUL GAME for SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO MANY FREAKING REASONS I LOVE IT
game-hours: 13.6
review: Nice Game, ane beli beli waktu Weekend deal jadi waktu harganya murah :D
game-hours: 413.8
review: Why should I even write a review for this? 10/10
game-hours: 217.5
review: Simply amazing.
game-hours: 316.4
review: Amazing rpg you can do basically anything and explore everywhere and mod support which means doing anything and going anywhere is literal
game-hours: 192.9
review: 11/10
game-hours: 55.5
review: A game about how Chuck Norris thought it would be great to go back to the Lord of the Ring era and steal all the rings from Smaug and all of Smaug's relatives while killing most of them in the process [minor spoilers]. After he does this for a bit, he then finds himself riding his trusty mammoth whilst being chased by 3 giants who were upset that Chuck killed their brother by punching him in the kneecap. Later in the game, Norris finds himself running at 30 Nordic miles per hour with a mere 567 pounds-worth of swords, bows, and other equipment stored in his pockets when all of the sudden he is attacked by a miniature chicken, which he proceeds to yell at and send it straight into orbit; unfortunately this ticks off all of the mages of the town he is in and when one of the sorcerer's spell is cast slightly incorrectly, Chuck Norris gets sent back into the 80's. After the credits roll you see Chuck Norris talking to Will Smith about his tales and about how his life got turned upside down, but how he didn't really mind it since he became the well-known prince of a moderately-sized rural town known simply as "Bel-Air." Smith later decided (with the help of some producers) to recreate these amazing stories in his well-known show "The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air," which first aired in 1990 and is still held dear by many patriotic Americans due to the deep and meaningful message of the show. 11/10 would witness this glory with Hyper-Realism 4000 (TM) textures again.
game-hours: 65.4
review: One of my favourite games of all time. There is so much to do in this game and the mods also add so much into it making the already amazing game even better than it already is
game-hours: 629.6
review: Nice
game-hours: 283.6
review: Soo, i was walking around, happy that im the new leader of the Thiefs guild, and whaddaya know, my new employee tries to rob me. Geez, looks like they are desperate for money arent they. So i just gave him a bonus, in Daedric Arrows. 10/10
game-hours: 7.3
review: lol Fus Ro Dah haha
game-hours: 105.5
review: Killed a chicken. Villagers murdered me for that. Karma got them back when a dragon killed them. 10/10
game-hours: 180.4
review: Aahh.... perhaps a little too late for this game's review but nevertheless. The Elder Scrolls series, a wonder of RPG games in the years. I've started the series with Oblivion when I saw it in a Cyber Cafe a few years back and see all the classic Table Top RPG element inside it. I thoroughly enjoyed the game of course and cannnot wait for Skyrim to come out, which was announced a few month after my discovery of Oblivion. Firstly, I was expecting its mechanism to stay but was a little disappointed in its simplicity instead. Everything is too simplified and for the NPCs.... the only good thing about them is their quests and nothing more, despite their somewhat colourful personalities. The role-playing this time focuses a lot on quests instead of a more broad purpose. It would seem that Skyrim is made for its combat system, which was never a strong part in the Elder Scroll series in my opinion and is not so impressive in here either. Swing, swing, occasional block and such. However, the finishing blow is admittingly the best thing to do in combat. Skyrim's environment however is what really makes it beautiful. To be able to explore the province of Skyrim in its fullest, Fast Travel is almost going to be unused.... almost. All in all, it is a good adventure game despite lacking in its Role-Playing.
game-hours: 148.5
review: I used to be an adventurer like you, then I took an arrow in the knee. #10/10
game-hours: 43.6
review: Good game
game-hours: 168.0
review: skyrim is stupendus! is a better oblivion IMHO
game-hours: 138.3
review: Great game. Countless things to do and amazing character progression! You have the most freedom that can be offered by a free roam game!
game-hours: 52.4
review: I was only lv 4. Bow in hand, I was sneaking up on Valtheim Towers. The one bandit guard lazily gazed at a cliff face. I snuck closer. Suddenly, the bandit yells out; "I'm going to enjoy looting your corpse!" My heart stops. Have I been seen? Will she cut me up? She runs away from me. Before I can react, the locked doors burst open. An orc sprints out, sword in hand, and he yells; "I'm going to enjoy counting your coin!" He sprints off in the same direction as the bandit guard. I sneak up on the tower- the doors spread wide open- and peek around the corner out of curiosity. The two bandits are on one side of the river, shouting threats; on the other side, a lone rabbit, busy not caring in the slightest about what's happening. There's a third bandit, an archer, on the ridge above the rabbit. He fires arrow after arrow, missing every time. I slowly sneak into the tower, dismantling every trap and carefully checking for loot. I finally arrive on the bridge. From below, I hear a shouted threat; the rabbit is still alive- but not for long. After a solid ten minutes of being all talk, one of the bandits is finally swimming across the river to finish off the rabbit and take its phat loot. She corners the rabbit, and with a quick slice, it's over. She begins swimming back to her post. I pull out my bow. With the bandit in my sights, I release an arrow. "This is for the bunny..." I whisper. In slow motion, the arrow arcs majestically through the air towards the bandit. Boom, right in the heart. In the middle of the river. Her body floats over a waterfall. 10/10 GOTY
game-hours: 184.2
review: I feel the biggest problem with this game is that the primary gameplay feature is exploration, except the world levels up as your character does. This includes the loot that you find as you adventure, so there are very few opportunities to find something interesting as you explore. There are a few locations that yield neat gear, like the Daedric shrines, but overall I find that this is one of the biggest problems with this type of RPG lately: you will always be fighting something your level and they will always drop something level appropriate. This mechanic dissolves the feeling of tension that should be part of exploring the unknown. The story arc also ramps up to epic levels too quickly, denying any feeling of having earned any prestige. I prefer the slow burn of something like Morrowind, where your humble beginnings provide context for your climb to becoming a mythical figure. I also find that there is too little diversity in the types of spells you can cast, and the melee mechanics. For a game that deals so much with swordplay, the melee feels vague and the crash of combat lacks any sense of feedback. The ragdoll physics also feel weightless; bodys are merely hollow forms with no mass that sail through the air before sliding down the rugged landscape like greased sleds. These issues often turn a serious high fantasy adventure into an unintentional comedy. I'm not saying that this is a bad game by any means, in fact I strongly recommend it. However, when I compare the story arc and game mechanics to something like Fallout 3, I feel like alot of the intelligence and pacing was replaced with instant gratification so the game would better appeal to the average joe. In closing, comparing Skyrim to Morrowind feels like comparing Dragon Age: Origins to Baldur's Gate 2. One is visually superior, but all of that visual polish can not make up for removing the features and stoytelling that provide so much richness to the experience.
game-hours: 180.2
review: Best RPG ever!!! But seriously, the story line is really good no mather what people say to try and make it sound typical but really it's unique and immersive, with so much side quest's that will keep you playing forever with an amazing modding community. The Graphic's are amazing even if you can't afford to run an enb for this huge open world game and you will never get bored with all the mod's avaible.. An action packed RPG for anyone. It is the greatest addition to The Elder Scrolls Series.
game-hours: 107.9
review: *Warning* This game will take away months off your life and destroy your social life. *Play at Own Risk* This game is one of the best single player RPGs ever created along with Oblivion and Morrowind and will offer you 5000+ hours of gameplay and community mods guarantee endless replayabilliy value. 11/10
game-hours: 2.0
review: Hey, stop looking up the dictionary for the definition of "Legendary". It's right here.
game-hours: 164.8
review: dude.....1 word DOVAHKIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIN no seriously buy it....like...now....and add mods....
game-hours: 326.3
review: This game. THIS GAME. Holy  after playing this I wasn't sure if I will continue to have a life. Just got all DLCs and now I'm pretty sure that's confirmed. 10/10 would lose life again (but still stuck playing the current one)
game-hours: 96.6
review: This game is utterly stunning and I am able to run it on medium with shader mods and advanced world mods when I my laptop only has 4GB ram and a duel core prossesor :D I got so caught up in the free roam and doing whatever the hell I want that I have played (At this time) 19 hrs of the game and have only just learnt fus ro (roh) so yea... Get this game :P
game-hours: 141.4
review: What can I really say that you don't already know? If you don't/ haven't owned this game yet, you should probably go jump off a cliff... in-game, once you buy this... because of my review.
game-hours: 50.9
review: Skyrim is one of the best games i have ever played. The modding community adds humour and graphics to amazing to describe.
game-hours: 31.1
review: Oh Skyrim, with your wondrous landscapes and your lovely wildlife and inhabitants. Skyrim is an excellent game with SO much to do. Become a thief, a warrior, anything you wanna be. You can do all the quests you want or go around each town and slaughter everyone. The possibilities are (relatively) endless. My only qualm about the game is the menu system in-game. It seems a little clunky at times and annoying having to scroll through heaps of items sometimes just to get one thing. Luckily there are mods out there for that, and I definitely recommend them should you feel the same way
game-hours: 164.7
review: In their toung,He is Dovahkiin,DRAGONBORN! FUS RO DAH!
game-hours: 1027.7
review: I love this game! Making stuff, like you do in Minecraft, but amazing scenery & lots of quests.
game-hours: 498.2
review: I recommend this game for anyone who likes fantasy and magic. The moment I saw this game I knew I was going to like it because I have always liked Bethesda games and by far, this one was the best!!
game-hours: 776.7
review: This is a recommendation that I have written. Play this game because I recommended it and no other reason.
game-hours: 9.2
review: 100% replayability even after 10 years to come !! You won't bored to death rumraging across skyrim !! Massive multiple story creation with endless sidequest !! plus superb character/item creations !! +1 must have for your Library
game-hours: 183.9
review: If you like getting sucked into a game only to find that you spent the entire weekend inside then buy this game!!!
game-hours: 474.3
review: 10/10, becomes flawless once you get a few mods.
game-hours: 6.5
review: fanstic game 5 out of 5
game-hours: 168.3
review: Macho man randy savage dragons. what else do you need?
game-hours: 7.2
review: An amazing game to have and I cannot wait to see what the next Elder Scrolls will be like for the next the GEN Consoles! One game will be for the record books once more!
game-hours: 203.9
review: Thank you steam for letting me buy both DLC's this morning, before the sale. Really nice of you to help me spend more money. Thanks alot...
game-hours: 189.1
review: The finest game i have ever played.
game-hours: 22.1
review: 1/1
game-hours: 298.0
review: Of all the games I play.. this is the one that always has a cozy fire and a hot cup of steaming chocolate ready to welcome me back. It's the game that welcomes me with a big friendly smile and open arms. Even when I keep playing away it says, 'come on home' and gives me a nice warm hug. It must surely be the best game of all time. I don't know if I will ever finish it - but then, I don't really want to. I have it both on PS3 and here on PC. I have restarted it several times playing different characters. It has not dated at all, in no small part due to a large modding community, many HD updates and a friendly community. There must be more mods for this game than there are devious politicians. If you don't already own it you need to correct the error of your ways immediately or expect to be disciplined! You know who you are and you know you want it. Should you get the legendary edition? Look into my eyes, what do you think. Just say "Yes Miss"
game-hours: 365.9
review: You want to build a house, and never live in it. Make that Three of them!! THen buy this game!! But there's more! You'll find that every city you visit throws a house at you!!! And all you end up doing is becoming a horder!! Release your inner klepto and stash it in one of the many houses you own, and never use it again! Want to eat twenty 10 pound cheese wheels with no ill effects at once... THEN DO It my friends. This is the game for you! For you will get sucked into the world of wonder where you can do so much you wished in your life. Sleep standing?! Posh! WHO needs sleep!! You can run for weeks, and never tire!! You can become a Werewolf or Vampire... Once you destroy the Sun you never have to worry about the pesky burning feeling. FISHING!!!!!!!!!! ITs all in this game. Including that NAGGING WIFU YOU WANTED!!!!!!!!!!!! DRAGONNNNNNNNNNNSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 201.0
review: I am fox 10/10
game-hours: 75.7
review: This game is amazing. It contains tons of lore and unique questlines. Also, got killed by a mudcrab. 10/10.
game-hours: 162.0
review: I've been hundreds of hours on this game outside of steam. If you have yet to experiance this massive game you're missin out.
game-hours: 68.4
review: INCREDIBLE, but I felt that some of the main questlines could have been better, but WHO PLAYS TES GAMES FOR MAIN QUESTLINES!
game-hours: 21.1
review: Bethesda is a game company that knows what the f*ck they are doing. In a time where game creators are scrambleing for the newest thing like new hit boxes, new guns, dlc's just to play the game, sh*tty dialoge, stupid plots. Bethesda comes out of the middle of butt f*uck no where and shows them all up. Its like Bethesda actually wants you to have fun in this game They want you to like the story. They want you to get involved with the world that they created. They want you to have fun, because god forebid that new games cant do that! And I am just sitting here with my mouth open in awe at what I am looking at. This game really shows what happens when game creators take time and hell even THOUGHT AND EFFORT into making there game. Ok, now that Ive kissed Bethesda a*s. Lets talk about the game. Skyrim is a game set back in....I dunno. And you start off as a prisoner who has been captured for following a cult who is agianst the system of Skyrim. You escape because a dragon is like," dont worry bro, I got you." and blows up the place right before you get almost get beheaded....I am still going to kill that dragon though. Then the rest is a journey that you decide. What I like about this game: 1.The action is amazing. Everything seems smooth and up to date even though this game came out in like 2012. 2. The story is rich and it just keeps on going and going. 3.There are plenty of missions and hours of gameplay. 4. The characthers sometimes are funny and the voice acting is fairly decent. 5. ITS ONLY 5 GB....HOLY S*IT!!!!!! F*ckin, sleeping dogs is 13 gb and they dont even have half as much of story as this does. 6. I can run it on my sh*tty computer...with the graphics down but whatever. 7. EVERYTHING! Now for the bad things: 1. It glitches from time to time but Bethesda does that with there xbox to computer games. And thats it for the bad. Just please god, if you havent played it. GET IT RIGHT NOW My Gaming Score: 10 SkyrimGasms/ 10. I still like Ride to Hell Retrubution better, though. (jking that game is )
game-hours: 1.2
review: I havent showered in months. 12/10
game-hours: 112.9
review: Its like a first person Zelda that decided to be emo. 9.5/10 Stars.
game-hours: 61.7
review: The Best ..
game-hours: 49.4
review: This game i amazing. but sometimes when things popup while im in game,it freezes the game but other than that its fin
game-hours: 2.1
review: Amazing game worth money spent and even more!
game-hours: 374.4
review: Okay I can tell you that if you have played Oblivion you would have most likely gone for this game aswell if you liked it or if you are not sure or want to know what they changed here's what has changed, the oblivion main quest was absoultely brilliant and this one...well it is not as good but there more features and some new creatures at the cost of old ones and there are some satisfying killmoves in the game that make you feel more like you just killed them - you destroyed them! However some of the quests in this are quite bland and far to rewarding for the task E.g spoke to a guy in a bar and started a quest for him to deliver a message or something and the person he wanted it sent to was sat right next to him - no joke - and I got 250 gold for it, in Oblivion you would have to slay a  entire town full of imperial guards (oblivion version) to get that kind of money so half of the time in Oblivion I would become right criminal scum and would try pickpocketing, search barrels for anything to sell and would be over the moon finding 1 gold coin because cave raiding was certain doom for low levels and people of bad equipment in skyrim finding a gold coin is like finding a free potato, you may not need it but will still take it and add to the forgotten pile. What they did right: - made it easier to level up in skyrim (you could only level up on certain skills you picked on oblivion if your alchemy went up but was only a minor skill, well tough  you are staying level 12) - Guards are much easier to defeat (in Oblivion if you stole a potato and didn't have money or want to go to jail then be prepared to be hunted down relentlessly and cut down like the criminal scum they come across daily, also they won't randomly dart at you from a field in the middle of nowhere and question you about it) - fighting things are easier (oblivion had some really tough battles in them and at least once you would have to run away from a fight and would die at least several times if not then you are a god at Oblivion and I salute you) - civil war, choose a side and fight to the death ( gotta love getting revenge on those imperial guards if you played oblivion) - the graphics are really good ( and better with some mods) What was wrong? - The main quest is just quite bad to other titles in TES (in Oblivion you were protecting the cities from huge gates and hellish creatures and retaking cities from the evil with the town guard which feels like an achievement on its own) - There isn't as good factions or faction quests (oblivion had some really good faction quests especially with the dark brotherhood not gonna spoil but things keep flipping and so much drama happens there was also the fighters guild and mages guild and there was an arcane college but you had to get recommendations from all the guild halls in all the cities to get in which made it feel so much more challenging than just casting a spell to the woman outside.) all-in-all this game is great I have fun using a bow and other inventory I would suggest getting legendary editon for more quests and armors Etc. at the end of the day this is my opinion of the game and I find it great to play and have so much freedom to do what I want in it but try it for yourself.
game-hours: 256.8
review: Good lord, the sheer amount of things to do is enough to make one's head spin. This game rightfully deserves to be heavily played years after its original release. I know I'm not breaking any new ground by speaking highly of it, but I've certainly gotten my money's worth and then some.
game-hours: 144.0
review: A decent rpg game with a diverse open world which expose player to numerous challenges,simply to say u feel like ur living in the world of skyrim.
game-hours: 218.4
review: This is a Keeper this game has given me hours if not Days of fun and keeps giveing more and more
game-hours: 148.0
review: This game will ruin your life.
game-hours: 33.9
review: Skyrim has got to be one of my favorite games of all time. Bethesda always delivers in their games and does an excellent job enriching their open worlds with so much to do. I highly recommend this game to anyone who loves RPGs, or even those skeptics.
game-hours: 2.9
review: its an ok game i would not buy it when it was $40.00
game-hours: 112.0
review: Fus Ro Dah! One of the greatest games ever made!
game-hours: 89.6
review: Very good game, and there's a lot of things to do in Skyrim (and a lot of people to talk!). Be patience and explore this extensive game.
game-hours: 885.8
review: Skyrim is an epic RPG adventure, I've been playing it for months now and it never gets old.
game-hours: 140.7
review: Just one thing: open world game with IN HORSES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! SCORE: 97/100
game-hours: 571.6
review: You will get tired of this game, and eventually forget about it for a while to play others, but you will always come back. There is always something you want to do and you can't help but play a little bit here and there. Complete quests you've done half a hundred times, just because you enjoyed them, run around in your favourite dungeons and get hungry by staring at the brightly coloured food you cooked. Then you'll shout Lydia off High Hrothgar again and quit for a while longer. But you know you'll come back. You'll always come back.
game-hours: 308.0
review: Rating: Tubular, Dude! This game summs up all together a game that I would most like to play. It's got the lush landscapes ranging from Snowy ice caps to heated boggs, It's got the emmense gameplay that keeps you hanging on wanting to see more, and it even has the traditional Elder scrolls lag after you've downloaded too many CBBE mods. I simply love this game, and can't wait to see what else Bethesda can crap all over us to make money. Although, I'd rather play Super Mario brothers 2.
game-hours: 165.8
review: Ive spent 300 hour sin this game on Xbox and maybe 100 on pc, its still Worth my money today. If you like to kill dragons and Explore the big world of skyrim then this is the game for you
game-hours: 123.3
review: Don't play this game!!!!! It will ruin your social + sex life! You will walk around the streets hoping you could just get your double daggers out, and stab away, and build stuff, and.. and... Just... Don't... When you start thinking "ehhh, ok, let me just complete one more side quest", then you're completely lost to the world...
game-hours: 156.8
review: One of the best ever
game-hours: 122.7
review: 10/10 would bang
game-hours: 37.7
review: Seriously the best game of (whatever year it was released) Modding it is easier than ever now using the steam workshop or the Skyrim nexus tool which takes the boring bits out of modding (for the most part, some mods still need manual copying about and ini adjustments). Cracking game, make sure it's in your collection!
game-hours: 182.6
review: One of my favorite games, if not my favorite. You can do anything in this game, and it's story aswell as playabilty is phenomanal. If you've never played Skyrim, you have not lived.
game-hours: 26.2
review: FUS RO DAH!
game-hours: 485.3
review: 5/5 GOTY. Must Buy.
game-hours: 226.0
review: A MUST HAVE! So many possibilities and endless quests! I rly love the game even tho it's the buggiest i've ever played! Looking foward to Elder Scrolls Online!
game-hours: 241.2
review: good.
game-hours: 680.3
review: This game is a unbelieveable adventure, even if you haven't played the older Elders Scrolls games it doesn't matter. There are some inside jokes, that you might not understand unless you have played the older ones (Mai'q I'm looking at you). With the addition of Steam Workshop you can mod this game very easily to increase the graphical fidelity, or add more quests, although the main quest, is already excellent and the sidequest are great. The graphics on their own are good, but not great. But remember we're looking at a 2 year old game so the graphics, aren't at 2013 level. With the addition of Dawnguard and Dragonborn you can add two whole new questlines which both you can affect like the main games quests. Pros: Quests are great. Even after completing the main quest line, you will have a lot of interesting side quests. The attention to detail is amazing. The world levels with you, after you break a certain level you will see new enemies. Cons: Voice acting isn't the strongest part of this game; the same voice actors are recycled from character to character. The graphics aren't the best, but remember, we're looking at a 2011 years game.
game-hours: 198.5
review: Dis geme es eh gud geme cuz u cahn git da money
game-hours: 929.8
review: Perhaps one of the most amazing games I've ever played in my life. As a lover of the sword n' shield era, I always find myself jumping head-first into Bethseda's Elder Scrolls series. The story is immense but it doesn't rush you; This game demands that you explore every crevice it has to offer. The creation-workshop mechanic is very well made, you could literally be anything, fight anything and nearly have no limits; But challenging as it should be. An extrordinary piece of work that you should not miss out on!
game-hours: 37.5
review: there are over 1500 different types of sausages in the world
game-hours: 541.8
review: Easily the most epic game ever made period.
game-hours: 7.6
review: One of the best games ive ever played. Bought it for the computer after i played on the xbox.May not be the best graphics. But this game Is great 9/10 Rating Thumbs up. Very good RPG Fantasy adventuring game. If you like RPGs Dont Miss up a pass to get this one.
game-hours: 131.7
review: It's like Skyrim with guns.
game-hours: 51.8
review: Amazing storyline and it has so many extra side missions (not including the DLC's) that it will take SO MANY HOURS to complete them all and get everything. Not only that but the visual aspect is amazing. I've spent what felt like 2 hours just staring up at the night sky just in awe at how well it's been made. There are also many spontaneous events that if you're just travelling you can just do quickly and earn anything from it.
game-hours: 47.1
review: This game is one of the best games I have ever played but it does have some issues.
game-hours: 390.6
review: Skyrim is second only to Oblivion, and that's only because of one aspect that will probably surpass it at some time. The mods for Skyrim are good, some are even fairly amazing and world making, but it's still NOTHING compared to the amount of mods and the quality of mods for Oblivion. Skyrim is overall amazing, save for the combat (though that can be modded to a degree) and the main story lacking in any real substance besides "Kill X to make sure world doesn't end". I got my money's worth out of it, especially with the DLC (my favorite being Dawnguard). 7.5/10, would buy and play again.
game-hours: 126.1
review: Almost jumped off a cliff because I thought I pressed f5. 10/10 would
game-hours: 76.3
review: The best game ever!
game-hours: 81.1
review: Although it reeks of the Fallout new vegas game still the best Elder Scrolls yet, I prefer to it ESO! Love the story and it fits in with DF MW and OBLV well.
game-hours: 89.8
review: it was intense in a good way
game-hours: 37.5
review: This is an epic game!!!!!!!!! Its one of my favorites but not my absolluter favorite. The great thing about is mostley NEVER LAG.
game-hours: 25.5
review: Amazing game. If your computer can handle it, the graphics look AMAZING. I would not recommend playing vanilla, add some mods! Spice it up a bit! The gameplay is good, controls are good, has 1 to 1 headtracking. Hours and hours of fun. If you are reading this and you have completed every quest in Skyrim ever, I congratulate you. If you have just bought Skyrim, I encourage you to finish the main questline at your own pace, not right away. Anways, the game is great, totally worth the money.
game-hours: 13.0
review: This game is Ca-Ray-Zay
game-hours: 98.9
review: Great game. There's nothing else to say. Buy it if you don't have it. If you have it, play it.
game-hours: 50.1
review: This game is the epicest in my gaming history. Well the giant spiders are scary as the  for me because i have arachnophobia but i can remove them with a mod. So if you like the weapons of the medieval ages and some spells then buy it, you won't be disappointed! :D
game-hours: 0.5
review: Excellent, open world RPG. In my opinion, not as pretty as Oblivion, and far easier than Oblivion - thus more accessible. Immersive, beautiful title, play your own way. Can easily log hundreds of hours just exploring side quests. DLC are fun, though not as good as Oblivion DLC (horse armour aside!). Played extensively and completed on XBox.
game-hours: 49.7
review: Absolutely amazing. Can spend a lot of time in this game and never get bored with it. Especially with all the downloadable mods.
game-hours: 747.1
review: The Elder Scrolls is one of my favorite RPG series and Skyrim is no disappointment. An open ended world, great voice acting, deep character customization, solid gameplay mechanics and the freedom to pursue the kind of character you want to play make this a choice game for any fans of action RPGs and there has always been a great community surrounding the series with talented modders who take the game to a completely different level, creating a deeply replayable experience.
game-hours: 139.7
review: Skyrim has a potential to be a great game,but the civil war storyline is too short and NPC are not so immersive. The world is beautiful and community mods can make the game perfect 9/10
game-hours: 163.5
review: Probably the best and most worth game especially for the price you pay for it. Endless hours of amazment
game-hours: 749.3
review: dis gayme sux. obviously it was trying to beet black ops but it just cant. it aint even up 2 bf3 standardz
game-hours: 74.1
review: Because this game is just freaking awesome, an quite very beatiful if you play it on ultra!
game-hours: 113.7
review: Naejs
game-hours: 6.5
review: Skyrim, a detailed game about a prisoner who is making his way downtown , walking fast, faces past and he's homebound.
game-hours: 176.7
review: Most definitely an easy time-sink, it is easy to spend hours playing this game without even realising it, there is always new tasks to work on, loot to find, locations to explore, skills to obtain and much, much more.
game-hours: 94.3
review: Great Game , Great History , live another life , be another hero , be a villain , you choose !!! The most important part of this game for me was the history , that u can modify every moment. Divine parts of the game that make me love it , and one of them was the end of main history that makes u feel complete with yourself . Some npcs are dumb , but others are really smart that makes the game equilibrated . Every choose can have different reactions . This is art in pixels , this is skyrim .
game-hours: 458.1
review: Beautilful, Unique, and Charming... Skyrim provides better experience of this RPG open-world series. Beside the main quest and radiant sidequest which can surprise you in different events. Pretty genuis scripts and storyline lead you to new places, new conflicts, and dragons as random encounter. The level system is not new, but it has improvement and design. Places are full of mysteries, activites, and NPCs, lifefull indeed. Smithing and enchanting are deep and impact to your combat as magics and shouts are balanced and provide new tactics. I could say I'm in love with this fifth series. Even some people may face with minor bugs (For me, it just minor graphic bugs now.) Inventory system is hard to track (Fix by using Skyrim UI Mod) and problem in AI direction. All I say it just common thing in this kind of game which cant interrupt you from amazing experience. Totally worthy in every dollar/baht you paid. Whatever you are fan of series or not. Try once in your owned. :)
game-hours: 119.2
review: This game is truly amazing. It is worth every penny. This game has mod support, and there are thousands of mods out there, that make this game never get boring. This is a must buy.
game-hours: 55.1
review: This is maybe the best RPG game, if not the BEST game of all time. The map is HUGE and it has many side quests and random quests and you can really just do whatever, from Murdering citizens to riding dragons!
game-hours: 297.6
review: Skyrim ist episch in jeder Art  von der schieren Gre der Spielwelt, ber die Vielfalt der Aufgaben und dem Reichtum der Geschichte bis hin zu den actionreichen Kmpfen! Das lang erwartete nchste Kapitel der Elder Scrolls-Saga entsteht in den Bethesda Game Studios - das Entwicklerstudio, das bereits fr das Spiel des Jahres 2006 und 2008 verantwortlich zeichnete. Skyrim revolutioniert mit zahlreichen wegweisenden Neuerungen das Genre der Open-World Fantasy-Rollenspiele. In einer detailliert umgesetzten virtuellen Welt geht es auf eine spannende Abenteuerreise.
game-hours: 208.6
review: lets see, skyrim; what can i say for a review about that game called skyrim... well, now looking on it, i feel my situation explains it pretty well: as i write this, the time is 2:30 AM 2 days after i got it; and i already have 12 hours on this. and as i explore the world and view its life in every corner, i know i have only scratched the surface on the game. what can i say; i love the arnold schwarzenaeger voice for the guards.
game-hours: 145.8
review: Skyrim is good the end.
game-hours: 357.2
review: A fantastic game. Although the previous patches have fixed a lot of bugs in this game, I still recommend people use 3rd party mods to fix the bugs that haven't been patched up yet.
game-hours: 28.4
review: Best RPG game ever made. Also has got good mods.
game-hours: 78.2
review: The biggest open world single player game to date. Have on PS3 and PC. All the DLC at a good price on PC make Skyrim a No Brainer.
game-hours: 404.6
review: How can you not love this game. you can literally play it forever don't get me started o the mods :P mods make pc skyrim the best ever and cane enhance gameplay and make it last so much longer
game-hours: 416.6
review: First time: HOLEE SHEIT DEM GWAPHICS (Jontron) First hour: Stop attacking me Hadvar! Dammit what the hell is wrong with this guy. 10 hours: Novice robes for 1300 gold?!?!?! 30 hours: Wasn't I supposed to kill a dragon? 100 hours *spams creation of daggers for smithing* 150 hours: How did I end up on this island 175: I've defeated Alduin! (Finally) 200: Mirrak you son of a  that was my dragon soul 250: Hello there shopkeeper, would you be interested in my vast asortment of baskets and plates? You can have all 8967871234 of them for just 1 gold a piece. P.S.Get an Nvidia card, ditch your 290X, it's so unfinished EA tried to publish it.
game-hours: 204.8
review: Well, much like previous Elder Scrolls games (I'm looking at you, Oblivion) the main quest line is very short, and very easy. Fortunately, there's plenty of other questing to be done, and the modding community is amazing, as it always has been. So, yeah, great (if a bit easy) content, great modding community, great game. Except for the guards bringing up knee arrows, but there's a mod to fix that!
game-hours: 24.3
review: I have never loved a game or played a game as much as Skyrim. It is by far the best game that has ever been made and will give you an almost endless amount of content and fun.
game-hours: 290.5
review: This game has like 500+ hours to play. A giant Open World and a feeling, that reminds me of "Lord of the Rings" makes this game to one of the best at its genre.
game-hours: 18.7
review: to be short: yes it is worth your money The game is flawed ofcourse; it's buggy, character animations are not that good but still, Skyrim is the best RPG I have played in the past decade.
game-hours: 52.6
review: dis came is the best game i like it becasuse iga and gmae in farmer like ot and it made my  rock hard iwth all the  and how big they r in other wardz i giv dios game girl maker 2012 10 out of 10 fugzzzz see ya later evary 1
game-hours: 103.4
review: I used to be vanilla like you then i took the Nexus mod community to the knee. 11/10
game-hours: 521.5
review: After helping return an item to someone, you can put a kettle over their head and take the item back, despite this, they still thank you for returning said item as if you never took it. 10/10
game-hours: 180.8
review: One of my favorite games of all time. The modding community is great, but the game doesn't even need it. It is a very immersive game, that doesnt restrict you on what to do when to do it. If you dont want to do a quest, you can simple ignore it. You are Dovahkiin(Dragonborn), you find that out after you fight your first dragon. The story is rather short it makes up for it in the countless hours on shenanigans and lollygagging. Your character seems unrealisticly special throughout the game. What I mean by that is you become the top of every class and yet you are still just another adventurer. The game is beautiful, and just worth your time. This game was release 11-11-11 and it still is one of the best games of the decade. The game is a must buy, even if you don't like RPG's genre. I am sure you may come out of your shell and let your inter nerd come out and become all powerful! Youre going to try to sell me something. Well, I aint interested. Olda 10/10
game-hours: 71.6
review: Really fun game. I had it on ps3, but I couldn't get into it. The graphical quality was pretty bad, and I wasn't a fan of the controls. On PC, you can get the HD texture pack if you have a good graphics card, and turn the settings up. It looks great, and plays well. Also, there's console commands, so if you're in trouble, you can get yourself out of it. Controls in combat are a bit odd, because weapons are inverted for your mouse buttons, but i swapped them. Takes a bit of getting used to, but it's much better. You can explore and discover new places, and fight bandits in dungeons. You can create potions and armor, buy a house to store your stuff in, and take on many different quests. You can join different factions as well, even become a werewolf. Great game, would buy. If you don't have 30 bucks, wait up until it's on sale and grab legendary edition.
game-hours: 132.2
review: Mods make everything more fun :P
game-hours: 54.5
review: Possibly the most time consuming game I have ever played, and that isn't a bad thing :D
game-hours: 1.6
review: The whole game went against me after I killed a chicken. A+
game-hours: 674.6
review: Skyrim is for sure one of the best games I have ever played everything about it is awesome and for what ever it lacks there is always a mod for that... just trust me I know
game-hours: 7.7
review: I had not played Pokemon games before--I was under the wrong impression that they were just for children and then there was a lot of media attention on Fire Red and Leaf Green--I was going on a long trip so I got Fire Red. It takes a lot of memorization skills to play Pokemon games WELL so adults can enjoy these games, in my opinion. For those who haven't played before, Pokemon are actually VERY intricate and there are different TYPES of Pokemon so you have to remember their abilities and what types can easily beat other types and you switch Pokemon in battle depending on their strengths and abilities. Of course the graphics on this game are very, very good. What I liked best was the ability to get ingame help and for some reason it just really tickles me to see the little hand pick up my Pokemon and move them to or from the storage boxes. I also like the fact that when I turn the game on it rehashes the last few things I did before stopping gameplay last time. This is really good for me because I don't get to play everyday and if too much time goes by, I do forget my last "moves". I also have Pokemon Crystal for GBC and, I think it is a little easier...so if you'd like to try Pokemon, maybe that is a better game to learn first...Both have been very fun and entertaining for this adult gamer. Gotta catch 'em all...
game-hours: 27.6
review: Truly beautiful game.
game-hours: 25.0
review: - ,      THE BEST
game-hours: 5.6
review: i went ham
game-hours: 198.2
review: With Mods you can keep playing for years
game-hours: 403.2
review: Everyone knows this is the best game ever made and if you think otherwise then you are wrong. This is an open world action RPG, It is my favourite game by far and only the next sequel can ever top it. You start off as a prisoner who's about to be beheaded, from there you create your character from a variety of different races (human or beast) There is endless customization with what you can create and how realistic you character will look if you use mods, you don't have to because without this will still be your favourite game experience ever, but i don't see why not because it's simple to download mods from the nexus with just a few clicks and if you don't want to do that then you can easily browse the workshop from your library and install mods with a click of a button, that's what has kept this game so fun for so long and it will never get boring or old. There's various factions throughout the game you can join and become leader of, you can even become a werewolf or a vampire, the characters are all unique and loveable and you can have followers and even get married to your favourite ones, You can craft armor and weapons, enchant them, upgrade them, you can create potions, you can have your own home in this game, you level up and gain skill points to build the type of character you want, you can make a perk legendary when it get's to 100 so you level endlessely, there's always a rewarding amount of loot in each cave or dungeon you clear, i could go on forever, even just standing in the town enjoying the view of the lake is enjoyable in this game! The possibilitys with this game because of mods are endless, there's no need in other games when this game has EVERYTHING you could think of Seriously you have to buy it, if you want a game you will never get bored of, be easy to go back to whenever you want, never 100% complete because there's to much to do, then buy Skyrim
game-hours: 85.2
review: I climbed up a tree with my horse.
game-hours: 2.0
review: Punched a child in the face. 10/10
game-hours: 123.1
review: An open big world waiting to be explored. Though the actual fighting mechanic doesn't really inspire, gets repetitive and simple in the end, the actual exploration is a lot of fun. A MUST for a person who digs to just go out and explore places and loot stuff. Beware, might be a time sink.
game-hours: 101.9
review: Best game ever.
game-hours: 979.8
review: The hours I have played this game says it all. A MUST HAVE GAME!
game-hours: 51.6
review: An endless adventure on a GIANT BRAND PRETTY WELL DESIGNED WORLD. It can get your attention, even if you aren't a huge RPG fanboy. 10\10. Epic.
game-hours: 140.5
review: I like this game because of the story line of things and that the world is huge. This game is also good because you dont get any lag.
game-hours: 818.0
review: 800+ Hours and I still love playing it, don't buy it for this reason, it's an evil, life draining game.
game-hours: 95.2
review: If you have a console and think about getting this game on console...don't.The game on the console is the alpha version of the game,the game on pc is where it's all at. You have a ton of mods to chose from and your game will look 10 times better than it does on console...or it will looke like a completely new game,with changed climate,landscapes and whatever you want to do to the game.
game-hours: 27.4
review: It's good but most of the mods are terrible garbage. Too much garbage loot in these games too
game-hours: 35.1
review: This game is definatley one for the ages I can never get enough Skyrim in my life and thats the truth!
game-hours: 98.1
review: Best Game Ever! I love the option of how you can play your way as any class if you look at any other RPG games it starts of with "Choose Your Class" 10/10
game-hours: 87.9
review: I was stacking books on a shelf in my house in Whiterun, one of Skyrim's major cities, when I noticed a weapon rack right beside it. I set a sacrificial dagger in one slot, an Orcish mace in the other. They were on display for nobody but me and my computer-controlled housecarl, Lydia, who sat at a table patiently waiting for me to ask her to go questing. The chest upstairs was reserved for excess weapons and armor, the bedside table for smithing ingots and ores, the one next to the Alchemy table for ingredients. I'd meticulously organized my owned virtual property not because I had to, but because tending to the minutia of domestic life is a comforting break from dealing with screaming frost trolls, dragons, a civil war, and job assignments that never seem to go as planned. It's even a sensible thing to do; a seemingly natural component of every day existence in Skyrim, one of the most fully-realized, easily enjoyable, and utterly engrossing role-playing games ever made. Part of what makes it so enjoyable has to do with how legacy Elder Scrolls clutter has been condensed and in some cases eliminated. In Skyrim, there's no more moon-hopping between hilltops with a maxed out Acrobatics skill. That's gone, so is Athletics. The Elder Scrolls V pares down the amount of skills and cuts out attributes like Endurance and Intelligence altogether. There's no time wasted on the character creation screen agonizing over which skills to assign as major. You don't assign major and minor skills at all, but instead pick one of ten races, each with a specific bonus. High Elves can once a day regenerate magicka quickly, Orcs can enter a berserk rage for more effective close-range combat. These abilities are best paired with certain character builds  the High Elf regeneration is useful for a magic user  but don't represent a rigid class choice. Major decisions don't need to be made until you're already out in the world and can try out magic, sneaking and weapon combat, emphasizing first-hand experience over instruction manual study, letting you specialize only when you're ready. It contributes to the thrilling sense of freedom associated with life in Skyrim. Do a quest, kill a dragon, snatch torchbugs from the air, munch on butterfly wings or simply wander while listening to one of the best game soundtracks in recent memory. Despite the enormity of the world and the colossal amount of content contained within, little feels random and useless. Even chewing on a butterfly wing has purpose, as it reveals one of several alchemical parameters later useful in potion making at an alchemy table. Mined ore and scraps of metal from Dwemer ruins can be smelted into ingots and fashioned into armor sets, pelts lifted from slain wildlife can be turned into leather armor sets, and random books plucked from ancient ruins can trigger hidden quest lines that lead to valuable rewards. Skyrim's land mass is absolutely stuffed with content and curiosities, making every step you take, even if it's through what seems like total wilderness, an exciting one, as something unexpected often lies just over the next ridge. Many times the unexpected takes the form of a dragon. Sometimes they're purposefully placed to guard relics, sometimes they swoop over cities and attack at seemingly random times. In the middle of a fight against a camp of bandits a dragon might strike, screaming through the sky and searing foe and friendly alike with frost or flame. Momentarily all on the battlefield unite, directing arrows and magic blasts upward to knock down the creature, creating impromptu moments of camaraderie -- a surprising change from what may have been yet another by-the-numbers bandit camp sweep. Dragons show up often, their presence announced by an ominous flap of broad wings or an otherworldly scream from high above. The scale and startling detail built into each creature's appearance and animations as it circles, stops to attack, circles again and slams to the ground makes encounters thrilling, though their predictable attack patterns lessen the excitement after a few battles. In the long run they're far less irritating than the Oblivion gate equivalent from The Elder Scrolls IV, can be completed in a few minutes, and always offer a useful reward. Killing a dragon yields a soul, which powers Skyrim's new Shout system. These are magical abilities any character can use, you don't have to specialize in spell casting to slow time, throw your voice, change the weather, call in allies, blast out ice and fire, or knock back enemies with a rolling wave of pure force. Even if you favor sword, shield and heavy armor and ignore magic entirely, you'll still be able to take full advantage of these abilities provided you find the proper words  each Shout has three  hidden on Skyrim's high snowy peaks and in the depths of forgotten dungeons, serving as another reason to continue exploring long after you've exhausted the main quest story, joined with the Thieves Guild, fought alongside the Dark Brotherhood, or thrown your support behind one of the factions vying for control of Skyrim. Not only is this land under assault by dragons, long thought to be dead, it's also ripped in two by civil war. You can choose one side or the other, but so much of the allure of Skyrim is how, even outside of the confines of quest lines, the embattled state of the world is evident, and steeped in a rich fictional legacy. Lord of the Rings this is not, but with the release of every Elder Scrolls game, the fiction becomes denser, and the cross-referencing for long-time fans all the more rewarding. Skyrim's residents are all aware of current events. They'll comment on the civil war, some sympathizing with the rebels, others thinking the establishment sold its soul. The peasants complain about the Jarls who control each settlement, the Jarls complain about the rebels or foreign policy, the overprotective College librarian complains when I drop dragon scales all over his floor; many characters feel like whole, distinct personalities instead of vacuous nothings that hand out quests like a downtown greeter hands out flyers for discount jeans. Characters stereotype based on race, they double-cross at even the slightest hint it might be profitable, and they react to your evolving stature within the world. It makes a ridiculous realm, filled with computer-controlled cat people and humanoid reptiles, demon gods and dragons, feel authentic, like a world that existed long before you showed up and will continue to exist long after you leave. 10/10 frome me lads :)
game-hours: 312.1
review: Epic Really. No Lag At All.All I Can Give is praise.
game-hours: 377.3
review: The only RPG worth playing. nuf said.
game-hours: 245.0
review: EPIC!
game-hours: 180.2
review: 10/10. Get it. NOW. Bethesda's brilliant fifth installment to the Elder Scrolls series is a have to have heard of type of game. It has a brilliant setup in the map layout, leveling system,a and much more! No two save files are alike. With about 10 different races to play as, there are many kinds of gameplay. And there's hundred's of side quests to do and an ENORMOUS map, It's so hard to get bored! So if you don't have this game GET IT, you're missing out.
game-hours: 455.7
review: One of the best RPG games, ever. Period.
game-hours: 5.2
review: The Elder Scrolls just gets better and better.
game-hours: 162.5
review: Are you really gonna look at this saying "should I buy this game" if you're there is something wrong with you no offence, this is the best game ever made xD it has over 100 hours of game play and you could just run around and have many more its just a really fun game showing how good these guy are who made it!
game-hours: 110.3
review: So I started my latest game of Skyrim with the aim to try every single type of combat, try smithing, enchanting, alchemy and as many quests as I could find. I was going to absorb everything this game had to offer. Then my girlfriend got involved.... She decided she liked this game full of dragons, magic, swords and being a badass who could destroy it all. I was hopeful that I had finally found a game we could both play and talk about. NOPE. Her idea of playing has become sitting on the second computer chair, browsing facebook and ordering me to kill people at random. I can no longer enter any of the cities without being molestered by several angry guards and I'm pretty sure I have lost a lot of minor quest characters. This game no longer has any meaning to me. I will play again when I have rid myself of my real world companion... So that I may return in peace to my Skyrim ones
game-hours: 194.0
review: I've lost way too much of my life to this game. That said, I'd absolutely suggest that everyone else should do the same. Skyrim spent quite a while in production, and it shows. The world is absolutely beautiful, and the gameplay is just awesome. If you're hesitant to spend the money, I assure you that it's worth it; there are hours upon hours of content, and I'd say that it also has a good replay value.
game-hours: 177.1
review: Absolutely fantastic game - if it should even be refered to as a "game". A masterpiece in terms of graphic design, beautiful landscapes and carefully tinkered dungeons are just around the corner, no matter where you are. Above everything else, this game will take up so much of your time; not because of frustrating moments, but the sheer amount of gameplay that's been put into this game. Apart from the main questline, there's hundreds of other sidequests to take part in. The imersion of natrual beauty is incredible, however little can be said about NPC realism. NPCs aren't very quote "smart", as they tend to repeat the same lines continuously and grow to be quite annoying. That's just one of the few downsides about this game however, next to the glitches and awkward combat system. All in all, very great 3D RPG, to anyone who doesn't have it: get it NOW!
game-hours: 317.5
review: Bought this thinking "Oh, it can't possibly be as addicting as everyone says". I was wrong. Very wrong.
game-hours: 81.0
review: It's hard to get bored while playing this. There's stuff for everyone, really.
game-hours: 418.8
review: hmm Khajiit thinks Obilvion was better............. Anyhow Skyrim is still a great game plus a great modding community. Compared to the previous 2 games Skyrim is a little lacking in quest writing, varienty in enemies, bright vibrant colour scheeme is gone. I prefer the leveling system of say Fallout or Oblivion more but there is nothing wrong with it works well. The main quest is alright was never really that excited about any of the quests in it though and that brings me to my next point. Many quests are dull in this game usually go get this or go kill that same with most other rpgs but there are no variety in eneimes to go kill or items you go get and the diolauge makes me not even want to help these people. The diolauge in this game is something to be desired you will find that most people are  in Skyrim. Most conversations and quest givers other than the main quest or faction quests are just dull, and leave me not wanting to help these people except for the reward. In comparison to Oblivion where I accually wanted to help these quest givers out because the diolauge was written like they needed the help badly in some cases. The items you go get are usually just the same model of sword or weapon already in the game like iron, or steel etc. just with a different name. The faction quests are pretty good wish they were longer and more drawn out. Joining the Companions and being harbrindger one week later seems kind of unrealstic and breaks the immersion I tad bit. A better system would be like Oblvions where you had 2 quest givers in different cities and you had to wait sometime inbetween a quest for both of them and a larger quest from someone higher up in the guild. The civil war questline is meh. Its fun for maybe the first seige but its the same thing over and over again go take this fort. and after it is over does not really change anything except jarls. A joinable thalmor faction could be really fun (as Khajiit and High Elves are my two favorite races I like the Thalmor) but both factions play the exact same and its the same fort taking mission over and over again not that great. Dragons! The most wanted feature in a TES game well they are cool at first. They will quickly become a nusince as you progress and beat the mainquest. When you beat the main quest dragon spawns are at their highest spawning. People who walk everywhere will quickly start to fast travel as stopping every 5 minutes to fight the same dragon battle over and over again. Dragon battles provide little diversity in between dragons except how stong they are or if they breathe fire or ice. but they all behave the same. I eventually just downloaded passive dragons mod and only faught the dragons I wanted to/had to. Level Design is better in most areas I did not find that the cities to be that fun to explore but thats manly because poeple are dull to talk to. The cities look very good and are fine even if some are rather small. In caves and other dungeons the alternate exits usually hidden but not hard to find are nice to save from backtracking. The caves are sort of linear not going to aruge that its bad the ones in prvious games were also pretty linear. Dwemer ruins are not linear however, they are massive and easy to get lost in I know I have and as the level map leaves something to be desired It is sometimes easy to get lost. Combat is the concept of all all Modern TES games hack and slash. My only issue with combat is that it is easy. I hardly ever died on my first playthrough on normal its just not hard. I know play on Master with a more hardcore combat mod and that provides an adquit challenge in some parts. On the plus side combat is a lot more balanced for the user if you want to be an all caster or mage guy you can do it if you want to be an archer you can in skyrim. In oblvion do to what I think was a more difficult game It was hard to just be a mage or an archer. none of my only magic classes ever worked out as they are just to weak when eneimes get close. Archer can work later on when stealth is up there in level. In skyrim I found that magic is more excesible for most spells. Spells are lacking though there is not near close to amount of spells in skyrim as there was in oblivion (not that you could cast many of these spells) and morrowind. which is sad but they were not really needed. Stealth is just as overpowered as Oblvion haha. When your stealh gets past 50 you will hardly ever have to fight again if you so choose. In my opinion stealth should be more realistic with higher damage done to enimies but if you shoot someone they should always be on alert and be actvily looking for you, since their buddy just got shot they are not going to say must have been hearing things and get back to their normal activites. I get that this is not a stealth game it was just a suggestion to make stealth more interesting and challenging. Leveling. Leveling is streamlined in skyirm. you no longer have skills like willpower strength endurance, and the others from oblvion. Instead you have health staimnia or magicka.kind of dummed down but it works. Than you have your skills like one handed, two handed, archery, light armour, heavy armour, stealth, crafting, enchanting and there is more. every time you level you get one point to spend in any of these trees to unlock new ablities. The problem with this system is that some skill trees are just useless. I have never put a point in enchanting, pickpocketing, whatever that persuaion speechcraft one is. There is just no use since I have never enchanted an item in skyrim in all my hours of playnig it. Enchanting could be usefull if combined with spellcrafting. Spellcrafting is gone from oblivion. Spellcrafting wasnt very usefll except for creating spells that do nothing to power level your charaters magic ablities. But it was fun and a good feature to try to find the right combination of spell the problem with it in oblivion was soul gem limitation though. With skyrims better magic system or more powerfull magic system that feature could have shined. I am still mixed on the magic takes hands to use for mage charaters I do not have a problem with it but you have to hotkey your shield or the spell so you can go back to blocking if you say were healing yourself, which is a little inconvientient on the difficulty I play on but it works amazingly for casting spells the dual wielding spells is just fun and the fact that it makes the spell even more powerfull or combining two spells is a really great feautre. DLC The DLC expansions are great they both offer more weapons and armour, quests, and more eneimes to slay. Hearthfire is a little lacking but for the price it sales at its not bad. Its cool building your house ingame but as have used the Construction set to build houses or castles before It is not needed for me. Otherwise good DLC in the way DLC should be released as expansions that add alot of good content not tiny little packs of say a weapon set. In summery the lesser diolauge, poor quest writing, less varitey, and other minor gripes makes in my opinion Oblivion to be the better game. in my opinion enviroments look better in Oblivion while not high texture the bright and vibrant colours makes Oblivion just more fun for me to explore. While not game breaking to skyrim the dark colour scheme that many games today are adopting is just dull with a greyish tint. Sure mods fix this but this was a review or vanilla game. Skyrim is still a good game with 300 plus hours I still have not done everything the game and the DLCs have to offer. And with close 170 mods installed it adds even more content for me to enjoy and for everyone to enjoy. really big thanks to bethesda for continuing the excelent mod support. The construction set is great and easy to use, and I thank you for that. 9/10
game-hours: 51.9
review: Skyrim, there, that's more than what you need it, grab it, now. Really, why haven't purchased it? Do it! Really bro! Do it! Really, do. it.
game-hours: 1.5
review: IT IS FUN
game-hours: 313.1
review: I can't even count how many hours I spent on just vanilla one on my xbox and then I made the greatest decision to buy it on Steam like I should have in the first place and with mods it is all completely new again. And the DLC adds a lot of content. 10/10 would ruin social life again
game-hours: 162.5
review: I love collecting the lusty argonian maid collection and putting them on all my bookshelves. I would recommend for the lizard love!
game-hours: 667.8
review: A modern classic. If you enjoy RPG's at all you owe it to yourself to give this game a try.
game-hours: 96.7
review: Phenominal RPG game that takes on a whole new look at the Elder Scroll series. Out of ten, this game should receive a 9.9.
game-hours: 210.0
review: Epic RPG! What's more important is that steam workshop makes installing mod become very easy and safety.
game-hours: 81.5
review: Epic gameplay and highly addictive... 10/10! :D
game-hours: 96.0
review: The Best Game that i have bought from the steam store! The graphics are just stunning and the gameplay experience was over my expectations!!!! To the people that are thinking of buying this game...GET IT NOW! :D Good Luck
game-hours: 163.3
review: I love this game. Its simple beauty lies in the amount of control the player has over how they play. Skyrim is a different game for each person, whether you like to play as a mage, a warrior, or a thief. With seemingly never-ending quests and objectives, you'll never grow bored of this game, because even if you can't find anything more to do, creating a new character creates an entirely new game and a new series of adventures. Trust me when I say it's really hard to get tired of this game. To top it off, the graphics are amazing, and Bethesda's new engine is gentle even to some underpowered systems. I can't recommend this game enough.
game-hours: 492.9
review: In total i have played 181 hours on the pc and a good 250 on console and if theres one thing i learned from 300+ hours of gameplay...It was probably the best 300 hours of time i ever wasted...that is until elder scrolls 6, I mean....I DIDNT SPOIL ANYTHING. NOTICE: all who have read this review are to be terminated under athority of bethesda code of conduct and are to be terminated by bethesda agents within the next 48 hours, and yes they have black suits sunglasses and an earpiece, and yes they will kick your door down like the bosses they are
game-hours: 113.5
review: Super good.
game-hours: 201.9
review: Your life means nothing until you play this.
game-hours: 93.5
review: Like Far Cry 3 with swords
game-hours: 164.0
review: I, as a dragonborn, cannot waste my time to write this  review. I gotta go to kill those dragons and honor my guild!
game-hours: 219.0
review: Lot of mods with fetish armor ^^
game-hours: 25.7
review: Awesome game, it has lots of quests. It's very interesting and exciting and have nice music.
game-hours: 103.6
review: The only Game that you killed a Farm Chicken then a whole castle of Guards get you, Best Game Ever~
game-hours: 312.2
review: One of the best games ever!!!!
game-hours: 269.5
review: This game is so epic i can do whatever i want to do
game-hours: 75.8
review: "An Introduction to RPGs" Thinking of getting into RPGs? This is it. If it's on sale, I strongly suggest you buy it. It's so addicting that it will take you a long time until you have nothing left to do, and even then you can just download mods and additional content for this game. The spending/hour ratio is incredibly good. Only criticism is the amount of bugs. Make sure you have bug cancelling mods before playing extensive hours of this game.
game-hours: 18.8
review: Fus Ro Dah!
game-hours: 26.7
review: Probably one of my favorite games EVER. It's open world, full of magic, fights, dragons and it's beautiful! A lot of choices of who you want to be, gender and free to do what you want...if you can deal with the consequences of your choices, of course! The soundtrack makes everything even better!
game-hours: 15.5
review: This game is alot like pokemon. You make your way to a city and after a series of trials you are awared Lydia, your first follower. You can level up and get armor for your Lydia and let it fight other people. You can also trade your Lydia for another follower with diffferent skills. Lydia herself has no skills except almost getting killed several times a quest making her a good distraction. Adopt a lydia today and she comes with a free set of gear tand ons of room to carry around the crap you want to keep but don't want to have in your inventory.
game-hours: 140.9
review: I can kill gods and demons that have lived for millenia with nothing more than a spoon that I stole from an elderly couple, but I can't kill the scantily-clad woman that works at the mill with the most powerful greatsword in existence. Though I must admit, no satisfaction is equal to the feeling of achievement when you lure a Draugr Death Overlord to the edge of a cliff and subsequently yell at them; causing the Death Overlord to be catapulted to their splattery death hundreds of meters below. Or perhaps when you sneak up behind a merchant, carefully reach into their back pocket and pull out the person's skull and heart, only to then sell said organs back to the merchant because they're a merchant. 10/10 best shouting simulator in Tamriel.
game-hours: 241.2
review: good.
game-hours: 680.3
review: This game is a unbelieveable adventure, even if you haven't played the older Elders Scrolls games it doesn't matter. There are some inside jokes, that you might not understand unless you have played the older ones (Mai'q I'm looking at you). With the addition of Steam Workshop you can mod this game very easily to increase the graphical fidelity, or add more quests, although the main quest, is already excellent and the sidequest are great. The graphics on their own are good, but not great. But remember we're looking at a 2 year old game so the graphics, aren't at 2013 level. With the addition of Dawnguard and Dragonborn you can add two whole new questlines which both you can affect like the main games quests. Pros: Quests are great. Even after completing the main quest line, you will have a lot of interesting side quests. The attention to detail is amazing. The world levels with you, after you break a certain level you will see new enemies. Cons: Voice acting isn't the strongest part of this game; the same voice actors are recycled from character to character. The graphics aren't the best, but remember, we're looking at a 2011 years game.
game-hours: 192.6
review: Hours of Fun!
game-hours: 43.8
review: FUCE RO DA!
game-hours: 330.5
review: fun
game-hours: 403.9
review: This is just an amazing game, there is just so much to discover. Just AWESOME :) :D
game-hours: 76.4
review: Amazing game as always.
game-hours: 74.7
review: One of the greatestt games of all time
game-hours: 16.8
review: So damn addictive.. played till 5 am in the morning.. got up at 11:30 and started playing again :D .. Dayum!!
game-hours: 37.4
review: this game is so much better on pc then it is on ps3 i love it
game-hours: 142.5
review: Without a doubt one of the best games I've ever played! It's practically never-ending, and there's always something to do. If you like to play a game for a long period of time, this is definitely the game for you!
game-hours: 568.6
review: I first played this game on xbox 360 and completed the entire game and DLC. I then purchased it on my computer and have had an absolutely wonderful experience on my second play through. I have over 200 hours of game time into modding alone and still havent finished the main quest. The modding community has put the game into the beyond ps4 era if you have the hardware. I have nothing but good remarks and can honestly say this may be my favorite game of all time (Zelda is a close second). If your on the fence with this one, delve into Skyrim because you can make this game better than anything that will come out in the next five years if you have the patience and determination. Don't believe it, check out my screenshots.
game-hours: 318.6
review: This game is totally BADASS! I loved Oblivion and i love Skyrim too, i definitly recommend this game to all RPG fans... Stay awesome Bethesda!
game-hours: 52.7
review: Still one of the best RPG's you can get! Got a total playtime of over 600h and still can't get enough of it. Graphic is with the HD Textures and mods amazing. The Mod community is just great and if the normal game bores you, you can always get some amazing mods and the game will be as amazing like when you played it for the first time!
game-hours: 192.0
review: BEST GAME EVER,Lost My Life Becuse of This Game,99999999/5 stars
game-hours: 82.3
review: this game is so long to synchronize
game-hours: 1.2
review: Cause there are dragons, DRAGONS! And ostkaka!
game-hours: 25.9
review: Love it! Havent jumped into all the DLC yet but so far so good.
game-hours: 95.0
review: I love Skyrim and I will be playing TESO as well. If you ahve not played any of the Elder Scrolls games please give them a try.
game-hours: 447.8
review: Quite a good game in default. Level scaling is not as much obvious as was in Oblivion. For best playthrough, I suggest of using some overhaul mods which makes it perfect
game-hours: 141.4
review: buy it is asome
game-hours: 22.6
review: Ever dreamt about a fantasy novel coming alive, without the really cheap plastic weapons and bag cg effects, that is what Skyrim is to me, a world I wish I could live in. We waited a long time for Skyrim but it was worth it, the Elder Scrolls series never fails to take over your life, anyone who games has to play Skyrim, even if they are a FPS monkey it has to be tried.
game-hours: 428.7
review: Once all the hype died down and I started replaying Skyrim I noticed a lot of flaws with the game that weren't apparent to me when I initially played it. While the gameplay of Skyrim is a necessary improvement over Oblivion and Fallout it just lacks a lot of depth that even Oblivion had. The lack of classes really makes every character you play as feel similar, and the lack of restrictions or stats means you can play a Thief in heavy armor and justify it by the game just not caring. Indeed the questlines are interesting the first time around but the lack of the ability to fail them or indeed decide an alternate route makes them really tedious the second or third time. It makes them feel very shallow, and it doesn't help there's only maybe 7 of them before you are automatically promoted to the head of the specific guild you joined. The game's pretty great the first time you play it but I really don't look upon Skyrim as well as I used to. The shallow content really rings true once you've tried replaying the game and the interesting dungeon aesthetic only points out how you go in a straight line in all of them.
game-hours: 167.6
review: I am Jesus. Buy this game.
game-hours: 27.0
review: AWESOME game one of the most fun ive played, also it is chalenging i know i spelled that wrong but ime to lazy to research it. when you first enter this spectacular RPG you think I AM GOING TO HAV SO MUCH FUN PLAYING THIS GAME and your right,it is over all the best game ive played, ps you realy haf to pay atenchen to diolect. i ame sory for miss spelled words.
game-hours: 162.1
review: You can haz sweetroll
game-hours: 1404.2
review: I have used up 30% of my life on this game
game-hours: 295.7
review: Although I only recently purchased skyrim, I must thank a good friend of mine to give me his copy. I accumulated over 600hrs since 2012, and I had to buy the game for myself. Skyrim is not without its flaws, suffering from a bland main plot and some bugs. But this is one of those games that you will never put down. Like all other Elder Scrolls games, the world and lore is giant and immersive. After completed the main storyline quickly, I was a little disappointed. The main storyline leaves much to be desired, but that is not what kept me playing Skyrim. There are multiple story arcs that you may complete that do not necessarily contribute to the main storyline, some are great, others are tetius. I only put maybe 30hrs into the main storyline, and after that is when Skyrim really begins to shine. Exploring Skyrim is amazing, reading lore, discovering dwemer ruins, participating in a civil war, it never gets old. At this point, modding is a great idea. Installing an ENB makes it look better than some games released in late 2013, mods that add quests and expand on the world, with mods the game is truly endless. I will never stop playing Skyrim. 9.5 Near Perfect.
game-hours: 68.4
review: Well considering ive bought this twice shows how good the game is
game-hours: 11.3
review: Really worth spending my cash on. But only one word can describe this game, and that is "Amazing". I Mean the graphics, the storyline, the fighting, its just breathtaking. Definitly Recommend buying this game when you have the chance!
game-hours: 265.7
review: BEST GAME EVER MADE BY THE LEGENDARY EDITOIN WORTH IT BUY NOW 10/10
game-hours: 114.7
review: me pongo humedo en mis pantalones cuando juego
game-hours: 5.1
review: It's Skyrim, why don't you have it already!?
game-hours: 154.1
review: I Believe that the Elder Scrolls: Skyrim is one of the best games I've ever played. This game has An unlimited amount of detail, fun, and story. Even more counting the DLC and the Steam Workshop. This game can easily top many games that will be made in the future that are "supposedly" more advanced. Whenever a new open world RPG is released they just do the same thing that Skyrim does but with less detail. I hope the next sequels of the Elder Scrolls franchise will maintain the Fantastic feel as the one you get playin Skyrim.
game-hours: 62.2
review: I'm sure you know why I'm recommending this
game-hours: 54.9
review: Well, first of all this is a review, meaning it's my personal, subjective opinion of this game. So please keep that in mind before attempting to make a negative comment with bad language. Thanks. Second to mention, this game is absolutely overrated and overhyped. The Good: - Even on my not-so-leet-machine this game runs pretty good and solid. Only crashed twice in 50+ hours of gameplay. - The game itself, which will serve an insane amount of play hours. - The amount of details (books to read) and things to discover is insane. - The replayability. Dozens, if not hundreds or more combinations to build your character. - For any price below 15 Euro it's worth every penny. - The voice acting and overall presentation is superb. The Bad: - Game seems sometimes a bit unpolished and clunky. But only sometimes. I play with the help of the UESP Wiki which states that a lot of quest can be stuck because of bugs. I personally haven't encountered so far any of those, though. The Ugly and the things that kinda ruins it: - Your actions in Skyrim don't seem to affect anything in any way. No matter what fraction you choose, you'll end up doing all the quests (more to that in the following point), get mediocre equipment and that's it. I hoped to be (in the end) an overpowered thief / assassin after completing the quests from the Thieves' Guild and The Dark Brotherhood? Nada. You don't even get great equipment or stuff. You even can join fractions which are hostile to each other and nobody seems to bother. Killing everything or doing anything, nothing seems to change. RPG? No, more like a game with endless possibilites, only that nothing matters. - The quests are very repetitive and purposely serve to to prolong gameplay time. You always have to (for example) find a item at the complete other side of the map and your actions are not connected, meaning your actions in Skyrim don't matter. And the quests are absolutely dull; for example to get a final achievement for the Thieves Guild, you have to do 125 (!) quests and every single one of them is the same. Steal a thing, place a stolen thing, change numbers in a book. After stealing 20 times in a row the same object you kinda loose it (no pun intended). - The leveling system is WAY to prolonged. I don't mind spending a lot of hours in a game, especially a RPG, but come on, one has to spent a whole eternity to actually become a badass character in even one skill. By the time you're (for example) a 100 level Marskman you've already finished all the fractions you're interested in. - The necessity of mods. I don't know WHAT stuff the developers smoked during testing, but the interface of this game is probably the definitively worst I have ever encountered. Even after installing the mod SkyUI its HORRIBLE and slow as hell. Absolutely horrible. Like I mentioned in the beginning, this game is completely overhyped and overrated in every aspect. In conclusion this game tries to have and be anything, but isn't. It's like jack of all trades, master of none. Still, if you have 15 bucks left, buy it.
game-hours: 580.6
review: When I played Skyrim for the first time, I was blown away by the attention to detail, and the vast variety of quests and locations to discover. To those who treat Morrowind like it is the holy game, take those nostalgia goggles off! Seriously, this game has not been dumned down. Skyrim has improved on many features which Morrowind and Oblivion first implemented. My favourite part of the game is interactibility, while my least favourite part of Skyrim are the amount of glitches. Not gamebreaking, just annoying. 9.5/10
game-hours: 48.8
review: If this game had a  id bury my  in it. Actually, there's probably sex mods, so brb, 1000+ hours sexing on record inc
game-hours: 224.8
review: Dovahkiin, Dovahkiin, naal ok zin los vahriin, Wah dein vokul mahfaeraak ahst vaal! Ahrk fin norok paal graan fod nust hon zindro zaan, Dovahkiin, fah hin kogaan mu draal! Huzrah nu, kul do od, wah aan bok lingrah vod, Ahrk fin tey, boziik fun, do fin gein! Wo lost fron wah ney dov, ahrk fin reyliik do jul, Voth aan suleyk wah ronit faal krein Ahrk fin zul, rok drey kod, nau tol morokei frod, Rul lot Taazokaan motaad voth kein! Sahrot Thu'um, med aan tuz, vey zeim hokoron pah, Ol fin Dovahkiin komeyt ok rein! Dovahkiin, Dovahkiin, naal ok zin los vahriin, Wah dein vokul mahfaeraak ahst vaal! Ahrk fin norok paal graan fod nust hon zindro zaan, Dovahkiin, fah hin kogaan mu draal! Ahrk fin Kel lost prodah, do ved viing ko fin krah, Tol fod zeymah win kein meyz fundein! Alduin, feyn do jun, kruziik vokun staadnau, Voth aan bahlok wah diivon fin lein! Nuz aan sul, fent alok, fod fin vul dovah nok, Fen kos nahlot mahfaeraak ahrk ruz! Paaz Keizaal fen kos stin nol bein Alduin jot, Dovahkiin kos fin saviik do muz! Dovahkiin, Dovahkiin, naal ok zin los vahriin, Wah dein vokul mahfaeraak ahst vaal! Ahrk fin norok paal graan fod nust hon zindro zaan Dovahkiin, fah hin kogaan mu draal! 10/10
game-hours: 83.1
review: The best RPG of last 2 years) You must have this masterpiece)
game-hours: 132.6
review: I punched a child in the face and nobody even batted an eyelid. However, I stole a tomato and the whole city tried to kill me... 10/10
game-hours: 125.0
review: GREAT GAME! I don't understand why you have not bought this yet...
game-hours: 169.1
review: the point at which I screamed at my computer " OFF DRAGON I AM TRYING TO PICK FLOWERS," was the point at which I realised this was the best game ever.
game-hours: 121.5
review: I yelled at a cow and it died, then punched a chicken and suddenly the entire town was trying to kill me, later I rode a horse off a cliff, killing the horse and I thought myself too until I stood up and brushed the dirt from my pants. After that, I punched a moose in the balls and it died, so that was a thing. Then I fought a dragon that tokyo-drifted into the side of a cliff. Afterward, I shouted at a goat and it fell down the mountain like something out of goat simulator. All in all, 12/10 would dickpunch livestock again.
game-hours: 84.1
review: I rode a horse up a 90 degree angel. I tried to marry a vampire. I joined a cult. I did drugs. I've killed countless people. Buy the game.
game-hours: 233.6
review: Spawned in a lot of lockpicks and gold while in the middle of the room... got stuck in the room. Best game ever!!
game-hours: 226.6
review: The Elder Scrolls V Skyrim legt grafisch und spiel technisch einiges drauf als sein Vorgnger Oblivion. Wer sich gerne lange in ein Spiel verbeist wird viel Spa an Skyrim haben denn es ist nicht verpflichtent sofort alle Hauptquests zu erledigen, im gegenteil der Spieler hat die Freiheit zu whlen ob Haupt- oder Nebenaufgaben. Dazu ist Skyrim auch ein Open World Spiel. Dawnguard: Erste Erweiterung bringt den Skillbaum fr den Werwolf wie auch fr den Vampirmeister. Man whlt eine Seite (Gegen oder fr die Vampire) und zieht dem entsprechend los. Eine lohnesweter Erweiterung. Heartfire: Wer gerne Sims spielt oder Huser baut wird sich hier wohl finden. Es kommen neue Vorkommen und neue Gegenstnde vor. Man kann sich ein Grundstck kaufen, ein Haus bauen und dieses dan verdeitigen gegen Gegner. Eine nette gnstige Erweiterung fr jeden der etwas neues mchte. Dragonborn: Man geht auf eine Insel in Morrowide ... und was bekommt man? Richtig, viele neue Gegner, neue Rstungen/Waffen und viel neues in Skyrim. Auch die Storyline in dieser Erweiterung ist fesselnd! Alles im ganzen ist Skyrim ohne Erweiterungen ein groes fesselndes und grandioses Spiel, mit Erweiterungen noch grer,grandioser und fesselnder als zuvor.
game-hours: 59.7
review: very guud game this is, yes buy u 2 vill :3
game-hours: 500.8
review: Gr8 Game
game-hours: 124.7
review: good game lots of fun cant wait for elder scrolls online
game-hours: 90.7
review: It's Skyrim , play it , now seriously, go !
game-hours: 5.6
review: Its Skyrim, an elder scrolls game with modern visuals great modding tools and a ton of content, there is no way to go wrong with the game. You can have fun here whether you're an action fan, or if role playing is more your style this game was made for you! It is all the elder scrolls goodness wrapped up into one neat modern package and it would be a shame if you didn't at least try it! Also getting to play the game again after running through it on Xbox was just a treat so even if you think you've already seen all there is to see, you haven't.
game-hours: 158.8
review: Best game Evah must play for all of dos medival/magic time players
game-hours: 33.5
review: A great game, but you don't need Vino to tell you that. Come on, dude. What are you doing reading my review of Skyrim? Go out and do something with your life. Or play Skyrim. That's what I'm doing.
game-hours: 193.4
review: It was worth all the money, I love what this game offers. Each mission contains a mystery, surprise and a perfect history from my point of view.I like how thieves get out of the bushes and try to steal your money,you won't see it,might scare sometimes and a lot more to love abouth this game,I write here, but it would mean a lot to read.You would not find a game like this for a while.Show if you like RPG,try Skyrim best of his kind.
game-hours: 134.3
review: amazing defintily worth it
game-hours: 55.1
review: This is maybe the best RPG game, if not the BEST game of all time. The map is HUGE and it has many side quests and random quests and you can really just do whatever, from Murdering citizens to riding dragons!
game-hours: 297.6
review: Skyrim ist episch in jeder Art  von der schieren Gre der Spielwelt, ber die Vielfalt der Aufgaben und dem Reichtum der Geschichte bis hin zu den actionreichen Kmpfen! Das lang erwartete nchste Kapitel der Elder Scrolls-Saga entsteht in den Bethesda Game Studios - das Entwicklerstudio, das bereits fr das Spiel des Jahres 2006 und 2008 verantwortlich zeichnete. Skyrim revolutioniert mit zahlreichen wegweisenden Neuerungen das Genre der Open-World Fantasy-Rollenspiele. In einer detailliert umgesetzten virtuellen Welt geht es auf eine spannende Abenteuerreise.
game-hours: 208.6
review: lets see, skyrim; what can i say for a review about that game called skyrim... well, now looking on it, i feel my situation explains it pretty well: as i write this, the time is 2:30 AM 2 days after i got it; and i already have 12 hours on this. and as i explore the world and view its life in every corner, i know i have only scratched the surface on the game. what can i say; i love the arnold schwarzenaeger voice for the guards.
game-hours: 145.8
review: Skyrim is good the end.
game-hours: 77.8
review: If you don't own skyrim, please uninstall life!
game-hours: 51.0
review: One of the best games I own.
game-hours: 177.2
review: This game, is so much fun! From just running around killing things, to downloading Mods turning Dragons into Thomas the Tankengine. If you liked any of the other Elder Scrolls then you will hands down love this game just as much if not more!
game-hours: 40.2
review: Honestly I have to say this is one of the best games I have ever played in my whole entire life . I own it on Xbox 360 and I loved it so much I had to buy it on steam. If you buy this game and you have an Xbox or a PS3 I would recommend buying it on steam because you can download mods and fun  like that.
game-hours: 33.4
review: cant wait for the next fallout game
game-hours: 51.1
review: kewl
game-hours: 51.0
review: An absolutely gorgeous experience filled with adventure, exploration and dragons. A must have for any Elder Scrolls or fantasy medieval games. Get it !
game-hours: 162.2
review: Beautifull game. The story is great. Sooo many weapons/armour to choose and make. The open world is masssive. I have spent 182 Hours on it. Stunning graphics, especially when you mod it. If you are a Elder Scrolls fan, you must add this game to your library! Personally I give it a 10/10.
game-hours: 146.4
review: Stealth Killed a Dragon. 20/20
game-hours: 20.2
review: Its liek far cry 3 with dragons and without guns 10/10
game-hours: 188.3
review: I have recommended this game because it is indeed a fun game. I sank hours into it on my Xbox and at least one hundred more with mods and the like on PC. I do also, however, advise that if you are a fan of The Elder Scrolls past games, that you consider not buying, or at least, relying heavily on mods after you do buy this game. This game is not really for past TES fans. It does what it does well enough, which is to throw you into the familiar world of Vikingland - I mean uh, Skyrim - and let you do whatever the hell you please, whether that be kill hordes of bandits or search for treasure. But, as I've said, this game is not for TES fans past. It is for the new age of gamers, who just want to play a game and not have a worry in the world. This is not so much an RPG as it is an action game with some slight focus on RPG elements like crafting and raising and acquiring skills. There are quests, yes, but they are repetitive. There is a story, but it is very basic. You wouldn't think to look at it, but Skyrim is in its own newer category of semi-RPGs. And therein lies the problem. The Elder Scrolls was always about being who you wanted, creating a deep character with an interesting story, having awesome quests to do and plenty of unique treasures to be uncovered. Sadly, depth is all but gone in this game. Its paper-thin at best. There are mods for that, but you shouldn't have to use mods to add something so standard to RPGs to this game. Combat is completely reliant on your skill, not your character's like in previous games. The perks make a difference only much later. If you have ANY kind of ranged damage available to you, you win. Essentially that is how combat works. If my archery skill actually mattered, I would slowly begin to see an increase in how much weight I could put into my shots or maybe higher chances to cause bleeding effects with my arrows. You see my point? Perks eliminate the purpose of your character's actual skill. They do add a sense of "bettering" yourself, but at what cost? Simplifying combat and removing depth in the sense of your character's skills actually making a tiny difference in terms of gameplay. Character development? Forget about it. All characters in Skyrim are essentially copy-pasted NPCs, and boy are they generic. Sexy Nord females abound. Oh yeah, and tons of guards that say the same things to you with sub-par voice acting, no less. Granted, some features such as the option to marry are welcomed, but they do not fill the void that most TES fans might be looking for. What this game does have going for it, though, is exploration and discovery. It feels good to explore the map, and if you want the best reward, don't fast travel. It seriously ruins any explorative tendencies in the game. But yes, it does feel good to explore, and discovering dungeons and caves is really fun at times. If only all the dungeons didn't feel the same, it would be even better. While I may have many gripes with the game, it is enjoyable. If you want hours of mindless adventuring and hordes of mods to improve the experience overall, then get the game. If that isn't what you want, and you want the original Elder Scrolls experience, than you probably already have that with Morrowind, or Oblivion. tl;dr This is a good game, but it is not a good RPG. Recommended to adventuring fans, not recommended for Elder Scrolls fans that want the experience they love.
game-hours: 142.6
review: Why are you still reading this review and not buying this game?
game-hours: 138.2
review: I dont play this game anymore, i just mod it now. 11/10 would crash again
game-hours: 29.6
review: Best game ever! This game will give you hundreds of playtime, side-quest and amazing story line. Absolutely worth of money but don't forget to buy all DLC's - they are better than basic game :D
game-hours: 16.3
review: One of the most moddable games outside of Quake. -Combined with almost limitless replayability, even with a vanilla save, the game will last you for untold amounts of hours. Combat is a little clunky sometimes, but this is one game you probably owe yourself to playthrough once. #Wabbajack
game-hours: 151.0
review: Best game. 11/10 would bang again
game-hours: 168.6
review: yes
game-hours: 148.0
review: This game will ruin your life.
game-hours: 33.9
review: Skyrim has got to be one of my favorite games of all time. Bethesda always delivers in their games and does an excellent job enriching their open worlds with so much to do. I highly recommend this game to anyone who loves RPGs, or even those skeptics.
game-hours: 2.9
review: its an ok game i would not buy it when it was $40.00
game-hours: 2.9
review: its an ok game i would not buy it when it was $40.00
game-hours: 112.0
review: Fus Ro Dah! One of the greatest games ever made!
game-hours: 89.6
review: Very good game, and there's a lot of things to do in Skyrim (and a lot of people to talk!). Be patience and explore this extensive game.
game-hours: 21.1
review: like skyrim with skyrim
game-hours: 60.1
review: EPIC FANTASY REBORN The next chapter in the highly anticipated Elder Scrolls saga arrives from the makers of the 2006 and 2008 Games of the Year, Bethesda Game Studios. Skyrim reimagines and revolutionizes the open-world fantasy epic, bringing to life a complete virtual world open for you to explore any way you choose.
game-hours: 102.2
review: Excellent replayability, as well as a long life (as you can see with over 90 hours on a single save, and that's without any big mods).
game-hours: 0.9
review: If you dont own this already I want you to cut a hole in your wall, go in it, patch the hole off, and live there forever, crying, for the rest of your life knowing that you never owned one of the best games of all time. Im sorry for you, honestly.
game-hours: 22.8
review: Best game ever 10/10
game-hours: 184.8
review: I got to have sex with a little bunny after killing it several times and after resurrecting it, and killed it again
game-hours: 105.7
review: Skyrim is the rpg you have allways wanted. No class systom, just make your own play style. Fun and awesome quest. Be a badass Dovakin dragon slayer.
game-hours: 140.0
review: A friend of mine got me into this game a while ago and it's free roaming gameplay, and general ability to craft almost anything reeled me in. Then the ability to mod the game came in and I was hooked even more. With every DLC the game kept growing. Even after being out for years now this game just keeps going. People love it and I know why they do. With all that people contribute to making the game more than it was released as, it has become a people's game made by Bethesda but shaped by the players into whatever vision each of us may have. It has become a huge way for so many to express ideas and share them with countless others. As a modder for this game the happiness my work and the work of so many others brings to people is priceless...and better than any amount of $.
game-hours: 147.6
review: Very good game. While the story may not be as good as in previous Elder Scrolls games, it's still a epic game. The fact that you play as a Dragonborn is a nice change, which brings me to the Shouts. They were a very good addition to the game, and they can be pretty fun, for example Unrelenting Force (A.K.A. the popular FUS RO DAH). Graphics wise, it's not the best there is in terms of textures (theres also shadow striping in some spots), but graphics aren't always the main priority of a game. There are bugs, and stuff that should have been in the game, but the DLC's add extra questlines and content which are really great (my favorite is Dragonborn, but you may have different opinions). Dragonborn and Dawnguard add extra questlines and places, and Hearthfire gives you the ability to build your own home in 3 places. Even so, if you want the game to be PERFECT, then get the mods you want and your experience will be very great. Score: 9/10 (by itself) 9.4/10 (with DLC) 10/10 (with DLC and mods)
game-hours: 11.3
review: Just bought this game on sale for $4.99 gotta say it pays to have steam!
game-hours: 98.6
review: Anyone who likes RPG's should have Skyrim. A lot of people will say Oblivion was better, and in a lot of ways it was, but with the Steam Workshop and the Nexus at your fingertips, Skyrim easily becomes one of the funnest and most immersive RPG's out there. Vanilla Skyrim is fine, but the mods make it what it is. Definitely recommend it.
game-hours: 132.4
review: Safe to say this is one of the best games out there if you like adventure and magical storytelling. I loaded this with mods like Climates of Tamriel, Vanilla Nights, Real Rain, HD textures and Purewater. Its stunning on ultra!! Allthough im not a fan of medieval kind of games, Skyrim really sucked me in and i love to explore this game. It only gets better and better :) You should play this!
game-hours: 384.0
review: I would not have recommended this game three years ago. However the mod community, lowered price and *excellent* expansion pack content make Skyrim a must-own, and not for the vanilla experience. I will stand by my opinion that Oblivion was better, especilly in the uniqueness of the quests it offered as opposed to "find x in cave full of draugr", and don't get me started on the BS "but the combat is better in Skyrim" argument since the same bad combat system is just hid behind fancy execution moves. But the expansion pack content is genuinely interesting and through modding I've made my game a hardcore and fast-paced experience that feels not unlike Diablo, (to clarify that's in pure intensity and not literally like a dungeon-crawler). It's disappointing to have to merely say "the mods make this game" but that's the harsh reality in this case. The expansion content however, as I've stated twice already, is high-quality and only emphasises how mediocre the vanilla game is. Edit: Also I would highly recommend playing this game with a controller. The character feels more weighty to me that way, although that could be personal preference - you WILL have trouble playing an archer that way.
game-hours: 86.6
review: !  ,        .   !
game-hours: 325.7
review: One of the best games I've ever played
game-hours: 44.6
review: best thing since fried chicken
game-hours: 92.8
review: Well where do I begin. The Elder Scroll Skyrim is easy the best game I've ever played, Although I'm not the most hardcore reviewer in the world, It's an excellent game, and you should buy it if you don't have it already. You get an excellent RPG experience with an Open world environment and Hours apon Hours of content, and that's without the DLC or any Mods. Mods is what really makes this game shine. The Modding community on both Nexus and Steam Workshop are both excellent, and Bursting with content for you to enjoy. Like I said before, If you haven't already, Buy this game.
game-hours: 35.7
review: If there was a option to recommend to someone to buy a game straight away and say it would be a must have in their libary, it would be this game. Just buy it.
game-hours: 76.4
review: Vanilla Skyrim is great and all, but download some mods that overhaul graphics, combat, AI, difficulty and atmosphere along with some new quests to play through and it's almost like a completely different game and you'll have one hell of a time playing it.
game-hours: 161.7
review: One of the greatest games of all time. Truely a masterpiece.
game-hours: 329.1
review: Best game ever!!!! :D I could play this for several hours without stop! (As a matter of fact I already did! :P )
game-hours: 73.7
review: During my first run through Skyrim, I played as an Argonian battle mage. I know this seems strange, but things were going well. When I played the main quest "Diplomatic Immunity" and I went to the Thalmor Embassy, I forgot armor. I was a naked Argonian, fighting mages who used frost spells... As you can imagine I was unable to continue, and I had no saves before I gave my gear to Malborn (I also forgot I was a Werewolf lel). This frustrated me to the point where I was up late one night, contemplating of greater things, my final decision was to delete my character forever. I was crushed that this was the only way, so I had a huge falling out with Skyrim, I started playing other games, such as Call of Duty. Call of Duty was filling the whole in my emotional roof that Skyrim had left, but there was still a leak. I realized that Skyrim was always there for me, through thick and thin, we were a team. That's when I rushed to the store, bought a new copy of Skyrim for myself, and 50 others to give out to strangers on the street. Now I am a happy man, do yourself a favor, buy this game, and buy a second copy to give to your future spouse, so when you inevitably divorce them to be with Skyrim, they too can have a copy to love and cherish. Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
game-hours: 182.4
review: In this game ye get tae stab people
game-hours: 24.6
review: Best Game Evar !
game-hours: 74.9
review: This game doesn't even need a review, it's absolutely beautiful and amazing.
game-hours: 170.9
review: Ah, Skyrim, what a wonderful game. Time and time again I have found myself returning to the snowy, beautiful landscape that is this game's portrayal of Tamriel, each time making a new character, and finding new ways to play. What can I say about this game? A lot, actually. First of all, the game looks astounding. The dark feel creates an atmosphere like none other, but it somehow remains silly with all of the bugs never fixed (I'm looking at you, movement approximation.) The enemies are unique, not so much in their abilities, but in their style. In the open landscapes you'll find necromancers and wolves, but in dungeons and caves you'll Draugr (the equivalent of zombies), skeletons, and sometimes machines made by the ancient race called the Dwemer. Things like this make environments special and interestingly varied. The one complaint I have with the beauty is that the great mountains you can see in the distance throughout your travels aren't always so spectacular. When trying to traverse the countryside, the mountains usually just get in the way. Travelling around them is the easiest option, but by using the aforementioned bugs you can run up vertical slopes and clear them, if not entirely easily. The Elder Scrolls series is praised for its customization, and Skyrim offers the same amount as any other. Each type of weapon has its own skill tree, and cambining certain powers can make the game exceedingly fun. An assassin is not limited to blades, oh no. There is a school of magic that can aid in sneaking, and can come in handy when difficult situations present themselves. Or, you can be a battleaxe weilding mage if you so desire, using Conjuration and Alteration magic can grant defense and weapons without the toll on your inventory that real armor takes. More examples exist, and playing the game can reveal them. Quests are more fun in this game than most others I feel. While in many RPG's quests are there just for the sake of having them, Skyrim was built around them. Bethesda got voice actors to record lines for dozens of questlines, and the quests themselves consist of more than "Kill that thing," or "Get that other thing." They have plots and unique impacts on the world. making them much more substancial feeling than those of, say, Quest of Dungeons' quests, which are essentially fetch quests. Skyrim is not a perfect game by any stretch of the imagination, but whether you're looking for an RPG to get involved in, or just a time waster, this game has something to satisfy everone. 87/100 Buy it, dumbutt.
game-hours: 75.4
review: Super amazing game, I love the indepth class choices and playstyles you can have. The free open-world is what really makes it fun though! I probably spent 20 hours just exploring half the map itself haha :P I reccomend this game to all!
game-hours: 0.5
review: Excellent, open world RPG. In my opinion, not as pretty as Oblivion, and far easier than Oblivion - thus more accessible. Immersive, beautiful title, play your own way. Can easily log hundreds of hours just exploring side quests. DLC are fun, though not as good as Oblivion DLC (horse armour aside!). Played extensively and completed on XBox.
game-hours: 497.6
review: Steps to enjoying this game! -Have a powerful PC -Know how to install mods -Know how to use the Skyrim Nexus Website -Don't pick a khajiit Oh you mean will you enjoy the game? It's okay we all ask silly questions now and again! 11/10 - Would serve to Gaben on a plate
game-hours: 2264.7
review: Utterly beautiful graphics, vastly more content than you can shake a hundred sticks at, visceral combat, awesome dragons and absolutely worth playing. However, it's not without some significant flaws. If you're familiar with the magic system from the previous Elder Scrolls games, prepare for disappointment. The range of effects is vastly reduced (there are only three types of Destruction, for instance), and there's no spellmaking. Although you have the awesome ability to cast two spells at once (one from either hand), they completely missed the opportunity to make spell combinations. It all feels generic, dumbed-down and consoley. Though there's a million and thirty side-quests, they're pretty much all identical: go to X dungeon and kill a bunch of identical undead. The thieves' guild quest doesn't actually require you to steal things. People treat you exactly the same when you're level 1 as they do when you're master of all the guilds and wearing a dead dragon on your shoulders. Definitely get it - but be prepared to get a little jaded faster than you might have imagined.
game-hours: 3.0
review: ITS LIKE THE BEST GAME (makes rage sometimes)
game-hours: 47.6
review: Great game. Hours of fun. Wish I would have bought the legenday edition instead.
game-hours: 4.4
review: Best RPG ever made 200/9
game-hours: 294.5
review: I can kill Nazeem and Heimsker, which is the obvious point of this game. 10/10.
game-hours: 61.1
review: FUS ROH MODS!
game-hours: 371.8
review: 1 Word ...Epic!
game-hours: 149.9
review: Amazing game, amazing graphics, amazing gameplay and amazing combat - get. it. now.
game-hours: 111.1
review: An excellent game for trying out different styles of combat and really getting involved in the world. My personal favorite is archery -- taking pot shots at Draugr from across the catacomb and actually hitting them is the best feeling in the world! The game is apt to bore you after a while, but that's often only because you're not in the right mindset to play it. It's not for fooling around in; you'll get the most out of it by actually exploring the world and being your character.
game-hours: 394.9
review: Bethesda games are awesome. I recommend the Elder Scrolls Saga to all who get more crazy becouse of medication, then they were before they took that medication. Believe me when i say that being hooked to Bethesda games realy draws your mind away from worse addictions and/or psychiatrical problems.
game-hours: 78.5
review: A wonderful game and a true testament to the Elder Scrolls Series. Not as big as my beloved Daggerfall or Arena, but complete immersion into the environment is still possible. An easy to use skill system (though I do miss the in-depth ones of old) and a great character generation system make the game easy to play your way. Above all I love the customizability of the game itself, leaving it to the end-user to shape the game as they see fit. A great and immersive set of stories to go through, with DLC expanding it to many hours of enjoyable fun. This is by far one of the greatest games that I have ever played, and continue to play!
game-hours: 554.4
review: This game is excellent. In my eyes this game is a Masterpiece. If you are the last five people who does not own this game i must say this: You MUST buy it, because it is worth every cent.
game-hours: 511.5
review: Skyrim is one of those games you could play constantly for weeks, or even months and it's still fun. Then even after you get bored of it you can return months later, start a new adventure and have just as much fun as last time, if not more. Throw mods on top of it, the game just gets even better. The open world exploration is fantastic and there is always something new to discover, it's truly an adventure game and I recommend it for anyone who likes fantasy games and open world games.
game-hours: 28.1
review: BEST GAME EVERRRRRRRRR
game-hours: 35.1
review: 10/10 with mods, especially immersion mods, however even without mods this game is excellent.
game-hours: 97.0
review: Simply incredible. And there are tons of mods that allow you to enjoy the game again even when you were getting bored of it.
game-hours: 86.9
review: An amazing game with an awesome story/stories. There's so much to do that you can easily put 150+ hours in without touching the main plots.
game-hours: 60.4
review: mod
game-hours: 711.7
review: I would recommend this game to any fan of Bethesda or Elder Scrolls games!
game-hours: 95.9
review: FUS RO DAH that is all
game-hours: 54.0
review: Realy just the best game i ever played. it look's nice it's play's nice you can play YOUR way that is what i like about this game
game-hours: 670.8
review: Bethesda did it again! A fun RPG that you will spend countless hours into, 100% worth the $60 I paid. Plus on the PC version you get so many epic mods by the many communitys of mod makers. 9.5/10 GOTY RPG 2011
game-hours: 127.6
review: I very first started with a barbaric Nord who weilded 2-handers and dawned heavy armor and completely smashed everything in sight. I next played a Redguard Conjuration Mage Thief who dual wielded conjured weapons. And now I'm an Orc Werewolf Archer who is really good at pick pocketing. There is really no end to the amount of customization this game gives you. The player has complete and full control of who and what they want their character to be. I've played through this game so many times (originally had it for 360) and I STILL find all new areas to explore. I've never had so much fun with a game. 10/10 for a game after 3 years since it's release and still holds my attention for long periods of time.
game-hours: 272.0
review: This game can be very..very..very..long if your OCD for sidequests like I am..(i dont even know if i have the main story in my quests) and worried about walking into the infinate looping sidequests. The game has a few bugs in but its nothing game breaking, its enjoyable to RPG fans and obviously to elder scrolls fans. The 1st dragon kill can be very satisifiying but after like 10 of them it just feels like a normal enemy since the random spawn is so common.
game-hours: 34.7
review: rpg
game-hours: 433.8
review: It's Skyrim, everything positive you've heard about it is true, everything negative you've heard about it can be solved with mods.
game-hours: 40.2
review: i think it a very amazing game
game-hours: 99.7
review: so good
game-hours: 416.6
review: First time: HOLEE SHEIT DEM GWAPHICS (Jontron) First hour: Stop attacking me Hadvar! Dammit what the hell is wrong with this guy. 10 hours: Novice robes for 1300 gold?!?!?! 30 hours: Wasn't I supposed to kill a dragon? 100 hours *spams creation of daggers for smithing* 150 hours: How did I end up on this island 175: I've defeated Alduin! (Finally) 200: Mirrak you son of a  that was my dragon soul 250: Hello there shopkeeper, would you be interested in my vast asortment of baskets and plates? You can have all 8967871234 of them for just 1 gold a piece. P.S.Get an Nvidia card, ditch your 290X, it's so unfinished EA tried to publish it.
game-hours: 204.8
review: Well, much like previous Elder Scrolls games (I'm looking at you, Oblivion) the main quest line is very short, and very easy. Fortunately, there's plenty of other questing to be done, and the modding community is amazing, as it always has been. So, yeah, great (if a bit easy) content, great modding community, great game. Except for the guards bringing up knee arrows, but there's a mod to fix that!
game-hours: 30.3
review: Hartstikke leuk!
game-hours: 167.3
review: 10/10 would review again
game-hours: 1102.1
review: This is my one my favorite games. With modding you play forver. Woul highly recommend
game-hours: 337.2
review: a beautiful and emmersive game, but crippling bugs and accidential ( yes, accidental) exploits make it infuriating.
game-hours: 1312.5
review: What more could I possibly add about this game... Great adventure, great game play, expansive world, and a seemingly endless mod community. If you see it go on sale, you should probably pick it up, because I guarantee at least 200 hours in game play and that's just the beginning.
game-hours: 86.7
review: Loads of bugs and tons of crashes. 10/10
game-hours: 67.6
review: This game is worth the buy i play it non stop pretty much!
game-hours: 39.2
review: The best game of my life. Fus Ro Dah!!
game-hours: 722.6
review: bitmiyo..
game-hours: 142.2
review: Skyrim is the open world RPG game. It is the fifth installment in The Elder Scrolls series developed by Bethseda Softworks. You play as the Dragonborn destined to save Skyrim as well as the world of Nirn from annihilation from an evil in the form of an ancient dragon named Alduin. You travel across the province of Skyrim progressing in power, engaging in side quests, joining guilds or picking a side in the civil war that rages the land. Your character is very customizable through the many classes and races. The main story is rather short but makes up for it through the myriad side quests. But most of the game, you spend exploring the unfathomably vast landscape. The combat system is rather stiff but weapons are very diverse due to enchantments. The skill tree is nice allowing you to customize your character in specific skills from the points you gain when leveling up. The graphics of the game are quite stunning for its time and Jeremy Soule has created a masterpiece to your ears which fits the tone of the game. The game has a realistic feel through the lore and the environment. Bethseda took the time and made books adding to the realism. Everything seems to fit and comprehendable lorewise. The replay value of the game is increase due to the fantastic community. You can add mod from the Steam Workshop as well as the Skyrim Nexus adding to the fun of the game. Bethseda has released 3 DLCs where can expand on the story through vampires and the first Dragonborn as well as making your own family. This game is simply breathtaking and one of the best if not the best RPG I have experienced. Rating: 98/100
game-hours: 105.0
review: Shouting at bears has never been so fun.
game-hours: 53.7
review: Great game, great graphics, great sound, great storyline, and great mods. What else can a man ask for? :P
game-hours: 640.2
review: It's pretty late to write a review for Skyrim, but here goes anyway. Skyrim is a game where you are a person/creature called the Dragonborn, and hunt down dragons. The Dragonborn can absorb the souls of dragons, killing them permanently, and using the knowledge from that soul for your own strength. You learn different "Shouts" (Powers) from ancient walls with dragon language on them. These powers are the main element of the game. As for the options, you can be a powerful mage, a mighty warrior, a sneaky thief, a skilled craftsman, an alchemist, or a mixture of everything! You can take on huge side quests, such as joining a guild of thieves or assassins, a tea party with a madman, visiting a museum, or ending the current war going on. There are several ruins to delve into, bounties to collect, cities to live in, and trolls to kill. Of course, you will need a decent computer for this to run smoothly. There are quite a few bugs, but never enough to break the immersion. Hours upon hours of gameplay, but as far as the Main Quest, is lacking. There's just not enough. But all the other things you can do, make up for it. The possibilities with this game are endless! Final score: 9.5/10
game-hours: 151.8
review: This game will damage your life socially. However it is a must have for anyone who plays video games. This game is like a LoTR game that is actually amazing and you can do whatever you want. The base game itself already has a million more and the mods add about 999999999 other things you can do. I highly recommend it. EDIT: Level 81, still have misc quests and other things to do.
game-hours: 76.3
review: The best game ever!
game-hours: 81.1
review: Although it reeks of the Fallout new vegas game still the best Elder Scrolls yet, I prefer to it ESO! Love the story and it fits in with DF MW and OBLV well.
game-hours: 89.8
review: it was intense in a good way
game-hours: 37.5
review: This is an epic game!!!!!!!!! Its one of my favorites but not my absolluter favorite. The great thing about is mostley NEVER LAG.
game-hours: 25.5
review: Amazing game. If your computer can handle it, the graphics look AMAZING. I would not recommend playing vanilla, add some mods! Spice it up a bit! The gameplay is good, controls are good, has 1 to 1 headtracking. Hours and hours of fun. If you are reading this and you have completed every quest in Skyrim ever, I congratulate you. If you have just bought Skyrim, I encourage you to finish the main questline at your own pace, not right away. Anways, the game is great, totally worth the money.
game-hours: 13.0
review: This game is Ca-Ray-Zay
game-hours: 98.9
review: Great game. There's nothing else to say. Buy it if you don't have it. If you have it, play it.
game-hours: 133.4
review: Let's be honest, best game ever made, you can't go wrong here. also modding this game makes it twice better. 10/10.
game-hours: 3.5
review: The best game of 2011-2012
game-hours: 1760.3
review: i recommend this game because its an interesting game its a well known famous game everyone seems to love this game so much i played it for 2 years or more.
game-hours: 274.4
review: I drink to my youth, to the weeks come and gone, For my hours of Skyrim are just about done. I fought off the Stormcloaks, ran Imperials through - As an Arch-Mage and werewolf and Guildmaster, too. Long live Ulfric! Or kill him or whatever. I've fought the war twice and not one side is better. I'm the hero of Skyrim; everyone's in my debt - But if I kill a chicken, they'll all want me dead. Now it's Alduin time, and I'm finally prepared, My friends have all left me, but I simply don't care. (10/10, would rhyme again)
game-hours: 418.4
review: OH what a game!!! So many choices, so many things to do. Follow the quest, run off on sidequests, or just wander aimlessly to your heart's content... It's all in there. Focus on magic, be the best mage you can be: favor destroying stuff, become a Destructionist mage and burn, freeze, zap everything in your way. Like to protect yourself, specialize in the Alteration school. There are other schools as well; something for everyone. Or, just do a little bit of everything. Doesn't matter, you can tailor your playthrough to the way you want to play it. Fancy yourself a sneaky type? Focus on stealth, put everything in powerful daggers and level up backstabbing, and nothing will stand in your way. Want to snipe enemies from the shadows? Just start putting experience into bows and enchanting and take down targets' health, stamina, or magicka level from a distance so that one or two hits from your dagger or sword will make short work of them. Find or craft you a soul-trapping weapon and you can gather an infinite supply of souls to recharge your magical bows or melee weapons to keep doing massive amounts of damage. Burly warrior or wily agile fighter... you pick. The sky's the limit as you can basically do anything or be anything you want to be. Spend hours, days, months even, just exploring. Make a career out of hunting wild animals and gathering their pelts to sell for money so you can afford your own place, so you can even get married and adopt some kids. Just wander, if you want, as there are thousands of places (towns, villages, lone cottages, caves, mines, and mills) to enjoy, interact with, take on a job just about any place. I don't see how this game could get any better or do it better so that you can enjoy playing it your way... Oh wait, there are literally thousands of mods that do just that: from hundreds of new weapons, armor types, loot, potions, poisons, capes...it's just endless. And then there are all the mods for improving the low-quality objects found in the vanilla game, texture enhancements, gameplay enhancements, crafting overhauls, hundreds of new followers, creature types... it's just incredible what you can do. I don't see how anyone could NOT like this game. It's phenomenal.
game-hours: 490.2
review: Having played over 200 hours of this B-E-A-UTIFUL game, I can safely say it is one THE BEST games I have ever played.
game-hours: 10.7
review: This game is the game everyone just keeps comming back to, And with good reason, it's an addictive, Open World, RPG, Adventure game that is so Freaking addictive that you never wanna move away from your computer, even when you need to take a , The only Real downside is that if you play on pc, The Sensetivity of the mouse at default is slow as f***, even though that can be annoying as f*** it's still a Masterpiece Definitley Reccomend atleast Buy it, the people that made the game definetly deserve the money my Final score is 9.5/10
game-hours: 5.4
review: You can set the size for a chicken. 10/10
game-hours: 17.1
review: Amazing,ING AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,stats,weps,texture,amazing journey to stop dragons from returning :DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
game-hours: 592.8
review: --------BREAKING NEWS----------- I am bringing this report from various sources stating that Bethesda Game Studios have accidently released a product that has become so addictive that people are refusing to leave their computers. Persons having used this product have reported that they only played 30 mins but have awoken to a different day altogether. Reports of 3 -4 hour warp times are common with some users experiencing what seems to be a 6 hour jump in time. It seems after use, players become severely disorientated greatly yearning for sleep. However we have confirmed reports that this product is also quite addictive with reports from players seeking to finish one more quest but then relapsing into exploring this land that people have dubbed Skyrim. Experts are warning against the overuse of this product however it seems there is no stopping people wanting to experience more of this product as supposedly people have been experiencing a high when they find about stronger equipment in this game. Indecisive people are strongly warned about its addictive nature with one expert claiming that modded with ENB and other files found in the workshop and Nexus, the potency of this product can be extremely addictive with time jumps of 24 hours. Thats all from me today, back to the studio.
game-hours: 106.4
review: Let's just say that if I were trapped on a desert island that somehow got electricity and wifi and could only have one video game to play for my entire life I would choose this one. Because it is not humanly possible to do all that there is to do in this game in one life time and you will probably never get tired of it. Just when you think you're done, you'll get sucked back in somehow. It never ends. Ever.
game-hours: 390.6
review: Skyrim is second only to Oblivion, and that's only because of one aspect that will probably surpass it at some time. The mods for Skyrim are good, some are even fairly amazing and world making, but it's still NOTHING compared to the amount of mods and the quality of mods for Oblivion. Skyrim is overall amazing, save for the combat (though that can be modded to a degree) and the main story lacking in any real substance besides "Kill X to make sure world doesn't end". I got my money's worth out of it, especially with the DLC (my favorite being Dawnguard). 7.5/10, would buy and play again.
game-hours: 126.1
review: Almost jumped off a cliff because I thought I pressed f5. 10/10 would
game-hours: 66.5
review: Be me. Be a Nord. Skyrim is for the Nords. Kick small child at the mall for being an imperial dog in Skyrim. Day concluded by practicing my shouts while hunting deer in the forest. Must have used wrong shout, found no deer.
game-hours: 200.2
review: This game is just as great as it was 3 years ago, and with the contribution of the countless mods on the workshop and nexus, it is still way better than alot of recent games. It has an unlimited replay vaule with loads of different play styles, meaning there will be new stuff to find in every playthrough. 10/10 BRING ON ELDER SCROLLS 6!!!
game-hours: 202.8
review: This game is by default, Amazing. I recomend this to all and every gamer because there is no doubt that they will like it.
game-hours: 74.4
review: Recently started playing again, and immediately I was greeted with that old beautiful engine. Added some mods and then it got even better. With the addition of various Immersion mods, it really feels like I am right there in Tamriel. The snow feels cold and the rain wet. Can't wait for the next installment.
game-hours: 357.2
review: A fantastic game. Although the previous patches have fixed a lot of bugs in this game, I still recommend people use 3rd party mods to fix the bugs that haven't been patched up yet.
game-hours: 73.0
review: My favorite part is raising the baby dragons and using combos during the Lydia sex scene.
game-hours: 109.1
review: Skyrim - An ocean of possibility, but about as deep as a kiddy pool. For all of the 80 hours (I played with Steam off most of the time) I spent in the game fighting endless waves of Draugr and going through corridors of samey dungeons in the game, I would ask myself; "When will this get good?"The story has no depth whatsoever, every single story quest is simply "go to this dungeon and get this thing", and dragon fights are underwhelmingly easy. This is neither a good RPG or a good adventure game because not only is the skill system inferior to the original stat system of the previous games, but because the combat is  as  with your skill barely having an effect. I admit it will provide decent entertaintment with its interesting lore and the stupid ragdoll effects that occasionally make it look like the enemies are having awkward sexual intercourse with each other. If you manage to look past the many flaws and the shallowness of the quests, story, and characters, then this is a decent game for just filling the gaps with your imagination. Roleplaying is possible but greatly hindered by the fact that your character has instant mastery over weapon he/she picks up, though that can be fixed with mods. However if you're someone who comes straight from Morrowind and Oblivion, you'll appreciate the nice visuals and good animations (for a TES game), but that'll quickly be overlooked by the lackluster character building, the lame black-and-white story about "An ancient evil returns", nothing absolutely happening, an uninteresting Civil War plot, the illusion of choice ("Yes " or "Yeah" in response to a question), and a world utterly devoid of consequence and life. But hey, it's a decent game if you put in mods like Requiem, Morrowloot, Morrowind-style Questing, Combat Overhaul mods and use your imagination. I didn't pour a pretty decent amount of hours for nothing. I'll recommend it only because most mods are really good. By itself though? Hell no. TL;DR: Story sucks, quests suck, combat sucks, stat system sucks, but if you use mods and a lot of imagination it's actually pretty good.
game-hours: 63.4
review: i want to pee in a basket when i hear choo choo
game-hours: 73.9
review: Really great game where bandits come to mug the guy who just killed a dragon and absorbed his soul, whoever doesn't buy this game is a milk drinker
game-hours: 379.6
review: I keep trying to quit you, but you keep pulling me back in.
game-hours: 90.7
review: BUY THIS AND PLAY IT TILL THE DAY YOU DIE!
game-hours: 185.4
review: Awesome RPG had two of put at least 200 hours on xbox. Even better when you mod it :)
game-hours: 747.1
review: The Elder Scrolls is one of my favorite RPG series and Skyrim is no disappointment. An open ended world, great voice acting, deep character customization, solid gameplay mechanics and the freedom to pursue the kind of character you want to play make this a choice game for any fans of action RPGs and there has always been a great community surrounding the series with talented modders who take the game to a completely different level, creating a deeply replayable experience.
game-hours: 255.2
review: Feel like being an adventurer? Feel like killin' some dragons? Feel like being the most bad- looking negro hero ever? Now you can with The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim.
game-hours: 110.3
review: bretty gud
game-hours: 56.6
review: My new hobby is to enter homes, murder everyone, and put together an elaborate crime scene to make it seem like all the food in the house came to life and massacred an entire family.
game-hours: 39.7
review: I am dragonborn!
game-hours: 135.6
review: Play it, notice there's something you don't like, mod it, play it... Rinse and repeat Dear God this game is entertaining
game-hours: 134.5
review: Guys, this is the game that never ends. This game is for the casual gamer, and for the most hard core.
game-hours: 309.0
review: Buy this game for the engine, then download gazillion mods for optimal experience. Overall a fairly enjoyable game with many technical improvements over previous TES, but vanilla Skyrim is nowhere as wide open or offer enough freedom and content as its predecessors. Oh, and what a nice console port--be sure enjoy the terribly limited consolized menus for inventory and combat as well as the watered down graphics. Does Bethesda really expect the community to provide HD textures for every damn thing? /tsundere
game-hours: 117.5
review: Its just amazing. Enough said, just buy it. Do it. Now.
game-hours: 32.9
review: This is one of the best game I have ever played. The only reason I have not played it more, is beacuse of the fact it`s not 2 player, or online. If you love RPG games, get Skyrim. But the possibility that you love RPGs and have not bought skyrim yet, is very low. Recommended on the highest!
game-hours: 22.8
review: Fantastic Game. The PC allows you to push Skyrim past its limits and create a game that streches far beyond gaming console capabilities. Exuberant and Inclusive. what does that mean
game-hours: 1394.2
review: wif da proppa mods dis gaem can b z best gaem that is in exestence nawmsayin
game-hours: 103.1
review: I have to say i liked some thing's about Oblivion more, it just had something that Skyrim lack's. Not really something you can discribe to someone, however this is still a great game and more then worthy of the Elder scrolls name (looks at redguard adventure). You start out as a prisoner in true ES fashion, right before you are killed by an axe a dragon destroy's the town and you are able to make your escape. From there you learn that you are "Dragonborn" a rare skin disease where you whole body grow scale's and horn's, making you the only one who can sneek up on a dragon and kill it while it is confused about what you are. All in all a great game :>
game-hours: 409.5
review: This game is fantastic 10/10
game-hours: 64.0
review: Awesome game!
game-hours: 70.5
review: Best game ever made. Period.
game-hours: 67.1
review: My reaction when I first played Skyrim: Wow. Not even wow- I was speechless. I had never played a video game so immersive, complex, and interesting before. The motto of the series, "you are what you play", definitely holds true with the balanced races and playstyles. Want to play as one of the Khajiit, but don't want to deal with ridiculously pointless racial boots? Don't worry, it doesn't really affect your gameplay in the long run. A legend among RPGs, great for long-time fans of the genre, or someone completely new to RPGs. One of the best games since the N64. 10/10.
game-hours: 12.4
review: Amazing game
game-hours: 319.2
review: This is a great game. 7/10 It does have some bugs and glitches (can be fixed with mods) but in general, it's an awesome game. I've spent dozens of hours on this game and I can say, if you don't have the game yet, you're missing out.
game-hours: 409.3
review: I can't understand how people wouldn't want to play this game. I suppose everyone has their own tastes, but if you don't like some of the quests, or the quality of graphics, go to Steamworkshop! They have grass, water, snow, ember, fire and general foliage improvements, as well as dozens of quests and new areas, items and followers. The game in itself is stunning, and I should really play it more often. Edit- hahahahahaha it's all i play
game-hours: 74.0
review: Great game 10/10!
game-hours: 38.3
review: Skyrim Without Guns 0/10 -WeegeeKirby
game-hours: 699.7
review: Easily one of the most awesome games the world of RPG will ever make. Skyrim hasn't been there for even 5-years and I can say that it has left a mark in history...
game-hours: 679.0
review: Are you tired of taking the same old paths? Feel like you're going nowhere fast?! Fast Travel'd! Are dragons taking you on a one-way trip to high HrothSNORE?! zzzzzzzz These convenient means of travel are so boring. There's got to be a better way. THERE IS! Try to hop over that mountain at a 75 degree angle! The most exciting way of getting where you want to go eventually!!!!!* *Getting where you want to go NOT guaranteed. But on a serious note. Gameplay: 10/10 Graphics: 10/10 Wasted Life: 10/10 I recommend this to ANYONE who loves to sit around in their room for hours/days/weeks/months/years on end without human interaction.
game-hours: 112.5
review: A masterpiece from the XX century: great graphics and music, huge map and variety of quests, interesting storyline and a big amount of weapons, armor, potions, enchantments, etc. Almost the same game style as Fallout 3 (being that it was made by the same company), but instead of guns, we have medieval weapons: swords, knifes, axes, bows, even a big amount of magic spells. The level up system works not just by killing people and creatures, but by performing different actions, such as sneak by, selling stuff, archery, different magic schools, theft, alchemy and more. Even though the game looks like a FPS, I think it's a fair game when it comes to battles and it has the posibility to change camera views. What it makes it unique from the other sequels is that the main enemies are dragons which you have to fight and defeat throughout the game. A fully recommended game which takes quite a lot hours to be beat and another amazing game from Bethesda Softworks.
game-hours: 122.2
review: RPG     ..   ..        10/10
game-hours: 198.3
review: Dragons!!1!
game-hours: 44.7
review: Unbelievable game cant stop playing it. Definately Reccomended
game-hours: 647.4
review: Your whole life will change when you buy this... trust me :D
game-hours: 413.8
review: Where to begin, this is a fun fantasy RPG that will satisfy anyone, you can play however and who ever, you can be a mage, thief, or warrior. It sounds like some stupid game no one cares about but trust me you will like it.
game-hours: 86.5
review: a vast world where there is always something to do. that alone gives so much play time...add mods and before you know it. your in 2024. still having fun in this game...its a MUST BUY!
game-hours: 83.2
review: I really freaking love skyrim! I love this game because it is beautiful, humorous, fun to play and simply amazing! Also, you can use the game with/without mods and you still won't get bored! I love the fact that you can create your character to be what you want them to be, make them get better at certian things. I'd reccomend this to anyone who enjoys medievil/fantasy RPG games.
game-hours: 322.4
review: The closest thing we have to a fully fledged duck simulator! Embark on the most vivid 300x300 reseloution treasure hunt you could ever imagine! Perfect for gamers who never want to lose , Skyrim offers a vast land of snow for you to have snowball fights with dragons and other foes! And for you sneaky fellows out there, Skyrim sneak realism is incredible, you will be able to live out all your dreams of being completley invisible! Boasts a gigantic cast of 3 voice actors, guiding you through this incredible tale of god versus the little lizards trying to end the world. Skyrim also takes the cake for the most snow in a video game ever! FIlled with rediculously fun quests and activities that make you say "What a terrefic game, it is not easy at all and very rewarding , also i think the sneak system is very balanced and realistic and not op, oh and the winged salamanders are challenging with fun mechanics" The vast arsenal of weapons and tools provided for the player is almost on par with bad rats, simply incredible. In conclusion IGN rated this game a 9.5/10, but i think they are wrong this game deserves a solid 10/10 and should be in every household, it has achevied classic status nearly instantly with its griping sneak mechanics , incredible stealth and flawless sneak mechanics making it the game of the year for every year. P.S The best part about the game is the fact that the blonde haired blue eyed people are incredibly racist, and sneak
game-hours: 22.0
review: The Best Game For Messing Around
game-hours: 68.3
review: Probably the only game that has more mods installed then my Garry's Mod.
game-hours: 26.8
review: "I AM THE DRAGONBORN WEARING A HAT WITH BADASS HORNS"
game-hours: 2161.0
review: Pretty good game, haven't played it much though.
game-hours: 86.6
review: Personally the best action/adventure RPG game I've ever played. You can play the game over and over and over again, and you still wont get bored of it because there is simply too many choices too make, too much quests to finish in a large variety of ways. 10/10
game-hours: 182.9
review: Skyrim is love... Skyrim is life
game-hours: 101.7
review: Best RPG open world game i've ever played...
game-hours: 1513.5
review: 9/10 I Love this game, and everything that goes on in it. I Bought it for my PS3 when I lived in an apartment, I also own it on PC (obviously). Can't say I regret ever having bought this game. Everything is worth checking out. The DLC is amazing, and brings new things that help improve the game even more. I would advise checking out mods. This game has replayability and definitely a chance to get your moneys worth from it. I still have a hard time believing I invested 1,300 some odd hours of my life into this game. Aside from that, some negatives is probably the fact it is older, and may not meet new standards of graphics for some people who are all about pretty pictures, but if that is not a problem for you, as it isn't for me at all, you will love this game.
game-hours: 120.0
review: it cool
game-hours: 22.3
review: This game is great and the fun is endless. I reccomend this game to anyone who like RPG's. Its not too hard and you can use cheats for fun. I would give it a 10/10. One of my favorite games of all time. Everyone who I know who has it loves it.
game-hours: 130.3
review: As someone who has put in quite a number of hours into this game on my PC, and almost three times that much on my 360, I can confidently say that this game was worth single cent. But you're looking at it right now, aren't you? That's how you're reading my review? Stop reading my review, and buy this game. You won't regret it.
game-hours: 70.8
review: I got a mod that lets me kill children
game-hours: 251.8
review: One of the best games ever! This goes hand in hand with Fallout 3 and Fallout New Vegas, they all share the first place. Open world, lovely landscape, good story, loads of exploring, loads of loot and the best of all, loads of  AI's. This is just one of those games which you just have to try even tho be warned, you will get addicted and it will eat your sould (if you have one).
game-hours: 197.5
review: If you don't mind a little tinkering, this game can be one of your all-time favourite purchases. Any Elder Scrolls game wouldn't be complete without a massive modding community, helping you to twist the game to any of your fancies. Want to make the game better looking? Mods. Want to have more realistic in-depth lore while you explore the land? Mods. Want to bash your enemies with a Captain America shield and a squeaky toy while using a dragon shout to call forth Thomas the Tank Engine? Mods. No seriously, there are mods for that last one.
game-hours: 1243.9
review: keel dregenz by shoutin cant fite een watah 10/10
game-hours: 106.6
review: I put alot of time into this game, and I have to say it is one the greatest games I have ever played. Skyrim takes to a snow covered kingdom torn by civil war and a new threat, Dragons. You play as the Dragonborn, a mystic being capable of speaking in dragon langauge and using the power of your voice to produce a th'um or a shout. By now i would assume that people already know about the internet famous, FUS RO DAH shout that pushes enemies back. On the subject of enemies, Skyrim offers a wide variety of enemies that you can face. You want dragons, you got dragons, you want skeletons with shrouds who can shoot magic from thier hands, you got that too. The game also has a leveling systen so when you level up the enemies will get slighty stronger and have better equipment. Not to mention the almost endless variety of mods you can use with your game. "But Dy-no, what if i like Call of Duty?" Don't fret, they have guns. MEDIVAL GUNS. with the all new dawnguard add-on you can have crossbows. Yet again not to mention the modding community makes some pretty sick flintlock pistols. the game also has longbows and shortbows. "But Dy-no, what if I wanna set someone on fire?" Well, now you can with the all new skyrim the video game that has a magic system that rivials that of oblivion. You can set someone on fire, frezze the  out of them, or turn them into a lightbulb that has to much electricity. "But Dy-no, i'm a 13 year old boy, what if i wanna be a girl?"  LOGIC, in the first mission of the game, you hope off a carriage and a man askes who you are, then a plastic surgeon who is played by you, must make you character as deformed or as astheicly pleaseing as possible. There is no time limit so you can spend hours and hours trying to find the find the right shade of brown to go right below your cat person left  cheek. Also being the plastic surgeon you are, you can make your cat person a man or a woman in the click of a button. "But Dy-no, what if i want to play with my friends?" Well little timmy, you can't. this game has no co-op of any kind. except you do have followers that follow you around the whole map like a fat guy looking for his piece of pizza that slid into his fat rolls. "But Dy-no, what if i want to have sex with a person, in this game?" NO, you can't because those es who were working buy the whiterun stables got narked out.  DA POLICE. "But Dy-no, what if i hate awesome games that let you kill stuff?" Then you go back to Call of Duty and don't buy this game. "Last question, what if i want to kill a chicken?" NO, YOU CAN'T HARM THE GOD DAMED CHICKENS BECAUSE THEY ARE PRICELESS AND EVERY GUARD IN EVERY HOLD WILL BE GRIDDING ON YOUR  BECAUSE YOU ACCIDENTLY LIT A CHICKEN ON FIRE. 10/10 GOTY
game-hours: 12.7
review: Has nude mods. 11/10 would fap again
game-hours: 12.6
review: I shouted a goat off of a mountain and then got robbed by an elf with no shirt on. 10/10
game-hours: 369.4
review: With Oblivion (with Mods) best Roleplay game ever. FUS RO DAH!!
game-hours: 702.2
review: This game is probably one of the best I've played. Although my opinion is very bias with me favoring sandbox games, it's one of the most immersful. Starting out you get countless different playstyles. You can be a barbaric tank, rogue, mage, or many more. The talent trees that you get choose from to enhance your experience are very diverse and straightforward. The game in the very beginning itself is made to fit your personal style, and then you'll soon find out so are the quests. You don't need to complete all of the quests in skyrim to complete the main storyline, therefore skipping the ones you don't/ wouldn't enjoy. If you prefer the theive's approach, you might like the dark brotherhood or theives guild. Or say instead you picked a mage, you might like the college of winterhold's quests. The quests themselves are amazing. There is so much lore and storytelling behind everything. What makes it even more unique is that there are often conflicting factions. You get to play and hear both sides of the story. The only people I wouldn't recommend this game to are people who don't like straightforward combat. It may get repetative over time, but that all just depends on the player. After all, the game was meant to have a more realisitic combat style. Or if you're someone who doesn't like sandbox games, don't play it. This game has a few minor bugs and glitches (like any other game) but honestly, it doesn't matter with how well developed this game is. I'd highly recommend it to anyone.
game-hours: 458.0
review: Best game I've ever played
game-hours: 19.0
review: I've only played Skyrim for about 3 hours and I can honestly say, amazing. I bought it for $5 on the Summer Sale and I'm glad I did Skyrim is mind blowing from graphics to gameplay and will always keep you on your toes. The only complaint I have is that I cant rim the skys 9/10
game-hours: 33.6
review: It's like farcry with swords
game-hours: 66.2
review: Excellent medieval style WRPG. Massive world to explore, tons of side quests, and an amazing story. I was very disappointed in Bethesda after Fallout New Vegas for all the bugs I ran into while playing it, but this game was surprisingly stable in comparison, and has renewed my faith in them to produce quality software.
game-hours: 234.0
review: I've been playing for over a month now and the game never ceases to amaze me. You can lose yourself in the world and become a part of it. There's not just one story, there are hundreds. Sure there's one driving story, but all stories together make for fantastic adventures. I'm around 90 hours in and I think I've only just grazed the surface of this epic tale. There are times where I just sat back at looked at a vista and how the sun cast shadows. If you have heart, you'll want this game. If you don't, don't worry. The game has more than enough heart for you.
game-hours: 207.8
review: ONLY IF YOU HAVE MALE REPRODUCTIVE ORGANS
game-hours: 801.5
review: CoD level next-gen slaughterfish AI, fish move towards you. 11/10
game-hours: 48.9
review: amazing!
game-hours: 34.5
review: I love this game. Never before has a game managed to keep my attention for months upon months, repeatedly drawing me back to it. The story is amazing, the graphics are great, the controls are easy to get the hang of, and there's plenty of room for mods if you get bored of the original game. There are a lot of bugs found within the game, but most of them are harmless and some can be extremely entertaining. I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys open-world exploration and RPGs.
game-hours: 106.8
review: The love of my life
game-hours: 307.0
review: This game is awesome. I can play anytime and the mod provides me lots of more fun.
game-hours: 55.4
review: Its skyrim it never loses the appeal I love it so much , this is what a real open world game is supposed to be like
game-hours: 130.5
review: This game is one of the best I have ever played. Very well designed, and endless hours of playtime.
game-hours: 104.4
review: Great game just wish I picked this game up sooner.
game-hours: 318.2
review: This game is absolutely amazing. The massive open world, breathtaking quests, epic monsters, and the vast mod community truly makes this game one of the best RPG's if not games, in my opinion, available on Steam. Just the base game itself, without expansions, provides literally hundreds of hours of gameplay, and the mods on the Steam Workshop add even more. Once you complete most of the game, you can literally download an entirely new game for free on the Workshop. This is a fantastic deal for an awesome game.
game-hours: 62.9
review: Amazing game added some mods to it and it looks like a next gen game. buy it!
game-hours: 436.1
review: in my top 5 all-time best.
game-hours: 122.7
review: 10/10 would bang
game-hours: 164.5
review: You could play this game for 100s of hours and still have stuff to do (game is pretty much infinite with mods) definitley one of my favorite games
game-hours: 94.5
review: Get Skyrim its AWESOME!
game-hours: 311.9
review: I won't write long and serious text here like other "experts" ( or  if u like ). Just want to say: ORKZ IZ ROKKIN'!1 P.S. Seriously - why the  all ppl choose nords?
game-hours: 102.0
review: Amazing! I never thought a game could be this big and open. Lots of fun and I totally recommend to all my friends!
game-hours: 9.4
review: This game's awesome in the 5 hrs I've played, but the lag is high on my potato of a computer. Unless you can deal with lag, get a gaming pc or laptop and play on that.
game-hours: 113.6
review: One of my most played RPG's other than Dark Souls. I've spent hours apon hours playing, moding, and just having a blast. I would recomend this game to anyone who enjoys RPG's, good lore, and killing dragons.
game-hours: 192.3
review: Excellent game. Very well put together and I love killing those dragons!
game-hours: 22.1
review: good game
game-hours: 28.0
review: As always bethesda makes an amazing game with a ton of replay value!
game-hours: 2.7
review: Hi everyone! Please check out my profile for more reviews! This was clearly a massive breakthrough for Bethesda and the begginings for the Elder Scrolls series. This is the RPG that finally took open world fun over the top. Clearly, I am very happy with this game, which is quite rare for me. The first person gameplay again freakin' dragons really make the gameplay intense. The graphics are fantastic. Also, there is a free DLC available for better graphics and textures. It truly sets a great speed for the memory it takes up. Really, that is one of the only things I have to say about this game that I dislike. The memory space for it, especially if you download the DLC's, is kind of nasty. But if you have a computer that's built for gaming (like mine) then I'm sure we can handle a couple seconds of bad RAM. Refering to the earlier comments on the DLC, they have four of them (including the free bit). The majority of the DLC's only affect the gameplay, enemies, and spells that you can use. It's very suprising that this game is twenty bucks. I received it on a sale for five dollars! My brother had been showing me the gameplay on his Xbox (the first Xbox game I played) and got me hooked onto the serious in which I played the second and fourth (and obviously fifth) games of the Elder Scrolls series. I was super excited when I played it for the first time. Note, please, that I was young at the time, and never really had any magnificent experiences on video games. At the time, the only really big systems were the Gamecube, Wii, and DS (Was I a big fan of Nintendo? Yes). So you couldn't imagine my excitement when I purchased it for such a low price. Be thankful that this game is sometimes lower than five bucks, and they have sales for it quite often. The Workshop is quite fun. You have alot of crap you can do and some overpowered deeds you can commit to. Of course, as we all know, when you play a game, the last thing you want to do is die quickly. In this case, at the beggining, you have collected some stuff that you can use to your advantage from the original Elder Scrolls, like the destruction, healing, and other useful things. The spawns amoung the forests and mountains are very well done.
game-hours: 103.0
review: its a good open world sandbox game that goes with the rest of the elder scrolls lore.
game-hours: 71.6
review: Bought a horsey. Rode a horsey to nearest bandito outpost. Unmount horsey. Stabby them banditos. Run back to dead horsey by bandito arrow. Long walk of Q_Q to town.
game-hours: 321.7
review: !    ,      ,       ,   ,       ,     .        :(       400    . FUS RO DAH!
game-hours: 107.3
review: Great game to own and amazing graphics!!
game-hours: 12.5
review: Everyone should own this game.
game-hours: 154.4
review: Help I'm stuck and I can't get our
game-hours: 131.1
review: First of all. This has to be one of the most fun games of all time. I think it is the only game I have ever played where it litterally does not end. You will always find a new cave, new enemy, new quests, new things to do, etc. If you are a fan of Lord of the Rings, you MUST get this game. Even if you dont like Lord of the Rings, you should get it. The story is so engaging and nothing feels tacked on or out of place. Everything has a purpose and everything has a reason for being there with their own story. Its Great! I have no idea why you would not get this game. Oh side note, the DLC for the game is GREAT even though I don't own it yet. I have played it on my friend's computer and they add even more content to an aready content LOADED game. In closing, IF YOU DON'T BUY THIS GAME YOU ARE A FOOL!!! A FOOL!!! It is way to good to pass up Rating: 11/10 Blows me away
game-hours: 100.3
review: Oh, Skyrim. What a great experience. You start playing this game and you will never complete it. You will continue returining to Skyrim many times. You will spend countless hours exploring, hunting, killing bandits, and many other cool things. Add mods to the mix and you can customize and enhace the core game towards the perfect RPG. If you're a true gamer, you should never live without missing this one.
game-hours: 118.0
review: Skyrim is game that someone can get truly absorbed in. I have played almost 500 hours on console, but I love the game so much I also brought it on steam, just to be able to play it when my family uses the console. And I must say, it was one of the best descisions of my life. The community is one of the best in gaming, there are so many user-created drawings and mods, that when you start playing again, Skyrim is a whole new world, tailored to your liking. And the game in itself - devoid of any mods- is the single greatest gaming adventure I have ever had the honor of experiencing. I will most definitely come back to this game, time and time again.
game-hours: 171.4
review: dovah los liinus
game-hours: 111.4
review: became chosen one became a different chosen one met a talking dog 10/10 would become chosen one again
game-hours: 18.5
review: * Killing a chicken by accident and having the whole town after you=PRICELESS! * Stealing a plate by accident (yes...)and being the most hunted person in the city=PRICELESS! * Caring more about decorating your Skyrim house than your RL one=PRICELESS! * Getting lost HUNDREDS of times just because you're really bad at reading maps and following plot missions=PRICELESS! * Modding this game so bad you don't recognize anything anymore=PRICELESS! * Being overwhelmed by the size of the world so much you don't even know where to start=PRICELESS I'd say go buy it! (but please stay off the chicken =) )
game-hours: 13.9
review: Would be better if it had guns
game-hours: 38.3
review: Skyrim is one of the best games I have EVER played in my whole entire life. Right behind Star Wars Battlefront II ;). This game has soooooo many things to do on it. Just like in Oblvion or even Fallout 3/New Vegas. Perfect game! I always enjoy this game and it is so hard to find things that is bad about this game! There are a few bugs, of course, what game doesn't have bugs. The Legendary Edition contains all of the DLC that is totally worth it! None of the DLC is bad at all! Good job Bethesda :)
game-hours: 79.6
review: Definately one of the most fantastic games i have ever played, I put off buying the PC version for over a year, instead playing the Xbox 360 version every once in a while, i must say, the PC version far surpasses that of the console, what with the upped graphics and mod support, this is a must have for ANY PC gamer. The game in itself is truly amazing, you could play for days and still stumble upon some old crypt that, before then, you had no idea existed. The game is huge, and the vast ammount of user created content availlable is, beyond awe inspiring. Skyrim is a must have - the storyline, world, lore, and everything to do with it is beyond anything seen in any other game ever.
game-hours: 97.3
review: When you're bored, Skyrim is there for you. Always.
game-hours: 10.1
review: its a good RPG game,the dlc are good,like the steam workshop mods, i would give this 10/10
game-hours: 77.1
review: TESV: The Elder Scrolls is a great, amazing game with incredible depth. I fully recommend it. 10/10
game-hours: 236.4
review: visiems rpg megejms reikia isbandyt
game-hours: 74.4
review: Ehm so I have to write a report.. Errr, well done.. Whoever made this game? System and gameplay is so much in depth, more when you like something and suddenly you discover it has more "features" if you look deeper. I know it's blah blah blah but that how I found this system xD Storyline is one of the best! 50h isn't enough to finish the story.. Well, not for me specially when you give me RPG to play. Lel. Graphics.. Even though I'm running the game on Ultra with very nice and smooth fps, I had to downloaded the HighTextures and other graphics enhancment mods so I'd enjoy my moment in-game .. Jungle xD This game is sick! I couldn't drop it for a little so i'd finish Persona Q .. Which I just played the first 15min T.T Best of luck lol.
game-hours: 197.5
review: If you don't mind a little tinkering, this game can be one of your all-time favourite purchases. Any Elder Scrolls game wouldn't be complete without a massive modding community, helping you to twist the game to any of your fancies. Want to make the game better looking? Mods. Want to have more realistic in-depth lore while you explore the land? Mods. Want to bash your enemies with a Captain America shield and a squeaky toy while using a dragon shout to call forth Thomas the Tank Engine? Mods. No seriously, there are mods for that last one.
game-hours: 23.5
review: 8/8 gr8 m8 Bandits Captured my wife... i let them keep her she was a hoe anyway all she wanted was my money
game-hours: 161.6
review: HENDS DOWN CEN YU HEER ME FOLKZ? HENDZ DEWWN ONE OF TE BEST GEIMZ EFORE WIF MODZ? OMEIGUDNEZ TE SEXLEBZ MODEN COMMOONITEH HEF OUTDON DEMSELFZ ON DIS ONE FOLKZ I GIF IT A 420/10 GREATEST GEIM EFORE I FAP EVRYTIM
game-hours: 32.1
review: I played this on the console for a ton of hours and had a blast, didn't buy it on PC because my pc couldn't handle it, got a new pc now, Installed skyrim and a whole bunch of mods and it's like i'm playing a brand new game! (Even though i advise you to play without mods first and then mod the **** out of it) New armours, weapons, awesome questlines made by awesome people, even if you play Vanilla, if you didn't play it before, BUY IT! What are you waiting for! i bought it on sales and it was the best decision i've ever made after dipping fries in ice cream. Great replayablity , Beautiful Graphics (That can be even more beautiful with mods (a bit like makeup! ) ), Amazing Gameplay and storyline. Overall this is a great game and in my opinion one of the best rpg's of all time 9/10 because nobody's perfect If this review didn't convince you to buy the game just remember you can Make dragons become trains and make bears play the lute
game-hours: 2682.7
review: Bethesdas masterpiece...
game-hours: 306.9
review: The next best thing since Tolkien. No argument.
game-hours: 96.6
review: Outstandingly tremendous piece of work. Spent hours playing this awesome game. Fudge yeah.
game-hours: 290.5
review: Another quality Bethesda Game. In my 200+ hours so far in this game I have not even covered everything in the vanilla game. Add in mods, and the DLC I have yet to get, I could easily see myself putting in another 100-200 more hours. This is a wonderful game that may only be surpassed by Elder Scrolls VI.
game-hours: 846.3
review: My Opinion: -Game of the Year 2012 -Game of the Year 2013 -Game of the Year 2014 -Game of the Year 2015 -Game of the Year 2890 Epic game that can give hundreds of hours of gameplay, and when you get bored just download mods out of the thousands upon thousands of mods out there on steam workshop.
game-hours: 1280.5
review: Well I have only spent a few hours on the game ok ok a little over 200 hours ! I really should not have to say anything more than that but this such a fanastic game I have to share. This game is all about role playing if you enjoy being immersed within a game you will love this game. Once you play the core story line hell there is many core storylines to the game but once you have got into them your can use the workshop to add even more. Not that it is needed but I believe this is a fantastic way to build a game just for you. In the game you can do the following : Adopt Children Get Married Ride Horses Ride Dragons change the way look throughout the game. Change gender Go on quest Indulge your OCD (There is even homes that are mods perfect for this) Make potions Make armour Enchant Items ......Well to be honest I could be here all day telling you what is available for 10 which you can buy it for less in the sale I have had way ove 300 hours play time since I also played it on another account before this one. Where can you get value for money like that elsewhere. And not only that the workshop then provides you with so much more free just download it and that is so easy to do. Find a mod you like subscribe to it in the workshop and then just make sure it loads before you hit play for the 2nd time. I can't make you buy the game I just know once you have you will not be sorry on doing so. Before buying this game I played World of Warcraft for some 3 years plus since getting this I have let my subscription slide not needing it, So what it would cost me for one months play I have had many months of play and really enjoyed myself doing so. If after all my ranting you are still on the fence if you want this game wait till the sales cheapskate ...... lol For 10 you really will not get so much within a game that you do with skyrim in fact I waited for the sales and got all the DLC also for very little too although with all the mods out you can add new DLC free every week some mods do however require you to have already got the official content also to work within your game so always read the information given with each mod. Happy Gaming in Skyrim Just a note I thought about after you can also wait for DLC to be on sale think I got both for about 6 or even less so even that is worth it for an extra 30 or so hours of play or more to be honest if you want to do all quest in that area. Again Happy Gaming x
game-hours: 388.7
review: GOOD: Beutyfull scenery, good story and so many refrances BAD: stiff voice acting, paddle swords also, i came to the dragonborn dlc island Some wizard flew up in the air and fell on my dog. 10/10 senile scribblers aprove
game-hours: 14.4
review: Like any other game that allows you to put in cheats, an mods. It's a great game for the sole reason of that. I'd recommend buying it. Though recommendations for games like these "Mainstream" Aren't very neccesarily due to the wide variety of gameplay videos created on youtube.
game-hours: 501.7
review: Amazing game that, when including mods, has near infinite play time value
game-hours: 40.7
review: >stroll into my local GameStop >looking to pick up a copy of Skyrim >grab the game and take it to the charming maiden at the register >"Pardon me, milady...but could you ring me up? A shame I don't have your number or I'd ring you up instead..." >she giggles and takes the game, blushing as her fingers brush mine due to my fingerless gloves >her eyes widen as she reads the game's title >"Wow, I've never seen anyone buy this before! You must have special taste!" >I smile and ready a witty response when suddenly a voice rings out from behind >"Hahaha look at what this  is buying! That's not Call of Duty! What a piece of !" >I quickly turn around, my cloak billowing behind me, to discern the source of the rude outburst >generic dudebro caricature with a sports team cap and "the guy that beat you up that one time behind the school in early October" shirt is standing there guffawing >"Excuse me sir...you may disparage my person if you wish, but it is untoward to swear in front of a lady." >" you !" >I smile quietly and tip my fedora low across my eyes, concealing them >"As you wish..." >I quickly swing my cane into his kneecap before he can react >he bellows and charges forward >I expertly sidestep him and the cashier screams as he crashes into the counter >I draw my sword-cane and mutter a quiet oath as I drive it deep into his back >"...requiescat in pace..." >As I clean my blade the girl walks out from behind the counter, twirling her hair with her fingers >"So...maybe you'd like to come over to my place to play that game sometime...? >"No thanks, milady, it's single player only. Besides..." >I sheath my sword >"You're not my type." >skate away on my Heelys
game-hours: 54.4
review: This game is epic, especially with mods
game-hours: 13.5
review: Oh skyrim what a glorious piece of art. Everything about it is right. Only a few flaws, but really improved from it's pass brothers. Leveling and combat system for example is fix to many players comfort. Graphics are beautiful and have no limits if you have it on pc. To sum it all up, I highly recommend this piece of art. For every cent is worth it.
game-hours: 282.1
review: Day 1 Made an epic charecter. slayed some imperials, almost got decapitated, and made friends with a soldier. Day 2 Murdered a chicken, and the whole town tried to kill me. luckily I escaped to Windhelm, where I joined the stormcloaks. Day 3 Retrieved a Stone Tabled Enscribed with runes. Got yelled at for being slow about it. Day 4 Killed by a mudcrab. *Slow Clap* 10/10
game-hours: 11.4
review: i installed a porn mod and thats all
game-hours: 51.8
review: gud
game-hours: 7.4
review: I'm not a dragon's b*tch like you :)
game-hours: 668.1
review: my life :)
game-hours: 416.4
review: awesome game lots to discover :D
game-hours: 1555.3
review: This game, is a game of massive preportions. As is a game that I've invested over 1k hours into, not only for it's content in the landscape or terrain, rather its sense of "I haven't done everything yet" or "I've done everything, mabye I'll do it again". This game has consumed a majority of my life, and I can't say I'm against that, it truely is a game to buy, play, complete, then mod to oblivion. Speaking of which, buy oblivion too.
game-hours: 307.4
review: Well, to be quite frank i only have one sentence to describe this game. 10/10 would bang.
game-hours: 197.1
review: I killed a chicken and got stabbed to death by an angry villager. 11/10 GOTY
game-hours: 16.6
review: Downloaded bunch of mods. Now, when i shoot bow it says "F*** her right in the " , when i use torch it says "smoke weed everyday" , theres tf2 and marvel universe charachters walking around and i am jedi. 10/10
game-hours: 69.2
review: I do believe it's obvious to say that anyone that is a fan of The Elder Scrolls won't be too disapointed by what Skyrim has to offer. From discovering unmarked caves and forts, to the game's storyline, even to the odd things we've come to expect in games by Bethesda (NPCs walking in the air, projectiles launching people thirty feet away, placing NPC bodies in awkward positions), the game will give you the chance to kill a couple of hours. And lets not forget the modding commuity. Those people never fail to disappoint, and kudos to them all for the work they do. From the Unofficial Skyrim patches for bug fixes, to new and immersive weapons/armors, to ai adjustments and value tweeks to make the game a challenge for even the the most experienced and well-geared player, or even just to make the game even more amazing to look at, the work they do easily adds countless hours of additional gameplay that'll help you milk more enjoyment out of the game than Steam sales milk money out of your wallet. Edit: Not responsible for any problems that may occur with the game if you decide to try out manually installing mods to improve your gameplay experience. Remember, Google is your friend in instances like this.
game-hours: 293.1
review: This is the first Elder Scrolls I've really gotten in to. I'm not sure what about it grabbed me, but it bit hard, and is just now *starting* to let go, some 160 hours in. Seriously worth whatever you pay for it.
game-hours: 431.7
review: Killing a chicken will cause everyone to try and kill you. Do not hurt chickens, but if you must, do it stealthily.
game-hours: 154.8
review: hjuva peli
game-hours: 12.9
review: is good game
game-hours: 38.4
review: Its like FarCry without guns!
game-hours: 18.4
review: THIS GAME IS THE MOST AMAZING THING IN THE WORLD! I've owned it one PS3 and Xbox 360 and now I own it for PC. I've logged hundreds of hours between the two consoles and I can't reccomen this game highly enough.
game-hours: 305.7
review: People tell me to enjoy life you have to stop and smell the flowers. Well, people, its kind of hard to do that when even the flowers are spurting consumerism all over your face in a strangely suggestive manner. The hype surrounding the release of Skyrim was the truest example of this and I dont think Ive ever seen so many nerds swoon at one time. The game will see you as a prisoner again (these guards really have to stop arresting the worlds greatest heroes) when youre freed by a reptilian anger management escapee; a story for the ages for sure. Finally, after choosing to follow your death penalty chum or the man that nearly turned you into the next Eugene Armstrong, you are let loose upon the unsuspecting land of Skyrim. At this point youre left to your own devices and by all means you can follow the ever present arrow to the following plot point or you can jog off, find a shop, put a cooking pot on the shopkeepers head and steal all his goods assuming you play the PC version, if not you can suck on my dragon bone. However, there are situations the game randomly drops you in. I fondly look upon the time I killed a blacksmith and received money from her will even though that was the first time I met her. Of course then her boyfriend caught on and hired mercenaries to kill me, but ended up killing an innocent bystander, who I then also received money from, suckers! I bet youre expecting an ending statement here, but Im afraid the reptile had an aneurism and burned it up. By the way, I know you'll get the nude and killable children mods.
game-hours: 199.5
review: Epic!
game-hours: 81.6
review: Got to live out my fantasy of being a lizard 11/10
game-hours: 124.4
review: Perfect! The most epic world of last gen... And one of the best RPG-worlds ever made... not for people with little time!
game-hours: 187.5
review: Decapitated a Dark Elf with a child's Wooden Sword. 11/10 would murder with a toy again.
game-hours: 312.0
review: Promised myself i would be a warrior with zero sneak kills... well... maybe next playtrough... or maybe the next... or the next... thieves guild here i go again.
game-hours: 204.0
review: It's like Skyrim but with Skyrim
game-hours: 93.5
review: Best RPG so far
game-hours: 365.9
review: You want to build a house, and never live in it. Make that Three of them!! THen buy this game!! But there's more! You'll find that every city you visit throws a house at you!!! And all you end up doing is becoming a horder!! Release your inner klepto and stash it in one of the many houses you own, and never use it again! Want to eat twenty 10 pound cheese wheels with no ill effects at once... THEN DO It my friends. This is the game for you! For you will get sucked into the world of wonder where you can do so much you wished in your life. Sleep standing?! Posh! WHO needs sleep!! You can run for weeks, and never tire!! You can become a Werewolf or Vampire... Once you destroy the Sun you never have to worry about the pesky burning feeling. FISHING!!!!!!!!!! ITs all in this game. Including that NAGGING WIFU YOU WANTED!!!!!!!!!!!! DRAGONNNNNNNNNNNSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 201.0
review: I am fox 10/10
game-hours: 75.7
review: This game is amazing. It contains tons of lore and unique questlines. Also, got killed by a mudcrab. 10/10.
game-hours: 162.0
review: I've been hundreds of hours on this game outside of steam. If you have yet to experiance this massive game you're missin out.
game-hours: 68.4
review: INCREDIBLE, but I felt that some of the main questlines could have been better, but WHO PLAYS TES GAMES FOR MAIN QUESTLINES!
game-hours: 21.1
review: Bethesda is a game company that knows what the f*ck they are doing. In a time where game creators are scrambleing for the newest thing like new hit boxes, new guns, dlc's just to play the game, sh*tty dialoge, stupid plots. Bethesda comes out of the middle of butt f*uck no where and shows them all up. Its like Bethesda actually wants you to have fun in this game They want you to like the story. They want you to get involved with the world that they created. They want you to have fun, because god forebid that new games cant do that! And I am just sitting here with my mouth open in awe at what I am looking at. This game really shows what happens when game creators take time and hell even THOUGHT AND EFFORT into making there game. Ok, now that Ive kissed Bethesda a*s. Lets talk about the game. Skyrim is a game set back in....I dunno. And you start off as a prisoner who has been captured for following a cult who is agianst the system of Skyrim. You escape because a dragon is like," dont worry bro, I got you." and blows up the place right before you get almost get beheaded....I am still going to kill that dragon though. Then the rest is a journey that you decide. What I like about this game: 1.The action is amazing. Everything seems smooth and up to date even though this game came out in like 2012. 2. The story is rich and it just keeps on going and going. 3.There are plenty of missions and hours of gameplay. 4. The characthers sometimes are funny and the voice acting is fairly decent. 5. ITS ONLY 5 GB....HOLY S*IT!!!!!! F*ckin, sleeping dogs is 13 gb and they dont even have half as much of story as this does. 6. I can run it on my sh*tty computer...with the graphics down but whatever. 7. EVERYTHING! Now for the bad things: 1. It glitches from time to time but Bethesda does that with there xbox to computer games. And thats it for the bad. Just please god, if you havent played it. GET IT RIGHT NOW My Gaming Score: 10 SkyrimGasms/ 10. I still like Ride to Hell Retrubution better, though. (jking that game is )
game-hours: 1.2
review: I havent showered in months. 12/10
game-hours: 112.9
review: Its like a first person Zelda that decided to be emo. 9.5/10 Stars.
game-hours: 61.7
review: The Best ..
game-hours: 49.4
review: This game i amazing. but sometimes when things popup while im in game,it freezes the game but other than that its fin
game-hours: 272.3
review: wow what a amazing game i mean it's like so cool and flashy like a man waveing a gun in ur face and like if u move i will blow ur brains out so yer as i was saying its so cool because it's so reolistic because u shout a people and they go oh no! then a thing comes out of ur mouth and it makes them go flying i mean i can do that also i can fly any geting back to the point AAAA! OMG there's a talking crow in my room AAAAA! run, run for the hills. Hey wait ru still reading? most people get bord by now and then play skyrim and go oh look at me i have dadric armor lalala! oh yer reading all this is a mistake because i have no opinion so lol u just wasted a min of ur life reading this crap!
game-hours: 117.3
review: Truly an amazing game. If you a fan of fantasy this is a must play. ALso with the amount of mods available you make this our own.
game-hours: 212.8
review: Fun
game-hours: 75.2
review: Found a dead guy on the side of the road. He had 100 gold. Would do again.
game-hours: 139.1
review: A very pretty open-world game and amzing combat and story!!! :D
game-hours: 201.9
review: Very Cool Open World Fantasy Game With A Huge Story Line And SIde Stories
game-hours: 489.2
review: Best game in the world.
game-hours: 114.6
review: Probably my least favorite TES that I have played, though that doesn't mean its horrible, it has a lot of copy and pasted content (Castles, Crypts, Caves). For a 3D game it still focuses more on stats then skill which is a bit of a problem but mods like Duel or Ace can fix combat and the AI performance to make it a little more fun and bearable. There is a lot to do in this game though its a lot of the same thing over and over again, it has a few stand out quests/dungeons and has a fun and intriguing main storyline though the civil war campaign is garbage and most of the things in the game get very repetative. The puzzles in this game are incredibly easy (and the same over and over again much like the combat and stealth). - AI - The AI in the game aren't very good when it comes to combat (or common sense for that matter). A lot of the AI have cool personalities and some of them even have very unique backgrounds. As I said earlier mods like Duel, Ace can improve AI combat performance. - Stealth - The stealth system is almost completely stat based, it requires at low levels you will be detected fairly easily but after leveling up your stealth (perks or not) you become almost impossible to detect. - Combat - As I implied earlier the combat in this game is very generic and easy. Fighting as a warrior all you have to do is kite, attacking then running back over and over. Fighting as an archer (stealth or not) is just about draining as many arrows as you can in them before they get close to you. It is hard to miss as an archer because of the crosshair (which you can disable) (<-- I did) but at very distant ranges it can become a bit challenging. Mages in this game are bad and boring to put it simply, they don't do much damage until they are very high levels and even then you feel more like a glass rifle then a glass cannon. - Wrap-up - This game feels like it is just trying to make dumb people feel like badasses rather then challenging the players in any way (I feel Morrowind made players think and put effort forth to figure things out a majority of the time). The game is good for one vanilla playthrough since the stupid level up system they put in this game enables you to not have to choose a playstyle and stick with it (the game does that a lot in different ways giving you many chances to back out of a choice after you learned the consequences). The level up system makes replaying the game practically pointless (if you are looking to have different playthrough experiences) since there are almost no choices in the game that have any real impact on anything. 6/10 as a standalone game. 5/10 as a TES game. 1/10 required intelligence level (MOST OF THE THINGS I SAID THAT WERE WRONG WITH THIS GAME CAN BE IMPROVED WITH MODS THOUGH THAT SHOULD NOT BE AN EXCUSE TO SAY THE GAME IS GOOD. MY RATING IS BASED OFF OF THE VANILLA GAME EXPERIENCE.)
game-hours: 79.0
review: So, Gabe... are you going to sell some real life now? i could use one... but after this "LAST" dragon!
game-hours: 87.4
review: Best RPG game of this generation, setting the standards for every RPG game made.
game-hours: 87.4
review: Best RPG game of this generation, setting the standards for every RPG game made.
game-hours: 136.6
review: Daar los lat 18239109129219913912181983894874231872672/10
game-hours: 336.9
review: [warning, this review was originally posted on 12 Aug, 2012 and when done none of the existing DLCs were out, nore most of the mods available for this game atm] Ok so after i think i've done absolutely everything there was to do in teh original game (cos ofc there are a bazillion mods out there). I managed to do every single non radiant quest there is in uesp's Skyrim list, and tried most radiants i could do before getting bored of them. Checked all skills, others maxed by natual game play (Archery) others by cheating (Alchemy omfg). Achievements all done (hellz yeah) And after a really really long time have passed since my last review. There's so much to say about Skyrim and still this feels like a very tinny opinion analysis to what i would feel like writing hehe The time came and I think it's time to say a few words for this game.. Oh and... pardon my crazy grammar.. u gonna have your eyes poped [warning given] :p The following does not include information about specific mods, neither DLC. OK...so... Skyrim; The fifth game in the Elder Scrolls series. A game taking place 200 years after "The Great Anguish" (the war between Daedra and the people of Tamriel). Lets take this in parts as i often love to do in my reviews. Graphics Bethesda did quite a good job with the graphics. The difference is noticable moving from Oblivion to Skyrim. But some times it feels like it's not good enough. My rig is not a really strong one. Core2Duo at 2.13 and a GTS250 the strongest i could find from all the series at that time. I was pretty happy to see that Skyrim was actually runable in pretty high specs. not ultra. But the frame rate was still hanging there after spawning 200 guards and 4 dragons over a vilage letting me sit back and watch the show. So after my experiece and after watching reviews on youtube with tests with a lot better GPUs out there, i have to admit that Bethesda could have done better. It took a noticable number of mods on order to make Skyrim run in HD textures, better lighting and shading, better fire and magic effects, better mapping, better geometries etc. And most of them out right a couple of months after the game was released. Why? Why is a game that comes out near the end of 2011 needs so many mods to have it's graphics perform better just a few months after release while teh game itself took so long to come out? And why is peoples' and animals' hair and fur so.. sticky and not-so-well rendered? Don't get me wrong there. My whinning entrance shall not deceive you about the graphics of the game. The engine is still brilliant. Offers unlimited possibilities. Super vast enironment, very well designed nature and animals. The nature.... God the natire is godlike. I felt like walking through the entire map than fasttraveling. I could stare at the trees, the flowers, the desert, the rivers and the waterfalls. I felt like i could fall in love with the scandinavian culture and the history of teh vikings. I literaly spent hours just staring views and details from all over the places. Also the characters are fascinating. Very realistic face designs. Great animation. The job done is amazing. But just not that perfect. When Morrowind came, graphics seemed centuries ahead from Daggerfall. When Oblivion came, graphics seemed centuries ahead from Morrowind. When Skyrim came.... graphics seemed like 6 years ahead from Oblivion.... just like how it literally was (maybe got too subjective there) Scripting and AI The AI is very good. Some enemies can find cheaky ways to hurt you like using spells from large distances with hit and run tactics. The dialogues are very good, the impact of your decisions won't bring great changes in teh world, but they will influence the average way your character acts and reacts during dialogue and also how people like you and stuff or even how characters from around the map will react at your presence. Can't say there was something really extraordinary. Most things were as expected. Companions are always fun (and even mroe fun with mods). Marriege system was a good idea (but also took some moding to get to be more interesting). Also a word about characters. All NPCs have very natural and realistic actions and reactions furing quests and/or interractions. Also great to see their daily occupations. Each NPC has a routine. Wether if it's a guard or a hunter, a shopkeeper or a fisherman. There's some really great effort put there. Scripting issues will become a matter of daily routine once of start checking out mods. Collisions are some times imminent even while using special tools like Wrye Bash. Quests A bunch of quests. Radiant and non-radiant quests. Stories. Guilds (most of what we've already seen from Oblivion). Chances to help or kill people. Choosing your way through. Gaining special items. Finding rare kickass gear. Getting and house. Doing "jobs". (also completing some nice achievements). Training. Tons of stuff to do. And of cource, a super cool main story to follow. HOWEVER. Quest lines are in average short. You can be easily done with most guilds in a matter of few hours (except the thieves guild if you want that achievement). Where did all the storytelling go? Yes, everything is cool and fine, but sometimes it literally takes half the time to complete a guild's quest line that what it took you to do the same guild's questline in Oblivion. For example, Oblivion's mages guild had me doing quests for days while in Skyrim the mages guild was a matter of a few hours. Even if my memory is bad on this, the feeling of short storylines is strong. the whole feeling about guild quests; Very enjoyable. But kinda short. Bugs Bugs in games. Can't do with them. Can't do without them... Skyrim has enough bug reports from around the communities. But i for once can across a very very few of them during the original game. In particular only 2, during 2 different questlines which i had to overcome by using the console to move the next quest stage after verifying the nature of the bug. I've seen funny stuff about bugs through the net. I guess I was a damn lucky bstd i gotta admit that Music Still missing the awesomeness of some tracks from Morrowing, maybe a few from Oblivion. Skyrim stands alone with its own character. Sure the elder scrolls nature is noticable in most themes. You know, the usual epic music, orchestra styled tunes, some calm nature backround noice. However still Skyrim's tunes is a bit unique. It doesn't connect with TESIII and TESIV. There is this whole viking and gothic(no, not the modern goth thing, im talkign about the ancient middle northern european goth war cultur and nature of things) nothern feeling in everything around the music. A stronger epicness, a war rythm, a sound with a serious and raw character in it. I actually kinda liked that a LOT. Gameplay Absolutely awesome. Little things to say. You just have to play teh game to see for yourself. Dual dual wield in weapons and magic. Some awesome and epic slow motion or cut scenes in battles. Interacting it absolutelly ing e-v-e-r-y-t-h-i-n-g around you. Gazillion of items to use and interact with. From weapons and armor, to flowers and butterflies and bugs (yes, you can even catch and collect butterflies!) Value through time Bethesda may not have given their best for this game, but they know what they are doing. Mods will add years in the game. Skyrim is still an awesome piece of The Elder Scrolls series. However i fear it won't last as long as Oblivion did. A percentage of the fanbase did compain a lot. And you can see that their studios could have put more work on the game while they didn't (maybe because they wanted to work on the future MMORPG title[?]) I personaly fear that the game will be left without many additions. The Elder Scrolls had shaped a "culture" of bringing tones of awesome things v
game-hours: 719.7
review: Ive played every single game of the Elder Scrolls Franchise for many hundred hours and Skyrim is no exception here. Although I loved especially Morrowind too, I can honestly say that this is my favourite RPG so far and i can hardly imagine that even an Elder Scrolls VI can kick this from my throne. Skyrim, the part of Tamriel this game is about, is wonderful desined, very large and filled with hundreds of locations and thousands of quests. I have dozens of characters ranging from level 20 to over level 1000, have explored every location and cleared most of the quests many times, but however even after that amount of hours played, when i just stumble through the beautiful wilderness I often find some secret, amazing place, easter egg or just an interesting NPC i`ve never seen before. That gives an example of the amount of passion the developers had when designing this game. While the vanilla game itself will enjoy you for hundreds of hours, the thing that differences Skyrim from the large amount of other good RPGs is the modifiability. There are hundreds of thousands mods out there, nearly every sword and armor ever used in a video game or movie is available here. But then there are greater things like mods that add entire towns with dozens of new quests and stuff to explore. And then there are giant mod projects, like "Skywind", which adds the entire gameworld from "The Elder Scrolls III: Morrowind" with all quests, towns, dungeons and NPCs to your Skyrim game. You can also change the entire game concept to what you like to play, I really enjoyed modding skyrim to a Fantasy-Survival-RPG with hunger, thirst, temperature status you must take care of and permadeath on legendary difficulty. The Goal? Simply look how long you`re able to survive and which level you can reach. Very enjoyale! To come to an end here, I can highly recommend this amazing game without any doubt.
game-hours: 30.7
review: 10/10 like skyrim with skyrim
game-hours: 252.6
review: Um dos melhores RPGs que ja joguei, muito divertido,  tanta coisa que se pode faze nesse jogo que voce vai te 100 horas de jogo e ainda vai acha que nao chego nem na metade
game-hours: 49.5
review: An amazing open world game with much to offer and endless amounts of entertainment.
game-hours: 345.3
review: Probably the best roleplaying game right now
game-hours: 178.2
review: Okay. This is the greatest game I've ever played. Just getting that out. In the uninspired craphole of Call of Duty and Battlefield, this game is a massive breathe of fresh air. Everthing is virtually PERFECT The Visuals The Music The Combat The Item System EVERYTHING IS IMMACULATE This is the first fantasy game in YEARS to feel like a fantasy game. Everything feels so unique and well done. The NPC's feel real, the visuals immerse you so quickly you'll be completely unaware of anything going on around you. At first the story seems very cliche but it works incredibley. The story mode is the perfect length. It's not as depressingly short as Batman: Arkham City yet not as annoying long as Portal 2. Even if the story doesn't quite quench your thirst for adventure, there are hundreds of side quests and side quest lines to keep you occupied The levelling system is smooth, and you actually have to practice to level up in any given skill tree. Want to level One-Handed combat? Grab a One-Handed Sword, head into the wilds and start slaughtering. Want to level illusion spells? Equip some, find some test subjects and see what your spells can do. I have this game on Xbox 360 and PC, and I honestly prefer the Xbox version BUT, there is one thing the PC can do that consoles can't. MODS There are thousands of mods that can do anything from adding a huge arena to the vast game world, to making NPC's run indoors when a dragon attacks a village. Mods can help you iron out the few imperfections this game has. The game world is vast, sprawling and beautiful. Anything from a shack inhabited by a little old lady who turns out be an evil and powerful witch, to huge and active cities full of lootable shops, houses that can all be broken into and individual and interesting NPC's that interact with you in different ways depending on how you act. With unique and hand-crafted temples and dungeons, villages deep in the mountains, lairs inhabited by sleeping dragons and secret crypts that all somehow link to a quest. Saying this game has "good graphics" is a massive understatement. The textures look a little low-res when you get up close but the world never fails to immerse you with it's beauty and realism There are 3 basic ways to go in this game: The Warrior, The Thief and The Mage. If you choose the path of the warrior you will be responible for levelling thing like One-Handed, Two-Handed, Blocking and Heavy Armour, which eventually allows you to pulverize any enemy who dare stand in your way. If you choose the Path of the Thief (like I did) You will have to level skill like Lockpicking, Pickpocketing (my personal favourite) and Sneak, which allows you to slither through any nook and cranny silently and maybe doing some looting If you choose the Path of the Mage, you will have to level skills such as Illusion, Destruction, Conjuration and Restoration, which allow you to apply paralysis, poisoning and enslavement on any and all NPC's. Restoration, however, allows you to heal the wounds of you and your allies. The DLC packs for this game include in order: Dawnguard, Hearthfire and Dragonborn. Dawnguard is my favourite of the 3. In it, you are told of a vampire hunting group called the Dawnguard. If you visit Fort Dawnguard, you will be sent to Castle Volkhier, were you will meet, you guessed it, VAMPIRES!!! At this point you're given the choice to join the Vampires and reek havok OR Get the hell out of there and return to Fort Dawnguard and become a vampire hunter. I won't spoil anything but it's definately worth what it costs. Hearthfire is rather simple. This expansion pack allows you to purchase land, build a home and start a family. It's nice but building a house is hard work, which I enjoy, but you need a lot of patience. Finally, Dragonborn. I didn't like Dragonborn that much, but it was a fun expansion and definately worth it. Tip: If you stand atop the highest southern mountain on a clear day, you can see Whitegold Tower in Cyrodil, from Oblivion! How cool is that!?!? Bethesda has created the perfect western RPG and one I will compare future WRPG's to in the future. It may sound like I'm kissing Bethesda's  here, but they deserve nothing less after this masterpiece. If you were a fan of any Elder Scrolls game before this, you WILL enjoy the hell out of Skyrim. The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim easily earns the score of 10/10. PERFECT If you've bothered to read this far without running off and buying the game, do it. NOW. You can't realize what a good game is until you play this game.
game-hours: 18.6
review: Ein's der besten Rollespiele die ich jemals gespielt habe! :) Kann ich nur empfehlen. :p
game-hours: 563.9
review: Do you get to the cloud district very often? Oh, what am I saying? Of course you don't.
game-hours: 43.3
review: This is probably my favorite game. What is lacking in content, you can just get in mods!
game-hours: 63.6
review: 10/10 Gives moist nipples. Very Gooch.
game-hours: 480.6
review: Epic. Just epic
game-hours: 106.1
review: If BADASS was in the dictionary this game would be in there as the definition. Enjoy!
game-hours: 367.0
review: people call you dragonborn. people worship chicken more than dragons. /10
game-hours: 229.9
review: Beautiful game with hundreds of hours of replayability. One of the best products from Bethesda studios. I highly recommend!
game-hours: 227.3
review: Do I really have to give a review? You know what it is...ing Amazing! 10/10
game-hours: 1325.7
review: This game is bigger than you think. And with the ability to be modded by some great modder or even yopurself it can give hours and hours of great entertainment and fun.
game-hours: 12.4
review: I've dropped more time into this game than almost my entire steam library. So much fun!
game-hours: 287.0
review: ===Edited as of January 2nd, 2015=== It's not as good as Morrowind or Oblivion if we start talking about storytelling and immersion, but Skyrim is a hell of a game, and it won Game of The Year back in 2011 for an obvious reason: It's great, and I know it really is, when after 230 hours of game I still dicovering new places and things about it. Even now in 2015, if you ask me if you should buy it, I would say yes without thinking twice, it's a must-play along with the rest of The Elder Scrolls series, and just like any other Bethesda game, when you start heavilly modding it, it'll become another game, and then another game, and then another game again, and in the end it'll be like you have bought a pack with at least 5 games, and not just one.
game-hours: 23.6
review: I still killed many innocent people 10/10
game-hours: 211.8
review: Mods
game-hours: 282.2
review: Really nice open world RPG with gorgeous nordic landscapes. The biggest downside is that quests and the charracters are a bit "flat". I wish I would care when I kill some random farmer in the world, so I guess the immersion is lacking here. But you get distracted enough by other things that you kind of forget it. If you've played past Elder Scrolls game, expect the same experience, for some people it's good, for other it isn't. Most important thing : Mod it, mod it, mod it. This game is day and night with mods and it fixes a ton of issues Bethesda did not care to fix.
game-hours: 602.4
review: Amazing game. Liked it so much, I bought it on here after playing it on PS3 and have modded the snot out of it. Highly reccomended.
game-hours: 43.7
review: This game is so good!!! There is so much stuff you can do in this game!! It has good combat, good quests, good story, good inventory and alot of levels and skill trees to go into!! Its a little glicthy sometimes and the graphics aren't the best, but mods can fix that quite easily. I give it 8.8/10
game-hours: 510.9
review: Best RPG in my opinion. Large range of modifications from new player homes to better graphics. The original game however is still beautiful, fun and huge open world with dragons, thieves, giants and even seals. Storyline is perfect and can be very cheap when on special. DLC worth having a look at when on special. Large variety of weapons, clothing, enemies, NPC's and locations. Quests are plentiful and trading cards and achievments exist as well. 9.8/10
game-hours: 139.6
review: Skyrim is an AMAZING game. I've put 109 hours into this masterpiece and do not regret it. The story is a bit short IMO but the side missions and the open world bring you a whole lot of stuff to do. Run up mountains. Enter dungeons / Caves. Ride a horse. Kill a dragon. Buy a house. Get married. etc. And btw, 10/10 for using consolecommands and changing my name into Jesus and flying up to the skies. EDIT: Played a bit of Skyrim last night, went on a horse. And had the power to fly...Incredible 11/10
game-hours: 14.2
review: It's just Skyrim with swords
game-hours: 243.0
review: This game never ends, it is almost perfect.
game-hours: 13.3
review: Played through on 360, beat regular skyrim. Playthrough 2 on ps3, dabbled in legendary, long way to go before complete. Got legendary on pc, testing the limits of modding and console commands is really making this more exciting than the last 2 play-throughs. Especially finding the room that has 1 of everything that you can console command coc to, I've done all these f'n quests before, it's great to be able to just go grab all the game's keys and super special items so you can just enjoy your play-through without trivial bs. Also, thomas the truck.  yeah. Oh, one more thing, it looked good on 360. it looked great on ps3. It loads a billion times faster and plays WAY smoother on PC. Got my ps3 controller wirelessly hooked up with motionjoy and this is the best skyrim experience I've ever had.
game-hours: 86.2
review: :D
game-hours: 30.2
review: There's not much I can say about this game, just that it (and it's soundtrack) are amazing. It has around 20 hours of quests (with the DLCs) and the enviroment is beautiful, but it's safe to say, without this game's soundtrack, it wouldn't be half the game it is now.
game-hours: 57.1
review: Hundreds of hours of fun to be had, especially with the multitude of amazing community mods.
game-hours: 75.4
review: Skyrim is a great game! Everyone should buy it, I abouseloutly love it. The dlc's are great, I just wish Bethesda would fix some of the bugs. Everyone should play it at least once.
game-hours: 97.0
review: Hands down best game i've ever played. Logged over 700+ hours on PS3 version (with all 3 DLCs). Now starting from scratch on PC version. The graphics of Skyrim PC has all but converted me from console to PC gamer!
game-hours: 5.6
review: Increible
game-hours: 41.2
review: I love this game, used to play all the other elder scrolls when I was younger on xbox, but then I bought a pc and i realised I needed to rebuy this game. This game is never ending awesomeness if your into rpg and theres hundreds of quests and things to do. If you have a lot of free time I recommend!
game-hours: 68.8
review: 10/10, mate.
game-hours: 240.0
review: The Elder Scrolls is like a holiday... You have to wait a couple of years, but when another comes out, you can celebrate it any time you want.
game-hours: 57.0
review: Like a good anal fisting but with dragons. 10/10 IGN
game-hours: 265.6
review: best game i've ever played
game-hours: 231.6
review: Skyrim is one of those games that have a very poor storyline the truth is that it takes only about an hours to finish skyrim main storyline. And if you play for good storyline dont buy skyrim get a different game. Skyrim is that kind of game where every dungeon will look the same each side quest will be generic and similar, however what makes skyrim a game I will recommend to others is the ability to do what you want as a player. Skyrim allows you to freeroam in a huge open world, as well as ability to mod the game. Modding this game is what it means to play skyrim download 30+ mods and explore endless possibilities. If you like to mess around with games and you wouldnt mind to spend few minutes to understand how to add mods to your game then pick skyrim because I could play this game for days with no sleep as long as I find a good pack of mods. However without the mods this game can only keep one interested for 10hours or so.
game-hours: 305.5
review: this game is amzing!!!!!
game-hours: 34.2
review: POO
game-hours: 30.2
review: Probably my favourite RPG of all time. I found it hard to get immersed in Skyrim as the graphics just aren't very good, but then I installed a couple of mods and ENB's, and that totally fixed it.
game-hours: 427.6
review: i'd break my  for this game
game-hours: 111.4
review: Do yourself a favour and lose yourself in one of the greatest RPGs ever made. A breathtakingly beautiful fantasy world, full of rich and in-depth quests and combat, Skyrim will stand the test of time and win your heart; one shout, level-up and arrow in the knee at a time.
game-hours: 152.2
review: Rules are: 1)go where ever you want 2)do whatever you want 3)dont make them what to do!!!! 4)DONT FOLLOW THE RULES!!!(incase of emergency when you maby die) bascilly this is was the best open world game i ever played not just i discoverd everything it just um there is so many things and these things doesnt end!!!!! Bethesda studio please I want next elder scrolls IV I CANT WAIT!!!! and of course keep up the great ,execllent work!!!! 10/1 (ten times better than any open world game i ever played :D)
game-hours: 168.8
review: .
game-hours: 258.6
review: Skyrim is no doubt one of the best games I have ever played. I got hooked once I got into the game. It'll take you up to a dozen hours just to fully explore and get to know the world of Skyrim. Despite the few bug and glitches, I have spent up to 100 hours on this game and absoutley loved it. The graphics are absoutely stunning and the vast amount of variety in this game is amazing. Combat and character progression are just one side of the game. Traveling the world and completing quests is the other, and this is the heart and soul of Skyrim. The world is a snow-covered land full of mountains, rivers, waterfalls, tiny villages, deep caves, and huge cities. While there might not be a lot of diversity in the look of outdoor areas, the environments and views are still breathtaking. Players could spend hours just wandering around the vast terrain and still not find everything, as there are lot of hidden locations and treasures. Simply veering off the beaten path to explore some mysterious ruins might open up a whole new quest line. Thankfully, it is easy to get around in Skyrim, as fast-travel is still available along with horses to ride and carriages that move between all of the major cities in the game. The main quest of Skyrim is woven so seamlessly into the overall world that it is almost indistinguishable. Players take on the role of a Dragonborn, one prophesied to return to the land at a time when dragons are returning in order to stand against them. While there are not a lot of gut-wrenching, role-playing decisions to be made, the experience of simply visiting all the locations and meeting those who live within it is more than adequate. Regardless of the choices that are made, NPCs rarely respond to the main character any differently, so unless players go on a killing spree, no one takes notice. The atmosphere and setting of Skyrim is fantastic. The graphical process at work here is impressive, but the new game engine's impact mostly shows in the world at large, as its characters are still fairly expressionless. That aside, the graphical detail for even those dead-faced characters looks considerably better than any prior Bethesda offering and is all the better for it. Despite taking place in a rugged snowy area, locations are highly detailed and do an amazing job of really shaping the world into what one would expect from an area like this. The game's soundtrack further adds to this atmosphere, as music fades in and out to complement the presence or absence of dramatic moments. The visuals, music, and high-quality voice acting all add up to a very immersive experience. Side note : HAGRAVENS SCARE THE S H I T OUTTA ME .
game-hours: 462.6
review: By far one of my favorite games. I don't even know how many times I have played through it now.
game-hours: 192.7
review: Most Epic game of all time ! Use the mods :D
game-hours: 198.0
review: Hit a deer while on my horse, Deer flew off into the distance. 11/10
game-hours: 103.0
review: If you value your life, do not buy this game!
game-hours: 40.7
review: You can be a nordic warrior viking, Electro, or a naked elf man who chases around kids. 10 out of f*king 10.
game-hours: 65.9
review: Skyrim is an amazing game where you can be the dragonborn, cast shouts, do magic, and defeat the neverending waves of evil in the land of Skyrim. You can do outstanding things like dying repeatedly, sitting in your desk chair for hours trying to farm your smithing skill, killing innocent people, and if you have mods, killing children, and fapping to naked women! What else could you want from an amazing RPG game where you're the ultimate badass *to an extent*? 10/10 It was ok
game-hours: 89.6
review: Bought this game 3 times,first on console then to PC for normal edition and now Legendary edition cuz obviously the almighty Gaben will give good deals. Spent over a few hundred hours on my Xbox and now with my PC. Definitely the best game to invest on before your exams, Altogether, the story is immersive and mods on pc makes it a bloody good game. Wasting lives since 2011 - 10/10 IGN
game-hours: 112.1
review: First, let me start off by saying that I have 750+ hours on this game. I started on my Xbox 360 long ago, bought it on steam once I joined the glorious PC master race, and migrated my saves with a flash drive. And then I said, "Screw that", and started all over again. Anyway, let's get into this incredible game I wasted so many hours of my life on. GRAPHICS: It all depends on your specs, and if you mod it. -Low Resolution, no mods: It's essentially a large N64 game, polygons EVERYWHERE. -Med Resolution, no mods: Looks very good, water and shadows are rought, and large models may repeat patterns, but still looks great. -High Resolution, no mods: Probably the most beautiful game you'll ever see, if you have the capabilities to run it. Everything looks great, the water, shadows, trees, even that angry Nord hitting you in the face with a battleaxe. -High Resolution, with mods: Naked people,  arrows, and bondage slaves everywhere. Be careful with skyrim mods, with resolution packs, the game looks incredibly lifelike, but theres some... strange ones out there (MLP: Friendship is Murder Mod Pack) -Graphics: 10/10 (It all depends on your specs) Story: The great thing about Skyrim is that, while the main quest is short, and fairly easy to complete, theres an INSANE amount of quests and alternate storylines! It goes from delivering a sword literally 100 feet away from where you're standing, to stopping a midget symbolic representation from getting beaten up by a normal sized symbolic representation, to waking up after getting black-out drunk with a god and fondling a religious statue, to SO MUCH MORE. And with all the radiant quests and random encounters, you'll never finish it all. Storyline/Quests: 9/10 (A lot of them repeat) AI/NPCs: Whoo, boy. This is where Skyrim (And really almost all Bethesda/Zenimax games) meet some kind of downfall. Updates have fixed them a lot since the release, but many, MANY times has a follower died because they walked straight into my own spell/sword swing, or repeated the same line over and over, or got stuck. Recently, it's been much better, but its still not very good. The characters themselves, however, are all very good. They all have backstories, and motives, and are all unique. AI/NPCS: 7.5/10 Lore: Theres hundreds of books, and character dialogue, and quests all to tell you the story of Tamriel and individual characters. The tiniest things have their own mention. Even if you've never played a single Elder Scrolls game before this, you'll pick it up easily. But, that being said, it can be overwhelming when you first start, and everything revolves around past lore. Lore: 9/10 Overview: Pros: -Great graphics -Good combat system -Skill trees let you become whatever you want -Story is incredible -Nearly no end to the amount of quests -Easy to mod, and a massive modding community -Hail Sithis Cons: -ING AI -High specs needed to run at full potential -Mods and DLC can be wonky with existing saves -No lollygaggin' Overview: 9/10 What, did someone steal your sweetroll?
game-hours: 117.2
review: There is nothing I can say about this game that hasnt been said yet. Just get it already if you havent!
game-hours: 99.6
review: This is a game that no one has ever heard about, just kidding. Great game, good follow up after oblivion and never gets old. Even if it does get old, theres hundreds of mods
game-hours: 46.4
review: This has to be 1 of the best games created, how can it be so addictive ?
game-hours: 107.1
review: One of the best modern rpgs. You can really lose yourself in this type of game. Hundreds upon hundreds of hours can be poured into this game. The game is molded to how ever you want to play it. Your skills and weapons are your choice. To reach the maximum flexibility and fun of the game I recommend to pick up the Legendary edition and get modding! You can add quests, new lands, Armour, weapons, creatures, textures and even make yourself a regular joe in skyrim. 10/10
game-hours: 149.7
review: Reallt fun game..... be a Dark Elf!!!
game-hours: 247.0
review: Look no further. This game is AWSOME!
game-hours: 19.5
review: Let me just say, BEST dragon, knight, whatever you call this game I have ever played in my life. You start out with awesome graphics, awesome story layout, and just an awesome game experience you have ever played, if you dont like this game, your just a total loser. I'm sorry but this game is currently the best dragon times game I have ever experienced on PC. I suggest this game to people that like dragons,knights, that kind of stuff. Nothing bad about this game, everything is running fine, no bugs or glitches I have had yet.. just an awesome game
game-hours: 56.1
review: This game is truly extroardinary with survival mods! Its like you ARE your character!
game-hours: 49.4
review: One of the best Elder scrolls game out, The base game has a great main quest line and if you get bored of that you have 100s+ side quests to do, or you could go around finding little hiddle spots around the map. The dawnguard DLC is fun and gives you alot more side quests with a good main quest line. But the best DLC so far has to be the Dragonborn DLC im still going through doing the black books i mean theres alot of stuff to do so you wont get bored with the plot and say "Omg this sucks why did i even buy it" because i love it. Overall the game is great, plus all the mods you can download really gives the game alot of life and stuff to do. I give this game a perfect 10/10 an amazing game please do buy.
game-hours: 139.6
review: Skyrim is an AMAZING game. I've put 109 hours into this masterpiece and do not regret it. The story is a bit short IMO but the side missions and the open world bring you a whole lot of stuff to do. Run up mountains. Enter dungeons / Caves. Ride a horse. Kill a dragon. Buy a house. Get married. etc. And btw, 10/10 for using consolecommands and changing my name into Jesus and flying up to the skies. EDIT: Played a bit of Skyrim last night, went on a horse. And had the power to fly...Incredible 11/10
game-hours: 14.2
review: It's just Skyrim with swords
game-hours: 243.0
review: This game never ends, it is almost perfect.
game-hours: 13.3
review: Played through on 360, beat regular skyrim. Playthrough 2 on ps3, dabbled in legendary, long way to go before complete. Got legendary on pc, testing the limits of modding and console commands is really making this more exciting than the last 2 play-throughs. Especially finding the room that has 1 of everything that you can console command coc to, I've done all these f'n quests before, it's great to be able to just go grab all the game's keys and super special items so you can just enjoy your play-through without trivial bs. Also, thomas the truck.  yeah. Oh, one more thing, it looked good on 360. it looked great on ps3. It loads a billion times faster and plays WAY smoother on PC. Got my ps3 controller wirelessly hooked up with motionjoy and this is the best skyrim experience I've ever had.
game-hours: 86.2
review: :D
game-hours: 30.2
review: There's not much I can say about this game, just that it (and it's soundtrack) are amazing. It has around 20 hours of quests (with the DLCs) and the enviroment is beautiful, but it's safe to say, without this game's soundtrack, it wouldn't be half the game it is now.
game-hours: 57.1
review: Hundreds of hours of fun to be had, especially with the multitude of amazing community mods.
game-hours: 199.5
review: Epic!
game-hours: 81.6
review: Got to live out my fantasy of being a lizard 11/10
game-hours: 124.4
review: Perfect! The most epic world of last gen... And one of the best RPG-worlds ever made... not for people with little time!
game-hours: 187.5
review: Decapitated a Dark Elf with a child's Wooden Sword. 11/10 would murder with a toy again.
game-hours: 312.0
review: Promised myself i would be a warrior with zero sneak kills... well... maybe next playtrough... or maybe the next... or the next... thieves guild here i go again.
game-hours: 204.0
review: It's like Skyrim but with Skyrim
game-hours: 93.5
review: Best RPG so far
game-hours: 32.2
review: Taught me how to kill villagers in towns and shout. 11/10 Would play.
game-hours: 71.6
review: Like Skyrim with dragons. 10/10
game-hours: 63.0
review: I have owned this game for 2 days and already clocked 24 hours. Help my soul
game-hours: 98.8
review: Skyrim offers an en epic adventure that will take you to the most memorable places around the map. The world of Skyrim is beautiful and has a really good atmosphere including an awesome soundtrack. In Skyrim you are a Dragonborn and you must stop the invasion of dragons and defeat the legendary dragon Alduin. You can customzie your character pretty well and you can defeat your enemies in many ways, ranging from seperating their heads from the rest of the body to incinerating them to nothingness.
game-hours: 18.9
review: Awesome game! Loved every second of the gameplay can't wait to play more. Definately worth the buy!
game-hours: 193.5
review: not enough dragons
game-hours: 42.7
review: At first... i thought that this game wasnt that really good but when I bought it I just couldnt stop playing it. Well I bought it on sale but even its full price..in my opinion is worth of buying this game. If you havent bought this game yet and the game is like 75% off.. buy the whole pack with the dlcs. I would give this game 9.5/10.... One of the best games ever and in 3days or so i already spent over 34 hours.... WARNING: This game is very addictive :P.
game-hours: 30.2
review: Probably my favourite RPG of all time. I found it hard to get immersed in Skyrim as the graphics just aren't very good, but then I installed a couple of mods and ENB's, and that totally fixed it.
game-hours: 4652.9
review: This is the game the never, ever ends. I picked this game up thinking I wouldn't like it having never played a previous TES game before. Sat in my Library untouched for about a month or two, and finally took the plunge. I was wrong. I was so very, very wrong. This is probably the best purchase I've ever made on steam. Add in the unlimited potential of modding, and it's an adventure that continues forever. I've probably restarted over a hundred times by now with a new character, and still only have beaten Alduin once. ONCE. There's still so much more do to and explore that I'm still discovering quests and areas and little hidden things. I still can't believe how much there is to do and I'm still finding more. At it stands I'll probably wake up one day having lost all touch with reality and actually start seeing the world as Skyrim with how much I've played. And I'm totally ok with that.
game-hours: 3210.9
review: Ruined my life. Five stars.
game-hours: 1164.7
review: If I had to choose between this game, and my girlfriend. I'd pick this game. EDIT: I'm single now ON A MORE SERIOUS NOTE: This game is the best in its genre. In previous Bethesda games they made a sad balance in between Questing, and Exploration. Some having more quests and less places to go, and others having very few quests and more places to explore. But in Skyrim, there is no shortage of quests, and if you are like myself and just wander around aimlessly, you will stumble into places that just blow your mind. Every time I have replayed this game, I stumbled into something new. For more info i'd very much recommend mods, with mods such as texture packs, difficulty, quests, armor, and weapons, this games replay value is endless. Go through the game once with plain skyrim, then mod the hell out of it. Overall I'd rate this game an EASY 10/10. If you haven't already. Please buy it, give it a little, and I swear you will be hooked.
game-hours: 150.9
review: >murdered Nazeem in the middle of town >carried him up to the Cloud District >threw his corpse down into some nearby water >retrieved his corpse >carried him back to the middle of town >guards see me, don't care >left Nazeem's corpse bent over a well >guard hard staring me whole time >decide to leave market place >accidentally hit "E" while looking at tomato >get sent to jail for stealing tomato 10/10
game-hours: 247.4
review: An epic game made all the more epic by the fact that it is so easy to mod and so well supported by the modding community. The Elder Scrolls series has a large following and often you will hear people argue over each new TES game comparing it to the last, but for me each TES game stands on its own merits, and Skyrim is no exception. The story is pretty good and there are plenty of side quests, but what makes Skyrim so great even when not modded is its large and open nature. This is a land you can just pick a direction and with no quest in mind and just explore. You will find danger and excitement on your journey ... and loot. Lots and lots of loot. But once you start modding this game, that is when you unlock the true value that is Skyrim. Potentially thousands more hours content (for free) in a game that can be improved ten thousand different ways from graphics, textures and sounds all the way to game mechanics and user interface changes. You can make the game exactly what you need it to be, and play it for so long you may still be playing when the next game in this series comes out.... and sometimes longer than even that. If you are interested in modding the PC version of the game, be sure to check out my guide for beginners:
game-hours: 148.5
review: A game where trying to interact with giants holding clubs turns into the funding of NASA's space program.
game-hours: 12816.1
review: Play it, mod it, play it again, mod it some more... It's a dangerous cycle: your pets will die of neglect and your friends will leave you. You won't care, you'll just install more mods.
game-hours: 92.4
review: I was stacking books on a shelf in my house in Whiterun, one of Skyrim's major cities, when I noticed a weapon rack right beside it. I set a sacrificial dagger in one slot, an Orcish mace in the other. They were on display for nobody but me and my computer-controlled housecarl, Lydia, who sat at a table patiently waiting for me to ask her to go questing. The chest upstairs was reserved for excess weapons and armor, the bedside table for smithing ingots and ores, the one next to the Alchemy table for ingredients. I'd meticulously organized my owned virtual property not because I had to, but because tending to the minutia of domestic life is a comforting break from dealing with screaming frost trolls, dragons, a civil war, and job assignments that never seem to go as planned. It's even a sensible thing to do; a seemingly natural component of every day existence in Skyrim, one of the most fully-realized, easily enjoyable, and utterly engrossing role-playing games ever made. Part of what makes it so enjoyable has to do with how legacy Elder Scrolls clutter has been condensed and in some cases eliminated. In Skyrim, there's no more moon-hopping between hilltops with a maxed out Acrobatics skill. That's gone, so is Athletics. The Elder Scrolls V pares down the amount of skills and cuts out attributes like Endurance and Intelligence altogether. There's no time wasted on the character creation screen agonizing over which skills to assign as major. You don't assign major and minor skills at all, but instead pick one of ten races, each with a specific bonus. High Elves can once a day regenerate magicka quickly, Orcs can enter a berserk rage for more effective close-range combat. These abilities are best paired with certain character builds  the High Elf regeneration is useful for a magic user  but don't represent a rigid class choice. Major decisions don't need to be made until you're already out in the world and can try out magic, sneaking and weapon combat, emphasizing first-hand experience over instruction manual study, letting you specialize only when you're ready. It contributes to the thrilling sense of freedom associated with life in Skyrim. Do a quest, kill a dragon, snatch torchbugs from the air, munch on butterfly wings or simply wander while listening to one of the best game soundtracks in recent memory. Despite the enormity of the world and the colossal amount of content contained within, little feels random and useless. Even chewing on a butterfly wing has purpose, as it reveals one of several alchemical parameters later useful in potion making at an alchemy table. Mined ore and scraps of metal from Dwemer ruins can be smelted into ingots and fashioned into armor sets, pelts lifted from slain wildlife can be turned into leather armor sets, and random books plucked from ancient ruins can trigger hidden quest lines that lead to valuable rewards. Skyrim's land mass is absolutely stuffed with content and curiosities, making every step you take, even if it's through what seems like total wilderness, an exciting one, as something unexpected often lies just over the next ridge. Many times the unexpected takes the form of a dragon. Sometimes they're purposefully placed to guard relics, sometimes they swoop over cities and attack at seemingly random times. In the middle of a fight against a camp of bandits a dragon might strike, screaming through the sky and searing foe and friendly alike with frost or flame. Momentarily all on the battlefield unite, directing arrows and magic blasts upward to knock down the creature, creating impromptu moments of camaraderie -- a surprising change from what may have been yet another by-the-numbers bandit camp sweep. Dragons show up often, their presence announced by an ominous flap of broad wings or an otherworldly scream from high above. The scale and startling detail built into each creature's appearance and animations as it circles, stops to attack, circles again and slams to the ground makes encounters thrilling, though their predictable attack patterns lessen the excitement after a few battles. In the long run they're far less irritating than the Oblivion gate equivalent from The Elder Scrolls IV, can be completed in a few minutes, and always offer a useful reward. Killing a dragon yields a soul, which powers Skyrim's new Shout system. These are magical abilities any character can use, you don't have to specialize in spell casting to slow time, throw your voice, change the weather, call in allies, blast out ice and fire, or knock back enemies with a rolling wave of pure force. Even if you favor sword, shield and heavy armor and ignore magic entirely, you'll still be able to take full advantage of these abilities provided you find the proper words  each Shout has three  hidden on Skyrim's high snowy peaks and in the depths of forgotten dungeons, serving as another reason to continue exploring long after you've exhausted the main quest story, joined with the Thieves Guild, fought alongside the Dark Brotherhood, or thrown your support behind one of the factions vying for control of Skyrim. Not only is this land under assault by dragons, long thought to be dead, it's also ripped in two by civil war. You can choose one side or the other, but so much of the allure of Skyrim is how, even outside of the confines of quest lines, the embattled state of the world is evident, and steeped in a rich fictional legacy. Lord of the Rings this is not, but with the release of every Elder Scrolls game, the fiction becomes denser, and the cross-referencing for long-time fans all the more rewarding. Skyrim's residents are all aware of current events. They'll comment on the civil war, some sympathizing with the rebels, others thinking the establishment sold its soul. The peasants complain about the Jarls who control each settlement, the Jarls complain about the rebels or foreign policy, the overprotective College librarian complains when I drop dragon scales all over his floor; many characters feel like whole, distinct personalities instead of vacuous nothings that hand out quests like a downtown greeter hands out flyers for discount jeans. Characters stereotype based on race, they double-cross at even the slightest hint it might be profitable, and they react to your evolving stature within the world. It makes a ridiculous realm, filled with computer-controlled cat people and humanoid reptiles, demon gods and dragons, feel authentic, like a world that existed long before you showed up and will continue to exist long after you leave.
game-hours: 68.4
review: Killed an old woman. Stole a plate. Got arrested. (Because of the plate). Fought a dragon. Stole a crown. Got drunk. Became a werewolf. Killed bees with fire. Followed a talking dog. Visited the old dwarven cities. Killed robots. Became an assassin. Killed the emperor. Got beaten to death by a whole town for stealing a cabbage. Became a respected general. Fought bandits. Poisoned mead. Stole cabbage again. 10/10 would Skyrim again.
game-hours: 477.1
review: At first you are like this games fun, then you are like woah there are mods and then you don't stop the mods and then the next thing you know you are playing as a giant with a strap-on fighting thomas the tank engine
game-hours: 140.7
review: If you dont like this game, you're a .
game-hours: 198.5
review: Dis geme es eh gud geme cuz u cahn git da money
game-hours: 929.8
review: Perhaps one of the most amazing games I've ever played in my life. As a lover of the sword n' shield era, I always find myself jumping head-first into Bethseda's Elder Scrolls series. The story is immense but it doesn't rush you; This game demands that you explore every crevice it has to offer. The creation-workshop mechanic is very well made, you could literally be anything, fight anything and nearly have no limits; But challenging as it should be. An extrordinary piece of work that you should not miss out on!
game-hours: 37.5
review: there are over 1500 different types of sausages in the world
game-hours: 541.8
review: Easily the most epic game ever made period.
game-hours: 7.6
review: One of the best games ive ever played. Bought it for the computer after i played on the xbox.May not be the best graphics. But this game Is great 9/10 Rating Thumbs up. Very good RPG Fantasy adventuring game. If you like RPGs Dont Miss up a pass to get this one.
game-hours: 131.7
review: It's like Skyrim with guns.
game-hours: 51.8
review: Amazing storyline and it has so many extra side missions (not including the DLC's) that it will take SO MANY HOURS to complete them all and get everything. Not only that but the visual aspect is amazing. I've spent what felt like 2 hours just staring up at the night sky just in awe at how well it's been made. There are also many spontaneous events that if you're just travelling you can just do quickly and earn anything from it.
game-hours: 47.1
review: This game is one of the best games I have ever played but it does have some issues.
game-hours: 323.4
review: Most Addicting game ever! I have played older games like Oblivion and Morrowind but I think Skyrim is better than them Morrowind: Best Storyline Oblivion: Best Gameplay Skyrim: Best Graphics
game-hours: 7.6
review: "Is someone there?"-Bandit
game-hours: 37.7
review: peli mut iha hyv peli
game-hours: 155.3
review: What can I even begin to say about this game that hasn't already been said? Bar none, one of greatest RPGs ever released. Nearly endless in it's vanilla form, if you mod it out, it really is the fantasy world that never ends. Gaming, storytelling and immersion doesn't get much better than this. Buy it. Wait for the Legendary Edition to go on sale and pick it up for a song. Mod it. There are endless possibilities and it is much easier than you think. Enjoy one of the greatest gaming experiences of the modern age.
game-hours: 111.0
review: I walked into a cart, the cart hit me in the head and killed me. 10/10
game-hours: 15.2
review: I want to play this game, but for some reason I can't. I think it must be because I've watched so many playthroughs on it to properly enjoy it for myself. This being said, the series' of this game on YouTube are amongst the best I've ever seen.
game-hours: 124.4
review: Realy cool, but it's realy expensive in a quick summary. But if you like a more extensive recconmendation: +Workshop so you don't get bored +Exelent Back Story +Good Video Quality Choices -Very Expensive DLC, but can be worth it sometimes during holidays. +Very Long story line so you don't beat in a day. - Save Selections Sucks since you have to find which ones which That's realy all I can name since I haven't gotten to far in the game and I've played 52hrs XD
game-hours: 81.2
review: Amazing game worth the price and It gets even better withe the dlcs but the main quest is too short but it doesnt matter because u get hours of gameplay with side quests
game-hours: 379.9
review: Undeniably excellent with mods. Without mods, however, it's a 75.
game-hours: 183.9
review: The best RPG you could ever have. Hands down.
game-hours: 102.6
review: awesome game!! spent ~700 hours on it on the playstation. and never getting tired of it :D
game-hours: 12.9
review: Very good game really appreciate ! thx.
game-hours: 98.5
review: I love this game!!! so endless!! the music, the quests, everything...can spend hours just exploring and go and kill some draugr, deathlords, spiders, etc, so many things you can kill too xD or make friends...For me there was little bugs, so I was really happy about it. I really recommend, if you like to explore and just have fun doing side quests, some are like fetch this fetch that, but on the way you can talk to certain people and get more quests! its fun overall :3 Really recommend this to everyone ^_^bb <3
game-hours: 105.9
review: ITS A GOOD GAME
game-hours: 181.3
review: This Game Has A Great Story, A Great Ending, And Great Boss Battles! Play It! This Means You Nicky!
game-hours: 241.6
review: Amazing Game 10/10! <3
game-hours: 245.8
review: I absolutely love this game. I haven't had this much fun since... well, Oblivion, which might not come as such a big surprise. Bethesda might have frightening lawyers, but they sure as hell know how to make an amazing game! It is most certainly a must play for anyone who likes RPG's or open-world games.
game-hours: 52.9
review: The Game is just ... AWESOME :D
game-hours: 103.4
review: thiis one of the best games i have ever played in my life it has a thrilling sotry and many other great features, definatly a 10/10 anyone who loves role play games and aventure, this is the game for you
game-hours: 16.8
review: Get this game!
game-hours: 161.5
review: its a good game, my only complaint SO FAR was when i bought it on christmas morning, 50% off, around noon, it became 75% off...WTF STEAM!
game-hours: 45.4
review: eh
game-hours: 201.7
review: Best GAME EVER SeRIOUSLY 100/10.The price of the game is 15 euro i buy it on the Summer sale for 3.74 euro but i think tha game shoud be more than 30 Euro seriously this is the best game ever i have ever played and i haven`t seen better game on youtube you just have to buy it.If i was rich i think i shoud give for this game not 15 Euro i shoud give 150 euro because this game deserve so big attention!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 1249.3
review: A superb game, with many hours of story, faction and miscellaneous quests. Lots of locations & landmarks to find and explore from ancient dwarven cities, caves outfitted by bandits to ritual sites inhabited by necromancers or simply the local wildlife. With skill trees that you can shape, and an array of weapons and/or spells to use, you can customize your character how you like. Single or dual weapon/magic wielding or even a combination of both further allow you to personalize the playing experience, as well as providing countless setups of hostile & allied NCP alike, All providing different experiences on consecutive playthroughs. The Dawnguard & Dragonborn DLCs are a must have addition to the game, adding new armor, weapons & clothes to the game [even if only to make your character look even more awesome] as well as new locations & enthralling story lines. The only thing I miss from the Oblivion days, is the ability to create my own spells, but as Skyrim as a nation generally dislike magic I can see why it was left out. But ... with the steam workshop this and anything else you just did quite like can be added, changed or removed. New cities, more crowded cities, new quests, greater detailed trees, or a simple as a re-skin for your favourite armor, its all in there, somewhere. But I would urge you to play through without mods at least once. A must get game that I am so glad to have played and even though I have at this point I will probably spent 100s more hours playing. 10/10
game-hours: 576.5
review: Should get this.
game-hours: 54.0
review: only 420 game masters play this game
game-hours: 176.7
review: Ever wanted to be a mage? Warrior? thief? Or just a mix of them all? Well, with Skyrim you can, Skyrim is a typical Bethesda game, where you get to create your own character using the games many customization features, you'll then be able to play the game however you want in an almost limit less world filled with skeletons, zombies, wizards and other kinds of monsters. Once you've completed the main game you'll be able to add more quests, followers, houses, overhauls, pets, textures, weapons, armor and so much more via some of the many mods that the community creates. Skyrim is an amazing singleplayer RPG, with endless possiblitys because of the amout of mods created by the awesome community.
game-hours: 137.0
review: In my mind the game is a masterpiece, the game looks amazing, and is in my mind very well made, as for the storyline, I adore it. There are of course a few minor things in the game, for example the horses, they move very weird and they are quite slow compared to walking. The game itself is a fantastic experience with superb gameplay, beautiful graphics, and majestic music. The fun part is you can get mods installed easily on the game through the workshop on steam, its fun to mod the game with several mods and make it after your own liking. The game over all gets a 9.5 out of 10, as its a superb and amazing game with a fantastic storyline.
game-hours: 156.4
review: Awesome!
game-hours: 472.4
review: Probably one of the best buys I've ever made in my short gaming career. A solid playthrough altogether, the possibilities with mods are literally endless, and you will find yourself sinking hundreds of hours into what I beleive to be a fantastic buy.
game-hours: 138.3
review: Awesome game that is quite addictive to play. However, don't burn yourself out while playing it!
game-hours: 3.3
review: Killed a man for cheese 10/10 would cheese again
game-hours: 46.4
review: I recommend this epic game ( if you can call it that ) to all of my Steam friends
game-hours: 44.6
review: Stand in a furnace, nothing happens Jump on a wooden wheelbarrow, instant death 10/10 Would parkour again
game-hours: 69.7
review: its good but dont overload your skyrim game with mods, if you do it will screw up your data. if you want mods i would suggest picking no less then 4 mods i recommend inigo alot if you like talkitive companions
game-hours: 24.7
review: MODS ALL THE MODS!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 101.0
review: i lurve this game :)
game-hours: 343.9
review: In Skyrim, You Can Defy The Laws Of Gravity, Send Isaac Newton The Good Ol' Finger! Fly Horses Off Cliffs At Distances You Would Never Believe! Jump Up The Sides Of Mountains Where In Real Life, You Would Probably Be Gravitying To The Ground! The Only Thing We Forgot To Add Is A " YOU ISAAC NEWTON" Line For Whenever You Perform One Of These Anti-Newtonist Feats! God I love this game. Get it for the love of God. 10/10 Would Defy Gravity Again.
game-hours: 110.9
review: AMAZING. BEAUTIFUL. FANTASTIC.
game-hours: 40.3
review: Don't buy it, you will get addicted and you will never see sunlight again.
game-hours: 25.4
review: Such a timekiller..
game-hours: 38.4
review: Its like FarCry without guns!
game-hours: 269.6
review: It seems long ago now, looking back, when this game was first released. I had played Morrowind, I have played Oblivion, loved both, and I was left eagerly awaiting Skyrim. And I was not disappointed. Bethesda again reminds me of what true quality is. In short, this game is amazing. But more that that, it gives everyone who would give it a chance, everyone that would allow themselves to gently fall into it's landscape, a fantastical escape from the occasional blandness of life. We all need escapes, time away from the coffee and the concrete, and Skyrim provides a window. It's not a replacement for anything, it's merely an avenue to get lost in your own imagination. Those who can't let go, can't dream of fantasy, should avoid Skyrim. For everyone else, I high recommend you give this game a try and give yourself a chance to get lost in its wonder.
game-hours: 187.8
review: I used to be adventurer like you but then I took an arrow to the knee.
game-hours: 1177.5
review: I was hooked from the moment I woke up on the cart and am still hooked. I have been the quintessential wizard, dashing rogue as well as the antitypical orc diplomat. With so many different ways to play the vanilla game how can you not become enmeshed in the grandeur and spectacle that is Tamriel? And just when you think you are done someone makes a mod that you have to try and then the cycle begins anew. It's not real but the feelings are.
game-hours: 227.4
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a game where you play as a soulless serial  who tries to suck the souls out of innocent dragons. This game is absolutely stunning on low graphics, and you have to play it on low graphics or your game will crash from entering a building. The combat system has REDEFINED the Elder Scrolls series, as it is changed to a right-click to block, and a left-click to hit. The entire modding community of The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is made up of 40-year-old perverts who sit in there mother's basements and try to make graphically enhancing mods for nude characters that have visible neck seams. I would rate The Elder Scrolls V: Skyman a 12/10.
game-hours: 71.8
review: Started out as a Nordic woman, ended up marrying Lydia. 10/10 would marry her again right after I go and shove a few more swords into another dragon.
game-hours: 92.3
review: Amazing open world map with great varity of things to do
game-hours: 123.1
review: So like I was playing this game and my mom comes in (keep in mind, she's a total looney), and she's like, hey Jimjam (short for Jimmy Jamper) your sandwich is ready. I go downstairs. No sandwich.
game-hours: 8.4
review: Playing it through the 1st run through is great as it takes a while to finish off the campaign. The missions are diverse and intense, yet some show surreal serenity. The one problem which I have come across is repetitiveness, as when you make a new character you will find that you will drop off slowly. - Squinty
game-hours: 32.0
review: Very expansive game with unending mods really keeps you playing it.
game-hours: 155.3
review: What can I even begin to say about this game that hasn't already been said? Bar none, one of greatest RPGs ever released. Nearly endless in it's vanilla form, if you mod it out, it really is the fantasy world that never ends. Gaming, storytelling and immersion doesn't get much better than this. Buy it. Wait for the Legendary Edition to go on sale and pick it up for a song. Mod it. There are endless possibilities and it is much easier than you think. Enjoy one of the greatest gaming experiences of the modern age.
game-hours: 111.0
review: I walked into a cart, the cart hit me in the head and killed me. 10/10
game-hours: 15.2
review: I want to play this game, but for some reason I can't. I think it must be because I've watched so many playthroughs on it to properly enjoy it for myself. This being said, the series' of this game on YouTube are amongst the best I've ever seen.
game-hours: 124.4
review: Realy cool, but it's realy expensive in a quick summary. But if you like a more extensive recconmendation: +Workshop so you don't get bored +Exelent Back Story +Good Video Quality Choices -Very Expensive DLC, but can be worth it sometimes during holidays. +Very Long story line so you don't beat in a day. - Save Selections Sucks since you have to find which ones which That's realy all I can name since I haven't gotten to far in the game and I've played 52hrs XD
game-hours: 81.2
review: Amazing game worth the price and It gets even better withe the dlcs but the main quest is too short but it doesnt matter because u get hours of gameplay with side quests
game-hours: 379.9
review: Undeniably excellent with mods. Without mods, however, it's a 75.
game-hours: 183.9
review: The best RPG you could ever have. Hands down.
game-hours: 102.6
review: awesome game!! spent ~700 hours on it on the playstation. and never getting tired of it :D
game-hours: 387.0
review: The best game I've ever played
game-hours: 4.4
review: Can't say anything about this game that hasn't already been said. Simply a classic, I loved it on console, but with the modding community I love it on PC more. Great game.
game-hours: 221.4
review: Buy this game enough said 11/10
game-hours: 27.2
review: More than 50 hours of playtime on xbox and around 27 hours on pc, this game is so worth it, one of my favorite RPG/Medieval game out there. +1
game-hours: 44.0
review: Endless fun blowing things off cliffs with Unrelenting Force. The rest of the game is even better. 90/10
game-hours: 158.2
review: I can't stop playing someone please help me...
game-hours: 83.4
review: I have had very memorable memories with this game! 10/10
game-hours: 264.4
review: One of the best RGPs Ive ever played !
game-hours: 760.2
review: What can I say...I have played all the TES games...from Arena..Daggerfall....Battlespire...Redguard...so on and so on. No matter what anyone says, this is a masterpiece of a game. It is another world to get lost in and never come out. I have to stop and just take in the sites sometimes. Yes, it has some small problems,,,but I don't even feel like going into them because the game as a whole is so good. If these guys screw around and focus on the money pit the TES online will end up being and ignore thier real cash cow and fan base it will be ashame. Time to come out with TES VI ....don't let the real TES single player fans down!
game-hours: 206.4
review: I killed men, women and children. Stole gold, plates and cheese. Slayed many dragons and modded more than I played.
game-hours: 246.6
review: Four years ago, Bethesda made this game and I had never been more hyped for a game ever. Back when I actually enjoyed the majority of the games I played was a time when life was fun. These days I remember Skyrim for all the times I've been screwed over by bugs and glitches that would hinder me in completing quests. But those 200+ hours were not completely wasted, partially but not completely. Also don't buy the dlc unless they are on 99 % sale or something... Considering they cost more than the base game and add maybe 5 hours extra content and a few useless items for gear that is not even better than the crap you farmed for a hundred hours in the vanilla game!!!!!!!"#!#!" 8/10 - Oblivion was better (don't kill chickens)
game-hours: 74.0
review: You can marry an arachnophobic werewolf mercenary. Do you really need any other reason to play this game?
game-hours: 462.6
review: By far one of my favorite games. I don't even know how many times I have played through it now.
game-hours: 14.5
review: One of the best games of this generation made better with mod and Workshop support. An excellent purchase no matter what the price.
game-hours: 336.9
review: [warning, this review was originally posted on 12 Aug, 2012 and when done none of the existing DLCs were out, nore most of the mods available for this game atm] Ok so after i think i've done absolutely everything there was to do in teh original game (cos ofc there are a bazillion mods out there). I managed to do every single non radiant quest there is in uesp's Skyrim list, and tried most radiants i could do before getting bored of them. Checked all skills, others maxed by natual game play (Archery) others by cheating (Alchemy omfg). Achievements all done (hellz yeah) And after a really really long time have passed since my last review. There's so much to say about Skyrim and still this feels like a very tinny opinion analysis to what i would feel like writing hehe The time came and I think it's time to say a few words for this game.. Oh and... pardon my crazy grammar.. u gonna have your eyes poped [warning given] :p The following does not include information about specific mods, neither DLC. OK...so... Skyrim; The fifth game in the Elder Scrolls series. A game taking place 200 years after "The Great Anguish" (the war between Daedra and the people of Tamriel). Lets take this in parts as i often love to do in my reviews. Graphics Bethesda did quite a good job with the graphics. The difference is noticable moving from Oblivion to Skyrim. But some times it feels like it's not good enough. My rig is not a really strong one. Core2Duo at 2.13 and a GTS250 the strongest i could find from all the series at that time. I was pretty happy to see that Skyrim was actually runable in pretty high specs. not ultra. But the frame rate was still hanging there after spawning 200 guards and 4 dragons over a vilage letting me sit back and watch the show. So after my experiece and after watching reviews on youtube with tests with a lot better GPUs out there, i have to admit that Bethesda could have done better. It took a noticable number of mods on order to make Skyrim run in HD textures, better lighting and shading, better fire and magic effects, better mapping, better geometries etc. And most of them out right a couple of months after the game was released. Why? Why is a game that comes out near the end of 2011 needs so many mods to have it's graphics perform better just a few months after release while teh game itself took so long to come out? And why is peoples' and animals' hair and fur so.. sticky and not-so-well rendered? Don't get me wrong there. My whinning entrance shall not deceive you about the graphics of the game. The engine is still brilliant. Offers unlimited possibilities. Super vast enironment, very well designed nature and animals. The nature.... God the natire is godlike. I felt like walking through the entire map than fasttraveling. I could stare at the trees, the flowers, the desert, the rivers and the waterfalls. I felt like i could fall in love with the scandinavian culture and the history of teh vikings. I literaly spent hours just staring views and details from all over the places. Also the characters are fascinating. Very realistic face designs. Great animation. The job done is amazing. But just not that perfect. When Morrowind came, graphics seemed centuries ahead from Daggerfall. When Oblivion came, graphics seemed centuries ahead from Morrowind. When Skyrim came.... graphics seemed like 6 years ahead from Oblivion.... just like how it literally was (maybe got too subjective there) Scripting and AI The AI is very good. Some enemies can find cheaky ways to hurt you like using spells from large distances with hit and run tactics. The dialogues are very good, the impact of your decisions won't bring great changes in teh world, but they will influence the average way your character acts and reacts during dialogue and also how people like you and stuff or even how characters from around the map will react at your presence. Can't say there was something really extraordinary. Most things were as expected. Companions are always fun (and even mroe fun with mods). Marriege system was a good idea (but also took some moding to get to be more interesting). Also a word about characters. All NPCs have very natural and realistic actions and reactions furing quests and/or interractions. Also great to see their daily occupations. Each NPC has a routine. Wether if it's a guard or a hunter, a shopkeeper or a fisherman. There's some really great effort put there. Scripting issues will become a matter of daily routine once of start checking out mods. Collisions are some times imminent even while using special tools like Wrye Bash. Quests A bunch of quests. Radiant and non-radiant quests. Stories. Guilds (most of what we've already seen from Oblivion). Chances to help or kill people. Choosing your way through. Gaining special items. Finding rare kickass gear. Getting and house. Doing "jobs". (also completing some nice achievements). Training. Tons of stuff to do. And of cource, a super cool main story to follow. HOWEVER. Quest lines are in average short. You can be easily done with most guilds in a matter of few hours (except the thieves guild if you want that achievement). Where did all the storytelling go? Yes, everything is cool and fine, but sometimes it literally takes half the time to complete a guild's quest line that what it took you to do the same guild's questline in Oblivion. For example, Oblivion's mages guild had me doing quests for days while in Skyrim the mages guild was a matter of a few hours. Even if my memory is bad on this, the feeling of short storylines is strong. the whole feeling about guild quests; Very enjoyable. But kinda short. Bugs Bugs in games. Can't do with them. Can't do without them... Skyrim has enough bug reports from around the communities. But i for once can across a very very few of them during the original game. In particular only 2, during 2 different questlines which i had to overcome by using the console to move the next quest stage after verifying the nature of the bug. I've seen funny stuff about bugs through the net. I guess I was a damn lucky bstd i gotta admit that Music Still missing the awesomeness of some tracks from Morrowing, maybe a few from Oblivion. Skyrim stands alone with its own character. Sure the elder scrolls nature is noticable in most themes. You know, the usual epic music, orchestra styled tunes, some calm nature backround noice. However still Skyrim's tunes is a bit unique. It doesn't connect with TESIII and TESIV. There is this whole viking and gothic(no, not the modern goth thing, im talkign about the ancient middle northern european goth war cultur and nature of things) nothern feeling in everything around the music. A stronger epicness, a war rythm, a sound with a serious and raw character in it. I actually kinda liked that a LOT. Gameplay Absolutely awesome. Little things to say. You just have to play teh game to see for yourself. Dual dual wield in weapons and magic. Some awesome and epic slow motion or cut scenes in battles. Interacting it absolutelly ing e-v-e-r-y-t-h-i-n-g around you. Gazillion of items to use and interact with. From weapons and armor, to flowers and butterflies and bugs (yes, you can even catch and collect butterflies!) Value through time Bethesda may not have given their best for this game, but they know what they are doing. Mods will add years in the game. Skyrim is still an awesome piece of The Elder Scrolls series. However i fear it won't last as long as Oblivion did. A percentage of the fanbase did compain a lot. And you can see that their studios could have put more work on the game while they didn't (maybe because they wanted to work on the future MMORPG title[?]) I personaly fear that the game will be left without many additions. The Elder Scrolls had shaped a "culture" of bringing tones of awesome things v
game-hours: 719.7
review: Ive played every single game of the Elder Scrolls Franchise for many hundred hours and Skyrim is no exception here. Although I loved especially Morrowind too, I can honestly say that this is my favourite RPG so far and i can hardly imagine that even an Elder Scrolls VI can kick this from my throne. Skyrim, the part of Tamriel this game is about, is wonderful desined, very large and filled with hundreds of locations and thousands of quests. I have dozens of characters ranging from level 20 to over level 1000, have explored every location and cleared most of the quests many times, but however even after that amount of hours played, when i just stumble through the beautiful wilderness I often find some secret, amazing place, easter egg or just an interesting NPC i`ve never seen before. That gives an example of the amount of passion the developers had when designing this game. While the vanilla game itself will enjoy you for hundreds of hours, the thing that differences Skyrim from the large amount of other good RPGs is the modifiability. There are hundreds of thousands mods out there, nearly every sword and armor ever used in a video game or movie is available here. But then there are greater things like mods that add entire towns with dozens of new quests and stuff to explore. And then there are giant mod projects, like "Skywind", which adds the entire gameworld from "The Elder Scrolls III: Morrowind" with all quests, towns, dungeons and NPCs to your Skyrim game. You can also change the entire game concept to what you like to play, I really enjoyed modding skyrim to a Fantasy-Survival-RPG with hunger, thirst, temperature status you must take care of and permadeath on legendary difficulty. The Goal? Simply look how long you`re able to survive and which level you can reach. Very enjoyale! To come to an end here, I can highly recommend this amazing game without any doubt.
game-hours: 30.7
review: 10/10 like skyrim with skyrim
game-hours: 132.4
review: Safe to say this is one of the best games out there if you like adventure and magical storytelling. I loaded this with mods like Climates of Tamriel, Vanilla Nights, Real Rain, HD textures and Purewater. Its stunning on ultra!! Allthough im not a fan of medieval kind of games, Skyrim really sucked me in and i love to explore this game. It only gets better and better :) You should play this!
game-hours: 384.0
review: I would not have recommended this game three years ago. However the mod community, lowered price and *excellent* expansion pack content make Skyrim a must-own, and not for the vanilla experience. I will stand by my opinion that Oblivion was better, especilly in the uniqueness of the quests it offered as opposed to "find x in cave full of draugr", and don't get me started on the BS "but the combat is better in Skyrim" argument since the same bad combat system is just hid behind fancy execution moves. But the expansion pack content is genuinely interesting and through modding I've made my game a hardcore and fast-paced experience that feels not unlike Diablo, (to clarify that's in pure intensity and not literally like a dungeon-crawler). It's disappointing to have to merely say "the mods make this game" but that's the harsh reality in this case. The expansion content however, as I've stated twice already, is high-quality and only emphasises how mediocre the vanilla game is. Edit: Also I would highly recommend playing this game with a controller. The character feels more weighty to me that way, although that could be personal preference - you WILL have trouble playing an archer that way.
game-hours: 86.6
review: !  ,        .   !
game-hours: 325.7
review: One of the best games I've ever played
game-hours: 44.6
review: best thing since fried chicken
game-hours: 41.5
review: ,     ,  ,        ,           5-4           . 10/10
game-hours: 56.7
review: 10/10 I dont know what else I should say about this game. I played it on PS3 it had its Cons on that console but I didnt cared, its awesome Give it a try! Who wouldnt like to shout at people and watch them fly away??? FUS RO DAH!
game-hours: 228.2
review: One of the bests games i've played , so exiting , you will enter in on of the greatest medievals lore , with exiting graphics , and a unic way of playing .
game-hours: 180.3
review: downloaded a "my little pony mod" 10/10 oh and the vanilla game is pretty awesome as well
game-hours: 45.4
review: AMAZING!!!!!!
game-hours: 84.4
review: Skyrim is by far one of my most treasured and favourite games released out there! It's vast/open world gvies you an over-abundance of freedom to do what you please! Skyrim provides a great element of choice as you have the freedom to be who YOU want to be, and some of your choies may influence alternate paths to a story once foretold. You can choose to be the hero, or the villain. You have been bestoed a gift from the gods, in the dragons tounge "Dovakhiin" you have the power of your voice, and by destiny the dragonborn is the only mortal who can slay and rid the world from the awakining of the dragons. As Quoted - "The Empire of Tamriel is on the edge. The High King of Skyrim has been murdered. Alliances form as claims to the throne are made. In the midst of this conflict, a far more dangerous, ancient evil is awakened. Dragons, long lost to the passages of the Elder Scrolls, have returned to Tamriel. The future of Skyrim, even the Empire itself, hangs in the balance as they wait for the prophesized Dragonborn to come; a hero born with the power of The Voice, and the only one who can stand amongst the dragons" - Written by Bethesda Game Studios TracGod's Meta Score - 95/100
game-hours: 156.3
review: Skyrim was the first Elder Scrolls game that I bought, and I must say that it did not disappoint. The amount of depth to the quests and the world in general is unreal. Even after playing through the storyline once or twenty times, it feels like a new experience when you start a new game. I highly recommend it to just about everyone. My only complaint is that the dungeons sometimes start to feel repititive, but it still makes up for it by adding unique storylines to each. In summary, this game gets a 11/10.
game-hours: 26.5
review: Almost as good as Oblivion. Can be hard later on, but there are tons of things to do and discover ;) if it's on a sale get it ASAP.
game-hours: 191.4
review: OH an dragoon -DainBlamage
game-hours: 10.3
review: Like Skyrim but with dragons.
game-hours: 24.7
review: MODS ALL THE MODS!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 101.0
review: i lurve this game :)
game-hours: 343.9
review: In Skyrim, You Can Defy The Laws Of Gravity, Send Isaac Newton The Good Ol' Finger! Fly Horses Off Cliffs At Distances You Would Never Believe! Jump Up The Sides Of Mountains Where In Real Life, You Would Probably Be Gravitying To The Ground! The Only Thing We Forgot To Add Is A " YOU ISAAC NEWTON" Line For Whenever You Perform One Of These Anti-Newtonist Feats! God I love this game. Get it for the love of God. 10/10 Would Defy Gravity Again.
game-hours: 110.9
review: AMAZING. BEAUTIFUL. FANTASTIC.
game-hours: 40.3
review: Don't buy it, you will get addicted and you will never see sunlight again.
game-hours: 25.4
review: Such a timekiller..
game-hours: 530.0
review: Skyrim is one of the best games i have played, Here is why! 1. Skyrim has good graphics for its time. 2. There are alot of Quest so you allways have something to do. 3. The story is not the best i have seen, but i think it has a decent story. So i give Skyrim a 9.7/10
game-hours: 467.3
review: ~   .    .
game-hours: 41.2
review: Watched free porn. Got a virus. Bought Skyrim for the nudity mod. Didn't get a virus. 69/10, would fap again.
game-hours: 120.4
review: Farengar secret-fire thought he was a boss, sending thugs after a vampire thief assassin. All was well for him besides the occassional feeding on him in his sleep (unbeknownst to him), until came the creation of a wizard. Now, this was no ordinary wizard, it was a wizard of the undead variety known as a lich. As anyone can tell you, a lich is a being of pure hatred and despair, doing as he pleases with anything or anyone unlucky enough to cross paths with one. Having heard of this wannabe "wizard", the lich set his sights on the jarl of Whiteruns' home of Dragonsreach. It was late that night when the lich hovered silently through the doors of the halls of Dragonsreach sensing Farengar nearby. He found Farengar asleep in his bed, not knowing the terror that hovered over his slumbering form. The Lich raised his hand as he awoke and tried fleeing in terror, but he knew there was no escape. The Lich banished him to the realm of nightmares that changes itself with each lightning strike making it a worse existance than before, known as the realm of Quagmire. He wont be sending thugs after anybody else. 10/10 would banish annoying wizard to nightmare dimension again.
game-hours: 92.0
review: [Ru]     ,  , ,     - Skyrim,     . [En] Well, after all this time, right now, i can be sure. Skyrim - is the best buy ever.
game-hours: 157.6
review: I enjoy the open world feel. While usually I am not one for single player games this one actually keeps everything rather fresh and new offering all kinds of things to work on and fight. The quests though can be interesting to try and complete when you do not get detailed directions. I have had to look up some of the quests now and then because the directions given in game were not in depth enough. Regardless though it is a fun game.
game-hours: 484.8
review: 300+ hours of approval Its gr8 I r8 8/8 m8.
game-hours: 92.9
review: Skyrim is an open world action/adventure game. You can climb the tallest mountains (to a certain point then you can't go any further up), swim across massive lakes, fight dragons, explore dungeons, kill anyone(some poeple just faint then get back up). Basically you are free to do whatever you want, but what you choose to do affects what will happen. Can you forge armor? Make weapons?? You bet you can! Personally I think it is one of the best games I've ever played! I highly recommend it to anyone and everyone!
game-hours: 76.6
review: This is a very fun game. There is an in debth story line, many quests, choices that change your future, one of my new favorite games. If it weren't for the M rating, I am sure many more people wolud play it. I use a blood removal mod, so it brings it down to a T rating, one that me and my younger siblings can play. Great game, 8.5/10
game-hours: 77.0
review: A really fun adventure that just never stops very nice game!!
game-hours: 96.5
review: Amazing game, lots to do, if you have never played this game then you have never lived.
game-hours: 191.5
review: Skyrim, made for rp, people play with mods 10/0 -IGN
game-hours: 342.6
review: If the fact that I've played over 300 hours of this game doesn't convince you, I dunno what will.
game-hours: 91.7
review: good game
game-hours: 144.5
review: Very powerfull game, great story and great environment.
game-hours: 483.1
review: A game about the Dragonborn in his quest to save the world from the end of the world. + Many questlines + Many quests + Interesting main story + Big map + Customisable + Offers the biggest amount of mods on Nexus & Steamworkshop + Interactive + Nice landscape + Offers great roleplaying opportunities + Classes + Great skill tree -/
game-hours: 20.9
review: "Its like fallout with swords" wait wut?
game-hours: 273.4
review: Very good game . Sometime glitchy but still good
game-hours: 109.6
review: "Mod it till it crash" great statement it is... been 3 years since the release the vanilla version itself are great but not complete w/o mods thanks to the 9gag community that introduced this game to me... appreciate that..
game-hours: 88.2
review: Truly The best game ive ever played in my life. if you want a game that lasts long buy it!
game-hours: 22.2
review: Well, I used to be married in real life. Then I discovered the joys of magical force yelling inside fully furnished homes. Now I just travel the land sending dishes and dinners and books flying. In all seriousness, if this showed my PS3 playtime, I'd probably be embarassed - I have the platinum trophy, and then some. It's an amazing game, and mods breath new life into a game I thought I had played out. For anyone who played it previously and loved it, give it a shot here. It's worth it.
game-hours: 20.7
review: Awesome game!
game-hours: 49.2
review: Spent 80% of the time playing by testing mods rather than actually playing the game. 10/10
game-hours: 161.5
review: I don't even know what to say about this game....... Oh wait.... There are no watermelons. 0/10 Wait.... I can get a watermelon mod? 10/10
game-hours: 303.9
review: I really don't know if I like this game yet...
game-hours: 521.2
review: Alright, I must admit. I wasn't going to write a review but I've met a lot of people who don't believe that this game is good. Truly, it's a fantastic game that anyone can enjoy. The graphics by themself are ok, but you can get the free HD texture pack and it comes alive. Or just set graphics on high. Either way, weather it's graphics or story line you prefer, Skyrim offers both plus a million other things you didn't know you could love. It's the tiny details that leave us happy when we finally beat that giant or that bandit leader. The leveling system is brilliant and amazing. I've tried Oblivion after playing this game and so far both of them are incredible, but Skyrim stands out as the best. There are infinite options and infinite challenges that almost leave you wanting more. So if you doubt this game, don't play this game at work when you want a quick 30 minute break to try a new game. You'll need to call in sick because you'll be glued to this game all day. It will take over your life and you will thank Bethesda for it.
game-hours: 40.5
review: One of my favorite games of all time. Truly an experience.
game-hours: 6.2
review: Best ing game ever! Have it on xbox but had to buy it to pc becaus it's so awesome:) CS:GO Is the best game ever but this is even better somehow:)
game-hours: 734.7
review: Yes
game-hours: 66.2
review: Im writing this reveiw to tell everyone to buy this game. This is one of the best games I have ever played. I have played it on xbox for over 500 hours and on pc. If you do not have this game then I would highly recomend buying this game. In this game you can be a warrior, mage, theif, vampire, warewolf and much more. The quest line is an amazing experience if you like action adventure games then you must buy it. After finishing the main missions there are a wide range of things to do and I dought you could get bored playing this game. Modding in this game is easy and makes the game even more fun to play. The only down side to this game is that it is not multiplayer. If they did bring out multiplayer for this game it would be the best game ever made. *Dont listen to the people that do not recommend the game, they know nothing of what they can do in this game. This game can go above the line with mods and is just amazing. The graphics are pretty good. Its can run on almost any pc but to play this game and you have a 75hz, 100hz, 120hz, 144hz monitor then you need to go into your settings and change it to 60hz. This game can only run at 60hz which does not change the graphics. WARNING IF YOU DO PLAY AT 60HZ+ THEN YOUR PROPS IN THE GAME ARE GOING TO GO CRAZY, SUCH AS CARRAGES ARE GOING TO FLY. You have been warned.* Thank you for reading my opinion on Skyrim. Hope you buy it and enjoy the endless fun.
game-hours: 47.8
review: I fought a dragon with my bare hands while listening to Guile's theme song than I ate his soul. 10/10 Chuck Norris would approve.
game-hours: 42.4
review: MUST HAVE !
game-hours: 133.7
review: this is the best open world rp game i've ever played :)
game-hours: 627.7
review: Having already 533 hours now, I thought it was time to write a review. First of all, I'm a huge fan of the Elder Scrolls series. I played every one of them, and loved them all. Some more than others. However, I'll start by saying TES V is not my favorite in terms of story or characters. Almost none of the characters are really interesting, and the story was pretty bald. In RPG the story matters to me the most, but Skyrim had such beautiful locations and great gameplay, that I couldn't possibly dislike it. The graphics in Skyrim are beautiful, even without mods. And the locations are a huge improvement. Morrowind and the other games are pretty outdated, but they had different locations. Most locations in Oblivion were copy-pasted. However, Skyrim takes the best of both worlds. A lot of different, beautiful and interesting locations. Skyrim really encourages exploring because you might find loot or a very nice view. The soundtrack is as in every TES game, amazing. The voice actors did a great job, even though some actors seem to be re-used a lot. The gameplay was also a huge improvement. However, unlike previous games, magic seems pretty useless. The combat is fun, but might get boring after a while. It's not as hard as it was in Morrowind, but it depends if you find this good or not. Even after completing this game, the fun never stops. Skyrim has a very active modding community, with lots of different mods that make this game even nicer, and add tons of extra hours to the gameplay. If you're still not sure if you want this buy this game, you really should. It is really worth the price.
game-hours: 408.8
review: i am da dragunborn HUAAARGHAMAHAAA! u should play dis game NAOW!
game-hours: 35.8
review: Freedom is meaningless if its full of boredom. The first few hours were cool, however as the time went by, all became so stale, generic and boring that I had a lot of trouble to find the motivation to continue. The Witcher and Game of Thrones really spoiled me in terms of fantasy. Still, it can be fun sometimes. 3/5
game-hours: 149.8
review: Great game, Amazing Story and alot of intresting side quests. Good gameplay and the engine is easy to understand. And for the final thing, MODS ARE AWESOME!!
game-hours: 1.6
review: Like Skyrim but with Skyrim.
game-hours: 141.5
review: Well, hell. Let me just put it this way...there is absolutely no reason not to own this game, unless you just hate RPGs in fantasy settings THAT much. Expansive plot, plenty of exploration, forboding dungeons, dynamic combat, hairy nordic warriors (and hot nord warrior chicks)....pure distilled fun, in other words. Anyone who doesn't like Skyrim is an enemy of fun. Period. 10/10
game-hours: 318.9
review: There's a staff that turns people into a Sweet Roll 10/10
game-hours: 255.6
review: Addicting, Addicting and Addicting
game-hours: 124.8
review: The Elder Scrolls is my favourite part of the Skyrim series <3
game-hours: 286.1
review: I wish one day Bethesda Softworks will hire Obsidian to do the writing of their titles. Until then, The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim remains a slightly incomplete masterpiece, yet able to provide one of the best single-player experiences of the decade.
game-hours: 891.7
review: mods
game-hours: 87.3
review: <3 good if you're looking for Singleplayer rpg ~
game-hours: 62.8
review: This game makes me forget to eat, sleep, and drink. Buy it you want regret it, trust me
game-hours: 152.7
review: Such cold, very big, much freedom, amaze.
game-hours: 432.9
review: Skyrim is a must-have! If you're a huge fan of TES series and RPG games like I am, then don't hesitate to buy it.
game-hours: 4.3
review: Stole a sweetroll and everyone wanted to kill me. Tried again when i put a basket on everyone that could see me and nobody noticed anything 10/10 best stealth simulator would steal again Pros: *Lots of quests to do *Good amount of customization of your character *Lots of Skill trees to make your character unique in power *Lockpicking system is great *You can craft lots of different types or armor and weapons and you can sharpen certain weapons. *Vampire dlc adds a new skill tree and transformation *Dawnfire DLC allows you to build a house in a location(certain areas) and adopt children. *Too many pros to list Cons: *Odd glitches most are patched[got my body sent into space when i died by a sword]breaks immersion but usually makes you laugh *Dragons are random and can mess up your missions *Random stuff which dont really have a purpose for example the windmill and wood saw [i think correct me if im wrong] you dont get any items out of it, would have been more immersive and made it have a purpose. Great game overall. 9.5/10
game-hours: 171.4
review: This is actually good, The graphics are very nice and the HUD is very easy to understand as of the colours for Health, Stamina and Magicka. This game got me so hooked I have planned a youtube series of it and will be excited if/when I get a better computer so I can play this game on ultra and enjoy every damn moment of it. 10/10 owns all DLC
game-hours: 15.0
review: Honestly, before I bought this game, I just went around saying it was a piece of junk. I then bought it a couple months ago, back in '13. Love it. It's a great game, perfect for a medieval setting like Mount and Blade: Warband, except it has more fantasy in it, such as magic and the dragons. Either way, I would recommend this. Especially when it's on sale.
game-hours: 132.1
review: Wander the open world of Skyrim as you, the Dragonborn, use your awesome magical gift of the ancient language to: Steal cabbages, steal horses, pick pockets, pick locks, and even rob shops at night! Still be the hero as you kill off an entire empire such as the Stormcloaks or the Imperials. Hunt through the ancient ruins of Nords and fight through armies of zombies just to get bored in the end and murder everyone in Windhelm just for the hell of it.
game-hours: 57.4
review: Well, needless to say that Skyrim is one of the best games around. Statistically it's the most played singleplayer game on Steam.
game-hours: 139.0
review: AWESOME! This game is super addictive!
game-hours: 679.8
review: I have lost over 500 hours to this game. Need I say more?
game-hours: 269.6
review: It seems long ago now, looking back, when this game was first released. I had played Morrowind, I have played Oblivion, loved both, and I was left eagerly awaiting Skyrim. And I was not disappointed. Bethesda again reminds me of what true quality is. In short, this game is amazing. But more that that, it gives everyone who would give it a chance, everyone that would allow themselves to gently fall into it's landscape, a fantastical escape from the occasional blandness of life. We all need escapes, time away from the coffee and the concrete, and Skyrim provides a window. It's not a replacement for anything, it's merely an avenue to get lost in your own imagination. Those who can't let go, can't dream of fantasy, should avoid Skyrim. For everyone else, I high recommend you give this game a try and give yourself a chance to get lost in its wonder.
game-hours: 187.8
review: I used to be adventurer like you but then I took an arrow to the knee.
game-hours: 1177.5
review: I was hooked from the moment I woke up on the cart and am still hooked. I have been the quintessential wizard, dashing rogue as well as the antitypical orc diplomat. With so many different ways to play the vanilla game how can you not become enmeshed in the grandeur and spectacle that is Tamriel? And just when you think you are done someone makes a mod that you have to try and then the cycle begins anew. It's not real but the feelings are.
game-hours: 227.4
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a game where you play as a soulless serial  who tries to suck the souls out of innocent dragons. This game is absolutely stunning on low graphics, and you have to play it on low graphics or your game will crash from entering a building. The combat system has REDEFINED the Elder Scrolls series, as it is changed to a right-click to block, and a left-click to hit. The entire modding community of The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is made up of 40-year-old perverts who sit in there mother's basements and try to make graphically enhancing mods for nude characters that have visible neck seams. I would rate The Elder Scrolls V: Skyman a 12/10.
game-hours: 71.8
review: Started out as a Nordic woman, ended up marrying Lydia. 10/10 would marry her again right after I go and shove a few more swords into another dragon.
game-hours: 92.3
review: Amazing open world map with great varity of things to do
game-hours: 123.1
review: So like I was playing this game and my mom comes in (keep in mind, she's a total looney), and she's like, hey Jimjam (short for Jimmy Jamper) your sandwich is ready. I go downstairs. No sandwich.
game-hours: 8.4
review: Playing it through the 1st run through is great as it takes a while to finish off the campaign. The missions are diverse and intense, yet some show surreal serenity. The one problem which I have come across is repetitiveness, as when you make a new character you will find that you will drop off slowly. - Squinty
game-hours: 32.0
review: Very expansive game with unending mods really keeps you playing it.
game-hours: 405.7
review: probably my favourite game of all time! this has the best modding community ever. 10 years into the future and i bet people are still playing skyrim.
game-hours: 52.8
review: Truthfully the best game RPG game I have ever played. Totally worth every cent.
game-hours: 238.7
review: Total play time upon writing this review: PC: 210 hours Xbox 360: about a billion years Endlessly replayable game, with hundreds of side quests to waste your life on. Plus, the fantastic modding community that this game has means you will NEVER run out of things to do. And there's a mod which makes chickens explosive. Enough said. 10/10 would destroy my social life all over again.
game-hours: 10.4
review: What outside world? 11/10
game-hours: 9.6
review: I actually have a ton of hours on this. I got it retail a long time ago, only recently added it to my steam list, and that was after I got the addons. So I figured I should add my review to the multitude of thousands saying this is one of the best ES games. I have played them all, sadly I was part of the ESO fiasco right from the start, that has left me feeling so bad about it I dont think I ll go back to it. But I digress, Skyrim, get it, play it, love it.
game-hours: 37.0
review: 10/10 GO ON SALE PLEASEEEEE I WANT TEH DLCS U IUNG WOT M8 101 - IGN I CRAVE MORE
game-hours: 85.1
review: I saw a dragon this one time. It was a goat
game-hours: 1009.8
review: Played this game for 1001 hours now Maxed out mods Still not crashing Skyrim is love Skyrim is life Everyday Skyrim
game-hours: 76.4
review: horas y horas de arrows in the knee
game-hours: 88.1
review: mod it untill you get 59 fps, then uninstall all of the mods
game-hours: 214.0
review: YeSS SeY
game-hours: 62.3
review: You Can Kill Chickens With Your Voice Best Game Ever 12/10
game-hours: 16.2
review: Really fun. Free roam, mods, and so many iteemss! :3 and a huge place to travel!!!
game-hours: 148.4
review: This game has taken days from me. I gladly enjoy losing my days to Skyrim. Even if I haven't beaten the game yet.
game-hours: 183.9
review: Im married to a dragon and he gives me free gold and is my unlimited wight follower that murders people all the time. 10/10
game-hours: 346.1
review: OMG THIS IS AWESOME!!!
game-hours: 159.1
review: Best money spent on a game in a long time unlimited game play due to its modding community. The modding community are alwase adding more and more wonderfull content. I have to agree with best game of the year for 2013.
game-hours: 249.3
review: It\s like skyrim with guns, oh wait... 10/10 -IGN
game-hours: 274.6
review: Enter Skyrim stoned and awed, leave Skyrim burnt out and bored.
game-hours: 105.7
review: a game where bears will touch you in places where you dont want them to
game-hours: 166.0
review: Theres so much to do, I haven't even started modding yet.
game-hours: 159.4
review: An epic RPG and the latest addition to The Elder Scrolls, Skyrim is one good game! All I can possibly say to explain it's awesomeness is: (in the words of taketherisk) "You're a fool if you don't have this" Seriously though, get this game.
game-hours: 147.5
review: When I first entered the world of Skyrim, I was immersed in a fantasy setting where I was quickly thrust into a position of power and entrusted with the responsibility to save the world. This is where the fantasy stops. Similarly to any human suddenly gifted with immesurable power I proceeded disregard the responsibilities of my newfound abilities and proceeded to instead enact horrible deeds on the city's guards and townsfolk. It begins to become painfully clear that Skyrim is not as much of a fantasy game as it is a digital exression of the depravity of humans when given the means to enact their deep and twisted desires. An excellent existential simulator questioning the depth of vileness to which a human soul can delve into, Skyrim poses many deep philosophical points such as tyrrany, racism and the uselessness of having a %based pickpocket system if you have quicksave and quickload and reaching the ultimate conclusion of 'f*ck it, if you kill dragons you must be right'.
game-hours: 47.9
review: Skyrim oh glorius skyrim. This game could be my favorite of all time. I must have made 20+ characters playing this game because I was so curios as to the different options to choose from. Going in to it I had no idea the lore or universe of the scrolls franchise but immediatley delved in. The lore is intereting and makes sense. The universe of the game feels somewhat freindly as you step into the open wilds of the tundra but talk to npc's and as you complete quests you begin to notice really how many insane problems Skyrim has. The game invites you to be a strong nordic viking, a stealthy theiving cat, or an expert mage. In all honesty though it encourages you to mix and match and do whatever you want. For example like being an elf who wears heavy armor or a nord who slits throats with dual daggers. It dosent really have many boundraies unlike some of bethesdas other games like fallout which is also one of my favorites despite bugs or flaws. I dont have a counter but I've put a lot of hours into this game(if you look at steam playtime it might be realtivley small because I used to play on 360). There are a number of things you can do like: -Finish the main quest -Get the best weapons and armor through smithing(very tedious) -Complete the companions quest line and other spoilers that I will not say -Complete the mages guild quest line -Complete the theives guild quest line -Complete the dark brotherhood quest line or destroy it by talking to Commander Caius -Choose sides in the great war and complete the quests to restore order for your chosen faction -Investigate the forsworn consipacy -If you have Dawnguard, Dragonborn, or hearthfire dlcs defintley do all you can in them -Do quests for the many daedric lords -Fufill side quests for the trobuled people in skyrim -Get as many Thu'um shouts as you can and kill as many dragons as you can -If you can get mods GET THEM the modding community has very talented people in it -And most inportantly have fun in the world and FusRoDah any guard that says he took an arrow in the knee 10/10
game-hours: 71.8
review: i do recommend this game
game-hours: 121.8
review: It feels like never ending, have to play. Great game!
game-hours: 388.7
review: GOOD: Beutyfull scenery, good story and so many refrances BAD: stiff voice acting, paddle swords also, i came to the dragonborn dlc island Some wizard flew up in the air and fell on my dog. 10/10 senile scribblers aprove
game-hours: 14.4
review: Like any other game that allows you to put in cheats, an mods. It's a great game for the sole reason of that. I'd recommend buying it. Though recommendations for games like these "Mainstream" Aren't very neccesarily due to the wide variety of gameplay videos created on youtube.
game-hours: 501.7
review: Amazing game that, when including mods, has near infinite play time value
game-hours: 40.7
review: >stroll into my local GameStop >looking to pick up a copy of Skyrim >grab the game and take it to the charming maiden at the register >"Pardon me, milady...but could you ring me up? A shame I don't have your number or I'd ring you up instead..." >she giggles and takes the game, blushing as her fingers brush mine due to my fingerless gloves >her eyes widen as she reads the game's title >"Wow, I've never seen anyone buy this before! You must have special taste!" >I smile and ready a witty response when suddenly a voice rings out from behind >"Hahaha look at what this  is buying! That's not Call of Duty! What a piece of !" >I quickly turn around, my cloak billowing behind me, to discern the source of the rude outburst >generic dudebro caricature with a sports team cap and "the guy that beat you up that one time behind the school in early October" shirt is standing there guffawing >"Excuse me sir...you may disparage my person if you wish, but it is untoward to swear in front of a lady." >" you !" >I smile quietly and tip my fedora low across my eyes, concealing them >"As you wish..." >I quickly swing my cane into his kneecap before he can react >he bellows and charges forward >I expertly sidestep him and the cashier screams as he crashes into the counter >I draw my sword-cane and mutter a quiet oath as I drive it deep into his back >"...requiescat in pace..." >As I clean my blade the girl walks out from behind the counter, twirling her hair with her fingers >"So...maybe you'd like to come over to my place to play that game sometime...? >"No thanks, milady, it's single player only. Besides..." >I sheath my sword >"You're not my type." >skate away on my Heelys
game-hours: 212.3
review: When some donkey  smelling prick comes up to me in skyrim and tells me i'm a  I kill his whole family and the entire population of that town along with that, also I download the nude mod so I can fap to some huge dead  ,that's how I live my life in skyrim. #DragonBornThugLife I rate this game 69/420
game-hours: 144.2
review: I highly recommend Skyrim. I have played the game for 102 hours now and I have still not completed all the achievments and I wish to play the game for a second time through, the story line is immersive and the scenery is picturesque. The game limitations are endless due to mods, making the game theoritcally impossible to complete. This game was revolutionary and unique, I mean in what other game can you kill a childs parents and then adopt that same child?
game-hours: 2113.9
review: I love this game. I wish it was a bit more like Morrowind but it is still the best game Ive played.
game-hours: 97.3
review: When you're bored, Skyrim is there for you. Always.
game-hours: 10.1
review: its a good RPG game,the dlc are good,like the steam workshop mods, i would give this 10/10
game-hours: 77.3
review: TESV: The Elder Scrolls is a great, amazing game with incredible depth. I fully recommend it. 10/10
game-hours: 236.4
review: visiems rpg megejms reikia isbandyt
game-hours: 74.4
review: Ehm so I have to write a report.. Errr, well done.. Whoever made this game? System and gameplay is so much in depth, more when you like something and suddenly you discover it has more "features" if you look deeper. I know it's blah blah blah but that how I found this system xD Storyline is one of the best! 50h isn't enough to finish the story.. Well, not for me specially when you give me RPG to play. Lel. Graphics.. Even though I'm running the game on Ultra with very nice and smooth fps, I had to downloaded the HighTextures and other graphics enhancment mods so I'd enjoy my moment in-game .. Jungle xD This game is sick! I couldn't drop it for a little so i'd finish Persona Q .. Which I just played the first 15min T.T Best of luck lol.
game-hours: 11.5
review: "Like Far Cry 3 without guns." -ign
game-hours: 25.9
review: The game is fairly fun but if you go down the tank route (heavy armor and 2 handed) then you area basically (almost) invincible. but still its a lot of fun. altough adding a few mods to make the gameplay harder is always nice ;) 10/10
game-hours: 23.4
review: 15/10 amazing game, everyone need to play this game ;3
game-hours: 215.3
review: If you like questing in a fantasy world and don't own this game you might be insane. Say whatever you like about simplified mechanics and action combat, Skyrim takes you to a world like few games do and is fun from begining to end.
game-hours: 219.1
review: skyrim belongs to the nords!
game-hours: 150.2
review: If you've played previous Elder Scrolls games, glitches and oddities don't come as a surprise. Nevertheless, Skyrim feature tighter combat, fewer bugs, improved graphics and so on. If there is anything to complain about in this game, it would be the user interface, inventory taking up A LOT of useless items, SOME bad acting, as you level up, the creatures you fight take FOREVER to kill by hitting them 30-40 times, and finally its replayability value. Creating characters is nice (even though it takes a very long time to get what you want done). Finding and completing quests is solid. I said all I disliked. The game succeeds in comparison to Elder Scrolls IV, and I am addicted to this game like a... person... playing games! Replayability value is hard to get back to though if you leave the game for a month or more. Anyways, great work on the game, this is more than I expected it to be with little to no struggle to get "used to". Postives: +Tons of content +Fun combat +Huge open world to explore +Modding tools +Deep character creation tools +A lot of side missions and long/endless gameplay +A lot of ways to improve graphics Negatives: Bug-free Horrible voice acting Poor character animations Overall: 9/10
game-hours: 216.1
review: This game is so excellent that I don't even feel worthy enough to review it. Suffice it to say that "the bar" in terms of Role Playing Games is just a plaything for Bethesda Game Studios. They can put it wherever they want and it will stay there until they come back for it again. Nobody else will even come close.
game-hours: 128.8
review: a very entertaining and addictive game
game-hours: 147.4
review: I think it's a good continue in TES serie. And yeah, SKYRIM FOR NORDS !
game-hours: 75.1
review: Skrim M8 ITS SHREKIN
game-hours: 412.9
review: Honestly, this is one of the best games I have ever played, it's up there on my lst with the Legend of Zelda games like OoT and LttP. Enough with that, back to the acutal review. If you ever loved Medivaeavl Fantasy as a kid, or still do (like I do), you will love this game. You can do whatever you want in this game. The stories are not tight like many other games I've played. You can turn from a Mage to Warrior in a blink of an eye, and back agian. Also, my 300 hours of playing this game doesn't give this review much justice as I first played on my Xbox 360 when it came out, but eventually bought it on the PC for mods, and it is sooo much better, In the end, we won't see a game as good as this in awhile, at least untill Bethesda makes Fallout 4 and/or The Elder Scrolls VI. (Or if Valve makes Half Life 3..) Last thing I would like to say is that Famitsu, a highly revered review magizine gave Skyrim a perfect 40/40 score, it was the first western game to get the perfect score, Grand Theft Auto 5 being the second.
game-hours: 62.8
review: Be a cat and empty everyones pockets, ben a man and defeat a dragon or be whatever you want to be and kick some as. done with the game, maybe try some mods?
game-hours: 112.0
review: The only game that makes you feel like you achieved nothing even though you have 50 hours of gameplay, so much content its ridicules!
game-hours: 63.0
review: Iv'e re-played the story over 3 times, and had a completely different experience each go. 10/10.
game-hours: 154.7
review: In my time Skyrim has been one of the best games I've ever played.It has all you need for an indulging play. If you like medievil, dragon age, steel clashing things then I suggest Skyrim. I like skyrim for the freedom and the fact you dont need to choose a class you can make one be it, ranger, mage, battle-mage, warrior, swordsman, theif, assasin etc. its your choice. DLCs are a good addon but they are quiet pricey so the cheapest and the best(in my view) is Hearthfire, the others yea, killing fighting but hearthfire is one of my favourite. You can build your own house which I think is pretty cool and raise a familiy. So yes I suggest Skyrim I think its a great game and you should play it.
game-hours: 113.5
review: IF YOU DONT GET SKYRIM I WILL FIND YOU BEAT YOU TO DEATH WITH A POLE AND BURN YOUR DEAD CORPSE WITH A FLAMETHROWER THEN USE A CHAINSAW TO GRIND YOUR GUTS INTO GIBLETS AND THEN I WILL FEED THE GIBLETS TO HUNGRY SHARKS
game-hours: 93.8
review: Quite possibly the greatest game to end the Xbox 360/Playstation 3 era. There is so much to do in this game - if you had 20 dollars to spare and you could only purchase one game in the next 4 years, this would be the game to buy. I have about 1000 hours collectively put into this game from 2011. I bought this game when it first came out (a few months after my high school graduation). I used to pirate games but thanks to this game, I now purchase games legitimately. Why? Because I realized that developers like this need that financial support. The amount of love that the development team put into this game is legendary. You can tell that they truly cared about creating a place that would forever last in your memories. I've beaten the game's main stories only twice, but there is still a crap-ton of stuff you can do afterwards. The game simply never ends. I often crave for the game's viking theme and it truly feels like a new game each time. Anyways, if you haven't purchased the game already, you truly NEED this game in your library. You cannot call yourself a gamer and NOT have played this game. Greatest game of all time (so far) 10/10.
game-hours: 79.7
review: Graphics: Better than... i dunno, i dont want to see a bunch of fans of "insert game here" rage at me (9/10 i guess) Storyline: Well Understood modelling of 3D Objects: 11/10 Moddability: 9001/10
game-hours: 385.0
review: Bought the whole game and all its dlcs twice, Xbox and PC. Combined 46 days of playtime. 11/10 -It was ok- -Far Cry with swords-
game-hours: 57.7
review: Walked into cave, got mauled by a bear. 10/10 would play again. PS: My old account has over 4000 hours on this game. Mod it and have the best time of your life.
game-hours: 282.1
review: Only one word can describe this game. EPIC. This is by far one of the greatest open word fantasy RPG's of all time. If you don't have this game, you're doing it wrong!
game-hours: 0.8
review: moved from console to pc.............BOOBS everywhere
game-hours: 61.3
review: It's good, yo.
game-hours: 430.1
review: The thing about Skyrim that always brings be back is because it never fails to surprise me. Whether it be a dungeon I've never explored or a playstyle I've never tried. Skyrim is so addictingly fun and extravagantly beautiful it ceases to amaze me. The modding community makes it all the better allowing you to expand the game to what it always felt like it wanted to be, but Bethesda couldn't manage to achieve. Skyrim is always going to be my favorite game of all time.
game-hours: 31.7
review: It is SKYRIM why would you not recommend this game! IT GIVES OUT FREE INTERNAL ORGANS!
game-hours: 32.3
review: Much dragon. Such shout. Wow.
game-hours: 18.6
review: all i have to say is BEST F&&KING GAME IVE EVER PLAYED!!! i dont have a ton of hours on my pc because i beat the entire game on my ps3 and got pc version for mods so been modding my game a lot but on my ps3 i spent at least 300+ hrs on one character and between all my characters i probalbly have at least 500+ hrs on this game!!!!!! SO BUY THE F%%KING GAME ITS THE BEST GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! MY FINAL RATING 10/10 without mods 100/10 with mods so make sure you mod your game!!!!!! BUY IT NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 350.3
review: Best game ever.
game-hours: 67.6
review: It's ing Good
game-hours: 83.3
review: BEST GAME EVER 5M/10.... soo much to do! if you run out of things.... MODZ. Nuff Said
game-hours: 16.1
review: see that mountain? you can
game-hours: 164.2
review: I shot a chicken with an arrow and it blew up. 15/10
game-hours: 127.0
review: I played this game for 3 Years. The first 2 where on my xbox, but the I realised you can mod the game, so i left my level 60 Orc with daedric armour and gone straight to my old shanky PC. and because of skyrim I've became a PC gamer. Thanks Skyrim, thank you!!! 100000/10
game-hours: 275.8
review: Magnfico juego... fantsticos grficos!! Mapa gigante y con muchisimas misiones secundarias! Tambien buen RPG!
game-hours: 180.2
review: Basically the story about Tom Sawyer and how his mind is not for rent.
game-hours: 486.0
review: This game has changed my gaming forever. Totally immersive - love the Modding - gaming for adults
game-hours: 901.8
review: 900 hours after a rude awakening in a rickety cart, a moment to reminisce on all that Life in Skyrim had to throw at you: * escape imminent death from beheading * escape imminent death from dragons, spiders, bears, wolves, trolls, vampires, elves, giants, dwarves * escape imminent death from soldiers, bandits, guards, vendors, bartenders, maids, bards, cooks, mages, farmers * escape imminent death from rockfalls, sinkholes, spikes, flamethrowers, waterfalls, slicers * escape imminent death from carrying too much, carrying too little, having everything but That One Thing(tm), having too many of That One Thing(tm), having the correct amount of That One Thing(tm) but at the wrong time, underdressing, overdressing, stepping on something, NOT stepping on something. shouting, not shouting, bribing, not bribing * escape imminent death from rushing, lingering, picking up books, being illiterate, pulling levers, ignoring levers All the while your wardrobe is a function of whatever you just looted off that last dead guy (or girl, or creature!) until in the midst of cheating death you discover you can actually learn to make your own stuff, if you manage to escape imminent death while hunting, gathering or mining. You start getting more confident as your wardrobe and your sharp or blunt implements grow in sophistication, only to discover there is also magic in this world, and imminent death can come out of shadows, or darkness, or distance, or other dimensions, in any combination of freezing, burning, electrifying, infecting, poisoning, or afflicting ways. So you learn to savour the sparse moments you can stop to replenish your strength, and experience the joys of numerous things to eat and drink that turn out to be imminent death in bite-sized portions. You discover that sleep, besides imminent death, also brings inter-dimensional travel. You stop and pick the flowers (mind the bees and firebugs), you take in the panoramic views from atop majestic mountains (mind your step), you woo the fair damsels (mind their temper and/or concealed dagger), you sing and drink and brawl (mind whose toes you step on). You travel and fight, talk and laugh with varying companions, sometimes human, sometimes not, sometimes they save you, sometimes you save them, sometimes they betray you, sometimes you betray them. You shout at people. You blow off steam with automatons. You talk with dogs. You dance with wolves. You trot with horses. You chat with bats. You roll with trolls. You parlor with dragons. You buy, and sell, but mostly you 'borrow'. You rent, or acquire, or build. You marry the wench of your dreams, and a dragon drops in, causing her to leave you at the altar. You adopt cute little orphans, to watch them spend hours every day honing their dagger skills while you desperately try not to fall asleep. Eventually, you realize you worked your way through many a death-defying career: * you were an adventurer (like me), and saved the world from a dragon. * you joined a group of liberal hippies that spend their life shouting at the skies * you negotiated a truce in a civil war * you took sides and massacred the others * you joined a group of assassins * you joined a group of thieves * you joined a group of mages * you joined a pack of werewolves * you joined a flock of vampires * you collected other-dimensional trophies * you did every quest * you killed every boss (some of them twice) * you visited every dungeon * you explored the length and breadth of the lands, the darkest reaches of the earth, the highest peaks, the deepest seas, the strangest planes of existence, and every single inn (because, we need to test the mead). In this one moment of self-congratulatory awe at the completeness of your own achievements, you hear a displaced voice whisper.... "Dude, you didn't even mod yet?". It is then you realize that these past 900 hours were really just the tutorial, the intro, the prelude, the awakening. You're never leaving this place. Ever. So speaketh The Voice. Unless of course, imminent death. (*) (*: Actually, death turns out to lead to singing and drinking mead and slaying dragons and then being sent back to keep doing some more imminent dying. Sorry. On the bright side, jiggling: it's real.)
game-hours: 492.0
review: its an art . its hard to describe but Skyrim brings you to another dimension. excellent music, atmosphere and lore you may forget your real life
game-hours: 97.5
review: Awesome.
game-hours: 17.3
review: Attempted to kill a child with dubstep cannons, it ran and batman suplexed it to death. Kamahameha'd a chicken, it exploded and I died. 10/10
game-hours: 78.3
review: Not sure why I'm writing a review for this game when I could be playing it.
game-hours: 774.5
review: Beyond awesome. PRO: Open world rpg with emergent behaviors and a compelling story line. +loads of content CON(s): You will often stop playing other games when you realize "hey, I could be playing Skryim instead". +game doesn't mow your lawn
game-hours: 603.2
review: I can not even start to say how good this game is. If you dont have it, then why the hell not? 10/10 worth the money
game-hours: 504.2
review: Awesome game with nice graphics, the gameplay is amazing. Even though bethesda has got a reputation of releasing buggy and glitchy games, there are no real gamebreaking bugs. The two DLC's are amazing and the combat and magic system have seen a great improvement from The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion. And the leveling system is also very well thought out. There are only some complaints that aren't even worth mentioning, exept that the AI can be really bad sometimes. The heartfire DLC gives you the oppertunity to built a house and have childeren. While Dawnguard DLC and the Dragonborn DLC give you new locations and 2 brand new storylines with both amazing and fun quests. Worth the money and you will play this for hours of time. 10/10!
game-hours: 663.9
review: Skyrim. It's an Elder Scrolls game, which means you're going to have a huge world to explore again and that really is the main feature of the base game. The combat system, if you want to call it that, is unimpressive and magic feels more limited than it did in previous Elder Scrolls installments and the main storyline is acceptable but not great by any standards. However what Bethesda did do right is the creation of the world all this happens in. Dungeons and ruins are more varied compared to what they were like in Oblivion and the outside world is huge in its own right and allows for days worth of exploration. So despite its flaws I'd strongly recommend this game. There is however a lot of snow. You probably should be looking at an other title if you have a phobia for snow.
game-hours: 85.6
review: Like Far Cry 3 with swords! 10/10- IGN
game-hours: 23.6
review: Elder Scrolls never seems to fail me only if your elder scrolls ONLINE.. Pros Game is well designed Many weapons Dragons you can fight you can be a wolf neat fighting animations Steam workshop adds a whole new game and making even more hours of skyrim to play Cons N/A
game-hours: 435.0
review: The game is great much like the other Bethesda game has full freedome to lurk around where ever you want without worry of your quests and as any of the other titles full mod support makes the game have limitless hours of gameplay by far the game has much to offer evryone who has a chance to try and play it should.
game-hours: 45.7
review: Mag ich!
game-hours: 65.4
review: Skyrim is a game i would recommend to all players it has amazing graphics a good story and plenty of fun and dangerous quests to play through. The beggining is no different from most Elder Scrolls since once again the story starts with you being in prison or arrested. But past that Skyrim opens you to a new world full of caves,dungeons,cities,camps,and houses all throughout the world. But I also have problems with the game since th PC version is very glitchy. I sometimes take armor off a armor stand and put new armor on it then come back to see the old armor has duplicated replacing the armor I had put on there. You might think oh you now can give that armor to your followers or sell it! But this happens nearly everytime you leave your house and it is very frustrating. The game also glitches on quests causing me to go back to previous game files which is bad and is something that needs to be fixed. But in all Skyrim will always be one of the best games to ever be made. I have never seen any game like it and never will. 9/10
game-hours: 87.0
review: I just NAILED two Dragons at the same time in this game. I hate to admit it but the feeling was better than the feeling I get at the end of coitus. If you have a job, you're going to get fired. If you go to school, you're going to get F's. If you have a girl/guy, they're not going to hear from you for about a week. If I had to chose between doing coke or playing this game I would do coke because it seems like the less addicting choice. Best game of the decade by far.
game-hours: 517.5
review: If you're looking for an amazing RPG well then POLICE,POLICE THERE IS A MAD MAN SHOPPING FOR A ROCKET LAUNCHER!But seriously if you don't have this game all i can say is why.The graphic look stunning,the controls work really well,the story is a big upgrade from oblivion and when i say big i mean BIG,And th gameplay is so fun you could sit at your computer for hours,also the game is modable.Enough has been said.
game-hours: 0.3
review: One of the best game to ever grace humankind.
game-hours: 169.4
review: Buy it and mod it now you s.
game-hours: 728.2
review: THE BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 205.0
review: + Practically limitless content + Insanely mod-able + Great perk/leveling system + Practically flawless replayability + Massive, massive open world; Incredible amount of content - Too much freedom. Brings out the worst in people. - Horrible UI (Recommend you fix this with mods)
game-hours: 468.8
review: This is the best game ever 10/10 for replay value and fun with mods you can make it better then a modern day anything with over 400 hours and countless play throughs you can do what ever you want and with its low price it makes it a great deal for everyone.
game-hours: 83.4
review: Well I can tell you so much things about that game but I won't :D. This is the best game I saw, I think if you like the game and know it you will enjoy to listen this....
game-hours: 204.1
review: -Drool-
game-hours: 69.4
review: Beautiful Game.
game-hours: 31.5
review: Must own for RPG fans, or dragon fans... or any fans... or anyone with a computer, Xbox360, or PlayStation 3... Update 3/1/2015: Just beat the Dragonborn DLC... This is the second (?) time you go to Solsteim (I didn't spell it right) off of Morrowind, as you also go there in TES 3: Morrowind as DLC. The characters were fleshed out, while maybe not emotional, but you could develop a slight bond with. The new island you can visit is awesome and the new Shout is bada$$. Worth $20.00.
game-hours: 696.2
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is one of the most enjoyable RPG's I have ever played. The world is rich with detail, there are always quests to be completed, and you really can become immersed in the experience. Each town is chock full of things to do, be it brew some potions or poisons, craft your own weapons and armor, or bind enchantments to your gear. The dungeons have each been hand crafted with plenty of detail, and are full of secrets, traps, dangers, and rewards. While Skyrim's main quest may not be the best Bethesda has ever created, there are dozens of sidequests, and many of those I could really get involved in. The 4 guilds of Skyrim have their own perks and benefits to joining each; the magic uses of the College of Winterhold, the noble warriors of Jorrvaskr, the opportunistic theives of Riften, or the infamous Dark Brotherhood. The Civil War allows players to participate in the fight for either Skyrim's freedom, or its re-unification, however I thought that the war seemed too scripted, you cannot lose whichever side you fight for. However, I think that Skyrim's quests are one of its stronger suits. As is expected, Skyrim is the best looking Elder Scrolls game to date. Even without the use of any mods, the landscape is breathtaking, large, and diverse. The towns maintain a large feel to them, without bombarding the player with massive ammounts of content. Each has its own unique style and feeling, and were fun to explore. Skyrim has 2 major DLC's and one minor one. Dawnguard lets players fight against a growing vampire menace, terrorizing the towns of Skyrim in an effort to permanently block out the sun, or join the Dawnguard, and destroy the vampires once and for all. Dragonborn returns players to the island of Solstheim, previously visited in The Elder Scrolls 3: Bloodmoon. The island was created with care, and the main quest was one of the most enjoyable of the game. The inhabitants of Solstheim have plenty of tasks that they need you to do. Hearthfire allows players to construct their own house at 3 different locations, and have a full family by adopting up to 2 children. The best part of Skyrim is its huge community of modders. Whether it be on the Steam Workshop or the Skyrim Nexus, there are thousands of mods for skyrim, and many that have been made with extreme care, and feel as though they could have been in the base game, without feelings cheaty in any way. The replay value with mods is absolutely huge, and keeps Skyrim feeling fresh even 2 years after the release. I would encourage anyone who is willing to make a small investment for hours upon hours of fun, enjoyable gameplay, that keeps them coming back for more. Overall, I would rate Skyrim 9.2/10
game-hours: 93.2
review: Its pretty good. Everyone keeps going on like its the reincarnation of Jesus Christ, but I dont think its that good. Its really good after mods though.
game-hours: 663.5
review: It's an awesome ing game good god who doesn't like/liked it?
game-hours: 133.2
review: One of the best cRPG ever created. The mods allow to extent the gameplay significantly and although I have played it quite a lot, I still find new quests and uncompleted tasks.
game-hours: 131.8
review: FUUS RO DAH!!!!
game-hours: 84.2
review: Had this on the Ps3 when it came out and bought it during the Thanksgiving sale. Totally worth it. It is so much better on PC then it is on Console
game-hours: 927.2
review: Shot some thug bandit with an arrow. He ripped it out and shot it back at me. Missed, but hot-diggity-doo, dat niqqa be one mutha-truckin' G. 60-wallpapers-per-second/10
game-hours: 214.5
review: great game. 200 hours in and I have finished the theives guild questline, dark brotherhood questline, and the college of winterhold questline, and have close to 50,000 gold. along with the quests, the DLCs are also worth the money. words of wisdom: Dragonborn DLC is not a good idea to purchase before level 40-50. I tried at level 5, kept on dying, tried again at 20, also kept on dying, and once again at level 45 and let me tell you, even then it is still pretty hard. The hearthfire DLC is pretty cool, you get to build a house, adopt kids, move in with your wife etc. The only problem is; be prepared to spend a lot of gold and collect a lot of recources, because you have to build EVERYTHING in your house. I mean EVERYTHING. Unless you want to spend 10,000 gold to have your housecarl (you can move people like lydia into your house) and have them decorate for you. overall, the game is very time consuming, fun, and well put together. 10/10
game-hours: 151.9
review: I saw a mammoth fall from the sky. 104.09/104.09
game-hours: 28.1
review: Placed my hand next to the PC fan Suffered from 3rd degree burns 10/10 would place my hand again.
game-hours: 40.3
review: Some tips if you buy this game: 1. Kill the horse and driver that's driving you with the console at the start of the game (restart after sitting there for about 10 minutes). 2. Spawn in 20 bandits on top of a cliff and shout at them. 3. Type in the console "player.placeatme 00064b33 1000" (don't actually do this... unless you want to). 4. NEVER type "caqs" in the console. Just don't. 5. Download mods. A lot of them. 6. I mean it when I say don't type in "caqs" in the console. 7. pls dont type it in. srsly. 8. I ran out of ideas. 9. Just play the game. Welcome to Skyrim on the PC. P.S. Type "caqs" in the console.
game-hours: 444.1
review: I started this game about a couple of weeks from now i had a glorious boner in the first 10 minutes, i used comand codes so everyone is a chicken now. I make a fantasy where all the races have turned in to chicken and i scream at them while defecating in the floor. I started to get scared but i coudent turned them back i was shocked because everyone was a chicken i got so loleny i married a chicken named lydia i HAD SEX WITH HER. It took me 1 year to forget what i did i diceded to shot myself but i forgot that i was in legendary so it just took like 0,000003 of my life i coudent change dificulty i was not feeling good so i just started to stab myself it took me 4 days to lose 1 health.
game-hours: 116.6
review: hey friends i rite this review from india. india libary, i ask women to install steam on computer. she do install it and i make account and buy skyrim. it is good game for many reason. first i say i buy game by selling goat, if u want to send me moeny to buyt back goat so i can drink milk slumdogGillionare@ind.ia. i like to play this game, every day i play game at libary. i do not get in trouble because libary women is nice. good game i say. hourse i play this game, i like to do story. play as khajit and steal from people like my brother at home. i show brother he laugh say no realism. i say  you  face. i become theft guild master and kill people. was good game when youi kill big dragon. kill dragon is funnest part. also kill nasty black man who tell me abbout clouds. i reccomended 10/10
game-hours: 63.0
review: Wow this was a great game, i played it for days!! Skipped school and dropped out just to place this game. My children died. #Masterpiece #100endings #Oblivionsucks
game-hours: 166.0
review: Theres so much to do, I haven't even started modding yet.
game-hours: 159.4
review: An epic RPG and the latest addition to The Elder Scrolls, Skyrim is one good game! All I can possibly say to explain it's awesomeness is: (in the words of taketherisk) "You're a fool if you don't have this" Seriously though, get this game.
game-hours: 147.5
review: When I first entered the world of Skyrim, I was immersed in a fantasy setting where I was quickly thrust into a position of power and entrusted with the responsibility to save the world. This is where the fantasy stops. Similarly to any human suddenly gifted with immesurable power I proceeded disregard the responsibilities of my newfound abilities and proceeded to instead enact horrible deeds on the city's guards and townsfolk. It begins to become painfully clear that Skyrim is not as much of a fantasy game as it is a digital exression of the depravity of humans when given the means to enact their deep and twisted desires. An excellent existential simulator questioning the depth of vileness to which a human soul can delve into, Skyrim poses many deep philosophical points such as tyrrany, racism and the uselessness of having a %based pickpocket system if you have quicksave and quickload and reaching the ultimate conclusion of 'f*ck it, if you kill dragons you must be right'.
game-hours: 47.9
review: Skyrim oh glorius skyrim. This game could be my favorite of all time. I must have made 20+ characters playing this game because I was so curios as to the different options to choose from. Going in to it I had no idea the lore or universe of the scrolls franchise but immediatley delved in. The lore is intereting and makes sense. The universe of the game feels somewhat freindly as you step into the open wilds of the tundra but talk to npc's and as you complete quests you begin to notice really how many insane problems Skyrim has. The game invites you to be a strong nordic viking, a stealthy theiving cat, or an expert mage. In all honesty though it encourages you to mix and match and do whatever you want. For example like being an elf who wears heavy armor or a nord who slits throats with dual daggers. It dosent really have many boundraies unlike some of bethesdas other games like fallout which is also one of my favorites despite bugs or flaws. I dont have a counter but I've put a lot of hours into this game(if you look at steam playtime it might be realtivley small because I used to play on 360). There are a number of things you can do like: -Finish the main quest -Get the best weapons and armor through smithing(very tedious) -Complete the companions quest line and other spoilers that I will not say -Complete the mages guild quest line -Complete the theives guild quest line -Complete the dark brotherhood quest line or destroy it by talking to Commander Caius -Choose sides in the great war and complete the quests to restore order for your chosen faction -Investigate the forsworn consipacy -If you have Dawnguard, Dragonborn, or hearthfire dlcs defintley do all you can in them -Do quests for the many daedric lords -Fufill side quests for the trobuled people in skyrim -Get as many Thu'um shouts as you can and kill as many dragons as you can -If you can get mods GET THEM the modding community has very talented people in it -And most inportantly have fun in the world and FusRoDah any guard that says he took an arrow in the knee 10/10
game-hours: 71.8
review: i do recommend this game
game-hours: 121.8
review: It feels like never ending, have to play. Great game!
game-hours: 22.8
review: It's like Skyrim with guns!
game-hours: 867.9
review: This game is amazing! But I don't use the creation kit because I don't know how.
game-hours: 96.2
review: Don't have a social life anymore, thanks.
game-hours: 67.5
review: This game NEVER ENDS. In most games, that wouldn't be a very complimentary feature, but in this game the gameplay is phenomenal, the graphics are great, the level system is smooth, and you can do almost whatever you want. It has hours upon hours of playability, with the main story line, the DLC story lines, the playermade DLCs on the workshop, and then on top of that, every playthrough can be different because of the vast collection of player made mods. Plus it was only $7.50 during the Christmas sale. I would recommend this game to anyone.
game-hours: 34.4
review: Loved this game back when it first came out played it on a xbox. The game never gets boring for me as you can play with an infinite number of types of class with the make your own class in effect system and you can install mods to make the new experience even better 10/10.
game-hours: 82.2
review: Best Game Ever!!!!! The graphics are not the best but you can tweak it later on with add ons. I adore the story line it is very interesting!!!! I enjoy every second playing this game!!
game-hours: 23.7
review: The story if horrific but the fun in the sandbox world is unmatched.
game-hours: 266.7
review: its really a fun game i never get bored of it
game-hours: 241.4
review: EN AWESOME GAME EVERYONE NEEDS THIS
game-hours: 341.1
review: I can describe this game in one single word: Amazing. I don't like the roleplay genre, but I like this game. I can't write more, I need to play Skyrim! I'm addicted! Damn!
game-hours: 41.5
review: IMPORTANT: Do yourself a favor and buy the Legendary Version of Skyrim instead. There are a LOT of good mods that require all the DLC's and it would be a shame if you wouldn't be able to use it because you don't have the dlc's. The legendary edition is definitely worth it especially during sales. Alone without mods? It's one of those games that you pick up and enjoy, get tired of, and then never come back to. With mods? All of a sudden, this game has become an easy candidate for the best game of ALL TIME. You will be able to tweak whatever gameplay settings that bothered you from the original game. You can have new buildings/characters/weapons/quests from mods without having to buy DLC. You can change the entire landscape of Skyrim with graphical enhancements. Oblivion and Morrowind simply cannot compare to this game in the mods department. I used a lot of Lord of the Rings Weapons mods, as well as some star wars mods. If you have a good computer, there are lots of graphic overhauls.
game-hours: 412.2
review: I broke my game after less then an hour of playing it. Ten stars.
game-hours: 1001.1
review: A little more action heavy than previous Elder Scrolls games. Rpg elements are a bit lighter, with fallout style perks to help diversify character builds. The world is huge. Easily hundreds of hours of game-play. After 2 years, I still come back to play a night every few weeks. One of my all time favorite games.
game-hours: 66.1
review: aidan is a er
game-hours: 126.8
review: Skyrim... I don't really think there's much that I can say about this game that hasn't already been said! I've played hundreds of hours on this game (I initially played on console) and I've loved every minute! Skyrim is one of those games that just never gets old, you can always come back to it and there'll be new stuff to find. And that's just Vanilla without mods; the modding community for this game is fantastic, and if you can't find what you want on the Steam Workshop there are thousands of mods on the Skyrim Nexus. From things as simple as retextures to make your game beautiful, all the way up to entirely new worlds, there are mods out there that will completely change your experience. And that's what I lovwe about this game, it never plays the same twice! I highly recommend this game to anyone, even if you're not a big RPG fan, this game is still a masterpiece! At such a low price now, this game is an absolute steal!
game-hours: 180.9
review: Simply one of the best open world RPG game. Played more than 50 hours and can't stop playing it. Huge map with a lot of quest. Stunning story and good graphics. Also it's moddable and there's a lot of things to do. Another great work from Bethesda!
game-hours: 49.7
review: Report yourself ill from work, lock yourself in the basement and prepare to forsake all social intercourse rest of the year. Skyrim is finally here and 300 hours of first-class role-playing entertainment lies ahead of you in a frozen, Viking-inspired winter kingdom.
game-hours: 99.7
review: so good
game-hours: 67.6
review: It's ing Good
game-hours: 83.3
review: BEST GAME EVER 5M/10.... soo much to do! if you run out of things.... MODZ. Nuff Said
game-hours: 16.1
review: see that mountain? you can
game-hours: 663.9
review: Skyrim. It's an Elder Scrolls game, which means you're going to have a huge world to explore again and that really is the main feature of the base game. The combat system, if you want to call it that, is unimpressive and magic feels more limited than it did in previous Elder Scrolls installments and the main storyline is acceptable but not great by any standards. However what Bethesda did do right is the creation of the world all this happens in. Dungeons and ruins are more varied compared to what they were like in Oblivion and the outside world is huge in its own right and allows for days worth of exploration. So despite its flaws I'd strongly recommend this game. There is however a lot of snow. You probably should be looking at an other title if you have a phobia for snow.
game-hours: 244.6
review: all i have to say is the end is....TOTALLY AWESOME BRUH :)
game-hours: 98.8
review: 10/10. That's all.
game-hours: 184.1
review: Honestly?.. i dont even think i need to make a review but... who cares. Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is probably one of my favourite games. You can go anywhere you like and do ANYTHING you want and nobody will care, except the guards if your feeling lucky. 20/10 You need to get Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, you will not regret it :)
game-hours: 32.9
review: I can never get bored with the constant quests and dlcs
game-hours: 723.0
review: 3 and a half years after its release, Skyrim is still more captivating than any RPG I've ever played. The modding community is dedicated, quirky, and practical. The game is very much tailored by personal experience and values, not only in the selection of guilds, but in the character development as well. You will find yourself debating whether or not to let a man live based upon the actions of his peers, be they bandits, Thalmor, Stormcloaks, Imperials, etc. The social dynamics of the game are often overlooked in favor of the graphic quality, questlines, and combat, but it is the dialogues and familial nature of Skyrim that has truly made this an excellent experience- one I'd say every game enthusiast ought to appreciate. 10/10.
game-hours: 71.0
review: It is one of the best games that i have ever played
game-hours: 202.8
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is personally, my favorite story-based game. The many classes you can be enriches the game, and you can defeat the ultimate dragon in numerous ways according to your chosen warrior. Not only do you play the storyline, but you can choose to freely roam Skyrim at any point in the game, and obtain the best gear in the game. The huge variety of enemies and monsters to defeat in the game creates an endless fun experience. Getting the DLC for the game enhances the game in many ways. 11/10
game-hours: 61.3
review: It's good, yo.
game-hours: 65.6
review: Best Game Ever! 10/10 would bang!
game-hours: 890.7
review: One of the greatest games of all time. It sure earned those 200 GOTY awards. (game of the year)
game-hours: 294.0
review: This isn't just a game, this is life! No really, I do not know of what one could dislike about this game. Whilst it does scream "like me" as a game title, you can't help but love it as much as it wants you too. The storyline in Skyrim is amazingly immersive the first time you play through it. While I played through it I felt a since of Urgency to stop Alduin and save Tamerial from him. The only real downside to this game is that there's not really the ability to be an evil character per example, why not rule beside Alduin instead of killing him? Why not kill the greybeards once you've the ability to or kill all the jarl's and declare yourself King of Skyrim? The lack of options in those specific area's are a downside to it. However there's so much content here that you'd be an idiot not to buy it. This game is to me, the definition of perfection easily the best game I've played through and then it gets even better with mods. Case closed this is a 10 out of 10.
game-hours: 203.0
review: So i shouted at a chicken and a dragon came to attack the town, the town people were attacking me and the dragon so i shouted at the dragon and wrode on him, burnt all the people in the villege, killed the dragon, took his bones and scales and shouted my way to my house 100/10 would waste my life again
game-hours: 16.7
review: This game influenced me; I now try to move stuff and people by shouting. I love it!
game-hours: 844.7
review: 11/10 Like Far Cry 3 with dragon.
game-hours: 36.9
review: This is one of the top 5 games of the past 10 years in my opinion. 9.5/10: WOULD BANG.
game-hours: 18.4
review: This game is an epic adventurer game and it is perfect for people who love adventure! This game is a 10/10 game and is totally AWESOME!!!
game-hours: 133.3
review: That one game that 25% of people play for pure fun, and the rest just play it for the sex mods and nude models. 10/10
game-hours: 163.8
review: Better than masturbation.
game-hours: 249.5
review: I personally think this is one of the best open world games I've played so far, aside from Oblivion and Morrowind. Skyrim, to me, seems to be a watered down version of an Elder Scrolls game, but with much better graphics of course. It's fit more for console gamers, but this is still an awesome game, I actually like playing this game with a controller to be honest. If you want a more in depht, complicated Elder Scrolls game, buy Oblivion or Morrowind. I also like the fact that this game has a Steam Workshop where you can download mods for your game to alter your experience, whether it'd be graphics, new hair styles, weapons, quests, just about anything you want to add to your game. Definitely a must have if you're a fan of Open World fantasy games that let you do or go wherever you wish.
game-hours: 161.4
review: An okay screensaver where you can pass time by suplexing bandits. Wait there was a story???
game-hours: 57.6
review: you can ride a dragon 69/69 would ride again
game-hours: 294.0
review: This isn't just a game, this is life! No really, I do not know of what one could dislike about this game. Whilst it does scream "like me" as a game title, you can't help but love it as much as it wants you too. The storyline in Skyrim is amazingly immersive the first time you play through it. While I played through it I felt a since of Urgency to stop Alduin and save Tamerial from him. The only real downside to this game is that there's not really the ability to be an evil character per example, why not rule beside Alduin instead of killing him? Why not kill the greybeards once you've the ability to or kill all the jarl's and declare yourself King of Skyrim? The lack of options in those specific area's are a downside to it. However there's so much content here that you'd be an idiot not to buy it. This game is to me, the definition of perfection easily the best game I've played through and then it gets even better with mods. Case closed this is a 10 out of 10.
game-hours: 890.7
review: One of the greatest games of all time. It sure earned those 200 GOTY awards. (game of the year)
game-hours: 410.4
review: Skyrim, oh where to start. I got the game for the Xbox 360 christmas 2011 (yes I was a console peasent back then) and was instantly dragged into a fanboy state. I remember the opening cutscene playing and I just sat there squeling like a little girl. After powering through the tutorial I was faced with the massive worldspace and the hours of exploring, questing and fighting that lied ahead. As I slowly walked towards the town of riverwood, I saw the amazing variety of landscapes that sprawled out across the world and stood in awe wondering where to begin. On the subject of gameplay, despite a few minor bugs (which have mostly been patched by mods like the unofficial skyrim patch and Bethesda's own patches) it's extremely fun and engaging. The way the combat feels is amazing (expecially the archery) and the more tedious tasks (crafting, enchanting and alchemy for example) are fun and rewarding in their own way. The story was exciting (if a little bit predictable) and the characters were interesting. However there are (as with all games) some downsides. You can find yourself forced down a few paths and sometimes you'll experience game breaking issues (like one of the master spell quests was bugged for me) but it doesn't take away from what a truely great experience Skyrim is.
game-hours: 418.5
review: Love this game, truly, truly amazing.
game-hours: 36.9
review: This is one of the top 5 games of the past 10 years in my opinion. 9.5/10: WOULD BANG.
game-hours: 16.7
review: This game influenced me; I now try to move stuff and people by shouting. I love it!
game-hours: 163.8
review: Better than masturbation.
game-hours: 249.5
review: I personally think this is one of the best open world games I've played so far, aside from Oblivion and Morrowind. Skyrim, to me, seems to be a watered down version of an Elder Scrolls game, but with much better graphics of course. It's fit more for console gamers, but this is still an awesome game, I actually like playing this game with a controller to be honest. If you want a more in depht, complicated Elder Scrolls game, buy Oblivion or Morrowind. I also like the fact that this game has a Steam Workshop where you can download mods for your game to alter your experience, whether it'd be graphics, new hair styles, weapons, quests, just about anything you want to add to your game. Definitely a must have if you're a fan of Open World fantasy games that let you do or go wherever you wish.
game-hours: 5.4
review: "ooo this venison must be beef" - Claire
game-hours: 400.6
review: first i got the nodachi then i chopped my wife and got more souls for my soulgem and then i built a hide helmet for my good pal alvor. alvor's a pretty good guy, and if u havent tlkd to him u probly shud, cuz hell giv u a iron dagon. you can use the dagr to sneak attack the greybeerds, and if u keep doin dat u will farm the sneek skill. eventully they won liek u and they will fus ro da u and sometimes theyll zun haal viik u if they get really mad. but still its a very fun game and i have 20 characters, and after a while you will see that dovahkiin is the true master race.
game-hours: 844.7
review: 11/10 Like Far Cry 3 with dragon.
game-hours: 133.3
review: That one game that 25% of people play for pure fun, and the rest just play it for the sex mods and nude models. 10/10
game-hours: 398.8
review: A brilliant RPG set in a beautifully created world. Dragons, ogres and bandits run amok and you can easily lose yourself in the game doing the near infinite amount of quests. Be a stealthy assassin or powerful mage and discover the power of the Dragonborn while fight for the Imperial Empire or Stormcloak Rebellion... if you want to. There is so much to this game that you can spend over 100 hours in it and never touch the main quests and when you're done, it has an extensive modding community to offer new creatures, weapons and entire quests to keep your adventure going.
game-hours: 59.6
review: If you havent played this game, then i feel sorry for you. This game isn't for everyone but it is a great game. It has a great storyline that made me feel like I never ran out of things to do. You dont have to do the story because it is open world. You can go any where and the map is huge. There are lots of weapons and spells to fight beings and dragons. Oh wait i forgot to say it has FREAKING DRAGONS. If you wonder if this game is worth it, well it is. The graphics look next gen, but the game was made in 2011. That is impressive.
game-hours: 162.1
review: This game is all about choice, the story about a man named Commander Shepard. When he was thirteen years old he heard about "pegging." This is when a guy gets banged up the butt with a banana. Stimulate the prostate gland hard enough, and the rumor is you can have explosive hands-free org asms. At that age, this friend's a little sex maniac. He's always jonesing for a better way to get his rocks off. He goes out to buy a carrot and some peanut butter jelly. To conduct a little private research. Then he pictures how it's going to look at the supermarket checkstand, the lonely carrot and petroleum jelly rolling down the conveyer belt toward the grocery store cashier. All the shoppers waiting in line, watching. Everyone seeing the big evening he has planned. John buys milk and eggs and sugar and a carrot, all the ingredients for a carrot cake. And Vaseline, awaiting the Reapers to Collect his beautiful Battle . Like he's going home to stick a carrot cake up his butt. At home, he whittles the carrot into a blunt tool. He slathers it with grease and grinds his  down on it. Then, nothing. No . Nothing happens except it hurts. Commander Shepard dies trying to save Liara's beautiful tentacle/hentai hair that he would love to stick up his butt. But no luck for Commander Shepard. 10/10 - It's descent
game-hours: 105.5
review: dat lore tho
game-hours: 18.4
review: This game is an epic adventurer game and it is perfect for people who love adventure! This game is a 10/10 game and is totally AWESOME!!!
game-hours: 88.2
review: i am so addicted to this game! its the best game! i love it. i also get to cheat a little because of the console commands! this game is the BOMB!
game-hours: 203.0
review: So i shouted at a chicken and a dragon came to attack the town, the town people were attacking me and the dragon so i shouted at the dragon and wrode on him, burnt all the people in the villege, killed the dragon, took his bones and scales and shouted my way to my house 100/10 would waste my life again
game-hours: 96.7
review: One of those games you will remember and perhaps play 5-10 years after it came out. Skyrim shines by very early on letting you into a vast open world where you can go anywhere. You can pick a direction and go. Along the way you will find all sorts of interesting quests, NPC's, treasure, etc. The game is an RPG where you level up based on the Skills you use. The more skills/talents you use, the more exp you gain. You gain perk points upon leveling up to increase skill trees related to almost anything you can think of in an RPG (Warrior, thief, lockpicking, armor, etc). Combat is a little simple, but still fun. There are vast amounts of weapons to choose from, you can use magic, you can use quick or heavy attacks, you can block, and parry to stun. First and 3rd person cameras are available. I could spend pages describing the different weapons and spells. Its got a great story, good graphics, and almost infinite gameplay. The real magic comes from the modders. There are so many amazing mods out there for this game. From the quality of life changes like SKY-UI, to graphical encancement mods (ENB), to full new areas and quests added you can find almost anything you want. The game is all about the adventure YOU create for yourself. My only negatives to note would be the combat. Its fun, but I just wish it was a little deeper in strategy. I still enjoy it, but if there was one area the game is lacking a little its the combat (just a little bit lacking). A must own game and a MUST MOD game. Just remember use Skyrim nexus and not Steam workshop. Nexus does not censor any content, most big amazing mods are only on the Nexus, and their mod manager is very useful.
game-hours: 148.2
review: Definitley a breakthrough in RPG's.
game-hours: 134.1
review: Mods. Mods everywhere. Can't stop installing mods. BUY THE GAME NOW!!!
game-hours: 33.0
review: I am a big fan of the elder scrolls series since morrowind and enjoy the story mode a lot and i like doing mods and messing around with them.
game-hours: 10.3
review: I guess I like playing this game, I enjoy how the cows look real woolen, almost like a wooly cow, or a wooly rhino. Plus there are lots of goats in this game, but I dont think there are any sheep, which doesnt make sense... where would the cows get the wool from in the first place? It's the small questions like that one which make the game for me. I mean what other game out there right now has woolen cows in it? I cant think of a single one, not even farming simulator 2012 has cows made of wool in it so why does that game even get so much credit in the first place? I dont get it. If a game doesn't have woolen sheep and does have woolen cows, then tell me where the cows get the in wool from, all these unanswered questions are what make this game so great, and better than its competitors such as checkers or Big 2.
game-hours: 87.7
review: "Like Fallout 3 with magic and dragons."-IGN
game-hours: 156.6
review: Murdered a whole family and was fined 240 gold 10/10
game-hours: 53.3
review: Best game ever, too many good points about this game that this would go on forever. My favourite game, incredible adventure's. So buckle up your horse and run up mountains (if that exicites you). Buy it, now!!!
game-hours: 28.5
review: I will just say SKYRIM
game-hours: 87.7
review: "Like Fallout 3 with magic and dragons."-IGN
game-hours: 33.0
review: I am a big fan of the elder scrolls series since morrowind and enjoy the story mode a lot and i like doing mods and messing around with them.
game-hours: 134.1
review: Mods. Mods everywhere. Can't stop installing mods. BUY THE GAME NOW!!!
game-hours: 118.0
review: great game
game-hours: 10.3
review: I guess I like playing this game, I enjoy how the cows look real woolen, almost like a wooly cow, or a wooly rhino. Plus there are lots of goats in this game, but I dont think there are any sheep, which doesnt make sense... where would the cows get the wool from in the first place? It's the small questions like that one which make the game for me. I mean what other game out there right now has woolen cows in it? I cant think of a single one, not even farming simulator 2012 has cows made of wool in it so why does that game even get so much credit in the first place? I dont get it. If a game doesn't have woolen sheep and does have woolen cows, then tell me where the cows get the in wool from, all these unanswered questions are what make this game so great, and better than its competitors such as checkers or Big 2.
game-hours: 161.5
review: Great Game. Nothing more to say.
game-hours: 109.2
review: 5/5
game-hours: 378.9
review: Made the way how I look at sandbox games forever. It's that good. If you hear anyone give this game below a 7/10 at most, they have brain problems.
game-hours: 200.9
review: good game have been playing for a few years now beat the game about 2 times and still havent finished it yet i love this game !
game-hours: 805.7
review: Aye.
game-hours: 34.0
review: One of the BEST games I have ever played, very addicting
game-hours: 738.4
review: Nice.. Akarusha like it
game-hours: 57.6
review: The game was ok.. installed some mods. Next thing I knew, Everyone was naked, and i was fighting a 10 headed dragon with a rubber duck
game-hours: 162.7
review: Its Skyrim dammit. Of course its good.
game-hours: 118.6
review: Any game that allows you to go around as spiderman with Majora's mask and a keyblade is a must buy in my book, as is this for that exact reason. DO YOU GET MY MEANING YET?!
game-hours: 107.0
review: Best !!!
game-hours: 226.7
review: I love Bethesda. Skyrim was amazing. So much to do. Does get a little boring if your already use to the mechanics of the game. If it's your first time playing a game made by Bethesda, this will no doubt be a wise use of your limited funds to add to your library. I highly reccomend this game to anybody. 10/10
game-hours: 1012.6
review: Escapist fantasy at its best. If you want a strong story or linear gameplay go elsewhere. However, if you want a game where you can do just about anything (and with the robust modding community you can remove the about) this is it.
game-hours: 180.5
review: I have spent over 100 hours collecting flowers in skyrim. There are many different kinds of flowers, like red flowers and also blue flowers. You can also pick things that aren't flowers, but are sort of like flowers, like mushrooms.
game-hours: 117.5
review: I am the PandaBorn. FUS RO DAH!
game-hours: 109.8
review: Its like farcry without guns
game-hours: 17.0
review: Awesome game, as usual, I overused the console commands :P
game-hours: 407.4
review: best game in my life *after fallout*
game-hours: 53.7
review: omg dis gaem ij bezt gem ;vur.  mi is best evur. i no plye uther gem onley dis faeksome gem fer skerem omg fkgmsa iz best evur 1000/10 would modded  children again
game-hours: 48.1
review: MOM LOOK! I CAN KILL DRAGONS!
game-hours: 80.0
review: Skyrim has me walking around and telling my buddies - sorry i cant hangout today i took an arrow to the knee 10/10
game-hours: 41.2
review: A Great game 9/10 this game changed the face of RPG for good , it set new standards in its genre,,, Dragon Age sucks dragon  compared to this!! Should you buy it? Hell yeah if you want a game that you can play for hours on end.
game-hours: 130.1
review: You can have a beard. In a video game. 10/10
game-hours: 10.1
review: <<<<<<<<< Dark Souls
game-hours: 14.7
review: more than your average dragon porn simulator, needs more  though.
game-hours: 678.5
review: Elder Scrolls V - Skyrim...finally in the land of the Nords with all it's ice and snow covered mountainous landscapes. Where men are men, and women are...well many are men also with hairy legs and thicker beards than most guys. Don't challenge any Nord to a drinking game, you'll lose. Also don't drink anything but Nord Mead in their presence, because they'll probably toss you back to Cyrodil, or to Black Marsh, Hammerfel, Morrowind, or wherever the hell you're from. If you dare to drink Skooma, or other vile drink that is not Nord Mead, well.... consider yourself warned Dragonborn.
game-hours: 27.3
review: Best played modded with  mod 2.0
game-hours: 2.0
review: 10000/10
game-hours: 39.5
review: so far pretty fun. i just wish it had a action bar like rift and wow does so i could get some extra use out of my razor naga mouse. kinda dumb that im a caster and have to use both hands to cast when i was watching the new lord of the rings last night and he had a sword and staff and could still cast. still a pretty fun game once you get the  weight removed from items you carry. stupidest idea ever specially for a kleptomaniac like myself. i have like 200,000 gold and i still steal everything in sight cause i just cant help myself. if its lootable its mine
game-hours: 16.4
review: - Installed - Loaded in - Created Character - Did all the intro quests - Talked to jarl of whiterun - Noticed that I could use console commands - Turned off my auto-save feature - Spawned 500000 cabbages - Game crashed - Loaded back in - Sees that I can't continue my game - Creates another character Cabbage/500000; would over throw whiterun with cabbages.
game-hours: 141.6
review: You can walk across the country with hundreds of cabbages in your pockets. I highly recommend this adventure.
game-hours: 120.7
review: I spent 120 official hours and much more unofficial hours , got every single achievement in this game and there are still many more amazing things to do and see in this game. 10/10 - I want to go to sleep and wake up 10 years later when there's a co-op feature in this game.
game-hours: 135.7
review: Game Saving Simulator....would save again. LOL 11/10
game-hours: 180.5
review: I have spent over 100 hours collecting flowers in skyrim. There are many different kinds of flowers, like red flowers and also blue flowers. You can also pick things that aren't flowers, but are sort of like flowers, like mushrooms.
game-hours: 362.5
review: RPG    , ,      The Elder Scrolls,        .   ,    ,    ,    .     ,        ,   Bethesda Softworks           RPG      .  ; ,   . 10/10.
game-hours: 121.2
review: Awesome game to play! if u are into magics and such :P
game-hours: 47.6
review: Walked into Whiterun shanked a kid then ran away 10/10
game-hours: 45.7
review: The amount of effort put into this game is equivelent to the amount of  that comes out of my ears when I take a dump, a lot.
game-hours: 43.1
review: Skyrim in 3 words: Fus Ro Dah! In all seriousness though, Skyrim is a great game. Bethesda have proven how long a games greatness can last, even in a new age of "next-gen graphics". Dispite the funny or annoying glitch here and there Skyrim is THE best singleplayer RPG I've ever played, you can do anything you want; This is your game, so you play it your way. The DLC's are great too, I recommend you get them as well. Skyrim 10/10
game-hours: 247.0
review: Best RPG ever.
game-hours: 18.5
review: Skyrim continues the epic saga of the Elder Scrolls. The High King of Skyrim has been murdered and a civil-war has broken out, for the right to the throne. And if that wasn't enough, the dragons has once again awaken to terrorize the empire. You play the Dragonborn, a hero blessed with special powers that makes you able to fight the dragons. Now it's up to you to find a way to defeat the dragon god, Alduin, because he is prophesized to destroy the whole world. Skyrim is an open world role-playing game where you're free to explore the world at your own pace and leisure. You decide what to do, where to go and the world changes based on those decisions. The open world also means that has both a weather-system and a day-night cycle and that affects the gameplay. You can interact with NPCs and get homes in the different towns you visits. And as always you can adjust your character to fit the way you like to play, with hundreds of weapons, spells and other abilities at your hands to pick and choose from. Even when you aren't pursuing story quests, though, the core narrative dogs you as you trot across the land on foot or on horseback. You might travel to a quaint hamlet only to discover that it's under siege by a hovering beast. The townspeople join you, aiming their arrows and fireballs upward, and not all of them may survive the encounter. These battles impress upon you the terror in which the populace lives, and thus give you a reason to be a hero to them. But plenty of narrative delights have nothing to do with dragons, and some of them could have formed the main story of a lesser RPG. Following an early lead takes you to a lonely house occupied by a single child with a disturbing request. The story that unravels has you acting as a predator and eavesdropping from an unimaginably sinister hiding place. Other story threads embrace the element of choice. You can take sides in the ongoing conflict between Imperial forces and the rebellious Stormcloaks, and then assault enemy camps and rescue prisoners jailed by the enemy. And in one memorable if minor quest line, you can kill a creepy cannibal--or join her and her cohorts at the table. It's impressive enough that there's so much to do; it's even more impressive that most of it is wonderful. Not every dungeon is a joy to explore. Stone-turning puzzles occasionally bring the fun to a halt, and a few repeated cave designs could dampen your spirits. But overall, every task has an excellent sense of context, and surprises lurk around many a turn. Searching for a lost dog turns into a grander quest than you could have guessed--and witty writing and voice acting shine some light into this somber world. Even a simple "go there, kill that" bounty can be a thrill. After all, how often do you face a towering giant and a couple of woolly mammoths? It's too bad that as you approach the giant's camp, one of those mammoths might spawn 100 feet in the air and fall to its death, or land on another mammoth and ride on its back for a few seconds before sliding off.
game-hours: 39.8
review: It's like Far Cry with swords.
game-hours: 24.7
review: its Like Skyrim with Guns!
game-hours: 203.7
review: It's like Fallout with swords.
game-hours: 27.1
review: Just bought and enjoy this Game ing awsome
game-hours: 48.9
review: It is a great game!..... I love it and one that every RPG fan should go and own immediately.
game-hours: 212.7
review: It does not feel as good as Morrowind back in the day, but surely takes place as one of the most amazing single player rpgs with open world.
game-hours: 24.4
review: i love it
game-hours: 12.6
review: great game 9/10
game-hours: 243.8
review: What are you doing in the comments? All you have to do is press "Purchase"
game-hours: 28.1
review: Great game.
game-hours: 17.3
review: At first you are like this games fun, then you are like woah there are mods and then you don't stop the mods and then the next thing you know you are playing as a giant with a strap-on fighting thomas the tank engine
game-hours: 141.3
review: LET ME GUESS, SOMEONE STOLE YOUR SWEETROLL?
game-hours: 340.3
review: What the
game-hours: 226.7
review: I love Bethesda. Skyrim was amazing. So much to do. Does get a little boring if your already use to the mechanics of the game. If it's your first time playing a game made by Bethesda, this will no doubt be a wise use of your limited funds to add to your library. I highly reccomend this game to anybody. 10/10
game-hours: 1012.6
review: Escapist fantasy at its best. If you want a strong story or linear gameplay go elsewhere. However, if you want a game where you can do just about anything (and with the robust modding community you can remove the about) this is it.
game-hours: 64.5
review: Brilliant game, fun, challenging and has lots of hours of gameplay to keep you entertained. I definitely suggest you pick up this game.
game-hours: 107.0
review: Best !!!
game-hours: 162.7
review: Its Skyrim dammit. Of course its good.
game-hours: 22.8
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is an amazing game! I usually don't play single player games, but this is an outstanding game. Buy it, you won't regret it.
game-hours: 30.3
review: The best game I've played in awhile. Just alot of fighting and in your own way, either with swords and bows, or magic and swords! How cool is that?!?
game-hours: 447.4
review: Most amazing game ever. Total immersion.
game-hours: 202.1
review: p good
game-hours: 73.0
review: This has to be one of the best single-player games I've ever played, and with all mods available it's only sky the limit of what you can do here. I would call this even the medieval version of GTA 5, since it's a sandbox open-world RPG where you can customize your character in any way you like and interact with almost every pixel in your surrounding. (picking up items etc.) It also has tons of skills to level up, crafting skills, weapon skills, and a HUGE world to explore with a day/night cycle. Your actions take effect against other NPC's and you can become liked or an enemy. The quests are endless, and there is voice added to every character speech. I would give this game even a better score than metascore, guess i'm gonna give it 96 or 98/100. It's close to perfect. Perfectism. The menu, the graphics, the gameplay, the movement, the enviroment, the key-pointer and inventory is pitch clear. They got it all right. Bravo! I hope other games can learn from this simplistic feeling. The community has a great amount of mods for your customization for adding in-game stuff to changing the graphics and effects. (top notch game!) My steam score 9.5/10 I would recommend this to anyone, and if you can get it for $5,00 or lower, it's a bargain. Note: Best Elder Scrolls game I played so far. (havn't tried TESO yet)
game-hours: 174.5
review: This game is simply the best!
game-hours: 110.9
review: i love this game. Days of fun.
game-hours: 299.2
review: *VERY LONG READ* This is the best fantasy, action, open-world rpg anyone could ask for. Btw I probably have over 400 hours because I used to play it a lot on my ps3. So many different mechanics to it- smithing, (crafting) alchemy, lockpicking, enchanting. Not to mention that it has playstyles for any player. Agressive players can use heavy armor and two-handed weapons. Players who want to be quick and agile can use light armor, one-handed weapons and a shield. Or if they want to be sneaky they can use light armor and a bow and arrow. It also has magic for people who prefer not to use man-made weapons. For attacking a person can use destruction magic, (magic that involves frost, fire, or shock) or they can summon helpers with conjuration, and boost health or upgrade armor rating by using the other three areas of magic the game offers: restoration, illusion, and alteration. If you prefer to be somewhere in the middle of how you play, (magic and combat) you can easily become a spellsword. Combine forces with a bow and arrow and conjuration- or just become a warrior that can restore health by magic means with restoration. The combinations of playstyles are literally endless. And, like a perfect open-world game should, there is not just one storyline. Sure, you have the main storyline- every game needs that. But there are various storylines beyond that- ones that have you assisting the people of skyrim- other storylines do the opposite. You can even get married, adopt children, and buy multiple homes. The graphics are amazing already, so no one has to worry about bad graphics. But even if you don't like the graphics, there are MODS to make it better. Just go look at some of the damn screenshots in the community and you'll see that the graphics are amazing. Skyrim is completely moddable. Mods found on the steam workshop and nexus are easily installed. There are endless possibilities as to how you want to mod your game. If you want an extra storyline, install a mod! (The most famous mod of that category being Falskaar.) If you want weapon packs, install a mod! If you want new NPCs, install a mod! If you want new buildings, install a mod! And if you want to make your own mod, go right ahead and do it! On top of the already great game, the view is spectacular. Sometimes you just have to sit back, relax, and enjoy the scenery the Elder Scrolls V: Skryim has to offer. The player can also commit crimes and go to jail! Possible crimes include pickpocketing, breaking into a house and stealing the stuff in the house, forging business ledgers, assault, murder, tresspassing, and running up to the execution block when the player first enters the city of Solitude will also get them arrested. And don't think that the crimes are pointless because you would just end up in jail for them- the player can do it so it is not seen, and also get perks to get away with crimes more easily. And if they don't want to go to jail... they can slaughter an entire town. Every person you kill can be looted, along with every creature. And they stay there dead in the same spot forever. They don't disappear. Small immersive actions are available in the game as well. For example, any chair can be sat in, you can sit at bars and drink, rent out a room from an inn for a day, eat food, and sleep. There is even a quest that allows the player to get drunk- and also mods that allow the player to get drunk from any drinking instance. (Well what about if I finish the game?) Finsihed all the storylines? There are countless side quests and other objectives you can do. Finish all those? Oh wait you can't do that- the miscellaneous objectives are LITERALLY ENDLESS. I'm serious. The game will keep giving you objectives as long as you keep doing them. To justify the last paragraph, a while ago I started a third playthrough of the game, and found two entire questlines that I didn't know existed and had never encountered before. I looked the both up on a wiki and they were both there, just to confirm that they weren't mods. And to go over skill tree there is: Two-Handed: The player learns how to use two-handed weapons (which can be either a greatsword, battleaxe, or warhammer) more effectively. That includes the ability to do more damage, break blocks easier, and unlock effects of the power attacks. One-Handed: The player learns how to use one-handed weapons (which can be either a sword, waraxe, or mace) more effectively. Increase damage of one handed weapons, learn the art of dual-wielding one-handed weapons, and unlock different kinds of power attacks. Heavy Armor: The player learns how to use heavy armor more effectively. Take less damage from physical attacks, (which means attacks other than magical attacks) make it so heavy armor does not weigh as much, heavy armor depletes less stamina while sprinting, make less noise with heavy armor, and learn the way of punching oppenents to death. <---- Yes, I'm serious about that one. Light Armor: The player learns how to use light armor more effectively. Take less damage from physical attacks, make it so light armor does not weigh as much, and pretty much every other kind of thing you can learn from heavy armor. Except you can't learn how to punch oppenents to death with light armor. Block: A self-explanatory skill tree- block more effectively with shields. As an added bonus, the player can cause their opponents to bleed if they use the shield bash. Archery: Use the bow more effectively in combat. Do more damage, slow down time when you draw an arrow, cause paralysis with your arrows occasionally, get critical hits from arrows more often, and make critical hits even more effective than they already are. Smithing: Smithing is one branch of three skill trees that involve crafting. Smithing focuses on being able to craft all sorts of armor and weapons, and being able to improve them better. Enchanting: Also a branch of crafting. Enchanting allows the player to enchant weapons and armor more effectively, and once the player is advanced enough at enchanting, they can put two effects on one item instead of only one effect. Alchemy: The final branch of crafting. Alchemy allows the player to create very effective potions or poisons available for use in combat. Sneak: The player can get out of any npc's sight easier, do more damage with sneak attacks, learn to execute silent forward rolls while sneaking, and if the player gets amazingly good at sneaking, they are then able to start sneaking in the middle of battle, but instead of it being pointless the enemies would actually lose sight of the player. Lockpicking: The player learns to pick locks easier and do it without being seen. Nothing else to say here. Pickpocketing: The player learns to pick pockets and get away with it more frequently, and also becomes able to pick a greater variety of items from the unsuspecting npc's pockets. *I know, this already seems like a lot of skill trees, but there are still all the magic skill trees.* LOL ILLusion: The player learns to be able to alter how an npc is thinking. For example, in the middle of battle, the player can learn to cast spells that calms enemies down temporarily, stopping combat and enabling the player to run away before the enemies go back to normal. The opposite can also be done, as in the player can use illusion magic to make their enemies angry at EVERYBODY. For example, if the player casted a spell of that kind on a bandit, that bandit will start attacking their fellow bandits, thus leaving the player with less enemies to fight. Restoration: The player learns to be able to heal or support themselves better via magic. There is really not anything else to say about this skill tree. I would go on about destruction, alteration, and conjuration, but I literally ran out of characters LOL so just believe me, and buy the god damn game! :D Perfect 10/10.
game-hours: 87.9
review: 1000/10
game-hours: 56.4
review: Best RPG game ever! This is one of the best games! I love this game so much!
game-hours: 24.4
review: i love it
game-hours: 133.7
review: I put a bag on someone's head and stole everything.
game-hours: 53.8
review: <3
game-hours: 24.7
review: its Like Skyrim with Guns!
game-hours: 118.2
review: the best game i have ever spent money on, and its seemingly never ending!!!!
game-hours: 49.2
review: Why are you reading this ? Buy the game!
game-hours: 170.3
review: After reaching 100% on PS3, I couldn't help but re-replay this game on PC. Even more beautiful and immersive. Will always be one of my favourites. <3
game-hours: 79.8
review: who needs sleep anyway
game-hours: 203.7
review: It's like Fallout with swords.
game-hours: 27.1
review: Just bought and enjoy this Game ing awsome
game-hours: 362.5
review: RPG    , ,      The Elder Scrolls,        .   ,    ,    ,    .     ,        ,   Bethesda Softworks           RPG      .  ; ,   . 10/10.
game-hours: 359.5
review: Dragons, dragons everywhere
game-hours: 1931.7
review: Best RPG ever !!!!!!!!!!! <3
game-hours: 1697.7
review: I feel that once modified to your personal taste, this game comes pretty close to what one could consider the "ultimate" game. It has a little bit of everything to keep it interesting and has a lot of replay value. It could use more dialogue choices for an honorable character, but it does it's job adequately. The only thing I really wish it had is a co-op option to play with a friend or two. Hell no, not an MMORPG. It has great main/side quests, decent unlimited quests, excellent enviroments, and fun exploration. Combat is decent enough, and the ability to play at your own pace is also nice. The experience when it all comes together is great. If the base game and DLC aren't enough for you, you can modify it with mods to do pretty much anything you could think of. I highly recommend modding it. Also the game isn't very difficult by default, but mods and difficulty sliders can help with this. I should leave a warning though. Playing this is like falling unconscious, and waking up wondering where the time went. Time flies playing it.
game-hours: 1221.7
review: This is simply a must-have RPG that shouldn't be missed. Today it still stands as one of the best RPG's known to gaming, and it deserves it.
game-hours: 31.9
review: IT'S LIKE SKYRIM WITH G ....oh right, gg
game-hours: 55.4
review: 10/10
game-hours: 10.4
review: A legendary game
game-hours: 80.8
review: Come on, its skyrim. Of course its good.
game-hours: 0.9
review: Why are you reading reviews about Skyrim? Just get the game already. 10/10
game-hours: 253.3
review: Amazing game. I have 250+ hours in it and I still haven't gotten bored.
game-hours: 1.6
review: EVERYTHING IS AWESOME!!!!!!!!!! EVERYTHING IS COOL WHEN YOUR SOLO AND NOT IN A TEAM
game-hours: 109.1
review: Skyrim is the best game ever!
game-hours: 47.6
review: Walked into Whiterun shanked a kid then ran away 10/10
game-hours: 19.7
review: Grymt lir att ha en lng vinter!
game-hours: 642.7
review: Best game ever!!!
game-hours: 34.8
review: You are wasting oxygen if you havent clicked "Purchase" yet....
game-hours: 186.7
review: Skyrim is probably one of the most amazing, and wonderful games ever to be created. There are very little things to fault about it. The graphics are top-notch amazing, the gameplay, skill levelling, levelling and all that other fun stuff is so fantastic. You can be a race of so many things and each of them have a better ability or skill than a different race. You can choose to be a: Thief Mage Warrior (Vampire if you have the DLC: Dawnguard) There are clans you can join such as: Companions (mostly for warriors) Thieves Guild (for thieves) Dark Brotherhood (thieves and sneaky players) These classes and clans are fun to be involved in and complete the quest-line. You are a very special individual with dragon-like abilites, which is called in Skyrim terms; "Dragonborn". Every time you kill a dragon you get awarded a "Dragon Soul" which you spend on shouts, the shouts are very important in Skyrim because they are useful in combat. PC bonuses: For the PC you can use console/PC commands which is done by pressing the " ` " key. (check YouTube, IGN etc for console commands) Elder Scrolls Online: (ESO) This is apparently coming out in April of 2014, it will be different from the actual Skyrim single player, but it's still fun to play with friends and do other random and comedic stuff. There's so much more I could say about this game, but I will let you find out. Seriously, GET SKYRIM.
game-hours: 133.7
review: I put a bag on someone's head and stole everything.
game-hours: 53.8
review: <3
game-hours: 441.6
review: Worthy addition to the series. Oblivion was a letdown and Skyrim returns to Morrowinds unique feel and personality, though it can not fully match it. Skyrim is still a must play for Elder Scrolls fan and any player who enjoys adventure and exploration. The game becomes phenomenal with mods, you can feel and live through every moment, every battle and encounter. Best way to play skyrim is to roleplay your character, commit to its personality and view the world through its eyes. You can really fire up your imagination, break free of scripted dialogues and storyline and live through your own story and adventures. This will open up whole new way for you to play and enjoy games, no longer a mindless consumer addicted to snippets of pre-writen script pieces, you can forge your own story with every step you make. Better yet, start a journal or video series describing and documenting your adventures, get off your read only stasis and start being creative. Open world, Sandbox, Free adventuring are endless fun and possibilities. Stop being silly puppet unable to think something fun up without explicit designer instructions, would you kindly? For mods you can check this great thread.
game-hours: 152.6
review: Skyrim Najepsza GRAAAAAAAA !!!!!!
game-hours: 32.9
review: i r8 8/8 m8 its gr8
game-hours: 23.2
review: Even without mods features a beautiful world. Decent performance, although indeed its not the best pc port. Basically its Fallout with swords, dragons and magic!
game-hours: 170.3
review: After reaching 100% on PS3, I couldn't help but re-replay this game on PC. Even more beautiful and immersive. Will always be one of my favourites. <3
game-hours: 127.2
review: Much good    Many cool    Such awesome!    Wow.
game-hours: 27.3
review: Best played modded with  mod 2.0
game-hours: 2.0
review: 10000/10
game-hours: 39.5
review: so far pretty fun. i just wish it had a action bar like rift and wow does so i could get some extra use out of my razor naga mouse. kinda dumb that im a caster and have to use both hands to cast when i was watching the new lord of the rings last night and he had a sword and staff and could still cast. still a pretty fun game once you get the  weight removed from items you carry. stupidest idea ever specially for a kleptomaniac like myself. i have like 200,000 gold and i still steal everything in sight cause i just cant help myself. if its lootable its mine
game-hours: 6.5
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim - Legendary Edition is only good if you didn't buy the DLC. The extras are stolen mods. It's sad Bethesda Game Studios took a lot of modders ideas (that was already done) and added them to a game to make more money off it.
game-hours: 425.2
review: Such an awesome game. The mods are awesome. Can't stop playing it
game-hours: 16.4
review: - Installed - Loaded in - Created Character - Did all the intro quests - Talked to jarl of whiterun - Noticed that I could use console commands - Turned off my auto-save feature - Spawned 500000 cabbages - Game crashed - Loaded back in - Sees that I can't continue my game - Creates another character Cabbage/500000; would over throw whiterun with cabbages.
game-hours: 141.6
review: You can walk across the country with hundreds of cabbages in your pockets. I highly recommend this adventure.
game-hours: 59.0
review: TL;DR: Great for wasting time and chilling First off, if you want a game to quickly waste a lot of your time on, this is for you. I spent about 400+ hours on PS3 and now over 50 hours on PC and I still haven't 'finished' the game yet. The reason I put finished between quotation marks is because there is actually no real end to this game. The game contains countless main, side and miscellaneous quests to do, some of which you can keep redoing. There are hundreds of locations to visit, tons of skills to perfect and you can even reset the skills and start all over again, which is great. There is a great diversity in the palces you visit, the animals you hunt, the enemies you kill and best of all: there is so much loot you won't even know what to do with. And all that is without mods, if you visit the Steam Workshop you'll see that there is so much stuff you can put in your game that there is not a single possibility you can do everything. All in all, I would r8 this game 8/8, one of my favorite (if not THE favorite) game I will ever play.
game-hours: 146.4
review: Really good game, awesome with mods
game-hours: 53.7
review: omg dis gaem ij bezt gem ;vur.  mi is best evur. i no plye uther gem onley dis faeksome gem fer skerem omg fkgmsa iz best evur 1000/10 would modded  children again
game-hours: 121.8
review: dis game is da best thing ever
game-hours: 118.2
review: the best game i have ever spent money on, and its seemingly never ending!!!!
game-hours: 49.2
review: Why are you reading this ? Buy the game!
game-hours: 161.3
review: Like Skyrim with swords. 11/10
game-hours: 54.7
review: Skyrim is love Skyrim is life 10/10
game-hours: 12.9
review: I put a pot over the shopkeeper's head and stole all his stuff 10/10
game-hours: 78.4
review: the best game ive ever lost my life too
game-hours: 33.4
review: Steal a spoon... The entire starship enterprise trys to kill you.... Next time try a SPORK.
game-hours: 118.3
review: Enjoy hundreds upon hundreds of copy-pasted dungeons, boring enemies, uninteresting skills, basic spells, fetch quests, glitches and bugs. Take in the breath takingly small Skyrim (If this is a country then how big is the planet.) as you click on draugrs, click on bandits, click on falmers, click on spiders, click on wizards, and click on dragons. Watch as your hero cinematically kills the easiest enemies in any game ever, and when you turn up the difficulty, the game lazily only increases the enemy health and damage. Feel like you haven't gotten any stronger due to the amazing scaling enemies. But people keep telling me that this is the best game ever so I guess they're right. I give this game a 10/10.
game-hours: 275.8
review: Edited : As of 2nd March 2015. Pros - So many quest, so little time. - Mods. - Beautiful Landscape. - Average and quite fun DLC. - Dragons. Cons - Yes I've been to the cloud district. - Mum Lydia went missing again. - The Giant Space Program Foundation. - Bland Story. - Bland Quest. ( Exception to some of the Faction or Daedric Quest ) The Overall long as f*** my opinion : Skyrim is bland, the story that is. It's like the generic "YOU GOT DA POWAZ, NOW KILL DIZ DRAGON AND LOOK LIEK A BADASS". And it does well to make you look like a f****** badass. The World is very, very large. And most of the time you'll be finding yourself doing some dungeon looting or killing some bandits that's holed up in a cave. There are some places that are very beautiful within the game. The combat in the vanilla game is well kinda clunky for me but it get the jobs done. Now onto the serious stuff. Mods. It's been 3 years and 4 month since it's release and it's still one of the top played game on Steam. The mods that are ranging from basic UI mod to complicated roleplay RPG-esque mod such as Requiem. Immersion mod like Real Needs and Disease including Frostfall which make the game harder than it already is. Also graphical enhancement such as ENB and SweetFX. ENB = Taxing on CPU + GPU. | SweetFX = Not much impact on the game framerates. This game has like infinite replayability. Like I don't even remember how much time I delete all the save files and play it over, and over and over again. It's just that addictive and good. And please for the love of god if it goes on sale get the Skyrim : Legendary Edition that includes all the DLC. I guess that's pretty much it. Oh wait the soundtrack, it's great. Sometimes you just felt like you really are there taking a stroll on the way to Riften before a Bear came rushing to you and give you Ataxia and in the process a bandit group showed up aswell along with an Elder Dragon. Extra info about the mod. Most of them can be found on Nexus, and or G.E.M.S which provide the highlights of what kind of mods that's loved and used by the community. Check those sites out. Remember this is a Fantasy game. You can make it the super duper sexy skimpy  mode or you can make the Oh god this axe is gonna chop my head in two mode. Endless possibilities, so many contents by the community for you to try. I'd give this game a 8.79 out of 10. Why 8.79? Because there's some bugs and glitches that make me go F*CK THIS,F*CK THAT,F*CK EVERYTHING. But overall that's just my opinions and I hope it found you helpful.
game-hours: 186.7
review: Skyrim is probably one of the most amazing, and wonderful games ever to be created. There are very little things to fault about it. The graphics are top-notch amazing, the gameplay, skill levelling, levelling and all that other fun stuff is so fantastic. You can be a race of so many things and each of them have a better ability or skill than a different race. You can choose to be a: Thief Mage Warrior (Vampire if you have the DLC: Dawnguard) There are clans you can join such as: Companions (mostly for warriors) Thieves Guild (for thieves) Dark Brotherhood (thieves and sneaky players) These classes and clans are fun to be involved in and complete the quest-line. You are a very special individual with dragon-like abilites, which is called in Skyrim terms; "Dragonborn". Every time you kill a dragon you get awarded a "Dragon Soul" which you spend on shouts, the shouts are very important in Skyrim because they are useful in combat. PC bonuses: For the PC you can use console/PC commands which is done by pressing the " ` " key. (check YouTube, IGN etc for console commands) Elder Scrolls Online: (ESO) This is apparently coming out in April of 2014, it will be different from the actual Skyrim single player, but it's still fun to play with friends and do other random and comedic stuff. There's so much more I could say about this game, but I will let you find out. Seriously, GET SKYRIM.
game-hours: 121.2
review: Awesome game to play! if u are into magics and such :P
game-hours: 202.1
review: p good
game-hours: 178.7
review: Always wanted to be a living god? Now you can! With Skyrim you can be The Dragonborn, The Master Of The Thieves Guild, The Arch Mage Of The College Of Winterhold, The Head Assassin Of The Dark Brotherhood, The Leader Of The Companions, The Champion of a  of Deadric Princes. Everyone will do sucky sucky for free. YES you read that right, FREE I said (not even 5 dollars). Guards don't give a  though. There's no Shrek in this game either so I'll give it 9.9/10 since there are swamps, so that's a start.
game-hours: 86.2
review: Dis game is so adicting that in the past weak Ive bin grinding and forget english
game-hours: 34.5
review: An amazing game, stunning graphics, 9/10 would play.
game-hours: 174.5
review: This game is simply the best!
game-hours: 10.1
review: <<<<<<<<< Dark Souls
game-hours: 14.7
review: more than your average dragon porn simulator, needs more  though.
game-hours: 12.9
review: I put a pot over the shopkeeper's head and stole all his stuff 10/10
game-hours: 2.8
review: Nice Everything is nice I love this game Best In RPG
game-hours: 116.8
review: I love this game, it is my life.
game-hours: 17.9
review: Thomas the tank engine as a dragon 8/10 trains
game-hours: 227.7
review: Brilliant game. I am still enjoying it immensely. There is so much to this game and if you want to complete it you are going to need hundreds of hours. Would definitely recommend.
game-hours: 261.2
review: I played Skyrim 2 years late, and you know what I say? 2 years of wasted time. This game is the epitome of an RPG/Action-Adventure game. Presentation: 9.5/10 - Everything just comes together. It just works. Graphics: 10/10 - Some of the best graphics you've likely ever seen. Especially with the right mods and ENB's. Sound: 10/10 - The soundtrack is the most beautiful I have heard in a video game. It really gives you that sense of exploration, or whatever it is you may be doing. The music during dragon fights is just mind blowing. Gameplay: 9.5/10 - The combat is fantastic, there isn't much that could be done better here in my opinion. It isn't "perfect" but it comes close enough that you can forgive the very tiny things that you may, (or may not,) notice after playing for many, many hours. Lasting Appeal: 10/10 - This game will always be one that will draw me back, with it's infinite possibilites and storyline that will be different every time you play through it. Get this game, you may think you don't like it, but you do. Trust me, you do.
game-hours: 723.1
review: Without a doubt or exaggeration, ONE OF THE greatest games I have ever had the privilege of playing. After 9999+ hours of gameplay, I haven't been bored for even a moment yet. That's saying something about the kind of game this is. The world is huge, and if you take the time not to fast travel everywhere, you'll discover vast mountains, flowing rivers, open plains, and everything else that makes Skyrim feel so real. Nearly everything is done right. RPG Anxiety, as I like to call it, is eliminated by the elimination of classes entirely. You don't have to specialize your character until you actually get out into the world and get to try out every style of combat for yourself. You literally are who you play. If you fight with a bow, you'll slowly get better at it. Same goes for the different schools of magic. The amount of content in Skyrim is also ridiculous. Even if you spent a lifetime in Skyrim's magical world, I doubt you'd ever finish everything the game has to offer.
game-hours: 17.9
review: freedom
game-hours: 57.8
review: although the follower limit is 1, I somehow have 3 and I know how to get a 4th. gg also bakestabes do 30x damage and one-shot everything. would buy again 11/10
game-hours: 486.4
review: ! ,   ,    , . !
game-hours: 0.9
review: I yelled at a goat and then it died. 10/10
game-hours: 4652.9
review: This is the game the never, ever ends. I picked this game up thinking I wouldn't like it having never played a previous TES game before. Sat in my Library untouched for about a month or two, and finally took the plunge. I was wrong. I was so very, very wrong. This is probably the best purchase I've ever made on steam. Add in the unlimited potential of modding, and it's an adventure that continues forever. I've probably restarted over a hundred times by now with a new character, and still only have beaten Alduin once. ONCE. There's still so much more do to and explore that I'm still discovering quests and areas and little hidden things. I still can't believe how much there is to do and I'm still finding more. At it stands I'll probably wake up one day having lost all touch with reality and actually start seeing the world as Skyrim with how much I've played. And I'm totally ok with that.
game-hours: 3210.9
review: Ruined my life. Five stars.
game-hours: 1164.7
review: If I had to choose between this game, and my girlfriend. I'd pick this game. EDIT: I'm single now ON A MORE SERIOUS NOTE: This game is the best in its genre. In previous Bethesda games they made a sad balance in between Questing, and Exploration. Some having more quests and less places to go, and others having very few quests and more places to explore. But in Skyrim, there is no shortage of quests, and if you are like myself and just wander around aimlessly, you will stumble into places that just blow your mind. Every time I have replayed this game, I stumbled into something new. For more info i'd very much recommend mods, with mods such as texture packs, difficulty, quests, armor, and weapons, this games replay value is endless. Go through the game once with plain skyrim, then mod the hell out of it. Overall I'd rate this game an EASY 10/10. If you haven't already. Please buy it, give it a little, and I swear you will be hooked.
game-hours: 150.9
review: >murdered Nazeem in the middle of town >carried him up to the Cloud District >threw his corpse down into some nearby water >retrieved his corpse >carried him back to the middle of town >guards see me, don't care >left Nazeem's corpse bent over a well >guard hard staring me whole time >decide to leave market place >accidentally hit "E" while looking at tomato >get sent to jail for stealing tomato 10/10
game-hours: 247.4
review: An epic game made all the more epic by the fact that it is so easy to mod and so well supported by the modding community. The Elder Scrolls series has a large following and often you will hear people argue over each new TES game comparing it to the last, but for me each TES game stands on its own merits, and Skyrim is no exception. The story is pretty good and there are plenty of side quests, but what makes Skyrim so great even when not modded is its large and open nature. This is a land you can just pick a direction and with no quest in mind and just explore. You will find danger and excitement on your journey ... and loot. Lots and lots of loot. But once you start modding this game, that is when you unlock the true value that is Skyrim. Potentially thousands more hours content (for free) in a game that can be improved ten thousand different ways from graphics, textures and sounds all the way to game mechanics and user interface changes. You can make the game exactly what you need it to be, and play it for so long you may still be playing when the next game in this series comes out.... and sometimes longer than even that. If you are interested in modding the PC version of the game, be sure to check out my guide for beginners:
game-hours: 148.5
review: A game where trying to interact with giants holding clubs turns into the funding of NASA's space program.
game-hours: 12816.1
review: Play it, mod it, play it again, mod it some more... It's a dangerous cycle: your pets will die of neglect and your friends will leave you. You won't care, you'll just install more mods.
game-hours: 92.4
review: I was stacking books on a shelf in my house in Whiterun, one of Skyrim's major cities, when I noticed a weapon rack right beside it. I set a sacrificial dagger in one slot, an Orcish mace in the other. They were on display for nobody but me and my computer-controlled housecarl, Lydia, who sat at a table patiently waiting for me to ask her to go questing. The chest upstairs was reserved for excess weapons and armor, the bedside table for smithing ingots and ores, the one next to the Alchemy table for ingredients. I'd meticulously organized my owned virtual property not because I had to, but because tending to the minutia of domestic life is a comforting break from dealing with screaming frost trolls, dragons, a civil war, and job assignments that never seem to go as planned. It's even a sensible thing to do; a seemingly natural component of every day existence in Skyrim, one of the most fully-realized, easily enjoyable, and utterly engrossing role-playing games ever made. Part of what makes it so enjoyable has to do with how legacy Elder Scrolls clutter has been condensed and in some cases eliminated. In Skyrim, there's no more moon-hopping between hilltops with a maxed out Acrobatics skill. That's gone, so is Athletics. The Elder Scrolls V pares down the amount of skills and cuts out attributes like Endurance and Intelligence altogether. There's no time wasted on the character creation screen agonizing over which skills to assign as major. You don't assign major and minor skills at all, but instead pick one of ten races, each with a specific bonus. High Elves can once a day regenerate magicka quickly, Orcs can enter a berserk rage for more effective close-range combat. These abilities are best paired with certain character builds  the High Elf regeneration is useful for a magic user  but don't represent a rigid class choice. Major decisions don't need to be made until you're already out in the world and can try out magic, sneaking and weapon combat, emphasizing first-hand experience over instruction manual study, letting you specialize only when you're ready. It contributes to the thrilling sense of freedom associated with life in Skyrim. Do a quest, kill a dragon, snatch torchbugs from the air, munch on butterfly wings or simply wander while listening to one of the best game soundtracks in recent memory. Despite the enormity of the world and the colossal amount of content contained within, little feels random and useless. Even chewing on a butterfly wing has purpose, as it reveals one of several alchemical parameters later useful in potion making at an alchemy table. Mined ore and scraps of metal from Dwemer ruins can be smelted into ingots and fashioned into armor sets, pelts lifted from slain wildlife can be turned into leather armor sets, and random books plucked from ancient ruins can trigger hidden quest lines that lead to valuable rewards. Skyrim's land mass is absolutely stuffed with content and curiosities, making every step you take, even if it's through what seems like total wilderness, an exciting one, as something unexpected often lies just over the next ridge. Many times the unexpected takes the form of a dragon. Sometimes they're purposefully placed to guard relics, sometimes they swoop over cities and attack at seemingly random times. In the middle of a fight against a camp of bandits a dragon might strike, screaming through the sky and searing foe and friendly alike with frost or flame. Momentarily all on the battlefield unite, directing arrows and magic blasts upward to knock down the creature, creating impromptu moments of camaraderie -- a surprising change from what may have been yet another by-the-numbers bandit camp sweep. Dragons show up often, their presence announced by an ominous flap of broad wings or an otherworldly scream from high above. The scale and startling detail built into each creature's appearance and animations as it circles, stops to attack, circles again and slams to the ground makes encounters thrilling, though their predictable attack patterns lessen the excitement after a few battles. In the long run they're far less irritating than the Oblivion gate equivalent from The Elder Scrolls IV, can be completed in a few minutes, and always offer a useful reward. Killing a dragon yields a soul, which powers Skyrim's new Shout system. These are magical abilities any character can use, you don't have to specialize in spell casting to slow time, throw your voice, change the weather, call in allies, blast out ice and fire, or knock back enemies with a rolling wave of pure force. Even if you favor sword, shield and heavy armor and ignore magic entirely, you'll still be able to take full advantage of these abilities provided you find the proper words  each Shout has three  hidden on Skyrim's high snowy peaks and in the depths of forgotten dungeons, serving as another reason to continue exploring long after you've exhausted the main quest story, joined with the Thieves Guild, fought alongside the Dark Brotherhood, or thrown your support behind one of the factions vying for control of Skyrim. Not only is this land under assault by dragons, long thought to be dead, it's also ripped in two by civil war. You can choose one side or the other, but so much of the allure of Skyrim is how, even outside of the confines of quest lines, the embattled state of the world is evident, and steeped in a rich fictional legacy. Lord of the Rings this is not, but with the release of every Elder Scrolls game, the fiction becomes denser, and the cross-referencing for long-time fans all the more rewarding. Skyrim's residents are all aware of current events. They'll comment on the civil war, some sympathizing with the rebels, others thinking the establishment sold its soul. The peasants complain about the Jarls who control each settlement, the Jarls complain about the rebels or foreign policy, the overprotective College librarian complains when I drop dragon scales all over his floor; many characters feel like whole, distinct personalities instead of vacuous nothings that hand out quests like a downtown greeter hands out flyers for discount jeans. Characters stereotype based on race, they double-cross at even the slightest hint it might be profitable, and they react to your evolving stature within the world. It makes a ridiculous realm, filled with computer-controlled cat people and humanoid reptiles, demon gods and dragons, feel authentic, like a world that existed long before you showed up and will continue to exist long after you leave.
game-hours: 68.4
review: Killed an old woman. Stole a plate. Got arrested. (Because of the plate). Fought a dragon. Stole a crown. Got drunk. Became a werewolf. Killed bees with fire. Followed a talking dog. Visited the old dwarven cities. Killed robots. Became an assassin. Killed the emperor. Got beaten to death by a whole town for stealing a cabbage. Became a respected general. Fought bandits. Poisoned mead. Stole cabbage again. 10/10 would Skyrim again.
game-hours: 477.1
review: At first you are like this games fun, then you are like woah there are mods and then you don't stop the mods and then the next thing you know you are playing as a giant with a strap-on fighting thomas the tank engine
game-hours: 114.9
review: Awesome game!
game-hours: 142.4
review: FUS RO DAH ,WORM EATER IS COMING,Alduin
game-hours: 232.9
review: Skyrim is fun game... I put in a lot of hours, I did
game-hours: 92.0
review: , I had a great time. But listen, we need to talk. There's an alarming amount of bad and bittersweet in this game. The world is larger and more realized than in previous games, and obviously the graphics are a lot more detailed, but the stat game is a watered down wreck where making and leveling a character lacks depth and decision and all of that great stuff we saw in Oblivion and Morrowind. Even the questlines are simplified, with less choices in dialog, and with boring and samesy objectives compared to previous games where the different guilds really stood apart both in gameplay and flavor. If this iteration is setting a trend for a possible VI, Skyrim could be the last TES game I play.
game-hours: 519.2
review: I had been hyped for this game, ever since it had been announced. I had enjoyed playing through Oblivion on PS3, and Morrowind on my old PC, the Elder Scrolls series had earned itself a special place in my heart, as one of my favourite western rpg series. After picking the game up, shortly after its release, on PC, I eagerly put the game disc in, intent on playing what would inevitably me a masterpiece. It didn't work. But many days later, I input the registry code into Steam, to play it. I had waited forever for this game, and when I at first entered the world, one thing would be forever clear. It ing suck
game-hours: 275.8
review: It's great! Goodbye.
game-hours: 33.6
review: Edited : As of 2nd March 2015. Pros - So many quest, so little time. - Mods. - Beautiful Landscape. - Average and quite fun DLC. - Dragons. Cons - Yes I've been to the cloud district. - Mum Lydia went missing again. - The Giant Space Program Foundation. - Bland Story. - Bland Quest. ( Exception to some of the Faction or Daedric Quest ) The Overall long as f*** my opinion : Skyrim is bland, the story that is. It's like the generic "YOU GOT DA POWAZ, NOW KILL DIZ DRAGON AND LOOK LIEK A BADASS". And it does well to make you look like a f****** badass. The World is very, very large. And most of the time you'll be finding yourself doing some dungeon looting or killing some bandits that's holed up in a cave. There are some places that are very beautiful within the game. The combat in the vanilla game is well kinda clunky for me but it get the jobs done. Now onto the serious stuff. Mods. It's been 3 years and 4 month since it's release and it's still one of the top played game on Steam. The mods that are ranging from basic UI mod to complicated roleplay RPG-esque mod such as Requiem. Immersion mod like Real Needs and Disease including Frostfall which make the game harder than it already is. Also graphical enhancement such as ENB and SweetFX. ENB = Taxing on CPU + GPU. | SweetFX = Not much impact on the game framerates. This game has like infinite replayability. Like I don't even remember how much time I delete all the save files and play it over, and over and over again. It's just that addictive and good. And please for the love of god if it goes on sale get the Skyrim : Legendary Edition that includes all the DLC. I guess that's pretty much it. Oh wait the soundtrack, it's great. Sometimes you just felt like you really are there taking a stroll on the way to Riften before a Bear came rushing to you and give you Ataxia and in the process a bandit group showed up aswell along with an Elder Dragon. Extra info about the mod. Most of them can be found on Nexus, and or G.E.M.S which provide the highlights of what kind of mods that's loved and used by the community. Check those sites out. Remember this is a Fantasy game. You can make it the super duper sexy skimpy  mode or you can make the Oh god this axe is gonna chop my head in two mode. Endless possibilities, so many contents by the community for you to try. I'd give this game a 8.79 out of 10. Why 8.79? Because there's some bugs and glitches that make me go F*CK THIS,F*CK THAT,F*CK EVERYTHING. But overall that's just my opinions and I hope it found you helpful.
game-hours: 6.5
review: Welcome to Skyrim, where you spend more time moding the game than actualy playing it :)
game-hours: 79.9
review: best game evor
game-hours: 128.2
review: You need a recommendation? Are you kidding me?! Buy. This. Game. RPG fan or not. This is something all gamers need to play.
game-hours: 385.4
review: Best game ever! ^,^
game-hours: 259.7
review: GOTY 2011!!! This game is huge i already play it like 200 hours and didnt finish it just so MANY side quest! If you have skyrim use mod's like the nude mod. ;)
game-hours: 174.0
review: Bethesda's rpg's really are their own thing. You create your own story in a virtual world as open as digital virtual world's get circa 2012. Hard not to like. SKYUI and Favourites Categoriser mods essential.(Otherwise you will spend most of the game "scrolling" through the terrible user interface) Bethesda, just improve the writing , character interaction and variation of voice actors.
game-hours: 99.1
review: How to enjoy this game spawn 1000 Cabages Done
game-hours: 400.4
review: Walked into Riverwood for the first time saw a chicken battered it to death then the whole of Riverwood was chasing me. 10/10 would batter a chicken to death again.
game-hours: 71.4
review: Spent around 50hours on this game in a week, and i'm far from finishing it. Worth the 30$.
game-hours: 120.6
review: ,     .
game-hours: 73.8
review: *Gets shot in face with arrow* "What's that? Must have just been my imagination." 10/10
game-hours: 0.2
review: Most Beautiful RPG Game, if you didn't play it then you are a noob :D
game-hours: 42.5
review: In Skyrim, you take the role of the legendary Dragonborn. The dragons have awoken in Skyrim, and all of the dragons from the days of old are being resurrected by the father of all dragons, Alduin. The only way a dragon can die for good is for the Dragonborn to absorb its soul soon after it dies. However, in Skyrim, there are unlimited dragons. You can kill a dragon that's attacking a village, absorb its soul, and then his identical twin brother will attack a different village a few days later. No matter how many dragons you kill, more will just keep spawning. You can even kill Alduin, the one resurrecting the dragons, and they'll keep on spawning. That is how little impact you have on the game world. Yes, you can join the Dark Brotherhood and assassinate a bunch of people, and then you can join the Thieves guild that has a very strict rule about not killing people, and no one will care. Yes, you can become a mage at the College of Winterhold, and then join The Companions, even though they despise mages. You can even use magic to kill people while you're working for them, and they won't care. Yes, you can run into a group of twenty bandits, get down to a sliver of health, pause the game, eat twenty cheese wheels, and be right as rain. Yes, you can slaughter entire villages of innocent people, pay the fine to the guard and get off scott free. I recommend this game to everyone that enjoys mindless exploration, doesn't mind not having meaningful choices, or to people that enjoy spending hours upon hours reading books. You spend a lot of time reading books in this game.
game-hours: 10.3
review: ...
game-hours: 416.2
review: This game made me contemplate suicide more than once, and I still feel like a virgin when pickpocketing citizens and hookers in my underwear. -19/45; illuminati
game-hours: 88.1
review: Just like Skyrim but with guns
game-hours: 9.5
review: YESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYES
game-hours: 89.4
review: A hearty challenge even on Novice.
game-hours: 681.0
review: I Highly recommend this game, you can have hours and hours of fun with it nd not get bored! It's a must play!
game-hours: 4.2
review: The Xbox One's graphics really do this game justice. The graphics are really good. I would highly recommend it.
game-hours: 55.1
review: One of my favourite games!
game-hours: 33.9
review: Still better gameplay than call of duty 10/10
game-hours: 31.5
review: Wait, I know you.
game-hours: 4.5
review: I bought this game on Xbox 360 once for $20, then I got the Legendary Edition for $45 and after that I got it for steam for $5. If me me spending $70 dollars for one game doesn't convince you, I don't know what will.
game-hours: 40.2
review: Very fun
game-hours: 252.8
review: Skyrim is a big and a good rpg/sandbox game, nice graphic and MANY stuff to do ( i dont get it why people urgently needs mods ) the quests are different from each other, some are funny too, the dungeons are interesting (but sometimes they look like the same) Now the bad side, imean a game likey skyrim have bugs and its ok, but i ALWAYS get any bosses or enemys who "onehit" me, i get a stronger armor and they still just "onehit" me, the dragons are easy at the start A CHILD can defeat one, after time i get strong weapons and armor and hey what a surprise now the dragons, ALWAYS, KILL ME, WITH ONE HIT. Theres a scream called "Dragonfall" to bring the dragons to landing, sounds good... if it would work, i use the scream and the dragons always still flying for minutes and landing JUST for SECONDS, or they ignor the scream complete. Or it happens that a trader get killed and you cant buy no more stuff in this town from him/her. Or the COMPASS says the target is in this one direction, the map says i run complete wrong. Or the shops are open always at different time in the towns. (open at 8AM i cant buy anything, so i must wait, at 8PM i still cant buy anything and between this times, i still cant buy) I dont want to make the game bad i just share my experience, maybe (for sure) other players are better in rpgs or skyrim itselfs and they doenst have the problem with the overpowered enemys. If i oversee the bugs and the overpowered enemys, it IS a good game, when i get not killed 50times from an dragon, it have it moments.
game-hours: 443.4
review: What in the name of Talos did you just say to me, you milk drinker? I'll have you know I am the Dragonborn, and I've been on numerous raids on dragons and I have over 300 dragon souls. I am trained in the Thu'um and I'm the top archer in the entire Imperial Legion. You are nothing to me but just another enemy. I will kill you with arrows the likes of which has never been seen before on Nirn, mark my words. You think you can just say that to me over the webs created by the Dwemer? Think again, milk drinker. As we speak I am contacting my Dark Brotherhood assassins across Tamriel and your hold is being traced right now so you better prepare for the Call Storm shout, milk drinker. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call Mundus. You are going to be sent to Aetherius, milk drinker. I can be at any hold, any time, and can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that's just with my Thu'um. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the Imperial Legion and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable  off the face of Mundus, you milk drinker. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little "clever" opinionated statement was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your tongue. But you couldn't, you didn't, and now you're paying the price, you fool. I will shout fury all over you and you will drown in it. You're dead, milk drinker.
game-hours: 737.6
review: Praise The Dovahkiin!
game-hours: 88.8
review: yeah mang
game-hours: 6.2
review: love this skyrim all i just do is fight die fight an die some more its a fun game im really happy to play it an i love this Trailer so much <3 Ps hav fun with the game just dont go near to a ganit ok love =D
game-hours: 79.9
review: If it isn't crashing, you ain't got enough mods.
game-hours: 45.0
review: Farcry 3 without guns
game-hours: 6.9
review: It's like Skyrim but- Oh
game-hours: 151.9
review: Got to lvl 70. Forgot to save after adding too many mods. Game crashed. Had to start new game. 10/Dragons will play again
game-hours: 5.6
review: 01110100 01100101 01101110 00100000 01101111 01110101 01110100 00100000 01101111 01100110 00100000 01110100 01100101 01101110
game-hours: 176.9
review: BEST. GAME. EVER. 666/666. RPG CLASSIC. DRAGONBORN 4LYFE. Thanks to this game, i became friends with werewolves, wizards, vampire and vampire hunters and freakin dragons that talk, im now the hottest person in skyrim and i feel super important. Thx mom for having me so i could play dis game. BEST GAME I EVER PLAYED for sure.
game-hours: 259.3
review: You can use mods to get giant boobs and its also a generic follow the arrow RPG. Great for when you're bored and don't need a functioning brain or have none like me. It has some flaws but the boob mods solve most of them. Might be a bit disturbing if you are a dragon.
game-hours: 51.0
review: Kicked a dragon in the balls and died from it
game-hours: 169.0
review: dragonbjorn. oblivion is better.
game-hours: 490.9
review: Eh. Took my mind off porn for a while I guess.
game-hours: 19.2
review: awesome game hour's of fun and enjoyment.. This is one that i should have bought alot earlier. Easy to figure out and the graphics wow the Graphics speak for it's self..
game-hours: 59.1
review: Needs a mod where you can turn all the High Elves into Nazis and then just kill them one by one I mean they are all basically mini Hitlers why the  are they a race
game-hours: 35.6
review: Not even close to role-play games of olden times, but with enough mods, Skyrim can be whatever you want it to be. That's where it's value lies. And you can yell at clouds, like Abe Simpson. That has to be worth something!
game-hours: 67.6
review: A breath-taking experience but slightly dumbed down a litle from it's predecessor; Oblivion, mainly for casual gamers.
game-hours: 19.3
review: Good
game-hours: 100.5
review: Absolutely brilliant without mods. Modded? Quite possibly the most immersive, detailed, and fun single player experiences in the last decade. If you don't have this game what are you waiting for?
game-hours: 289.4
review: The best game :)
game-hours: 188.5
review: Best Game Ever!! Graphpics Are Great, And Lots Of Quest To Do.
game-hours: 733.9
review: One of the best game we've played
game-hours: 3.3
review: Great Game overall. Great mechanics. Tbh Just doing this to get an achievement. Love the game!
game-hours: 131.0
review: This game is the . And right now it's $7.50. Dayum!
game-hours: 124.0
review: i shout at da tings. i cut the stuff. sneaky sneaky here. shoot fire out mah hands over there. summon da tings. overall many fun.
game-hours: 195.5
review: I took my pants of and punched a dude in the face. Pig/420
game-hours: 215.1
review: Despite having a ton of individual features that are nothing special when looked at closely, Skyrim as an entire game is incredibly engaging, and inexplicably awesome. Worth playing for anyone without arrow-related knee injuries.
game-hours: 465.4
review: The scenery is breathtaking as well as the ability to go wherever you want the quests are optional with lots to do. You could go in to bloody battle, or pretend to be a normal person in one of the cities or towns. Overall, it is one of the best fantasy games I have ever seen!
game-hours: 22.0
review: This game is pure fun. The quests are indepth so you won't run of things to do or unlock anytime soon. Also there is full player customization so who wouldn't want to be a fu**ing mage or a killer dressed like a crazy jester. You can kill anyone you want who isn't essiential to the story line for example you can kill a city guard but not the jarl of whiterun. Also you can retire from adventure by buying a house and marrying someone or you can go out and make a name for your self in a good or bad way. 10/10
game-hours: 60.2
review: Sir Frankenberry, Esquire visits the city of Solitude for the first time. It's a business trip, but there's much to see in this relative metropolis. The matter of business is attending a wedding reception, but that will go on all night. Let her live a bit longer. Sir Frankenberry, Esquire has time to be distracted. He comes across a clothing store, something else the warrior has never encountered. Non-protective outer chest coverings? How unusual. How... impractical. The shop's owner, Taarie, is as intrigued by the sight of an orcish customer as Sir Frankenberry, Esquire is by the mere existence of the shop. The owner's curiosity bubbles over. She energetically requests that Sir Frankenberry, Esquire model one of her signature garments for Solitude's mayor. The unspoken but understood reason being that if her clothes can make this monster look appealing... Sir Frankenberry, Esquire sees several steps beyond this thinly veiled insult and into the payoff. He would be honored. Taarie passes a formal hip-length tunic to Sir Frankenberry, Esquire and wishes him a good evening. Once out of sight of the shop, Sir Frankenberry, Esquire forces the shirt on over the top of his full plate armor. It stretches, but in credit to its craftsmanship, does not burst. Refusing to smile, Sir Frankenberry, Esquire heads off towards the reception. Solitude's mayor has already arrived, of course. She has predictably positioned herself adjacent to the bride, where the evening's attention will be perpetually centered. A fully armed and armored 7 foot high orc approaches. His face is hidden by an enclosed helmet. The warhammer strapped to his back runs nearly the full length of his massive frame. A strained and battered wrap of cotton fabric clings about his chest. The mayor maintains composure. "DO YOU LIKE MY SHIRT?" "I'm sorry. Hello... your shirt?" "YES. DO YOU LIKE IT?" "Oh. My. It's positively astounding. I do." "TAARIE MADE IT FOR ME. SHE OWNS A CLOTHING STORE IN TOWN." "Taarie did? That's... great. I should visit her later on..." "SHE MADE IT FOR ME TO WEAR FOR YOU TONIGHT." The mayor was on the brink of betraying an emotion of discomfort. But before an eyebrow could be raised, Sir Frankenberry, Esquire's warhammer was lifted overhead, then brought down through the body of the nearby bride. The weapon's weight was more than that of the target. The swiftness of the action combined with the unrecognizable result meant that several seconds passed before anyone knew exactly what had occurred. Anyone except the orc, of course, who was already sprinting towards the city gates. "TAARIE MADE IT FOR ME! SHE MADE IT FOR ME TO WEAR FOR YOU TONIGHT!" Sir Frankenberry, Esquire permitted himself a smile.
game-hours: 26.4
review: Buy it.
game-hours: 173.6
review: Best ing RPG game that I have had the honor to play. Easy to mod, fun to get into, vivid graphics, the list goes on. If you want a RPG where you can kill dragons, slay vampies/werewolves, and just about do anything you've wanted to do in Lord of the Rings then this game has your name written all over it. 10/10, BAD  game.
game-hours: 97.7
review: Good Game that has potential with modz to be over 10000 hrs
game-hours: 362.9
review: Wow, can't begin to descibe how good this game is.... When I first heard about people talking about this game I automatically assumed they were nerds, but playing this doesn't make you feel like you are playing dungeons and dragons, or WoW. It feels like you are another person, choosing your own path; slaughtering innocent townspeople, becoming a hero who wants to protect all that is right, or even becoming a master vampire and living out in the marsh with a house you built (DLC required). The landscapes are stunning, the AI is, I can't say the best, but compared to games like Just Cause 2 and and ArmA 2, they are much better. I spent 250 hours playing vanilla, and still have not completed the Dawnguard questline as a Dawnguard member, or finished the companion questline (I hate the companions if you buy the game hopefully you will agree with me), and still am doing quests. Need cash and love killing? Join the Dark Brotherhood, a ancient organization which carries out assinations. want to be a master wizard (you get to zap people with lightning and )? Join the mage College of Winterhold. After 250 hours I got mods which made the game so much better. Buy it. Stop wasting your time trying to find out if its good, because IT IS.
game-hours: 19.2
review: Like Far Cry 3 without guns 10/10 -IGN
game-hours: 14.7
review: 10/10 GG WP
game-hours: 146.6
review: i had waited for about 4 years for this game to lower the prices and i saw he special for 20$ i was amazed.The gameplay is amazing Gamemaking at its best 100000/10 i would recommend this to all best game cant wait for the next
game-hours: 77.8
review: Fun times.
game-hours: 98.6
review: Better than sex, probably has prevented a lot of it too.
game-hours: 34.4
review: love this game, it has a big open world map and have many places to explore. It dont have multiplayer, but mod of this game is very much and interesting
game-hours: 72.5
review: Best game i've ever played in my whole entire life ever ever!! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!!!!11!!!
game-hours: 278.3
review: Where did all my time go???? Yeah, that's right. Skyrim.
game-hours: 200.3
review: 80% of my game time was trying to find the best boob:butt ratio body mod. The rest was getting my  wrecked by giants.
game-hours: 299.3
review: It's a great game if you know what your doing
game-hours: 130.4
review: Probably the best game I've played so far. Everything about this game is great. Really worth the money.
game-hours: 264.1
review: What can I say about this game... Don't know where to start. The possibilites of what you can do in this game is near endless. You can be whatever you want to be, side with whoever you want to, & even after the Main quest is over, you're still hooked with all the seemingly endless side-quests. The map is decently large, but contains so many hidden caves, caverns, towns, outposts, etc. that you never know what you might come across taking a unusual route. I've even heard of people discovering new locations after playing since 4 years! Imagine that! The vanilla game itself feels so real. Most of the choices you do might have far fetching consequences. If you're a Nord (like my 2 characters), then other races that have been opressed by Nords might comment on their initial distaste of you, based on your race. Some might not even speak to you! You can do so many things. Buy your own house, & you can buy improvements for the inside, make alliances with people & groups & you may get gifts from them containing weapons, armor, etc., some may then allow you to do other things, they may offer you jobs, or (in case of Thieves guild) fence stolen items for you. The whole game feels like a alternate life that you are living, that lives on whether you're there or not. The mods for the game are excellent. And I highly recommend you check them out (Not Steam Workshop, but Google: Skyrim Nexus). Even if you don't like mods, you'll still find something that you will like a lot. From unofficial patches; to lore-friendly items, followers, buildings; to various gameplay enhancements that make you hungry/thirsty, make thunderstorms & blizzards have consiquences (less vision, etc.); to Graphical improvements, ENBs, High-res roads, buildings, NPCs; to clothes, armor, spells, entirely new maps, new quests, enchanced combat; & a lot, lot more. Personally, I would say the mods are what got me back into the game (& made me crazy about it), out of my (current) 90hr play time, more than 70hrs has been since I started installing mods a few weeks back. I don't know what this game has done to me, I don't even feel like playing any other game anymore. Just want to play Skyrim all the time! TL;DR - Great RPG game, lots of things to do, feels just like how it would feel if it was real life. Highly recommend checking out mods (Google: Skyrim Nexus. Also check out G.E.M.S. - Gameplay Enhancement Mods for Skyrim).
game-hours: 386.5
review: This game is one of the best I have played, allowing you to explore many places in multiple environments. A good game with a good story, it will keep you enthralled for days. Overall, I give it a 9/10
game-hours: 68.7
review: Walking. You've done the activity, now play the game. 4.6 footsteps out of five.
game-hours: 144.2
review: Even though this game has been out for a while i would like to thank the community for keeping it alive. Skyrim is still making amazing things happen and with the community its going even farther. Great game just to mess with
game-hours: 22.1
review: GET THIS GAME!!! I have invested many hours in the game on the ps3, and got it on pc to check out the mods. With or without those mods, you will play this game with immense enjoyment.
game-hours: 23.3
review: Still one of the best games to ever come out. Skyrim is amazing, so buy it right now. Ok? Buy it! Now!
game-hours: 368.7
review: Great game!
game-hours: 204.5
review: I've got this game on ps3, I couldnt stop playing it... I've got it on pc, and i still can't stop playing it... But more so now we have the workshop for downloadable mods & ends to raise the possibility of more gameplay hours on skyrim. Quests, killing stuff.. Shouting at poor helpless defenseless non-hostile animals, shouting at people, shouting at enemies, my god.. And ontop of that with the ammount of spells and skill building you'd have to do just to get somewhere. This game is by far addictive, and I love it to end. I suggested it to my wife, and the same thing happened to her. Get this game, get other people to get this game, it simply asks for worldwide dominance!
game-hours: 248.2
review: For someone who played all of the Elder Scrolls series I think Skyrim is my second best game out of all of them. I just think that Morrowind was someone more magical and the atmosphere of the land was much more unique to what Skyrim has. Of course the graphics compared to Morrowind are 1000 times better but i still think that sometimes its better to have weaker graphics but better story. Overall i still think what Skyrim story tells us is a very interesting story but maybe its missing that "spark" to get me more into it. I am glad that i went into midnight release to get this and the money i spent i dont regret....just a shame that next game of the series will be MMORPG :( nevertheles this game is fantastic!
game-hours: 448.2
review: Shot a bandit with bow in stealth His friend gets alerted and rushes to his corpse Friend says he must be hearing things 10/10 would stealth again
game-hours: 4.2
review: It's like Lord of the Rings and Game of Thrones with a touch a Dungeons and Dragons, and a modest "choose-your-own-adventure" feel to it that makes this game hit just the spot in your fantasy-world dreams. Also sweetrolls.
game-hours: 422.1
review: Love this game... though I recommend playing as a stealth-based character, preferably with archery. If you think you have done everything there is to do in this game, look into mods.
game-hours: 334.2
review: Must Say, To be short, This is the dream of well rounded RPG open world awesomeness. If you have any desire to play a game till you fall asleep for weeks, this is the one. :)
game-hours: 267.8
review: Skyrim was a pleasant surprise for me after the disappointment of Oblivion. As a long time TES fan I was vehemently opposed to what I saw as the "consolification" of the series. In my eyes Oblivion was a travesty. After playing Skyrim though I have reconsidered. Why? Because, unlike Oblivion, Skyrim doesn't try to second guess its philosophy and as a result it does this "consolification" thing totally right. Is it a watered-down streamlined, or as some would say distilled, offspring of Daggerfall/Morrowind? Well yes it is. But at the same time it's a highly entertaining game with a rich world and mechanics that work. If you are an old-school cRPG-fan keep an open mind and try this. If you are more of a console-style gamer, meh you probably own this already. TL;DR Highly recommended.
game-hours: 619.1
review: One of my favourite games of all time. Have you played Elder Scrolls before? No problem. Skyrim is full of fun references to earlier games. It's a little different from Morrowind and Oblivion but still extremely good. I don't feel like I've wasted any money buying this, nor do I feel like I've wasted a single hour. The game is beautiful - I can stop in my tracks and just admire the world. There is so much to do, so many quests: main quests, faction quests, side qeusts, misc quests - you'll never be bored. You don't like being bound by quests? No problem. There's no obligation to follow any quests, it's possible to just explore and live the world. The levelling is easy and the game offers many different ways to play - rogue, warrior or mage to name a few.
game-hours: 89.0
review: A very good adventure, action packed, and free realm game! Having second thoughts about getting this? Well stop thinking about it and go right ahead and buy the dang thing! You wont regret it!
game-hours: 98.0
review: One of the best games of the century.
game-hours: 221.2
review: Skyrim is totally amazing, I can't even go back to oblivion anymore because of how much better skyrim is, yeah there was a huge time gap but I LOVED OBLIVION! It was the first ever 360 game I saw and I was blown away. Anyway Skyrim is amazing! AH!
game-hours: 11.5
review: Very nice game, almost endless amount of mods from the steam workshop. I only reached the ending once, and I was told later on there are multiple endings. Replay value is amazing, can't wait to get into this game again. :]
game-hours: 114.5
review: I have played the game on Xbox,Ps3 and now the Pc. I can almost never get bored of this game with me nearly get mods everyday to keep me playing on and on with me being level 42 now within 9 hours. If like games with a good sotryline with +100 missions too keep you playing and playing.
game-hours: 22.7
review: Great game highly recommended!
game-hours: 149.0
review: This game is so cool! It may needs some tweaks here and there but there is so much to do! I'm a 100hr in the game and i still havent done half the things there is to do in this game. The world look amazing, much to see and do. And the mods is the cherry on top and that cherry is big and red with awesome thing. The modding community is so good i think its the best modding community! I don't think this game can get old with how much great mods that are out there! 9.7/10. But there are some bad things with Skyrim here i will spot out the pros and cons. PROS: Much to do, awesome soundtrack, lots of quests! (maybe to much), intresting places and people. And an awesome modding community! CONS: Animation is clanky and bad, Quests can get really repititve with too many quest with you fetching thing for people like a dog, Bad voice acting with voice acters being reused for many people. And combat can get boring and its kinda dull all you do is swing your sword like a mad man! Thank you if you read all of this! :D
game-hours: 70.4
review: It's just a great game, and with the mods and DLC it's even better. The mods in this game is so high quality. I feel I should say more than this, but for now - just buy it and try it!
game-hours: 57.7
review: I recommend this game because it is very much like TF2 and CS:GO much good such wow 11/10 do not get use flams to brn
game-hours: 64.5
review: Its one of the best role playing games on the planet. There are endless mods, and it is going to be online soon.
game-hours: 58.5
review: Always have loved RPGs but never have the time for them but after picking this game up during the steam summer sale I was surprised at how much fun it is and enthralling it is. Basically do you want to become a clepto / hoarder thief or a mage that ends up using amazing spells or just a warrior that rushes in to flee from bears but not from dragons? The answer is yes and just the amount of backstory and lore inside of this game can keep you entertained for many playthroughs and I still have yet too finish the game but the amount of quests and just exploring Skyrim in its entirety keeps you excited what can I find in this cave oh a bunch of bandits whats this switch at the end of the cave woah I opened a Dwemer passage into some ruins. I recommend this game if anything I mentioned is what you like in a game this game is perfect for you. And as of yet I have not purchased any DLC but I am planning onto and will update this review further down the road.
game-hours: 118.6
review: This game is amazing. Simply put, this is one of the best games I have ever played. The story is phenomenal and has very good role-playing elements. Just as good as the other Elder Scrolls games. The soundtrack is my favorite among the other Elder Scrolls. This game offers around 200+ hours of game play, which is great. 9/10.
game-hours: 90.3
review: Very good game. Open world RPG love just exploring and the different quest lines for guilds. 10/10
game-hours: 65.0
review: This is definitely one of the best games i have ever played i love it everyone that has the money should buy it and give it a try see if you like it.
game-hours: 44.7
review: ING AMAZINGLY AMAZING YOU CN DO ANYTHING ANYTHIN' ITS WORTH BUYING IT
game-hours: 68.8
review: Ruined my life. 10/10
game-hours: 976.6
review: This game is simply amazing. I can't say enough good about it. If there's any console game that has truly stolen my heart and really lured me back in to playing it, it's definitely Skyrim. With beautiful graphics, a great storyline, and the fact that the entire game is a massive open world, there's not a whole lot of bad you can say about it if you like those things in a video game. The fighting system is great, and you can play however you like, at any pace you choose. Like being a brute? Play a warrior character. If you think magic is cool, Skyrim has that for you as well. Maybe you like being sneaky, and assassin-like. There are definitely sneaky characters waiting to be played by you ninjas out there. I've invested almost 1000 hours of gameplay into this and I still haven't gotten bored of it. With all the storylines in the game itself, the 3 DLC packs(I recommend buying the Legendary Edition so you get all of the DLC with the game.), and all the mods available, it's nearly impossible to do everything that can be done. This game is extremely addicting, but I wouldn't see it as crazy World of Warcraft addicting. I sometimes stop playing for a while, but I always end up coming back to play more. I love it.
game-hours: 215.5
review: This game is insane, if you want to waste away days of your life, buy Skyrim. The immense volume of content featured, like with every Elder Scrolls game is, well, immense. between my hours played on the PS3 and PC is some ridiculous amount. And the sheer amount of mods you can add to the game is great. Probably one of my favorite games on the record.
game-hours: 102.1
review: -Its  11/10 -IGN
game-hours: 184.2
review: After spending 300 hours playing Oblivion, I couldn't wait to get hold of the sequel Skyrim. It's proved to be as good if not better. The UI could be improved but you get used it quite quickly. Also the graphics are truly stunning. Roll on Elder Scrolls 6!
game-hours: 144.6
review: Love this game! :O
game-hours: 69.8
review: you get to fight, like, dragons vampires n , would recommend.
game-hours: 97.8
review: The Elder Scrolls V: At Least it's Not Oblivion Edition
game-hours: 233.1
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 135.7
review: The Elder Scolls V Skyrim is one of the most immersive games I have ever played to date. Due to the multiple things you can do in this game you will clock in adleast 40+ hours alone on one character and that is without saying a game that is worth my money.
game-hours: 24.4
review: One of the best games I've ever played
game-hours: 170.9
review: There is so much to do, im 150+ hours in and havent even scratched the surface of the game!
game-hours: 78.7
review: What I love most about this game is the pure openness. To be able to actually escape into a world where I'm not required to act on any specific quest line, I'm not requried to choose a side or be forced into a black and white, good versus evil mentality. The freedom of this game, letting me be anything from Lawful Good to Chaotic Evil, Warrior and Mage, just whatever I feel like being. That is what I find amazing.
game-hours: 139.2
review: Amazing graphics and endless fun with Steam Workshop. From making a mountain of cheese wheels to killing as many dragons as you can, you are not limited by imagination. Test and see if you breath is as bad as a dragons.
game-hours: 237.9
review: Great story, great visuals, great game! Not to mention the modding community adds months more time to play around in the lands of Skyrim.
game-hours: 405.2
review: Spent 100 hours playing it on a PS3. Just completed the main storyline on PC spending 75 hours, and ready to spend another 750 hours. Once you start playing it, there is no turning back. 11.3/10
game-hours: 25.5
review: I LOVE THIS GAME
game-hours: 62.4
review: Best Game I played in a while
game-hours: 87.5
review: this game actually chopped my balls off
game-hours: 42.5
review: Alduin isn't even attacked Helgen yet, everyone is dead. Got all magic spells and tons of magic, haven't even left Helgen. Console commands = 27/10
game-hours: 124.1
review: The dream of every RPG fan. Hundreds of hours to keep you busy and exploring and leveling up. Customizable characters that you choose how to develop. Great graphics, sounds, environment, enemies, effect... perfect. Only drawback is how steam sales the game. I own the game from before and in each sale the DLCs cost more than the package of DLCs along with the game. I should not have purchased the game so as to get a better deal... that's new!
game-hours: 37.9
review: Always good to play, for 5 min or for 5 hours skyrim delievers epicness. The Elder Scrolls series is an amazing single player RPG questing, killing and all around full of goodies. Skyrim is no exception with lots to do and explore, i must say the only thing i didnt like was the slower pace of the game. Other then that definately recommend playing Skyrim and letting your inner beast out.
game-hours: 45.1
review: Un joc plin de story si fantasy,merita toti banii!
game-hours: 477.6
review: Forgot you couldn't look at the sun IRL cause of this game now my eyes are broken 10/10
game-hours: 34.0
review: Simply amazing game!!!
game-hours: 184.6
review: This game is just fantastic. The storyline lacks a little excitement, but the amount of side quests is enough to take your mind off of it. Many mechanics of this game are pretty good and the graphics are decent. Skyrim is a great game for the role playing gamer and suits the needs of an action/adventure.
game-hours: 12.7
review: Only a few hours into the game and I can already tell that it's one of the best things I ever played. Go check it out if you can, you won't regret it.
game-hours: 190.5
review: I very recomend you buy this game. It has very good graphics,textures, and voices. And of course a TON of work. It will be worth the money. (cost is $29.9)
game-hours: 122.7
review: you can sleep in beds and have people carry all your stuff 10/10
game-hours: 107.8
review: This game is awesome but theres this bug that i want to point out when you find the vampire kings daughter and return here and you become a vampire yourself the first quest im stuck on or my game is glitchy because i looked at Youtube and nothin g worked... But i hope more skyrim comes out and this awesome game stays populare (if you can msg me on what to do with this glitch i would adimre your help)
game-hours: 40.3
review: I love this game so much this is the best game ever!!! pros great graphics awesome soundtrack amazing storyline cool ncps plentful mods cons none
game-hours: 57.2
review: Shoot a bunch of arrows at a guy and never get caught as long as you are crouching.
game-hours: 14.4
review: A very open world with great, DETAILED enemies, quests, and a very well layed out game overall with a GREAT storyline. Highly Recommended 10/10
game-hours: 464.0
review: Absolutley amazing! With all the mods and add ons that you can add to inhance the game to your style makes this awesome!
game-hours: 614.7
review: *sploosh*
game-hours: 18.6
review: The most perfect RPG out there. And it also grants great support for modders. What else could you want...
game-hours: 577.5
review: This is probably my favorite game of all-time. It centers around my favorite province of Tamriel-Skyrim, my favorite race to play-Nords, and my favorite creatures-the Dragons. I was enchanted by Morrowind on the X-Box, and had a blast playing Oblivion on the 360, so I was estatic when Skryim came out on the PC in 2011. I had just bought a brand new computer with some beefed up specs and was eager to try it out on this beautiful looking game. There is a reason why this game was so hyped, scored so many rewards, was talked about on the internet so much (I took an arrow in the knee jokes) , and sold so many units. Skyrim delivered. This game has some of the most beautiful scenery I've ever seen. Skyrim is sparsely populated, so there are miles of forrests, snowy mountains, lakes, green plains, rolling hills, rocky cliffs, swamps, dwemer ruins, draugr tombs, hidden grottos, caves filled with dangerous creatures, and the endless sea. If this place were real, I'd like to live there. Also the DLC includes the island of Solstheim which is a sweet return to the giant-mushroom and ash-filled Morrowind. Jeremy Soule returns again bringing another great orchestral soundtrack. The main theme "Dragonborn" is a more raw and primal take on the Morrowind them "Nerevar Rising". Included in the DLC on Solstheim is the overworld theme "The Road Most Travelled", which is a sweet nostalgic trip down memory lane for anyone who has played Morrowind. Gameplay is much the same as previous TES games, with a few minor changes (such as the Shout system, which I find minorly disappointing). There are hundreds of side-quests including the Mages, Thieves, Warrior Guilds, etc. and many more. There's also numerous dungeons with random loot and encounters to explore. The majority of the skill sets such as destruction magic, restoration, sneaking, heavy armor, etc. are still here and the leveling system is centered around increasing those skills by using them often, and being able to select perks from a tree each time you level. The class system has been eliminated which many TES fans have raged against, but in all actuality you don't need a class to limit you to a specific set of skills. All skills are able to be leveled to 100 with use, and the legendary system allows you to reset the skill after 100 and keep your perk points. If you like being a cloak-wearing illusion mage, then you will use those skills and level based off of that. If you like being an armored axe-wielding barbarian, then you will level up those skills. You can be a heavily armored magic-casting archer if you want. You play according to your play style. One disappointment though is that the previous spell-making system is gone. You are limited in the spells you cast by the spell tomes you find to learn spells. (though there are mods that add more spells). DLC lets you build your own houses, adopt kids, and ride dragons! ...and like the other TES games that are large in scope, there are several bugs and glitches in this game. Many are hilarious (like the giants sending you hurtling through the sky), and many are very frustrating (infamous random crash-to-desktop bug). The mod community however has been vigilant in releasing "unofficial bug fixes". Now what makes this game really great is the mod community, and the fact that Bethesda not only allows modding but encourages it. They include the Creation Kit allowing you to play around with the programmable aspects of the game. With the release of Skyrim came the Steam Workshop and launched a community of mods similar to the Nexus. This is why I have played this game over and over. I love going back and starting over playing with magicka sabers (lightsaber mod), more dragons mods, custom weapons and equipment mods, follower mods, new destination mods, town modification mods, etc. The possibilities are truly endless. No playthrough has ever been exactly the same. If you are NOT an Elder Scrolls fan, you will HATE this game. If you do NOT like open-world sandbox style RPG's, you will HATE this game. If you were captivated by Morrowind and Oblivion you will probably love this game. There is much nerd debate reminiscent of FFVI vs FFVII on which is better (FFVI is the best :p) - Morrowind or Skyrim. I personally choose Skyrim and wholeheartedly recommend this game to anyone and everyone to at least try once.
game-hours: 1149.9
review: I've been a fan since Daggerfall. They keep getting better.
game-hours: 261.5
review: Love this game :)
game-hours: 31.2
review: Friend told me to put "caqs" in commands and i got 100% achevements 10/10
game-hours: 73.7
review: It's ing Elder Scrolls. Did I really need to review it? No.
game-hours: 31.1
review: I had Skyrim for my xbox360 before i sold it. I bought it on steam, because it's one of the best games I've ever played 10/10
game-hours: 157.3
review: Ah yeah great game too bad the DLC was uninspired.
game-hours: 439.2
review: best game ever
game-hours: 128.7
review: I killed a chicken and got a bounty 11.1/10
game-hours: 210.7
review: I would recommend this game for others. It has great graphics, lots of different quest lines and it is fun to play.
game-hours: 127.7
review: A true masterpiece! If you like rpg, you love this. Must have for every true fan!
game-hours: 21.6
review: Amazing Game Great modding support i've spent about 500hours of this on console and loved everybit of it :)
game-hours: 118.0
review: realy good game
game-hours: 157.1
review: This game is awesome ! For me, I would say this game is one of the best RPG of all time. If you find some game to kill your time, This game is 'must buy' list .
game-hours: 33.4
review: Best game ever. lots of free mods
game-hours: 55.7
review: This is game with TONS of things to explore. Do what YOU want in a big world... And if that isn't enough, mod the heck out of it till you are satisfied.
game-hours: 14.3
review: 09:00am - I gonna play this game just for 10 minutes, thats it! 22:00pm - wat time is it again?
game-hours: 151.1
review: super good game
game-hours: 221.9
review: Haven't played in months. Finally picked it up again on my new comp and was very pleased to see that Steam had saved all of my Skyrim saves online. Many kudos and thanks to them and to Bethesda. True story: The first 5 minutes back from hiatus I was ruthlessly murdered by a dragon. I couldn't stop smiling so I promptly came here to write this review afterwards. What a wonderful game this is.
game-hours: 255.1
review: Its a fun game
game-hours: 239.1
review: Walking around in a vast open heroic fantasy world as a strong warrior, a battlemage or a sneaky rogue, fighting dragons and other monsters. 'nuff said. And to complete that, so many mods made by fans...
game-hours: 203.2
review: This game has alot of content in it. I've never liked RPG, but this one geez it's epic!
game-hours: 603.2
review: best game i have ever played!
game-hours: 68.5
review: By dis gaem if u liek de dragons and magic shoutingz. also i am a lizAerd and my Wifu is a lady. She does the beAstiAlity on me but I don caer she is so Kawaii I also Installed Nood mod and had sex wiv her!
game-hours: 38.1
review: such a sexy game
game-hours: 59.0
review: one of the best games ever!
game-hours: 627.1
review: What can I say? The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is one of the best (and most addictive) games I have ever played. Even years after it's release many people still play this masterpiece. The community has also added hundreds more hours worth of play time through the mods found on the steam workshop and the nexus. Definately worth your time (although be careful you don't play it too much...) I would rate it 10/10 for sure.
game-hours: 16.3
review: This game at the best of times is worth 20 of any gamers money, 75% off is just giving this EPIC title away, a must play for a PC gamer, immersive Epic GREAT DRAGON BALLS O FIRE SON, Be a thieving little B*****D or be the master of slaying random villagers with the most brutal melee weapon you can find the choice is yours in Skyrim it looks tthe part and has atmosphere, I highly recomend quitting your job and playing this for a few month solid with a good supply of weed n snacks.
game-hours: 156.9
review: This is the best game i have ever played and the graphics are amazing! Its worth buying. The story line is so interesting and itt never gets boring!
game-hours: 101.4
review: Great game, although I never quite got around to the main quest despite being nearly 100 hours in. No where near done though.
game-hours: 141.1
review: Skyrim is a pretty godd game, it came out in 2011 but you caninstall ENB Graphic mods and stuff to make it look like 2014 game. also it has a pretty good storyline. takes time to understand everything but its worth playing
game-hours: 273.6
review: I HAVEN'T RECOMMENDED SKYRIM?! WHAT IS THIS WITCHCRAFT?!?!?! Then again, I wouldn't need to. I mean, all the cool kids already have it.
game-hours: 134.7
review: All you need to know is that you will love this game.
game-hours: 202.2
review: dis  is dank yo
game-hours: 15.7
review: i saw a dragoon, kinda hot. banged it sexde it and fukged it ggnore
game-hours: 499.6
review: Ruined My Life!!!
game-hours: 163.8
review: One of the deepest RPG experiences ever and does the Elder Scrolls franchise justice, The story is creative and unique and excellent. combat isn't as deep as games like Witcher 2 however its easy combat system allows for the game to be accessible to all. The modding community & scene within the game is amazing, if you are looking for a way to change the dynamic of the game or just a aesthetic change there will most likely be a mod for it, weapons, armor, quests its all there. the Graphics are still quite good especially with the HD texture pack and combined with a ENB the game looks glorious. its a MUST BUY.
game-hours: 92.7
review: Awesome game just as standard vanilla skyrim, but even better with mods. 11/10
game-hours: 205.4
review: Does this game really even need recommendations? No. Of the sandbox RPG's I've played in my life, including MMORPG's such as Ultima Online, this is likely the best... of those in a sword-and-shield universe. I'd still rank Fallout: New Vegas as my top sandbox RPG, but I know that that's probably just me and a small number of folks. Really, Skyrim is a masterpiece of not just sandbox RPG design, but of videogames in general. Graphics, music, lore, customizations, combat, crafting, and so forth, are all top-notch. Even the stability and technical aspects are masterful, and are the one area where Skyrim beats FO:NV hands-down, even in my book. My only real gripe is that the new skill-based system is not quite ideal. While I prefer this system over Morrowwind's (Elder Scrolls III), that's only because Morrowwind had a very silly requirement that you could only raise attribute points that had had related skills raised a level prior to the over-all leveling up of the character. Skyrim isn't as convoluted as that... but it's maybe too far the other way. Now, it's just a bunch of skills that have various perks that can be chosen, with only 3 attributes: strength (which affects health), stamina, and mana. While I think the simplification is quite useful, it's a bit of an over-simplification when I think to how much more fun FO:NV is with its seven attributes (Strength, Perception, Endurance, Charisma, Intelligence, Agility, Luck). Overall, though, this is as an iconic game as Super Mario Brothers, Doom, Command & Conquer, Pac-Man, Pong, and Madden games all are, and is obviously one of my top 20 videogames ever made. Which is really saying something, because aside from Skyrim, only Everquest, Ultima Online, and Fallout: New Vegas are on the list for RPGs. I prefer strategy and shooters far above RPGs. An A+ game that will live on for some time.
game-hours: 70.2
review: the macho man came back as a dragon and saved me from getting my head chopped off 10/10 would buy for 5 dollars again
game-hours: 244.9
review: Nude female models & ENB mods 10/10
game-hours: 24.4
review: Yelling simulator 2014
game-hours: 24.2
review: raheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeba!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 19.9
review: Killed a chicken whole ing village flips  and stabs me to death; 11/10 IGN WOULD DANK AGAIN!
game-hours: 111.7
review: Just a great game to spend some good hours on definitely recommended !
game-hours: 115.8
review: Best game ever! So much you can do on this game.
game-hours: 30.9
review: The best RPG game ever. +You can experiment with workshop.
game-hours: 35.8
review: Great game by itself, even better with mods installed from the workshop. Would highly reccomend to anyone who is a fan of RPGs or looking for a good game with plenty to do.
game-hours: 38.7
review: Really good RPG but I do miss the repair features from the previous game oblivion.
game-hours: 817.2
review: Very fun and good game! It stays fun for like... forever! :D
game-hours: 169.6
review: Huge time sink, somehow keeps you addicted even though it wasn't that great
game-hours: 139.7
review: love this game <3
game-hours: 381.9
review: Durp durp durp thiz iz Awesome!
game-hours: 282.2
review: If you like Open World RPG's with a huge story and tons of Adventure, GET THIS GAME NOW.
game-hours: 275.2
review: This is the best game I have ever played :) so many things to do and so much fun!
game-hours: 127.5
review: AWESOME. The ability to free-roam and find quests randomly are good, but the dragon fights! Great music playing shooting arrows, Police Boxes, flying monkeys- oh wait, almost got into Doc Who for a minute there... :)
game-hours: 28.3
review: 90% of the props should go to the modding community instead of Bethesda. That being said, be sure you've got yourself some disc space.
game-hours: 118.7
review: Bethesda makes another masterpeice dominateing over all other games 10/10
game-hours: 212.2
review: THIS GAME IS ING AMAZING
game-hours: 110.0
review: I gave a Mud Crab a monocle and top hat. 420/10
game-hours: 60.3
review: This game keeps you occupied for ages! It's got everything I have been looking for. Plus the mods make it even better.
game-hours: 55.9
review: good game for those who like RPG, one of the best out there. for RPG lovers easily worth having in your collection
game-hours: 26.4
review: This might be the best game I've ever played in my life. Better then every FPS atleast. Fps's gets boring after a while, but this game i could play for hours on end. Though it might not say on my profile, i have atleast 300 hours. It's almost like Minecraft, you can play the original and like it. You can play however you want, but then you can add tons of mods which changes the game completely and makes it even better. Graphic mods, armor mods, quest mods, cheat mods *cough cough* and expansion mods. And of course there's a lot of good dlc's.
game-hours: 12.5
review: You can kill dragons by yelling at them.
game-hours: 48.2
review: Dragon genocide simulator 2011.
game-hours: 103.9
review: I am aware of the number of reviewes already published, but I believe I have played this game (as well as the other TES titles) enough to give my imput. I would be brief and simply point out pros and cons rather than an emotional review about the past games and melancholic memories they recall. PRO - Immersive and non-repeatable gameplay: whether you choose to be a brave warrior, a sneaky assassin or a wise mage, there is no standard option or guide to obtain the perfect character! As in the other TES titles, you can really get yourself into a variety of classes (even though there is no actual standard class) that influence the gameplay and the advance of the story (it is fun how the NPCs around Skyrim wil lrecognise you not simply as a Dragonborn, but also in various ways depending on your quests) - Lore: TES lore has always been the most fascinating thing in my opinion, and in Skyrim it will hugely affect your experience! You will find all the old lore as well as new local one. - Different difficulties for different challenges: You can be new to the genre as well as a veteran, the different difficulties make Skyrim a game perfect for every kind of player! - Great storyline: besides the Dragonborn quest line (which is already great despite some too "obvious" points), all the side quests and storylines create a fully interactive world with its problems and issues. I find the Civil War storyline the most interesting! - Great DLC: despite many other games, DLCs are definitely worth having! Dawnguard adds an involving storyline to some new great and spectacular abilities, Dragonborn, with its brand new location, offers hours of wonderful gameplay, storyline, abilities and easter eggs, Hearthfire, even if can seem quite useless offers an interesting alterantive gameplay. - Stunning graphic: being a title released in the 2011, we must admit it..even the most powerful PC still have little problems in dealing with the max graphic settings! The visual impact of the world is simply amazing, and the Workshop elements can only make your experience even better! CON - Perk system vs Old level up: I am a huge Morrowind fan, and when I firstly saw the perk I was quite disappointed. It doesn't allow the huge customize possibility as the old title did. - Repetitive dialogues: as the game progresses you will find a number of standard dialogues being repeated over and over, the arrow in the knee joke will not be fun anymoe when every guard will repeat it. - Easy enemies: as your abilities gets stronger, you will find that enemies will be easier to kill. Normally it would be a positive aspect (hey, I level up to be stronger, not weaker!), but when a Draugr is more challenging than a Dragon, than you may be quite disappointed. Overall I would DEFINITELY recommend this game and if someone still has to purchase it...do it, before Jurgen WIndcaller himself Fus Ro Dah you!
game-hours: 78.3
review: I would reccomend this to anyone who have played open world games like GTA or Minecraft.
game-hours: 130.7
review: !
game-hours: 123.1
review: It's Skyrim. Another game in the Elder Scrolls series with the previous title being Oblivion, let's just say I've played this game over 3 times and still enjoy it. In fact it's my favorite RPG series with Fallout being close behind. So I definitely recommend Skyrim to any RPG fan.
game-hours: 111.7
review: The best RPG game all the time.
game-hours: 127.4
review: best rpg ever
game-hours: 16.6
review: THIS GAME ... Well its not all that great , I greatly prefer the fallout series , however its not just that , this game is extremly buggy and is far over rated, But this is coming from someone who greatly enjoys fallout new vegas . just there are common texture issues and such , i do reccomend it because its fun but i think that a title such as fallout 3 or maybe some of the older fallouts would be better , maybe you might like oblivion more , just this game is just overrated and not all that people say it is , however mods can fix some of your problems
game-hours: 1.4
review: this gaim iz gunna win gaim of da yaer -mark siembieda 2014
game-hours: 320.9
review: I love this game enough to not quit it even when it break my characters with the various bugs occuring if you download a mod interfering with the game. ...and that says I either got a problem or the game is just too good. Joking aside, to me it's only worth playing if you switch to Master or Legendary difficulty since the game is too easy on the other levels. The difference is that on all the others you'd slay a dragon with no problem and on Legendary you'll run for your life. :D
game-hours: 126.6
review: What an amazingly fun game to play. So much to do I never get bored. Endless quests and enemies to face. I'm sorry, I l love killing dragons. That's why we can't have nice things.
game-hours: 321.8
review: This is my all time favriout game i have cloaked in hundreds of hours yet still love it.
game-hours: 206.1
review: Play this game with a bow!
game-hours: 24.2
review: One of the best RPG i ever played. 10/10 Must play with mods.
game-hours: 405.6
review: its awsome if youre into the mideavil stuff >:D
game-hours: 179.8
review: Picked a lock, entered the house, then the entire household banded together and the grandmother killed me. 11/10.
game-hours: 38.9
review: O melhor game da atual gerao.
game-hours: 22.8
review: this is a great game! im pretty pissed though that i bought it last night for 10$ and then now this morning it drops down to 5$ still a great game
game-hours: 84.7
review: If you some how don't have this game, you should change that
game-hours: 50.0
review: Best open world game that I have ever played!
game-hours: 83.7
review: best game ever
game-hours: 6.2
review: Great game.
game-hours: 368.1
review: This is the coolest game for RPG fans I must say. It's really hard to find a mistake. The graphics is beautiful the main story is very smart and original. And when I watch the progress. Daggerfall, Arena, Morrowind, Oblivion and Skyrim! I just can't wait for the next game. Because it's better and better every time and if you like RPG.... ....I can't find any better game for you than Skyrim. But when I think about it now... ... There is just one little thing that I enjoyed in Oblivion more than in Skyrim. Because the testing hall in Skyrim is really boring. And that's all. I can't see anything worse than that. And if you don't like cheats... ... well then it's a perfect game for you. I love it. Buy it. :-D
game-hours: 19.6
review: please dont make me right a review for this game. just buy and then tell me how much sex you had with Lydia of Whiterun
game-hours: 44.6
review: I found a mod that lets me become a hooker and go to hooker school to raise my hooker children in my hooker town. 10/10
game-hours: 1540.3
review: What can i say? just check the "stats" under "store" and you will see skyrim has usually been around top ten since release date of 2011/11/11.
game-hours: 107.3
review: Best game out right now, with mods, by far.
game-hours: 101.2
review: best game ever
game-hours: 237.1
review: Bethesda Game Studios did it again! ONE OF THE BEST ARPG GAMES EVER!! 10/10 AND YOU CAN MOD IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 8.8
review: You start with nothing, then you get something, the man makes u choose which man is the man you wanna side with. I went with the green man. I had sword and axe and was both hands *next gen*. Final verdict.... 10/10 I'ts okay
game-hours: 285.5
review: One of the only games (if not the only game) I can play forever without ever getting bored of it. -New things about the game I'm still discovering -Good questlines (many different factions to join) -Beautiful landscape -Farm potatoes and if any of that doesn't catch your attention or sound fun, than you can get one of the great assets that were never available to me back when I only had an X360..... Mods.
game-hours: 102.4
review: GG
game-hours: 286.8
review: The best singleplayer game I have ever played...
game-hours: 166.0
review: It big!!! You do not run out of things to do :)
game-hours: 110.0
review: I love this game! This is the perfect game for anyone who enjoys dragons, killing and questing.
game-hours: 94.9
review: This is a superb game for anyone espically if you have plenty of time on your hands, would recommend to anyone.
game-hours: 132.5
review: Masterpiece...
game-hours: 55.1
review: Skyrim in a nut shell is one of the greatest free roam , RPG style games I have ever encountered. After playing Oblivion and playing it until I dropped dead I had high hopes for this game and thankfully they were met. Skyrim gives variety of weapons, character custimization, quests, factions, and more to keep the player occupied for hours to come. The amount of change between the Elder Scrolls games keeps me hoping for more.
game-hours: 366.9
review: WARNING!!, Game is extremly addicting. Amazing, beautiful, and epic. the game is almost never ending in sidequests, DLC from the work shop, and skyrim nexus. I paid full price when it first came out on steam, and it was worth every penny.
game-hours: 872.7
review: Why do we need reviews for this game? JUST BUY IT!
game-hours: 178.7
review: open world full of adventure and wonder would remmcond 5/5
game-hours: 46.1
review: sick game
game-hours: 96.7
review: First-Person Runescape in a Club Penguin world.
game-hours: 1121.6
review: This game is amazing. It has great story, environment, exploration, and immersion. The combat is fun, though not overly crazy. Pretty much consists of two buttons if you're melee, but caster and stealth characters require a lot more thought. Extremely moddable and replayable. Levels exist but there are no classes and your character gets good at what you do (each skill has it's own level). Probably the best single player game I can think of.
game-hours: 2080.8
review: My first intro to The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim (TesVS) was August of last year. My friend John (call name: jacnutco) told me about it. Bought it and have played it almost every day since then. TesVS is the best Role Playing Game (RPG) I've ever played. The game includes several thousand quests and last count yesterday, over 21,000 mods to compliment game play. As part of the game, mods (created by fellow players) may include new & better armor and weapons outright or with a quest to find them. Mods may also contain books, equipment, artifacts, potions, enchantments, followers (companions to assist you in gameplay), & a horse, just to name a few. I can talk forever so I'll close by listing some great things about TesVS: - armor & weapons, - artifacts, - battles, - character creation, - characters of Skyrim, - character homes, - creatures and monsters, - enchanting & unenchanting process, - flying & ridable dragons, - followers of every race, animal or monster, - graphics, - hours & hours of game play, - maps, - potions & spells, - quests (4 sure), - training books, - trainers, - unenchanted gear (that can be enchanted to players specs), - visibility & invisibility, - waterwalking & waterbreating. - Xena the warrior Princess is one of the mods, - you're really gonna like this game, - Zorro, if not already included can "be" included if you want to create the mod. If you read this far, i hope you liked the review. i definitely recommend this game.
game-hours: 62.6
review: One of my all time favorite games. A great mix of first person combat and fantasy.
game-hours: 460.5
review: Great game! Worth buying. Still 2014 and I'm still playing.
game-hours: 119.8
review: Don't be fooled by my puny play time, i play offline most of the time due to my bad internet connection, the truth is i have spent well over a hundred hours playing this EPIC game, seriously just buy this game, this game is worth more than $60, there is literaly hundreds of hours worth of play time on this game, not considering multiple playthroughs, DLCs, and MODS so many freakin' mods!!! BUY THIS GAME and i guarantee your friends and family won't be seeing you for a couple of months
game-hours: 64.1
review: Game is neat.
game-hours: 26.6
review: It's pretty fun
game-hours: 308.8
review: Skyrim is a great game. you can easily get lost in the huge world that bethesda has provided. The possibilitys are endless with this game between the mods and fun console commands you will never get bored
game-hours: 380.2
review: Okay. Listen, Todd Howard. You can't make Maihk the Liar tell the truth. YOU CAN'T. How the  can you. I don't even. Everything is ruined. WHAT. WHY. I don't. WHAT. TODD, I SWEAR TO GOD YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO WALK STRAIGHT, AFTER I  YOU WITH A SHOTGUN SIDEWAYS. WHAT. NO. YOU ING . YOU CAN'T EVEN HAVE THE. I DON'T EVEN WANT TO PLAY THIS GAME AND ALREADY I'VE SPENT 300+ HOURS ON IT. NOT ONLY HAVE YOU SPENT MY SOCIAL LIFE, NOW MAIHK DOESN'T LIE. I HOPE YOU OWN A LOT OF MIRACLE GROW, BECAUSE YOUR  IS GRASS!!! Edit: Three epic, glorious expansions, three epic, glorious years. You still haven't fixed this problem. 400 hours, Todd. 400 god damn hours.
game-hours: 161.6
review: This game is amazing. So much content, I don't think it is possible to get bored of this game. The DLC I was nervous about purchasing, but it adds many fun new elements to an already amazing game.
game-hours: 338.6
review: modded the game until it broke, fixed it, somehow broke it again 11/10
game-hours: 164.0
review: Whenever I get to a great part in the game I delete my save by mistake hoping that Quicksaves are still there but they delete themselves very often. Worth buying it thought. 19/10 Best exploring game in the world,hopefully till the next one.
game-hours: 243.2
review: Riding Dragons 10/10
game-hours: 346.7
review: 1. Finish game 2. Get mods 3. Finish game again with mods 4. Get more mods 5. Finish game again with more mods 6. Rinse and repeat for infinite joy
game-hours: 307.3
review: Thanks for Skyrim! But seriously this is an elder scrolls game. Some might say its been dumbed down. I'd like to think of it as streamlined. The DLC are are a bit meh. Hearthfire adding buildable/customizable houses. Dragonborn adding a new questline and island with the possibilty to respec Perks and such at the cost of dragon souls. . Dawnguard adding a supernatural questline. But its well worth it.
game-hours: 3.0
review: Without Mods=Crap With Mods=Best  ever.
game-hours: 141.9
review: One of the best games I've ever played. This earns a spot on my top five list, hands down. Graphics are terrific, even on a terrible computer like mine. It's fun to play, and has so, so, so much content in it. Several hundred hours of gameplay are to be found here. The voice acting is spot on. Replay value is sort of meh, but I'm not sure how you would be able to replay this, considering it takes about a few months to complete enough quests to feel like you're done with it. Also, Derkeethus. My follower. My bae. My LIFE. He is the best. I think this tops Oblivion, but give Oblivion a shot, too. Both are terrific games.
game-hours: 34.5
review: i love this game buy it it costs 3,74 :D
game-hours: 1.8
review: awsome
game-hours: 160.4
review: I lured a monk into a cave and ate him
game-hours: 77.8
review: Quality game!
game-hours: 322.0
review: owsome game but can get boring after you tried evryfing good thing theres a LOT off things to do in this game and it is epic in general
game-hours: 103.7
review: Just Awesome
game-hours: 213.0
review: Very entertaining, not gonna get bored quickly and many thousands of mods for you to try.
game-hours: 78.6
review: Do I really need to tell you why you should play this game?! 10/10*
game-hours: 101.3
review: This is a good game
game-hours: 51.2
review: There are games you can finish in a couple of hours, others in 20h, others in 30h...not Skyrim. You don't just finish playing Skyrim, Skyrim finishes you! :-)
game-hours: 41.8
review: It's a great game, allow you to let your mind immerse into the open world of Skyrim. This game has many challenges, stories (The game has multiple storylines in the world), and land for you to discover!
game-hours: 783.3
review: One of the best RPGs I've played. It has a complex storyline and is similar to The Elder Scrolls III: Morrowind. It has an easy to use modding kit so players can add and remove what they want and don't want. The fact that it has 3 very well made DLCs only make it better.
game-hours: 126.4
review: Steam Sale 2014! $13.59 Legendary Edition! GET IT NOW!!!!
game-hours: 77.6
review: I have only 8 hr in this game so far. Starting nice . The Enviroment is so good done that you wishes you are living in that world. Great gameplay i miss that alot in a few other games. The music is pretty good in this game thought i not like computer games music so mutch. One thing i am getting mad about when you shoot bow. You never get tired when you hold up the bow before fire it as in reall life archer . You getting tired after 25-30 seconds in you arms. Hope they gonna fix it. Othervise i like the game so far.
game-hours: 29.8
review: Skyrim + Mods = thankyoubasedgod Long Live Skyrim~
game-hours: 103.6
review: amazing
game-hours: 82.6
review: Wanna kill dragons with a sword? Do it. Wanna steal stuff and put baskets on people's heads? Do that too. 40 hours in and I haven't even started the main quest line. This games takes "play your way" to new levels. 11/10.
game-hours: 100.6
review: Bears.
game-hours: 243.8
review: I love this game!! Woodelf for life
game-hours: 1016.3
review: What I like about Skyrim...what I like about Skyrim...if I told you everything, we'd be here for awhile. Short version all I can say is that If you have yet to buy this game, then you have wasted your money on other games! The Elder Scolls V: Skyrim is perhaps the best game I've ever laid eyes upon! The graphics, the gameplay, the characters, and the potential mods! The story plot could use some work, but reguardless, you will enjoy this game. I've made over 10+ characters playing this game alone and served 600+ hours on this game. I originally bought it for Xbox 360, AND AGAIN on the pc. If you get a little bored, you'll always find yourself coming back. There is even a huge modding community dedicated to adding more content to the game for free! Why are you still reading this, why aren't you playing Skyrim! I'm not just saying this points or anything, I specifically chose this game because everyone should have a copy, I can assure you, the money is well spent playing this game.
game-hours: 125.3
review: By far the most involving, dynamic, and immersive single player RPG to date.. If you play I highly recommend getting the 'immersive mods', either on the workshop or the Nexus to make the game even more dynamic,
game-hours: 268.5
review: i love this game so much that they need to make another one but bigger and more awesome
game-hours: 15.4
review: I like pretty, dark-haired women, breakfast food and now Skyrim.
game-hours: 564.6
review: whats not to like? you tell me
game-hours: 111.0
review: A great game its open world and well i could go on for ages because its a awesome game
game-hours: 75.5
review: This is possibly one of the greatest games I've ever played
game-hours: 349.2
review: I Recommend this game to anyone who likes rpg's, immersive gameplay, and a well crafted open world experience. I got this game when it first came out and I am still playing it today. This is mostly due to the exellent modding community that constantly realeses mods that could keep almost anyone playing this game for a very long time. In the world of skyrim you craft your own story and make your own reputation. You could be a master theif,a swordmaster, The strongest of mages, the bringer of chaos, and much much more. The ineresting main quest is only a small part of Skyrim's huge collection of things to do. If you're into lore, Skyrim is filled with loads of books and stories to find throughout you're adventure. It remains true to the previous elder scrolls games aswell. Although Skyrim has it's issues they are usually not noticable and you will most likely only find them if you look very closely. Skyrim also has a good leveling system. The more you use an item such as a one handed steel sword the more you are trained in that catagory of weapons or spells and the more skills you can gain allowing you to earn unique perks. The mods will fix the mostly outdated graphics and the easy AI. Mods are most likely what will keep you going through a number of years. Not only is Skyrim a very good game with loads and loads of interesting side quests but it is also the most replayable game I have ever played before. I probably have around five acounts each with a different goal and each with their own immersive experience. This is why Skyrim is my most played and favourite game of all time and why I strongly recommmend it.
game-hours: 471.9
review: If you dont Love this game, you need to stop playing open world games.
game-hours: 374.8
review: One of bethesdas greatest games to date stunning graphics and modding comunnity.
game-hours: 701.6
review: ***DISCLAIMER: I see a very select few negative reviews for the game, and the majority are by people who are butthurt about glitches that somehow miraculously make the game unplayable only for them, as the vast majority of us have found our way around them or they have been fixed long since, so do not let those negative reviews deter you, most are just trolling and stand out for the contrary persons they are, and would probably just as soon not recommend you wear a parachute to go skydiving. The current version of the game, expansion packs and all, contains very few bugs so far as I have encountered on both PC and Xbox360 versions. THIS REVIEW WAS MADE IN A SPOILER-FREE ENVIROMENT (but may contain peanuts)*** Now... I have this to say about this game: there is "life before The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim", then there is "life after The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim". If you have not played the Legendary Edition of The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim you simply have not, in my opinion, played one of the two best videogames ever made. This game is a MONUMENT. If you like to explore vast, fantastic landscapes, find treasure and swing swords, welcome to paradise. In response to some people complaining about it for some reason, yes, it will play like a shooter to some, and I have seen some of the trolls claim that its combat system is mindless and clunky hack and slash, that the combat lacks diversity, or that it plays like Call of Duty with a bow and arrow. I beg the question: compared to what other fps rpg?... First off, there are plenty of ways to go about combat, be it with the many magic spells at your disposal, stealthy assassinations, direct brute force, picking people off shooter-style with a bow or ranged spells, or a wide variety of entertaining "shout" skills to employ. Backstab, disgorging fatalities and lopping off heads are some of my personal favorites, as is shouting someone at the proper angle for maximum trajectory or off a lofty precipe for maximum airborne enjoyment. Yes, it plays like a shooter because it is meant to be an fps rpg... forgive me if I fail to see the downside in this. If you find it too easy using one method, you have the freedom to use an alternate approach or different gear to go about it - fact is, the game isn't meant to be an fps skill clinic, though it holds up as well action-wise as most of the fps games out there - it's meant to be an exploration and story-driven rpg aimed at those who enjoy questing in an open world environment, and the difficulty level will be more based on how you challenge yourself playing it. This should be considered a merit, as it has the flexibility of appealing to players with varying levels of fps skill. Then, beyond combat, there's the living, breathing feel of the open world offered up for you to run amock in, complete with hunting and gathering, crafting, homemaking, puzzles, dialogue, companion npcs, and npcs throughout with their own agendas and routines who you can watch go about their daily business if you please (note: it is difficult to say whether the routines of the npcs in Skyrim are as elaborate as some of the things I recall seeing of the npcs' routines in The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion, another similarly great title also by Bethesda, but they are there to a sufficient extent to make the world feel populated - npcs will sleep, go to the inn, converse with each other, sit down to eat, gather, hunt, etc...). The game serves up a wide variety of content, especially with the expansions, and, as one should expect, isn't going to do any one thing as well as perhaps some other games might do individually, but certainly doesn't shortchange anything it attempts either. This is to say, yes, the Mass Effect games excel a little more in terms of the cinematic quality of player dialogues, yes, the Crysis games are more agile in terms of fps combat and combat ai, and yes, you can have more fun with homemaking and relationships in Sims 3, but I can't think of one other title that brings as many different gameplay aspects together in a game as well as this one to create a three-dimensional fps world in which to immerse yourself (other than perhaps previous Bethesda titles such as The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion or Fallout 3). As a bonus to all that, the game respawns creatures, dungeons and randomly generated side-quests from various npcs, so there's no limit to how long you can enjoy running around the world and hoarding stuff beyond the very epic main quests. And, last, but not least, the game is pleasing to the eye, and plays VERY smoothly even on some very modest systems (it even runs fairly well with low-medium settings on a Core 2 Duo 2.2ghz with 533mhz ram and a single 8800 GTS 512 MB I still have kicking around). Even as I update this review right now a couple of years after initial release I still enjoy the graphics style nearly as well as any other title I can think of (maybe I'm not very fussy?), and even so, if that doesn't satisfy you, there is a world of modifications of every kind (including graphics and character models) offered by a massive community that simply adores the game (I, personally, am a purist of sorts when it comes to play-throughs, so this review is based entirely on the game and its expansions straight out of the box). I have seen someone complain about animations, referring to the dragons in particular... 1. that's seriously nitpicking, 2. compared to what other game that does anything on the same scale? and 3. the dragons look great to me. Bethesda did a spectacular job with capturing their concept art in-game while not sacrificing any perfomance, and the colour palette and model styles are consistent throughout, giving its vast, open world a feeling of continuity over the span of its substantial expansion packs. This is a game I would score a perfect "10" alongside only one other game in all my 20+ years of hardcore gaming and over 200+ games finished**: Deus Ex. In my opinion, among all the many different forms of entertainment I know of in the world, this is the single best way to spend 30$ in terms of "bang for the buck" (...OK, true that, I have never been to Thailand...) *Please note: I strongly recommend you go directly for the Legendary Edition as it helps round out the content of the game very nicely. **(hours played in Steam on this profile do not reflect my actual hours played for most titles on the account for the following reasons: multiple Steam accounts, multiple consoles/systems, majority of games were hard copies, some of which were added to Steam later, some played on Origin, Windows Live or Uplay, etc., and, as you can see, I refer to my experiences with several games that do not appear here, including my beloved Deus Ex - which, if you are into oldschool games with 3D graphics, I highly recommend, alongside the terrific mod for it called The Nameless Mod, which I am not sure how to install with the Steam version of Deus Ex as I still use the original hard copy)
game-hours: 129.2
review: Awesome game. Whenever I play it I always end up playing for like 2-3 hours before I get off because it's just THAT addicting. Didn't think I'd be interested in a game like this as it seems a little too nerdy for me (I'm usually into FPS types of games and survival games) but it turned out to be one of my favourite games. It's a MUST-BUY for ALL gamers - Casual or Pro! Get it today, especially since it's 75% off in the summer sale.
game-hours: 14.4
review: A very open world with great, DETAILED enemies, quests, and a very well layed out game overall with a GREAT storyline. Highly Recommended 10/10
game-hours: 464.0
review: Absolutley amazing! With all the mods and add ons that you can add to inhance the game to your style makes this awesome!
game-hours: 614.7
review: *sploosh*
game-hours: 18.6
review: The most perfect RPG out there. And it also grants great support for modders. What else could you want...
game-hours: 577.5
review: This is probably my favorite game of all-time. It centers around my favorite province of Tamriel-Skyrim, my favorite race to play-Nords, and my favorite creatures-the Dragons. I was enchanted by Morrowind on the X-Box, and had a blast playing Oblivion on the 360, so I was estatic when Skryim came out on the PC in 2011. I had just bought a brand new computer with some beefed up specs and was eager to try it out on this beautiful looking game. There is a reason why this game was so hyped, scored so many rewards, was talked about on the internet so much (I took an arrow in the knee jokes) , and sold so many units. Skyrim delivered. This game has some of the most beautiful scenery I've ever seen. Skyrim is sparsely populated, so there are miles of forrests, snowy mountains, lakes, green plains, rolling hills, rocky cliffs, swamps, dwemer ruins, draugr tombs, hidden grottos, caves filled with dangerous creatures, and the endless sea. If this place were real, I'd like to live there. Also the DLC includes the island of Solstheim which is a sweet return to the giant-mushroom and ash-filled Morrowind. Jeremy Soule returns again bringing another great orchestral soundtrack. The main theme "Dragonborn" is a more raw and primal take on the Morrowind them "Nerevar Rising". Included in the DLC on Solstheim is the overworld theme "The Road Most Travelled", which is a sweet nostalgic trip down memory lane for anyone who has played Morrowind. Gameplay is much the same as previous TES games, with a few minor changes (such as the Shout system, which I find minorly disappointing). There are hundreds of side-quests including the Mages, Thieves, Warrior Guilds, etc. and many more. There's also numerous dungeons with random loot and encounters to explore. The majority of the skill sets such as destruction magic, restoration, sneaking, heavy armor, etc. are still here and the leveling system is centered around increasing those skills by using them often, and being able to select perks from a tree each time you level. The class system has been eliminated which many TES fans have raged against, but in all actuality you don't need a class to limit you to a specific set of skills. All skills are able to be leveled to 100 with use, and the legendary system allows you to reset the skill after 100 and keep your perk points. If you like being a cloak-wearing illusion mage, then you will use those skills and level based off of that. If you like being an armored axe-wielding barbarian, then you will level up those skills. You can be a heavily armored magic-casting archer if you want. You play according to your play style. One disappointment though is that the previous spell-making system is gone. You are limited in the spells you cast by the spell tomes you find to learn spells. (though there are mods that add more spells). DLC lets you build your own houses, adopt kids, and ride dragons! ...and like the other TES games that are large in scope, there are several bugs and glitches in this game. Many are hilarious (like the giants sending you hurtling through the sky), and many are very frustrating (infamous random crash-to-desktop bug). The mod community however has been vigilant in releasing "unofficial bug fixes". Now what makes this game really great is the mod community, and the fact that Bethesda not only allows modding but encourages it. They include the Creation Kit allowing you to play around with the programmable aspects of the game. With the release of Skyrim came the Steam Workshop and launched a community of mods similar to the Nexus. This is why I have played this game over and over. I love going back and starting over playing with magicka sabers (lightsaber mod), more dragons mods, custom weapons and equipment mods, follower mods, new destination mods, town modification mods, etc. The possibilities are truly endless. No playthrough has ever been exactly the same. If you are NOT an Elder Scrolls fan, you will HATE this game. If you do NOT like open-world sandbox style RPG's, you will HATE this game. If you were captivated by Morrowind and Oblivion you will probably love this game. There is much nerd debate reminiscent of FFVI vs FFVII on which is better (FFVI is the best :p) - Morrowind or Skyrim. I personally choose Skyrim and wholeheartedly recommend this game to anyone and everyone to at least try once.
game-hours: 1149.9
review: I've been a fan since Daggerfall. They keep getting better.
game-hours: 156.1
review: Fantastic game in the Elder Scrolls series. Even when you have completed the main quests and all DLC, there are plenty of mods to grab from the workshop and play. Although I would not suggest using gameplay mods on your first playthrough, I like to use them when just messing around and completing side quests just for fun
game-hours: 34.1
review: awesome game
game-hours: 9.1
review: Dragons !!! 100/10
game-hours: 1209.1
review: The best!
game-hours: 29.8
review: 11/10 I can eat people after transforming into a werewolf.
game-hours: 386.9
review: i feel, dont have life, ruined me 11 sweetroll / 10 sweetroll
game-hours: 122.6
review: One of the greatest game I've played on its own, But if you add mods and custom quests it becomes even better.
game-hours: 181.6
review: must have everyone
game-hours: 21.4
review: Writing a review for Skyrim is exceptionally hard. Where do you start? Well you start by saying the game is amazing and a must own, with all the mods you can get for any need. The story of Skyrim may not be groundbreaking or something to remember that doesn't mean the game is not fun. I definitely recommend this game to anybody who likes RPG's or anybody who's a fan of the previous Elder Scrolls games. The modding community is something everyone should be part of, every day it keeps growing to make Skyrim even better and with workshop integration it makes it even easier.
game-hours: 294.1
review: Very good game, still relavant today, two years later and probably more to come!
game-hours: 12.7
review: awsome game
game-hours: 16.5
review: 100
game-hours: 23.1
review: I like peeing in jars
game-hours: 18.7
review: Take up arms against the ancient entities of the world, dragons, and utilize their unique power to carve your way as Dragonborn through a world torn by dispute and devastation.
game-hours: 319.7
review: Step 1:Play It. Step 2:Get Bored. Step 3:Mod It. Step 4:Repeat Previous Steps Pretty much nothing more to say here.
game-hours: 41.6
review: One of the most addictive rpg's i've ever played. You can choose your own story that will lead you to fighting the dragon of all dragons and race too. Theres WAY!!! more stuff to do if you buy this game (which you should). Will reccomend this to all my friends and will also reccomend playing the legendary edition, but i you just want to play the regular version of Skyrim, then do it. This could possibly be the greatest rpg ever and the greatest singleplayer game i've ever played. Well what are you waiting for, buy the freaking game for crying out loud!!! (only wait if you dont have the money).
game-hours: 32.0
review: absolutely love it!
game-hours: 255.3
review: Being a player, who loved Morrowind and couldn't stand Oblivion, I was surprised how much time I actually spend playing Skyrim. What is more, the main plots (main quest and mages in my case) were actually quite uncomplicated, most of the time predictable and player choices lacked depth. Yet, enjoyed this game very much. That was due to two main factors - extremely smooth gameplay, and what is even more valuable, the amazing atmosphere of the region built by every thing you walk through - the tombs, the marshes, mountain passages, rivers, totally unique, yet still down from scale (same as Oblivion and Morrowind) cities, and the NPCs you meet. Skyrim is a harsh and unfriendly land and you often have to stick your nose out of some places and even being the legendary hero - run from dragons. I especially recommend the assasin (Dark Brotherhood) storyline and of course the Dragonborn extension, which is also surprisingly good with the recreated - known from Bloodmoon addon for Morrowind - island Soltsheim. Comparing these two you'll get much less quests to complete, but they're still worth the time with even better atmosphere which got some TES III nostalgia and really well created mage character Neloth. Just simply don't expect from Skyrim choice and roleplay depth, you won't get it. Yet the land is worth of trying out, exploring, enjoying the view, killing thousand of draugrs and meeting very well crafted NPCs.
game-hours: 258.7
review: Best... RPG... Ever
game-hours: 5.0
review: After playing across multiple platforms I have Lost 400+hrs of my life to this game. 12/10
game-hours: 163.3
review: Excellent! another great title from Bethesda
game-hours: 364.5
review: Possibly THE greatest fantasy RPG of all time. The graphics are beautiful and the stories are VERY well written.
game-hours: 109.1
review: Jeez,such a lovely game! Never played better game :D
game-hours: 563.5
review: The CTD bug is a bit annoying, but the game itself is a great game. I would recomend this to anyone who enjoys a good RPG.
game-hours: 64.1
review: Game is neat.
game-hours: 26.6
review: It's pretty fun
game-hours: 308.8
review: Skyrim is a great game. you can easily get lost in the huge world that bethesda has provided. The possibilitys are endless with this game between the mods and fun console commands you will never get bored
game-hours: 53.9
review: A huge impressive game, so much to do. So many quests. I'm 30+ hrs in and still haven't finished the main quest because I'm too busy doing everything else. Highly recommend it!
game-hours: 296.3
review: You buy this game, And you will suddenly find yourself with no time left for real life.
game-hours: 500.3
review: 500+ hours of gameplay and I still have things I haven't done yet. I love this game so much!
game-hours: 51.5
review: This game has help upfor 3 years and the community keeps making it better!
game-hours: 42.6
review: Ran around a village naked, ate said villages' supply of cheese wheels and bread, sprinted into the nearest woods to punch a bear to death then got launched into space by a giant. 11/10
game-hours: 233.4
review: If you haven't played Skyrim yet, then I pity you. Possibly one of the greatest games of the past few years, Skyrim is incredible.
game-hours: 264.5
review: It's Skyrim. 'Nuff said.
game-hours: 331.6
review: Awsome game, get mods, more awsome game
game-hours: 43.5
review: This is one of the most beautiful games that I have ever played, the story is highly engaging and will get you hooked at the very start. Definitely many hours well spent.
game-hours: 119.6
review: Very COMPLEX with a lot of choices, It's a free roaming game with no rules, Unless if you kill someone you go to jail, Maybe Worth The 60$
game-hours: 92.9
review: Can't kill the children. Good game nonetheless.
game-hours: 74.3
review: Everyone tried to kill me after I shot an arrow at a chicken. 10/10
game-hours: 62.8
review: Had this game since it came out on Xbox probably have well over a few thousand hours, but only recently started playing on PC but still. Love this game to pieces. Just when you think you had explored everything you can, suddenly a trail of bandits attack you from a new Camp that always leads to treasures at the end. Learning all the plot about the previous Daedric princes is magnificent also, if you ever played any game by bethasda (excluding that Home Alone game they made, oh lord no) you'll know it will be fun packed. If you love medevial/fantasy games, get it. It's even on sale right now! How could you not
game-hours: 53.7
review: This is a really fun game based in the medival times. You fight dragons, vampires, werewolfs, wizards, and theifs. Do you have what it takes to be the ultimate dragonborn? Find out in this exciting game.
game-hours: 287.2
review: While not as truly free as Morrowind and lacking the interesting quests from Oblivion, Skyrim isn't as good(or as bad) as a lot of people seem to think, in my humble opinion. Enjoyable, but quite a few features were removed and streamlined from previous entries and like Oblivion, I think Bethsesda was banking on the modding community fixing several bugs and making overall improvements. An improvement from Oblivion, minus the quests, and downgrade from Morrowind(exlcuding graphics and a few other improvements that have come from recent technology), still a solid Elder Scrolls title.
game-hours: 370.3
review: Okay, so here I start. Graphical and environmental Graphically, Skyrim does it most utter best. Being a late 2011 game, Skyrim shows a beautiful picture to your eyes when you don't pay much attention to details. But there is where it falls short. Being large as Skyrim is, the amount of detail can't be very high, which is very notiable once one goes on a graphics-quest. For example, ropes around poles are hexagrams and candlelights have a rather peculiar shape. Yet this is not something that someone quickly notices, let alone it being troublesome. Skyrim has an amazing large world. It offers both harsh, cold weather as well as dense forests and rocky mountains. Yet the world feels very empty. The capital city only offers like 30 NPC, not counting the "lifeless" guards. I often ask myself why there is a civil war. To fight for those 100 other inhabitants of your immense playground? Events and quests Skyrim quests are very linear. There are very few choices to be made: you almost always have to follow someone's instructions. Yet the diversity is hidden inside the overall questline. You can often choose to either help or fight against a certain faction. Once you made that choice, it's merely a completion of continuous questlines with almost no freedom or choice. Yet the questlines do not feel boring at all. You really get involved in the story, giving you the option as if you're able to deny a quest. yet still, the game turns it in that way that you still have to follow what you've been told, or you're just a real jerk (Can you resist helping an old lady fetch some food? I bet you can't). Freedom and choice Aside from the quests, the game offers all kinds of freedom. MUCH FREEDOM. Make and design your own house. Choose your armor types (Prefer the hack 'n slash guy? Maybe a supportive mage that watches from the side while his summonings slaughter his enemies? Or do you like the kind of person that sneaky stabs two daggers in someones back? Your choice!). Unimportant quests that do not alter the gameplay can easily be denied, or played as someone wants. Don't want to help that jerk? Simply don't! (Y'know, maybe, when noone is looking, that dagger you found lately, eh, it eh, fits perfectly in his, you know, his back, hehe) I definately recommend this game. I really, really, really do. Really, when you don't like it, I'll personally give you your money back! (Or not :p)
game-hours: 39.7
review: this game is fun to play as a waiting for something to download and it has a nice storyline and great voice actors so i rate this game 8/10
game-hours: 35.7
review: An epic RPG action packed game full of adventure. There is soooooo much content that you should just look the game up because I won't even bother to do this review.
game-hours: 242.4
review: 224 hours on record so far, yet I still find something new about the game that keeps me coming back. Just buy the damn thing already!
game-hours: 117.7
review: Easily scores on my top 10 games of all time, a brilliant Action RPG that provides a true nonlinear experience. The game does not give a sh*t when sully your reputation. Friendly fire exists and even crucial plot members can die or hate you. This gives you amazing opporunities to be a complete  or a god send to the people of skyrim. That gets to my next point on how good the NPC system is. Coming back to my last point in how you can sully your reputation, you can buy simply talking to them, thats right, many of the NPC's have multiple pathways of chatter, this allows an even bigger nonlinear feel than it already has. Let us not forget about the epic battles as well. They, are, EPIC, to avoid spoiling anything thats all im going to say.So overall we have one of the most nonlinear RPG of all time, a somewhat challenging auhority (early game) unlike other open world games I know *cough* gta *cough*. This holds a solid spot of #7 on my top 10 best games of all time.
game-hours: 118.6
review: Dont buy if you want to do well in school, keep a good social life, have good friends, and keep in touch with family. 10/10
game-hours: 144.3
review: When I first played Skyrim on the Xbox, I was hooked into the world of The Elder Scrolls instantly. However, when I later decided to buy the Legendary Edition of Skyrim on Steam, I found myself in a whole new world. The world I found myself in was the ultimate modding community, which consisted mainly of the Steam Workshop and Skyrim Nexus. There are endless amounts of mods you can add into your game to make Skyrim seem like a whole new game entirely. Even if you own a console version of TESV: Skyrim, you should own the PC version just because of the mods. With mods, you can make Skyrim look like a game that came out yesterday with multiple enchancements of gameplay, graphics, and even sounds. Overall, I recommend this game to anyone with a love for gaming.
game-hours: 120.2
review: Awesome game. Miles ahead of Oblivion, but I would like to see some major changes to the physics engine Bethesda works with. A very detailed and quest driven game.
game-hours: 85.4
review: Great game
game-hours: 114.7
review: I absorbed a dragon's essense after reading something on the wall, then I took it's money and left for a town. 10/10
game-hours: 54.0
review: Great game, first off I recommend mods as they add new experience to the game. Second of all, you'll enjoy the new open world the company Bethesda has created. For those who have played Oblivion, the interfaces is a bit different but as you play you will get use to the changes.
game-hours: 396.7
review: Skyrim is a GREAT game, and a great game to be the entrance into the realm of The Elder Scrolls. I've downloaded the first game, Arena, because of the newer Elder Scrolls games. Besides the long loading screens (at times), Skyrim is one of the best games you will play. Please note: Bethesda is not to blame when you spend 20 hours a day playing it. 9/10
game-hours: 36.8
review: what is a skyrim? well, to find out, we need to look at the word, sk and yrim, what do they words mean? will we ever know?
game-hours: 41.8
review: One word review : EPIC. Multiple word review : Epicest epicness that ever epiced.
game-hours: 87.1
review: Very Wow Such Dovahkiin Much Fun So Shouts Many Iron Plz Buy
game-hours: 51.6
review: 10/10 about to ruin my life
game-hours: 119.3
review: :  , ,    !
game-hours: 130.7
review: !
game-hours: 123.1
review: It's Skyrim. Another game in the Elder Scrolls series with the previous title being Oblivion, let's just say I've played this game over 3 times and still enjoy it. In fact it's my favorite RPG series with Fallout being close behind. So I definitely recommend Skyrim to any RPG fan.
game-hours: 111.7
review: The best RPG game all the time.
game-hours: 127.4
review: best rpg ever
game-hours: 16.6
review: THIS GAME ... Well its not all that great , I greatly prefer the fallout series , however its not just that , this game is extremly buggy and is far over rated, But this is coming from someone who greatly enjoys fallout new vegas . just there are common texture issues and such , i do reccomend it because its fun but i think that a title such as fallout 3 or maybe some of the older fallouts would be better , maybe you might like oblivion more , just this game is just overrated and not all that people say it is , however mods can fix some of your problems
game-hours: 1.4
review: this gaim iz gunna win gaim of da yaer -mark siembieda 2014
game-hours: 320.9
review: I love this game enough to not quit it even when it break my characters with the various bugs occuring if you download a mod interfering with the game. ...and that says I either got a problem or the game is just too good. Joking aside, to me it's only worth playing if you switch to Master or Legendary difficulty since the game is too easy on the other levels. The difference is that on all the others you'd slay a dragon with no problem and on Legendary you'll run for your life. :D
game-hours: 126.6
review: What an amazingly fun game to play. So much to do I never get bored. Endless quests and enemies to face. I'm sorry, I l love killing dragons. That's why we can't have nice things.
game-hours: 140.0
review: I turned a rabbit into a daedra lord. 10/10
game-hours: 337.0
review: THIS GAME IS AMAZING GO BUY IT NOW YOU  IF YOU'VE NOT!
game-hours: 294.3
review: Skyrim = 8DDDDDDD
game-hours: 30.2
review: great fun i have it on my xbox as well and works great with workshop 10 out of 10
game-hours: 1.8
review: awsm^^
game-hours: 457.9
review: I have tried Morrowind and Oblivion before, but they never really caught my attention and so at first I wasn't really that interested in the game [Skyrim]. Then I saw a few friends play it and also saw some mods and thought why not [bought Legendary pack from the start] and I was good to go. The game in itself is pretty good with a few exception of course thats why modding exists. But there was something that felt slightly rushed in the game some of the story(ies). For example the war between the Empire and Stormcloaks, it was to bare and to fast. It didn't feel like a civil war, it felt like a conquest map in Battlefield without the reinforcements and you being some big badass killing everyone and winning the battles. There was no tactic no manuvering on the battlefield, just go follow the path and you will eventually get there oh and hack and slash or pyroblast anyone in the way [whatever the weapon(s) of choice you had]. Thank the modding community for the mods otherwise I would not have played the game for this long, I would probably have finished all the stories and quests [aside from the repeatables like go kill this and that and get 100 gold each time <--- glad I could mod that too]. Seriously Bethesda? 100 gold for killing a damn dragon?! or cleaning a Giant camp?! I could let the bandit camp slide for 100 gold in the beginning, but they didn't get easier and I still only got 100 gold not trying to be greedy here or anything. But those Chiefs are like some Raid boss in some MMORPG especially if played on Legendary. The bounty should be equivalent to the risk. Anyhow the game in itself is bare, it doesn't have the specialization Morrowind and Oblivion had. All I have to say yes the game felt and was rushed in a lot of things. I am not going to rant about them here, but the game is worth trying even though you will probably spend more time finding all the appopriate mods to make the game better than actually playing the game. The game is worth it if you get the whole Legendary pack and get it on sale! [Shh! Don't tell anyone I told you that *winks*] You can spend a lot of time in the game even without mods, but in the end you will mod it unless you are here merely for the story and thats it then you are done with the game. Yeah give the game a try but do mod it if you wish for a better experience G.E.M.S have perfect mods that will make the game more immersive.
game-hours: 236.5
review: This game is only bested by the third installment in the series: Morrowind. I love both games but the magical possibilities of Morrowind makes it better to me... Being able to levitate for instance is something that Skyrim lacks in comparison to its older brother! With more than 200 hours played, I'd say that this is one of my favorite games of all time in the First person RPG category!
game-hours: 1.8
review: My favorite RPG. Pros: - Great Story. - Long gameplay. - Allows mods. - Very addicting. Cons: - None.
game-hours: 158.6
review: This is an Open-World RPG at its finest. The Elder Scrolls series has hardly ever disappointed, and with Skyrim they only raise the bar again. I recommend this game to anyone looking for an RPG that's just packed with adventure and freedom to become the hero you want to be.
game-hours: 434.4
review: This Game Doesnt have many missions but has TONS of side quests and areas to discover. The Best free roam game i have ever played. With dragons scattered around the map you will never run out of things to do.
game-hours: 397.3
review: I like it alot.
game-hours: 157.2
review: Loved this! I keep looking for another game that would immerse me as deep as Skyrim but haven't found one yet.
game-hours: 328.1
review: Awsome RPG game one of the best i've played
game-hours: 39.3
review: This is such an amazing game with so many hours of gameplay and a very high replay value. Love the economy and crime systems. Great game. Highly recommend it.
game-hours: 165.1
review: If you don't already play this with as much devotion as a Westoboro Baptist Church member loves to hate gay people you are an idiot. :)
game-hours: 376.2
review: Gameplay: It's classic TES Gameplay, search, explore, kill with swords, magic and bows or a mixture. Character builds are gone; just use the skill to level it up. Dragons are powerful and epic and combat is, again not the best but classic TES. There must be close to 1000 or in Todd's words infinity quests for the player to do, he right you know too :) Story: Predictable but gripping and fun all the way. The main story has gotten rid of tedious missions and left only the raw and great missions. That said though it still look me 26 hours to complete the main storyline over 3 days and im not even close to the surface of the game. Graphics: TES has not boasted about the graphics but on Ultra High i was admiring the detail in every nook and cranny of the game, characters look realistic, everything just look's amazing!. Easily in the top 5 best looking games ever. The game does suffer from a few bugs but a small price to pay. Almost picture perfect 9.8/10 :D - Dean "Buy this game, GOTY"
game-hours: 42.5
review: MY EXPERIENCE: ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- "As i lift my Daedric bow from my belt and take aim at a unsuspecting deer, the feeling of adrenaline pumping through my veins, power up my shot but then all of a sudden a gigantic roar from the mountains erupt and my prey flees. As i turn around i cannot help but release a groan as i witness the sight of a frost dragon, flying in circles. all i can think to myself, What have i gotten myself into" MY OPINION ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Skyrim is an open world game full of twists and turns that are thrown out to you in the blue. Bethesda really have amazed me with this title and i know this review is 2 years too late but it was possibly game of the year 2011, What i like about the game is the movement the main plot gives you and the detailed graphics into somethings that aren't even real in the non-gaming world. MY VERDICT ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- My overall verdict of this game is that if you are a fantasy RPG gamer and love anything that bethesda have done then you will love this game but if you have never heard about this game where have you been under a rock? MY RATING ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Rating 9/10 - A Game with good gameplay and a moving plot, will slice hours out of your free time.
game-hours: 139.5
review: Having never played an Elder Scrolls game before, I had no idea to expect. My friends were telling me to play this left and right. All I knew about it was: Dragons. It sat in my library played only once for a half-hour for about 6 months, before I decided to start over. And, let me tell you, that was one of the best decisions I have made about a video game. In this game, you start off as a prisoner, on your way to an unknown location, next to a bandit, a soldier of a rebellion (the Stormcloaks), and the leader of the Stormcloaks, Ulfic, Jarl of windhelm. After seeing the rebel beheaded, it is now your turn to be killed at the block. But, just as the axeman is about to bring down the axe, a dragon, unseen for thousands of years, comes down to attack the city. After this comes a long adventure to really test your might. One new addition to this game that was not in any previous Elder Scrolls game, is the Dragons. A powerful adversary, they can only be truly defeated by you, the Dragonborn, or Dovahkiin. Each time you defeat a dragon, its soul is absorbed and can be used to learn that dragon's knowlege about a word of power of your choice. Gain 3 words of power in one "tree", and you get a powerful Thu'um, or shout. Each Thu'um can be different legnths, like 1, 2, or 3 words. Words of power can be learned from word walls at the end of dungeons, and unlocked using dragon souls. Speaking of Dragons, the dragon language, or Dovahzuhl, is a full language, that can be used to talk in a normal conversation. Cool, but not practical. This "shout system" uses no mana, but instead a cooldown bar at the top of the screen. This is so that it does not interfere with your magic casting. Even if you prefer physical weapons over magic, the shout can be used to great advantage. Like all Elder Scrolls games, the main quest is not even the longest part of the game. There are side quests that can take hours to complete, even though it seems like mere minutes. And somehow, these quests show that you are a once in a lifetime person. It seems that only you are capable of doinng whatever needs to be done, and that you eventually become the leader of everything. The DLC adds hours of additional gameplay, and tons of new enimies, followers, quests, and gear. It is very much worth getting the Legendary Edition, instead of getting the DLC separate (it'll cost you 25 more US dollars. A mistake I made). If you have never played a TEH game, that is fine. You need no previous knowledge of previous games' storyline. The "Oblivion Crisis" is mentioned a feew times, but is not important. If you want to get into the modern RPG/Elder Scrolls series, this is a great place to start. This game kinda makes you wish you were a Dovahkiin in all the games, including the hopefully soon Elder Scrolls VI. Also, to make your guy even more special, if you read to the end of "The book of the Dragonborn", there is a prophecy, which states. "The World-Eater will wake, and the wheel will turn to face the last Dragonborn". Saying that you, are the last dragonborn to exist. Meyz zoklot Dovahkiin wah alun alok wah suleyk, ahrk krii sahrot Alduin!
game-hours: 45.8
review: When you have a game where you go to check the time and it's six hours later, you know you made an excellent choice. Bethesda delivered as expected. A truly advanced RPG that honestly lets you play a role howeer you want. Whatever the price may be, it's worth it. Many games today can be six ot twelve hours (even less) and beluieve they justify the $60 release price. Here's a game that gives and gives and gives. You can expect a minimum of 90 hours of gameplay; 200+ if you care to search every shadow of this cold yet breathtaking world. And then when you factor in the DLC along with the mod community, the amount of time you can invest is exponential. Buy it. You won't regret it.
game-hours: 194.9
review: Awsome game can put hour on hour and still love it
game-hours: 185.1
review: Absorbs soul, 10/10 wuld reccomend
game-hours: 157.1
review: slowly ruining my life 10/10
game-hours: 89.4
review: With my time played on Xbox, have seen Skyrim with long loading screens and lag,But the PC Version the mods are brilliant! And Less time loading, I just think Oblivion is MUCH better than Skyrim,I can't tell you about morrowind because I have Not Played that,Skyrim Got most of it's fame from just being an open World RPG,Oblivion had much more Better Looking landscape,But Yes I know Skyrim is set in the land of the nords in the north so it's gotta be dark and snowy,Overall I think Oblivion Had Much More time put into it by Bethesda! But I think you should play Oblivion first Then Skyrim! I hope this helps! -ApeX
game-hours: 763.2
review: Skyrim is one of the best RPG out there right now. You can have countless hours of fun in the game and that is not counting the DLC. When you think you have done everything you can still find new things to do or if you do not think you will find that new thing you can add tuns of new stuff made by other players. Some mods out there add dozens of hours of new content and sont get me wrong some of that sontent is like AWESOME. If you out AWESOME game like Skyrim add even more AWESOME content in the form of DLC and then mod this game with textures new mechanics and content you will be in this game playing and enjoying it for hundreds of hours like i did :D
game-hours: 208.9
review: A great game for the family
game-hours: 129.9
review: I've had this game since it was released 11th November 2011. I've had it on PS3, Xbox360 and now PC. I've had over 25 playthroughs At an estimate I've played around 600 hours. (I know there's people with even more) I can't remember ever feeling bored or not having anything to do. WatchDogs is a brilliant game I played WatchDogs for 5 days, completed all the story and most of the side missions. I got bored. I'm now playing Skyrim again. I wasn't going to rate Skyrim because, for it to be believable, I would need to find something wrong with it. So 9.9999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999/10 bye-bye ;)
game-hours: 236.0
review: Very fun game if you like to use mods
game-hours: 515.3
review: Amazing, Skyrim is full of areas to explore and pillage. You can be an assassian, a mage warrior rogue thief or anything you want. This is where you can make your own class. 10/10, A game of the century for sure.
game-hours: 237.0
review: Skyrim..Do I have to say more?
game-hours: 558.8
review: this is the best game i have played!
game-hours: 48.3
review: Fun, entertaining, and has a great storyline. 10/10
game-hours: 110.7
review: One of the best RPG. You must play in this game if you fan of Oblivion and Morrowind.
game-hours: 3.5
review: Iga nonneri unistus.
game-hours: 116.2
review: Amazing!
game-hours: 33.9
review: Its a real good game! If you want a open world game and rpg this is your game! The mods are some of the things that make this game good.Also if you want to buy a dlc for this game I would say Dawngaurd in my opinion.It has a good story.Also if you want to see a sexy powerful vampire girl who will be your partner GET DAWNGAURD.
game-hours: 215.8
review: Euphoric.
game-hours: 7.8
review: The sky doesn't have a rim, 0/10 poor effort, see me, etc.
game-hours: 79.1
review: Amazing if you can ignore the fetch quests.
game-hours: 106.2
review: ,     . ,     ,        .      ...
game-hours: 58.5
review: BEST GAME EVAAAAAR
game-hours: 301.5
review: love it
game-hours: 57.6
review: Skyrim is an amazing game. There are many great aspects, like the enormous world or the variety of options of who to talk to, what to do, who to kill, and much more. Skyrim is definitely worth the $19.99
game-hours: 179.3
review: The best open world Rpg game, and my favorite.In this game can be what they want and do whatever you want.
game-hours: 62.4
review: Good game, could have been better though
game-hours: 122.0
review: me wuz dis gam
game-hours: 84.3
review: This is a really good game if your a elder scrolls fan you might like this
game-hours: 263.7
review: This is probably my favorite game of all time. Endless hours of fun as the Dragonborn, maybe an unhealthy amount in my case but still. The one game I can play over and over again without growing bored of it. Endless paths to choose, endless areas to explore and dungeons to conquer. I fully recommend this game.
game-hours: 344.2
review: I didn't think much of the game when my cousin got it on console. I popped the disk in since I had it. Then 4 hours went by. 200+ hours later, I have a PC copy. 194 hours later, I write this review.
game-hours: 92.5
review: Wonderful game. Beautiful graphics, a large open map that is breathtaking to look at, and a solid combat system. There is so much content, you could play this game for hundreds of hours and still not get everything. Highly recommended.
game-hours: 153.7
review: awesome
game-hours: 3.9
review: This game is boss. just like all others in the series.
game-hours: 245.7
review: One of the best games I've ever played in my life. It's so rich with lore and background and there are so many quests that you'll be kept busy for a
game-hours: 60.1
review: time! To top it all off some of the best graphics I've seen in any game. This game has something for everyone to enjoy so what are you waiting for?! Buy it! Fus Ro Daaah!
game-hours: 72.3
review: Ive recently transfered from console gaming to PC, and I can say I do not regret it, Consoles have there own way of being beautiful with there exclusive's and there own predetermined fixed graphics output, but getting my new Computer and playing skyrim on it is like nothing Ive ever experienced before, I feel like a part of me that has always loved PC's has finally awaken from a deep slumber and seeing skyrims beauty and endless about of fun is nothing compare to what I could have experienced on console, There are plenty of ways to inhance your enjoyment of the game to the max, including, Fun and awesome console commands, Halarious, cool, and enjoying community mods, and especially being able to make any guard who said "I use to be an adventurer like you, and then I took and arrow in the knee" disappear into thin air, or Kill him with a snap, Or perhaps just download the mod preventing NPC's to say that dialoge. either way, with the vast amazing beautiful game of skyrim, and its endless amounts of fun available I would rate Skyrim a 8/10 Although there are many fun quests to do and this game furfills a lust for adventure, some of the quests feel a little unfinished or unsatisfactory when completed leaving the player confused as to what is going to happen now, Or leaving the player finding him or her self a little ripped off after spending there time completing the quest
game-hours: 114.6
review: It has an amazing setting and keeps you hooked for hours! ^^ Also, the storyline is very creative and is very appealing.
game-hours: 179.0
review: This game is large and expansive with no end to its modding capabilities, a game I can't get away from.
game-hours: 890.1
review: This is the world in which I wish I lived. Perhaps one of the greatest titles in the history of gaming. Enough said.
game-hours: 230.2
review: Dont buy this you automaticly loose your social life xD
game-hours: 175.7
review: This is a wonderful world to get lost in. It is very much a story driven narrative, and you aren't required to play Oblivion to understand what is going on, though it will help. Great music by Jeremy Soule adds to a wonderful atmosphere. Wandering around and finding dungeons and camps and cities makes for an in-depth experience... for the first 2 or 3 times. There comes a point where you start running around naked punching mudcrabs because you can, because the dragons really don't matter eventually. The DLC is fantatsic, though the boss fights for DLC and main game are lackluster. It feels like you are helped along too much, or that you are too limited in the world. The side quests are the biggest portion of the game, and some of them are fantastic, others just seem strung along for no purpose other than to add time. I would buy this game again, in fact I did on 360 and now on PC. After the first few playthroughs, go to the mod section and go wild, because that will keep you entertaiend for ages. Praise to be the Dovahkiin!
game-hours: 141.9
review: well... if your girlfriend / boyfriend dumped you... start this game ! LOL ! You will be trapped in an amazing game ! and If you google "Skyrim mods".. well you can play this game for at least a good month (non stop of course !!). A nolife's dream comes true...
game-hours: 164.9
review: Your live is a failure -- give it another go in Skyrim. Oblivion perfection!
game-hours: 327.0
review: This is one of the best games on steam I believe, I give it a thumbs up.
game-hours: 348.2
review: I'm still loving this game, even after 100's of hours. It's my go-to when I need to start from scratch and put on my RPG pants. Highly recommend this title, even to those who may not be huge fans of The Elder Scrolls series.
game-hours: 116.3
review: I wasn't going to buy this game at first because I only meet the minimum requirements, but then on the Summer Sale it went down to 3.74 Euros so I figured that I could buy it and play it when I buy my new PC. Nevertheless the game plays quite smoothly on my PC (lowest graphics of course), but I don't mind at all. The gameplay and combat is fantastic and the sheer immersion of the game makes it awesome! I can't speak for the graphics of course, but I would definetly recommend it to everyone and not only RPG fans.
game-hours: 139.6
review: FUUUUN
game-hours: 15.1
review: Two words: "Let me guess, someone stole your sweetroll?" Day 1: Escaped a dragon Day 2: Got killed by mudcrab "Needs some work and more nude mods" 9/10 - IGN
game-hours: 97.5
review: 10/10 woukd buy again. One of the best games i have ever played. For fans of fantasy this is a must-play
game-hours: 862.9
review: Great game even better with ENB's or other graphic mods! =D
game-hours: 995.1
review: *Also inserts mandatory recommendation*
game-hours: 7.0
review: At the start of the game i ended getting stripped by a bunch of  bandits then an imperial guard gave me some pants and i fled. By the time i reached a nearby town, I tried cross-breeding a dragon with a rabbit. The rabbit kept leaping out of the dragons  so i just effed the rabbit up doggy style. I saw a man sleeping in his comfy bed, but i had the urge to break into his butt. Guards caught me and i was brought into this court full of as bandits. They said told me that thy were gonna allow this violation as long as i were to  inside. that sums my skyrim life story up 10/10 game of the century!!!!
game-hours: 33.3
review: This game is great by itself, but for the GLORIOUS PC MASTER RACE enthusiast, the many mods available make this game even better.
game-hours: 22.4
review: Been playing Elder Scrolls since Morrowind! Skyrim's world is a new opportunity to draw your sword againts Tamriel creatures !
game-hours: 36.8
review: This game has to be one of the best RPG's of its time, and is still quite a great game I recommend this game for anyone and everyone who loves action/RPG.
game-hours: 126.7
review: Awesome game! Open world, choose and craft your story by completing quests the way you see best fits! Magic, dragons, and many other creatures and lifeforms to fight and interact with as you travel across the lands of Tamriel! Hone skills that you want to master and aqquire a deadly skillset to decemate your foes! Large weapon varieties as well as a decent amount of clothing to choose from make for an even more immersive experience as you really feel connected to your character, so dress your character as you choose. Also, along side a few mods, skyrim just never ends, mods adding in new questlines, creatures, characts, weapons and armor, as well as graphical improvements to make your game look as beautiful as you wish! All in all this game will provide you with hours of enjoyment and you will notice time flies when you play as the lust to complete quests and slay your enemies grows after each quest, you complete one quest which leads to another and so on, Highly reccomend this game for anyone who enjoys medieval settings and combat styles, myths and so on. 10/10 :)
game-hours: 347.1
review: Ruined my social life 12/10
game-hours: 935.5
review: Wait, I have over 870 hours played? What, how? This can only be a good game.
game-hours: 331.7
review: Gy
game-hours: 18.2
review: who doesn't want to kill dragons and get all the loot :)
game-hours: 145.5
review: A truly remarkable work. Massive open-world. Once the main story is completed, there is countless hours of sidequests to complete. You're truly never done with Skyrim.
game-hours: 24.0
review: The best and most expansive RPG ever created, you will get at least 100 hours out of this game. Btw, i have many, many hours in this game on another account.
game-hours: 119.7
review: just buy it.
game-hours: 1.0
review: The first time I played Skyrim, I played it on a crappy machine that could barely run it with the lowest settings. Even on low, the graphics were still very impressive. Even today as I play it again, I am mesmerized by the pure scenery as I travel across Skyrim. The game runs flawlessly on my new desktop and I couldn't be happier. The mods available for it are well and plenty and it's top notch from Bethesda.
game-hours: 36.8
review: Has anyone really been far even as decided to use even go want to do look more like?
game-hours: 99.6
review: Half of this game is just seeing how much loot you can horde. 10/10 Also the DLC is pretty fun.
game-hours: 355.4
review: I took a week off from work to play this game when it was released...I should have took two.
game-hours: 27.4
review: Lord of the Rings meets Nords Simulator 2011. 10/10 Would axe to the face again.
game-hours: 871.7
review: This game is the BEST!!!
game-hours: 260.4
review: Best video game of all time.
game-hours: 435.4
review: This is by far the best game I've ever played. Just when you think you're done, you get pulled back in. Mabye I should play a mage, or a warrior, or a thief. The lore is so expansive you just get lost in it, even now im just barely grasping the big picture of it. you're adventure as the Dovahkiin (or not) will go on forever. The mods are so much fun, they add upon everything, from quests to cities to followers and armors there is a mod for it. 20/10 would ruin my life again.
game-hours: 343.1
review: Skyrim... The point with no return. Once you started to play you'll never quit, you'll never forget. The most epic game of all game epicness. Buy the bloody game. Play the bloody game. It's one of a kind. And for each and every minor flaw (for the most part technical issues and bugs) there are updates and bloody mods perfectly executed to enhance even more the game experience. You shall burn and you will relish it.
game-hours: 114.3
review: I got this first on the 360. To be quite honest, this game can be real engrossing depending on how you play it. At first, it felt empty to me once I finished the main storyline back on 360, but now that I'm playing it again on PC, starting fresh, I'm absorbed by it like when I first played it on 360. This is one of THE SP RPGs out there that'll take up a lot of your time.
game-hours: 66.3
review: Such a great game, so much to explore, so many different options to take~
game-hours: 17.1
review: Nice game, nice history, open for mods, open world, don't need nothing more.. :D
game-hours: 78.8
review: I feel bad for you if you haven't bought this yet. 11/10 Would Skyrim Again
game-hours: 63.9
review: There are serveral motives to acquire this game: - One of the best RPG stories I've ever saw; - Gorgeous graphics; - Hours and hours of gameplay; - Ultra fun; - Value for money.
game-hours: 0.5
review: yay I get to fight A dragon...Oh wait I have to fight a dragon
game-hours: 88.6
review: I have this game in my old steam account, just have to buy it again because it's awesome! Fell off the cliff once more!
game-hours: 161.5
review: Hundreds or even thousands of hours can be invested into this awesome game. I've been playing it since it was released, and I can guarantee that this game will consume all of your time even without mods. It features so many questlines involving the return of the dragons, assassinating people, being a thief, researching a mysterious magical orb, and even join a clan of werewolves. The game leaves you open to create your own unique and creative backstory while also keeping the beginning of the game interesting. If there is anything you don't like about the game, mods can likely change it.
game-hours: 55.5
review: best game ever made......done.
game-hours: 18.3
review: Played this game on consoles and bought it again on PC it's alot of fun and a great way to kill alot of time
game-hours: 186.9
review: Best game i've played on PC, the mods make it even a better game.
game-hours: 299.7
review: Awesome game, I really don't think I need to tell everyone how good it is. Let me tell you, everything good about this game that you have heard is correct, I have wasted so much time on this game, and you know, I am totally okay with it
game-hours: 118.8
review: Awesome Game!
game-hours: 127.9
review: Favourite game of ALL TIME! Combat is amazing, dialouge is amazing, story is amazing and I don't need to mention the mods. If you want immersion, great gameplay and DRAGONS(That are actually Wyverns)! Be sure to get this with ALL the DLC! ALSO FAAHKING MODZ!
game-hours: 21.1
review: Some of my favorite things about this game was that even when you were to finish the main story line there are side quests so you dont get bored. Then another thing was the hug amount of mods that you can use because I have not seen a lot of other games with a huge amounts of mods. I would think only about 15 other games have more or close to the amount this game hold. But some of the things i don't like is how its not online and its only single player. I usally play online games but i saw a mod recently today for online where you can trade chat and other things its seems interseting but I have to go find it agian. If i were to rate this game i would say 8.5 because mods and for the amount of freedom that is in this game.
game-hours: 229.5
review: 10/10. would play
game-hours: 12.2
review: Beautiful game
game-hours: 277.6
review: This game is not a causal game. It is a big game. You will be playing it a long time. Its has years worth of ish to do. The story line is immersive and there is a lot going on. The game is a relationship if you're not ready for it you're throwing money away. I do not have the words to decribe to you just how huge a universe this is. Step lively.
game-hours: 34.9
review: Spent last 14 hours modding the game, most fun I had in recent months. Recommended! Wait, what? There is a game..?
game-hours: 105.6
review: This game is a great choice!
game-hours: 182.9
review: Elder to op for me cant stop fapping to this game
game-hours: 143.2
review: LEGENDARY!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 41.2
review: I was a prisoner of skyrim, killed some chickens then did some stuff 10/10
game-hours: 267.1
review: I love this game because is got a lot of adventure you can go anywhere and do wath you want!!! i recomande you this game :D good luck if you buy it because is got things wath i can't pass. :D enjoy this game
game-hours: 23.1
review: This is a nice game. It's worth your 19.99 but I would recomend buying it on a summer sale. I got it for 4:99. :) PS. The cake is a lie
game-hours: 109.3
review: Skyrim is one of the best Adventure/Free Roaming games available to the public. It deserves its Metascore of 94 and the only real problem with Skyrim is its glitchness and bad bear motion.
game-hours: 141.5
review: this is the best game ever made. Period.
game-hours: 27.0
review: got rekt by a giant, went flying, saw a dragon on my way up, oh and lydia is a dumb
game-hours: 753.9
review: I have to be honest: I'm only doing this because it's an account achievement. Having said that, this game is awesome. I have already played it for 544 hours and I still haven't done everything, quite the contrary, actually. I also recently bought the DLC's and from what I've seen so far, those are awesome as well. Highly recommend this game to anyone and everyone. Cheers!
game-hours: 18.2
review: If you like open world and RPG should take
game-hours: 96.8
review: One of my favorite games ever. Great graphics and alot to explore in the huge world. Definitely a
game-hours: 103.7
review: well its elder scrolls,thats all i need to say.if you havent played it thats crazy.
game-hours: 2.5
review: Skyrim It's okay. dont' get it if you don't like high fantasy though.
game-hours: 65.1
review: absolutely love this game
game-hours: 326.2
review: Love it man
game-hours: 43.3
review: Play this and "waste" many hours of your life...
game-hours: 57.8
review: It was totaly worth the money! <3 Love playing this game. its so fun runnign around pickpocketing people killing them for extra loot!
game-hours: 96.5
review: Guud gaem pls buy.
game-hours: 14.9
review: Elder scrolls skyrim is a really fun game i suggest to any gamer out their
game-hours: 40.0
review: great game
game-hours: 260.0
review: Best game ever :D
game-hours: 128.4
review: A must have for any gamer!
game-hours: 14.1
review: This is one of the games you have to mod the  out of.
game-hours: 234.7
review: Get it. It is fun.
game-hours: 125.4
review: AAAAAAAWWWWWWWWWWEEEESSSSSSSSSSOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMMMMMMMMMMMEEEEEEEEEEEEEE.
game-hours: 115.7
review: Muito Bom, concerteza horas de alegria sero adicionadas a sua vida.
game-hours: 530.3
review: By far my favorite game in years. You can do no wrong by getting this! Worth EVERY PENNY. Endless custimization and the best single player game out there! GET IT!!!
game-hours: 44.6
review: Play this game. You've seen the hype. Now give in. There's a reason skyrim content still routinely makes the reddit frontpage: TENS OF THOUSANDS OF PEOPLE STILL PLAY THIS and think it's good. You want example, boy? You can place buckets on people's heads.
game-hours: 224.7
review: A phenomenal game. So deep and rich, meaning an immersive and long-lived experience. A game I will keep coming back to.
game-hours: 102.3
review: Didn't realize there were so many mods to this game. adds a lot of new stuff.
game-hours: 43.8
review: Skyrim... thats a 5 stars.
game-hours: 100.0
review: is good
game-hours: 845.9
review: I found Skyrim to be immensely enjoyable. Right from the word go you are able to make a character from multiple races and alter their appearance as you wish. After the tutorial you are released into the vast, beautiful world of Skyrim. As you travel around the land you will experience breathtaking scenery, from snow-covered peaks to glowing caverns, and many unique caves/dungeons/ruins which contain a multitude of enemies from spiders to dragons. You can spend your time mastering the many skills available or completing quests, which there are a ridiculous amount available. In doing so you can gather equipment to allow you to create any kind of character imaginable. If you enjoy an RPG with freedom of creativity, dynamic combat and awesome scenery the Skyrim is for you.
game-hours: 116.0
review: Skyrim cured my diabeetus. I can now live a long healthy life in my studio apartment with my 30 cats eating white chocolate macadamia nut cookies into my golden years. God bless Skyrim.
game-hours: 19.3
review: EPIC!
game-hours: 15.7
review: All Good. if you like riding big horses and slaying everyone you can see or talk to this game is a must. it will surely kill your time. ^_^
game-hours: 141.2
review: Everyone has played this game because it is fantastic. If you haven't and are just now considering the purchase I would let any loved ones know that you are alive.
game-hours: 124.9
review: I wanted to write a recommendation , but than I took an arrow in the knee.
game-hours: 278.3
review: Crazy addictive. Bethesda really makes an effort to give their games depth, and suceed beyond expectation with this.
game-hours: 40.2
review: FUS RO good game.
game-hours: 58.7
review: 10/10
game-hours: 174.0
review: Such wow
game-hours: 22.6
review: If you like the game, you like it.... If you dont, follow theese steps 1.Grab a snake 2. make sure you grab it by the neck 3.Kiss the snake until it slithers down your throat 4.Feel the snake eat your intestines
game-hours: 3.2
review: I beat up a child, got a bounty put on me. I killed a beggar, got a bounty put on me. I killed a woman, got a bounty put on me. I killed a man, got a bounty put on me. I killed a chicken, got a bounty put on me. I stole a cabbage, got a bounty put on me. Got arrested; escaped. Got arrested again. Escaped, modded the game until it crashed. 100/10
game-hours: 226.5
review: Better than Oblivion
game-hours: 238.7
review: Still never gets old. Only gets better with mods. If never played...PLAY IT
game-hours: 26.6
review: This game is awesome! I am fricken awed by its awesomeness!!
game-hours: 6.9
review: Vampiric stealthy mage? Yes please.
game-hours: 83.5
review: one of those games you can just start over every time you get bored, live a new life and focus on new stuff. love it
game-hours: 198.6
review: This is the best game that I currently have on my computer. If you have the money, buy it immediately. You will not regret it for a second.
game-hours: 39.1
review: AMAZING Game! AMAZING PORT! Can run really good even on  pcs if you use the hialgo boost mod. google it. i love this game. say goodbye to family. if you arent single after getting this game you will be. totally worth it <3
game-hours: 35.9
review: I stole some vegetables in Whiterun and the guards killed me. Good game, would buy again.
game-hours: 104.5
review: RPG-7.
game-hours: 170.6
review: I'd like my life back, thanks.
game-hours: 42.8
review: Skyrim is open world you have a battle of Stormcloaks And Impeals fightging for skyrim.What's better is it never ends you get to fight dragons also and discover land that's in skyrim.The downloadable content even has good stuff in it 10/10.LITTERALLY!
game-hours: 499.2
review: Hi this game is good.
game-hours: 119.2
review: LONG VERSION:Best game ever! I have 55 hours into this and i didnt even do any dlc and im still doing the main quests this game is awesome i would advise to get the legendary edition but if not the regular version is still awesome! Also i advise to get the mod frost fall and eat sleep bathe drink and showers in inns audio overhaul nonstop fire wood chopping and hunterborn touring carriages (look it up) great mods without giving you op stuff makes the game better. SHORT VERSION:This game is awesome if you havent gotten get it! For 10 bucks thats a great deal get the legenedary edition if possible but the regular game is still great :D
game-hours: 95.9
review: Game.
game-hours: 99.0
review: One of the best games I've ever played.
game-hours: 102.4
review: LITERALLY THE BEST GAME ON STEAM You can do whatever you want. (even turn Alduin into a sweetroll and eat him.) And the modding community is so big the fun will never end.
game-hours: 105.6
review: Dragons, dangerous animals, bandits, and a civil war. The majority of my deaths come from jumping off cliffs.
game-hours: 146.2
review: This is the greatest video game ever created.
game-hours: 421.1
review: Great game, would reccomend. Not to mention destroying a camp of bandits as a werewolf is satisfying as
game-hours: 152.0
review: I don't think I've put more hours into a game. That should tell you all you need to know. The combat is better than a lot of RPGs, the story is alright, the crafting hooked me, and the world as a whole sucked me in. I cannot recommend this game enough to anyone who loves video games.
game-hours: 68.2
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is my favourite game of all time. For potential buyers, Skyrim is an open-world RPG that positions you as the dragonborn. Your quest is to save the world from imminent destruction by slaying dragons. However, you're also free to do as you like. From trading with caravans, killing the undead draugr or even jsut cooking, there is a lot to do. Despite the large amount of glitches, as Bethesda games often have, they won't take away from your experience. On top of this, they're also quite generous with DLC by providing entirely new weapons, skills and playable areas. This is just vanilla Skyrim! Once you use mods, anything can happen! I cannot recommend Skyrim enough.
game-hours: 27.8
review: .                    10/10 such dragonborn much recommend
game-hours: 108.4
review: I have played this game for 106 hours and I think it's definitely worth a buy.
game-hours: 9.3
review: liked it all
game-hours: 170.8
review: This game is better than North Korea.
game-hours: 22.2
review: i fus roh dah ppl erry day cause i r sweg 1337 nosc0p3r. dem jelly b1tch3z be hatin' me. if u tri to cuum (hehehe ;3) @ me bro i just 420 mlg QWIKSKpE u like a faZe trikshoter. dats wight. who has most swag? - i do.
game-hours: 243.4
review: like goat simulator but with dragons
game-hours: 217.2
review: Only plebs mod with Steam Workshop.
game-hours: 146.4
review: This is the most awsome game I have ever played.I first bought it on console and it was great.A few years later I got it here. I spent more time on PC using mods and flying through the stunningly good environments. 1000000/10.
game-hours: 3.0
review: Pure awesome
game-hours: 65.1
review: Awesome
game-hours: 193.8
review: You can embark on epic (mental-attempted) quests like see how high you can reach into the sky when a giant smashes you up there.
game-hours: 9.6
review: If you have never played Skyrim, you have never experienceed ife.
game-hours: 127.4
review: Skyrim is still a great game after 85 hours of playing with my first character! All the different mods also add ton of extra possibilities.
game-hours: 10.3
review: If your'e a horny f!uck you should mod this game!
game-hours: 85.8
review: Great adventure game where you can slay dragons and i love slaying dragons.. indeed i do ... this game is good.. kinda glitchy... still good.
game-hours: 48.3
review: You can spend many nights with this masterpiece without losing your interest. Only negative side i could find is that the dungeons are starting to repeat themselves at some point later in the game. But so many things have been done right with this game that one minor negative thing won't ruin your gaming experience. 9/10
game-hours: 58.4
review: Skyrim provides very enjoyable RPG gaming content for you to play. Very good gameplay combined with great graphics provides many hours of fun. As well as this, it has a lot of replay value, as there are many different ways for you to play, from a High Elf mage to a Nord Warrior, this game packs a lot of bang for your buck.
game-hours: 95.3
review: Well what is there to say about this game... lots to be fair. This game is massive! You can be playing it for hunderds of hours. I know this because between playing it on the Xbox 360 and my PC I've amounted somewhere in the region of 350 hours spanning 3 or 4 different characters. The best reason to even consider getting this game though is the ability to download mods. The number of mods is truely unbelievable ranging from weapons and armours to massive DLC sized quest lines of which there are plenty which can add many more enjoyable hours of play. In short this is a truely great game if you like to play games and amazing if you're a fan of RPG's. A must buy!
game-hours: 36.0
review: This game is just to amazing not to play, especially if you like a very good rpg with a great story and action to it. The game is has alot of content in the regular campaign and in the DLC content you can buy with it, you will never really get board of the game because the massive amount of mods and I mean massive. The mods for this game very's from funny mods like a playable chicken character to very cool player homes and etc. So if you have 20$ on your steam and you have no ideas what to get I recomend The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim to you
game-hours: 191.8
review: Buy it.
game-hours: 262.5
review: Best first person free world Rpg
game-hours: 286.9
review: Mod it. Mod it until it crashes.
game-hours: 144.9
review: One of the best RPGs I ever played. The map is huge with thousands of quests and side quests. There's a lot of items you can get, the main story is long and epic. I strongly recommend this game to someone who wants to use a lot of time on a brilliant game.
game-hours: 159.6
review: The best open world RPG out there.
game-hours: 75.6
review: I really love this game PROS +the world and story are rich +many many hours of gameplay time +immersive +nice exploration with hundreds of locations to discover +great skill tree +decent character customization (but kinda lacking in hair) +difficult choices and decisions CONS -kinda linear on armor progression -lack voice acting variety -a bit repetitive combat on melee fighter -bugs and sometimes sudden crash The best thing is most of the cons can be fixed by mods,so you can really make this game almost perfect 8.5/10 but with mods I give it a 9.5/10
game-hours: 581.5
review: It could have been better honestly, the guild quests were just bad. Looked better than oblivion though and as usual was still an amazing time wasting game that I had fun in.
game-hours: 612.7
review: I would like to preface this review with a little bit of transparancy: I am not a huge Elder Scrolls player. I tried playing Oblivion, and just could not get into the story, even though I thought the graphics were good and the gameplay had some unique elements that I really enjoyed. Then I came across Skyrim. A friend told me about this game, and I wasn't sure I was going to enjoy trying it. Oh, I was wrong. Just so wrong. Skyrim sucked me in from the moment the dragon Alduin seals his fate, freeing you from the executioner's chopping block. Exposition was delivered in a much more cinematic way, compared to previous Elder Scrolls installments, and it really made it feel as though I was playing in a fantasy epic, similar to Beowolf or The Lord of the Rings. The scenery was gorgeous - and mods can make it moreso - and the unique skill and character levelling systems are ones that I really enjoy playing with to create a unique character within the game. I also enjoy how they allow me to really create my character. Bethesda is unique in this respect. The attitude your character has to completing side quests - or the main quest - is completely up to you, the player. You're not playing someone predetermined by the game developer, you're really playing whoever you want to, whether it's a dragonslaying, vengeful Blade, a Dark Brotherhood assassin with no moral compunctions about theft, forgery and killing, or even a stoic mage who just wants to be kept out of the politics of the world. The ability to modify the game through Steam's workshop or Nexus makes this game infinitely more enjoyable. In mid-game play, it can be difficult to keep levelling up as a thief or a mage, due to a slight lack of balance. However, mods can help re-balance the game, as well as improve the number of craftable items, if you're like me and want to be a crafting machine. You can add more enemies, quests, even audio sounds for the wilderness or towns. You can use mods to begin the game in a different place, such as a guild hall or city, but I'm not certain I recommend this; the enemies you come up against in the long tutorial quest are specifically tailored to your beginning level, and help you gain skill levels in the skills you plan to use throughout gameplay. If you start at another point in the map, you run the risk of finding a creature that's too high of a level for you to be able to defeat, and can one-shot kill you. If you enjoy a game that's self-directed (meaning the choices come from you as a player as to how the story plays out), with dragons and werewolves and abominations (oh my!), The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is the game for you.
game-hours: 5.8
review: AWESOME!
game-hours: 1096.2
review: As you can tell, I really enjoy Skyrim. Skyrim is a an RPG for the regular player, as it has some RPG elements, but anyone can pick up this game. Another thing that stands out about this game is the great modding community. With thousands of mods, there's something good for everyone. TES:V is three years old, but with the amazing modding community, it's still fresh. Skyrim also has a great soundtrack by Jeremy Soule, and the four CD soundtrack is worth the price. However, there are some downsides. Skyrim crashes, quite a bit. But if you can fix it using mods or just sticking to the normal game, its fantastic. 98/100.
game-hours: 32.6
review: Amazing
game-hours: 21.5
review: It's ing Skyrim need I say more! 10/10
game-hours: 814.4
review: Can't get enough of those mods with this. Great if you love to Roleplay on your own.
game-hours: 63.9
review: There are serveral motives to acquire this game: - One of the best RPG stories I've ever saw; - Gorgeous graphics; - Hours and hours of gameplay; - Ultra fun; - Value for money.
game-hours: 0.5
review: yay I get to fight A dragon...Oh wait I have to fight a dragon
game-hours: 88.6
review: I have this game in my old steam account, just have to buy it again because it's awesome! Fell off the cliff once more!
game-hours: 161.7
review: Hundreds or even thousands of hours can be invested into this awesome game. I've been playing it since it was released, and I can guarantee that this game will consume all of your time even without mods. It features so many questlines involving the return of the dragons, assassinating people, being a thief, researching a mysterious magical orb, and even join a clan of werewolves. The game leaves you open to create your own unique and creative backstory while also keeping the beginning of the game interesting. If there is anything you don't like about the game, mods can likely change it.
game-hours: 55.5
review: best game ever made......done.
game-hours: 18.3
review: Played this game on consoles and bought it again on PC it's alot of fun and a great way to kill alot of time
game-hours: 186.9
review: Best game i've played on PC, the mods make it even a better game.
game-hours: 299.7
review: Awesome game, I really don't think I need to tell everyone how good it is. Let me tell you, everything good about this game that you have heard is correct, I have wasted so much time on this game, and you know, I am totally okay with it
game-hours: 118.8
review: Awesome Game!
game-hours: 127.9
review: Favourite game of ALL TIME! Combat is amazing, dialouge is amazing, story is amazing and I don't need to mention the mods. If you want immersion, great gameplay and DRAGONS(That are actually Wyverns)! Be sure to get this with ALL the DLC! ALSO FAAHKING MODZ!
game-hours: 27.6
review: Such an amazing game, only problem is no multiplay BUT ELDER SCROLLS ONLINE IS COMING OUT. But on a single player level it is utterly flawless!
game-hours: 133.1
review: Why are you even reading this recommendation? Stop wasting time and just buy this game already!
game-hours: 194.3
review: The best game ever made i cant even begin to describe the most epic journies i have had with Skyrim I have almsot beaten the whole game played every race and modded the crap out of it Truly my favorite and best game ever made. Totally Recomended
game-hours: 153.5
review: Its a game play it
game-hours: 77.1
review: Love the graphics, the voice acting, the side quests, the combat mechanics, the dungeons, the caves, the creatures and animals and mammoths and giants, the songs sung by NPCs, the crafting, the chicken hunting, the fusrodah-ing, and everything else about this game. Then I hit 75 hours of playtime, and decided I've had enough and got bored of it all. Such a pity I never went far in the main quest storyline. Would definitely come back to finish the main quest, one day.
game-hours: 130.2
review: I think this might be the best video game I have ever played. Can't stop playing the damn thing, and look foward to Skyrim when I get home every day. I am pathetic ;)
game-hours: 71.8
review: FUS-RO-DAH
game-hours: 154.4
review: WONDERFUL ADDITION TO THE SERIES Bethesda Softworks fifth game of the Elder Scrolls series delivers dungeon diving, dragon killing, thieving, and so much more that you would normally expect from an Elder Scrolls game. Shouts that can make enemies fly back off a mountain, ores in which you can mine, several guilds to join, and countless enemies to battle are all included in this game. Although all these wonderous additions are existent in Skyrim, there are some minor setbacks. The "essential characters" as they are called in game are invincible beings that are important quest characters. They can't be killed, they are human (or elf/orc/lizard/cat), and they break the immersion that many players play the Elder Scrolls for. Also the quests are impossible to fail unless they are a misc. quest. The integration of Steam Workshop made mods accessable and easy to use which can increase/decrease immersion depending on the mod and increase replay value as well as hours your spend playing the game. Overall The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is an excellent addition to your game library and is definitely worth $30 despite its flaws.
game-hours: 27.1
review: top notch still best game on steam
game-hours: 59.4
review: This is my second game on steam I Would recommend it to people who like very strong violence.as soon as you start to play it youll be so hooked that youll never get off .this is a very addicting game so to all gamers BEWARE!!!!
game-hours: 326.2
review: Love it man
game-hours: 43.3
review: Play this and "waste" many hours of your life...
game-hours: 42.8
review: Skyrim is open world you have a battle of Stormcloaks And Impeals fightging for skyrim.What's better is it never ends you get to fight dragons also and discover land that's in skyrim.The downloadable content even has good stuff in it 10/10.LITTERALLY!
game-hours: 499.2
review: Hi this game is good.
game-hours: 119.2
review: LONG VERSION:Best game ever! I have 55 hours into this and i didnt even do any dlc and im still doing the main quests this game is awesome i would advise to get the legendary edition but if not the regular version is still awesome! Also i advise to get the mod frost fall and eat sleep bathe drink and showers in inns audio overhaul nonstop fire wood chopping and hunterborn touring carriages (look it up) great mods without giving you op stuff makes the game better. SHORT VERSION:This game is awesome if you havent gotten get it! For 10 bucks thats a great deal get the legenedary edition if possible but the regular game is still great :D
game-hours: 95.9
review: Game.
game-hours: 99.0
review: One of the best games I've ever played.
game-hours: 102.4
review: LITERALLY THE BEST GAME ON STEAM You can do whatever you want. (even turn Alduin into a sweetroll and eat him.) And the modding community is so big the fun will never end.
game-hours: 105.6
review: Dragons, dangerous animals, bandits, and a civil war. The majority of my deaths come from jumping off cliffs.
game-hours: 146.2
review: This is the greatest video game ever created.
game-hours: 18.1
review: One of the most well-known games out there and my personal favourite Elder Scrolls. It is a great game, which may start off as just a time-waster, but after a while it really captivates you and you don't want to leave. With a massive story, millions of sidequests, great customization and millions upon millions of mods to make your experience there greater. 10/10
game-hours: 3.5
review: Well the first time i played Skyrim was way back in 2011, about 2 weeks before my year 12 exams. But furtunatly for me i was able to show some restraint and managed to fit some time in to study. The first thing i noticed when i started playing was how far the graphics has stepped up from the 2 previous games morrowind and oblivion. After several hours of gameplay, the changes to the leveling sistem, as well as the more divers fighting styles and smoother gameplay, Skyrim started to grow on me. so i would defenatly recomentd it to other players :)
game-hours: 38.6
review: The best 20$ you will ever spend. this game has giant worlds , lots of mods (one adds multiplayer :D) and a lot of stuff to do and master. 10/10. It is better than most fps games at the current time. (I have spent alot of time on this game on my other account).
game-hours: 597.4
review: EXTREMELY AWESOME GAME!!!! XD All my friends definitely better get this game or you're not my friend! lol jk Graphics visuals are incredible! and you don't even need a super high-end PC to play it on. I've seen someone play it on 3-4 year-old hardware. Game can work on DX9, DX10, or DX11 rigs. Played for over 100 hours and not even near done yet. I'm waiting to continue where I am with the major storyline unitl after I'm as high I can go with all the major guilds/faction first. There are so many different ways to play, is so much to do & the game has so many places to explore. I'm just awe-struck everytime I enter the world of Skyrim. The Elder Scrolls series gets better & better with each new game release - and I've been with the series since The Elder Scrolls II: Daggerfall (around 1997-98). TES V: Skyrim = PHENOMINAL!!!!!!!!!!! Get it!!! ;)
game-hours: 48.4
review: I love this game 10/10 my favorite game of all time!!!!
game-hours: 338.9
review: I've wasted my life on this game, PS3 and PC. I've probably spent hundreds more hours modding and getting mods to work rather than playing. 10/10 would play that. It's got dragons and . Stole my reccomendation, Bethesda pls moar.
game-hours: 5.1
review: At first I thought Daenerys Targaryen was the only one who knew how to handle dragons and then I met Dragonborn. This guy has the balls to yell at dragons while Daenerys just sits around crying about how hers refuse to listen. Who would you rather have on the iron throne? A simple girl who can't even rule a peasant city or a Dovahkiin who can tear down your blue skies with a simple whisper? GGnoRE Dovahkiin. GGnoRE.
game-hours: 181.4
review: You need to buy this game and all the dlc's. It's really cheap and it's the best game ever made!
game-hours: 366.7
review: A lot of fun, but don't start playing it unless you have a lot of time to burn, and have a particular hatred for: dragons, innocent townsfolk, or (if you're boring) monsters.
game-hours: 50.6
review: If you've played Skyrim on console, you'll know how good a game it is. Well, moving across to PC just pushes it up to a whole new tier of awesomness. Two reasons - 1. Better graphics (especially with the HD textures DLC); 2. Mods, but Nexus has a better variety than Steam so work there except for exclusives. In all you should definitely get this game, even if you've already completed it on console - there's so much more to do. For mods, I'd recommend Frostfall and Skyrim Redone to revolutionise your Skyrim experience (honourable mention to Realistic Neads and Diseases if you want to make it super hardcore!) In the words of Gopher, have fun!!!
game-hours: 69.9
review: I highly recommend buying this game if you are a RPG fan, with mods it is by far the best game i have ever played. It has very smooth gameplay and hundreds of hours of gameplay and is loads of fun.
game-hours: 367.8
review: This is the best game of the year. Awesome graphics, very interesting storyline and fun gameplay.
game-hours: 248.9
review: Yarl Balgruff wants you to draw him like a fancy french girl!
game-hours: 177.1
review: Truly a time sink :) This game is easy accessible and a lots of fun. What some people describe as dumbing down to its predeccors is not a problem for me. It's a bit ridiculous to master the thief guilds or mage story line as pure warrior but in the end I am happy that I am able to. With so many games to play there's simply no time (for me) to replay games like Skyrim with different characters just to see all the questlines.
game-hours: 209.6
review: It's getting a little long in the tooth these days, but it's still a beautiful game. Mods and graphics enhancements from the Steam Workshop only make it moreso. Even 200 hours in, I'm still finding new places and people and quests. The replay value of this game is astounding. I can't recommend it enough. Unless you want a life away from the computer, in which case you really shouldn't play this game at all.
game-hours: 67.8
review: Skyrim is probably the best RPG I have ever played. Ive waited for the game for at least a year for it to come out. Got it on 11-11-11, and just recently bought it on steam for my PC. The game with mods is so fun you can make the game to however you want to play it. The game on its own though is amazing. If you are a fan of RPGs buy this game now! You will not regret it. If you ever played Oblivion you know how much fun that was and skyrim's experince was 10x better. I 100% recommend this game.
game-hours: 510.4
review: Skyrim! It's amazing! Ok so you probably want more detail so here goes. Well at the very start I do enjoy the customization of both races as well as the appearence changes you have at your fingertips, I've at times wanted to change some features on my current dovahkiin and there is a meaning of such a character that can help you do so. Of course thought it won't be able to help you change your race. In terms of the battle system I like the free form of battle you have. Use advantages like tree cover or any form of cover you have around you to dodge archers but be ready to take a shield in one hand and a sword at the ready in the other! Of course if you want to be Rocky then you don't need no weapons and can punch till you are victorious! There is also choice of mage class. Anything from healing and curing illnesses you may have caught from being bitten by certain creatures, to firing fireballs and rain lightning upon your foes. Sometimes you fine treasures upon your travels and depending on what you go for (Mana, health, stamina) then you can carry more loot or if you have a companion then he/she will take the weight helping you to carry more weight for more shiny treasures. The details is breath taking! I would look up at the sky when northern lights come about or the planets are showing and be like, " Ohhh! Ahhhh! " But then suddenly assassin! And so my time is then consumed on fighting him to the very death of one or the other! It's story line is certainly great and with the DLC's it has widened the choice of missions much further. Now you can become a werewolf or a vampire! There are major advantages to this but as is the way in life, there are also disadvantages. But this is all explained in the game as you progress. If you haven't already grabbed a copy of this then watch a few let's plays and see for yourself what this game has to offer. It's rank in my top 3 of all time fav games ever played. 8/10 rating
game-hours: 195.3
review: Absolutely amazing game, endless things to do
game-hours: 36.7
review: Skyrim is an Elder Scrolls game so of course it is amazing. A brilliant immersive RPG. You can choose so many different ways to play it, like a stealthy thief character, a destructive magic wielding mage, an archer, or a brutal warrior. And because of this it has a massive replay value. There are so many quest lines available, that you probably won't finish them all in one play through. I've only got a few hours on pc, as I mainly play on xbox. The graphics on a half decent pc are a lot better than the xbox though.
game-hours: 10.4
review: Installed too many mods now it crashes every 5 minutes. 10/10 would recommend.
game-hours: 165.8
review: While more focused than previous games in the series, this is still the premiere open world fantasy RPG experience - one that continues to elevate the RPG genre in the pop gaming collective consciousness. Elder Scrolls games typically promise a first-person free-roam sandbox monster of a ride, and Skyrim somberly shoulders the burden of that expectation. This time around the setting is Skyrim, a bleak, northern Nordic-inspired wilderness; albeit one with a variety of visually distinctive areas. The series is still going backwards in terms of features (spears and levitation next time, please?), skill and spell categories are again pared-down, and many mechanics have been further streamlined. Some would even say console-ized, but that is what mods are for. Skyrim does add some new wrinkles to classic TES gameplay like shouts, a specialized type of spell with its own button. This somehat mollifies the purging of spell variety and spellcrafting. Also new are kill cams, dual wielding and of course, dragons. The skills, although somewhat slimmed in term of number, gained perk lines in a evolution of Oblivion's system. Really, though, Elder Scrolls games are just a host world for all the wonderful and amazing mods that breathe new life into every new playthrough. Get it, mod it, go out and chase butterflies. By the time you've been eaten by your first angry beast, you will have been hooked.
game-hours: 88.3
review: This is honestly the best RPG I've ever played. There's nothing I can really complain about honestly. Buy it.
game-hours: 147.3
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 96.6
review: great game one of the best games i play, u dont have to follow the quests so u can just explore but the start can be kinda laggy but it stops as soon as the start is over.
game-hours: 27.3
review: meh
game-hours: 144.9
review: One of the best RPGs I ever played. The map is huge with thousands of quests and side quests. There's a lot of items you can get, the main story is long and epic. I strongly recommend this game to someone who wants to use a lot of time on a brilliant game.
game-hours: 159.6
review: The best open world RPG out there.
game-hours: 75.6
review: I really love this game PROS +the world and story are rich +many many hours of gameplay time +immersive +nice exploration with hundreds of locations to discover +great skill tree +decent character customization (but kinda lacking in hair) +difficult choices and decisions CONS -kinda linear on armor progression -lack voice acting variety -a bit repetitive combat on melee fighter -bugs and sometimes sudden crash The best thing is most of the cons can be fixed by mods,so you can really make this game almost perfect 8.5/10 but with mods I give it a 9.5/10
game-hours: 581.5
review: It could have been better honestly, the guild quests were just bad. Looked better than oblivion though and as usual was still an amazing time wasting game that I had fun in.
game-hours: 612.7
review: I would like to preface this review with a little bit of transparancy: I am not a huge Elder Scrolls player. I tried playing Oblivion, and just could not get into the story, even though I thought the graphics were good and the gameplay had some unique elements that I really enjoyed. Then I came across Skyrim. A friend told me about this game, and I wasn't sure I was going to enjoy trying it. Oh, I was wrong. Just so wrong. Skyrim sucked me in from the moment the dragon Alduin seals his fate, freeing you from the executioner's chopping block. Exposition was delivered in a much more cinematic way, compared to previous Elder Scrolls installments, and it really made it feel as though I was playing in a fantasy epic, similar to Beowolf or The Lord of the Rings. The scenery was gorgeous - and mods can make it moreso - and the unique skill and character levelling systems are ones that I really enjoy playing with to create a unique character within the game. I also enjoy how they allow me to really create my character. Bethesda is unique in this respect. The attitude your character has to completing side quests - or the main quest - is completely up to you, the player. You're not playing someone predetermined by the game developer, you're really playing whoever you want to, whether it's a dragonslaying, vengeful Blade, a Dark Brotherhood assassin with no moral compunctions about theft, forgery and killing, or even a stoic mage who just wants to be kept out of the politics of the world. The ability to modify the game through Steam's workshop or Nexus makes this game infinitely more enjoyable. In mid-game play, it can be difficult to keep levelling up as a thief or a mage, due to a slight lack of balance. However, mods can help re-balance the game, as well as improve the number of craftable items, if you're like me and want to be a crafting machine. You can add more enemies, quests, even audio sounds for the wilderness or towns. You can use mods to begin the game in a different place, such as a guild hall or city, but I'm not certain I recommend this; the enemies you come up against in the long tutorial quest are specifically tailored to your beginning level, and help you gain skill levels in the skills you plan to use throughout gameplay. If you start at another point in the map, you run the risk of finding a creature that's too high of a level for you to be able to defeat, and can one-shot kill you. If you enjoy a game that's self-directed (meaning the choices come from you as a player as to how the story plays out), with dragons and werewolves and abominations (oh my!), The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is the game for you.
game-hours: 5.8
review: AWESOME!
game-hours: 1096.2
review: As you can tell, I really enjoy Skyrim. Skyrim is a an RPG for the regular player, as it has some RPG elements, but anyone can pick up this game. Another thing that stands out about this game is the great modding community. With thousands of mods, there's something good for everyone. TES:V is three years old, but with the amazing modding community, it's still fresh. Skyrim also has a great soundtrack by Jeremy Soule, and the four CD soundtrack is worth the price. However, there are some downsides. Skyrim crashes, quite a bit. But if you can fix it using mods or just sticking to the normal game, its fantastic. 98/100.
game-hours: 32.6
review: Amazing
game-hours: 21.5
review: It's ing Skyrim need I say more! 10/10
game-hours: 814.4
review: Can't get enough of those mods with this. Great if you love to Roleplay on your own.
game-hours: 228.7
review: Best game to put on different awesome mods from awesome mod makers I highly recommend - "s Of Skyrim" Cause its basically Skyrim with  10 out of 10 would be  AGAIN
game-hours: 32.4
review: Oblivion was such a great game and to improve on that I thought was IMPOSSIBLE but Bethedsa did it with Skyrim. I would rate this game a 11/10
game-hours: 221.1
review: one of the best rolegames of all history! 10/10
game-hours: 635.4
review: PROS: -An endless supply of quests. -Very beautiful graphics. -Workshop support. -Dragons! ING DRAGONS! -A lot of skill perks. -Argonians and Khajiit look amazing compared to other Elder Scroll games. -Dragon Shouting that makes things fly and die. -Achievements. -J'zargo! <3 CONS: -Too laggy sometimes. -Contains a  ton of glitches. -Freezes a lot. -Crashes a lot. -Takes forever to load and sync. -Arrow to the knee jokes. If you like singleplayer RPGs, and you haven't played this one yet, then I'd recommend that you try it out. Just make sure you have a powerful PC, or else you'll get a lot of lagging, freezing and crashing. 8/10.
game-hours: 294.4
review: This game is so amazing, and especially with mods.
game-hours: 42.4
review: This game is amazing, I know I got this game when it first came out but its never too late to recommend this game. This game is everything and more if you put your mind to it. It makes it better that this is Workshopped so it has a greater experience. Even watching the trailer gives me chills. Buy this game or even the legendary edition. Whatever tickles your fancy, get this game.
game-hours: 13.3
review: In the eyes of a ranger, The unsuspected stranger Had better know the truth of wrong from right, 'cause the eyes of a ranger are upon you, Any wrong you do he's gonna see, When you're in Texas look behind you, 'cause that's where the rangers are gonna be!
game-hours: 23.8
review: Absolutely amazing! Best Elders Scroll by far
game-hours: 649.7
review: I am forever a fan of this franchise. I never played the previous games, but jumping right into this one, I was immediately immersed in the world. The mods available today, even without ENB, make the game look like it was released just yesterday. Performance friendly mods even exist. The game always has something to do and if you enjoy exploring and enjoying the world in which you are emersed and having a free scneario to do anything you please, this game always delivers, and the franchise will go down as one of my all time favorites.
game-hours: 122.2
review: chicken worship 10/10
game-hours: 198.3
review: Very nearly ruined my life. Managed to get away just in time though, thanks to the crashing. 8/10
game-hours: 34.2
review: GREATY
game-hours: 1451.1
review: I have logged an insane amount of time into this game. If you enjoyed any of the previous versions, you will definately enjoy this one. If not, you can mod it into just about anything you want. :)
game-hours: 120.4
review: I had fallen out of the gaming scene for about a year. Was really disinterested and someone told me that I needed to try Skyrim...but to plan to be losing all my free time. There were ever so right. This game is great and amazing. It really does seem like there is no end to the game. Highly recommended. Totally enjoyable as replay too.
game-hours: 120.0
review: Worths all the money.
game-hours: 219.7
review: Shouted a bunny off the top of a mountain. 10/10
game-hours: 293.5
review: apples
game-hours: 1020.4
review: Bethesda can suck a big fat donkey dong. It's pretty sad when the fans of a game can do a better job fixing the game for free than the paid developers can. It's pretty fun on it's own but a pain to get it in a stable state to play with.
game-hours: 95.5
review: It's an Elder Scrolls game. Moddable, with a great modding community that spans several organizations of modders and developers. Seriously it's almost like the world's next da vinchi is hiding somewhere in the TES modding community, silently crafting armor sets that look more natural in a museum than in Tamriel. Buy it, Mod it, Play it.
game-hours: 76.9
review: This game is fun assuming you dont care about story. With all the mods that are avaliable you can have hours of fun and adventureing. Def worth buying is at a good price.
game-hours: 57.3
review: Amazing game!
game-hours: 2022.8
review: Skyrim is a decent sized world with a good amount of things to do, places to see and NPCs to kill. While the unmodified game can get old, the modding community breathes new life into the game. For those that enjoy to role-playing, the possibilities are endless.
game-hours: 45.0
review: It's like Farcry 3, but without guns.
game-hours: 89.9
review: destroyed my ing life 10/10
game-hours: 69.2
review: Especially with the mods, this game is amazin
game-hours: 162.0
review: I've owned this game for under a month. Look at my play time.
game-hours: 153.8
review: -  ,  ,
game-hours: 107.8
review: Can jump! Would buy again 10/10
game-hours: 208.3
review: there is simply no more manlier way to catch butterflies!
game-hours: 8.2
review: great game to hunt things
game-hours: 29.0
review: its good
game-hours: 1575.1
review: Yes. YES! YYEESS!! GET IT! ITS EPIC.
game-hours: 169.2
review: Pros -Graphics are great. -Mods, mods everywhere. - Massive open-world to explore. - Be who you want to be. Cons - Main storyline was too short. - Some minor bugs. Overall I love this game to death, it's something you can always come back to.
game-hours: 47.4
review: A very good game, much good ,such buy ,so fun, would recommend this to people who like role playing games and massive maps to roam through but make sure your computer can run it.
game-hours: 53.1
review: Best RPG Game- Best Elder Scrolls Game, nuff said
game-hours: 417.5
review: The greatest adventure you'll ever go on in a video game.
game-hours: 216.6
review: Skyrim in general is amazing. Skyrim on PC is the best  you'll ever buy. If you've played it on console, you will feel like it is an RPG, but on PC it's a puzzle game, you barely have time to actually play because you mod and you mod your game, making it more and more awesome, then when you feel "Oh hey, now it's perfect" it'll CTD. You start looking through your mods to see which one is the troublemaker, but you can't find it. So you reinstall skyrim, install a better mod manager, install all your mods (now only with the ones you feel are necessary, but that won't last long) and you jump on, play for 30 minutes and then CRASH. Now you have an idea of which mods are the culprits, so you uninstall them. Hop back on and play for a day or so, then install more mods and rinse and repeat. 10/10 amazing simulator for dragging and dropping files.
game-hours: 16.6
review: Ride a Dragon, what else it is to say about the game?
game-hours: 23.8
review: This is quite a good game, you can do missions try to fight the WhiteRun Guard and level up (If you win). You can also add mods. 10/10
game-hours: 32.7
review: STOP READING THE REVIEWS AND BUY THIS GAME!! BEST GAME EVER!
game-hours: 144.9
review: , , ,   ..           .      , -      ,     .
game-hours: 298.2
review: 100% recommended! Best Single Player Game I have every played! Period
game-hours: 7.1
review: ...
game-hours: 5.4
review: Dragoons spooky
game-hours: 37.2
review: If you hate dragons and like hording random crap. This is the game for you!
game-hours: 131.9
review: such wow very dragon many kill much play so doge dragonz eat doge? wow
game-hours: 80.0
review: This game gave me an
game-hours: 81.8
review: I heard they're reforming the Dawnguard.
game-hours: 66.9
review: I went into the game on the back of rave previews which probably overhyped it for me. I'm a social gamer and I found the Skyrim experience lonely and repetitive. It's a massive leap forward for open world RPGs for the casual console gamer but coming from a background of MMOs where the world is bigger, there are people everywhere to play with and teamwork actually exists... I was disappointed. Even as an avid lover of classic RPGs with stories that tug on the heartstrings, I found little to lose myself in with Skyrim. I'd recommend it for those that want to experience gaming as someone new to the medium, or even as a solid experience for an avid gamer. However, if you want something you'll be playing for years... try an MMO. If you want a story/experience you'll remember for the rest of your life... there are far better alternatives.
game-hours: 27.8
review: am a new comer to the seires have now played oblivion am in looooooooovvvvvveeeeeee.
game-hours: 76.9
review: I was attacked by a dragon before I even reached Riverwood, before it blew fire at me it said "Ima need about tree fiddy." Now it was about this time that I realized what I thought was a dragon was an 8 story tall crustacian from the Paleozoic era. I yelled to it "I AIN'T GIVIN' YOU NO TREE FIDDY YOU DAMN MONSTER!" and it then retreated into the wilderness, never to be seen again. 11/10 would Paleozoic era again.
game-hours: 176.4
review: I am not good at writing game reviews but here goes! This game is absolutely amazing so much to do in it and so many places to visit, even if you finish the main quest in this game there is a lot of side quest to complete and many dungeons to search. The gameplay in this game is good very responsive and simple, the way I like it. Story in this game is very interesting and because of it being interesting you can't stop completing quest 'cause you wanna know what is going to happen next. Graphics are also really good and beatiful IMO. This game is also well optimized for pc because even I can play it on high settings without lagging and I have a average laptop. The final ratings for this game is 5/5, I just simply can't make anything bad about this game to decrease the score. If you want a good fantasy rpg experience then this game is for you!
game-hours: 219.8
review: Pretty much the best game ever.
game-hours: 240.2
review: If you dont own this game your life sucks
game-hours: 26.5
review: An amazing game... i would recommend it to anyone
game-hours: 182.4
review: This game has been a favorite of mine for a long time. With many hours immersive gameplay, and so much to do. I highly recommend this game.
game-hours: 332.9
review: This game is so awesome that I come back to play even after I have not played in months. Fantastic replayability, endless hours of fun, interesting quests ... this game has it all.
game-hours: 31.3
review: mental with mods
game-hours: 154.0
review: Steam thinks I've played this game for ONLY 119 hours. That's cute.
game-hours: 151.8
review: Skyrim is by far one of my favorite games of all time. The amount of stuff you can do in Skyrim is unbelievable. If you do however run out of stuff to do there is an awesome modding community which produces new content every day.
game-hours: 348.6
review: Skyrim alone is a great game. It's a really fun, sandbox Action RPG with a ton of content that tells a great story. Where it really shines is the community supplied mods through Steam Workshop or Skyrim Nexus. Some mods range from simple weapon and armor retexturing to whole new zones and quests.
game-hours: 110.3
review: In my opinion, if you want one of the best rpg experiences, get skyrim.
game-hours: 246.0
review: After the first 10 or so hours, I realy got into the groove of Skyrim. This is different from any other game I've ever played (I don't ploay first-person games, and my husband sat with me for those first 10 hours to help me). Now I'm over 240 hours in, and I'm not done! The crafting system is addictive. All the expansions are fun!
game-hours: 125.7
review: Overall a good game. It's great when it comes to quantity but I keep getting the feeling they are trying to adapt the game to a younger crowd when I believe they would benefit more from making it towards a more mature crowd. There are some real immersion breaking things in the game which is what keeps me away from playing it more. Compared to the older games in the series this is worse when it comes to those things in my opinion. This obviously doesn't mean the game is bad, it's great and you will have certainly atleast 100 hours of fun with it, probably more if you take your time and find the appropriate mods to tailor the game completely after your own taste. I would not expect too much from the vanilla game however if you truly wish to immerse yourself in the universe. An example is the guards telling you to "keep you dirty hands to yourself thief" when I barely even used pickpocketing, it's just somewhat medium skilled because the character is high level. That's something which completely breaks immersion for me personally, luckily it can be fixed through mods though but it should still be mentioned in a review.
game-hours: 60.5
review: A lot of fun! In the world of Skyrim I've had time for all the activities you expect out of any decent game! Sometimes the game gave me headaches like when you meet a dragon halfway through a hard mission, it usually went this way: 1. Have a dragon interrupt you in the middle of an important mission 2. Get killed by said dragon multiple times 3. Kill the dragon 4. Pack your backpack with the dragons skin and bones 5. Walk increadibly slow towards nearest town because you're "Carrying to much weight" 6. Sell his skin and bones 7. Profit 8. Remember you had a mission in the former area 9. Go back 10. Meet dragon 11/10 would love to play again
game-hours: 28.6
review: Pre-orderd on ps3, 3 years later gets gaming pc, plays on ultra.... whole new game.
game-hours: 89.5
review: Awesome game, mods equals near infinite gameplay!!
game-hours: 308.4
review: This game is the game of games
game-hours: 8.3
review: I killed a chicken in a village and villagers killed me. 10/10
game-hours: 204.4
review: FINALLY I GOT THE GAME. Best. Day. Ever.
game-hours: 26.9
review: Better than xbox version
game-hours: 21.5
review: Plenty of stuff to be able to do in this game. Hard to choose just what to focus on
game-hours: 233.2
review: ess gud gaim
game-hours: 101.2
review: After playing Skyrim on Xbox for so long, the switch to PC was the best decision ever. All the different mods you can get make this game that much more awesome. You will sink a lot of time into this game playing it and modding it.
game-hours: 115.7
review: Great Game! Recommend to everyone! but i would get the legendary version!
game-hours: 207.3
review: Possibly the greatest RPG of modern times.
game-hours: 179.0
review: Best Game of the World!
game-hours: 85.2
review: Seriously, with the modding community, this game has virtually the highest replayability of any game I have ever seen. There are new areas, quests, items, and events created nearly every single day.
game-hours: 70.0
review: Very fun, more simplified, RPG. I like stealth. This is unhelpful, I know, sorry.
game-hours: 53.3
review: I tell you what.
game-hours: 857.3
review: Its awesome.
game-hours: 263.0
review: Probably my favorite game. Not without its own glitches and hilarious bugs, but still an adventure worth undertaking. Hundreds of hours played, and I still haven't beaten the main story.
game-hours: 326.2
review: Really awesome. You shoulds try it ;)
game-hours: 79.7
review: I bought this game last night for five dollars during the steam summer sale. I played for about half an hour, but after having some troubles with making the game full screen I went to bed. Today at about eleven I decided to fix the issue and play for a couple of hours. After what I thought was a couple of great hours with the game I decided to exit out of the game and check the time. It was 4:30. Needless to say this game is awesome. 10/10
game-hours: 332.2
review: The ultimate time sink. I have not gotten sick of this game at all in the last 3 years, and I will probably never be sick of it. Truly an amazing game.
game-hours: 58.5
review: BEST GAME EVAAAAAR
game-hours: 302.3
review: love it
game-hours: 57.6
review: Skyrim is an amazing game. There are many great aspects, like the enormous world or the variety of options of who to talk to, what to do, who to kill, and much more. Skyrim is definitely worth the $19.99
game-hours: 179.3
review: The best open world Rpg game, and my favorite.In this game can be what they want and do whatever you want.
game-hours: 62.4
review: Good game, could have been better though
game-hours: 122.0
review: me wuz dis gam
game-hours: 84.3
review: This is a really good game if your a elder scrolls fan you might like this
game-hours: 263.7
review: This is probably my favorite game of all time. Endless hours of fun as the Dragonborn, maybe an unhealthy amount in my case but still. The one game I can play over and over again without growing bored of it. Endless paths to choose, endless areas to explore and dungeons to conquer. I fully recommend this game.
game-hours: 344.2
review: I didn't think much of the game when my cousin got it on console. I popped the disk in since I had it. Then 4 hours went by. 200+ hours later, I have a PC copy. 194 hours later, I write this review.
game-hours: 92.5
review: Wonderful game. Beautiful graphics, a large open map that is breathtaking to look at, and a solid combat system. There is so much content, you could play this game for hundreds of hours and still not get everything. Highly recommended.
game-hours: 443.1
review: This is my favorite game of all-time. The mod community is amazing
game-hours: 335.0
review: Goood <3
game-hours: 372.7
review: Horses can climb mountains. What's not to love about this game?
game-hours: 5.4
review: yes best game ever
game-hours: 72.4
review: Once you enter Skyrim, you will never be able to come out.
game-hours: 21.8
review: elder scrolls? more like elder drolls *does jerk off motion with hands*
game-hours: 304.8
review: You just can't go wrong with this game. I have over 190 hours of play time and there is still so much I have left to do. Great graphics. Great story. Great game play. Just a great game.
game-hours: 272.5
review: Its awsome you can install mods or create mods really easily.
game-hours: 304.1
review: This game is amazing... enough said...
game-hours: 94.0
review: IT HAS DRAGONS!
game-hours: 32.3
review: is good
game-hours: 36.3
review: A must have RPG. It's Oblivion on steroids.... with dragons...
game-hours: 314.7
review: This game is pure awsome.
game-hours: 173.2
review: Arrow to the knee i da funniest
game-hours: 299.7
review: Jesus Christ approves.
game-hours: 50.4
review: This is the most enjoyable free roaming RPG games you could ever play if you like fantacy this is the game for you.
game-hours: 245.4
review: I love this game for so many reasons. I started out with the reg version, but after seeing all it had to offer. I believed it was worth the investment to get the DLC's. You can explore for hours, do side quests, do the main story, hunt craft all sorts of items (even more can be crafted with workshop content), get trading cards, get workshop items for just about everything you could think of. and you will still find more stuff to do. I'm 100 hours in and theres still so much to explore and do. It's so worth the money. Espically the ledgendary which adds the wonderful DLC's.
game-hours: 1070.4
review: Make waifus and husbandos and go hunt wolves and draugr in this epic tundra simulation.
game-hours: 353.3
review: Good job.... now just make the final boss a little harder next time.
game-hours: 660.7
review: good game
game-hours: 870.0
review: This game is awesome, you never complete the game.But it would be nice if it where some more funny quests
game-hours: 201.5
review: It's skyrim. why have you NOT bought it?
game-hours: 140.9
review: Wanna waste your life away on the most amazing solo RPG game in all of mankind? This right here, and the extra content it totally worth it. The magic is in Solstheim!
game-hours: 161.7
review: i am now addicted. please help me. ' this game is ruining my life.
game-hours: 131.8
review: Skyrim is Love. Skyrim is Life.
game-hours: 197.2
review: Class
game-hours: 237.8
review: ING BRILLANT
game-hours: 67.8
review: This is a very fun game. I'd reccomend it.
game-hours: 40.5
review: This game is AMA-ZING!!
game-hours: 297.9
review: Wu Tang is fo tha children
game-hours: 110.0
review: I have played Skyrim for 6000Hrs on Steam but because all passwords were lost when my old computer was Hacked i find that steam cant or wont reenact my accout I cant access my old accounnt cos all data Disapeared. My user name was Wills661 and i had bought Skyrim from Steam.I had also paid for a account at Skyrim Nexus and Nexus wont let me access the acount. So take care to backup all your accounts or lose all paid acconts on a backup disc.I find Skyrim a marvellouse game to play but the onus remains with you to prove you have a account with Steam.
game-hours: 190.6
review: A vast game full of possibilities and adventures. Very good replayability, but mods are almost essential for a truly awesome and enjoyable experience.
game-hours: 344.2
review: Best. Game. Ever.
game-hours: 63.6
review: No Mods= good, but quite meh. Mods= THE BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 82.4
review: Jao, Henke.
game-hours: 97.3
review: U can punch a dargon to deaf.
game-hours: 38.4
review: Best Game Ever ! Completing all the Quests and Achievement gives you many, many hours of gameplay. And if that isn't enough, there's this thing for you: MODS! Seriously, Skyrim mods are the best thing ever.
game-hours: 216.2
review: One of the best games ever.
game-hours: 33.3
review: If this game was a potato, It would be a GREAT potato.
game-hours: 1184.5
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is the best game I've ever played. The amount of detail and care put into making this game it's insane! I've put Close to 800 hours into it and im STILL finding new places, people, and quest. Once you finish one quest line, you just move on to the next. From killing dragons and taking their souls, to casting a Firestorm spell to wipe out huge amounts of enemys this game has it. The world is yours in this game, and they're no accidents. Be who YOU wanna be weather it be elf, beast, or man. Overall this game is amazing. There are still a few bugs present but just save often and you should be fine. If you want the RPG game of the decade, and hours of dragon slaying and shouting words of power to freeze or burn your foes, then this is it. FUS RO DAH!
game-hours: 395.8
review: Kicked a bucket and killed someone. 11/10
game-hours: 395.0
review: Awesome game. with all the mods and subscriptions always something new to play with
game-hours: 157.5
review: Let's be honest here. You should already have this game.
game-hours: 96.6
review: Wonderful game, very versitile, and lots of quests to do. I just wish that the difficulty curve was a little higher the further up you go in level. It gets too easy to slay dragons.
game-hours: 615.0
review: True Gamers know the value brought to the table by Bethesda.
game-hours: 1191.5
review: Amazing Brilliant game with endless mods which means the game will live on.
game-hours: 209.0
review: Excelent
game-hours: 240.1
review: Its the , have a sniff.
game-hours: 125.6
review: this game is amazing for people who like rpg's and and with the wide variety of mods avalible on the steam workshop AND the skyrim nexus the game will never get old.
game-hours: 114.4
review: This game...THIS GAME...is... Epic. Pure and simple. This is what a video game is. What a game should be. Take it. Play it. Love it. And if there's something you don't like, there's probably a mod to fix it.
game-hours: 120.6
review: This game made me ejaculate so violently and explosively that I blacked out, waking up 2 weeks later with my house being robbed and my body being stripped completely bare. The only thing the robbers didn't take was my desktop, so I dragged my crusty naked body over to my desk and started playing Skyrim again.
game-hours: 117.5
review: You see those warriors from Hammerfell? They've got curved swords. Curved. Swords.
game-hours: 108.5
review: Epic
game-hours: 26.4
review: Best game going.
game-hours: 186.0
review: One of the best games out there, well worth the price. 10/10
game-hours: 67.7
review: A very expansive game, Skyrim's vast map is, if not the best, one of the best virtual world ever created. The map is full of things to do, prey to be hunted, ingredients to be collected, enemies to kill. Not to mention the random creature spawn that makes the world of Skyrim feels alive, not just scripted by the development team. When you turn that corner, there maybe some random NPC giving you quest, some guy walking along the road that can train you in your way to become a Speechcraft Master, or an old Orc warrior who seeks an honorable way to die. So much things to do, so much variety, which makes pouring hours upon hours on this amazing world feels exciting every single time. The main quest is epic, but compared to the many side quests in the world feels kinda dull. The freedom to build your own character is so liberating, particularly because of many strong arguments from many types of play. Add to that many amazing mods which has already been created, makes this a truly living game which always evolve with new content. Truly a great experience.
game-hours: 27.9
review: Cool game ,bro
game-hours: 117.6
review: One of the best games i've played. Great storyline, soundtrack and design!
game-hours: 131.1
review: Great Game love it, should play it.
game-hours: 95.8
review: Top draw, bang on the money
game-hours: 95.8
review: Top draw, bang on the money
game-hours: 26.3
review: This game is awsome and a must play when you buy the game your going to have a awsome time playing and if you get bored then get mods on the steam workshop thay will inprove your gameplay :) so good job steam Ten outa ten beat buy EVAR WARING:Game will cause lost of social live and events.
game-hours: 113.0
review: Was k.
game-hours: 165.2
review: I prefer Fallout 3 and Fallout new Vegs. Skyrim's landscapes and dynamic weather are stunning but Fallout 3 and Fallout new Veagas has the better gameplay/combat and more charming and quirky characters.
game-hours: 47.7
review: Such a fun game with great replayability and pretty much infinite mods. A must play
game-hours: 2.3
review: I had play the game on xbox 360 for more then 130 hours, but wow with the special at 20$ for all the package and the free hd texture package its a bargain for me. I will restart a new adventure from the scrath of one of my best game ever !!
game-hours: 19.0
review: This game should be a given.
game-hours: 175.1
review: Faffing About Simulator 2011 If you still don't know about Skyrim then congrats on your Nobel Prize that you've clearly won for developing a way to breath on Mars! 300 mods/10
game-hours: 538.1
review: Skyrim is beyond massive. The world is colourful and immersive, and there's always something for you to do. Want to rampage as a werewolf? Eat their hearts out. Want to mine and craft and sell? Go be a merchant and mine everything from everywhere and craft jewelry and armor and weapons! The game has everything and more. Its only downside is that it is TOO immersive; you can lose hours of your life on here without even realizing it.
game-hours: 45.6
review: With mods this game is just perfect! 10/10 with mods 7/10 without
game-hours: 4652.9
review: This is the game the never, ever ends. I picked this game up thinking I wouldn't like it having never played a previous TES game before. Sat in my Library untouched for about a month or two, and finally took the plunge. I was wrong. I was so very, very wrong. This is probably the best purchase I've ever made on steam. Add in the unlimited potential of modding, and it's an adventure that continues forever. I've probably restarted over a hundred times by now with a new character, and still only have beaten Alduin once. ONCE. There's still so much more do to and explore that I'm still discovering quests and areas and little hidden things. I still can't believe how much there is to do and I'm still finding more. At it stands I'll probably wake up one day having lost all touch with reality and actually start seeing the world as Skyrim with how much I've played. And I'm totally ok with that.
game-hours: 3210.9
review: Ruined my life. Five stars.
game-hours: 1164.7
review: If I had to choose between this game, and my girlfriend. I'd pick this game. EDIT: I'm single now ON A MORE SERIOUS NOTE: This game is the best in its genre. In previous Bethesda games they made a sad balance in between Questing, and Exploration. Some having more quests and less places to go, and others having very few quests and more places to explore. But in Skyrim, there is no shortage of quests, and if you are like myself and just wander around aimlessly, you will stumble into places that just blow your mind. Every time I have replayed this game, I stumbled into something new. For more info i'd very much recommend mods, with mods such as texture packs, difficulty, quests, armor, and weapons, this games replay value is endless. Go through the game once with plain skyrim, then mod the hell out of it. Overall I'd rate this game an EASY 10/10. If you haven't already. Please buy it, give it a little, and I swear you will be hooked.
game-hours: 150.9
review: >murdered Nazeem in the middle of town >carried him up to the Cloud District >threw his corpse down into some nearby water >retrieved his corpse >carried him back to the middle of town >guards see me, don't care >left Nazeem's corpse bent over a well >guard hard staring me whole time >decide to leave market place >accidentally hit "E" while looking at tomato >get sent to jail for stealing tomato 10/10
game-hours: 247.4
review: An epic game made all the more epic by the fact that it is so easy to mod and so well supported by the modding community. The Elder Scrolls series has a large following and often you will hear people argue over each new TES game comparing it to the last, but for me each TES game stands on its own merits, and Skyrim is no exception. The story is pretty good and there are plenty of side quests, but what makes Skyrim so great even when not modded is its large and open nature. This is a land you can just pick a direction and with no quest in mind and just explore. You will find danger and excitement on your journey ... and loot. Lots and lots of loot. But once you start modding this game, that is when you unlock the true value that is Skyrim. Potentially thousands more hours content (for free) in a game that can be improved ten thousand different ways from graphics, textures and sounds all the way to game mechanics and user interface changes. You can make the game exactly what you need it to be, and play it for so long you may still be playing when the next game in this series comes out.... and sometimes longer than even that. If you are interested in modding the PC version of the game, be sure to check out my guide for beginners:
game-hours: 148.5
review: A game where trying to interact with giants holding clubs turns into the funding of NASA's space program.
game-hours: 12816.1
review: Play it, mod it, play it again, mod it some more... It's a dangerous cycle: your pets will die of neglect and your friends will leave you. You won't care, you'll just install more mods.
game-hours: 92.5
review: I was stacking books on a shelf in my house in Whiterun, one of Skyrim's major cities, when I noticed a weapon rack right beside it. I set a sacrificial dagger in one slot, an Orcish mace in the other. They were on display for nobody but me and my computer-controlled housecarl, Lydia, who sat at a table patiently waiting for me to ask her to go questing. The chest upstairs was reserved for excess weapons and armor, the bedside table for smithing ingots and ores, the one next to the Alchemy table for ingredients. I'd meticulously organized my owned virtual property not because I had to, but because tending to the minutia of domestic life is a comforting break from dealing with screaming frost trolls, dragons, a civil war, and job assignments that never seem to go as planned. It's even a sensible thing to do; a seemingly natural component of every day existence in Skyrim, one of the most fully-realized, easily enjoyable, and utterly engrossing role-playing games ever made. Part of what makes it so enjoyable has to do with how legacy Elder Scrolls clutter has been condensed and in some cases eliminated. In Skyrim, there's no more moon-hopping between hilltops with a maxed out Acrobatics skill. That's gone, so is Athletics. The Elder Scrolls V pares down the amount of skills and cuts out attributes like Endurance and Intelligence altogether. There's no time wasted on the character creation screen agonizing over which skills to assign as major. You don't assign major and minor skills at all, but instead pick one of ten races, each with a specific bonus. High Elves can once a day regenerate magicka quickly, Orcs can enter a berserk rage for more effective close-range combat. These abilities are best paired with certain character builds  the High Elf regeneration is useful for a magic user  but don't represent a rigid class choice. Major decisions don't need to be made until you're already out in the world and can try out magic, sneaking and weapon combat, emphasizing first-hand experience over instruction manual study, letting you specialize only when you're ready. It contributes to the thrilling sense of freedom associated with life in Skyrim. Do a quest, kill a dragon, snatch torchbugs from the air, munch on butterfly wings or simply wander while listening to one of the best game soundtracks in recent memory. Despite the enormity of the world and the colossal amount of content contained within, little feels random and useless. Even chewing on a butterfly wing has purpose, as it reveals one of several alchemical parameters later useful in potion making at an alchemy table. Mined ore and scraps of metal from Dwemer ruins can be smelted into ingots and fashioned into armor sets, pelts lifted from slain wildlife can be turned into leather armor sets, and random books plucked from ancient ruins can trigger hidden quest lines that lead to valuable rewards. Skyrim's land mass is absolutely stuffed with content and curiosities, making every step you take, even if it's through what seems like total wilderness, an exciting one, as something unexpected often lies just over the next ridge. Many times the unexpected takes the form of a dragon. Sometimes they're purposefully placed to guard relics, sometimes they swoop over cities and attack at seemingly random times. In the middle of a fight against a camp of bandits a dragon might strike, screaming through the sky and searing foe and friendly alike with frost or flame. Momentarily all on the battlefield unite, directing arrows and magic blasts upward to knock down the creature, creating impromptu moments of camaraderie -- a surprising change from what may have been yet another by-the-numbers bandit camp sweep. Dragons show up often, their presence announced by an ominous flap of broad wings or an otherworldly scream from high above. The scale and startling detail built into each creature's appearance and animations as it circles, stops to attack, circles again and slams to the ground makes encounters thrilling, though their predictable attack patterns lessen the excitement after a few battles. In the long run they're far less irritating than the Oblivion gate equivalent from The Elder Scrolls IV, can be completed in a few minutes, and always offer a useful reward. Killing a dragon yields a soul, which powers Skyrim's new Shout system. These are magical abilities any character can use, you don't have to specialize in spell casting to slow time, throw your voice, change the weather, call in allies, blast out ice and fire, or knock back enemies with a rolling wave of pure force. Even if you favor sword, shield and heavy armor and ignore magic entirely, you'll still be able to take full advantage of these abilities provided you find the proper words  each Shout has three  hidden on Skyrim's high snowy peaks and in the depths of forgotten dungeons, serving as another reason to continue exploring long after you've exhausted the main quest story, joined with the Thieves Guild, fought alongside the Dark Brotherhood, or thrown your support behind one of the factions vying for control of Skyrim. Not only is this land under assault by dragons, long thought to be dead, it's also ripped in two by civil war. You can choose one side or the other, but so much of the allure of Skyrim is how, even outside of the confines of quest lines, the embattled state of the world is evident, and steeped in a rich fictional legacy. Lord of the Rings this is not, but with the release of every Elder Scrolls game, the fiction becomes denser, and the cross-referencing for long-time fans all the more rewarding. Skyrim's residents are all aware of current events. They'll comment on the civil war, some sympathizing with the rebels, others thinking the establishment sold its soul. The peasants complain about the Jarls who control each settlement, the Jarls complain about the rebels or foreign policy, the overprotective College librarian complains when I drop dragon scales all over his floor; many characters feel like whole, distinct personalities instead of vacuous nothings that hand out quests like a downtown greeter hands out flyers for discount jeans. Characters stereotype based on race, they double-cross at even the slightest hint it might be profitable, and they react to your evolving stature within the world. It makes a ridiculous realm, filled with computer-controlled cat people and humanoid reptiles, demon gods and dragons, feel authentic, like a world that existed long before you showed up and will continue to exist long after you leave.
game-hours: 68.4
review: Killed an old woman. Stole a plate. Got arrested. (Because of the plate). Fought a dragon. Stole a crown. Got drunk. Became a werewolf. Killed bees with fire. Followed a talking dog. Visited the old dwarven cities. Killed robots. Became an assassin. Killed the emperor. Got beaten to death by a whole town for stealing a cabbage. Became a respected general. Fought bandits. Poisoned mead. Stole cabbage again. 10/10 would Skyrim again.
game-hours: 477.1
review: At first you are like this games fun, then you are like woah there are mods and then you don't stop the mods and then the next thing you know you are playing as a giant with a strap-on fighting thomas the tank engine
game-hours: 213.2
review: A MUST HAVE FOR PC i completely love the elder scrolls series and i played the heck out of this on 360 but i recently bought it for PC and now i can mod it which makes it more fun and longer with all new quests and story lines. i highly recommend this to anyone who loves RPG games
game-hours: 31.0
review: I attacked a cow 8/10
game-hours: 132.6
review: such a good game a sequel is needed
game-hours: 138.2
review: This is an epic game. The greatest problem is that you will find yourself wondering, "Where did the last six hours go?" a few times a week. Overall 10/10.
game-hours: 403.9
review: One day you're playing as the Dragonborn, the next day you're a dragon fighting Thomas the Tank Engine. Some time after that you start collecting mods even though you don't play much anymore. 10/10 would repeat the experience.
game-hours: 199.0
review: Awesome time killer!
game-hours: 188.1
review: Great game to get completely immersed into.
game-hours: 32.7
review: no more social life 10/10
game-hours: 24.7
review: if you dont like this game you have a problem lol. it amazing.
game-hours: 19.3
review: Fus-Ro-Dah!
game-hours: 85.1
review: Dovahkiin!
game-hours: 107.3
review: One of the best games in existance!!!! There are a million things to do and if that's not enough for you there are so many mods, you will never get bored!!!
game-hours: 329.3
review: The modding of this game alone is worth buying it!
game-hours: 287.9
review: I can't say this hard enough. By far the best 1PRPG I have ever had the pleasure to play. Surprises around every corner. This game has a way of evolving around you at your pace. IMO no other game does it quite this well. "Choice! If you have the means, I highly recommend it."
game-hours: 66.7
review: elder scrolls V skyrim is one of the greatest games ever made. amazing graphics, mechanics, story, game play. I have nothing bad to say about this game.
game-hours: 88.8
review: Good game
game-hours: 12.0
review: Very good game!
game-hours: 271.5
review: Skyrim is love, Skyrim is life. Skyrim is a game that you can do anything, that you can't do in real life. Like getting a girlfriend, getting married, slay a dragon, be king, and much more.
game-hours: 24.2
review: This is one of the best games in my steam library, and I have some pretty good games. Lets get the worst out of the way first. (Theres not much) It can get a little repetitive when it comes to dungen raiding, but thats only if you never change your play style. Some of the animations are a little sketchy, but thats only compared to todays games. Now that thats out of the way, lets get to the good stuff. This game is amazing. The world is HUGE and has so many places for you to explore. Its got all of the things you need to RP if thats your style. (inns, carriges, fancy clothes, random items, ect.) It is a full on RPG with a skill tree for everything you could think of. (pickpocketing, lockpicking, archery, 2 handed, 1 handed, BEING A GOD**MN WEREWOLF, ect.) Its got so many quests that you probibly wont ever find them all without using a guide. The playtime on this game is the longest on any game I have ever played excluding MMOs. It seems the only thing this game is missing is online multiplayer. If ALL OF THAT is not enough for you, there is also a HUGE selection of mods in the steam workshop for you to add to your game and make it EVEN MORE EXTENSIVE. There is everything from Lord of the Rings weapons to Flaming horses to THOMAS THE TRAIN DRAGONS in the workshop. WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR!? BUY THIS GAME! 10/10 would write a super long review again.
game-hours: 17.1
review: I never was so elder scrolls fan but i tried game jus blow my mind game is so epic! 10/10
game-hours: 121.8
review: If you like playing RPG games you'll love this game.
game-hours: 48.9
review: Excellent game, climbed to the top of the highest mountain, jumped off, unloaded my inventory and watched it all fall away from me. I joined it shortly thereafter, bouncing along without a care. 10/10 would leap again.
game-hours: 17.0
review: Incredible. No other way to put it. Modding is amazing and vanilla is quite good. Basicly just Incredible.
game-hours: 77.7
review: This game is simply awesome its my second day having it and i have 26 hours. If you are thinking of buying it dont hesitate.
game-hours: 13.9
review: Good time killer and the base game does well enough. But if you want to get everything you can out of this game, prepare to mod it a fair bit for the experience you want. Otherwise, you might as well get it on console.
game-hours: 3152.7
review: Skyrim without mods is like water without a drinking glass. I highly recomend this game but there are few mods that should always be ran in it. Recomend you get Nexus Mod Manager and get your mods from Nexus. There are alot of mods that improve how the game looks. None of those are on my list below, so you can look for those if you have a PC that will run them all it looks like a next gen game. Here are the ones I recomend for game play. Core Mods: 1. SKSE - Extends the capability of mods created, Needed for many of the other mods 2. SkyUI - Redoes the UI so it no longer sucks on a PC. Much better. 3. The 4 Unofficial Patch Mods (Skyrim, Harthfire, Dragonborn, Dawngaurd) they fix hundreds of bug. 4. Immersive Patrols - Makes everything better as you run into patrols from all the factions as you move about. 5. Immersive Armors - Expands armors in the game 6. Immersive Weapons - Expands Weapons in the game 7. Immersive Creatrues - Adds more creature types, expands the ones that are in game and makes them stronger 8. Cloaks of Skyrim - No cloaks in the base game, can you believe it? This adds them. 9. Bellyaches New Dragon Species and Ohdaviing Replacer - Nice looking Dragons, and more varrieties 10. Deadly Dragons - Makes Dragons stronger. Configurable, make them as strong as you like. 11. VioLens - A kill move mod. If you want to adjust frequence and type of kill moves. 12. OBIS - A Bandit modification that makes bandits harder to kill and more unique. Quest Mods: 1. Helgen Reborn - Adds a quest line to rebuild Helgen 2. The Paarthurnax Dilemma - Adds options to part of the main quest, and lets you play more your way. 3. Moon & Stars - Perhaps the best additional quest line developed. 4. Dreadmyst Hollow - Very good Vampire/Horror Campaign 5. Wormstooth - Adds a small new land area and a really good campaign 6. The Shadow of Meresis - Really cool mod that has a kinda dumb ending. Still very worth playing. For a Touch of Oblivian in Skyrim add these, both great mods. 1. The Oblivion Realms Serie - The Gate of Solitude 2. The Oblivion Realms Serie - Morthal Pain Additional Follower Mods 1. Arissa - The Wandering Rogue 2. Sofia - The Funny Fully Voiced Follower (Note some comments from her are adult in nature) 3. INIGO - One of the coolest followers I have ever used. 4. Enhanced Skyrim Followers - Aela the Huntress: Not a new follower but makes Aela very cool and quest aware. Put those in and Skyrim will be twice the game (in play time) the base game was. THere are also many more good mods out there. I picked some of the ones I liked the best to list. This is a great game and a lot of fun to play again with a different selection of mods installed.
game-hours: 90.8
review: This has been my honest favourite game for a long time.
game-hours: 419.2
review: Skyrim has one of the best graphics of the games fron 2011 in my opinion. This game is not like the most games. You don't have to follow the mainstory, you can do other quests if you want, you can make yourself stronger. It's up to you what you do with your character. I really like that. It's refreshing. There is so much to do in this game, many choices. You can become the great hero, a very skilled thief, an assassin, you can become the greatest warrior and you can even marry someone. I would recommend this, just because of the nice landscape and the stories.
game-hours: 200.1
review: One of the best games i've ever played! You can put so many hours into this game without knowing. I recomend just starting off with no DLC or mods until you feel you know enough about the game (not story wise, but gameplay wise, because some mods can affect it). As for DLC, i would get Dawnguard and work through that, then get Dragonborn because Dragonborn can mess things up a little (i may have killed all of Riverwood because of some damn cultists). It doesn't really matter WHEN you get Hearthfire, but get it as it adds the nice touch of adopting some kids and making a hom for you and your family. Enjoy :D (i know you will)
game-hours: 54.9
review: the best rpg all of time , you can do whatever you like
game-hours: 116.2
review: This is by far one of my favorite games of all time. The Elderscrolls series has never once been a let down. It's filled with countless hours of quests and tasks for you to complete that will keep you playing for many months. I would highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys an open world with fun filled adventure.
game-hours: 14.1
review: Don't ask. Just get it.
game-hours: 119.7
review: The game is just ok. This game has so many bugs in it it's ridiculous. This is the only game i know of where if I am looking at its wikipedia site, i specifically go to the bug section to see if what happened or what I want to do is a bug or not. I told myself I'd beat this game when i started(not just the main questline but all quests) and I'm close enough to completion (non dlc) that I'm done. I felt that i was bored throughout the whole 100+ hours it took me to complete it. I would tell myself "Just keep going and get it over with so i can move onto the next game" I tried mods but it didn't make it any better(except for skyui)
game-hours: 125.5
review: As most people already know, this game is amazing. The vast amount of content is unbelievable. I have put in over 100 hours, and feel like I am only half way through. As much as I like this game, I want to point the issues that I have faced. - This game is not optimized for quad core processors. My rig can run most new games on max settings at a smooth framerate. Skyrim pushes my system to its limits. Even at medium settings, I experience hiccups and frame drops. - There is a large amount of loading in this game. Whenever you fast travel or enter/exit a city, you must endure a lengthy load screen. Although the screens are pretty, it gets annoying. I do not have a SSD, if you do, this may not be as much of an issue. Despite these two annoyances, I HIGHLY recommend this game. This game is a steal at $20 and if you get it on sale, you should be put in cuffs.
game-hours: 31.3
review: Absolutely perfect
game-hours: 138.8
review: Couple hundred hours later, still playing it. For those people who like to play long engrossing games, I'd recommend this title.
game-hours: 48.2
review: Bought twice For myself Yeah,I really liked it
game-hours: 13.0
review: super fun worth every dollar if u got a good laptop/computer to run it on beautiful graphics just for setting it to low loved playing it though my laptop cant run it without lagging sadly, killing a dragon is my fav part in the game and using magic and discovering new stuff items people etc. etc.
game-hours: 12.2
review: Bought it because of the Summer Sale and all the good comments everyone would make about this game. So far, I'm really excited and glad about this purchase. The game is somewhat serious, but really fun, and even under low graphics config it looks good. I recommend it for the RPG lovers.
game-hours: 59.2
review: FUS RO DAH!
game-hours: 54.6
review: Seemingly never ending, in a great way. 10/10
game-hours: 186.6
review: This game is great. I've spent hours adventuring in the land of Skyrim.
game-hours: 195.4
review: Highly addictive!
game-hours: 20.7
review: best game ever
game-hours: 3.6
review: One of the greatest games ever!
game-hours: 231.4
review: One word: Mods. They make this game enjoyable, and replayable for years to come.
game-hours: 22.3
review: Cool game and since I even made a few mods for it, have to recommend. :)
game-hours: 7.5
review: The Greatest
game-hours: 1241.1
review: Absolutely a winner! Very fun game with endless gameplay value. I have more than 1000 hours in the game so far and I have no intentions of ending my playtime with this title. If you are someone like me who suffers from alt-itis and remakes character after character to try new things, this game offers a myriad amount of ways to play. The abilit to mod the game only adds to its replay value and the Steam Workshop makes it very easy for people who have never modded a game before. Skyrim will always be an interesting place to visit.
game-hours: 70.4
review: Loaded up 100 mods, duplicated 3000 cheese wheels at the peak of the Throat of the World. CTD. 10/10
game-hours: 413.7
review: :3 Amazing >:D
game-hours: 5.7
review: Killed a chicken and got arrested. 10/10
game-hours: 194.7
review: Hey, this roleplaying adventure game is deffinetly worth a try! You can pick side (evil, good, holy) and be anythin you want, with all the realism included. Hey, dit rolespeel avontuur is zeker het proberen waard! Je kan horen bij wie je wil (duivels, goed, heilig) en alles zijn wat je maar wil, met alle realistische factoren erbij.
game-hours: 227.6
review: If you like open world games and enjoy fantasy settings then you have already played this game. If not get it now if your pc can handle it. I've rarely seen a game this gorgeous and with such rich story and excellent gameplay.
game-hours: 125.1
review: ,    .         . !
game-hours: 290.2
review: Extreme-RPG-addictive!
game-hours: 131.1
review: One of the best games ever made.
game-hours: 624.9
review: Sooooooo freaking fun!!
game-hours: 110.2
review: This game is VERY time consuming, With a ton of quests and sidequests to do it'll keep you busy. Upgrading your weapons and finding allies (Companions) to fight by your side or it can be a spawn of your own powers. I Highly recommend this game, Though I bought it for 7 dollars. Its well worth the full price too.
game-hours: 102.7
review: Attempted to try to pass the game without stealing/innocent murdering unless its required by mission. Failed 1 hour in. 10/10. Like Skrim with morals
game-hours: 102.7
review: could i say more..crazy game...rpg to the fullest...but glitches cld be a minor problem...work arnds available ...so no worries...but what a game ..the best ever made..maybe!!
game-hours: 455.7
review: Whether you're hunting Dragons, upgrading your house, or trying to shut up those stupid plants, there's plenty in this game to keep you going for hour after hour.
game-hours: 129.3
review: The best of games, the blest of games
game-hours: 445.7
review: I've had a serious addiction to this game for about three months. It's ruined my life. Or at least, it's reduced my grades from A's to C's and a few B's, ruining my sophomore year; damaged my emotional health from the sleep loss; and also destroyed my hopes of getting my driver's liscence anytime close to when my friends got theirs. Five stars. 10/10. Get the game.
game-hours: 2.1
review: Plays beautifully in CrossOver for Mac 13.x!!! Mac Pro OS X 10.9.x. ATI 5770 Graphics.
game-hours: 19.7
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a magnificant video game which really is different to most games that have been made, if not that then all games. The game takes you back to old Norse Scandinavia through to Celtic England. Playing through this game shall make you witness an accurate life of a Nordic Viking or a Redheaded Celt. The main questline is resolved around ancient Dragons that roam Skyrim and learning that you are not just an ordinary creature in this world but a Dragonborn. However, that is not even a quarter of the game. The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim also features ability for many mods and plugins for the PC users. Now for the nature. The game provides a large mixture of weathers that are all different and can be rare to come across in real life. From the usual clear skies to the Devil's thunder and lightning, then to the Northern light's of Scandinavia then fades away as the godlike sunlight shines on all life in the game. Not only is the Northern Light's feature spectacular but even the stars show at night and you can sometimes see other planets, the developers have put alot of thought into making this game unique and a truely unforgettable RPG experience. You cannot go wrong with the Skyrim soundtrack! the overall OST lasts about 4 hours. The music really does make you feel like you are actually in the game and that you were once a real Celtic Viking that spoke a Dragon language. Now what are the downfalls of this game? simple, NONE! Skyrim is not for the typical mainstream gamer that plays what everyone else is up to! If you like adventure, a game that can truely make your soul feel a thousand years old and experience fantastic music and landscape, then Skyrim is your dream come true. I have never felt so alive before, this game really did unleash my inner Viking. You can forget 10/10, Skyrim deserves infinity/infinity!
game-hours: 423.9
review: cool game.
game-hours: 191.3
review: Amazing game. Highly recommended.
game-hours: 13.1
review: Escaped a dragon, fus ro duhh'd, recruited a follower by punching her, gave leeroy jenkins heisenberg's hat, rode minecraft steve's pig. PC Skyrim is the best. Much better than Xbox 360 version. 10/10
game-hours: 519.0
review: Get it rightthenow.
game-hours: 21.3
review: SELL YOUR SOUL TO THIS GAME.
game-hours: 73.4
review: Out of all the Elder Scroll games in the series, I highly recommend this one. Ranging from the high snow-capped, blizzard raging mountain tops, to the lowest boundries of Skyrim that feel like your on Hell's doorstep, this game has it all. Monsters and Mythical creatures dwell in this land, along with many fun but dangerous quests that lead you to be one of Skyrim's greatest, the Dragonborn. When your feeling a bit lonely with all your amazing treasures and vast amounts of money, you can start your own family. Become really close friends with someone, and see if they'll marry you. With your new soul mate till the end, you can start thinking about where to live. With the HearthFire DLC (Downloadable Content), you can build your own house, or if you want to save the time and resources, buy a house in a City and raise your own children. Your travels then take you to the Island of Solstheim in the DragonBorn DLC, where you face off the world's most feared menace, the first Dragonborn. Learn new shout's, along with making new allies while in effort to thwart the corrupted Dovahkiin's evil plans, while befriending dragons yourself. After you return home to your family, you then hear more and more about vampire attacks around Skyrim in the new DawnGuard DLC. You seek out on what you can do to stop it, and learn about the DawnGuard, an ancient organiziation that was known for keeping malicious vampires at bay. With the DawnGuard DLC, you can either choose to be a good Samaratin and stop the evil plans of the dreaded vampire, or you can join the ancient order Volkihar to become a Vampire Lord. The choice is up to you. In the end, you have to face your greatest enemy yet, the World Eater, Alduin the dragon. Skyrim overall is a game mostly abaout dragons, you are too part dragon. I recommend The Elder Scrolls: V - Skyrim, to anyone who likes fun RPG's, that has a unique and intracit plot and storyline. I give this game a 10 out of 10 rating. I have been playing it since it first came out, and i'm still enjoying it to this day. Please consider getting this for your Xbox 360, PlayStation 3 or Pc. Try it, and see what adventures YOU'LL discover.
game-hours: 73.8
review: I got to climb to the top of a mountain on a vertical horse using a fat horse. 10/10
game-hours: 62.9
review: Epic...need i say more?
game-hours: 198.5
review: Shout at dragons. Play without mods for a fantastic casual RPG, with a large open world and many things to do. TES: V/10 Play with mods for the best possible gaming experience you can currently achieve on a PC. /10 There are no limits to how much you can modify the game. The only restrictions are your own technical skill levels, and hardware performance. Anything you want to do, you can do. Most mods you'd want already exist somewhere but if for some reason one doesn't then you can easily make it yourself. The Creation Kit is easy to use and writing custom scripts (to use with a script extender) is not much harder. Really this game is only as good as it is because of its modability and modding community. Without the mods I wouldn't even recommend this game to anyone.
game-hours: 11.3
review: This Game is Pure Fun, With Endless Things To Do and it Has Great Graphics!
game-hours: 775.1
review: I absolutely loved this game. I created a multitude of different characters and exploration never got old for me and after 700+ hours of gameplay that's saying something.
game-hours: 69.1
review: Great game, I have just started playing this on PC but i have put DAYS into it on Xbox since it first came out and even longer into Oblivion. Bethesda really does know how to make great games.
game-hours: 82.0
review: It's Skyrim. It will consume you.
game-hours: 68.5
review: super fweken cool
game-hours: 228.1
review: I've only met a handful of people who didn't like this game, and they never really played more than 5 minutes of it. This is the game that got me into gaming deeper than I used to be. And I can't imagine there isn't something for everyone who might love it. From being able to customize your character, and change there look, to the fighting style. While the Roleplaying isn't as great as Mass Effect, an open world game such as this does hold it's own.
game-hours: 260.1
review: Purchased at $25 At 249 hours, I definitely got my money's worth. It's not as memorable as Fallout 3 or New Vegas, but it's a technical achievement. The size and detail of everything, the sheer insane amount of stuff to do. The very refined combat and character raising systems. You'll run multiple characters with no regrets. Get mods though. They were what kept me playing for 200 extra hours.
game-hours: 322.2
review: DUH!
game-hours: 233.9
review: F**king amazing game! You like rpg fantasy games? Then get this s**t now!
game-hours: 398.3
review: Great game! I can't stop "losing" hours in this. This game will take over your life, but will grant you a pretty sweet one in return:D
game-hours: 574.5
review: Everything in this game is great, except the combat, combat is god awful.
game-hours: 387.0
review: My favorite game by far! The vanilla game has so much that you can do and then once you complete all the questlines, there is mods. Basically, this is a never ending adventure with new quests wherever you wish to find them. The list of weapons is endless and the gameplay is spotless. I definitely recommend this game to each and every one of you.
game-hours: 111.7
review: TRAIN SOUL ABSORBED 10/10
game-hours: 148.6
review: Best. Game. Ever.
game-hours: 75.3
review: great game if you like midevial rpgs that allow you to explore a complete new world
game-hours: 107.8
review: get if you want hours of fun
game-hours: 1045.4
review: its epic
game-hours: 180.1
review: Super sweet.
game-hours: 226.4
review: tons to do in the game and when you are done with about half of it you will find mods you want to try out then it gos from 1 mod to 5 and then before you know 200+ mods i know because it happened to me
game-hours: 49.8
review: Being a Dragonborn and kill innocent people roks! XD
game-hours: 117.0
review: i've died too many times from murdering chickens and then getting my  handed to me from 30 guards KFC/10
game-hours: 121.7
review: Best there is
game-hours: 26.4
review: Very good game and real open world That make you can travel and become what you want,i just play this game for 24 hours straight and i just realize I cant never finish this game == Or maybe this game have no end? Idk, lol But still this game is very good and you must try yourself
game-hours: 467.2
review: While the game is critically acclaimed the combat gets repetative. However the game is still fun because of the RPG elements such as gear, leveling and finding dragon shouts. I would recommend mods because they can flesh out the combat and make the world more appealing/realistic.
game-hours: 60.9
review: Can be a cat. 10/10
game-hours: 99.5
review: AWSOME
game-hours: 116.1
review: A bug occured where a dragon skeleton started twerking. 11/10 would fap again
game-hours: 43.1
review: By far one of the best games on Steam or any console.A must have for all serious gamers
game-hours: 215.3
review: Mod this game and it's one of the deepest, most absorbing game of the last generation. Without mods it's kind of shallow in my opinion, a problem I didn't have with the Fallout games. I can honestly say I've crossed the mark where there's no more fun in it for me, but trust me, you'll enjoy this one. It's awesome for the most part! Also, Thomas the Train.
game-hours: 235.2
review: I am going to keep this short, I have 186 hours spent on this game on my x box, it made me get my gaming computer now I have another 156 hours of SkyRim, I thought I liked Oblivion more, but the numbers don't lie. Lets do the math, 186 + 156 = 342, divided that by 24 is over 14 days I have played this game. Save yourselves this game will kill your social life, I had a girlfriend , now I have skyrim. The game is to good , so don't play it . 0/10 PS The mod support is awesome, steam is the way to go for SkyRim.
game-hours: 49.7
review: great game and the open world is great
game-hours: 245.3
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is critically acclaimed, and for good reason; it's a very solid open-world RPG, but is notably simpler and more 'casual' than its predecessor, Oblivion (which in turn was more 'casual' than Morrowind). However, while Skyrim is a good game on it's own, installing mods is a MUST, and with a collection as large as the Steam Workshop, the game can be modified to look as good as next-gen (as long as your computer can handle it), and the mechanics can be vastly improved or even overhauled. TL;DR: Skyrim is good, but Skyrim with mods is amazing. Play this game if you enjoy fantasy RPG's with large and detailed worlds.
game-hours: 173.9
review: I hope you don't have a social life, because this is a very addicting game.
game-hours: 76.1
review: I love this game!!!
game-hours: 219.9
review: Excellent game as vanilla, but flawless with mods. Definetly a game to look at if you have any interest in modding games or playing adventure, roleplaying or openworld games.
game-hours: 76.0
review: Great game! Highly moddable and addictive :3
game-hours: 36.0
review: you can be a werewolf!.......rip out peoples hearts and suck there blood out
game-hours: 64.7
review: *****Side Note***** Ignore my short time playing, owned it on PS3 first and played for 100.000s of hours. The single greatest game I have EVER played.And do you know what makes it better than the best? Mods.
game-hours: 172.4
review: Pros: Story/guild branches, magic system, open world, quest variety, graphics Cons: Bugs (CTD, graphical glitches), limited spell selection This is, in short, the best RPG I've played. For those unaccustomed to Elder Scrolls games: huge world, lots of character options & skills, epic story, great graphics, awesome community mods. Skyrim is a continuation of this trend, but better than Morrowind [and Oblivion]. For those who love Morrowind as much as I do: Skyrim is a bit better, it really is. AI is better, magic is INFINITELY more awesome, companions!, dragon fights, voice acting, etc. I expect great things when the Construction Kit is released. -- My roommate's also a huge Morrowind fan, and he loves this. We have radically different playstyles, and the great thing about Skyrim: they both work. We've each spent ~70 hours in-game so far. (Sorry, Daggerfall crashed too much back in ye olden times for me to play it substantially) This is the best game I've ever played.
game-hours: 6.9
review: I DIDN'T MOD ANYTHING BUT MY CHARACTER - SOURCE = NO ONE I don't really like this.
game-hours: 143.2
review: never played a game more than this!
game-hours: 191.5
review: One of the greatest video games ever made..A masterpiece and a must have in your library
game-hours: 63.0
review: Just one of the best games ever made, beautiful open world, great soundtrack, alot of hours to play and more... Just play it...
game-hours: 135.6
review: This is awesome. Don't just take my word for it, PC Gamer just named it the greatest game of all time. So, it's pretty good. :|
game-hours: 267.7
review: I highly recommend this game for anyone who likes RPGs with action, magic and ING DRAGONS. The content is almost endless. (I've played almost 200 hours and I haven't finished everything.) The dlcs are really fun aswell. Although they are a powercreep, they still add a lot to the game. Lots of new areas, items, monsters. But most importantly you can ride dragons. :D
game-hours: 205.0
review: This game is always exiting, beautiful, challenging and all around amazing. I beleive that Skyrim has set a new standard for all RPGs, even though it is over two years old now. And with the massive community of modders, it will only continue to thrive. Skyrim is without a doubt one of the best games I've ever played. 2/10 Would not bang.
game-hours: 273.1
review: Pretty well known game, latest entry in the Elder Scrolls. Lots of bugs have been patched up and some new features added, which makes it fun. Gameplay is good, but the graphics are lackluster given the time period it was released in. By itself, a good game. With the DLC, a better game. With mods, an absolutely great game.
game-hours: 175.2
review: Its freakin Skyrim m8. you wrekt witout it. get it
game-hours: 305.5
review: gud lel
game-hours: 50.7
review: Parfait; Love everything about Skyrim (had a very enjoyable changeover to the PC version from Xbox) especially the scenery, storyline and combat. Great community integration using the workshop. 10/10.
game-hours: 142.6
review: Jedna z nejlepch her, co jsem kdy hrl, u dn singleplayerovky jsem nevydrel tak dlouho, no a pbh je hoden Shakespearovi ;)
game-hours: 60.2
review: A wealth of exploration, combat and interaction. There's always something to do. Plus, the (brilliant) modding community expands the potential of this game infinitely. A must-buy.
game-hours: 136.3
review: Skyrim is great! Its super easy to lose your self in the amazing world and designs!
game-hours: 304.8
review: I sold some drugs to an homeless oprhan! 10/10
game-hours: 107.5
review: Just fantastic. 10/10. More play value than any other game on Steam. Thousands of mods extend play time for months.
game-hours: 13.3
review: Got axed to death by guards in suggestive attire after using my sword to play with a kids dog. 10/10
game-hours: 109.6
review: This game is amazing. Mostly because it's pretty impossible to be bored in it... there's just so much to do, and it's so easy to tailor each experience into something completely different!
game-hours: 131.0
review: get it
game-hours: 580.2
review: One of the Best Games Ever! It is what you want in every RPG, especially with the steam workshop for added content. This is one game I am glad to say I wasted my days on. This is in my top ten games of all time. Get this game and the DLC and you will not regret it. WHY ARE YOU STILL READING THIS GO BUY THE GAME ALREADY!
game-hours: 11.1
review: It's like Skyrim....because it is
game-hours: 545.1
review: One of the best games ever made 10/10*
game-hours: 324.8
review: A game that I enjoy each time I play through, Very fun and engaging world and interesting characters and plot overall one of my prefered games to play at any time and is in my top ten games of all time truely worth playing
game-hours: 44.2
review: The Next chapter in the sprawling Elder Scrolls series, for this we head to the land of the Nords a cold and unforgiving place, you start as a prisoner your destiny sealed, only for fate to intervene Much like every other game in the series, you have literally hours of gameplay ahead of you, plus the controls and combat system have been refined to feel more fluid, want to be a pure warrior smiting things with a hammer sure, fancy combining elements of magic and archery go for it While the main quest is fun, when the game really shines is in the amount of other stuff you can do, this is a completionists nightmare, there's so many side quests and mini games you could spend more than 40 hours trying to finish all those and still only be a quarter of the way through So install, enjoy and let bethesda take you on a sprawling journey of swords and sorcery, will you be a hero or a villian or maybe a little of both, the choice is entirely yours.
game-hours: 172.4
review: You can get mods, and beat the  out of random people 10/10
game-hours: 113.2
review: MODS MODS MODS!
game-hours: 405.8
review: Awesome open world RPG, high replayability and modability - Its a very worthy addition to the Elder Scroll series
game-hours: 453.5
review: Incredibly realistic and deep game world. If you had only $60 to spend, let your kids starve and buy them this game. They'll thank you in the long run.
game-hours: 39.3
review: One of the best games ever created, loads of fun is found.
game-hours: 1475.4
review: Great Game,can play for hours
game-hours: 479.2
review: So far best rpg game of 2011, 2012, and 2013! Bethesda has done it again creating another world in which, the player can become a living [art of the game! I recommend Skyrim for everyone who loves adventure and action! I give it a 10/10!
game-hours: 144.1
review: This is one of the buggiest, most broken, most unfinished-feeling games I have seen in a long time. It would take a very special game to make me look past all the (really glaring) issues and still have fun, and Skyrim is one of those games. It captures the feeling of adventure, of exploration, of excitement over the smallest things, more than most any games I've ever played. Wouldnt call it a masterpiece, but its most definitely worth your time and money. (plus the game is extremely moddable, so you're getting a potentially limitless amount of playthroughs without it feeling stale, not even mentioning the entirely new games people have made with the engine. Bumps up the value quite considerably, in my opinion.)
game-hours: 141.3
review: This game is soooooo coool,that it will keep you occupied n the first 100-200 hrs,but doing this without boring ya.This game is...awesome....just like....a.......GTA V MEDIEVAL EDITION!!!TYou can marry,have a child,be semi-naked,be over-armored,kill unknown people,corrupt guards,change the Jarls,take part of the civil war,make quests(I love this game cuz you get money if you make quests,not experience.This is cool because,let-s say that you are blocked on a mission.And what do you do to level up?Go kill some chickens!)You can also know the date and the hour.It rains,snows,you can see more aurora-borealis,maybe the sun even make you blind(for some secs).You can be the normal man,the civilian,who does have a house,a family and a job.You can be the dragon-slayer that searches for beasts of the wild with his arrows and his axe.You can be the madman that kills everyone in his path,whenever it is good or bad. You can be the warrior with you armory and followers.Or,maybe you like the mage.Some magic will harm anyone.Or,if you do not like to be violent,you can just steal. Warning:The game contains Gods,Anti-gods,Dragons,Crabs,Bandits,,FUN,AWESOMENSS and SKYRIM! No dragon was harmed during this review.
game-hours: 30.3
review: AWESOMEEEEEEEEEEEEE
game-hours: 296.2
review: i stepped on an empty bucket and it spazzed out, hit my dude in the face and killed me 9/10 game of the year
game-hours: 118.3
review: its a good game
game-hours: 97.3
review: shieeeeeeeeet
game-hours: 296.8
review: 10/10 sweetrolls
game-hours: 102.0
review: This game is amazing. Especially the dragon glitches. they're hilarious. This game is 10 out of 10.
game-hours: 23.0
review: Fus Ro Dank. Get this game.
game-hours: 896.0
review: 3 Words: BEST GAME EVER! It got so much cool and fun stuff and the gameplay and story is so amazing! If you don't like this game, you don't like any games at all! WARNING: This game ruins your life, when you have played it for a while, you won't be able to stop. This is totally addictive! *sigh*
game-hours: 1003.0
review: Nice Graphics, Even a lot better with mods. Fun Gameplay, a lot of cool Quests and a great modding community. Basically everything a RPG Fan could hope for!!!
game-hours: 119.6
review: :D buy it now
game-hours: 337.3
review: Epic, enough said
game-hours: 125.0
review: If you dont play this game, ill find you and rip you throat out... Masterpiece.
game-hours: 311.7
review: this is an amazing game
game-hours: 343.3
review: It doesn't suck
game-hours: 289.7
review: Best game ever.
game-hours: 50.7
review: awesum
game-hours: 54.1
review: It's a really-really good game on it's own. But not until its modded does it become a great game...
game-hours: 1070.1
review: Abandon all hope ye who enter. While this may appear to be a simple game about killing dragons, it is actually the programming embodiment of Cthulhu... It will ensnare you with the tentacles of exploration and crafting, and pull you in deeper and deeper to the detriment of your life. Soon you will be spending thousands of dollars on new computer equipment in an attempt to have more realistic water. This is due to the dark horrifying truth... Once you start, this becomes your life, and everything else is merely a gut-wrenching distration designed to keep you away from the real world. If you have any hope of living a real life, getting married, having kids, etc; for the love of all that is good, turn back now, and leave this door shut...
game-hours: 63.5
review: Frikken Amazing Game reccomend to everyone!!!
game-hours: 828.5
review: 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 404.4
review: What can be said that hasn't been said before except, Skyrim is 90% of what a truly perfect PC RPG should be; all that it requires is the level of interpersonal communication that is found in the Dragon Age series and it would be the perfect game.
game-hours: 2.4
review: I love it.
game-hours: 1253.1
review: This game ruined my life. In a good way.
game-hours: 237.4
review: One of the best open-world RPG game ever
game-hours: 33.4
review: This game made me shout fus-ro-dah in real life to see if it would work; unfortunately, it didn't. But, I found the game immersive and a lot of fun and I got that going for me which is nice. 11/10
game-hours: 170.3
review: Pruzaan Zuwuth Deykel kred alun vorohah. Nuz fos really wahl daar kred pruzaan, los mods. Currently Keizaal lost biggest modding nahlimaar ko ahkos. Hi vis mod enook geinan truk ko daar kred, hi for nii, hiim overhauls, zuk veydo, liinus miil, realistic dovah, hahtaar wund. Replay ahreyn los oblaanvu waan hi mindok fos mods hi med, hi vis wahl Keizaal hin siifur kred. Waan hi understood fos Zu'u wrote, ruz hi los Dovah. Waan tovok fahvos dii Dovah tinvok noot los krent niil dahik Zu'u mii ing Dovah Tinvok rotuniik Zu'u rund nauvozahkel. Zu'u highly recommend daar masterpiece do kred. 10/10. Hin mom vunut snowberries.
game-hours: 287.8
review: Wow. This is the first game that I can never get tired of, even years after the release. It is plain as day, one of the best games of all time to me, because of it's sheer potential with modding and the overall game itself. Everyone should have this game.
game-hours: 407.6
review: By far one of the best open world games if not the best, and can be made even better with the DLCs and mods.
game-hours: 14.6
review: This game is great for people who are looking for a good way to pass a few hours as you can explore the vast area of Skyrim as well as slay dragons, get better equipment or if you're in the mood kill inicent people that live in the citys
game-hours: 104.0
review: Everything you've read and heard about this game is real: is THAT awesome. It's very important that you install a clock mod, because you'll know when you start the game, but not when you'll stop playing.
game-hours: 22.2
review: I've said this amidst all the hype when it was initially released and I'll say it now; It's not as good as Oblivion. It's still great, I love it. The addition of wyverns fills the void of lacking variety in the environment. I've not played the DLC but it allegedly adds a lot. I recommend it.
game-hours: 30.2
review: dis gaem ish gud
game-hours: 263.4
review: Amazing graphics, great gameplay but can get boring at times. Make sure to try out some community-made mods after you're finished! All in all, a great addition to The Elder Scrolls saga! :D
game-hours: 372.0
review: I FRICKIN LOVE IT ! I have played this game forever and it never ends wow ! I actually think that you will never see or do all the things you can do in this game. well worth whatever you have to pay to get it. what i like the most is no internet is required talking bout old school install and play....Thank The Gods ! there are not enough hrs in the day to play this game. Mods are out standing and plentiful. when world of warcraft server was down i could always fall back on skyrim, no log in required, no password no internet just launch and continue where you left off....no cloud to deal with, no strain on system resources, no third party app to deal with. prior elder scroll games are the same....just do it if you love hack and slash, magic and dragons in your face first person or third person style....your choice.
game-hours: 43.9
review: What other game on Steam lets you fight giant, flying, fire-breathing Macho Man Randy Savage as a topless anime babe?
game-hours: 140.0
review: Who need thief games when you can steal guards clothes without them being noticed. 10/10
game-hours: 528.8
review: What else can I say that hasn't been said. Endless hours of fun and so many character skill choices and combinations that it rarely gets boring. Just find your favorite play style: fighter, mage, thief and get started today!
game-hours: 100.6
review: with mods i can murder children
game-hours: 110.4
review: halp me...
game-hours: 93.4
review: Its a good game,on sale most of the time,so buy it if you don't have it.Also,OVERSEXUALIZED MODS EVERYWHERE!!
game-hours: 1.9
review: What can I say nothing really ..... this game was gifted to me by a good chum the end
game-hours: 18.9
review: Awesome game, totally love it. The exploring part got a little boring at first but that's my only complaint. 20/10
game-hours: 462.1
review: How can you not at least beat this masterpiece?
game-hours: 186.1
review: Best rpg game i've ever played
game-hours: 54.1
review: skyrim is by far my favorite game to play. I can play for hours at a time without wanting to stop
game-hours: 14.0
review: Skyrim is a good RPG, but not a great one. I have been an avid fan of the Elder Scrolls series since Morrowind back when I was a wee lad playing that lovely dirt-colored game on my brother's original Xbox back in 2003-2005. Anyways, I was expecting this game to be a more refined version of Oblivion, which has a special place in this Cuban's heart, but Skyrim was different. It felt targeted for a broader audience, not one the typical Bethsesda RPG fan like me and many others. Forgive the word, but Skyrim is the epitome of a casual RPG. If my brother, the same brother who bought Morrowind for me and my other brother back in 2003 but hated it, can sink hours into this game like it was Call of Duty, then it definitely is a casual RPG. Does that make it bad? God no! Skyrim is an extremely pretty game that I would love to indulge myself in if I had more time to. I just feel like if anyone can pick, swing a sword, and kill  in an RPG, it is casual. Try doing that in Oblivion against some tougher creatures and your  will become mudcrab food along the shores of that bloom covered and colorful land.
game-hours: 138.9
review: this game is very addictive and amazing so if you are prepared to abandon your social life, i recommend playing this game
game-hours: 24.0
review: Well, this is one oft he best games I have ever played. Moving between Third and First Person views is nice. Story is nice. Graphics are WONDERFUL! And the game itself is really hard sometimes. Beats Triple-A titles of 2014 easily.
game-hours: 289.8
review: The best Elder Scroll ever !
game-hours: 13.8
review: 10/10 Would bang.
game-hours: 85.8
review: If it hasn't crashed yet, install more mods. That's how I play this game, yet I have spent more than half my time playing this game trying to troubleshoot it. 9/10, could have more hair options in character creator.
game-hours: 36.7
review: Imagine yourself wetting your pants. Now imagine how delightfully warm it is when you first start to feel your urine slip down your hairy legs. Its so comforting and awe inspiring. Now imagine the sticky cold feeling that follows. That cold feeling is Dota 2. Skyrim is really fun though.
game-hours: 385.6
review: Ok, I have played this game through multiple times, and I have played more hours than Steam shows because at first I was only playing it on the Xbox 360. Then I realized how much better the PC version of the game was! So since that realization I have been exploring the land of Skyrim on PC only. Now, on the PC you get access to extras like high resolution textures and many many mods. Modding makes the game almost endless. So if you want a great looking game that is also a great playing game then I recommend Skyrim. There is so much to do & different ways to do it each time, and its one of the games I return to when I get bored with the other 120+ games on my account.
game-hours: 4652.9
review: This is the game the never, ever ends. I picked this game up thinking I wouldn't like it having never played a previous TES game before. Sat in my Library untouched for about a month or two, and finally took the plunge. I was wrong. I was so very, very wrong. This is probably the best purchase I've ever made on steam. Add in the unlimited potential of modding, and it's an adventure that continues forever. I've probably restarted over a hundred times by now with a new character, and still only have beaten Alduin once. ONCE. There's still so much more do to and explore that I'm still discovering quests and areas and little hidden things. I still can't believe how much there is to do and I'm still finding more. At it stands I'll probably wake up one day having lost all touch with reality and actually start seeing the world as Skyrim with how much I've played. And I'm totally ok with that.
game-hours: 3210.9
review: Ruined my life. Five stars.
game-hours: 1164.7
review: If I had to choose between this game, and my girlfriend. I'd pick this game. EDIT: I'm single now ON A MORE SERIOUS NOTE: This game is the best in its genre. In previous Bethesda games they made a sad balance in between Questing, and Exploration. Some having more quests and less places to go, and others having very few quests and more places to explore. But in Skyrim, there is no shortage of quests, and if you are like myself and just wander around aimlessly, you will stumble into places that just blow your mind. Every time I have replayed this game, I stumbled into something new. For more info i'd very much recommend mods, with mods such as texture packs, difficulty, quests, armor, and weapons, this games replay value is endless. Go through the game once with plain skyrim, then mod the hell out of it. Overall I'd rate this game an EASY 10/10. If you haven't already. Please buy it, give it a little, and I swear you will be hooked.
game-hours: 150.9
review: >murdered Nazeem in the middle of town >carried him up to the Cloud District >threw his corpse down into some nearby water >retrieved his corpse >carried him back to the middle of town >guards see me, don't care >left Nazeem's corpse bent over a well >guard hard staring me whole time >decide to leave market place >accidentally hit "E" while looking at tomato >get sent to jail for stealing tomato 10/10
game-hours: 247.4
review: An epic game made all the more epic by the fact that it is so easy to mod and so well supported by the modding community. The Elder Scrolls series has a large following and often you will hear people argue over each new TES game comparing it to the last, but for me each TES game stands on its own merits, and Skyrim is no exception. The story is pretty good and there are plenty of side quests, but what makes Skyrim so great even when not modded is its large and open nature. This is a land you can just pick a direction and with no quest in mind and just explore. You will find danger and excitement on your journey ... and loot. Lots and lots of loot. But once you start modding this game, that is when you unlock the true value that is Skyrim. Potentially thousands more hours content (for free) in a game that can be improved ten thousand different ways from graphics, textures and sounds all the way to game mechanics and user interface changes. You can make the game exactly what you need it to be, and play it for so long you may still be playing when the next game in this series comes out.... and sometimes longer than even that. If you are interested in modding the PC version of the game, be sure to check out my guide for beginners:
game-hours: 148.5
review: A game where trying to interact with giants holding clubs turns into the funding of NASA's space program.
game-hours: 12816.1
review: Play it, mod it, play it again, mod it some more... It's a dangerous cycle: your pets will die of neglect and your friends will leave you. You won't care, you'll just install more mods.
game-hours: 92.5
review: I was stacking books on a shelf in my house in Whiterun, one of Skyrim's major cities, when I noticed a weapon rack right beside it. I set a sacrificial dagger in one slot, an Orcish mace in the other. They were on display for nobody but me and my computer-controlled housecarl, Lydia, who sat at a table patiently waiting for me to ask her to go questing. The chest upstairs was reserved for excess weapons and armor, the bedside table for smithing ingots and ores, the one next to the Alchemy table for ingredients. I'd meticulously organized my owned virtual property not because I had to, but because tending to the minutia of domestic life is a comforting break from dealing with screaming frost trolls, dragons, a civil war, and job assignments that never seem to go as planned. It's even a sensible thing to do; a seemingly natural component of every day existence in Skyrim, one of the most fully-realized, easily enjoyable, and utterly engrossing role-playing games ever made. Part of what makes it so enjoyable has to do with how legacy Elder Scrolls clutter has been condensed and in some cases eliminated. In Skyrim, there's no more moon-hopping between hilltops with a maxed out Acrobatics skill. That's gone, so is Athletics. The Elder Scrolls V pares down the amount of skills and cuts out attributes like Endurance and Intelligence altogether. There's no time wasted on the character creation screen agonizing over which skills to assign as major. You don't assign major and minor skills at all, but instead pick one of ten races, each with a specific bonus. High Elves can once a day regenerate magicka quickly, Orcs can enter a berserk rage for more effective close-range combat. These abilities are best paired with certain character builds  the High Elf regeneration is useful for a magic user  but don't represent a rigid class choice. Major decisions don't need to be made until you're already out in the world and can try out magic, sneaking and weapon combat, emphasizing first-hand experience over instruction manual study, letting you specialize only when you're ready. It contributes to the thrilling sense of freedom associated with life in Skyrim. Do a quest, kill a dragon, snatch torchbugs from the air, munch on butterfly wings or simply wander while listening to one of the best game soundtracks in recent memory. Despite the enormity of the world and the colossal amount of content contained within, little feels random and useless. Even chewing on a butterfly wing has purpose, as it reveals one of several alchemical parameters later useful in potion making at an alchemy table. Mined ore and scraps of metal from Dwemer ruins can be smelted into ingots and fashioned into armor sets, pelts lifted from slain wildlife can be turned into leather armor sets, and random books plucked from ancient ruins can trigger hidden quest lines that lead to valuable rewards. Skyrim's land mass is absolutely stuffed with content and curiosities, making every step you take, even if it's through what seems like total wilderness, an exciting one, as something unexpected often lies just over the next ridge. Many times the unexpected takes the form of a dragon. Sometimes they're purposefully placed to guard relics, sometimes they swoop over cities and attack at seemingly random times. In the middle of a fight against a camp of bandits a dragon might strike, screaming through the sky and searing foe and friendly alike with frost or flame. Momentarily all on the battlefield unite, directing arrows and magic blasts upward to knock down the creature, creating impromptu moments of camaraderie -- a surprising change from what may have been yet another by-the-numbers bandit camp sweep. Dragons show up often, their presence announced by an ominous flap of broad wings or an otherworldly scream from high above. The scale and startling detail built into each creature's appearance and animations as it circles, stops to attack, circles again and slams to the ground makes encounters thrilling, though their predictable attack patterns lessen the excitement after a few battles. In the long run they're far less irritating than the Oblivion gate equivalent from The Elder Scrolls IV, can be completed in a few minutes, and always offer a useful reward. Killing a dragon yields a soul, which powers Skyrim's new Shout system. These are magical abilities any character can use, you don't have to specialize in spell casting to slow time, throw your voice, change the weather, call in allies, blast out ice and fire, or knock back enemies with a rolling wave of pure force. Even if you favor sword, shield and heavy armor and ignore magic entirely, you'll still be able to take full advantage of these abilities provided you find the proper words  each Shout has three  hidden on Skyrim's high snowy peaks and in the depths of forgotten dungeons, serving as another reason to continue exploring long after you've exhausted the main quest story, joined with the Thieves Guild, fought alongside the Dark Brotherhood, or thrown your support behind one of the factions vying for control of Skyrim. Not only is this land under assault by dragons, long thought to be dead, it's also ripped in two by civil war. You can choose one side or the other, but so much of the allure of Skyrim is how, even outside of the confines of quest lines, the embattled state of the world is evident, and steeped in a rich fictional legacy. Lord of the Rings this is not, but with the release of every Elder Scrolls game, the fiction becomes denser, and the cross-referencing for long-time fans all the more rewarding. Skyrim's residents are all aware of current events. They'll comment on the civil war, some sympathizing with the rebels, others thinking the establishment sold its soul. The peasants complain about the Jarls who control each settlement, the Jarls complain about the rebels or foreign policy, the overprotective College librarian complains when I drop dragon scales all over his floor; many characters feel like whole, distinct personalities instead of vacuous nothings that hand out quests like a downtown greeter hands out flyers for discount jeans. Characters stereotype based on race, they double-cross at even the slightest hint it might be profitable, and they react to your evolving stature within the world. It makes a ridiculous realm, filled with computer-controlled cat people and humanoid reptiles, demon gods and dragons, feel authentic, like a world that existed long before you showed up and will continue to exist long after you leave.
game-hours: 68.4
review: Killed an old woman. Stole a plate. Got arrested. (Because of the plate). Fought a dragon. Stole a crown. Got drunk. Became a werewolf. Killed bees with fire. Followed a talking dog. Visited the old dwarven cities. Killed robots. Became an assassin. Killed the emperor. Got beaten to death by a whole town for stealing a cabbage. Became a respected general. Fought bandits. Poisoned mead. Stole cabbage again. 10/10 would Skyrim again.
game-hours: 477.1
review: At first you are like this games fun, then you are like woah there are mods and then you don't stop the mods and then the next thing you know you are playing as a giant with a strap-on fighting thomas the tank engine
game-hours: 77.0
review: What ever you do DON'T TYPE IN CAQS!
game-hours: 224.3
review: Get this game. Why are you questioning it? It is amazing!
game-hours: 71.9
review: You can go to space in this game by communicating with one of the giants. 10/10 would sweetroll again
game-hours: 190.6
review: The legend that is Elder Scrolls V. It would be impossible to fit in all the amazing things Skyrim has to offer, even to list the basic features and mechanics of the game would create a review lasting pages and pages. The game has an amazing story that is revealed to you depending how much you put in. You start the game, sandbox style you can follow the suggested story or head off and do your own thing, filling your knowledge with the history of the world, races and characters the story becomes more and more clear to you. Dangerously immersive, hundreds of hours worth of gameplay, perhaps easily the game of the decade, century even. Only bad point, why didn't they hire more voice actors?
game-hours: 89.0
review: best game ever
game-hours: 115.8
review: This game is TRULY great. 1. Free Roam RPG: Not much video games are like this, especially with the WONDERFUL graphics Skyrim has to offer 2. Creation Kit: A tool that comes with Skyrim. SUCH AS... If you were getting tired of the game and you are ABSOLUTELY Over Powered, you can create your own NPCs, Dungeons, and Items and customize them. Once you are done, you can upload them to the Steam Workshop to show other people your newest creation / mod. 3. Choices: You can have an AMAZING amount of choices in Skyrim. You can become a mage, warrior, theif etc... and with that, you can apply your skills in-game and play IN the game 4. Add-ons (DLC) Hearthfire: You can get married, ADOPT children and Freaking MAKE YOUR OWN HOUSE! Dawnguard: You can become a vampire, learn about Skyrim's history and uncover amazing ancient artifacts Dragonborn: You can learn more about Ancient Nords, the Dragons and Dragonborn in this game. Dawnguard lets you travel to different places that were unaccessable before installing the content. (Same with Dragonborn DLC) 5. Abilities: In Skyrim you can cast magic (Destruction spells, Conjuration Spells - my favorite- and more), have recreational skills (Speech, Smithing, etc...) or Fighting Skills (Archery, One-handed weapons, Two-handed weapons etc...) This game is truly REMARKABLE. You should really consider buying it.
game-hours: 70.1
review: Bought this game years after its release yet this is already a classic that will survive time, with a neverending set of mods to improve quality at this pace this game may have decent modern graphics for a the next decade. For the price steam sales have been making this huge game is a steal. This game will keep you hooked for days, weeks, months exploring the gorgeous landscapes of the huge world full of little secrets here and there. The only negative point is that you may not have time for your own life, seriously play it during some holidays or something because this game may absorb you.
game-hours: 288.1
review: AMAZING. Immersive. A huge map with enemies galore. Many quests to keep you continously occupied for hours on end. Truly a well made game.
game-hours: 43.7
review: Shouted my follower off the top of High Hrothgar and he survived. 10/10
game-hours: 72.7
review: Addictive and amazing
game-hours: 0.9
review: Oh my god, Such good game...!!
game-hours: 15.5
review: 10/10 love to play this game theres just so much to do i never get bord
game-hours: 75.3
review: Doesn't get boring after 500 hours. 10/10 would buy again.
game-hours: 62.6
review: You can kill dragons! 10/10
game-hours: 1.5
review: yo kanye here, this game is in  this  im kanye west haha lolol
game-hours: 0.3
review: Incredible game, astonishing immersion and epic storyline. I played this for more than two years and I got to say I still feel like I could do more. If you get bored, there is a ton of mods, which are, in my opinion, the best part of the game. I used to think mods are useless and bad for the game until I tried in this one.
game-hours: 189.8
review: Overall: The Elder Scrolls: Skyrim is an action RPG by Bethesda Game Studios and was published by Bethesda Softworks, it is the fifth instalment in the Elder Scroll series. Noteable: You cannot choose a class in Skyrim, it allows for a more diverse gameplay, this game is about freedom of choice. Visual: The game looks very good but like any open world game it cannot compete with most other high- visual fidelity games. The point however where TES:Skyrim exceeds is the way the world feels. Skyrim feels and is massive and I can guarantee that your first hours in-game will feel extra awesome due to the impressive mountains and vast plains. Combat: The combat is a big part of the game and it too feels quite good. The hit-boxes have been improved and you can feel a little bit more impact when you hit someone in the face with the mace of Molag-Bal. The use of magic had me personaly impressed when I played it for the first time but it is outdated compared to some newer titles like TES:O. Sadly compared to the rest of the game the combat seems average, like in the previous titles it looks like you are hitting the air most of the time, it has become better and the finishers help too but nevertheless it's still not perfect. Sound: The sound design is great, beside the plainly awesome music, the timing for it is well put too. Voice acting also sounds fitting most of time. The combat sounds aren't as great as the rest but not bad either. Story: The main story and quests lack some variety at some points but they are nothing you'd get bored of quickly. The game is set in a world that feels alive and the quests reflect that. Options: There is a fairly good selection of options for Skyrim as it is expected from a PC game. Everything that you can't do is probably possible through using the (PC exclusive)console or (the also PC exclusive)mods. Conclusion: Better looking, better sounding and more accesible, I consider The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim to be the best RPG known to me despite some problems. NOTE: No, I haven't played Morrowind.
game-hours: 367.1
review: Amazing game!
game-hours: 70.9
review: Game Thrones on acid
game-hours: 109.8
review: isrlygud
game-hours: 138.1
review: Get this now!
game-hours: 74.3
review: You kill people, 10/10
game-hours: 19.2
review: Who needs family or friends when you can kill dragons! 10/10
game-hours: 318.3
review: Skyrim is a very great game. To start off it has a great story. Your a prisoner thats going to get executed. You were captured by Imperials. The Imperials are in a giant war with the Stormcloacks because the Stormcloacks claim that Skyrim is their home. Anyways back to being a prisoner, you're about to be executed but., then a dragon appears giving you time to escape and to realize that dragons are coming back. Not only that but, you also find out that you are dragonborn. Someone who can absorb dragon souls and stop the dragons for good. Gameplay is very addicting. You have skill levels that increase the more you use them. Each skill level helps with a certain type of warrior. Assassins benefit from alchemy and sneak. Knights and barbarians benefit from heavy armor and 2 or 1 handed. Mages benefit from enchanting or destruction magic. This helps you maintain the character that you want to make giving you a lot of choices. This game is filled to the brim with quests whether they be mundane or very important. There are plenty of guilds to choose from that help you build the type of character you want. AI in this game can be stupid sometimes, especially the followers. There are also a lot of NPC's that use the same voice actor but, overall skyrim deserves a 10/10 Get it, Duct tape your  to your chair and play it.
game-hours: 122.1
review: I love this game everything is great the only thing missing is the lack of co op.
game-hours: 1066.8
review: Unless you've never played a game before, you'd probably heard that Skyrim is a great game and one of the best there is. People have been playing this ish since 2011 and this game is still going stronger than some AAA games released in 2014. Get it. PS: The people I've seen unimpressed by Skyrim seem to have gotten the idea that it's the GTA verson of the middle ages, honestly that's more related to the open world aspect and not the fast-paced fighting. Skyrim is more skewed towards exploration and adventure than combat. That being said, combat is still p sweet as far as I'm concerned.
game-hours: 13.2
review: Keep on moddin'
game-hours: 785.5
review: Best game I've played in the past 7 years. Better than Oblivion and probably the best elder scrolls game made to date. They hit this one out of the park. Its quite possibly one of the top 5 games I have ever played in the past 30 years of gaming and I am hard to please. In a world where games are more hype than substance, this is one of the rare titles that not only lives up to the hype but most likely exceeded it. If you only buy one game from now untill you die.....make it this one. They need to stop making elder scrolls games because they won't top this one.
game-hours: 22.0
review: FUS-RU-DAH
game-hours: 104.6
review: Skyrim has been around for quite a while now, but in any case it is just as fun as the day it was released. I originally played hundreds of hours of Skyrim for xbox, but when I got into pc gaming I knew Skyrim was a title worth buying again just for the mods. 11/10 just based on the amazing mods out there.
game-hours: 29.7
review: This might possibly be one of the greatest RPG's of all time. I would buy this in a heartbeat and I'm sure some of you agree. This game will always be remembered. The modding community has kept this game alive and still going strong for nearly five years. If you want an open world RPG that's immersive, has an amazing soundtrack, and want to be lost in the large amounts of lore this series has to offer, get it. It's the game for you. You can also expand your experience with the DLC's. Unlike its console ports, TESV features an unprecidented amount of mods that can add hours and hours to the total play time. I took a moment on plenty of occassions to take in the views from Throat of the World. It's on of the only games that has a truly beatiful (and mod-able) skybox, with stars and moons giving light at night, along with nice shadows cast in the trees down in Falkreath. I also killed Braith, hiding her body on a building ("hiding") 10/10- "Like Far Cry 3 with bows -IGN
game-hours: 49.2
review: Well, it's Skyrim- it has Dragons, Epic quests, A LOT FO STUFF to do, epic spells and equipments, amazing feel to it. Stop reading all the positive reviews and get it, you won't regret it. A bar for TES VI has been set. 11/10
game-hours: 6.7
review: Skyrim cu moduri hentai. DAAAAAAAAMNN! try. GG pentru joc.
game-hours: 32.4
review: awesome game man
game-hours: 248.5
review: This game was great , once ive gotten into it i couldn't get away from the monitor , i recomend buying this game to whoever is thinking of doing so :)
game-hours: 901.3
review: Freedom to do what you want, pick a spot on the horizon and just go there. Controls are great to use, great scenery and some nice battles, lots of places to explore and things to find in dungeons, caves, towns, farms, etc. you can also create magic potions, make armour, weapons, increase your skills with skill books, traps to avoid and lots of quests to do too.
game-hours: 5.5
review: Great game
game-hours: 1298.1
review: Greatest thing sinced sliced bread 10/10.
game-hours: 16.7
review: One of the best games ever created. Seriously, buy the game.
game-hours: 17.1
review: Want to see a dragon ? Play this :)
game-hours: 148.7
review: 3 words: "Fus Ro Dah" i am sorry did i push you away cause you know i am a dovahkiin.3 hours i give 3 hours of exploring fighting shouting sneakng stealing transform into a werewolf or even...ride a dragon for someone to love this game.Sometimes i feel sad and i just put on the game and just waiting in the start menu for the music...and this is going on and on and on in my mind every day every hour every minute what would i do next time.Perhaps i will go mining to gather suplies for smithing no boring i am going to steal the suplies. Or i am going to become a werewolf and freak them out oh wait they fight back wait what i can eat their heart. And then there is this gaurd that has an arow in his knee...you know...the adventurer. Wait what i finished the main quest and all the sides ones?(lets say 80 hours of gameplay) now what i am bored.Whats this there are mods for this game? What? i can be a giant? i am sure this is a dream otherwise how can you explain thomas the tank engine? Anyway those are just the tip of the iceberg. Come on see for your self its just Skyrim and its awesome. how awesome? hmm there are dragons in it...
game-hours: 11.0
review: is rly good
game-hours: 28.3
review: epic adventure! terrible for someone with A.D.D.
game-hours: 263.1
review: Hard to top some of the early Elder scrolls games, but Skyrim stands up to their franchise expectations. ESO... not so much.
game-hours: 73.9
review: best ever
game-hours: 146.9
review: I bought Skyrim a while ago as an impulsive buy. I didn't play too much at first because I was busy. My roommates started to play regularly and so I decided to start playing more. I LOVE THIS GAME!! I believe that this is one of the greatest games that I have ever played. I Didn't expect to play as much as I have. In a flash I had reached 100 Hours of play time. I recommend this game to anyone who likes open world games. There is so much to do!
game-hours: 164.4
review: One of my favorite games of all time!!! and the workshop makes it even better!!!
game-hours: 1.1
review: Awesome game. I put hundreds of hours into it via Xbox. I decided I wanted to buy it for PC so I could check out the mods. My computer exceeds the system requirements on the sale page. We bought 2 copies, only to find out that even on the lowest quality setting, the movement was jerky and horrible, making combat nearly impossible. Just a warning... it seems like you're computer has to be a lot better than the listed requirements. The game itself, though... AMAZING! Even with all the glitches, I've put more than 500 hours into it.
game-hours: 151.8
review: Woo!!!!! Skyrim rocks!
game-hours: 1.3
review: It's Skyrim, what is there to say that hasn't been said already? All I know is if I hear the words "arrow in the knee" one more time...I'm going to just snap.
game-hours: 4.6
review: One of the best RPGs of all time. I love the console version but the mods on the pc are the best. The game will never get old.
game-hours: 97.2
review: Mods 5/5 PCMAG
game-hours: 106.9
review: playtime says it all
game-hours: 223.9
review: possibly the greatest game of all time
game-hours: 2.7
review: If this game was a potato, it would be a good potato.
game-hours: 15.4
review: Finally bought game in Steam, 10\10 guys, the game is really awesome
game-hours: 139.6
review: Killing dragons with a ing sword and epic music. Theres also dragons u can kill, with a ing sword.
game-hours: 6.1
review: yes, very fun game
game-hours: 173.7
review: Skyrim has everything you want in a game. Good visuals, good story, good combat, and a great amount of variety. This game does a great job at immersing you into this world and keeping you there. It has dragons, werewolves, magic, vampires, otherworld gods, dark elves, mystery, "robots", tragedy, humor, awesome loot, and epicness. What you experience is based on how far you want to venture into this world and on top of all that, you have the steam workshop to add even more.
game-hours: 51.0
review: If you have it on console SELL IT!! PC IS BETTER!
game-hours: 412.0
review: OMG! You buy this game now, yes!? You buy it now, yes!? You buy it! No, but seriusly... Take my word for it AND BUY THIS GAME! That's all I'm going say... Oh, and I give it a freakin' 9/10 for the original game. Original as in not modded, as in the game that actually comes from the box or steam or whatever, ya know. Who plays Skyrim without mods nowadays anyways? AAAAAaaaannnnd... *DRUMROLLS* A 10/10 for the ability to mod this game like there's no tomorrow! I bet you did not see that one coming. :D Buy this game, else I'm going to find you and PUNCH YOU IN THE THROAT! Just buy this game, thnx. :)
game-hours: 381.0
review: this is one of the best games i played so far and if you like viking time and dragons this is a game for you, you can even blow people back for meter with the "fus ro dah". buy it people it is a really good game
game-hours: 67.6
review: So this game, you're at the rim of the sky and you go to triumph to victory but then your knee becomes engulfed in pain as an arrow flies into it.
game-hours: 230.5
review: Incredible RPG with tons of things to do, places to explore and suprises to uncover. 10/10
game-hours: 611.7
review: This is the game that has accumulated the most hours in my steam library. Even past the supposed "300 hours of gameplay" I still find this game fun to play. Then again, I suppose the fun never goes away when there's always new mods coming out on the Steam Workshop. Definitely 5 out of 5 stars.
game-hours: 153.1
review: Oh My. A++
game-hours: 353.1
review: Best Game NA
game-hours: 104.1
review: Dragons and stuff.
game-hours: 3.9
review: 10/10 Used to play on the Xbox all the time until I learned of the PC Master Race. Can't wait to mod the hell out of this!
game-hours: 11.4
review: Just an overall great game if you're into The Elder Scrolls series or just into RPG's. You won't have a dull moment playing this game and with all the mods there's endless amount of fun!
game-hours: 3.4
review: Mod, Mods, and more Mods! Great game even better when modding!
game-hours: 107.9
review: If I were to compare this game with a candy bar, I'd compare it to Domino's pizza AND WE'RE NOT REBELS 9.5/10.
game-hours: 78.6
review: Great sandboxey, but the main story gets bogged down in giant boring nonsense that you've seen a few thousand times. All the extra stuff is more interesting and engaging. I was actually sad when I had nothing but the main quest left and couldn't be bothered finishing it there. But that was still 80 hours running around, reading books, meeting people, getting involved in weird little quests. Just, bleh on the main story. But who really just does the main story in these?
game-hours: 150.6
review: Skyrim is a lovely game for anybody who seeks an adventure and an action-packed game! I love how I can literally go ANYWHERE and even after playing this game for about a year, I'm still learning new things. Plus I think this game is even more amazing because I killed Heimsker, the obnoxious Talos worshipper in Whiterun. Though I just really wish I can kill Braith, the little brat in Whiterun, with my bare hoofs.
game-hours: 24.5
review: An outstanding and great-looking game, with an unlimited amount of gameplay-time. If you don't have it, buy it. If you have it, play it. Enjoy.
game-hours: 208.6
review: I just love the smell of Dragon Breath in the morning!
game-hours: 478.9
review: Playing this game unmoded is alittle unberable but once you have say goodbye to your life...
game-hours: 177.9
review: One of the best games I've ever played. There are many options and the skill tree is awesome.
game-hours: 155.4
review: Honestly, this game remains as the best game I've ever played. If you've never played it, you're missing out BIG TIME Gameplay - 11/10 This game is extremely enjoyable all the time. Graphics - 9/10 You can easily improve this with mods but I think vanilla skyrim is beautiful too. Replayability - 10/10 I made countless new games just because I wanted to roleplay. I didn't care that I had to do all the quests again because they were so enjoyable. If you haven't bought it already, buy it. It beats any newer game I've seen on steam.
game-hours: 100.3
review: Pretty fun, can cosplay as cat.
game-hours: 290.7
review: Really immersive gameworld, with a lot of interesting characters and sidequests. The boss-battle in the end is , but everything else is amazing. Also MODS. MODS EVERYWHERE. Don't like Skyrim? Mod it into something completely else. There are so many ed up mods you wouldn't even believe it. Holy ing . 10/10 it's okay - IGN
game-hours: 97.8
review: good game
game-hours: 162.2
review: Do I really need to recommend this? Is there anyone who thinks it might not be fun? Well, it is a blast, and a big improvement over Oblivion. I have spent a bunch of time playing this one and have barely touched the main quest.
game-hours: 208.2
review: Get. It.
game-hours: 106.2
review: Is the best game ever
game-hours: 764.4
review: pretty okay
game-hours: 319.7
review: This is one the greatest games to ever exist ever.
game-hours: 5.1
review: good
game-hours: 13.9
review: If you love RPG game and the freedom to do what you want this is the game for you! Hundreds of quests to do and places to explore in the land of Skyrim also there are good mods to extend play and add content eg, weapons, armour, quests and new races. One of my favourite games ever played over 250 hours on my 360 and had to buy it for PC.
game-hours: 392.8
review: This game does not have levitation. This game does not have spellcrafting. This game has immersion breaking fast travel. This game has the dreaded "quest markers". This game has limited and repetitive dialogue. This game is set in a flat, grey, and bleak environment. This game is amazing. 10/10.
game-hours: 349.7
review: FUS RO DAH!
game-hours: 89.1
review: C'mon, this is even better than Oblivion, if you liked that. Not just a hype, it's a real legend of a game. But then again I love every RPG game ever...
game-hours: 521.6
review: The gameplay mechanics (Fighting, leveling, scaling, lockpicking.. etc.) are not a huge achievement, but they are still very good and can keep a player entertained. The best thing I find about this game is the overly expansive world. With 450 hours invested I still come back to play it and find quests I have never done. Or found a new book that made me laugh. With the addition of mods from places liek the skyrim nexus this game definitly is a 10/10
game-hours: 165.6
review: Is pretty good game, though i miss Sacha!
game-hours: 368.7
review: Recommending this is a no-brainer. UI not up to PC standard/potential, mods strongly recommended.
game-hours: 50.1
review: Awesome Game
game-hours: 4.7
review: Killed a dragon, got killed by a dragon, made Shrek 11/10
game-hours: 57.8
review: Very good, the modding community is also fantastic. If you're one of the 3 people who haven't played Skyrim, I reccommend you do.
game-hours: 2582.0
review: Just to be simple..yes
game-hours: 4.3
review: Great game 10/10
game-hours: 134.3
review: Mods, Mods everywhere
game-hours: 318.6
review: 300+ hours of playtime later I can certainly say that Skyrim has quite a bit of content... It's a vast expansive and ridiculously pretty completely open world filled with monsters, ruins, interesting stories and just so much STUFF to fight, explore and loot. Plus if you ever run out f stuff to do, there's the workshop with a near-infinite supply of very decent user created content. For me it'll always be something I'll return to every once in a while. I'd guess the only downsides to this game are the fact that the main questlines (as opposed to say, Oblivion) are somewhat on the short side and that the population of Skyrim is a bit scarce (you'd really expect to run into just a few more people in the capitals), also watch out for the random vampire attacks with Dawnguard that will decimate your population if you're a bit unlucky (mods can fix that though).
game-hours: 118.2
review: Great, and even better when bought on sale.
game-hours: 41.4
review: Best chicken killing simulator
game-hours: 6.9
review: One of the best games ever.
game-hours: 5.0
review: Awesome game, easy to run and doesn't take an amazing PC to play 10/10
game-hours: 68.9
review: The most entertaining game I've ever played.Mere perfection.
game-hours: 344.2
review: ...and when I need to escape from my life for a while, I turn into a dragonborn girl and explore a new world. And when I feel lonely, I return to reality and go drink some coffee with my friends. Skyrim is filled with great stories, odd creatures and wonderful places which makes us want to explore it's world even more. As we're allowed to make choices within the game, we feel we're holding our own destiny and we're compelled to write our own dragonborn story. If you haven't tried it out yet, go for it and get lost in it's awesomeness.
game-hours: 121.7
review: If you like adventure this one is for you. BEST RPG EVER
game-hours: 52.3
review: I do ever so love this game. Cheers to Skyrim!
game-hours: 61.7
review: I have been a huge fan of Elder scrolls and have been playing from Dagger falls got this one and worth every pennie i recomend this to fan of RPGS
game-hours: 64.1
review: Fun, braindead game with great modding. The enviroments are pretty, the dragons work well, and you probably know all of this because who hasn't made up their minds about skyrim already anyways?
game-hours: 48.4
review: Just Graphics Just Story I'm down ._. <3
game-hours: 431.2
review: There are baskets in this game, but there are no basketballs
game-hours: 114.2
review: Worst 160 hours I've ever played! Deffenently recommened wasting your money on possibly the worst game you will ever play. Every time I play it I'm that bored that I can't turn it off and have to play it for hours on end. Just incase you don't get sarcasim It's deffently worth a purchase the best game I've ever played by far a MUST!!!!! purchase.
game-hours: 80.8
review: I has a loli that killz dragoons. -Mods 10/10
game-hours: 152.3
review: cool
game-hours: 154.1
review: Just plain old good fun!
game-hours: 184.7
review: IZ DA
game-hours: 67.8
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 78.5
review: Great game :D
game-hours: 66.2
review: You will waste many hours of your life on this game. So much to explore, and although some of the underground areas get repetitive, i still just keep coming back because the whole game just looks gorgeous.
game-hours: 11.9
review: With hours and hours of extended playtime given the mods, it's sure one of the best I have ever played.
game-hours: 35.6
review: Killed a Dragon. Celebrated by smacking a giant around. He gave me flying lessons. 10/10 would fly again
game-hours: 142.3
review: Epic! Epic! Epic!
game-hours: 245.3
review: ABSOLUTELY AMAZING......The story lines are solid, the game immerses you in a world where you really do feel like the Dragonborn... When you level up on character perks you'll find yourself in a position where you'll struggle to choose because there are so many options...The landscape and biomes are very well done as well as the voiceovers and combat... Playing it in 3D is amazing however the shadowing needs work... The replayability is excellent, you'll be playing this one for years....If you are thinking about buying it...just buy it.....10/10
game-hours: 130.8
review: heel goed spel waar je jezelf uren in kunt vermaken zelfs een paar jaar na de release date
game-hours: 179.0
review: this game is just HAAAOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHH! get some mods and this game will keep u busy for months.
game-hours: 120.5
review: I have bought time game 4 times so far. One on my console, where I played for over 200 hours before starting a second character (then playing for another few hundred hours across other builds). I have bought it for my PC and if you are a fan of the game on console and are unsure if it is worth it... It is. The ability to mod this game is just amazing. There are so many amazing mods. From SkyRE to change the combat up, ENB and other visual mods (Static Mesh Improvement Mod is the most notable for me, along with water and flora mods), Falskaar to add new lands... This game just keeps on giving and giving. Twice have I bought the Legendary Edition on sale. Just because it was on sale and GabeN pls. It makes a nice gift, except that the game's so awesome that everyone has it. I highly recommend this to anyone who has not got it.
game-hours: 145.1
review: The game that is much more lifestealing than Dota 2. 11/10.
game-hours: 53.3
review: Zajebiste w  c:
game-hours: 984.7
review: This game ruined my life. 10/10
game-hours: 71.6
review: Very Elder-Scrolls-ey A++
game-hours: 142.6
review: It's SKYRIM, and on Steam, you have access to Workshop. I bought this game twice (PS3). Never regretted it once. It's amazing.
game-hours: 45.7
review: I am a quest , but I can play this game for hours and hours and hours without a goal. I love catching butterflies and selling loot to the highest NPC bidder.
game-hours: 108.9
review: So addicted this game XD
game-hours: 227.0
review: i didn't finish the movie becaue i was crying too much. i give it three wet kisses.
game-hours: 246.1
review: There's dragons and goats and talking dragons and non talking goats; overall this game is cooler than your mother's floral print granny panties. BUY IT NOW!
game-hours: 78.4
review: Steam Workshop makes it a millon times better, console commands make it possible to work around game breaking bugs, and its just better overall
game-hours: 127.8
review: Amazing game, best RPG I've played in a long time. Unfortunately Bethesda don't seem to be able to make a game without it including loads of bugs which really lets this game down. The game is perfectly playable, I've finished it a couple of times and when you're bored of the game you can install mods which is a big plus :)
game-hours: 182.1
review: One of the best games in the steam library
game-hours: 8.0
review: I played this game in a pirated version.. Bought this game on sale... A true Open World game... Literally, you can screw with every item around you... get into rooms, places.. etc.. The Mission mode is also flexible... you can do it on your own pace (relaxed or hardcore)... In terms of open world, This is the BEST OPEN WORLD GAME!!!!
game-hours: 347.5
review: one of the best games ever buy it , you won't regret it :)
game-hours: 43.9
review: Canada, but with weapons!
game-hours: 157.0
review: Skyrim is by far my all time favorite game. The story, the graphics, and the adventure is what makes this game so awesome. I will always love The Elder Scrolls series.
game-hours: 408.8
review: This is not so much a recommendation for the game ... that speaks for itself ... no ... this a a recommendation for the community that supports it. I'm an older gamer with very little computer knowledge so the idea of modding scared me. The Skyrim community patiently guided me through the process as slowly my product knowledge increased and were always there to answer my damnfool questions. And because of them I now have a wonderfully modded game which I understand (mostly) how it all works. And so to this community .... a great big thumbs up .... and many thanks
game-hours: 98.4
review: Skyrim, making giants follow you into the mountains so that you can shout them off. 10/10
game-hours: 33.5
review: this game is amazing, i got this game for 4 bucks, but i would pay 60 if had to. its hard to wrap your mind around when you consider this game has mod support. for those who dont understand what this game is, it is an open world rpg and its massive. 10/10
game-hours: 117.3
review: Huge open world RPG, lots of quests to do and many places to explore. Some of the quests I find boring, and the game also has an in game feature (especially on console) called a bug. If you go to the wiki and look at the bugs; you will most likely encounter every single one. I felt that the storyline to the game lacked, but its still a good game. If you don't like the story, just don't do it.
game-hours: 51.5
review: I personally loved this game. Its very expansive and you'll never run out of things to do, find, and kill. If you use mods your gonna get on at Christmas and get off at Christmas THE FOLLOWING YEAR! So, yes I very much love this game.
game-hours: 32.4
review: I enjoyed every second of TESV: Skyrim 10/10
game-hours: 160.1
review: This game is my Fav so Far
game-hours: 194.8
review: Too many mods will kill your game though. Totally worth it.
game-hours: 116.6
review: Definitely not the best TES game. Not by a longshot. Still, it's decent. I could sit here and write a scathing review of what I think Bethesda did wrong, but nobody really cares about that. If you're new to The Elder Scrolls or RPGs in general, you're probably going to enjoy this game. It's a big, open world with lots of things to do that really won't punish you for your actions. Sure, some of the choices you make are going to have an impact on the game world and all that, but nothing overly major. The leveling system is revamped and actually makes sense in a lot of ways, even if the developers didn't use it to its full potential. The combat is enjoyable and your enemies are always around the same level as your character, so things shouldn't get to difficult for you. If you're an older fan of the series, you're definitely going to need to get a few mods to get this game in a playable state. Or a lot of mods. Probably a lot. I heartily recommend Requiem to start off with. You're pretty much going to find a way to enjoy this game one way or another. There's a ton of mods out there for it, so you can potentially turn Skyrim into whatever you want it to be (or what it should've been... unfortunately there's not much that can be done for Bethesda's uncharacteristically ****** quest writing) if you know what you're doing and you take your time. And by "take your time," I mean don't be an idiot and go and find a bunch of mods and install them without reading the description/Readme (they are called that for a reason, you know). So um, yeah, after all of that rambling, I recommend this game.
game-hours: 122.0
review: ther has dogs on it, ye
game-hours: 191.4
review: Great Game, Almost Endless Replay-ability and immense Storylines.
game-hours: 14.1
review: Amazing game, graphics are outstanding with a very entertaining storyline.
game-hours: 51.8
review: Great game full of in-depth lore, and endless character possibilities, It is a very mod friendly game too.
game-hours: 133.0
review: Pretty much the best game of all time, 11/10 would reccomend
game-hours: 241.0
review: Very simply put , the best game ive plaed in years. There is somthing here for just about everyone. So many hours of enjoyment for the money invested , the best bang for you buck on steam. This is a must have!
game-hours: 205.4
review: One of the best open-world RPG's you can lay you're eyes on. I have 120+ hours on Steam and many more on other platforms so I have quite the knowlegde of this game, being a TES fanboy as well. Very recommended! GET THIS GAME!
game-hours: 50.3
review: Awesome as ever
game-hours: 133.0
review: awsome as always
game-hours: 303.6
review: Best game of all time :D
game-hours: 12.7
review: Got hit by a Giant and became a rocket. 10/10
game-hours: 197.9
review: NOT as good as TES IV: Oblivion, but still a masterpiece in RPG History.
game-hours: 147.1
review: Must have RPG!!! Awesome gameplay, graphics and totally captivating!
game-hours: 657.1
review: Quite possibly the greatest game ever made at the moment. Free roam RPG's are the future! Now to get this DeLorean to 88mph so i can play future games of this style! Fallout 4 next please.
game-hours: 44.9
review: I can ride Thomas the Tank Engine mod it until it crashes/10
game-hours: 37.7
review: First of all, get this game, you will not regret it. This game is a fantasy RPG that is quite literally amazing in every aspect and version of the word. This game not only has thousands of capable hours of play time but with mods, it can add way more time and fun to the game, including weapon mods, compainion mods, and quest mods too! You can download some mods off of the steam workshop but NMM (Nexus mod manager) is another great way to get awesome free mods! This game is built for any play style so if you wanna sneak around and assassinate people or go two handed weapon badass, or just be a spell caster, the choice is yours! I recommend this game with all my heart and you will not regret buying it!
game-hours: 524.5
review: There! Finally got this f***er out! Done everything! Saved everything! Killed everything! Read everything! Listened to everything! ... then i took an arrow in the knee.
game-hours: 208.2
review: What's to say, it's Skyrim. If you like open world RPGs, killing dragons, and/or being a punchcat, it's the game for you.
game-hours: 244.4
review: verry entertaining game, playable many times with differnt experiances every time
game-hours: 13.3
review: the best game ever
game-hours: 73.3
review: Plus facile d'accs que Morrowind, plus complet qu'Oblivion, LE RPG grande echelle du moment !
game-hours: 130.9
review: Good RPG game. Awesome adventures. Infinite hours of fun. BUY THIS IN' GAME N***A!!!
game-hours: 21.6
review: Fapping Awesome and Fapping Awesome Mods
game-hours: 142.6
review: BEST GAME ON STEAM :)
game-hours: 193.1
review: Il V capitolo della saga The Elder Scrolls non si fa davvero mancare niente. Trama avvincente, quest secondarie molto divertenti ma soprattutto il fatto di non essere vincolati ad una classe particolare, permette a qualunque giocatore di vivere un'esperienza unica ad ogni partita. I paesaggi inoltre sono molto curati e gli ecosistemi funzionanti sono una vera chicca. Bethesda purtroppo ci ha sempre abituato a bug di ogni sorta, ma con questo titolo  sempre in costante aggiornamento per fixare tutti i minimi problemi che possono presentarsi. Miglior gioco di quest'anno senza dubbio.
game-hours: 180.5
review: good game
game-hours: 40.7
review: Holy  this game had me playing it for 8 hours straight. GG
game-hours: 326.8
review: Awesome game. The storyline and openworld - Love it :D
game-hours: 679.6
review: 700 hours in - 5 times completed everything - modded to make it prettier than nextgen games.. YEP THIS MIGHT BE GOOD... BRB need my 6th completion! ;)
game-hours: 2.4
review: Free-roamed for 400+ hours, saw no dragons. 10/10.
game-hours: 470.1
review: Still discovering new things after 400 hours played. Can't recommend enough.
game-hours: 7.9
review: Killed a chicken, everyone wants be dead 10/10
game-hours: 63.4
review: I've spent countless hours on this game across multiple platforms yet I'm still finding new things all the time. This game works especially well on PC because of the extensive modding community and enhanced graphics pack that comes free of charge. I'd recommend this game to anyone, a must have for any gamer.
game-hours: 212.8
review: So much fun! Hours of gameplay amazeing-ness! Also, days on days of gameplay in the workshop! Just, an amazeing game.
game-hours: 55.7
review: This is game with TONS of things to explore. Do what YOU want in a big world... And if that isn't enough, mod the heck out of it till you are satisfied.
game-hours: 14.3
review: 09:00am - I gonna play this game just for 10 minutes, thats it! 22:00pm - wat time is it again?
game-hours: 151.1
review: super good game
game-hours: 221.9
review: Haven't played in months. Finally picked it up again on my new comp and was very pleased to see that Steam had saved all of my Skyrim saves online. Many kudos and thanks to them and to Bethesda. True story: The first 5 minutes back from hiatus I was ruthlessly murdered by a dragon. I couldn't stop smiling so I promptly came here to write this review afterwards. What a wonderful game this is.
game-hours: 255.1
review: Its a fun game
game-hours: 239.1
review: Walking around in a vast open heroic fantasy world as a strong warrior, a battlemage or a sneaky rogue, fighting dragons and other monsters. 'nuff said. And to complete that, so many mods made by fans...
game-hours: 203.2
review: This game has alot of content in it. I've never liked RPG, but this one geez it's epic!
game-hours: 603.2
review: best game i have ever played!
game-hours: 68.5
review: By dis gaem if u liek de dragons and magic shoutingz. also i am a lizAerd and my Wifu is a lady. She does the beAstiAlity on me but I don caer she is so Kawaii I also Installed Nood mod and had sex wiv her!
game-hours: 38.1
review: such a sexy game
game-hours: 59.0
review: one of the best games ever!
game-hours: 627.1
review: What can I say? The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is one of the best (and most addictive) games I have ever played. Even years after it's release many people still play this masterpiece. The community has also added hundreds more hours worth of play time through the mods found on the steam workshop and the nexus. Definately worth your time (although be careful you don't play it too much...) I would rate it 10/10 for sure.
game-hours: 4652.9
review: This is the game the never, ever ends. I picked this game up thinking I wouldn't like it having never played a previous TES game before. Sat in my Library untouched for about a month or two, and finally took the plunge. I was wrong. I was so very, very wrong. This is probably the best purchase I've ever made on steam. Add in the unlimited potential of modding, and it's an adventure that continues forever. I've probably restarted over a hundred times by now with a new character, and still only have beaten Alduin once. ONCE. There's still so much more do to and explore that I'm still discovering quests and areas and little hidden things. I still can't believe how much there is to do and I'm still finding more. At it stands I'll probably wake up one day having lost all touch with reality and actually start seeing the world as Skyrim with how much I've played. And I'm totally ok with that.
game-hours: 3210.9
review: Ruined my life. Five stars.
game-hours: 1164.7
review: If I had to choose between this game, and my girlfriend. I'd pick this game. EDIT: I'm single now ON A MORE SERIOUS NOTE: This game is the best in its genre. In previous Bethesda games they made a sad balance in between Questing, and Exploration. Some having more quests and less places to go, and others having very few quests and more places to explore. But in Skyrim, there is no shortage of quests, and if you are like myself and just wander around aimlessly, you will stumble into places that just blow your mind. Every time I have replayed this game, I stumbled into something new. For more info i'd very much recommend mods, with mods such as texture packs, difficulty, quests, armor, and weapons, this games replay value is endless. Go through the game once with plain skyrim, then mod the hell out of it. Overall I'd rate this game an EASY 10/10. If you haven't already. Please buy it, give it a little, and I swear you will be hooked.
game-hours: 150.9
review: >murdered Nazeem in the middle of town >carried him up to the Cloud District >threw his corpse down into some nearby water >retrieved his corpse >carried him back to the middle of town >guards see me, don't care >left Nazeem's corpse bent over a well >guard hard staring me whole time >decide to leave market place >accidentally hit "E" while looking at tomato >get sent to jail for stealing tomato 10/10
game-hours: 247.4
review: An epic game made all the more epic by the fact that it is so easy to mod and so well supported by the modding community. The Elder Scrolls series has a large following and often you will hear people argue over each new TES game comparing it to the last, but for me each TES game stands on its own merits, and Skyrim is no exception. The story is pretty good and there are plenty of side quests, but what makes Skyrim so great even when not modded is its large and open nature. This is a land you can just pick a direction and with no quest in mind and just explore. You will find danger and excitement on your journey ... and loot. Lots and lots of loot. But once you start modding this game, that is when you unlock the true value that is Skyrim. Potentially thousands more hours content (for free) in a game that can be improved ten thousand different ways from graphics, textures and sounds all the way to game mechanics and user interface changes. You can make the game exactly what you need it to be, and play it for so long you may still be playing when the next game in this series comes out.... and sometimes longer than even that. If you are interested in modding the PC version of the game, be sure to check out my guide for beginners:
game-hours: 148.5
review: A game where trying to interact with giants holding clubs turns into the funding of NASA's space program.
game-hours: 12816.1
review: Play it, mod it, play it again, mod it some more... It's a dangerous cycle: your pets will die of neglect and your friends will leave you. You won't care, you'll just install more mods.
game-hours: 92.5
review: I was stacking books on a shelf in my house in Whiterun, one of Skyrim's major cities, when I noticed a weapon rack right beside it. I set a sacrificial dagger in one slot, an Orcish mace in the other. They were on display for nobody but me and my computer-controlled housecarl, Lydia, who sat at a table patiently waiting for me to ask her to go questing. The chest upstairs was reserved for excess weapons and armor, the bedside table for smithing ingots and ores, the one next to the Alchemy table for ingredients. I'd meticulously organized my owned virtual property not because I had to, but because tending to the minutia of domestic life is a comforting break from dealing with screaming frost trolls, dragons, a civil war, and job assignments that never seem to go as planned. It's even a sensible thing to do; a seemingly natural component of every day existence in Skyrim, one of the most fully-realized, easily enjoyable, and utterly engrossing role-playing games ever made. Part of what makes it so enjoyable has to do with how legacy Elder Scrolls clutter has been condensed and in some cases eliminated. In Skyrim, there's no more moon-hopping between hilltops with a maxed out Acrobatics skill. That's gone, so is Athletics. The Elder Scrolls V pares down the amount of skills and cuts out attributes like Endurance and Intelligence altogether. There's no time wasted on the character creation screen agonizing over which skills to assign as major. You don't assign major and minor skills at all, but instead pick one of ten races, each with a specific bonus. High Elves can once a day regenerate magicka quickly, Orcs can enter a berserk rage for more effective close-range combat. These abilities are best paired with certain character builds  the High Elf regeneration is useful for a magic user  but don't represent a rigid class choice. Major decisions don't need to be made until you're already out in the world and can try out magic, sneaking and weapon combat, emphasizing first-hand experience over instruction manual study, letting you specialize only when you're ready. It contributes to the thrilling sense of freedom associated with life in Skyrim. Do a quest, kill a dragon, snatch torchbugs from the air, munch on butterfly wings or simply wander while listening to one of the best game soundtracks in recent memory. Despite the enormity of the world and the colossal amount of content contained within, little feels random and useless. Even chewing on a butterfly wing has purpose, as it reveals one of several alchemical parameters later useful in potion making at an alchemy table. Mined ore and scraps of metal from Dwemer ruins can be smelted into ingots and fashioned into armor sets, pelts lifted from slain wildlife can be turned into leather armor sets, and random books plucked from ancient ruins can trigger hidden quest lines that lead to valuable rewards. Skyrim's land mass is absolutely stuffed with content and curiosities, making every step you take, even if it's through what seems like total wilderness, an exciting one, as something unexpected often lies just over the next ridge. Many times the unexpected takes the form of a dragon. Sometimes they're purposefully placed to guard relics, sometimes they swoop over cities and attack at seemingly random times. In the middle of a fight against a camp of bandits a dragon might strike, screaming through the sky and searing foe and friendly alike with frost or flame. Momentarily all on the battlefield unite, directing arrows and magic blasts upward to knock down the creature, creating impromptu moments of camaraderie -- a surprising change from what may have been yet another by-the-numbers bandit camp sweep. Dragons show up often, their presence announced by an ominous flap of broad wings or an otherworldly scream from high above. The scale and startling detail built into each creature's appearance and animations as it circles, stops to attack, circles again and slams to the ground makes encounters thrilling, though their predictable attack patterns lessen the excitement after a few battles. In the long run they're far less irritating than the Oblivion gate equivalent from The Elder Scrolls IV, can be completed in a few minutes, and always offer a useful reward. Killing a dragon yields a soul, which powers Skyrim's new Shout system. These are magical abilities any character can use, you don't have to specialize in spell casting to slow time, throw your voice, change the weather, call in allies, blast out ice and fire, or knock back enemies with a rolling wave of pure force. Even if you favor sword, shield and heavy armor and ignore magic entirely, you'll still be able to take full advantage of these abilities provided you find the proper words  each Shout has three  hidden on Skyrim's high snowy peaks and in the depths of forgotten dungeons, serving as another reason to continue exploring long after you've exhausted the main quest story, joined with the Thieves Guild, fought alongside the Dark Brotherhood, or thrown your support behind one of the factions vying for control of Skyrim. Not only is this land under assault by dragons, long thought to be dead, it's also ripped in two by civil war. You can choose one side or the other, but so much of the allure of Skyrim is how, even outside of the confines of quest lines, the embattled state of the world is evident, and steeped in a rich fictional legacy. Lord of the Rings this is not, but with the release of every Elder Scrolls game, the fiction becomes denser, and the cross-referencing for long-time fans all the more rewarding. Skyrim's residents are all aware of current events. They'll comment on the civil war, some sympathizing with the rebels, others thinking the establishment sold its soul. The peasants complain about the Jarls who control each settlement, the Jarls complain about the rebels or foreign policy, the overprotective College librarian complains when I drop dragon scales all over his floor; many characters feel like whole, distinct personalities instead of vacuous nothings that hand out quests like a downtown greeter hands out flyers for discount jeans. Characters stereotype based on race, they double-cross at even the slightest hint it might be profitable, and they react to your evolving stature within the world. It makes a ridiculous realm, filled with computer-controlled cat people and humanoid reptiles, demon gods and dragons, feel authentic, like a world that existed long before you showed up and will continue to exist long after you leave.
game-hours: 68.4
review: Killed an old woman. Stole a plate. Got arrested. (Because of the plate). Fought a dragon. Stole a crown. Got drunk. Became a werewolf. Killed bees with fire. Followed a talking dog. Visited the old dwarven cities. Killed robots. Became an assassin. Killed the emperor. Got beaten to death by a whole town for stealing a cabbage. Became a respected general. Fought bandits. Poisoned mead. Stole cabbage again. 10/10 would Skyrim again.
game-hours: 477.1
review: At first you are like this games fun, then you are like woah there are mods and then you don't stop the mods and then the next thing you know you are playing as a giant with a strap-on fighting thomas the tank engine
game-hours: 158.6
review: THE BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 188.6
review: Never thought I would play a single player game this much. With all the mods and addons, I see no end in sight.
game-hours: 365.6
review: This game has a HUGE open world with nearly endless quests and gameplay. I could just sit down and play this game for 12 hours straight.
game-hours: 31.6
review: AMAZING GAME. Will destroy your life. However I am one of many who suffer from a game-breaking bug which makes my keyboard commands not be registered in game so I can't move etc.
game-hours: 103.1
review: killing dragons an absorbing their souls i dumb. i want to  dragons and absorb their .
game-hours: 23.3
review: Words cannot describe. Be you a gamer or be you non gamer... THIS IS A GAME LIKE NO OTHER PEOPLE!!!
game-hours: 260.7
review: is good game
game-hours: 127.0
review: Shut the hell up and buy Skyrim, dammit.
game-hours: 100.6
review: You should already have this game.
game-hours: 326.3
review: Skyrim is a masterpiece - period. It's also long and I'm not exaggerating. The numerous amount of side quests can have you exploring forever and a day, as it's meant to. The game is designed to be enjoyed, not to be rushed through. You are meant to go explore in this vast world, interact with the numerous characters that you encounter, be fulfilled in combat and feel like the Dragonborn you are meant to become. The main storyline is fantastic and is well worth the journey. All the other stories along the way are just magical... a never-ending fable that urges you to keep going. Everything in Skyrim is just stunning. I seriously have so many screenshots of so many amazing views. I feel like a part of me plays just for the "game photography" and that isn't an exaggeration in the slightest. The music composed by Jeremy Soule is just an epic masterpiece.
game-hours: 92.2
review: An excellent and engaging addition to the Elder Scrolls Series
game-hours: 69.9
review: Amazing quality, storyline, soundtrack, weapons, monsters, dungeons, dragons.. I could keep writing for hours. Buy this game and waste some precious time on this time worthy game!
game-hours: 3.7
review: This game is one of the best Elder Scrolls game's it's a must have for many Elder Scrolls fan. Puls the awesome mods will keep your game looking awesome and keep you coming back for more.
game-hours: 559.4
review: Hands down the best game I have ever played. A legend of the video game world.
game-hours: 140.5
review: Very g00d game. You can kill wolfs and stuff. Better graphics than in real life.
game-hours: 226.1
review: Skyrim is the second most yelling focused game that I own behind Dota 2.
game-hours: 67.2
review: Awesome
game-hours: 83.1
review: The Elder Scrolls...!!!!
game-hours: 159.3
review: Not a great fan of Bethesda's work after the ruined my childhood years of gaming with Fallout 3. Bethesda does the standard bit in this game of hiring three or four voice actors to do a few hundred characters, and the whole mushy-irradiated-face you get to customize at the beginning. This game even comes with the standard Bethesda DLC options that are downright unplayable by some estimation. So why am I giving a recommendation? Steam workshop. The mod community, the gamers themselves, have seen the promise in this game and made it their own. As well, I can say this is the first Bethesda game that has not out-right turned me away because I loathed the leveling system. I didn't like the idea of hopping around in the woods for 30 minutes in order to level stats. Seemed stupid. However, this game has a decent leveling system and great mod support so you can have the adventure you crave.
game-hours: 127.6
review: I approve this game.
game-hours: 309.2
review: One of the best games of all time, its only bad thing? it dun did got no co-op fark Elder Scrolls Online all we want is skyrim co-op
game-hours: 31.6
review: Awesome Game Worth a try
game-hours: 9.4
review: one of the best games - after oblivion and Morrorwind 3 - of bethesda ! <3 thanks for making this awesome masterpiece
game-hours: 75.8
review: Real fun, extencive open word with a lot of detail. I enjoyed my playthrough more without mods than with mods but it was better with graphics mods. 9/10
game-hours: 221.9
review: Amazing Game easy to lose hundreds of hours of enjoyable time just roaming around.
game-hours: 29.9
review: It's Skyrim... it's awesome.
game-hours: 121.2
review: One of the best games out there
game-hours: 38.7
review: Do you know those times where you are so mad with the world that you just want to shout? Well, this game is perfect for that. Yeah, it's kinda boring that you need to kill dragons and go into dungeons to find the words to show but, after that, you can scream all you want. Some screams make people run away from you, others make you push them and so on. Until I bought Skyrim, I had no idea how much fun it was to shout but now I do. Thanks, Skyrim
game-hours: 98.7
review: it's like skyrim with guns
game-hours: 60.6
review: Best Game EVER ! This was my first Elder Scroll game and from the very beginning I love it ! The graphics are beautiful, the gameplay is great, but the best part of Skyrim is the inmersion ! You can do whatever you want, be the main story or the sidequest, you will always have something to do. You can spend all day and not get bored in this game. The DLC are nice additions, although you already have enough content with the main game by itself. And if by any chance you get bored, there's always the mod's community making news stuff ! When I cracked this game I liked this game so much that I bought it because it's a masterpiece. It's that good. Seriously, stop reading this and go buy it and play it :) !
game-hours: 75.8
review: I had not owned Steam's install until now, but if I had written a review when I had originally played this game, it would have been composed similarly to the following piece: "Quite possibly the best Role-Playing-Game Bethesda has had the pleasure of developing. The 100+ hours that I have invested into this game are looked back upon quite fondly (a statement, that I assure you, carries no demur). Alone, this game easily stands tall at 9/10--impressive, no doubt--yet with the DLC content, modding capabilities, and continued patch support, it easily boasts a 10/10. Now I will leave you with these two simple words...buy it."
game-hours: 100.0
review: SO SEXY!
game-hours: 74.1
review: It is certainly true that Skyrim is much, much better on the PC rather than on the consoles. Why? 1 word. MODS~ There are many, many, many, MANY MODS ALL OVER THE INTERNET. Besides, the gameplay is pretty good as well. As far as I'm concerned, this would be rated at a 9.75/10. It's pretty good, but not my absolute favorite game. Still, it's good!
game-hours: 315.5
review: Ta gra po prostu wymiata. Jest to jedna z tych produkcji, gdzie bdc w podziemiach, czy ciemnym lesie, naprawd masz obawy co si przed Tob pojawi za nastpnym zakrtem. Do tej pory takie odczucia miaem jedynie w Gothicu. Swoj rol odgrywa muzyka, ktra nadaje ten klimat niepewnoci. Naprawd sporo moliwoci, masa pobocznych questw, ktre bardzo wyduaj rozgrywk. Rozwija posta mona na kilka sposobw, m.in mag, skrytobjca, typowo cikozbrojny wojownik, lub lekkozbrojny piechur. Ciekawie zrobiony system wbijania lvli. eby awansowa na kolejny poziom postaci, trzeba podnosi coraz wyej kade z umiejtnoci - samo zabijanie nie wystarczy. A umiejtnoci jest mnstwo. Kilka rodzajw czarw, kowalstwo, alchemia, zaklinanie, lekki i ciki pancerz, jedno- i dwurczna bro, tarcze... I wiele wicej. Naprawd polecam, daj ocen 10/10 i mam zamiar w przyszoci dokupi dodatki do tej gry, ktre nawiasem mwic wygldaj obdnie - ale to ju inna historia.
game-hours: 740.2
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a very good game in my opinion. Being a person who very much enjoyed the other games in the Elder Scrolls series I believe this one is another game in the series that adds a lot of great gameplay features and replay value.
game-hours: 35.7
review: immersive
game-hours: 146.7
review: One of the best so far in the Elder Scrolls series. Like previous titles, the base game can get dry and run out of steam, but the modifications available provide hundreds of hours of enjoyable playtime. Packed with lore like always, and with an upgraded engine, there's no reason not to play this one.
game-hours: 49.3
review: Best...game...since Fallout 3...and ever
game-hours: 2.6
review: Pretty good game so far. The graphics are beautiful.
game-hours: 325.9
review: Skyrim is everything I came to expect from a Free-Roam RPG. From character customization to spells and enchantments to the different enemies that come crashing through after you on your quest, this game delivers. A healthy mod community also delivers engaging (and sometimes ridiculous) mods to suit your fancy and every occassion. I recommend playing the DLC as well once you've finished the Skyrim original content.
game-hours: 216.3
review: I have poured many hours of my life away into this game, and it is still one that amazes and intruiges me. I would never not recommend this game; if you're a fan of the Elder Scrolls saga, you should have bought it already. If you've never played an Elder Scrolls game before, this is a great one to come in on, as the graphics are crisp and beautiful and the storyline is deep and engaging. A must buy for Western hack n' slash RPG fans.
game-hours: 116.8
review: This game is amazing. Very well orchestrated music accompanied by beautiful graphics makes this game the best fantasy adventure I have played EVER. The gameplay is slow and gritty, with three main classes: Thief, Mage, and warrior, all equally fun. The variety between one thing to the other is immense because of subtlety. For example, weapons ranks are based on their material, and every material makes the weapon change but not by too much, making it more realistic, although there could have been more variety in these weapons. There was one side-quest which the key item was a sword, there were books on this and to get this started I was pumped, but to my dismay it was a regular shape. There are few varieties in crafted weapons, which is my only negative comment, other than the occasional glitch. I give The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim a 9/10
game-hours: 51.8
review: 50 Hours of Joy on this beautiful game so far. Many more to follow!
game-hours: 199.1
review: Perhaps the best RPG I have played and the expansions are well worth playing through as well.
game-hours: 94.1
review: Lots of snow and a lot of adventures to be found:
game-hours: 142.3
review: One of the best games i have ever played !!
game-hours: 0.9
review: uwesum
game-hours: 50.2
review: One of my favorite games by far! Recommended to everyone who loves rpg game and/or big open world games :D
game-hours: 4.2
review: Has Chickens and Dragons what more could you want?
game-hours: 298.9
review: ...
game-hours: 120.3
review: Talked to a mammoth, it floated in the air and dropped on me. 10/10 would mammoth again
game-hours: 210.0
review: Elder Scrolls games are seriously the best. Buy this game, you won't regret it. Hundreds of hours of gameplay here.
game-hours: 97.7
review: Skyrim is easily one of the best games I've ever played. I'm still relatively new to the Elder Scrolls franchise (having only played Oblivion before this) but I feel it's fair to say that this game is probably the strongest entry into the franchise yet. It's got the usual attention to detail you'd come to expect from Bethesda, with the lore, lands, and characters all being well designed and very, very impressive. That along with the wonderful gameplay make for a great game that will eat up your time like nobody's business. Highly recommended. Especially to fans of fantasy, the Fallout series, or the previous Elder Scrolls games.
game-hours: 49.8
review: F--k yes.
game-hours: 55.2
review: Fun, and big, Kind of repetitive though
game-hours: 606.1
review: This game is probably one of the best games of all time. Its easy to pick up and learn and has probably the best mod support to any game ever. With mods easily downloaded from Steam workshop Skyrim has roughly 500-a googleplex hours of replayablitly. The only major issue with the game is that it still runs on the amazing yet buggy Oblivion engine though siginfitgantly updated seince Fallout NV and if you mess up modding it can be a pain, so makesure if you do any large mods you watch a tutroial first if you've never modded.
game-hours: 195.8
review: BEST GAME EVAH !!!!!!!
game-hours: 56.5
review: Undressed the Jarl of Whiterun. 10/10
game-hours: 53.0
review: A+ 5 stars. Got me ROCK SOLID
game-hours: 18.8
review: If you have never played this game. Then don't. It's gonna steal your life away. 10/10
game-hours: 24.3
review: BEST GAME EVER PLAYED!!!
game-hours: 93.6
review: Skyrim is packed with tons of exciting quests and interesting characters. It has hours of content within the game itself, but the DLC adds much, much more. Definitely an improvement from Oblivion; they weeded out some unnecessary features and added some awesome new ones. From the main storyline of ridding Skyrim of dragons, to the simple side quests of getting your own home and spouse, this game is a must play.
game-hours: 120.7
review: If you don't like anything life has to offer, you should still play this game.
game-hours: 25.4
review: Super fun. You'll play for /many/ hours before you ever get bored of this game.
game-hours: 42.2
review: This game is a great single player game. You can alter your challenge level based on your preferences, and go on to explore the world. I really like the direction that is given for quests, but if you don't want to quests they don't bug you about it.
game-hours: 3.9
review: It's fast. It's fun. ...
game-hours: 102.8
review: AMAZINGFM:KSENGKLSDBGKSNDFG
game-hours: 100.5
review: Amazing, purely amazing.
game-hours: 44.2
review: This game has followed me from console to machine, used to play for hours and hours on the ps3, and now that it's on sale on steam I thought why not, love this game as it is, but... steam workshop + Skyrim..... enough said...
game-hours: 830.4
review: Single best game ever created. 11/10, cannot wait for TES6 (NOT TESO, TES6.)
game-hours: 18.1
review: This game has so much too do! You can easily log in more than 200 hours into this game!
game-hours: 24.1
review: Is amazeballs.
game-hours: 782.4
review: some good shiz
game-hours: 81.0
review: Sucked my life away...can't complain. Worth it
game-hours: 31.9
review: Stole a guards sweet roll 10/10
game-hours: 149.3
review: Amazing game, best play time and quality for any rpg I've ever played.
game-hours: 198.1
review: BEST GAME EVER 10/10
game-hours: 4.0
review: I killed a chicken and was murdered by a housewife as a result, all while only wearing a helmet and underwear. 10/10 would buy.
game-hours: 18.4
review: Currently my favorite and most played game, Skyrim is a great way to spend time with friends and family or just by yourself. You can go into it not playing any of the other games and still get the concept. From the gameplay to the graphics this is definitly worth your money. With definitly +100 hours of gameplay ready to go. Not to mention the dragons are ing badass!
game-hours: 267.3
review: Well, honestly, Amazing RPG Bethesda never fails at making a game. Love em or hate em, its true.
game-hours: 228.6
review: Got rid of a man's debt for him and made his day, then murdered him. 10/10
game-hours: 439.3
review: It's good...still like oblivion
game-hours: 56.9
review: swag
game-hours: 255.5
review: M'aiq is tired now.
game-hours: 47.2
review: This game is literally a high end software game. It was fun when the loading screen didn't take ten minutes for small places! Get some really good software if you plan to get the DLC's or your looking at long loading screens. But, this is a really good game to not lie. It's got a short main questline. But it does make up for it by having so many quest's. The reason I bought this was for nolgastia. I miss playing morrowind.
game-hours: 42.2
review: same
game-hours: 268.7
review: I've played this Skyrim waaaay more than any human should play any game on my 360 back before I moved to PC and I could write a stupidly long review about it because I am such a damn fanboy, so I'll try to make this short. Haha... This game has no bad qualities I can think of other than some bugs here and there, and the combat can feel clunky at times. If you're willing to invest a lot of time in a game than I see no reason not to get Skyrim unless you're "too cool" for involved RPGs.
game-hours: 492.8
review: Deep storyline, tons of quest and dungeons, stunnig graphics, infinite modding tools. In shoty a must have.
game-hours: 178.3
review: Absolutely mind blowing graphics, gameplay and an enchanting storyline skyrim is the best RPG ever!
game-hours: 280.0
review: I can't get enough. Just wow. Everyone should play this game.
game-hours: 41.6
review: Best game
game-hours: 143.1
review: i killed a chicken and died. BEST ANIMAL RIGHTS LAW I'VE EVER SEEN 10/10
game-hours: 178.8
review: Pretty cool game, you can do whatever you want really, plus it has a great story to it 10/10
game-hours: 358.8
review: If you like good games than this is a game for you
game-hours: 102.5
review: is awsm ppl
game-hours: 12.1
review: great game
game-hours: 62.5
review: Like all things, Skyrim has both positive and negative aspects to it. Some say it can be boring, others claim it to be the greatest story told in gaming history. Some experience game-breaking bugs before it even begins, others have spent the past two years playing with not a single error. I left the following comment on a friend's review but feel it should be part of my own, too: "It makes you long for a better specced rig because you know the one you're on isn't good enough to show the game at its best (even though it's still amongst the best looking games ever made). Have sunk countless hours into Skyrim since the day it was released (I play on 360 & PC - yes, I'm obsessed) and haven't even completed half of the main storyline. So much to do" Skyrim is exceedingly good at drawing you into its world and keeping you there. Even when you manage to escape for a while, it'll lure you back in eventually. At the end of the day, regardless of all of its other achievements though, Skyrim is best at one thing in particular: it's fun. Not only do I recommend it as part of this review but I have actively told people, face to face, that they need to play it.
game-hours: 17.3
review: very good game and easy to pit mods in. rating 10/10
game-hours: 210.4
review: Got for the 360 and couldnt resist and got for computer as well. Never had a better time than moding and having fun on pc
game-hours: 173.5
review: CONAN!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 173.5
review: CONAN!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 126.3
review: One of my favorite games.
game-hours: 169.3
review: After playing nearly 200 hours, doing almost every single quest I could find, I finally finished the main questline. And what a disappointment it was. An utterly trivial fight and the "World Eater" is no more. What? After everything I've done in Skyrim, was a total letdown. I pretty much rage quit after I got back to Whiterun and realized that was that. So what did I skip? I skipped the Dark Brotherhood quests. Murderer I am not. Sort of. I skipped the Blades quests as I refused to do what they wanted. And I haven't done the Civil War stuff as I didn't want to join either the Evil Empire or the Racist Mofo. I suppose I'll squeeze out some more hours doing those at "some point", but right now I'm just incredibly pissed at the lame ending. Still, it was a good game. I didn't manage to hit any bugs that I noticed, my only peeve was the sometimes extraordinarily long loading times, which seemed random. Sometimes pretty swift, once it took over 15 minutes - after that I control+alt+delete anytime it took over 2! And the occasional crash when quicksaving, although thankfully the save always actually took place first. Other bad points were the repetitiveness. I do have to give it points for an insane amount of unique and varied locations but the "puzzles" in the game were a joke. Either spin the pillar to select the right side, or spin the dial to select the right face. Very little in the way of unique puzzles. All the mobs were fairly uniform and nothing special. I also found it somewhat immersion breaking that despite the fact I never cast a spell except in the 3 or so occasions required by quests they decided I was an uber mage and could lead them. At least I had to work (a bit) for the Companions and the Thieves. Haven't tried any of the DLC so know if they are any good.
game-hours: 275.8
review: Man, where to begin with this game? It is absorbing, engrossing, and I lost a good bit of my life to it. I liked Morrowind, and Oblivion both, and this one reminds me a lot of morrowind. Do not overlook the mod community. The mods are strong with this one. I for one used many Lord of the Rings weapons and some really great power additions, as well as replacing the moon with the Death Star. Really good gameplay. The story is definitely not the highlight, the world is.
game-hours: 204.0
review: If I haven't recommended this, I have already done so in my heart and mind. An open world RPG, with thousands of mods to change anything you desire in the game - Great Graphics, A solid story, tons upon tons of side quest material and hundreds of fun hours. Honestly what is not to like about this gem of a game`? Heck even if there is something you don't like - just change it with a mod :D Its an RPG must own and it cannot be praised enough. Buy it, play it, love it - and then go change it into something else and play it again!
game-hours: 46.4
review: Wow dis game is off da chain, u no what im sayin? Mods Make this game something special, best graphix np, best story lines np, GG ez bast game 2014.
game-hours: 22.5
review: This game is incredibly immersive and has so much gameplay. I especially reccomend getting the expansions.
game-hours: 188.5
review: Skyrim was my first RPG that I've ever played, its very special to me. I've never had a gaming experiance quite like The Elder Scrolls. The freedom, world, and lore just can't be matched by any other game. That, tied in with the character building and the countless numbers of quests make it a true master piece of gameing. I've spent many hours on this game and its great counterparts (Morrowind, and Oblivion). I hope to see at least one more TES title come out this decade. The TES community has grown in the past few years so if you think something needs to be added to the game chances are their are mods to enhance it. The Elder Scrolls fanchise is beloved and remarked as one of the greatest games ever. So if you haven't played Skyrim, at least try it out. If you have played, try Morrowind, and Oblivion. And If you've done that too, try similar titils like the Fallout franchise.
game-hours: 269.6
review: First of all, Skyrim has to be my favorite game of all time. I have spent over 1000 hours on this game (xbox mostly). The game mechanics can be wierd but I play it for the action/adventure and story. Skyrim is a one-of-a-kind game that really in myopinion no other RPG matches up to. If you have not bought this game please consider buying it. It's awesome :)
game-hours: 43.6
review: This game is AWESOME!!!! I love the open world and multple missions you can do and the DLCs are AMAZING!
game-hours: 43.6
review: This game is AWESOME!!!! I love the open world and multple missions you can do and the DLCs are AMAZING!
game-hours: 77.9
review: I will never get tired of this game. Playing it is like stepping into another world and living there in my offtime. Highly recommended :)
game-hours: 35.7
review: amazing
game-hours: 342.7
review: Mostly just doing this to work on the pillar of community, but this is a great game. I first played about 100 hours, stopped, and within the last 4 months I'm almost to 250. No matter what games I get I somehow end up back here.
game-hours: 18.4
review: yay.
game-hours: 513.1
review: This game set the standard of any RPG I have played since. Bethesda has done an amazing job.
game-hours: 71.2
review: Buy this game, it's like if Oblivion was good instead of bad.
game-hours: 85.6
review: Much review. Such XP. But actually, gg.
game-hours: 228.1
review: I love this game and would recommend this game to anyone who really likes an open world gmae. Not only is there a lot to play and dlc, but even many more hours with all the mods this game has.
game-hours: 115.8
review: I have one word for this game: Mods. Player made mods make this game. The ability to change this game to your liking, incorperated with hundreds upon hundreds of hours of playtime, I have to say this game is a MUST PLAY! If you enjoy RPGs, this game is definitely for you.
game-hours: 21.7
review: One of my fav games
game-hours: 102.3
review: Flawless, ing 10/10.
game-hours: 18.1
review: This is a great game. You can add mods but even with out mods it has unlimted things to do.
game-hours: 330.9
review: If you don't own Skyrim,  YOU.
game-hours: 408.0
review: Highly recommended for anyone interested in an immersive RPG experience. Even after logging 340+ hours I am still finding new areas and encounters.
game-hours: 218.8
review: AWESOME (with mods)
game-hours: 399.3
review: This is by far my second best elder scrolls game. This game can satisfy any need of rpgs. You can plow through dungeons, join a guild of your liking, find a home and make a family, or even roleplay as someone you wish to be, wether you are a dark efl merchant or a nord fighting for the stormcloacks, it does not matter, because you will have fun.
game-hours: 289.9
review: If you haven't played this game you really should. It's a great, well-rounded rpg with tons of great modding capabilites and countless hours of play. It's popular for a reason.
game-hours: 128.7
review: great game
game-hours: 129.9
review: I made the terrible mistake to buy this game. Now I usually don't play much else. Really awesome game and definitely in my Top 3 of best games ever.
game-hours: 241.2
review: Best Simulator to learn how to kill dragons. Someday the dragons will return, and with this we will know how to kill them with swords. You also can learn other languages to talk to other nerds with. It is awesome, best Simulator ever 10/10
game-hours: 114.9
review: Got lost in the Reach and got cut down by a bunch of angry forsworn 10/10 will kill those magic using s next time
game-hours: 102.0
review: Probably one of the best RPG's ever made, with few drawbacks. A timeless open-world paradise.
game-hours: 925.5
review: The best
game-hours: 452.0
review: Lost my wallet, friends, food, sleep and life. But it's still worth!
game-hours: 81.6
review: The only thing missing in this game is Co-op but its still a great game with a ton of content!
game-hours: 326.0
review: this game is fun.
game-hours: 99.4
review: BUY IT NOW!
game-hours: 127.3
review: Great game, very immersive, lots of things to do. Do yourself a favor and avoid the actually storyline, though.
game-hours: 223.7
review: Best game to date. Ever. If you haven't tried this, your life is incomplete.
game-hours: 99.9
review: one of my favorite games
game-hours: 228.8
review: Great game for dropping tons of hours a day playing. I did that the first 1-2 of having the game. There are many skills, quests, and things to do in the game. Also this game has a very strong modding community that makes different areas, quests, weapons, etc. I would give it a 9/10.
game-hours: 153.1
review: One of my favorite all time games! Deep interesting stories and charachters will keep you coming back!
game-hours: 55.6
review: The EPIC RPG game, The Elder Scroll! Skyrim continues the story in The Elder Scroll. Highly free style RPG let you adventure in the massive world. Fantastic visual effect and extraordinary stories make Skyrim the best RPG game ever! RPGSkyrimRPGSkyrimRPG
game-hours: 38.8
review: This game is super fun.it provides hours upon hours of new quests and adventures all around skyrim
game-hours: 325.5
review: Ahhh! Skyrim! What a weird relationship we have! Before I bought Skyrim, or even peered into the Elder Scrolls series, I had thought only negativity of this game. I didn't understand what all the hype was about, I didn't enjoy ANOTHER fantasy game coming out. I was dead wrong. I was at a video game club in college when they held a competition and the winner got Steam money (or Xboxlive money, but I'm a PC gamer only). Skyrim was on sale and I went ahead and bought it. My friends had talked their heads off about it so I thought I would give it a try. I was hooked. I love this game to death. To talk about every single aspect of this game would take me hours. However, I can highlight some of my positive experiences. 1) Every playthrough shows me something different. Sure, I have done a lot of the same missions, but every single time I have exprienced so many new things. It has high replayability. 2) Modability is through the roof. Check out the workshop or if you use the Nexus Mod Manager you can check out other online Skyrim mods. I have about 80 working mods now that add patrols, stories, areas, weapons, armor, etc. to the game. Further adding to replayability. 3) Character and skill control. You can literally create and evolve any character you want. This isn't some ESO "your character can wear heavy armor as a healer, but not really". You can legit done heavy armor, be a healer, and smith a thousand tiny daggers. You can be an archer who uses conjuration to spawn your tank to take on most bad guys. You can be a pure destruction mage, unleashing lightning, fire, and ice amongst your foes. You can wield a pure sword and shield combo and go through the whole game like that. The races are diverse from different Mer (elven), Men (human), and beast-like creatures that all have different abilities and a special power of their own. Skyrim is a game about diversity and replayability, it does 100% in both. The only downside? It is a game made by Bethesda, and it wouldn't be a Bethesda game without a ton of bugs in it. On the plus side, most can be fixed by official patches, as well of unofficial mod patches. No game is perfect, but Skyrim comes pretty damn close.
game-hours: 755.3
review: If you want a social life, skip this game.
game-hours: 91.1
review: It's fun up until you crash to your desktop.
game-hours: 7.0
review: Awesome game :) Love it!!
game-hours: 81.6
review: This was my first in the Elder Scrolls series. I am not a big RPG fan, however I did play WOW and a few similar games for years. I would reccomend this game, I like it because it feels alot like fallout 3 which is a top game for me, but it is in a far different context. This stays true to the play methodology Bethesda has put together. You get the a similar game play with fantasy game theme.
game-hours: 57.5
review: What happens when you combine amazing graphics, medieval times, Bethesda, and Dragons? You die and you get sent to Sovngarde.
game-hours: 965.3
review: Great game (even though it's single-player). Great lore and storyline, when you completed most of the game it's always fun to start messing 'round with mods. :D VERY ADDICTIVE.
game-hours: 307.6
review: Is fun game with beard and axe. Many kill. Spend time on Skyrim or School? Skyrim.
game-hours: 258.5
review: Without a doubt this is the best game I have ever played..Writing this review as its on sale and I hope that my firends who don't have it go and buy the legendary edition now while its cheap =]
game-hours: 122.1
review: Three mods were removed from the workshop and it broke all my saves. 0/10.
game-hours: 39.1
review: is good
game-hours: 86.8
review: Awesome
game-hours: 395.7
review: Really really fun game. Although being fairly old, it has still got a really good RPG status and is one of the best games i have ever played. This game literally throws you in headfirst with the start, but gets slightly easier as it goes along. Good spells, good weapons, fancy daedric things and ruins shrouded in mystery. I really really recommend this game and i suggest getting the legendary edition, this gets you the game, Dawnguard, Dragonborn and Hearthfire. Worth the money... GET IT!!!!
game-hours: 231.7
review: -Mods to be able to be naked (watch out for the glowing khajiit  and the weird hybrid things if you so happen to find a certain mod for certain thing to be well immersiedgfds by IMMERSIVE things like BODIES. or styff) -Killin Draguns fur teh soulz ti be able to yell the chickens apart and get killed because of how holy the chickens are to the NPCs of Skyrim also: Mods for  Mods Mod Mo M MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMNHNHNNHNHNMHMHNHonhonhon
game-hours: 12.0
review: its fun.
game-hours: 12.0
review: its fun.
game-hours: 612.2
review: Dark brotherhood in Skyrim? I think you mean cheerleaders obsessed with murder.
game-hours: 444.8
review: One of the all time greatest games, worth any amount of money. I'd buy it if it was 1000, it's worth it.
game-hours: 40.9
review: Don't get this game if you want to have a life. Very addictive.
game-hours: 692.9
review: A game that I can come back to time and time again. Between mods and an incredible set of DLC I would recommend this game to ANYONE!
game-hours: 193.3
review: Fantastic game, can't reccomend it enough!
game-hours: 249.9
review: It's like oblivion, but with better graphics
game-hours: 247.6
review: This game is good yo.
game-hours: 187.2
review: While it has it's glitches, Skyrim is one of the most immersive gameplay experiences I've ever had. (Doing this so I can lvl up on Steam... >.>)
game-hours: 47.5
review: My buddy Taren McDongler loves this game.
game-hours: 200.3
review: 10/10 would deleted my memory to play again.
game-hours: 282.5
review: With as many hours as I have on record any words in saying this game is good is meaningless, but here it is. It's a great game. It's controls are good, I'm never like dang it the controls screwed me. There's a few bugs, but they are few are far between compared to the amount of content there is. The soundtrack, voice acting is good, if not great. In theory it's an open world action RPG, in truth its really what you want it to be. You want to be lead by the nose and go where the major quests take you, want to say screw all the quests, and just clear out a dungeon because you're a serial killer, want to join the bard college and just travel around with out really doing much of anything? Well the game lets you do all of those or none.
game-hours: 293.8
review: In a lot of ways, it is a typical open-world game: there are missions you can go on, if you chose to accept them; there are no level restrictions to certain areas; you are free to level up your character as desired with no pre-set formats. In other ways, the game can be a bit tedious: the combat is not that complex; archery is a bit over powered; and the skills system is mundane to level up (you either gain skill points by using the skill or purchase them from trainers). But that said, I love this game, a fact evidenced by the almost 300 hours I've spent playing this game. The level of detail to the environment and atmosphere is tremendous. The ability to mod the game, and the mods that have come out, its what truly give this game its beauty. If you are the kind of person that loves expansive, immersive environments, you must have this game. If you are a game-lore nerd, you must buy this game.
game-hours: 156.0
review: Absolutely stunning game in terms of content, graphics & writing. Must play for RPG fans.
game-hours: 137.1
review: This game is one of the best I've played in a very long time. The content in this game is so massive that you will probably end up playing over 200+hrs if you want to complete all the quests. 5 out of 5 stars!!
game-hours: 1.2
review: Nice game
game-hours: 10.1
review: Buy it, now, without hesitation. Do it!
game-hours: 1309.5
review: AMAZING
game-hours: 192.2
review: Loved it!
game-hours: 147.8
review: I shouldnt even have to tell you all to buy this game. If you do not, for some reason, own this game, stop whatever your doing and buy this RIGHT NOW
game-hours: 53.4
review: great game
game-hours: 143.7
review: This game is well good. You can get drunk and punch bears. 10/10
game-hours: 244.3
review: Incredible amount of content, easily immersive. Lets me be a lesbian without thinking twice, love it.
game-hours: 365.9
review: Pretty sweet.
game-hours: 37.4
review: IF YOU HAVEN'T PLAYED THIS GAME, PLAY IT. ----- IF YOU HAVE PLAYED THIS GAME, PLAY IT AGAIN. After 400 plus hours playing Skyrim and all of its DLCs on the peasant console race, I thought I had done it all. I was Archmage, Guildmaster, Listener, Harbringer, Civil War hero, Vampire Slayer, and the best Dragonborn ever (sorry Miraak). I built houses, slayed dragons, murdered who I could, and generally brought total chaos to Skyrim. I truly believed the game had no more to offer me. Soon I discovered PC, Steam, and modders. Steam Summer Sale did its job and made me buy Skyrim. Seriously, ten bucks? Who would pass a deal like that up? I still had my doubts though. I already owned the game on console, so why should I buy it again just to play it on PC? I'll tell you why: Mods. ing mods (excuse my language). Not just mods about ing, though. I ensure you that if you search hard enough, you will find a mod for just about anything. Whether it'd be a mod that makes everyone nude underneath their clothes, a mod that turns dragons into trains, a mod that adds realism through thirst and hunger, a mod that adds DLC sized content, or a ing mod. Yes, you'll find those. The possibilities of modding are endless with Skyrim. You can make it as realistic as possible or create the fantasy RPG you've always wanted. The choice is your's with mods. No vanilla options holding you back. No console peasant race pulling you down. So go my children. Purchase this game. Mod the hell out of it. And spend possibly +400 hours of your life slaying dragons, testing out new mods, and Fus-Ro-Dah-ing all over your keyboard.
game-hours: 95.5
review: People keep talking about going outside but i dont understand what that means.
game-hours: 4.4
review: 10/10 "It's like Far Cry 3 with swords" -IGN
game-hours: 78.3
review: Everyone should at least try one of the Elder Scrolls games. :]
game-hours: 11.4
review: Bought it for $20 when it went on sale the next day for $5 and i dont even care because it was worth it
game-hours: 87.0
review: best game ever
game-hours: 81.7
review: 60 hours played total, 40 of them stared at aurora.
game-hours: 75.1
review: srtbadfbzdfbzdfbzdfb amazing
game-hours: 304.1
review: Music, gameplay, and visuals make this game epic beyond words. I think everyone already knows how awesome it is.
game-hours: 387.4
review: 11/10.... no word to describe awesomeness! If youve played oblvion... you will be blown away if you havnt, you still will be :P you can see the effort bethseda have put into making this game a legend of RPGs
game-hours: 305.2
review: An amazing RPG! Bethesda really did a good job on Skyrim. I love open world games and Skyrim did not fail me. The fact that you can fight dragons is awesome and how you can gain their soul for unlocking shouts was a cool idea from Bethesda. The weapons were also a blast to play with. The amount of weapons and armor you can enchant really made the game fun and how you can use magic spells instead of using a sword or a mace really changed the way you played the game. If you wanted to go for a long range weapon, you could pick a bow and arrow to take out your enemies, or if you are more of the stealth type, a dagger would be a excellent weapon for you. This game is also amazing because it looks beautiful! With the High Resolution Texture Pack, it makes your Dovahkiin sexier than ever. When you play Skyrim, you never know what to expect and what random loot you will find. I am the Dragonborn wearing a hat with badass horns! I'm Dovahakiin known globally you're nobody at all!
game-hours: 102.6
review: I've played on playstation and computer, probaly 200+ hours of playtime, and i can still find new things, which i love!
game-hours: 73.8
review: Little girls bully little boys in this game!
game-hours: 382.6
review: 10/10 - Would kill a dragon and make armor out of its skin again.
game-hours: 20.5
review: Tried to pick pocket a homeless guy....after he caught on to me it turned out he was a wizard
game-hours: 440.8
review: If this game was a potato, it would be an amazingly good potato.
game-hours: 356.7
review: If you like a non-linear game experience, this is the game for you. Follow the quest line, or go off and see the world. Hours and Hours of game play. Check out the steam workshop for all of the Mods. Refine the game for your style of play. Skyrim is not just a game, it's a way of life.
game-hours: 87.6
review: One of the greatest games of all time
game-hours: 35.4
review: I shouted a goat off a mountain. 11/10
game-hours: 229.3
review: It's hard not to appreciate a lot of what Skyrim does well. It is a vast game world with a lot of detail. Visually impressive with enough content that demands hundreds of hours of gameplay if you wish to explore it all. As it turns out, I did put in a few hundred hours. The mods, never forget the mods. This is a big part of just about any elder scrolls game and deserves to get some attention. Oblivion had an impressive array of mods and Skyrim boasts the same if not more. What's disappointing however is that I came away from the vanilla game unsatisfied. I completed the majority of the content but just had to drop the game before even getting to the Dragonborn DLC. This is after taking several long breaks between playing it. To put it simply, the game is just downright glitchy. I hate to put that in writing because for a game this size, it's bound to have some problems. Some quests (mostly secondary or side quests) just won't complete. Saving often is a necessity so get used to pressing F5 a lot to quick save. If you're into achievements, there are several that may not unlock and what's disappointing is that some of them have requirements that can take a long time to complete (Oblivion Walker for example - 2 separate play throughs and nothing). But ultimately, after finishing the main quest line, it didn't feel very epic. The voice acting started to get to me when you hear the same 3-4 voices and you really want to start murdering everyone you come across (which to the game's credit, you can do if you so desire). I so badly wanted to love this game. The hype got to me as well as the positive reviews. The first time I took down a dragon, it was rather exhilarating. But for me, it all went downhill from there and plateaued in an above average experience (not epic). The game is plenty difficult for those wanting a challenge and you can adjust the difficultly at will. I for one, love a challenge and kept it maxed out at Legendary. This fact alone is probably what kept me coming back. Until I got to a higher level, nearly every encounter was a challenge and required quick action, use of potions, on occasion different gear and maneuvering. But...the glitches... I'm ballparking it but I'd say at least 40-50 hours of my game time was devoted to reloading saves to get around bugs and game glitchiness. That's roughly 20% of my time playing this game. Last but certainly not least, after my first play through I went ballistic with mods. The vast amount of community content is staggering. If anything, that is the most impressive aspect of Skyrim. I'm of the opinion that this fact alone has helped keep Skyrim near and dear to many gamers. I can see why, the community contributions (free I might add) in many cases, out-do content in the vanilla game. It is not my intention to belittle what Bethesda has accomplished with Skyrim either. I am but a lowly gamer (years late to the Skyrim party) that just took issue with a few aspects of the experience. An experience that was overall positive with a few reservations. So despite my misgivings...I still need to give it my recommendation. If you want an open world, detailed, vast and moddable game, Skyrim checks all of those boxes. As it stands right now, there really isn't a game like it.
game-hours: 154.6
review: It's like skyrim with skyrim Yepp... that was it Why are you still here? This is skyrim! Buy it already! GO PLAY
game-hours: 22.8
review: If you are into RPG/FRP games and you want to be inside the game as yourself instead of seeing the character from up top, and of course you dont like team play, this is the one for you. In fact play the entire series of Elders Scrolls from the beginning, my recommendation would be to play at least Morrowind and Oblivion first then move on to this one, you'll get the stories and place names better plus the story lines are loosely connected.
game-hours: 45.8
review: It's like Skyrim, with guns. Oh wait...
game-hours: 789.0
review: Best. freaking. game. ever!
game-hours: 113.8
review: Filled Jorrvaskr with cheese, spawned 5 Sheogoraths, and then fell through the ground. 10/10 would do the fishstick again.
game-hours: 318.1
review: An unrelentingly, unforgiving, uninterruptedly epic experience.
game-hours: 22.9
review: Reasons to buy it: 1. Best open world game 2. Epic graphics 3. Nice plot
game-hours: 92.3
review: DHOVAKIIN!
game-hours: 134.5
review: Skyrim is the greatest RPG game i have ver played. Actually the whole Elder Scrolls series are super fun and will keep you in its world for hours.Im sure that even people that dont like RPGs would love to play this game because.....the power you can have all the locations to explore all the items to play with all the quests to complete all the journeys to be done....there i never too much of this game. And when you are done with all the stuff ( wich is impossible :D ) you can use cheats to have some fun Mate! :D Oh god how i love Bethesda they put the same cheats to all of their games xD Uhm but anyways Im dona talking here all i wanna say is if you arent sure if you wanna buy this then you sure do! :D 9000/10
game-hours: 157.9
review: 150 hours spent already and I keep finding new quests. Love it!
game-hours: 211.0
review: If you want a game to sink your entire life into, get Skyrim. You could easily invest over 200 hours and not even touch the main storyline. Totally and 100% worth.
game-hours: 234.2
review: Awesome. Figure out how to play the hi-res stuff. If there are no updates it will be great. Playing this type of game while it's still being patched makes the 3rd party packs a bit risky. You may want to disable auto updates if you apply a lot of 3rd party content.
game-hours: 16.6
review: 10/10 would bang
game-hours: 112.1
review: I've always been an Elder Scrolls fan-girl but I absolutely love Skyrim. No disappointment here!
game-hours: 186.4
review: This game is amazing, if i where to say how amazing, it would be an article not a review.
game-hours: 56.2
review: lol it okei
game-hours: 786.7
review: Awesome game. Some great community mods as well. :)
game-hours: 245.3
review: Why are you even looking at this, buy it already.
game-hours: 5.9
review: Eh ahm teh dergenburn
game-hours: 268.8
review: one of the greatest open-world rpgs ever created. 10/10.
game-hours: 123.5
review: No Elder Scrolls game is about story. Skyrim captures what the entire mission of The Elder Scrolls series is about: Adventure. When you're walking on the road and bandits attack you, when you stumble upon a cave loaded with enemies and treasure, when you stay up through the late hours of the night because you don't want to go back to the real world, you know you're playing Skyrim. The story driven quests are there to give you a general direction. The random encounters are there to make sure you take the longest route possible while going in that general direction.
game-hours: 164.3
review: I simply love this game. I bought it about two years back on my birthday for my xbox for 10 dollars at Gamestop. This was the first RPG type game I ever played and enjoyed it immensly. But, just a few monthes ago I started to switch over to the P.C. to give it a chance. The first gameI bought was this and when I found out about Console Commands (just use them for fun) I figured out this game has it all. Great story, combat, and the graphics are absotuley stunning. And the fact that I could get mods to addon to the already massive world I just got happy. Overall I reccomend this to anyone that loves a strong RPG and loves TES series.
game-hours: 116.5
review: after killing Alduin, went out without armor and weapons, fistfighting bandits and wolves, ended up running from 2 mammoths, one giant and a dragon, after a while the mommoths and the giant disappeared, so i tried to engage the dragon in melee, oneshot by his tail 10/10 would do again, no regrets
game-hours: 251.3
review: i love this game so much, if they came up with another, "not online" i would play for the rest of my life
game-hours: 254.9
review: A lot of bugs, apart from that, fantastic Lore and great Game ! A must have.
game-hours: 58.0
review: Kill a chicken while someone is looking=Wanted Kill a person while a chicken is looking=Wanted Steal a potato=Wanted 150/10 would steal potato and beat chicken with it again...
game-hours: 287.8
review: I installed too much mods and it crashed. 10/10.
game-hours: 121.1
review: Goodbye, social life.
game-hours: 152.6
review: What could be said about Skyrim? The original game is a 8.5/10 game. But with all the community members' efforts and the mods they create, this game get a 9.5/10. Anything you could imagine could be put into Skyrim by mods, and everybody, for real, has his own versions of Skyrim depending on the mods he used. Every time you play, you will get a fresh new experience. And I love the OST of Skyrim, when you play the game, it completely fits in the game and creates a wonderful feel. Give it a try and you will not regret.
game-hours: 72.5
review: Damn.....I am impressed by the graphics (if u have a good computer) and the gameplay...wow...... After u complete the main storyline, dont stop! There are a ton of side quests waiting to be done! BUY THIS GAME. ITS SOOOOO GOOD! :)
game-hours: 80.9
review: I've always loved this game and I got it for computer and I find it better. I enjoy this game!
game-hours: 73.7
review: The elder scrolls franchise is amazing, especially Skyrim. If you love open-world RPG's and haven't played Skyrim yet...... Honestly where the f**k have you been!? 11/10
game-hours: 110.6
review: Great game regardless, but being able to mod via the workshop makes the experience so much better and adds huge amounts of replay value.
game-hours: 30.9
review: I love this game its the best of all the Elder Scrolls games. Just make sure you have a few hours before you start because you wont wanna put it down very easily. Slaying Dragons is a blast and quests are fun, but sneaking and bow hunting is where its at :)
game-hours: 1257.1
review: There is so much that can be said about TESV. Though much more streamlined than it's predecessors, Skyrim's gameplay is the most fluid of all the Elder Scrolls games. Add to this one of the greatest modding communities in gaming, and you will never have to leave Tamriel again (including to play that terrible MMO).
game-hours: 92.6
review: Your portal to awesomeness.
game-hours: 1897.3
review: It just doesn't get much better than this. The quantity of Mods available for this game makes its gameplay unlimited. I have completely different games and characters running on my pc when at the home base and laptop for travel. It would be nice, however, if you had an easy way to clear a mission you don't want to run without using the councel to jump thru the scenes and artifically end the mission. For instance, I really don't want to sacrafice a live human on an alter to continue, or become a werewolf so I generally start a new game and avoid those situations. Other than that, this in an amazing game.
game-hours: 143.7
review: awesome addition to the elder scrolls line of games. My thanks to the game developers that put in the effort into creating this game.
game-hours: 110.2
review: It's great, you just have to try it, go on, buy it. NOW.
game-hours: 78.2
review: How to explain this game: SINGIN MAKES ME FEEL GOOD, BUT IT MAKES OTHERS FLY ACROSS THE ROOM (literally!)
game-hours: 241.5
review: like Oblivion with bows
game-hours: 354.0
review: a damn good game..... only played 1 quest though..
game-hours: 24.3
review: This game is amazing! 'Nuff said.
game-hours: 82.2
review: Is there anyone on the internet who doesn't know at least something about Skyrim? Now, the main gripe people have is that Skyrim needs serious mod work to be enjoyable. I've done bugger all (aside from running around with anduril for a while...) and I've got like 70 odd hours so far. No, I didn't even mod the UI. Is the UI bad? It annoys me at times! Is the combat bad? It's a bit shallow, too hack n slash. Do either of these things or any other complaints I might have stop me from playing it? No, not at all. Skyrim is an RPG in the most basic sense - you create a character and you go play with them. Most of the fun I have from Skyrim isn't from the gameplay itself, but the emergent gameplay - the thought of my unlikely adventurer hacking off a troll's face, thinking "well that was close" and then the look on his face when another two come storming around the corner. Or cutting someone free only for them to try to run away at which point I run them down and hack their legs out with a greatsword. Or sneaking through a bandit-infested cave dispatching all the guards with a single arrow to the head like some weird crouching version of Legolas. Skyrim is about the stories you create, and there's enough in the world to give you a bit of a head start.
game-hours: 11.3
review: This game is absolutly astonishing; the graphic quality is amazing; the storyline is malleable, because you can do the storyline whenever you want, so that you aren't 100% required to do the campaigns; and the complete objective of the game is incredible. I strongly only reccomend this game if you have a good computer and if you are able to wait about 6-8 hours for this to download, but i'll tell ya', it's totally worth it.
game-hours: 362.9
review: This is easily one of the best games ever created. It is an enormous improvement over Bethesda's previous offerings. More stable and more polished. The combat is still imperfect, the writing is sometimes off, but all that pales in comparison to the sheer awesomeness of the expansive and beautiful world that has been created. And that's BEFORE we get into the mods ... a must-play!
game-hours: 1585.7
review: It's all about waifus. Why anyone else would play this bugfest is a mystery.
game-hours: 121.6
review: Really Really Really Awesome Game, seriously, the unmod'd game is amazing to play, then go through the workshop and just WOW, the players have outdone themselves with mods for this game, from simple changing the color of a flower to outright amazing homes and quests, followers and weapons. Play as a Nord Hero/Villian the first time, then join the Force and break out your Lightsabers with the workshop mods, quite worth playing over and over and over <3
game-hours: 91.4
review: 13/10 Amazing game.
game-hours: 74.7
review: Awesome game! I love this. The soundtrack is awesome too.
game-hours: 229.2
review: this game is a great way to just take plessure in bashing guards brains in, and it is super fun.
game-hours: 463.7
review: I recommend this, it is awesome. Best game ever by far.
game-hours: 401.9
review: Going through my game list I just saw that I have over 400 hours on this game. I don't understand, how this is possible. I haven't even finished the main quest yet. Barley began the quest line of the first expansion, and not even finished the starter quest of the second expansion. I have yet to fully explore Skyrim. Of the 8 holds (Skyrim districts) I only explored 5 of them. I don't know how many more hours It will take me until I finished the main quest and the two expansions. How many more to see everything, but thank I godI took breaks playing this game. Because if you play straight from start to finish, having maybe over 1000 hours of play behind you, you will be fluid in the ancient dragon tongue, recite the theme song from your memory and likely need a guidance consular to help you take your first steps back in the real world. So immersive is this game experience. In the years to come it won't be possible to take people serious that haven't played this game.
game-hours: 370.1
review: Den som inte uppskattar The Elder Scroll's borde skmmas ver sin mikroskopiska husvagn.
game-hours: 535.5
review: I'm Addicted i just can't stop 10/10
game-hours: 24.9
review: No comment 10/10
game-hours: 440.5
review: this is one of the best games to come out in the last 10 years
game-hours: 48.6
review: Story and atmosphere really draws you in but it can get repetitive at times 9/10
game-hours: 141.9
review: Story isnt really that long to me but there are tons of side quests i give it a thumbs up :P
game-hours: 1110.7
review: Left my house at 8 am in the morning planning on getting some quests done, and then a dragon decided to come by. So I fought the dragon at my front door until 10 pm at night. Another day in skyrim. When I entered my house again, I found a fox strolling around in the room, so I killed the fox and skinned it, that's when my adopted daughter came to me and told me that she made a new friend--the fox that I just killed. 10/10 my daughter will never love me again.
game-hours: 6.9
review: There's a mod that puts Thomas the Tank Engine in the game 420/69 would play again
game-hours: 144.4
review: Killed a chicken and now the whole town wants my head 10/10
game-hours: 458.9
review: Just "Wow", If you buy one game on steam, this should be it.
game-hours: 53.2
review: If you want to put youself into a world that fantasy and dragon slaying never stops,thats the perfect game for you.Amazing graphics and atmosphere,extremely huge map,thousends of quests and a story that sticks uniquely with the previous Elder Scrolls.I believe its one of the best titles out there that every gamer must have.If you like fantasy and creatures than this game is for you!
game-hours: 174.1
review: such good game, much fus ro dah!
game-hours: 91.9
review: If you haven't played it already, there's no need for further speculation. Best RPG in the Milky Way, period.
game-hours: 29.5
review: This game is amazing 69/10
game-hours: 15.1
review: first i think this game is boring and **** i was played that game some hour and now i am sure this is game of the year (2011).this is really addictive :O 10/10
game-hours: 35.9
review: Oblivion with swords
game-hours: 573.7
review: If you love The Elder Scrolls or looking for a good rpg in general. I would Highly recommend this game. Great Game 9/10
game-hours: 173.3
review: Probably the best modern game I have played. I still have some old 1980s-90s games that are in my all time top 5, but Skyrim is hands down the best.
game-hours: 1218.3
review: Such an amazing game even just with the Vanilla version, however with mods on PC the options are endless!!! Even at full price this game is well worth the money, but on sale this is a no brainer to buy. Also very much worth it to check out the dlc.
game-hours: 22.1
review: This game is too much fun, I love this game. 11/10
game-hours: 131.2
review: IT GAVE ME KNOWLEDGE ON HOW TO SUCK HUGE
game-hours: 749.5
review: I have crammed nearly 700 hours into Skyrim! Mods help replayability of course. Yeah this games amazing. nough said.
game-hours: 82.9
review: Mods, mods, and more mods. I was hesistant to buy at first. It was fun, but I had already played the game. I put in near identical hours on the xbox version, but I wanted to play the game with mods everyone is talking about. Stop reading, just buy the game.
game-hours: 9.7
review: If you like Star Wars or GTA V this game is for you. 15/10
game-hours: 104.8
review: In all likelyhood, you will never run out of things to do in Skryim. Between the huge open world to explore, the great DLC expansions, and the huge host of content added by the community through mods, Skyrim is an experience that is essentially timeless, and endlessly enjoyable. When the Legendary Edition goes for as low as $13 dollars during the summer sale, you'd be insane not to own this game. Highly recommend.
game-hours: 58.7
review: Kann ich nur empfehlen ist einfach nur geil das game! :) So viel Freude hatte ich schon lange nicht mehr beim spielen besonders mit Mods ist es witzig :D
game-hours: 119.4
review: .
game-hours: 120.5
review: FOR SKYRIM!!!
game-hours: 672.5
review: This game is one of the best game released for the last generation, and also one of my favorites of all time. The fun you find there never ends with the tools and the big modding community that this game has. That's why it's still one of the most played game according to the steam stats, even though it's single player.
game-hours: 61.2
review: got laid over 50 times in a week. Left Skyrim open on my gaming pc overnight by mistake and woke up covered in es.
game-hours: 78.5
review: You can make mudcrabs have little top hats and monocles.
game-hours: 653.5
review: Best game ever.
game-hours: 184.9
review: Maximum fun
game-hours: 10.2
review: This is a great game. 11/10. i reccomend it to anyone with some spare change. BEST GAME EVER. i have this game on the ps3 but i like the console. this means absolutely no limitations. no more being scared of going somewhere because i might die. i try and avoid using godmode though. i only use it when i have to. like when i have 1 health left. all in all great game. PLAY IT NOW!
game-hours: 138.3
review: best game evar :D
game-hours: 558.7
review: Very good game, you will get many hours out of this. It does suffer from bugs and not so good storyline, but most of the bugs can be fixed with mods and many mods that adds more quests and improve some quest. Absolutely worth the money and don't regret buying it one second. One of the best games around!
game-hours: 44.7
review: Do you really need someone else's opinion to play this game? By now you've surely heard enough to pick it up. If not, you're dumb.
game-hours: 75.5
review: The world's best game in the world.
game-hours: 272.9
review: It goes without saying, this is one of the best games ever made! It's a Game of the Year accross the board. When you play a game for 150hrs and still have an overwhelming amount of sights still to see, you realize how much heart and soul was put into such a game!
game-hours: 97.7
review: Don't make this fus ro dah your  cause this game is awesome, good graphics beautifull storytelling and has mod support. P.S. do not mod this game too much or else ---> "fus ro dah... fus ro dah never changes."
game-hours: 26.3
review: i love this game
game-hours: 49.5
review: I just got skyrim i guess my friends wont be seeing me for a long tim
game-hours: 43.0
review: Great game, it is so much more fun with all the dlc's try playing with some mods from the workshop and just have fun!
game-hours: 123.9
review: Where to start...I've played all the other Elder Scrolls...With that said Skyrim is different. Whereas in the others you could walk around hours and find the world fairly void of life, on this you don't. Whether human or animal you are bound to find something to kill or just look at. The graphics on Skyrim are really enjoyable and the soundtrack really helps immerse you into the game. I played it 10 hours straight, and I normally don't do that, so it is worth buying...but do yourself the favor buy the one with the DLC...also I heard modding the game is insanely fun...I've yet to try it though. If you're a fan of open world RPG's where many things are customizable this is a must for you.
game-hours: 14.0
review: This game is a 1337 game that is powered on deditaded wam and redbull. Buy now!
game-hours: 72.5
review: skyrim is a fun game and it is for consil and computer
game-hours: 497.0
review: Simply put - A Great Game! Pack with hours and hours of fun! A great action packed adventure and find yourself emmersersed in your character. An amazing game and you should play it if you are a fan of this style of gameplay!!! Get it, its great! I also reccomend: Hearthfire and Dawnguard, skyrim DLC's!
game-hours: 127.7
review: I only recommend Skyrim in PC version only because of mods. pc community mod is what makes this game great. I honestly don't get why console version gets so much praise because Skyrim is well...  without mods. Skyrim without mod is glitchfest, boring, and non immpersive. mod is a MUST in this game. I recommend going to Nexus site for mods to check and see which mod has high score and subsribe them in steam workshop. Though I recommend just using Nexus site and program to get/organize all the Skryim mods
game-hours: 113.9
review: Amazing game!
game-hours: 239.8
review: One of my favorite games of all time. Though I still need to get past level 20, it is addictingly fun and is worth $30. If you have the chance, get the DLC.
game-hours: 172.1
review: Addictive, like crack cocaine. But very well done. Storyline is great, the fighting mechanics are reasonably well-done, but the main draw is the open-world environment where you can do anything. There are hundreds of side quests. The best part is that on a PC, there are tons of cool mods.
game-hours: 14.7
review: Quite possibly one of my favorite single player RPGs. Its even better with mods from the skyrim nexus or the steam workshop. PLUS its the only game where punching a chicken gets you a higher bounty than hitting a child with a battle axe!
game-hours: 166.1
review: Don;t normally have a favorite on PC or console when it comes to games, but if your PC can run it on High or better I'd say grab Skyrim for PC. Being able to mod the game gives it an infinite time limit on playability. Get bored of the main game? Download a mod that changes the story or adds a side-story to the game. Want your character to really stand out amongst the rabble? Get some armor/weapon mods. Don't like the leveling up system? Download an XP mod. I think you get the gist of it. Skyrim on PC > console.
game-hours: 11.7
review: Hours of enjoyment!
game-hours: 10.0
review: Awesome game:D so much to do and the mods are great :P
game-hours: 2108.1
review: Brilliant Action/RPG. Just so much to explore and evolve your character.
game-hours: 156.0
review: I will always want to play this game and will always recommend it, in-love forever! I could play this anytime anywhere, visually stunning and just hands down amazing! If you've never played it, it is a definte definte must must have!
game-hours: 456.9
review: An amazing role playing game with countless quests and interactive NPCs, the very epitome of gretness. A must-have game.
game-hours: 172.1
review: Great game tons of quests and storylines
game-hours: 318.3
review: Best game evah! Also buggy!
game-hours: 1004.0
review: Kei sjiek
game-hours: 231.5
review: I love this game... there is so much to do in skyrim The only annoying part of this game is the beginning and by annoying I mean: O my god I'd rather kill myself. From picking up flowers ingame to modding the crap out of it, everything is fun, i got almost 200 hours in it and there are many more hours to come! Definitely a must buy if you like games that aren't over in a couple of hours. The story of this game is Meh but everything else is superb. 9.5/10
game-hours: 153.3
review: almost as good as the upcoming MMO
game-hours: 134.3
review: Mods, Mods everywhere
game-hours: 318.6
review: 300+ hours of playtime later I can certainly say that Skyrim has quite a bit of content... It's a vast expansive and ridiculously pretty completely open world filled with monsters, ruins, interesting stories and just so much STUFF to fight, explore and loot. Plus if you ever run out f stuff to do, there's the workshop with a near-infinite supply of very decent user created content. For me it'll always be something I'll return to every once in a while. I'd guess the only downsides to this game are the fact that the main questlines (as opposed to say, Oblivion) are somewhat on the short side and that the population of Skyrim is a bit scarce (you'd really expect to run into just a few more people in the capitals), also watch out for the random vampire attacks with Dawnguard that will decimate your population if you're a bit unlucky (mods can fix that though).
game-hours: 118.2
review: Great, and even better when bought on sale.
game-hours: 41.4
review: Best chicken killing simulator
game-hours: 6.9
review: One of the best games ever.
game-hours: 5.0
review: Awesome game, easy to run and doesn't take an amazing PC to play 10/10
game-hours: 68.9
review: The most entertaining game I've ever played.Mere perfection.
game-hours: 344.2
review: ...and when I need to escape from my life for a while, I turn into a dragonborn girl and explore a new world. And when I feel lonely, I return to reality and go drink some coffee with my friends. Skyrim is filled with great stories, odd creatures and wonderful places which makes us want to explore it's world even more. As we're allowed to make choices within the game, we feel we're holding our own destiny and we're compelled to write our own dragonborn story. If you haven't tried it out yet, go for it and get lost in it's awesomeness.
game-hours: 121.7
review: If you like adventure this one is for you. BEST RPG EVER
game-hours: 52.3
review: I do ever so love this game. Cheers to Skyrim!
game-hours: 41.2
review: Very nice game - can stand next to the classics like Morrowind and Oblivion - can't wait to see ESO released.
game-hours: 161.9
review: gut game, much fun, best game evar, buy naow, serious though..
game-hours: 110.5
review: This game is just awsome - i can't get enough. 9.5/10
game-hours: 38.0
review: Total emersion
game-hours: 68.7
review: many hours of play. Endless world to explore
game-hours: 14.1
review: narm)
game-hours: 799.4
review: Brilliant game! on my 7th play through and still enjoying it as much as the first!
game-hours: 25.1
review: Comparing to Oblivion and the fact that ES:IV was AWESOME, Skyrim can be a disappointment in many cases, but Oblivion aside, it's a fun game to play, great adventures, great graphics and in total a perfect RPG, you should play it, and don't forget the 3 DLCs
game-hours: 262.9
review: Just yes.
game-hours: 9.2
review: This is a good game.
game-hours: 20.4
review: Skrim is a really fun game. Has the adventure, the excitement, the humor, and the unlimited mods that users created. 9/10
game-hours: 245.6
review: Best game ever.
game-hours: 4.3
review: Skyrim + mods = Winning!
game-hours: 72.2
review: Nice
game-hours: 84.1
review: Awesome game can't wait for ESO
game-hours: 98.7
review: great game not as good as oblivon
game-hours: 100.8
review: The Scope of the Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, is what makes it such a succsessful game. The RPG mechanincs in this game are very good: you can become whatever you want, a theif that uses magic, an Archer, a swordsman, or just a simple Mage. Added to that, there are over 300 missions/side quests that one can delve into which adds a lot of lifespan to the game. however with this comes the fact that some missions aren't all that diffrent from each other. most of the side quests are fetch quests, but even then it is still fun to do them because there can be a lot of backstory to the quest that can make it more intresting. As for the Campaign, i would say that it has a great story line, and the fact that you can pursue the campaign missions at anytime you want makes it very enjoyable to play this game. In terms of gamelpay, it has a decent combat mechanic that consits of hack-and-slash, but even then, the diversity of the weapons and magic make it enjoyable. Also, the map is very vast, as you will encounter Marshes and snowy peaks to plains of grass dominated by mammoths. The enemies are very diverse, ranging from Bandits to Dragons and Giants, and each one of these enemies have their strengths and diffrences, for example, trolls can regenarate health at a very fast rate, but are very weak when they are fought with fire. In terms of Gameplay, i give this game a 10 out of 10. The graphics are nothing special, but they are a great improvement from Oblivion, and it increases the amount of moments that make you stop and stare at the scenery, just wondering how beautiful and calm it all seems. but of course there are mod packs that make the visuals look much sharper and much better. For Graphics this game gets a 8 out of 10, as the graphics arent like Crysis 2, but they do look quite pretty. At last the Lifespan of the game is good, as i believe this game will continue to be played, as the steam workshop allows modders to create cool things that will add depth and content to the game, and like a lot of PC gamers know, Skyrim with Mods is much better and much more fun than Skyrim without mods. Graphics: 8/10 Story: 9/10 Gameplay: 10/10 Lifespan: 10/10
game-hours: 3271.0
review: ok since the release of the 1.9 patch in february skyrim has become greatly stable and glitches and bugs seem a distant thing,I know dragonborn was also part of this sucess but as the patch was released before the dlc then im inclined to think they nailed fix alot of skyrim bug/glitch issues,Thankfully the game runs awesome now and skyrim is a greatly reccomended game. "play from solstheim before meeting the blade delphine,Ignore the the jurgen windcaller quest and head straight for solstheim im lvl 26 now with the skills to take on the skyrim dragonborn issue"...just food for thought you dont need to be lvl 50+ to beat miraak"have fun,weeeeeeeeeeeeeee
game-hours: 11.2
review: Can't never have enough of this game!
game-hours: 453.9
review: It's cool games)
game-hours: 53.3
review: Zajebiste w  c:
game-hours: 984.7
review: This game ruined my life. 10/10
game-hours: 71.6
review: Very Elder-Scrolls-ey A++
game-hours: 142.6
review: It's SKYRIM, and on Steam, you have access to Workshop. I bought this game twice (PS3). Never regretted it once. It's amazing.
game-hours: 45.7
review: I am a quest , but I can play this game for hours and hours and hours without a goal. I love catching butterflies and selling loot to the highest NPC bidder.
game-hours: 108.9
review: So addicted this game XD
game-hours: 227.0
review: i didn't finish the movie becaue i was crying too much. i give it three wet kisses.
game-hours: 246.1
review: There's dragons and goats and talking dragons and non talking goats; overall this game is cooler than your mother's floral print granny panties. BUY IT NOW!
game-hours: 78.4
review: Steam Workshop makes it a millon times better, console commands make it possible to work around game breaking bugs, and its just better overall
game-hours: 127.8
review: Amazing game, best RPG I've played in a long time. Unfortunately Bethesda don't seem to be able to make a game without it including loads of bugs which really lets this game down. The game is perfectly playable, I've finished it a couple of times and when you're bored of the game you can install mods which is a big plus :)
game-hours: 128.8
review: such an amazing game. if your looking for a good free roaming game then get this
game-hours: 66.9
review: Awesome game! It has so much things you can do like build houses, fight dragons, become the ultimate theif, and soooooooooooooo much more. This is easily my favorite game of all time!
game-hours: 129.1
review: i have skyrim for xbox 360.its very cool And EPIC
game-hours: 130.5
review: Good game.
game-hours: 16.8
review: This game is absolutely amazing. Spent hours and hours on it.
game-hours: 263.2
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim Positives: + Amazing graphics which immerse you in the game. Travel through woodlands, swampy marshes, snowy mountains and experience beautiful architecture in cities. + Literally hundreds of quests which have captivating storylines and gameplay. + Various guilds to join, including the Dark Brotherhood (assassins), Thieves guild, Companions guild, Mages guild and Imperial Legion or Stormcloaks. + Hundreds of well designed dungeons, caves, tombs and other locations to explore. Every environment is different and interesting. You always feel like you're exploring something new and exciting. + Many skills to master. Enchanting, alchemy, smithing your own weapons and armour, numerous schools of magic, archery..that's just the beginning. + Skills system where you gain new powers each time you level up, which aids your gameplay. This is really fun and intuitive. Negatives: None that I can think of! Overall Score: 10/10 This game is a true masterpiece and any RPG fan will love it. Highly recommended.
game-hours: 239.6
review: I usually hate games with spells and swords with elves running around the place. which made me avoid this game when it was released, all the more difficult to admit it may be one of the most enjoyable games I have ever played. Expansive and involving with enough of a talented modding community around it to make even more beautiful to behold 10/10.
game-hours: 62.5
review: Why do i even have to say anything, it's skyrim, buy it .
game-hours: 80.6
review: One of the best and largest (no kidding) RPG game ever made. I've played this game since it's release (First on the PS3, then on my PC), and despite literally HUNDREDS of hours spent in Skyrim, the harsh north still manages to surprise me with something new. I have to say that it's one of the few games that are actually worth their price in gaming time. But this also leads to the infamous OMC (One More Cave) syndrome, which can enslave you to your keyboard till unhealthy hours. It's that addictive, but also that rewarding. It gives you a strong sense accomplishment each time you craft new armor or level up in magica based skill trees. And it doesn't age, as the community provides HD graphics enhancers and TONS of mods (some especially creepy). I get Goosebumps each time I realize that Elder Scrolls Online are just a few months away...
game-hours: 245.4
review: Simply amazing. The best Elder Scrolls game to date.
game-hours: 112.4
review: Awesome!
game-hours: 431.8
review: Such a vast game with lots to do, however can feel repetitive at times. You must mod this game, if not you are missing out.
game-hours: 322.7
review: You can go deer hunting with fireballs. Need I say more?
game-hours: 229.5
review: This is probably the best single player RPG I have ever played. GET IT!
game-hours: 229.4
review: finally bought it... slowly losing social life 12/10 would mod again..and again..and again...
game-hours: 199.1
review: Do I really have to say how much I luve this game? I've been streaming it at least 80 hours and invested even more time in it. I love The Elder Scrolls and this is their Masterpiece so far. (Though I'm missing the 8bit-sounds from TES 2...)
game-hours: 406.8
review: (((NO SPOILERS WILL BE REVEALED IN THIS REVIEW!!!))) This game is so much fun. You get to roam around Skyrim doing anything. The character creation is cool! You ride in on a carriage and are a prisoner. They do not see you on the list so you do your character creation then head to the chopping block. When they are mid chop off of your head a dragon rides in and destroys the town. Then you go to Riverwood and talk then go to Whiterun and warn the Jarl. You go to the Western Watchtower and kill a dragon then absorb its soul and become Dragonborn. You can become an Imperial or Stormcloak. You get summoned to High Hrothgar and are told to find the Horn of Jurgen Windcaller. You then are distracted to Riverwood again and meet a blade. Later in the game you get to pick whether to kill Parthurnaax or stay loyal to the Blades.
game-hours: 118.1
review: Go and buy it now just do it, its my favourite game of all time. i have it on ps3 and ive completed it several times and i bought it again to play with mods. i have spent months and months of my life playing each race levelling up each skill tree and i do not regret my decision AT ALL best game of all time in my opinion.
game-hours: 85.3
review: Skyrim is one of the best games that I could have something to do. the graphics are very good, and no doubt the story is compelling. the strength is the variety of weapons and abilities that you can disporre.punto weakness is the amount of bugs in the game. for graphics advice is to try to start with quality standards, and personalize them with a lot of patience to find the ideal set of detail and fluidity of the game. the story in the role of dragon's blood is not very long, but the game is enriched with various quests and different guilds. the chance to go around, and wander from the prairies to the cold mountains makes the game more exciting. I'm sorry I only tried one of the DLC on sale ... (in which I risontrato other bugs, but were eliminated with updates). The overall grade is the story 90/100 (which I expect longest), 95/100 and 90 for the graphics for the game as a whole. I recommend it guys
game-hours: 75.9
review: I LOVE THIS GAME.
game-hours: 69.9
review: Get Skyrim, google NMM, then kiss boredom's  goodbye.
game-hours: 131.6
review: Addictive as hell and ill be playing 24/7 without relizing half the time. i played from 8 a.m to 6 a.m the next day and didnt relize it till i looekd over to the clock.
game-hours: 113.9
review: Dis sum good game, dis here. U play as a u go around kill de man and take de white woman u can get married n u can do magik
game-hours: 25.2
review: Always been a fan of the elder scrolls series
game-hours: 406.5
review: I think the almost 400 hours played speak for themselves. Do you have +400 hours of sparetime? Do you have that urging feeling of slashing that bandit's head of with a twohanded axe made by an evil god? Or why not commit yourself to a beutiful killingspree of innocent people in a peacefull town? Basically, this is fallout, but instead of shooting your enemies heads of with a Nuke-throwing-machine-of-destiny, your chop them of using your fists. And this game has (some kinda) morals.
game-hours: 270.3
review: I Absolutely love this game! It is so addicting and I play it all the time, if you are looking to get this game, I extrememly recommend it!
game-hours: 83.3
review: Very good game easy to waste your life
game-hours: 309.2
review: 10/10. A masterpiece. A must own.
game-hours: 331.9
review: Wonderful immersive game. Played it to death on the xbox360 but loving the graphics and mods on the pc.
game-hours: 84.9
review: Pretty addicting,fun,beautiful, and awesome!
game-hours: 276.8
review: 248 hours and still loving the game!
game-hours: 429.2
review: Dear God... This game is the definition of awesome. Just remember not to kill your wife.
game-hours: 114.6
review: What can i say about Skyrim? Only place where you can say you took a arrow to the knee, or get hit for a home run by a giant! But Skyrim has endless possibilities!
game-hours: 621.4
review: Even if its now around 2 years old. its a amazing game. I recommend ALL OF THE DLC it is amazing and they add to it. the best part of skyrim you ask? that would be the modders. the game itself is a crown. and the mods and dlc is its gems. If you dont own it. buy it. it has good combat. good dungeons. immersive questing. and best of all.... A crap ton of modding sites and its own modding engine. For glory! for our kin! WE ARE THE DOVAHKIIN!
game-hours: 19.5
review: Fantastic game! top notch. highly recommend
game-hours: 1689.4
review: Soooo much to do! it might be smaller than any of the games before it, but with so much to do, and so many ways to do them, it will feel alot larger. It's fun, and has tons of replayability. Couldn't recomend this more.
game-hours: 32.8
review: An amazing game that brings back a lot of fantasy nostalgia while still being action packed and full of adventure.
game-hours: 549.4
review: This is a very good game, i've played hours of this and still like it
game-hours: 642.5
review: sandbox Action RPG   .  ,  .        .
game-hours: 382.9
review: It's hard to give an objective review for this game as it is one of my all time favorites. I've played over 500 hours grand total, and I'm still going. As objectively as I can...: The vanilla game (meaning, without mods and dlcs) can last over 80 hours, depending on how you play. That means, no fast traveling, doing every quest you pick up, exploring, and doing all the factions. That's not bad considering how much the game costs. It's a fairly free form adventure in terms of character progression. You can choose to be a mage, a theif, or a warrior, or any combination of those. Potentially, there are hundreds of different ways you can choose to progress your character. On my most recent play through, I've decided to be a heavy armor wearing Imperial legionaire. I use one handed swords and shields, and I despise magic. By role playing, I've decided to make the civil war my main quest line, and I'm mostly ignoring the dragonborn quest line. I've also made characters that focused soley on theives guild quests, and assassin's quests. By role playing, I've managed to get hundreds of hours out of this game. The one draw back is that eventually you will see almost everything that the vanilla game has to offer. While you will still come across the occasional random occurance, like a giant beating on his mammoth, the game will begin to feel stale. The DLC's (mainly dawnguard and dragonborn) will add another 100 or so hours to the game (potentially), before you begin to run into the same problem. It will eventually feel stale. The graphics will feel out of date, the same old voices, followers, dialogue, combat, places and quests... It'll all be something you've done a dozen times. This is where modding comes into play. By using mods, you can extend your play time in this game by hundreds of hours. The best thing is that the mods are completely free! Graphics overhaul that make it rival battlefield 4 or crysis 3. Weapon and armor mods that quadruple the types of weapons in the game. Difficulty and spawn mods that make it more challenging and increase the number of enemies. Even variant mods that add enemy variants. There are even a few very well developed mods out there that rival the size of the official dlcs, with full voice acting and more quests! Would I recommend this game? Well, not on the consoles. But for a PC player? HELL YES!
game-hours: 135.5
review: Great game , about 11 ish hours of story missions with SO many mods for it you can literally never get enough.
game-hours: 298.1
review: Worth Every Penny
game-hours: 18.6
review: FUN!
game-hours: 269.7
review: A must-have for all RPG fans.
game-hours: 90.6
review: This game is a fun rpg open world fantasy game that you pick your class and fight of tons of things i reccomend this game to people who had fun in Dota 2 but wanted it to be more open
game-hours: 86.3
review: pretty awesome
game-hours: 220.7
review: best RPG game, tons of never ending fun especially if you like modding to make it look even more beautiful.
game-hours: 1.4
review: like skyrim with dragons
game-hours: 126.5
review: the elder scroll fun to play ready to future universe
game-hours: 422.4
review: If you are looking for a good rpg look no futher for skyrim will satisfy all your role-playing needs. after 3 years of it bing out i still play skyrim and it appears that quite a few other people do to, skyrim still has a very popular and diverse modding comunity and after all this time it has not even reached its peak. A+++ for bethesda gg.
game-hours: 664.5
review: MODS
game-hours: 127.8
review: I've waited this game more than any christmas ever, since I've beaten the Oblivion weeks after the release. It's gonna be so damn great and glorious ;-; OVER 2 YEARS LATER: Still rocking! I just stuffed 20 potatoes in my face while spider was eating my arm, Lydia watches me masturbate and kids wanna play tag with Dark Brotherhood assassin, but to be frank, you don't really find better RPG spectacle than this game. ... Unless you like challenge. Then you go and buy Dark Souls, you bloody N'wah.
game-hours: 67.9
review: I now go on the internet through Steam so I don't have to exit this game
game-hours: 242.0
review: This game is sweet
game-hours: 65.4
review: I love this game. It takes a little getting-used to if you're new to the franchise like I was.. there are a lot of systems which aren't done in other RPG's. Mastering things like using your "Quick Slot" and the open ended quests takes time, but it's well worth it. Very hard to find something negative to say about the game, but for the sake of constructive criticism, I will say this: The DLC content feels a bit rushed, and it's the only place I encountered any bugs at all. Particularly with the 'Dawnguard' expansion. Buy this game, play the hell out of it. You won't regret it.
game-hours: 325.2
review: Skyrim is just such an awsome epic game. To bad it is so good, it does not leave much time for the other elder scrolls games.
game-hours: 108.7
review: This is sheer epicness, the game has alot of stuff to do. And with all the mods to download you are sure to play this game for hounderds of hours. That's all from me. Buy it! :3
game-hours: 460.6
review: This is hands down, one the best games I have ever played in my life. The graphics are amazing, the combat is fun, and the lore runs really deep. It was really easy to become completely sucked into Skyrim. Skyrim has TONS of stuff to do, and with the workshop and the Nexus it doesnt stop.
game-hours: 278.1
review: awesome
game-hours: 777.1
review: Great way to waste your life
game-hours: 124.9
review: I love this game, one of the biggest benefits to the PC version is that you can get mods to enhance the gameplay beyond the original. If you are smart and avoid the mods that are game breaking and just go for the ones that add depth to character dialog or raise the graphics to next-gen levels, or adds new areas to explore, then it has so much more replay value.
game-hours: 40.3
review: I killed Lydia by pushing her off the mountain; she became a burden. 11/10
game-hours: 390.6
review: I love this game. Cons: NPCs are ofter uninteresting and nothing to care about and the UI is bad but mods fixes the UI Pros: EVERYTHING ELSE! It is an awsome game and can made into something beautiful. The amount of mods and user made content will give you the abillity to customise your experience to something uniqe. Just take my advise and install SkyUI, Skyrim SKSE, HD texture pack and an ENB and it will be one of the best looking games ever.
game-hours: 104.6
review: Bisher das beste The Elder Scrolls
game-hours: 39.6
review: Amazing RPG. It has an almost infinite amount of side quests, many abilities, and lots of loot. Mods just add on to all of these!
game-hours: 163.5
review: FUS. RO. DAAAAAAAAAAAAH.
game-hours: 302.6
review: Best RPG since Morrowind
game-hours: 66.1
review: Perfect game.
game-hours: 1057.9
review: A gaming experience that offers a variety of enjoyable playthroughs and a character development system (perks, guardian stones, etc.) that lets you play without as much of a hinderance on playstyle as many other games would seem to enforce, while keeping the door cracked open for interchangeable playstyles without being overly forced to make a new character to play as you want.
game-hours: 172.8
review: I loved it now im hopeing for watchdogs if someone would be nice and give it to me your money according to you woulnt be wasted O_o but yes i love rateing out of 10 i 1000 =3
game-hours: 443.0
review: This game is my second favorite game of all time.It has a lot of replay value,allthough its hard to finish the last few levels. Unmoded its a good game but moded its awsome,so i recomend moding it.
game-hours: 67.9
review: Loving this game, I have like 40 mods already. This game looks INCREDIBLE and feels INCREDIBLE now.
game-hours: 197.0
review: I figure since I have enough games to tower over a 6 foot tall man, I should at least give you the one i enjoy the most on my computer. The main reason I love Skyrim on the computer is because there is ALWAYS a way to get new content, without having to wait for Bethesda to spoonfeed it to you. I think that Skyrim is one of the besy RPG style games to date, and its modding community only adds to it. If there is one game I'm not ashamed to say that i own more than 1 copy of, and have dumped well over 700 hours total into, it's Skyrim. It's a game that every story-loving gamer should own, and is a prime example of an open world done right.
game-hours: 175.4
review: THE BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 76.6
review: bowl ugly going on like legal
game-hours: 137.3
review: Words can't describe what I have experience in this game honestly like where do I start! 1. Mods 2. More Mods 3.s of Skyrim (must have for immerson) But seriously this game is amazing I remember playing it for the first time on xbox back in late 2011 and now playing it on pc with hundreds of mods! and even though the story is a bit dull compared to Oblivion and Morrwinds stories and is the basic overused YOUR THE CHOSEN ONE it is still amazing and I've played through it 5 times on different platforms. Anyway I recommend this to anyone that enjoys games where you can do what ever the  you want or for people who wanted a challange because you can really change the whole game with mods anyway I keep going off subject besides all the awesome things in this game I will admit that the dragon fights are very very easy and the same repetitive hit them when they get on the ground and asorb there soul crap but thats nothing a couple mods can't fix anyway buy this game just do it!
game-hours: 107.2
review: amazing
game-hours: 85.9
review: Endless gameplay, beautifull graphics! 100% worth it!
game-hours: 59.1
review: An ok game turned great due to the community mods. Without the mods I don't think I'd enjoy it as much as I have.
game-hours: 148.7
review: This is my all time favorite game, (excluding Minecraft,) but I love the way the NPCs dont just say one thing over and over again, (unless you make them.) The graphics are amazing, and I just can't believe how much work was put into this game, but all in all, this game is epic!!!!
game-hours: 61.5
review: The most recent and arguably best addition to the Elder Scrolls series, Skyrim takes you to an immense world where you can fight monsters, rob houses, or court some of the loveliest ladies (or men, if you swing that way) on the continent. If you finish up with all the quests, which is unlikely, you could download or make a mod on the workshop, and play some more. This is the kind of game you should buy if you're looking for length in a single-player game.
game-hours: 85.2
review: Best RPG I`ve played in my life still, even though it`s aging!
game-hours: 221.1
review: Skyrim  YA
game-hours: 164.3
review: Elder Scrolls is a great game for both the hardcore adventurer as well as the at home family man. Good for action as well as pass-time.
game-hours: 384.2
review: One of the best games I have ever played! I have put over 200 hours into this game, and there is still so much more things to do. Countless quest with amazing dialouge and exploration, along with an epic story full of action and battles. I have never played a game this much fun in my entire life! This game is even worth the full price. A 10/10 rating this game should have :D
game-hours: 86.7
review: skyrim is a great game that really gets you hooked in and makes you want to play the story more and more as you play it. skyrim is also open to steam workshop so mods are really easy to install and the game is really well optimized so i dont thimk anyone should get any lag what so ever
game-hours: 869.5
review: (Might be spoilers. Tread with care) Play one of several races. Loot, craft, enchant, fight with weapons or wizardry. Generic sounding? In theory. In practice? Whimsically & groundbreakingly awesome on so many levels. In what other open world game do you get to climb giant mountains, for crying out loud? Though widely viewed as less magical than its predecessor in terms of its atmosphere by Oblivion fans, it is also rightfully recognised for its own grittier aesthetic which complements the celtic/norse house style of the UI in a way that brings the feel of the frosty homeland of the nords forth like nothing else. Also, it arouses further intrigue to see the empire hanging in the balance, & even the Blades forced from their former glory into, um.... well, nine gods know where. Then we have the DLC. Dawnguard? Meh, but having more content for Skyrim was bliss in itself, so I approve. Dragonborn? Now we're talking; what better than to get a glimpse of the Dunmer culture once more, served alongside a deeper exploration of Hermaeus Mora (the fact that his quest was connected to the core game's main quests was a neat introduction to daedric quests, but a bit desperate) as we delve into his realm of apocrypha. Hearthfire? Never bought it myself, but eh, if you WERE looking to build your very own ingame house.... But I must digress. Skyrim: Legendary edition is out there in case you hadn't already caught onto this masterpiece. Although after clocking an, ahem, 800 & over hours of gameplay, I'm not quite as ecstatic these days, I reccommend giving Skyrim... a try? No. This thing was a turning point for my gaming career, from pure nintendo into the world of PC gaming. Go whole hog or go home; you have an albeit small country to fudge around in.
game-hours: 10.1
review: this game is amazing!
game-hours: 45.8
review: Very engrossing. Will easily consume a couple days.
game-hours: 90.8
review: This is the best elder scroll game yet. It has 3 different addons, Dawnguard,Hearthfire,and Dragonbor i give this game 5 out of 5
game-hours: 84.4
review: A great game if you dont like certain limits, and being able to play even if you finish the main story.
game-hours: 330.2
review: If you love RPGs. This is a must have. If you hate RPGs. This is a must have.
game-hours: 843.1
review: I am perfectly comfortable in saying that The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is by far the best game that I have ever played. The combat is familiar but still keeps things fresh to differentiate itself from previous Elder Scrolls titles. By current standards, the graphics and character models may seem a bit muddy, though this can be fixed by one of Skyrim's strongest features, its amazing mod support and community. While the base game of Skyrim itself can keep most players busy for a few hundred hours, mods add hundreds more, and with DLC-worthy mods such as Falskaar and the Skywind Project, the game seems as though there is no end. Gameplay aside, the lore and quests in this game don't offer as much freedom as Morrowind or Oblivion, but don't tie you down enough to where you feel like you're being forced to make a certain decision. The game offers the player a lot of freedom, as all side quests in the game can be completed as long as the player has obtained the power of the Thu'um, and that's another great feature all together. The Thu'um, or Shouts as the game more frequently refers to it as, is a power that the player (and a few other important characters) possesses that allows him or her to use their own voice to pretty much annihilate the enemy. There are more than 20 different Shouts in the base game, with the DLCs adding even more, and each one is uniquely different than the next, so the player doesn't feel like they're just getting an alternate version of the same power each time. A few other small things to mention is the simplified Level Up menu that allows your character to distribute stat points and perks without having to find somewhere to sleep and the amazing character customization. Honestly, there isn't much that I could find wrong with this game. And I'm pushing 800 hours of gameplay. So seriously, if you don't own Skyrim and you need to blow a few bucks, buy it. Trust me, you won't regret it. On a scale from 1 to 10, I think it's quite obvious at this point that the Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim receives a strong 10/10 from me.
game-hours: 146.9
review: Dis Good Very Very Good BUY IT!!!!!!!!!!! Dummcuffs
game-hours: 157.8
review: One of the most fun fantasy action/adventure RPGs out there with an open world. There are probably thousands of quests to do, many sights to see, and the epic battles you will have are endless. The leveling system is incredibly unique and allows one to play exactly the type of fictional character they desire by completely ruling out having to choose a class. Without a doubt, this is personally my all-time favorite game.
game-hours: 126.6
review: Amazing!
game-hours: 97.3
review: If you have time, you will lose it
game-hours: 38.8
review: This is probably one of my favorite games of all time! Other consoles seems to have some bugs even today but theres nothing you cant fix on steamplay!
game-hours: 226.5
review: If you have some hundred hours to spend and you are into action rpg, this is the game for you. You are so free, the quests is so awesome and the possibilities seem endless. A GREAT GAME!
game-hours: 152.4
review: Fantastic game, especially with all the workshop mods!
game-hours: 260.8
review: Skyrim.. skyrim is one of my favourites games, i can play this game for hours and never get bored, the plot is pretty great, and the whole meta quests from random people are endless which is awesome! also, the guilds all over skyrim make the game more special and fun to play, in addition the dlc's this game has give another few hours of great gameplay (dragonborn is my favourite) and the mods.. ho the mods this is the best part of the game, so many mods and trainers and STUFFZ I can change and play all over again. to conculde, the game is pretty much great and has awesome graphics.
game-hours: 76.8
review: Game never gets boring 10/10
game-hours: 137.1
review: very addicting open world game, i can play it for hours on end.
game-hours: 367.1
review: I personally have played this game for such a long time. I love open worlds and I still come back to this game every now and then to play it.
game-hours: 17.1
review: 11/10 with mods
game-hours: 122.9
review: ,  ,  .       .      .    -  ...- : ,  ,  , ,  , , , ,     .     ,  +     ,       .       50 .   100    .       .      !  ,  .      , ...   !!! (1000/10).
game-hours: 77.7
review: Let's just cut straight to the chase, Skyrim is a staggering success, end of story!! It sits near very top of role-playing genre, almost equal to Baldur's Gate, Planescape, Fallout i.e. the games yet to beat?! For that reason alone, it is AN ABSOLUTE MUST PLAY!!
game-hours: 224.2
review: The game is not perfect. That is why if you are browsing for this game on the PC and using steam, all hope is not lost. While you can spend a few dozen hours playing through a reasonably fun and large world, you can easily spend a hundred more with the power of MODS. The default mod repository that is the steam workshop works like a charm, providing fixes and additional content for you to enjoy aat will. For adventursome modders who want bigger and badder extras there is always Nexus mods.
game-hours: 71.2
review: this game is AMAZING this has a kind of short story but EXCELLENT game play. by FAR one of the best games i player EVER.
game-hours: 47.2
review: This game is so great, I LOVE exploring and level systems so everything have a level... And I love skill branches... I love it, sob. In Skyrim you don't have to follow the main quest if you want (but eeeh it's neccessary) and I just... It's so fun to just go around and see what you'll find. One time I was in Riverwood, and a dragon appeared just like that. And I paniced I was like ",  THAT I CAN'T DEAL WITH A DRAGON RIGHT NOW." And I went into the Inn... And the music was still playing, but muffled. And then I was like "Fine okay if the music keeps on playing and puts its ing belief in me then okay... I'll do it." And I went out and the dragon was GONE and EVERYONE WAS DEAD. I looted everything, and got too much . And many times I've gone to kill a dragon, finding myself run away to a giant so the giant can kill the dragon instead. GOOD TIMES. I think a lot of people can find fun in this game, it has so much stuff in it. Just... Buy it.
game-hours: 99.8
review: I got Skyrim a while ago for my Xbox 360 and it is probably one of the best games I have ever played, and I didn't know it could get any better until I got it for PC. I'm typically one for playing a game with no cheats and no mods, but I gave one or two mods a little try and now I have my game modded out to the point I'd much rather live in my game than real life....minus the flying, fire breathing angry dragons of course! (And those oversized spiders can go too...) Without mods the game is still great, of course. I love that you can freely roam the world and do as you please. Be good, help people out, steal from them, cut their heads off, set everything on fire, start a large battle with an entire town... Good times, good times... Some of the quest lines for the guilds I felt could have lasted a lot longer, have more missions and be a bit more in-depth with a bigger storyline and maybe some more NPCs. And I do recommend the HD dlc if your computer is able to handle it, plus it is free and does add to the feel of the game a bit. And despite the prices I also feel that the DLC Dragonborn and Dawngaurd are worth getting as well (I don't have them yet for PC but I know they are enjoyable from my XBox 360 experience). Hearthfire is good too but if you are looking for more gameplay and quests it is best to go with the other two expansions. (Though Hearthfire is enjoyable...who doesn't want to build their own home and adopt some child you randomly find? Ok I hate kids but building a house was enjoyable.)
game-hours: 79.0
review: Hase Swag
game-hours: 660.3
review: What can one say about a series like Elder Scrolls. Yes it has plenty of frustations but in the end it is an amazing game of our generation and thankfully for PC players there is a legion of modders out there contently making the game more playable every day. Highly recommended
game-hours: 397.7
review: This game is amazing in every sense of the word. Highly playable without mods, but with mods, it is a whole new experience. Incredible to the point of how close you want to visually see the game. Eg. (Visually speaking): Normal looking video game vs. Reality.
game-hours: 50.9
review: Great Fun Happy Super Golden Panda Time! Dragon
game-hours: 798.3
review: Great open world game with tons of side quests all wrapped up in the gift that is Skyrim. Main downside is the length of the main story, it felt to rushed and short at times. This is fixed by the tons of factions that the player can join. All in all its a great game.
game-hours: 14.7
review: Amazing Game. Cant Be Compaired To Any Else Elder Scroll Games. This is the best elder scrolls game i have seen since they have made it with a true DragonBorn!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 41.9
review: It is awesome to mod this game and  around with the console commands
game-hours: 57.4
review: Good St00f
game-hours: 163.8
review: do it
game-hours: 123.8
review: Awesome game, probably my favourite game of all time, at least the one I've spent the longest playing. I've just logged 100 hours since New Year. I may have a problem.
game-hours: 189.2
review: very fun
game-hours: 73.8
review: Probably one of the best games i've ever played. Even though it is a little old, it still is a great game. Skyrim has a lot of things to do other than the main quest line. Plus there are mods that adds even more content to the game. Would game again 10/10
game-hours: 204.2
review: I could never get into previous Elder Scrolls games, but had a greatly different experience with Skyrim. I highly recommend this game, even to those who have not be fans of the series in the past.
game-hours: 50.5
review: This game is the best!
game-hours: 162.3
review: If you have a soul, you'll play this game
game-hours: 71.3
review: Great open world Game
game-hours: 93.1
review: I highly recommend this game to all RPG lovers. This game had so much work put into it and is worth every cent. If fighting dragons, exploring duengons, reaching max levels, casting spells, or just plain exploring is your thing then Skyrim is perfect for you. It has all that and more! The graphics are amzing, sometime even too much. The workshop is perfect for making the game more coustomazable then it already is. Also not to mention the amzaing thousands of differnt quests you get to do in the game that will never leave you bored. Not to mention the differnt DLC packs for this game which I recommend buying too. Every single moment of this game will keep you want to play more. Once again I highly recommend you get this game :D
game-hours: 146.3
review: Best Elder Scrolls game since Morrowind
game-hours: 114.9
review: Great game.
game-hours: 78.8
review: do you love to kill dragons or spiders and do you love to kill 100000000000000000000000 guys this is the game for YOU
game-hours: 107.0
review: tenoutten
game-hours: 254.5
review: 150 hours on record. Completed almoast every quest. Still I go back every day to this game. Mods keep it alive for me.
game-hours: 65.6
review: asdfghjkl;'
game-hours: 5.3
review: AMAZING GAME only doing this for the badge
game-hours: 306.5
review: Yummy graphics, totally up to you how the game runs, you can be who you want, look how you want to look, kill who you want to kill, and as always steal as much fruit and veg as you can fit down your pants :)
game-hours: 134.5
review: The Elder Scrolls are a strange bunch of games. In Skyrim, like Morrowind and Oblivion that proceeded it, you wonder around a huge open world, inhabited by wooden NPCs who all seem to utter the same phrases, in a voice you've heard several times before. You engage in clunky, repetitive combat and the main questline falls short of the Tolkienesque epic it could have been. But that's not quite what Skyrim is about. Skyrim is a huge world, intricately crafted and it's the little touches that make it amazing. It's finding a chest behind a waterful overlooking a beautiful landscape; Looking up from the ruins of an ancient underground city to see a crack of sunlight filtering through the rocks, illuminating the architecture of the lost race that once thrived there. Or maybe it's watching the corpse of an undead warrior smash its way out of a burial tomb, an aura of unholy magic nestled in those souless eyes. It's not the quests that make this game, they serve as an interesting motivator to get you out there exploring, the carrot on the end of an elven stick if you will. This game is about the unscripted moments and immersion in a land imbued with a rich mythological heritage. Skyrim never ceases to wow me and coupled with the mods available in the workshop and elsewhere, you could explore the land for weeks without finding half of whats to see. It's been on sale a few times in the last months and, even if you've played it on a console, with the graphics settings maxed out and a few mods to freshen the experience, Skyrim is a fantastic game with plenty more life left in it. It gets a huge thumbs up for me and I'd suggest anyone remotely interested gives it a go and sees for themselves why Skyrim players have racked up some of the longest playtimes for any Steam game, despite the lack of a multiplayer component. Rock on! It gets a huge thumbs up from me!
game-hours: 1201.7
review: I Played this game for 1,000+ hours and now I cant tell difference between game and real life
game-hours: 68.2
review: Amazing RPG! definitely worth the price. 10/10
game-hours: 377.3
review: I have never been a big fan of sandbox games. Seriously I like small scale games with strategy and rpgs with a boring linear progression with a plethora of side quests. That is not to say this game doesn't work like that but really there is sooooo much you can do and sooo many side quests. When I finally started to play it, it became one of the best games I had ever played with story and world lore in abundance. You can spend hours reading every book in the world and days exploring every inch of this world. If you are looking for an escape there are few places better to escape to.
game-hours: 81.1
review: This game can be a bit slow paced but the story line makes it well worth the time spent. If you are playing it on the PC go to teh Workshop for Skyrim and grab a few mods. All in all a good game with good workshop mod's to support it.
game-hours: 123.9
review: Wollt ihr ein super Rollenspiel inklusive Aktion dann holt euch Skyrim V Das Spiel ist Mittelalterlich gehalten es gibt an manchen Stellen ein schnes Feeling.Man kann Drachen reiten und andere sachen auch.Die Spielzeit (um das ganze Game durchzuzocken) liegt bei 200 oder mehr stunden.Also jeder der mittelalter fan ist,sollte es sich kaufen man kann es eign.immer spieln von daher nur zum emphelen.
game-hours: 390.3
review: This game will bind you to your PC and wont let you go for a long long time. The Main Story-line is good, solid, and befitting of the Elder Scrolls. Some complain that it is nothing special, which might be true it is nothing totally new. But one has to consider that most things seem to have been there at one point or another. Instead of laying the focus on innovation I rather put it on how the story is delivered. The Story unfolds depending on your playstyle, you can have it unfold right into your face if you rush ahead. But you could also spend days or weeks in the game and barely scratch the surface of the Storyline. There is a lot to do in Skyrim, a seemingly endless amount of side-quests offer diversion and immersion into the Lore of TES ( The Elder Scrolls ). Besides delving deeper into the TES universe that way, one will also be rewarded with Coin, magical Weapons, Ancient armor and more. The Combat System is not overly complex but offers enough freedom for creative approaches. Especially on higher difficulties, or through mods, combat can be quite challenging and rewarding. Freedom of choice regarding Weapons and Magic add to the diversion of the combat system. Playstyle changes accordingly to ones choice of Weapon and Profession. The Visuals of the game are good and the design of the world appears Epical. Granted the basic Graphic was not spectacular but through the means of a free DLC it got much sharper. There is also the option of visually modding the game, the results are simply stunning. The Sound is bombastic, it adds to the immersion, the music is putting one in the right mood and underlines the fantasy setting. The Graphical User Interface is clearly a console Port, but it is managable. The game has a very active mod community, especially on the Nexus. One can drastically enhance or change the game there and replay it countless times. Each DLC adds greatly to the game as well, adding new content, options and storylines. The game definately has flaws, logical ones, some bugs, but they are not game breaking. The saying " perfection is made by flaws " fits, in regards of the mod community, very well here. Many a flaw inspired a modder to contribute to the game turning a semi rough diamond into a gem to behold. If you like freedom of choice, action, a nice story, immersion and exploring then you should not miss this milestone in game History.
game-hours: 198.1
review: Even without mods, this game is amazing. PC users have the edge in the thriving community that put out more and more content that elevates Skyrim to the next level. 10/10
game-hours: 329.3
review: THIS GAME IS AWESOME
game-hours: 299.0
review: A must have for any Rpg fan, no need to say anymore it has everything you could ever want
game-hours: 31.3
review: I love this game~!
game-hours: 65.2
review: This is by far one of the best rpgs created with 273 quests this game is a must buy.
game-hours: 80.7
review: Just had a three-day weekend, spent 24 hours of it playing this game. 10/10
game-hours: 312.5
review: Best game ever!!!!
game-hours: 83.5
review: It's Skyrim. Seriously... Buy it.
game-hours: 65.5
review: Spectacular Graphics and the best story
game-hours: 27.4
review: This is best game. I own it on three systems and enjoy each time I play through.
game-hours: 317.7
review: ruined my life
game-hours: 140.4
review: BUY IT! SLAP SOME MODS ON PROFIT!
game-hours: 419.7
review: This game is epic in every way. Of course you already know that by now unless you've been living under a rock these past years. Seriously though if you haven't played it and are a fan of roleplaying action than drop whatever your doing and give TES V: Skyrim a playthrough. It will change your life.
game-hours: 129.3
review: never played an elder scrolls game before this but was tempted by the hype of ESO so bought their anthology and its more than lived up to its reputation - i can't say enough great things about this game. anyway i'm hooked so back to questing, exploring and decision making
game-hours: 138.3
review: So I bought this game in Christmas of '11 origionally as a gift for someone else (for the Xbox 360). He had already owned a copy and I didn't know it. As a result I took this game and gave him another one from my stash, which I believe was the newest Call of Duty (MW3?). Let me begin my actual review by stating this was my first Elder Scrolls game, and it got me so hooked that I own every game in the series and am beta testing ESO. I Love This Game. So when I got into it on the Xbox, the first thing i noticed was the possibilities of doing whatever you wanted. It hooked me with a narrowly avoided decapitation, and then the evasion of a dragon, going through Helegan Keep, and thats where the magic happened, both literally and figuratively. Haadvar gave me countless posibilities to get through just the first quest. Magic, Two handed weapons, Dual Weild, Shield and sword, bows, and even subcategories in between (Sword swings faster than warhammer, but sacrifices power). Then comes the choice between nice, enchanted robes, quick and light Light Armour, or slow but strong heavy armour. And that is just the first thirty minutes. Once you really get into the game with quests and what not, you have tons mre options. You can do short, sweet, and simple Miscelaneous Objectives, Side Quests which are a bit longer, but with a greater reward, or Main Quests, which are usually long, but add the most to your experience and give you the best loot. I could go on for hours about everything you could possibly do in this game, but the sad part is that I have hardly scratched the surface. On the 360, I have 1,271 hours, PS3 I have 767, and on the PC I have a good 312 hours (most are offline because I am rarely home lately, which is why I started PC gamming in the first place). The moral of the story is not that I have no life, just I choose to do what I love with my life, and Skyrim is just that thing.
game-hours: 145.2
review: Has the best nude mod ever! :P
game-hours: 191.5
review: I'm sure you've heard all the hype and well... to be honest it's all true. One of the best games of this generation.
game-hours: 145.4
review: Backwards flying dragon glitch. 'Nuff said
game-hours: 294.1
review: Wasted countless hours on this game. 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 253.7
review: The continuation of the excellent Morrowind and Oblivion, Skyrim streamlines many of the biggest complaints fans had from those games (the obtuse and painful levelling systems among them) and continues the experience of the biggest open-world fantasy RPGs ever made. Like the previous games, you're going to want to get the Unofficial Community Patches (Google it) to fix some of the more glaring issues, and the modding community is huge. Much like the previous games, Skyrim also suffers from some lack of depth; the consequences of player actions are limited in overall scope, which is unfortunate. This is similar to other bethesda games, including The Elder Scrolls and Fallout franchises. Ultimately, depth gets somewhat sacrificed for the huge scope and freedom of the game. That said, Skyrim is still an amazing experience that any fan of RPGs of any kind should strongly consider playing. The 'lack of depth' critique only holds true in comparison to other fairly linear RPGs (Deus Ex franchise, Mass Effect, Witcher, etc) and should not be taken as a negative so much as something Bethesda needs to work on going forward.
game-hours: 1355.8
review: This was my first Elder Scrolls game. I hesitated to start it because just getting involved with it seemed like a monumental task, but I felt obligated to try it out and see what all the fuss was about. I'm very glad I did. The game is very very well done. The art is beautiful, the stories are interesting, the lore is worth exploring and the gameplay is engaging. There are many ways to play this game, and before I move on, I will have tried many of them. But because of the huge mod support that it has, ranging from simple to staggeringly complex in practically any direction you wish to take it, I will have only scratched the surface of its possibilities. I very much look forward to experiencing more of this studio's fine work in the future. Here are a few suggestions to those who wish to play the game at it's best. 1. Google the skyrim nexus and download their mod installer for the game. 2. Search the site for and install all the "unoffical patches" that you need for your level of downloaded content. This kills all the meaningful bugs that are present in the game. There are a few noticable ones that while they don't completely ruin the game experience, if you are OCD at all as I am, they will irritate you. There are some broken quests and a few other glitches that the studio never fixed and are unlikely ever to at this point, but the mod community has done it for them. 3. Don't try and do everything with a single character. The game is huge and there are hours of things to do and many decisions to make that will drag you in different directions. Making some of the decisions vastly change how the rest of the game plays out. Try and stay true to what your character would do and I think you'll really be happy you did later. 4. Try not to use cheats or game breaking mods. You're really going to hurt your game experience and butcher any challenge that the game presents. This game scales with your level so there really are ways to beat whatever you're up against at almost any level. If something is too hard, go do something else and come back to that particular challenge later after you've gotten more powerful. Enjoy folks, this is a great one.
game-hours: 21.2
review: but den i took an arrow to da knee
game-hours: 28.3
review: Again, I haven't got as much play time on PC, but on XBOX, I have heaps (minimum 250 hrs) Become the strongest person in Skyrim, the Dragonborn, and defeat the dragon threat! The dragons have returned to Skyrim, 200 years after the Oblivion Crisis. They are stronger then ever and are out to inslave the human race again. Or, become the arch-mage of the Mages Collage, or leader of the Companions, or maybe the most feared theif in the land! Master you voice to defeat the Dragons, or help in the civil war. Decide your alliance. Either the Imperials, who fight for Skyrim to remain in the Empire, or Stromcloaks, who fight for independence from the Empire. Who ever you choose, it will be a great experience for you! Many dark secrets await you, in The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim!
game-hours: 111.7
review: Love this game it is so addicting and hard to stop playing. I will start a quest and keep going and the next time I look at the clock it will be 4 hours later.
game-hours: 211.6
review: 10/10, best game of 2011. Even after 2 years I still can find things I have never seen. If you have never play Skyrim or any Elder Scrolls game you must!
game-hours: 54.8
review: It made me  many times. 10/10
game-hours: 34.4
review: BEST ING GAME EVER 9999999999999999999999999999999999999999999/1 PERFECTO GREAT PYS ALSO WITH THE HORSE IN PISFIC THERE AWSOMEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE SRRY IM JUST SUPER HIPPED I JUST GOT OFF AFTER ABOUT *checking* 46 AND A HALF HOURS :D. YEAH I LIKE IT I KILLED THE EMP THOUGH IN ABOUT 1 HOUR NOT HARD MAKE IT HARDER PLZ TO EASY AND TO SAY GOODD BYE DKNSFJDSBGNKFDNVLFSDBUDJHDKHNKVC BTW HUGE FAN BYYYYYEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERTYUIOPOIUYGFCVBNJVFCFRTYUJHGFRTYHBGVFGHNBGHJNM
game-hours: 34.4
review: BEST ING GAME EVER 9999999999999999999999999999999999999999999/1 PERFECTO GREAT PYS ALSO WITH THE HORSE IN PISFIC THERE AWSOMEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE SRRY IM JUST SUPER HIPPED I JUST GOT OFF AFTER ABOUT *checking* 46 AND A HALF HOURS :D. YEAH I LIKE IT I KILLED THE EMP THOUGH IN ABOUT 1 HOUR NOT HARD MAKE IT HARDER PLZ TO EASY AND TO SAY GOODD BYE DKNSFJDSBGNKFDNVLFSDBUDJHDKHNKVC BTW HUGE FAN BYYYYYEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERTYUIOPOIUYGFCVBNJVFCFRTYUJHGFRTYHBGVFGHNBGHJNM
game-hours: 145.6
review: Awesome game, by far the best I've ever played.
game-hours: 195.7
review: This is insane game, don't know how to start and I don't know how to end. It has and endless quest, pc version is the best I have ps3 version and i coudn't finish one quest because it keep crushing.
game-hours: 223.4
review: This game is BRILLIANT i reaaaaly enjoyed playing it :D
game-hours: 219.7
review: Immense, but feels like a step back in terms of complexity from Fallout: New Vegas. A bit too simplistic if you may.
game-hours: 26.6
review: BEARS
game-hours: 61.3
review: buy it faggets
game-hours: 293.9
review: Even though this game is now three years old, this game is still fantastic. So many different choices to pick from just from the vanilla Skyrim. Browse the Steam Workshop and get so much more out of this game. Browse any modding site for Skyrim and the possiblities are endless. This is an absolute must have for those who love RPGs.
game-hours: 247.7
review: If you don't have this already....Why not? An incredible and beautiful game with a massive amount to discover and do plus a huge amount of mods in the steam workshop to enhance and personally tailor your game experience to your liking. Go.......Buy it now.....you have to!
game-hours: 140.3
review: Never really got into Morrowind or Oblivion, but dammit, Skyrim has me more than hooked. Even if I stop playing it for months, I can come back to the same game save and binge for 20 hours and still have so much game content left to play. 67 hours of game time so far and I haven't even seen what is West of the initial city or attempted the "main" story quests.
game-hours: 88.3
review: If you're a older elder scrolls fan this game may upset you a bit,to see it be watered down and some of the best parts of the older games removed But that aside its till a amazing game,it has alot of content to play around with. I highly reccomend mods for this game,it adds that little bit of spice to this game and really buffs it up a notch,this game has endless replayabiltiy and it adds even more replayability with mods.
game-hours: 88.7
review: ELDER SCROLLS is the best damn series ever and lore is epic in the world of tamriel and im a true nord myself but theres alot of lore taking action in this game and on pc this game is just badass mods make the game more exciting i mean on 360 and ps3 i still loved this game so yeah and just to let you know this games like four years old and its 2014 and people are still making those great quest and other epic mods i suggest you get this game you will know it when you get and play it you will surely enjoy the Elder scrolls v skyrims experience.
game-hours: 16.7
review: When you can see ants on a log, you know its a good game!
game-hours: 139.3
review: One of the quinessential western rpg:s in my opinion. It has so much to offer, and the game should last from anywhere from 10 to 20 + hours of gameplay depending on how you go about it.
game-hours: 253.7
review: Epic game lots of quest too do 10/10
game-hours: 773.5
review: Skyrim is one of the most engaging and vast action RPGs to date. If you love games, this game merits a play for any gamer.
game-hours: 219.5
review: It's a decent game with good graphic with a good story line and side quest that most of the time links up together with other quest. Character customization is pretty big and when you're bored you can download mods to enjoy them at you're spare time.
game-hours: 375.7
review: You are less of a gamer if you have not played Skyrim by now. 11/10 Pro's : Great graphics, beautifully detailed landscapes. Many side quests along with the main quest. Countless hours of entertainment! (I guess it is counted hours of entertainment thanks to Steam) Con's : A lot of recycled voice acting, wonky horse mounts, even wonkier dragon mounts (Dragonborn DLC) Great game, lots of fun. If you disagree and think you could do create a better game, by all means, Mod Skyrim to your hearts content, the Skyrim world is your oyster!
game-hours: 139.2
review: Best game I have ever played hands down
game-hours: 313.3
review: I used to be a Adventurer like you then i played this game so much my eyeballs fell out of my head!!!!! 9/10
game-hours: 23.0
review: Highlight any glaring weaknesses of Skyrim difficult. Some moments, say, work and beneficial to the game, and harm. For example, the camera. First person view was the best decision in the early nineties, but now it may well be abandoned in favour of a form of a third party. Then fights probably would become more dynamic. However, without the view from the eyes you'll have nothing at The Elder Scrolls. Many fans would not accept the change. Ultimately, the only thing that matters is how the game was fun, and in this respect Skyrim is at the height. From it extremely difficult to break away: her pulsating with city life world addictive head. Bethesda once again demonstrated aerobatics, creating the game simultaneously extensive and easy to learn, conservative, and having dug.
game-hours: 48.5
review: You can bake sticky buns.
game-hours: 135.4
review: One of the best RPGs of all times. Enough said.
game-hours: 567.4
review: Best, game, EVER!
game-hours: 28.4
review: One of my favourite game series you can pour countless hours into this. Its a masterpiece and an example of how good games can be when developers really try! if you havent played it where have you been?
game-hours: 49.4
review: good game , not as much choice or style as fallout but still very good . graphics are a bit dated but still good
game-hours: 222.0
review: Best. Game. Ever. *-*
game-hours: 252.9
review: It's Skyrim! What the hell can't you love about it?!
game-hours: 215.6
review: What year is it? 10/10
game-hours: 53.5
review: This game is amazing. be a hunter andspend your hours killing deer using a bow destroy the sun(dawnguard dlc) be a mage or just go fishing( mod) if you havent got it yet,dont delay,get it today!(sorry for the cheesy rhyme)
game-hours: 16.1
review: Ahhh Skyrim what can i say that hasnt allready been said. Amazing titel in the elder scrolls series. Complete open world... hell you dont even have to do the main questline if you dont want to. Pretty amazing graphics even better with mods. The workshop community is great. Can be buggy but its bethesda and hey youve got console commands right. So overall if your debating weather or not to buy this game... stop and just buy it.
game-hours: 135.0
review: It be fun, yo.
game-hours: 185.4
review: This is an AWESOME game and i would recomend it to anyone. 5 star game
game-hours: 157.4
review: If you don't have this game yet, get it now You have no reason not to. It's amazingly fun and replayable. Combat is simple yet fun, and the difficulty can be lowered or raised even in combat. Simply exploring the massive lands of Skyrim is fun and often rewarding, and there's bajillions of sidequests and miscillanious quests to play even after the main story line. Even though it's the fifth installment in the Elder Scrolls series, this game stands alone perfectly fine. There are some glitches, but if you save often, you shouldn't have to worry much about them
game-hours: 43.6
review: nonstop since 11.11.11
game-hours: 46.5
review: Just when you think you've had your fill of Skyrim, something incredible happens. You come back. I'm not talking about testing the waters as we've all done in Runescape or Guild Wars 2 or World of Warcraft. This is a more genuine feeling. It's not a toe dip for holiday events. Every few months I'll take a look at Skyrim and see something new to like. A new mod(or 4), DLC I haven't played, a better appreciation for playstyles or races I've shunned; and then once I'm there, I find new content or experience it in a completely new way. This time, the simplest of things. In Skyrim, a game seemingly half-constructed by the community playing it, one tiny tweak has revived the entire experience all over again - the removal of the HUD. That's it's wonderful draw, that's why Skyrim is timeless. There's enough here that it never feels bland, unless you want it to be. Skyrim is a game where, the more you want to enjoy it, the more option you have to and the more you *do* enjoy it. New mods that fulfill a Magestyle with a full complement of interesting effects, new weapons, more NPCs, in-game achievements that affect your character, redefined skill trees. If there was ever a game worthy of mods, it's Skyrim, and the community has put so much wonderful effort into it. But after you've gotten everything to your liking, it's the GAME that allows for all of this customizable enjoyment. The developers released the tools, and we've been off to the races ever since. Moreso than my sweetheart Payday 2, or really any experience you don't craft yourself, Skyrim will get YOUR fantasy. Immersive, modular, and plain out one of the most reliably enjoyable games ever made. Skyrim is a real winner and worthy of your shelf/library.
game-hours: 146.5
review: Such a great game
game-hours: 548.5
review: JUST AMAZING
game-hours: 463.8
review: This game is great for the PC gamer because of the extensive list of mods in the workshop on steam. The game itself is great, DLC or not. If you take advantage of the Steam Workshop, and use mods, you can vastly expand your player options. I love this game. I am glad I fianlly picked it up. My first impressions of the game were that it was a medeviel version of the fallout games, and that didn't appeal to me at all. So it was a long time before I finally got it. Everyone told me they had similar impressions but were very suprised to see that wasn't the case. There are several different races you can play that alter your playing experience and character interactions. You can customise you characters looks, including dirt, warpaint, complexion, etc. There are numerous armor and weapons to make your character as unique as you like. The map is extensive and every location offers you some for on quest or interation. Unlike similar games like Fallout, once you complete the main question you just keep going, it doesn't end. You can constantly improve on your skills to get better and stronger. The homes, villages, and landscaping is beautifully designed. All of the aspects of the game are great, however you can improve and expand it tenfold through the use of Steam Workshop mods. A must have for all pc RPGers.
game-hours: 872.9
review: Beautiful, expansive, epic, and addictive. I litterally sat down for a summer and racked up over 400 hours and still had so much left that could be accomplished on a single character. And I played this unmodded. With the rediculous amount of mods out there, you could continue to play this game until Half-Life 3 finally comes out. Skyrim offers everything I would ever need in a game: Exploration, adventure, customization, excessive item hoarding (optional), entire weeks disappearing, replayability, and so much more. I've sunk so many hours into this game and I've enjoyed every second of it.
game-hours: 566.1
review: After 557 Hours, I've betten all that DLC's and snagged evey acheivment.. Both proud and sad at the same time.. But I loved every minute!!
game-hours: 152.5
review: My hands-down favorite game of all time. A must play for everyone. 12/10
game-hours: 476.9
review: So much fun.. it's .
game-hours: 77.6
review: Best game I have ever played, I've poured hours into one character, and I still have tons and tons of stuff to do. Definitely a must own for anyone who loves Fantasy, RPG's, or Fantasy RPG's.
game-hours: 187.1
review: Open ended game that lets you play the way you want to play (Almost to a fault!). Your character will experience amazing storylines all initiated by you yourself in the order you want to do them. The base game content is rivaled by the insane amount of mods out there, with a huge number of them being excellent quality and will add almost countless hours of gameplay to an already impressive amount... of gameplay. Yes, waste your life here folks. Its worth it.
game-hours: 312.8
review: 10/10 Like Skyrim with... Oh wait, this is Skyrim.
game-hours: 141.1
review: Excellent Game. One of the best RPG's out there! Always been a huge fan of the Elder Scrolls Series, and this one was top notch yet again!
game-hours: 92.2
review: Awesome game!
game-hours: 22.0
review: This game is one of my top 10 favorite games. The Elder Scrolls has always been a fantastic series and this game is no different. The graphics are completely breathtaking, the gameplay is refreshing and fun, and the story (along with all of the side stories) are fantastic. I rate this game a 9.5/10. If you havent played it, i suggest you give it a try!
game-hours: 172.9
review: Don't let the game decieve you. Dragons aren't real.
game-hours: 110.3
review: Phenomenal sandbox experience with an overwhelming amount of content, realized in a truly beautiful fashion. Lands, characters, creatures and sounds blend perfectly together, setting the mood and tone just right. Jeremy Soule's incredible soundtrack adds another dimension to your gameplay and amazes you every time as you travel through the province. Skyrim means absolute immersion and long hours of fantastic time.
game-hours: 24.5
review: Very Good Game, I still enjoy playing it.
game-hours: 14.1
review: Great game.
game-hours: 161.8
review: I have spent an obscene amount of time just wandering around stealing whatever looks shiny and sniping anyone who has a problem with it. This game is a great way to just do whatever you want but not in that boring sandbox way.
game-hours: 648.6
review: This game is great! If you can pick it up you will enjoy the 150 hrs or so you will be playing the game enjoy!
game-hours: 113.2
review: wow played 700hrs of this game before i got a pc
game-hours: 33.0
review: Just started to play the game I don't think I love it but I don't hate it. Bought the legendary edition for $20 which was so worth. I reccomend buying this on sale if you don't own it allready.
game-hours: 90.3
review: Absolutely in love with this game, its all but perfect!
game-hours: 138.3
review: I took a break from gaming for the last decade. My last console was a Gamecube. I bought Skyrim on the recommendation of a friend (who hasn't left gaming for a decade), and holy freaking cow. It's slightly better than a Gamecube game. After 120 hours, to say my mind is officially blown is the understatement of the decade.
game-hours: 498.4
review: Talk loud and slay dragons while being told about everyone's lower body articulation problems
game-hours: 73.8
review: One of the best games of all time, and best bethseda game ( coming just after fallout 3 and NV). The graphics are amazing, the story and side quest have pure genius thinking into them. There is a crap ton of stuff to do in this game like makeing a house ( hearthfire DLC, a MUST), crafting weapons and armour, mining, Joining clans such as the Dark Brotherhood or the Theives Guild, killing random beasts, collecting items, getting a wife & kids, ( HF DLC), and stealing peoples . I would give this game a 9.5/10 and it would be in my top 10 games of all time list. -Connor
game-hours: 84.9
review: Great detailed world, hundreds of NPCs, quests, locations and items. Magnificent graphics and atmosphere. Everything done at best quality to ensure games will dive into this world for weeks and months. And when you think you quite bored of this game - welcome to install dozens of mods made by dedicated communinty.
game-hours: 1388.7
review: I've been playing skyrim probably a little longer than I should have, can't stop, it's like a drug exept it doesn't harm you. Great game, thank you Bethesda.
game-hours: 321.9
review: If you're looking for a way to get fired, divorced, and cut off from your family, get Skyrim. Skyrim is also proven to lose weight, just buy playing it! It's true! At least 0 out of 10 doctors have verified this statement! You'll play this game so much, you'll forget about that pesky 'outside world'. Silly things like hygiene, bills, responsibilities, all this garbage goes away when you're playing this magnificent work of art and storytelling. The amazing amount of time and love that went in to developing this game is obvious in everything that you will do. This is not your average 'on rails' POS, it's genuinely an experience. it's a rare game that doesn't force you to play any one style, but instead, it lets you choose and rewards you for your unique vision. You can go sword & board, all magic, archery, two-handed hammers, combinations of, and more. Tired of trying to find the perfect weapon? Craft it yourself. Wish it had fire damage? Enchant it. Want to call someplace home? Build it. Need a family for said home? Get married and/or adopt kids. Slay dragons or tame them. See amazing landscapes that defy words. Experience a story where your decisions will shape the continent. There's so much waiting for you, come be a part of it!
game-hours: 64.1
review: great game, looks amazing on ultra!
game-hours: 514.9
review: dragons!
game-hours: 343.7
review: Awesome game! Want more!!!
game-hours: 79.4
review: Really good game one of my favourite so BUY IT
game-hours: 65.4
review: Such quests Much dragons Very magic Wow
game-hours: 87.4
review: This is an RPG if you like playing medieval games that involes a lot of fantasy this is for you
game-hours: 7.8
review: This game is one of the best singleplayers only! It has over 40 hours of gameplay(including sidequests and DLC). And best of all there are many classes to choose from. Warrior, Assassin, Mage, and many more! Skyrim has many different characters with very different attitudes toward you. You also have DragonBorn blood(get the game to know what this is). Bethesda put a lot of work into this game and it has shown to be worth thier effort. Get this game and your going to have a really great time!
game-hours: 42.9
review: absolutely amazing! there are so many mods to enhance and/or make the game funnier/more entertaining
game-hours: 307.1
review: Accessibility: Crap. Interface: Crap. Player progression and difficulty control: Crap. Usability: Crap. Balancing: Crap. Yet average rating of 90+ anywhere you look. Why? Because this game is pure RPG madness. Especially recommended if you are capable of letting your mind shape the world. This game offers your all the audiovisual stimuli needed to do so. If you want a more slow paced RPG with choices, cutscenes and cinematic presentation Dragon Age is the way to go. Skyrim is for the free roaming RPG adventurer type.
game-hours: 15.1
review: Best game iv ever played. All my hours are clocked up on the xbxo 360 with all of the acheivments gained!
game-hours: 777.0
review: Everything said about the game is true: Skyrim just purely rocks. You have finally a game that lets you live your character's life and he or she can become anything you ever wanted. A warrior forging his own weapons and armor carving a path of pure destruction? Done. An elven ranger of sleight figure and insane bowskills complete with animal companion and the ability to heal herself along the way? Done that one too. The scholarly spellcaster with flowing robes, devastating magic but kind and compassionate? Done even druids who turn into werewolves at a full moon and are attuned to the world of Nature - you're only limited by one thing: you. If she has a fault it's that there aren't enough hours in a day to put into Skyrim and yet with the sheer nuts amount of talented modders out there you're never short of something to do. Research a new potion, make a new armor.... even get married! Always something going on in Tamriel and always something you can find to occupy yourself with when looking for time to kill in this thing we call a 'real' world hehe.
game-hours: 28.5
review: wow this game is like milk on my body 11-10
game-hours: 50.6
review: this game is awsome!!! I give it a 10/10
game-hours: 45.2
review: Best RPG so far.
game-hours: 112.4
review: The game is the best of its Genre. The only issue I have is with the script fails and bugs that can occur during gameplay and the point that Bethesda hasnt made sufficient effort to Patch and fix them. Otherwise u can get the Unofficial Skyrim Patch from the Nexus that will fix the most common bugs altough they cant remove the main core ones. Overall 9/10 for this great piece of art. :)
game-hours: 286.7
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is the big, bold, and beautiful sequel you hoped for and is sure to bewitch you for countless hours.
game-hours: 341.0
review: easy to mod this sh*t
game-hours: 28.1
review: Brilliant game, spent many hours of fun on... Made even better by this mod I found :')
game-hours: 328.3
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim has taken away DAYS of my life. With so many characters to interact with, and most of them giving quests, the game is hard to get bored of. The province of Skyrim is a vast land waiting for you to explore every last corner, find every last septim, and kill every last dragon. As a role playing game it is fantastic, with a major questline for each player to purchase it. For example, if you want to be a hero then join either the Companions or the College of Winterhold, but it doesn't stop there, if you want to use combat join the Companions. For magic, join the College. You also have the standard 10 Elder Scrolls races (Argonian, Altmer, Breton, Dunmer, Imperial, Khajiit, Nord, Orc, Redguard, and Bosmer) that each have different starting stats and abilities. The combat in Skyrim isn't the best. The weapons are varied and can fit different playing styles, but when you hit something it just seems like you're wacking something with a sword until it falls over and dies. You can't tell that your even hurting it without it's health bar, but it's not the worst combat. Finally, the story. For me, the story was definitely NOT the best part of the game. It was pretty simple, basically you're the "chosen one" and you go on an adventure where more people tell you that you're the chosen one, and then for some reason you need to find an Elder Scroll, and then more boring stuff. This was why I stayed away from the main questline. Overall Skyrim is fantastic and definitely is worth your time. I give it a 4.7/5
game-hours: 7.4
review: Skyrim is an amazing game, There is so much to do and the story in my opinion is great. If you like medieval games, then Skyrim is the perfect game.
game-hours: 72.9
review: Best Open World Game on the market.
game-hours: 103.3
review: Amazing Game But Ever Since I Switched From Xbox 360 To PC I Need Mods To Enjoy The Game.
game-hours: 90.6
review: one of the best elder scrolls ive played
game-hours: 58.1
review: Amazing game 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 97.6
review: I played Skyrim for a few days solid. Then not much after that. Skyrim, I feel, suffers from the sheer AMOUNT of stuff to do which kind of ends up being fetch quests. Too many quests and too many places to go for too petty of an objective. Skyrim's greatest strength is also it's greatest weakness. It's so huge and there's so much to do, there's nothing to do.
game-hours: 86.5
review: Skyrim is cool.
game-hours: 4652.9
review: This is the game the never, ever ends. I picked this game up thinking I wouldn't like it having never played a previous TES game before. Sat in my Library untouched for about a month or two, and finally took the plunge. I was wrong. I was so very, very wrong. This is probably the best purchase I've ever made on steam. Add in the unlimited potential of modding, and it's an adventure that continues forever. I've probably restarted over a hundred times by now with a new character, and still only have beaten Alduin once. ONCE. There's still so much more do to and explore that I'm still discovering quests and areas and little hidden things. I still can't believe how much there is to do and I'm still finding more. At it stands I'll probably wake up one day having lost all touch with reality and actually start seeing the world as Skyrim with how much I've played. And I'm totally ok with that.
game-hours: 3210.9
review: Ruined my life. Five stars.
game-hours: 1164.7
review: If I had to choose between this game, and my girlfriend. I'd pick this game. EDIT: I'm single now ON A MORE SERIOUS NOTE: This game is the best in its genre. In previous Bethesda games they made a sad balance in between Questing, and Exploration. Some having more quests and less places to go, and others having very few quests and more places to explore. But in Skyrim, there is no shortage of quests, and if you are like myself and just wander around aimlessly, you will stumble into places that just blow your mind. Every time I have replayed this game, I stumbled into something new. For more info i'd very much recommend mods, with mods such as texture packs, difficulty, quests, armor, and weapons, this games replay value is endless. Go through the game once with plain skyrim, then mod the hell out of it. Overall I'd rate this game an EASY 10/10. If you haven't already. Please buy it, give it a little, and I swear you will be hooked.
game-hours: 150.9
review: >murdered Nazeem in the middle of town >carried him up to the Cloud District >threw his corpse down into some nearby water >retrieved his corpse >carried him back to the middle of town >guards see me, don't care >left Nazeem's corpse bent over a well >guard hard staring me whole time >decide to leave market place >accidentally hit "E" while looking at tomato >get sent to jail for stealing tomato 10/10
game-hours: 247.4
review: An epic game made all the more epic by the fact that it is so easy to mod and so well supported by the modding community. The Elder Scrolls series has a large following and often you will hear people argue over each new TES game comparing it to the last, but for me each TES game stands on its own merits, and Skyrim is no exception. The story is pretty good and there are plenty of side quests, but what makes Skyrim so great even when not modded is its large and open nature. This is a land you can just pick a direction and with no quest in mind and just explore. You will find danger and excitement on your journey ... and loot. Lots and lots of loot. But once you start modding this game, that is when you unlock the true value that is Skyrim. Potentially thousands more hours content (for free) in a game that can be improved ten thousand different ways from graphics, textures and sounds all the way to game mechanics and user interface changes. You can make the game exactly what you need it to be, and play it for so long you may still be playing when the next game in this series comes out.... and sometimes longer than even that. If you are interested in modding the PC version of the game, be sure to check out my guide for beginners:
game-hours: 148.5
review: A game where trying to interact with giants holding clubs turns into the funding of NASA's space program.
game-hours: 12816.1
review: Play it, mod it, play it again, mod it some more... It's a dangerous cycle: your pets will die of neglect and your friends will leave you. You won't care, you'll just install more mods.
game-hours: 92.5
review: I was stacking books on a shelf in my house in Whiterun, one of Skyrim's major cities, when I noticed a weapon rack right beside it. I set a sacrificial dagger in one slot, an Orcish mace in the other. They were on display for nobody but me and my computer-controlled housecarl, Lydia, who sat at a table patiently waiting for me to ask her to go questing. The chest upstairs was reserved for excess weapons and armor, the bedside table for smithing ingots and ores, the one next to the Alchemy table for ingredients. I'd meticulously organized my owned virtual property not because I had to, but because tending to the minutia of domestic life is a comforting break from dealing with screaming frost trolls, dragons, a civil war, and job assignments that never seem to go as planned. It's even a sensible thing to do; a seemingly natural component of every day existence in Skyrim, one of the most fully-realized, easily enjoyable, and utterly engrossing role-playing games ever made. Part of what makes it so enjoyable has to do with how legacy Elder Scrolls clutter has been condensed and in some cases eliminated. In Skyrim, there's no more moon-hopping between hilltops with a maxed out Acrobatics skill. That's gone, so is Athletics. The Elder Scrolls V pares down the amount of skills and cuts out attributes like Endurance and Intelligence altogether. There's no time wasted on the character creation screen agonizing over which skills to assign as major. You don't assign major and minor skills at all, but instead pick one of ten races, each with a specific bonus. High Elves can once a day regenerate magicka quickly, Orcs can enter a berserk rage for more effective close-range combat. These abilities are best paired with certain character builds  the High Elf regeneration is useful for a magic user  but don't represent a rigid class choice. Major decisions don't need to be made until you're already out in the world and can try out magic, sneaking and weapon combat, emphasizing first-hand experience over instruction manual study, letting you specialize only when you're ready. It contributes to the thrilling sense of freedom associated with life in Skyrim. Do a quest, kill a dragon, snatch torchbugs from the air, munch on butterfly wings or simply wander while listening to one of the best game soundtracks in recent memory. Despite the enormity of the world and the colossal amount of content contained within, little feels random and useless. Even chewing on a butterfly wing has purpose, as it reveals one of several alchemical parameters later useful in potion making at an alchemy table. Mined ore and scraps of metal from Dwemer ruins can be smelted into ingots and fashioned into armor sets, pelts lifted from slain wildlife can be turned into leather armor sets, and random books plucked from ancient ruins can trigger hidden quest lines that lead to valuable rewards. Skyrim's land mass is absolutely stuffed with content and curiosities, making every step you take, even if it's through what seems like total wilderness, an exciting one, as something unexpected often lies just over the next ridge. Many times the unexpected takes the form of a dragon. Sometimes they're purposefully placed to guard relics, sometimes they swoop over cities and attack at seemingly random times. In the middle of a fight against a camp of bandits a dragon might strike, screaming through the sky and searing foe and friendly alike with frost or flame. Momentarily all on the battlefield unite, directing arrows and magic blasts upward to knock down the creature, creating impromptu moments of camaraderie -- a surprising change from what may have been yet another by-the-numbers bandit camp sweep. Dragons show up often, their presence announced by an ominous flap of broad wings or an otherworldly scream from high above. The scale and startling detail built into each creature's appearance and animations as it circles, stops to attack, circles again and slams to the ground makes encounters thrilling, though their predictable attack patterns lessen the excitement after a few battles. In the long run they're far less irritating than the Oblivion gate equivalent from The Elder Scrolls IV, can be completed in a few minutes, and always offer a useful reward. Killing a dragon yields a soul, which powers Skyrim's new Shout system. These are magical abilities any character can use, you don't have to specialize in spell casting to slow time, throw your voice, change the weather, call in allies, blast out ice and fire, or knock back enemies with a rolling wave of pure force. Even if you favor sword, shield and heavy armor and ignore magic entirely, you'll still be able to take full advantage of these abilities provided you find the proper words  each Shout has three  hidden on Skyrim's high snowy peaks and in the depths of forgotten dungeons, serving as another reason to continue exploring long after you've exhausted the main quest story, joined with the Thieves Guild, fought alongside the Dark Brotherhood, or thrown your support behind one of the factions vying for control of Skyrim. Not only is this land under assault by dragons, long thought to be dead, it's also ripped in two by civil war. You can choose one side or the other, but so much of the allure of Skyrim is how, even outside of the confines of quest lines, the embattled state of the world is evident, and steeped in a rich fictional legacy. Lord of the Rings this is not, but with the release of every Elder Scrolls game, the fiction becomes denser, and the cross-referencing for long-time fans all the more rewarding. Skyrim's residents are all aware of current events. They'll comment on the civil war, some sympathizing with the rebels, others thinking the establishment sold its soul. The peasants complain about the Jarls who control each settlement, the Jarls complain about the rebels or foreign policy, the overprotective College librarian complains when I drop dragon scales all over his floor; many characters feel like whole, distinct personalities instead of vacuous nothings that hand out quests like a downtown greeter hands out flyers for discount jeans. Characters stereotype based on race, they double-cross at even the slightest hint it might be profitable, and they react to your evolving stature within the world. It makes a ridiculous realm, filled with computer-controlled cat people and humanoid reptiles, demon gods and dragons, feel authentic, like a world that existed long before you showed up and will continue to exist long after you leave.
game-hours: 68.4
review: Killed an old woman. Stole a plate. Got arrested. (Because of the plate). Fought a dragon. Stole a crown. Got drunk. Became a werewolf. Killed bees with fire. Followed a talking dog. Visited the old dwarven cities. Killed robots. Became an assassin. Killed the emperor. Got beaten to death by a whole town for stealing a cabbage. Became a respected general. Fought bandits. Poisoned mead. Stole cabbage again. 10/10 would Skyrim again.
game-hours: 477.1
review: At first you are like this games fun, then you are like woah there are mods and then you don't stop the mods and then the next thing you know you are playing as a giant with a strap-on fighting thomas the tank engine
game-hours: 48.7
review: Excellent immersion, deep and complex storyline (if a bit rediculous at times), and, at least for me, very good loading times. If you are a fan of western RPGs, this is an excellent game for you.
game-hours: 232.5
review: yes
game-hours: 341.3
review: Loads of fun.
game-hours: 455.1
review: There is no game I have consistently come back to more than Skyrm. The price of the game and all DLC's has paid itself over tenfold in experience. I love the elder scrolls lore and modding community.
game-hours: 26.9
review: Fantastic game for both 1st person, and 3rd person gamers.
game-hours: 67.0
review: Run around as a crazy swede (or cat-man) high on sugar killing romans in a land were it is always a diferent season a few clicks away. and this is in the vanilla game, no mods. now with mods the posibilites are endless.
game-hours: 218.8
review: This game consumes almost your entire life it is so overwhelming at first. The weekend i got it i put like 30 hours in, it is fantastic fantasy base and the modding community really shines. if you plan to get this make sure you don't have parental responsibilities or work/financial.
game-hours: 1495.4
review: I love all Elderscrolls. Skyrim is my favorite due to capabilities; however, if I could swap timelines from the release of Oblivion and Skyrim I would be a very happy man. The most engrossing quest line is definitely the Thieves Guild line. It is the only arc in which I am motivated to complete a certain number of radiant quests. While most other arcs are fun, I just wanted more from them. The main quest line is fun, though who really plays the main questy line in Elder Scrolls? In all, I love this game and I will continue to play probably until Elderscrolls Online releases, then I will more than likely never see it again...I'm sure all previous Elderscroll games will be more or less obsolete regardless.
game-hours: 245.3
review: One of the best game I have played this year.
game-hours: 34.8
review: amazing and even funner with mods
game-hours: 69.2
review: The game is so fun. So many fun and unique quests to take part in. And not to mention so many fun steam workshop mods with no fee. Probably the best game since uncharted2. i dont know any other things to say about this piece of art.
game-hours: 41.4
review: Not going to make this long because i could go on for days about how amazing and truley enjoyable this game is, it has always been my favorite game of all time ever since it came out. There is so much to do with never-ending quests that include and extreamly elaborate story line. 10/10 Hands down !
game-hours: 89.9
review: The best game ever!
game-hours: 337.9
review: An amazing open world game...
game-hours: 136.2
review: Amazing game. Well done and has endless hours of fun!
game-hours: 277.8
review: best life ruiner in forever.
game-hours: 52.6
review: 10/10!
game-hours: 309.9
review: One of the best RPG games ever made! This is a must buy for every RPG gamers.
game-hours: 172.8
review: :O EPIC :O
game-hours: 187.3
review: I refer you to this video:
game-hours: 66.2
review: EPIC
game-hours: 65.8
review: Incredible game experience - epic battles, epic landscape, epic music. The best game ever made !
game-hours: 434.0
review: I lost over 400 hours of my life that I will never get back. Best thing I ever bought! :D
game-hours: 20.9
review: cool
game-hours: 92.6
review: Le meilleur RPG au monde apres Elder scrolls Oblivion.
game-hours: 561.7
review: A very large fantastic experience, especially if you mods it with great things like brighter water, dragon souls for perks and more armors/weapons from The LOTR (etc.)
game-hours: 116.3
review: Skyrim is not game of the year , Skyrim is game of the decade. Perhaps the single most non-linear game with a beautiful open world and dynamic settings where you can almost literally go and do anything you please, Skyrim was my first experience with The Elder scrolls series , I had got it as a Christmas gift in 2011 for the PS3 , I managed to log well over 800 hours of game play ,always starting a new game after hitting level 50ish .also got all three DLCs (Dragonborn) (Dawnguard) (Hearthfire) after they become non exclusive (still sort of pissed about that one ) and that added another 100 or so hours of game play . But even so, eventually the grind catches on , i had done the whole story , every side quest and nearly every radiant that you can think of several times over , it would be a safe guess to say that I had done the story nearly 20 times , and so after my love of skyrim died I turned to Oblivion ( and eventually getting well over 200 hours of gameplay ) . and then Steam puts Skyrim Legendary edition on sale (from what i can remember it was 25 % off ) and so after playing it on a console for the past few years, and always wanting to be able to mod it , I grabbed it on steam , and the love for it found me again, after finding a few wonderful mods here on the workshop I found myself wrapped in it again , and while the story line is pretty much the same (aside from a few mods) , the ability to add and take away elements from this game makes it all worth while again . so would I recommend Skyrim to You ?, most probably, if you like playing games that utilize critical thinking skills , and if you like open world RPGs , and if you have somewhat of an Imagination , then yes I would .
game-hours: 12.1
review: i have put soo many hours into the xbox 360 edition of this game and lucking forward to doing the same on my PC
game-hours: 37.3
review: MODS!MODS!MODS!
game-hours: 402.2
review: -Best Game Ever :D -For me the best RPG - 10/10
game-hours: 93.9
review: Who can go wrong with skyrim? Nothing Best game hands down.
game-hours: 72.3
review: b3st gam3 ever
game-hours: 62.9
review: I made Mike Tyson as a Redguard. Then I punched a dragon to death.
game-hours: 105.4
review: A Great Game that Create the Community, Or is it The Great Community that Make the Game Great? Maybe it goes Both ways. A Digital Toy Box which you can play with it in many many ways. Get Creative, Productive or other -tives with it. cannot recommend this enough. So...
game-hours: 136.7
review: imo an almost perfect game just like Fallout. but instead of guns you got swords and you fight against dragons instead of mutants.
game-hours: 37.3
review: An open world and engaging environment provide the setting for a game that allows you to explore and discover. This is one monster of an RPG.
game-hours: 101.1
review: Do you love having endless mods from endless entertainment sources like naruto,star wasr, and etc? Do you like having the ability to have a mod to even craft a gun? Do you like console commands and Role playing games? Do you like making choice that will reflect what you do in the future and then dealing with it? IF SO this game is for you :D.
game-hours: 38.8
review: As of writing this I have only played 2 hours of the game, and i don't even own it (I use steam game share with a freind), but honest to god, this has to be up in my favorite games of all time.
game-hours: 114.0
review: Will update review later. As of now, its excellent. Its Skyrim. :D
game-hours: 34.6
review: brilliant game, love it
game-hours: 6.8
review: One of the greatest games of all time. Although it is still full of bugs and glitches several years on...
game-hours: 362.7
review: This is definetly the best game i hve ever played and i have 40 games just in my steam library!
game-hours: 311.4
review: this game ruined my life. 11/10
game-hours: 234.7
review: Dovahkiin... ;-)
game-hours: 127.5
review: If it were possible to have sexual intercourse with computer software, I'd be making sweet, sweet love to this incredible game on a nightly basis.
game-hours: 204.1
review: This game will never get old. Always new mods being made for the game and endless hours of exploration added. 10/10 would play till I'm old.
game-hours: 18.2
review: I know I'm somewhat late on playing this epic title in The Elder Scrolls series, but how I now realize how I really missed out. That metascore ain't just a number to be put there, it really nails how epic and glorious this huge and emersive game is. The sheer size of the world and the amount of things to do is enormous, not even including the Dragonborn DLC or the other DLCs! Overall I highly recommend anyone buy this game, and get the Dragonborn DLC if you can! 9.6/10
game-hours: 181.9
review: This game is the ing . Buy this game now, or i will come to your house and kill you.
game-hours: 790.1
review: You can shout at cliff racers. It's okay.
game-hours: 190.8
review: Get this game if you know whats good for you...
game-hours: 211.2
review: I do highly recommend this game for anyone, even novice players of RPG's like me. It is in the classic Bethesda style, with little tooltips that pop up with everything you haven't used or clicked on yet which is a slightly intrusive but-not-too-intrusive, well-used way of teaching you how to play. If it isn't in your Steam library yet, you'd better be about to buy it.
game-hours: 126.3
review: 10/10 SuperGame! I can't say anything else, because the game is perfect!
game-hours: 287.4
review: Best game ever! <3
game-hours: 97.3
review: A joy for the exploration-focused role-player.
game-hours: 26.3
review: This game is legendary
game-hours: 203.3
review: If You play this game or u are going to, YOU MUST HEAD TO WORKSHOT OR NEXUS to waste you life! Currently play it with 200+ mods and its so SATISFYING! The Immersion,The Sound, The Art... everything will make you WOOOOOW! And if you(actually You must) use mods as I said before, you can say goodbye to your life! 10/10
game-hours: 193.0
review: This is exactly what RPG fans are looking for. The world is vast and intricate, there's a lot of characters you'll remember and the leveling system really focuses on what you want to do as you do it. It's by far one of the best and most addictive games ever.
game-hours: 140.5
review: What can I say honstly? It's one of the better RPGs of this generation. I don't know how much longer we will get it's like. It's not dumbed down, it just flows nicely. But it's massive...and that kinda rules.
game-hours: 132.9
review: Fus Ro Game-of -the-year-2011-you-should-get-this
game-hours: 567.5
review: 400 hours played. 'Nuff said...
game-hours: 547.3
review: Action, adventure, magic, mystery. All this and more! Tired of games that give you a line to follow? No longer is it necessary to go from Point A to Point B. You can do almost whatever you want. Plus, with the ability to mod the game, the replay value is near infinite! You will lose hours, if not days, in this game.
game-hours: 56.8
review: Best game ever made.
game-hours: 117.8
review: The fun never ends! Skyrim is an epic game with over 80 hours over gameplay time on the standalone version. Graphics, sound and free roaming = 10/10
game-hours: 134.6
review: A beautiful work of art, immersive story, crazy moddability, deffinately worth your time
game-hours: 151.2
review: it is a must buy rpg i have owned on both consoles now pc and with modding the amount of hours some one can put into this gam is endless
game-hours: 185.5
review: Could quite easily be the greatest game in the history of everything.
game-hours: 176.1
review: Erh mah gerdh
game-hours: 105.8
review: Skyrim is fun.
game-hours: 70.7
review: Great game even if you finish the main quests there is still so much more gameplay to offer from small tasks to entire new questlines 10/10
game-hours: 303.6
review: Best Game Ever
game-hours: 254.5
review: This game is so good
game-hours: 72.9
review: Great game!
game-hours: 43.1
review: Awsome game and loads of gameplay to get done
game-hours: 171.7
review: Nesveikas grajus
game-hours: 468.1
review: The game mechanics are once again revised by Bethesda, but the overall experience is immersive. This is a great game!
game-hours: 42.9
review: this game is soooooooooo awesome i passed it like in a day
game-hours: 60.1
review: awsome story, prepare the  (no it isn't just for fps)
game-hours: 184.6
review: Awesome game, I strongly recommend it. Great storyline, good graphics and also downloadable mods from steam workshop which are a lot of fun. 10/10
game-hours: 494.6
review: Buy this.
game-hours: 1.2
review: its a very great game kept me interested and would be a game that i would play to the end to the makers of this game i say thank you for comeing out with another incredible game
game-hours: 253.4
review: me addicted to this.. and it never end.. beware! took a lot of my time.. still playing..
game-hours: 225.8
review: The most amazing game I have ever played. If anything, the lihting is a bit off- I suggest modding it, from the Skyrim Nexus. I would recommend this game any day of the week, and week of the month, any month of the year.
game-hours: 211.2
review: Legendary Edition worth the money. Very fun for a decent price :)
game-hours: 184.1
review: What can I say? I have been a fan of the Elder Scrolls for a while now and they get better each time. Everything about this game is enjoyable (Even the times when a Dragon comes down and wrecks your ). The use of Mods takes that even further with seperate items and retextures available for use. Any RPG Fan should pick this up.
game-hours: 114.3
review: Great game. :)
game-hours: 170.7
review: w00tw00tw00t
game-hours: 1121.0
review: Look at my playtime.... Just look at it! That's how much I love this game.
game-hours: 1.0
review: awesome as fu*k
game-hours: 9.9
review: Cool game very intresting and will take you a long time to complete. Lots of creatures from Wolves to Daedric Sorceres. You can mod it on the pc to make your experince more fun. And lots of other things to.
game-hours: 3834.8
review: Greatest game ever made. 2900+ hours into it, wish I had a time machine so I could start over and experience it from the beginning. Mods are fantastic, main quest is meh but side quests are incredible. More content than seems possible. I've become a true Elder Scrolls junky.
game-hours: 124.5
review: 9/11 needs more airhorn
game-hours: 44.6
review: Absolutely bloody awesome.
game-hours: 30.1
review: GOOD GAME AE G
game-hours: 23.6
review: I went out and killed an entire village dressed as a chef with steel boots and gauntlets using lightsabers that came out of my hands. 12/10 Best Game Ever
game-hours: 1.0
review: I love first person games..prefer it actually...this game is BEAUTIFUL..I look forward to putting many hours into playing this one.
game-hours: 41.4
review: Do I even need to say anything? The reputation of this game should speak for itself. It's been 3 years and people are still playing this damn game.
game-hours: 4.8
review: I got killed by a dragon. 11/10
game-hours: 28.8
review: much dragon such skimpy armour mods wow
game-hours: 23.3
review: Great game its alot of fun still is
game-hours: 126.6
review: Get this game NAOW!!!!
game-hours: 361.9
review: This game is amazing. There are few games I can play over and over... I can with this one because I'm not trapped in a linear story, I can do what ever I want. Though they did mess up with the vampire expansion, get a mod if you get it, to prevent merchents from permadeathing from random, constant vampire attacks.
game-hours: 139.4
review: You should buy this because of all the crazy and weird modz you can install and plus to test the extent of how powerful you computer id and it still looks good even on low setting and it runs smoothly
game-hours: 135.1
review: This game is classic fun
game-hours: 305.1
review: Epic. No more words needed.
game-hours: 115.8
review: Never stop coming back to this gem.
game-hours: 17.5
review: I killed a man and his dead body tried to sell me stuff. 10/10
game-hours: 1151.8
review: First there was life, then came Skyrim. It took some 500 hours of play for me to actively need to seek out new and interesting things to do, which is saying something. The main storyline is somewhat quickly over if you don't explore the world for 20+ levels before getting to it, but even after it, there's hundreds of locations to explore and small, interesting little quests to do and characters to meet. The graphics are gorgeous even with a disappointingly generic graphics card (such as mine) if you're willing to do a little research and tweak the settings. All in all, more than worth the money I put into it. (One little thing: if you're an archer at heart, I suggest you tweak the settings in the .ini file to lose the arrows that disappear into thin air instead of hitting targets at a greater distance, and also to adjust the aim.)
game-hours: 3.3
review: kinda pointless to write a review with everyone knowing how good of a game this is
game-hours: 138.0
review: Wide as an ocean, deep as a puddle.
game-hours: 150.4
review: This game might seem bland at first and the rating might make it seam not a not good game to those who are unable to play M rating games, but this game is not that bad. You shouldn't always judge a game based on it's rating because sometimes the rating is also based on the controls, which is why this is such a great game. It has hours of story with multiple DLCs, but the game is also open world so you can still play around not including the side-quests. Don't always judge a game based on it's rating. Get this game.
game-hours: 65.8
review: This game is a 10/10.
game-hours: 436.8
review: What I really like about this game is... Well... Everything! I love the scenery, I love the textures, I enjoy the questline's. I simply love this game! Add some mods to it and it gets even more fun! ^^
game-hours: 57.9
review: Best game for me! It has some lag but, i think its just my computer xD.
game-hours: 9.7
review: Officially The Mature Gamer Podcast Game of the Generation.
game-hours: 183.5
review: <3
game-hours: 17.3
review: Excellent game, great choice of characters, great graphics & freedom of play. Wish there were more hours in the day to play it more often!
game-hours: 45.1
review: This game is amazing. Mods are great. Graphics are amazing. Probably the best roleplay/rpg game. Get it!
game-hours: 2.3
review: Great game - advise anyone to pick it up for a good game play experience.
game-hours: 262.5
review: I'm not sure how mere words could possibly form a summation for my adoration and the enjoyment I've found in Skyrim. This game had provided me with a plethora of fond memories from my adventures in the snowy province. With countless quests and interactions, there's hardly a dull moment in the robust life of a dovahkiin. Now, of course there's the occasional bugs and glitches. I won't deny that I've experienced my fair share of these, all varying from amusing, annoying, and/or frustrating. But that's an incredibly meager price to pay for the vast immersion I recieved when I was dropped into the culturally rich, lore-filled world of Nirn once again. Truly, there's something in Skyrim for everyone. Even when the gameplay ceased to amuse me, the world and its' people continues to enthrall me. I'm no stranger to Tamriel, and I intend to stay here for a long, long time.
game-hours: 78.5
review: Amazing game. Great for both hardcore gamers and casual players. The world is expansive and enthrawling. It is easy to get lost in this magestic and dark world.
game-hours: 71.2
review: This game has been absolutely superb. With it's great open world concept, Skyrim gives a very great user experience that makes the player feel that they are really in the game. At some points, that game can be almost overwhelming, giving you many things to do at one point, not knowing what to do next. But, this game all around is great, with a great storyline. I reccomend this game very much so, and give it a 9/10.
game-hours: 233.5
review: Beautifully made, graphics great I love the story behind it. It's just purely amazing and I can't even put into words how much fun this game has made for me and my brother it's SUCH a blast and deserves all the credit it gets, the game will give you TONS of gameplay between fun side quests and the everlasting main storyline. Too awesome and I cannot wait for the next edition this game cannot be put into words. It blew my mind 10/10
game-hours: 47.4
review: It's filled with more than 1,000+ hours for quests, random biddings, and yes playing with some mods you have from the workshop. It's storyline is amazing and it's worth its money I'd say :3
game-hours: 223.1
review: this is a great game.... get it and play it. do it now. I am only writing this to fullfil the review requirement of the steam thing... it is a great game though.
game-hours: 60.2
review: This is an epic game if you like open world games this is your game.
game-hours: 38.5
review: This game is AWESOME!
game-hours: 53.2
review: AMAZING
game-hours: 149.8
review: GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 56.9
review: nice game
game-hours: 103.2
review: I am SOOOO GLAD TO BUY THIS, Must have if you like RPG with Mod like mayhem
game-hours: 121.2
review: I R8 8/8 M8
game-hours: 50.2
review: Simply Amazing, everyone should play this.
game-hours: 42.9
review: Once you play Skyrim, you never go back.
game-hours: 197.6
review: Adventure!
game-hours: 109.5
review: EPIC quest line. This game has an almost never ending storyline and with the mod support it has, it probably could never end too. The scenery in this game is amazing, and looks like it's real life except.. there are giants and sabre cats! This game also encourages the role play by having perks and skills to being a warrior or miner, so when you train more on a certain skill it will level up. This game is extremely well done especially for a single player only game. This game is a must buy.
game-hours: 365.1
review: Skyrim... Skyrim... Where shall I begin? Overall it's a beautiful game, but it feels like it has been dumbed down in ways that I find a little bit depressing. It is a great improvement from Oblivion, aesthetically and has more sophisticated mechanics, but the AI seems... really bad. The children also all look the same and have a very annoying voice, towns are underpopulated and many characters are marked essential instead of existing in a true world of choices. However the game is so much effing fun! It is a gorgeous world full of possiblilities and crafting, of sweetrolls and songs and mead. Of giants and dragons, and a lot of personality. I give it an 8/ 10. Not a perfect game, but a fun and immersive one.
game-hours: 679.2
review: wowe,so much dragons,so much slaying,graphics edit:if you newly baught this game,you must try killing chickens,they give super xp,make sure there are lots of people around to cheer you
game-hours: 619.2
review: I had a life but then I took an arrow in the knee. Best-game-ever-period.
game-hours: 109.6
review: Great game, probably the best RPG out there! TESV: Online didn't succeed in becoming a good game, this however did.
game-hours: 35.5
review: Physics in this game make even less sense than Garry's Mod 11/10
game-hours: 250.0
review: This game is great if you love le arrow to le knee me-me
game-hours: 121.7
review: A vast world full of adventure, strugle, and conflict. It is up to you to put to an end of all this and turn the province of Skyrim back to its former glory!
game-hours: 316.8
review: Love this game it is so fun!
game-hours: 155.9
review: Yes. It's frikkin Skyrim. Play it.
game-hours: 285.4
review: Amaaaaazing
game-hours: 258.3
review: this game makes me want to  a duck its so good
game-hours: 30.1
review: so much fun, get hearthfire dlc to make your own house and adopt childrew
game-hours: 610.0
review: Awesome Game, Alot of play time!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 483.7
review: You WILL spend hours playing this fantastic game so stop reading and buy the game. ( 20/10)
game-hours: 76.5
review: YEESS YEEESSS BONJOUR CROISSANT!
game-hours: 291.2
review: Very Elder scrolls, such explore, much dragonborn WOW
game-hours: 168.4
review: THIS GAME IS SO GOOD THAT I HAVE TO WRITE IN ALL CAPS!!!!!!!!!!!! AND USE EXCESSIVE EXLIMATION POINTS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 200.5
review: this is a great game!
game-hours: 212.2
review: Fantastic game. Poured countless hours into it and the DLC really adds another dimension to it on top of the already extensive and addictive gameplay. Overall, brilliant game, 10/10
game-hours: 103.1
review: It's like SKYRIM, with swords!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1111 - 32/11 ign
game-hours: 136.9
review: Almost never ending goodie goodness, best cabbage collecting-simulator I have ever played. 10 out of 10 cabbages.
game-hours: 8.9
review: .
game-hours: 215.6
review: HOLY  IT'S UNDER TEN DOLLARS GEDDITTTT I GOT IT ON THE RELEASE DATE BUT I WANT TO BUY IT A THOUSAND TIMES MORE
game-hours: 199.5
review: awsome
game-hours: 521.7
review: This game is still incredible, even 2 years after release. At the time of writing this, I have 392 hours clocked, and I do not intend to stop any time soon. Skyrim let's you be who you want to be; a heroic warrior, an evil assassin, a greedy theif, a powerful mage. With it's class-free open ended skill system there are so many different playstyles available. Another advantage of this game is the amazing and still active modding community, giving the game near unlimited replay value. I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys RPG's, or just open-world games in general. It also has dragons, in case you needed any more convincing.
game-hours: 160.5
review: A good mod-able game. If you still haven't played it ^.^
game-hours: 115.2
review: Purely for the sake of it being an Elder Scrolls game, I'm recomending this. It can be quite hilarious at times, and sometimes you can get really bored... Which is when you can -really- have fun with it. You know, destroying a town, killing it's people, leaving no one but the Jarl and his court in tact.. and the children. (Go download the mod to open killing on everything...) All in all, this game was good fun, and still is. It can get slightly tedius from time to time, but when you've finally lost all intrest in plaing fair, pull up the console! WOO CHEATS!
game-hours: 29.2
review: Awesome game
game-hours: 166.8
review: aaaaaaaaaaaaaAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
game-hours: 466.3
review: Amazing and a worthy successor to its predecessor "The Elder Scrolls 4: Oblivion" a must play, hours of fun and an almost endless exploration of the northern province of Tamriel
game-hours: 122.6
review: Four words: Game of the Year.
game-hours: 236.6
review: Everything is Great, Love This Game
game-hours: 134.7
review: I LOVE THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 144.5
review: IT'S GOT DRAGONS IN IT.
game-hours: 110.2
review: This is my no duh recommendation of the gaming season. Other game making companies must feel like frauds when they fire up this game. The music, graphics and sheer open world size will blow you away.
game-hours: 281.7
review: If you enjoy Elder Scrolls, this one is amazing. played through it a few times and still running into things i didn't know about. All around great RPG with a lot of variety for different play styles.
game-hours: 512.4
review: ellen soles IVI: skirmish skirmssh is latest snstallment in leler soles series. u ar a darginnman, sent to must kill hte dargins. bet ther is 1 they feer: U omg kill dargins saev the scrols can u up 4 the fite?? dargin/5 (dargin%)
game-hours: 90.5
review: I used to be a knee like thee but then I took a sweetroll to the lolligaggin' dragon brother. Seriously though, everybody already knows this game is great. Except those guys who hate it because its not Morrowind.
game-hours: 35.2
review: My expectations going in weren't all that high, BUT IT'S PRETTY GOOD, YOU GUYS.
game-hours: 31.6
review: The Elder Scrolls!
game-hours: 86.5
review: Skyrim is one of the best free exploration games I have ever known. It is based off of the Elder Scrolls series (hence Elder Scrolls V) and is a medival type of game. You can steal, pickpocket, and the graphics are great. The 30 dollars it takes to buy this game is definatly worth it.
game-hours: 33.6
review: Wonderful modding community and pretty good story.
game-hours: 717.3
review: Skyrim is the best PC game I've played in a while. I used to have Elder Scrolls #2: Daggerfall, then #3: Morrowind, and now #5: Skyrim. Around every corner opf this game, there is a new thing to discover, whether that be an awesome new weapon, a powerful monster with some awesome loot, or even a brand new "Thu'um," or powerful shout that causes a change in the behavior of other beings, or just does damage. You are the "Dragonborn" a being who can permanently kill a dragon by devouring it's soul, whose destiny lies in the eldest dragon, Alduin, who wishes to control all of Tamriel. You were born to destroy Alduin and kill all of his resurrected dragon army. Every dungeon and cave in this game was hand-crafted by the developers. Whether you decide to strictly follow the main questline, or do whatever you want, your quest log within a few hours or even minutes of gameplay, will have dozens of side quests and miscellaneous (not sure if I spelled that right, lol) quests that are very fun to complete. My favorite part of this game though, by far is the customization options and different races that you can choose to be. Every race has different stats that could be better or worse than any other races' stats. For instance, an Imperial finds more gold in more places than a nord in the same places. An Orc has more of a blacksmithing skill than a Nord. The world is aslo very VERY organic. For example, one particular quest for a great sword is gained by reading a book, and completed by defeating "The Red Eagle," an ancient warrior who could destroy entire armies with his master blade. There is also a lot of DLC that has come out for this game, like Dawnguard, which is based off the ideal that the vampires are coming back to take control of Skyrim and you are either on their side of evil, or against them, on the side of the Dawnguard, who are vampire hunters. Another DLC, Dragonborn, revolves around the first Dragonborn who wants you dead because he does not beleive that you are truly dragonborn. Overall, this game is truly enthralling in its complex but simple gameplay mechanics and physics engine. This game on a scale of 912038098 monkey butts, this game get a full, legendary 912038098 out of 912038098.
game-hours: 418.0
review: This game is horrible. The mods make it the best game ever. They also make it crash a lot.
game-hours: 155.8
review: Good
game-hours: 37.5
review: Awesome game. Favorite of the "last gen"
game-hours: 59.2
review: Amazing RPG! Great replayability. With mods this game never gets old.
game-hours: 359.5
review: awesome game, a must have for any rpg gamer
game-hours: 98.1
review: I'll admit, I was late to this game(Picking it up in june this year). Good fun nonetheless, with the modding community being very active adding many hours of gameplay. While not as complex as 'true' rpgs, it still offers a decent size world to explore with many side quests and half decent characters.
game-hours: 151.6
review: Such game many funs much buys
game-hours: 866.7
review: Amazing game. If you are a sick nerd baller with the cravings for living in an alernate fantasy world, sign right up.
game-hours: 237.4
review: I played this game for more than 600 hours in total. I started on xbox and I fell in love with it the second it started. But now on PC with all these fancy graphics and maybe some HD mods it looks even better. Buy it with all DLCs during Sale and you're going to make the best deal of your gaming life. I sure did. Also there is a big modding community making all kinds of different mods for the game, wether it's a lore-friendly overhaul or a nice treehouse in the woods, hell it could even be something crazy just for the heck of entertainment like transforming the dragons into Thomas the Steam-Engine. There are almost no limits, just like the game itself. It's great, buy it and have fun.
game-hours: 362.6
review: What can I say ? An amazingly huge open-world fantasy RPG which is intuitive, balanced and rich in gameplay and content. You can really play what fits your playing style, your personallity. I have an amazing feeling of freedom when playing this.
game-hours: 385.3
review: Ruined my social life on Xbox Now it does it on PC. 11/10
game-hours: 181.2
review: 100+ hours of play and I still keep finding things to do, awesome game and plenty of mods for everyones taste. I've been a fan of the elder scrolls since morrowind and skyrim didn't disapoint me, many hours on Morrowind and Oblivion. Skyrim is a must for the RPG lover and fan of the elderscrolls
game-hours: 56.6
review: one word AWESOME
game-hours: 4.8
review: i need help whenever i want to play it it just goes to the bethesda screen and then its gone.will someone plz help?
game-hours: 10.9
review: Way better than on console
game-hours: 374.8
review: epic
game-hours: 181.3
review: Good stuff
game-hours: 65.4
review: Truly one of the best open world RPG's you can possibly get. - 9/10
game-hours: 111.1
review: One word... epic.
game-hours: 72.6
review: I am an adventurer, and sometimes i even endure an arrow to the knee..
game-hours: 126.2
review: yell at dregon n
game-hours: 275.7
review: This game is a clear buy for anyone that likes RPGs not only does it in itself provide many hours of entertainment but with the addition of quest mods and item mods and whatnot it can provide even more hours of fun, even though i have around 150 hours played at the time of this review it feels like i haven't even played the game halfway through yet.
game-hours: 652.4
review: Amazing. Over 400 hours spent playing this and it never gets old, especially with all of the great mods that you can install.
game-hours: 62.6
review: Too much time taken away from me by this game just too much fun I have had playing this game.
game-hours: 46.3
review: one of my favorite games on the PC! 9/10!
game-hours: 3.3
review: Dragons. Cool $hit. BUY IT
game-hours: 184.8
review: I think alot of things about alot of stuff like how do people think Miley Cyrus is hot she has no booty i mean its just skin and bone she is probably going to break something one of these days but back on the topic skyrim wow what kind of a name is skyrim its like pacific rim and sky i mean its weird and that asain girl in pacific rim is pretty badass but i think that she should have showed the blade sooner and when did she have time to install it anyway its a good game (skyrim) but it is so weird because their is a lust to get mods its like once you get one you can't stop its like chocolate mmmmmmmm... chocolate i love chocolate its awesome and i dont get how someting that taste so good is bad for you like no one has ever died from eating chocolate thats just a urban legand like how the migit from jackass died the migit in jackass doesn't do anything he is a  i like migits especieally in movies but not game of throne that is a f***ed up show but got to give it pointers on the boobies oh god im off track. it there a movie called off track ok when im older ima make a movie called off track its will be FABULAS but enought about me skyrim is cool il give it a 7 1/2 out of 8 thanks for reading you fat
game-hours: 63.2
review: Got just one word for this game: AMAZING!
game-hours: 91.1
review: The Elder Scrolls 5: Skyrim is one of THE best games i have ever played. It contains everything a basic human needs: Food, sleeping, and murdering. You can do nearly anything you would like, including murdering everyone in a town! Except important characters... Which is a bummer... But anyways, Skyrim also has extensive character development systems. If you want to be a mage, be a mage. If you want to be a mage who also uses a sword, then be a mage who also uses a sword! Enchant weapons and armor, be a blacksmith, have a family, become the thane of a city, lead the stormcloak rebellion or end the stormcloak rebellion, climb giant mountains, do anything! This game get's clawww's personal 10/10!
game-hours: 174.3
review: How to begin? I started playing skyrim on xbox 360 back in 2011 christmas when I was still a console peasant, and boy did I not see the sunlight ever again, massive huge world, so much to do, never bored whatsoever, the storyline is average to good, not as immersive and gripping as oblivion, but to make up for it is the multiple dialogue choices you can choose during this, compared to Oblivion with limited answers. The graphics are awesome too, they have slightly looked a little worse as time went by and advancements have been made, but with a few mods on pc, in which I got skyrim in early 2013, its very worth it, there is also so much playback value with the side quests and the character specialities, such as mage, thief and warrior, or even a hybrid of those classes. However the few downsides I have seen is its really poor engine and its LOD, and how the water on the game looks so crap in the distance, and also how it is quite badly optimized, so even the beefiest of rigs will kneel before having an ENB mod or something in that nature. Overall, my favourite ES game in the series, basically tied with Oblivion. Such an engrossing and amazing game, truly. So excited for ES6, these games never fail to make me not sleep at night with the excitement of it's release.
game-hours: 39.7
review: Elder Scrolls are the best scrolls.
game-hours: 170.9
review: Great game with great and sometimes funny mods. I also like the fact that if you don't want to be in a specific group like the dark brotherhood you dont have to... I completly and utterly distroyed the person who kidnapped me =D Though, I do wish that the developer and or writers could have included some type of romance, as I find it hard to believe that someone would marry you just because you are wearing a necklace and did a favor for them.
game-hours: 41.1
review: One can't recommend this game enough.
game-hours: 580.0
review: The best game ever created.
game-hours: 87.1
review: it's just one of the best games i love the rpg games grate game and story line :)
game-hours: 114.8
review: very good
game-hours: 333.9
review: I have this game for PC and PS3. The game is still one of the Best RPGs I have ever played.
game-hours: 398.1
review: You can catch butterflies in this game.
game-hours: 47.7
review: Mods. What else needs to be said?
game-hours: 68.1
review: Fricken amazing game!
game-hours: 148.7
review: As with all Elder Scrolls games, this one immerses the player in a world of vibrant colors, sounds, and lore. This game is far from perfect, as I play with a large amount of mods to make it more enjoyable, but it does not detract from its brilliance. The story is great, albeit a bit lazy on the finish. The scenery is awe inspiring, sometimes leaving me just to staring off a mountainside at its brilliance. I reccommend this game to anyone who wants to fight dragons, explore ancient ruins, and save the world.
game-hours: 63.7
review: With/without mods this game is ing amazing, my favorite dlc is hearthfire because I feel accomplished after making a house and so many random things happen like your children bringing animals home, your wife/husband/children get abducted, also did i mention you can have kids?
game-hours: 14.7
review: BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 99.1
review: LE jeu ultime dans son genre !
game-hours: 293.3
review: You can kill dragons mother er.
game-hours: 89.2
review: PC will still be better then console especially for this game there are too many mods that make this game even more EPIC!
game-hours: 127.1
review: At this point, stories of Skyrim are everywhere on the internet. This game is awesome. My only complaint is my favorite mods I wish to get require the DLC. Rating: 9/10
game-hours: 78.9
review: AWESOME GAME
game-hours: 121.4
review: Very good! Game of the year 2011. Need I say more?
game-hours: 126.7
review: This game is the ... if you dont like it then you have severe problems
game-hours: 37.9
review: This game is one of the best games i have ever played. The amount of time you can sink in this game is just insane giving this game in my opininon a 11 out of 10 rating.
game-hours: 443.4
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is the latest installment of the Elder Scrolls Series. It places you in the role of the legendary "dragonborn" who is the only person capable of stopping the dragons from conquering the world of Tamriel. While you could follow the main story and have a good time, the strenght of the game is in its vast land. The game features hundreds of quests and adventures which are only improved upon in the DLC's. Although some may get tired of the generally simple formula of the game, the mods available on the steam workshop and the Nexus make this game have nearly infinite replay value. I'd recommend this to both casual players and long time RPG fans
game-hours: 218.2
review: Skyrim one of the best Elder Scrolls games if not the best game in the series. Skyrim is an outstanding game with immersive visuals and atmosphere. The music that plays during night and day and even the music when exploring dungeons and Nordic Ruins really sets the atmosphere. Skyrim's graphics are amazing especially with the free high resolution texture pack installed. Now enough of that lets get on to the story. Skyrims story is amazing and is very immersive. it goes from slaying Dragons, to fighting the undead nords of skyrim known as Draugr. Bethesda has put an amazing back story for almost every quests and creature in the game. Skyrim will have its amazing Storyline to the occasional side quest such as visiting the college of winterhold and joining the imperial legion. One of my favourite side quests (and im sure most players will agree with me) is the companions. but in the end it has an amazing twist. but thats something you'll have to find out yourself. Overall skyrim is one of the most amazing video games i have ever had the pleasure of experiencing 10/10-Silver Reviews
game-hours: 101.7
review: Spend 80 % of total time fo game played to mod this game Just 10 % for play \\\\\ ////// Best game for mod ever and ever and in ever \\\\\ //////
game-hours: 231.8
review: I was pleasantly surprised when I played Skyrim, it was engaging and entertaining. Not my usual choice of games, but one I keep coming back to
game-hours: 222.6
review: this is the best game ive got but still its great to fall back on the classics
game-hours: 533.2
review: A very good game!
game-hours: 99.5
review: Completely absorbing. Whyyyyyyyy did I start playing this????? Goodbye wife, goodbye friends.
game-hours: 65.4
review: this game is awesome, only thing im really annoyed about is not the game, but steam itself. i bought it yesterday for 40 blimen dollars, and now its on sale for about 12 bucks, its ridoucouless, but its the way of life and i shouldve been patient on my part. I still recoommend this game to everyone interested in a free-roam hack n slash type game.
game-hours: 2.2
review: Skyrim is absolutely unparalleled in scope and ambition. Yes, sometimes that leads to oddities and imperfections, but this is a world in which to -lose- yourself for hours and hours and hours...
game-hours: 74.8
review: A fantastic game that will devour many hours of your life. :-)
game-hours: 2.4
review: Perfect game if you have a gaming machine.
game-hours: 52.3
review: yo homes i punched a dragon to death. 5/4 would praise the based god again
game-hours: 9.2
review: I think myself and most of the rest of the world would recommend this game... lol. But no, seriously, I took a first look at this game, and said, "Nope... never gonna' get me to play that." Then my friend told me how good it was, and let me borrow it... and then I just HAD to buy it. If you haven't played it- you will love it. I don't think it matters if you're an RPG, FPS, RTS, or whatnot, I'm pretty sure there's something for everyone in this game, the puzzles, the small stories, the quests... and it's such a HUGE map, you can play this thing a few times, and still see different things each time. Just a tip though, make sure you install at least the HD textures before you play, the graphics are a little dated. Also, if you're a hardcore graphics person, youtube Gopher and his series on how to Mod Skyrim. If you haven't played it before, I wouldn't mod the gameplay at all- but feel free to mod the graphics systems to your hearts content! ENB makes EVERYTHING look so amazing in this game- the stars and the nightsky look so realistic, as well as the shadows and the direction lighting system.
game-hours: 182.2
review: This game ROCKS!
game-hours: 22.3
review: Love the game, the worlds is among the more lifefull in terms of events. There have been times where i sit and listen to a bard playing music in front of a fire, it's that good. Bethesda have done a great job, it has such depth and excellent atmosphere. Definitely a must have if you enjoy RPG games.
game-hours: 320.6
review: Personal Rating: 9 of 10 One of the best game of the year. Great story, awesome graphics fantastic gameplay, tonnes of sub quests and execellent mod community. Given there are bugs here and there and that is my only beef with the game but most of the bugs can be resolve in the unofficial mod. If you are a fan of RPG games this is a must have!
game-hours: 174.3
review: By it self, Skyrim is an OK game. It has some sold rpg with some semi intresting storyline. In my opinion most of the elder scrolls' stories, for the most part I found rather dull or just meh. Where this game really shines is the player made mods and addons or the "steam workshop". With this many players have taken time out of they're own lives to fix / improve this game and many others for FREE. Many of the mods/addons in the steam work shop are hands down better then anything Bethesda every did in they're DLC. Not only is it better but often enough players will even FIX THE BUGS THAT BETHESDA MADE THEMSELVES. Now that to me means, there really are good gammers/modders out there that are willing to step up and make games better.
game-hours: 99.7
review: TESV:Skyrim is a modern masterpiece. A rich, complex and beautiful world is presented for you to adventure in. Complex story lines, excellent game play, character customization and a modding community that is second to none await you! easily over 300 hours of game play just off the base game and expansions. Venture into the modding side of things and you could spend much much more. Do yourself a favor and invest in this title,
game-hours: 142.0
review: I recommend this game because it has monsters and skeletons and bows and daggers and sweetrolls and apple stew and things wot fly.
game-hours: 311.4
review: Bought it 2 years ago and I still play it... The Elder Scrolls IV: Skyrim is a game full of adventure and stories, when you play it feels like the world is speaking to you. Every corner has its own story to tell. Also I love the way you can mod thiss game.. It almost has no limits and if there is one there is always a solution. I would love it that people support Bethesda and buy this game..
game-hours: 172.9
review: No exaggeration, this is one of the best games ever. A jillion hours worth of quests. A gorgeous open world to explore. With Workshop mods, the content is endless.
game-hours: 92.8
review: One of the best games i have ever played.
game-hours: 151.5
review: I dont like fantasy but still I have lost about 150 hrs of a life here. I spent about first 20 hrs in warez version and then went to shop to buy xD
game-hours: 87.1
review: Ruined My Life. 10/10
game-hours: 115.8
review: the best rpg game ever! big open world game and mods are funny,of course with 18+ mod hehehe
game-hours: 102.0
review: The sheer size & scale is immense,plus the level of detail that's been put in means that after 70 hours I'm still not bored or have explored half the map! Well worth buying :)
game-hours: 30.6
review: This game... Is just... so good.
game-hours: 270.8
review: damn great
game-hours: 113.3
review: slightly below decent/10 first few hours were incredible. an elderscrolls game with pretty good visuals? nice! gets boring fast, though, and the only thing i enjoy in the game is hunting books and reading on the lore that make the game universe sound better than what video games are capable of doing [or better than what devs are willing to do because they gotta cater to lowest common denominators to make a profit. which is essentially skyrim in a nutshell.] quests are boring as , yo. i hope you love trekking through caves willed with undead nords because that's essentially the majority of the game. story is meh, but most bethesda main stories are pretty much MEH. also i'm not fond of dragons in fantasy since they feel so played out but i'm biased in that. combat is boring but that's not the main draw of tes games i haven't played in a while so i don't know if they changed it, but the controls and ui is consolized as . thanks, ers, for ruining every franchise i ever loved. anyways, the setting is pretty boring, too, since it's just another human centric generic fantasy slop. still worth a playthrough, but not for in 60 bucks lmao
game-hours: 240.4
review: It's in' Skyrim! What's not to love? You can do pretty much anthing, it looks great, it's hilarious and it's Skyrim!  yeah.
game-hours: 15.3
review: One of the best games money can buy. It's one of the biggest worlds filled with quests, side-quests, and random NPC's. And don't even get me started on the modding community which really doubles if not, triple what the game is all about: beautifull graphics, deep world, great number of enemies and Dragons.
game-hours: 150.4
review: Not enough days in a lifetime to play
game-hours: 222.7
review: One of the finest games I've ever had the privilege of playing. + Nearly infinite replayability: Since the game's release there have been countless mods to recreate and reimagine the storyline to suit all manner of playstyles and imaginations, it's one of this games greatest strengths in that you can be anyone and do anything in a world that not only feels alive but reacts to you + Beauty worthy of conversation: There are parts of Skyrim that are so undeniably beautiful that you may find yourself sight seeing equally as much as you'll find yourself slaying dragons and trolls, after my initial playthrough there were landmarks that I couldn't help but travel back to just to explore and see them once more I would struggle to name a game with more artistic beauty than Skyrim. + Variety of gameplay: Want to go cave diving? Go cave diving. Want to go exploring a set of Dwarven ruins? Go explore them. Want to hunt dragons? Hunt dragons. Want to go on a merciless killing spree slaying anything that sets foot in front of you? To each there own. There are TONS of things you can do in Skyrim far more than I can describe in this review. + Wonderful character creation: I don't know why but I've always loved character creation something about being able to customize my character to look like what I imagine them to look like, Skyrim has what is arguably one of the most robust character creation systems ever made allowing you to craft every individual proportion down to minute details. + Mods mods MODS: If you can imagine it chances are someone has made a mod for it, Skyrim probably has the largest mod community of any game ever made whether it be the Steam workshop or the Nexus mod community there are mods for everything better textures, better lighting, new weapons, new missions, new areas, new armor, new NPCs, new companions, Skyrim's modability has allowed it to become something most every other game available today could never be which is EXCACTLY what you want it to be regardless of who you are, if you don't like something just change it. + DLC that is actually worth the price: SO many games on the market today have useless DLC whether it be DLC to change the color of your character's shirt or DLC for 'horse armor' they always just end up feeling like cash-ins, Skyrim's DLC adds whole questlines, new characters, new threats, and one DLC even goes as far to add a whole island that allows you to reexplore a previous Elder Scrolls game. + INSANE amount of lore: If you like having mythology and lore in your games then Skyrim is definitely for you there are hundreds of books that help expand the universe well beyond the scope of an average playthrough. - No multiplayer: There hasn't been an Elder Scrolls game to date that has had multiplayer and while Skyrim holds it's own perfectly well without it I would be lying if I didn't say exploring the game with someone else would be even more amazing. - Do you have friends/family?: I've sank well over two hundred hours into this game when you combine my PC time with my Xbox 360 gametime and I still feel like I've barely scratched the surface Skyrim is a wonderful game but there's no denying that it's a major time sink if you're anything like me once you've played the game you won't really want to leave for a while which can't bode well for any kind of social existence. This game is great and is a shining example of what a serious, devoted, talented team of developers can come up with and it should be held as a standard of what consumers should expect of their products in the gaming industry. 10/10 Reasonable Price Point: You can purchase the game and all of it's DLC for around $50 to $60 USD these days even less if you find it on sale if I were forced to purchase it again I would gladly pay $60+.
game-hours: 224.7
review: *English Version below. Keep in mind, that I'm not that good at speaking English, but I hope it's okay for you.* Gleich vorweg einmal alle meine Kritikpunkte an Skyrim: -Das Kampfsystem ist irgendwie schon frn den , es fhlt sich einfach nicht wirklich toll und packend an, auer Bogenschieen, das ist doch recht gelungen, auch wenn ich ein "richtiges" Zielsystem hier bevorzugen wrde. -Bethesda hatte nur eine Hand voll von Synchronsprechern, weshalb sich jeder 3. irgendwie gleich anhrt. -Es gibt keine wirkliche Gegnervielfalt -Das Skillsystem ist ganz ok, aber manche Bume sind zu wichtig, selbst, wenn man gar keine solche Klasse spielt (wie vor allem Bogenschieen) -Die Ausrstung entscheidet hauptschlich, wie gut ein Charakter ist. Als schwerer Rstungstrger mit Schild und Einhandschwert ist es beispielsweise viel leichter zu Spielen auf Meister und Legendr als als Schleicher-Typ, Fernkmpfer oder Magier. -Die Mainquest ist ziemlich langweilig, berraschungen gibt es kaum. -Die tollen unendlichen Quests sind irgendwie auch immer das Selbe (hol mir das und mach den kalt, wie bei MMOs halt.) -Viele Nebenquests haben nur selten gute Storys, obwohl sie meistens echt angebracht wren. -Die Bewegungen der Figuren sind extremst hlzern! Wer nun denkt, Skyrim ist scheie: FALSCH GEDACHT! Der wichtigste Punkt zuerst: Bei einem Fantasy-Rollenspiel ist das wichtigste die Atmosphre. Die Welt muss sich einfach anfhlen, als ob sie frher schon einmal genau so oder zumindest sehr hnlich existiert hat, und das tut sie in Skyrim. Man fhlt sich wie ein paar Jahrhunderte in eine fiktive Welt zurckversetzt, und das ist eines der besten Gefhle in einem Spiel: Wenn die Atmosphre bewirkt, dass man sich fhlt, als ob man IM Spiel wre. Auerdem ist die Grafik toll und das Open-World-Feature ist auch klasse, auch wenn jede Hhle von innen irgendwie gleich aussieht. Trotzdem macht das erkunden von ihnen Spa. Mir persnlich macht Skyrim einen RIESEN Spa, auch wenn es doch einige Negativpunkte hat, die das Gesamterlebnis fr mich trben. ********** Starting with all my points of criticism: -The combat-system is not that good, it doesn't feel great or anything, except archery, which is quite good, but I'd personally prefere a real target system. -Every 3rd person in this game sounds the same! Feels like Bethesda hadn't had much voice actors... -No real variety of opponents -The skilling system is ok, but some trees are to important, even if you don't play that kind of class (especially archery) -The gear is the most important thing when it comes to good or awesomely good characters. If you play with heavy armor you're WAY harder to kill than if you play as the sneaky guy, as a ranger or as a mage, especially on the difficulties "master" and "legendary". -The main quest is very boring, there are barely any surprises. -The oh-my-god-so-great infinite quests are the same every time (get me item a or kill person b, just like it is in most MMOs.) -Most side missions have no good stories, even though they would be really reasonable. -The movement of all the characters and NPCs is extremely wooden! There are pretty sure some of you thinking now that Skyrim is not a good game, but no, THAT'S NOT THE CASE! The most important point first: The most important thing about a fantasy-rpg is the atmosphere. The world has to feel, like if it excisted a long time ago, and that's what the atmosphere in Skyrim does. You feel like if you're in a fictionary world a few centuries earlier and that's one of the best feelings a game can cause: You feel, like you're really IN the game! Additionally, the graphics are nice for a open world game, altough the caves don't differ a lot. Nevertheless, it's always fun to explore them. In my case, Skyrim is a game that I really enjoy, altough there are some negative things about it.
game-hours: 219.5
review: Extremely awesome. This game provides hundreds of hours of fun with it's huge world and its amazing main and side quest lines. The modding community for this game is super active as well, so you'll never run out of new things! One of the best games I ever played. 10/10. Buy it, it's worth it!
game-hours: 90.7
review: An amazing expansive game filled with things to do and places to explore. Many of the problems to be had with this game, UI for example can be fixed with some of the numerous mods available over on the Steam workshop. You owe it to yourself to get this game
game-hours: 44.9
review: FUS. RO. DAH. Excessively huge, Infinitely moddable, a world you Can and WILL literally get lost in.
game-hours: 161.7
review: best. rpg. ever. 10/10
game-hours: 107.3
review: Skyrim
game-hours: 230.6
review: Fun and epic i have playng 130 hours plus and i still have things to do it the game.
game-hours: 48.1
review: Skyrim is one of the most ARPG games I enjoyed, I spent hours playing and couldn't get enough, the music it's just amazing
game-hours: 119.1
review: All and all a good title, needs a tad bit of modding to make it sit right. Could need a bit more focus on things such as AI and bug-fixes. Story: 8/10 Immersion: 8/10 Gameplay (no mods): 7/10 Gameplay (modded): 9/10 Graphical fidelity: 7/10 All around: 8/10
game-hours: 219.7
review: 2 years. That's how long this game stayed on my hard drive, the only game to stay on longer is probably Morrowind. After completing the main game and all the DLC I delved into the mods. I plan to re-visit at a later date when ES:VI is due. As an action RPG game this is just fantastic. The exploration is near perfect and combat suitably meaty. The loot and rewards could be better but this really isn't a game that relies on it's gear collecting to pass the time.
game-hours: 35.3
review: Epic!
game-hours: 93.5
review: One of the greatest RPG Adventure games ever!
game-hours: 96.7
review: Oh my God guys, This Game, Oh my God....If you have a life, swap it for Skyrim.
game-hours: 85.5
review: One of the best games I have ever played, i have had atleast 2 play throughs of this game. Fully recommend it, its one of bethesda's best games next to Fallout 3 and Oblivion.
game-hours: 300.4
review: Un bon rpg avec le mode skyrim online :D
game-hours: 176.9
review: It's a must play, great game, great combat, and the mod community makes a great game even better.
game-hours: 114.0
review: Its Skyrim Why don't you already have this? Why havent you wasted countless hours beating the  out of dragons? Just buy it you . You'll thank me later Highly Recommended. 5/5
game-hours: 131.6
review: One of the best open world RPGs ever made. From the extensive crafting system to the side quests with the mage guild or the thieves guild, to the DLC with building a house and having a farm, there are random things to do for everyone.
game-hours: 95.5
review: It may be single player (for now), but it is hands down the best game out there, you may love racing games, FPS or some crazy hentai stuff, you will always, however, come back to this game and play it some more even years later. If you dont have it - something is terribly wrong with you - fix it or have a talk with your family :)
game-hours: 51.7
review: Its good. What the  else do you expect? Bethesda knows how to make an open world game. But you knew that already :)
game-hours: 86.7
review: Amazing gets all the fame it is credited for
game-hours: 256.8
review: from the moment your cart wheels toward helgen, to fulfilling your destiny as dragonborn, you feel the world alive before you in a way no other game touches
game-hours: 38.1
review: This game ruined my life. 10/10
game-hours: 125.4
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim A RPG with a strong story and a fantastic set of controls. The story is pretty stright forward, The dragons (which have died out centurys ago) have came back from the dead lead by the World Eater Allduin and the dragons are attacking the the Province of Skyrim, and The Dragonborn has returned. The game is good, but there are minor glitches that are small so they don't make a big difference to the game but its still good. Wade. :)
game-hours: 48.3
review: Do you like RPG games? Do you like to explore a vast world? This is your game and enjoy the thousand mods that you can use from steam workshop for free.
game-hours: 29.3
review: kinda fun xD
game-hours: 290.5
review: Infinite quests, infinite dragons, infinite fun!
game-hours: 25.0
review: Go  yourself. i hope a dragon bites your  off. you .
game-hours: 107.8
review: A very open, and engaging world. With added mod support for PC, the adventure never ends. If you can look past the bugs in this game (of which there are many) you are looking at one of the most wonderful worlds.
game-hours: 555.1
review: GG
game-hours: 252.8
review: BEST GAEM EVOR 10/10
game-hours: 211.6
review: It's like Diablo but way better!!!
game-hours: 78.3
review: YES!!! THIS GAME IS GREAT!!! The quests are spectacular, the story is epic, and there are so many side quests that it will take lots of your time to find them all, but worth it! The combat can be unoriginal at times, but overall it gets a 9.5/10!
game-hours: 343.4
review: Simply the best-realised open-world game ever created. If only I could work out where all the calipers have gone...
game-hours: 33.5
review: Una Meraviglia niente ad oggi  paragonabile a SKYRIM!!! Punti di Forza : - STORIA - MUSICA - AMBIENTAZIONE - TUTTO I wanted this game for a long time.....,thks outstanding sale!!!
game-hours: 166.7
review: If you mod it! it is awesome! :D
game-hours: 87.2
review: It's best RPG ever!
game-hours: 23.2
review: This game is a Very VERY Amazing game with good graphics and gameplay i give is a 10/10
game-hours: 54.1
review: Who doesn't like a game when you can shout at Dragons, absorb their souls, then use the souls to unlock more ways to shout at Dragons...
game-hours: 194.7
review: It's massive. Vanilla story alone will take you 100+ hours to complete, not to mention DLCs. The good: The mechanics are solid, the gameplay is smooth, the scenery is gorgeous, and mods make it even better. The bad: The magic leaves a lot to be desired, it's clunky, the menus are primitive, and you can spend more time scrolling then you do shooting. (Mods recommended to alleviate this) The ugly: It seems that a team of maybe 20 total voice actors voiced about 1500 people in the game, I'm used to some overlap, but hearing the same guy's voice (not disguised or changed in any way) on three different people in the same town of 20 people is a little annoying. Conclusion: Annoyances aside, it's an incredible game with a rich story and the mods will produce more content then you'll ever be able to play in your lifetime. This game will eat your life, and you will love it.
game-hours: 3.7
review: if this game doesnt make a girl squirt idk what will.
game-hours: 331.2
review: Slay salmonsnakes in Sweden simulator 2014
game-hours: 15.8
review: One of the greatest rpg games ever to bless the gaming community. Skyrim is full to the brim with quests, loot, murder and free will. Don't like that old woman sitting outside her house? stab her in the face, but be ready to fight the onslaught of guards coming your way! being able to make choices about anything is always great, no more are you restricted by boundaries, you can kill that character you always hated, stab that lizard man that looked at you funny on the street, its all up to you. I have too much to say about this game in one review, so i will keep it short. BUY THIS GAME! you will not regret it, full customisation of your character and what gear he/she uses, hundreds of weapons, armour, spells ECT ECT i could go on for hours. Ever just feel like ransacking a cabin in the middle of a fantasy medieval land? you got it. Ever wanted to battle huge dragons, wizards and trolls using a variety of weapons and magic spells? Skyrim. Is and will always be one of my favourite games of all time, the freedom of GTA with a LOTR style lore in a video game, what more could you possibly ask for? Oh yeah and thats right, i can build myself a ing cottage with the hearthfire DLC, i mean come on guys, its a no brainer. 11/10
game-hours: 4.2
review: a ifyou aint don got dis game yet on da sale da  you doin white bread?
game-hours: 76.9
review: Excellentttt
game-hours: 53.9
review: I forgot how awesome this game is. You should buy this. Plus it's on sale in the Holiday sale. So buy it. Buy it now. 10/10 Good story lots of people to murder. MODS OH THE MODS
game-hours: 143.8
review: It's the divine gift of sheer brilliance from the human mind
game-hours: 2.1
review: Really good game and + it is on sale
game-hours: 115.6
review: Well, it is next game in very popular RPG series The Elder Scrolls from Bethesda. It is really amazing game for RPG lovers. Open world, two handed combat system and leveling systems are just great. You can also craft a lot of stuff. You can simpy do whatever you want, buy a house, marry a wife or just go to dungeon and kill them all in. I can strongly recommend this game. PS: If you wish to improve graphic experience, just visit skyrimnexus and download some mods. ;-)
game-hours: 15.0
review: Swet
game-hours: 42.4
review: Awesome
game-hours: 30.9
review: Literally the best RPG out there for me!
game-hours: 181.9
review: My second life.
game-hours: 254.6
review: this game is amazing even with all the bugs and game breaking glitches still a very good RPG. must play at least 200 hours so far on and off, sometimes gets boring, if keep doing the same missions over and over, but there are so many classes to choose, make you keep playing the character creation again and again until you find the class tha fits your game play....
game-hours: 101.7
review: Bought this game on PS3 for about $50 bucks and it was worth it then... Add better grapics, faster load times, patches and a staggeringly HUGE mod community and this game is worth any price they have now, however if you're skeptical about getting this game, so was I at first. Wait for the seasonal sales. Then you can probably get the bundled DLC's (repectively) for as well as the game for about the same price. This is a "must have" game for any RPG/Dungeon crawler/Story driven/artistic game lovers. 6/5 stars for replay ablility. 4.8/5 for graphic (much higher with the right mod) This game ate MONTHS from my life and continues to do so.
game-hours: 5.4
review: PLAY BEFORE YOU DIE!!
game-hours: 12.0
review: Much graphics. Such RPG. So scandinavian accent.
game-hours: 14.4
review: Great game I own it on consol but it is 10x better on pc much better graphics with my computer and you can mod the game! it's also on sale atm in the steam store. If anyone hasn't bought this game yet for pc i suggest you do.
game-hours: 12.5
review: Good game :)
game-hours: 432.8
review: Favorite game ever. If you dont want it to end it will oblige giving even the strongest dovakin more and more challenges to overcome.
game-hours: 248.0
review: Say goodbye to your loved ones. You won't be seeing them for a while.
game-hours: 81.7
review: It's good
game-hours: 77.7
review: umm.... do even have to say anything?
game-hours: 427.5
review: cool game
game-hours: 26.4
review: Hands down one of the best RPG's I've played thus far.
game-hours: 251.3
review: Skyrim is the absolute best openworld RPG you can find, side by side with Morrowind.
game-hours: 229.2
review: Yes, a Million times Yes!
game-hours: 54.1
review: Great game
game-hours: 39.9
review: The Elder Scrolls V - Skyrim is with no doubt one of the best games recently released. An open-world RPG with an infinite amount of quests and modding support ? Count me in. The replayability is also almost endless, because you can make a totally new character with other skills and so have a new experience. Installing mods can also help you fighting the boredom when you've reached 300+ hours ingame.
game-hours: 89.7
review: this game is very addicting and if you get bord after 40 hours of playing it theres always workshop
game-hours: 32.4
review: I don't really have to say much in this review other then if you do not own this game and you love rpgs, you've been missing out. From gorgeous visuals, to the diverse gameplay, no game has come near such a milestone. This game provides all of the necessary tools needed for a game of its kind to succeed. A gripping storyline, power to the player, and a hell of a lot of stuff to do.
game-hours: 258.8
review: Best Game EVER!
game-hours: 119.8
review: Jednm slovem "Dokonalost". 10/10
game-hours: 151.7
review: Elder Scrolls Skyrim... probably one of the most anticipated titles in a long time... everyone wanted a peice of this game.. it spawned numerous internet meme's but all of that aside, its truely a great great game. the graphics are breathtaking, the combat is amazingly indepth and fun, the quests and storylines are moving and incorperate you in ways you didnt think possible. I could go on for hours about the gameplay but there are thousands of reviews about how great this game is... ill sum it all up on one sentance for you. "Bethesda has done it again... its just amazing, you MUST play this game." (FPS / RPG / Adventure)
game-hours: 89.1
review: gets samey after a bit, but still fun and much improved over oblivion
game-hours: 138.0
review: The best game ever!
game-hours: 642.1
review: I have a earned a very large playtime on skyrim and if you're are thinking of buying it I would say it is one of the most replayable games out at the moment. The vast support of moders means you can customize the game to be played however you want, from making yourself a god that can mow down your enemys, to playing as an adventurer; strugling to stay alive in the harsh cold of skyrims landscape.
game-hours: 182.5
review: This game's mustache is less than appealing to the naked eye.
game-hours: 67.0
review: Is gay
game-hours: 159.3
review: Love this game, and with the workshop it never gets old.
game-hours: 292.2
review: Ok so I'll get straight to the point. Everybody loves Skyrim. It can be a true sandbox game where you can literally do youre own thing. Lets say you want to play a thief but only on your off time, thewn you can go join the thieves guild and not complete any of the story missions, just take bonus jobs and complete them for a good bit of cash. The game keeps the targets and other details very random so despite being similar objectives every time, you do get a flavour of diversity. So yes well done Bethesda etc, did a good job. hundreds of hours of gameplay and plenty of things to play around with. Only two critisisms I have are that going ruin exploring is still too repetative. Go in, fight undead, unlock doors and get throuugh traps. It gets predictable. They did a great job on making most of the dungeons have something unique about them, but I would have liked to see something really different every now and then. Secondly I dont think theres enough diversity in the creatures you come across. The different types of animals were done well, no issues there, but with monsters, well theres trolls, dragons, undead, chaurus, giants, ice wraiths and the odd summoned elemental here and there. The DLC adds a few more but the encounters just arent varied enough I think. One last bit which I think they probably considered but didnt add in, is a race based skill tree. Each of the races could have had a skill tree so that playing a race becomes more varied and exciting than just start skills, a few dialogue changes and a few powers. There we go, rant over. Still love the game and keep playing it. Its damn good, if you dont own it, then go own it. Simples
game-hours: 36.7
review: AMAZING. 9.5/10
game-hours: 5.1
review: Awesome
game-hours: 1870.5
review: Simply put: I have put 1300+ hours into this game. I'm sure there's a reason for that. Get it.
game-hours: 257.7
review: Ich denke, jeder kennt Skyrim, dazu braucht man nicht viel sagen. Ich machs trotzdem (also in Bezug auf sagen, nicht auf viel): Schn anzusehendes Sandbox-RPG mit riesiger, vllig frei begehbarer Spielwelt, nicht linearem Spielablauf und jeder Menge Quests und Dungeons, um auch den altruistischsten Erforscher glcklich zu machen. Es gibt jede Menge zu entdecken, zu craften, zu handeln, zu questen und berhaupt gibt es einfach pausenlos Beschftigung. Wie bei Elder Scrolls generell so blich: Geniale Spielwelt, miese Story. Der eigene Held, taubstumm (oder wie es so schn heit staubdumm, haha ha ha... ha...) bleibt dabei natrlich dabei ebenso papier-flach, tiefgrndig wie eine Pftze und langweilig wie alle anderen, vllig austauschbaren Charaktere im Spiel. Die Story lsst sich mit 3 Worten erzhlen. ... ... ... (Spoiler-Zensur). Alles klar? Jedenfalls spielt man keine Elder Scrolls-Spiele wegen der innovativen Story oder den sympathischen Charakteren (hoffe ich zumindest nicht), sondern wegen der frei erkundbaren, genial... Moment, nun wiederhole ich mich. Und berhaupt sollte es doch nicht lang werden. Zum Abschluss sei gesagt: Die Elder Scrolls Modder sind definitiv engagiert und durch Mods kann man das Spiel und die Spielerfahrung gleich nochmal enorm aufrsten. Wird natrlich empfohlen, ist doch klar. Fus Ro Dah! Das reimt sich sogar! (Okay, ich hr schon auf)
game-hours: 297.0
review: This game is amazing. 200+ hours of enjoyment and with mods you get even more.
game-hours: 124.0
review: Absulote aswome game, well done and I do recomend!
game-hours: 116.2
review: One of the most amazing games I've ever player! Highly recommended.
game-hours: 60.5
review: One of the best RPG games of all time!
game-hours: 17.3
review: Fallout with dragons
game-hours: 159.7
review: Skyrim is arguably Bethesda's best game I've seen yet. The graphics are stunning and the storyline is far better than any of the previous Elder Scrolls or Fallout games they have made. That doesn't mean it is perfect, though. The game does a great job at keeping you playing, but the game has its fair share of glitches and rough edges. I won't mention them specifically, but they can be overlooked, but as soon as you get past the 30 or 40 hour mark, you start to notice these things. Glitches aside, this game is definitely worth the money. You'll get to experience a vast and in depth world filled with all sorts of creatures. On top of all this, there are so many mods to make the game something new or even make the game even more beautiful. The incredible number of mods will allow you to keep playing the game in new ways for quite some time and will definitely give you your money's worth.
game-hours: 1154.8
review: Dragon's, Vampire's, Werewolf's, Magic, all put into 1 huge  world and what do you get? Skyrim. An amazing game full of twists and turns allowing you to do just about everything in this game even get married and run around pretending to be god by shooting lightning out of your hands and yelling at people causing them to fly 20 feet if they piss you off except for giants and mammoths.......and dragons.......those are to big.........they just get pissed off at you and go LOL NOPE but anyway a fun game really awesome if your a slow gamer like me and like to look at everything this game will take you a good 300 hours or so to beat but really worth the price its at right now because you get lost in this game really easily........
game-hours: 17.5
review: An amazing game! The scenery is nice and the quests are fun. So many races to choose from and you can customize your character in any way you want. There is the main quest line and then all of the side quests. This is my favourite free roam game, it does it so well! You could play for hundreds of hours and still not have completed all of the quests. Also, if you get the DLC that adds even more quests! The only problem is that there is the occasional glitch, some can be minor, and some major. But overall, this is an amazing game that you should buy! 9.5/10
game-hours: 24.3
review: In my opinion one of the best games ever made... Lots of gameplay, lots of story great DLC. When you finished the story there is so much left to explore. Love the game and the mods. Community is great too. They make the best mods and add-ons. thats why im looking forward to ES: Online! 9.9/10
game-hours: 260.2
review: It is by far one of my favorite games of the generation. There are tons of mods for when you get bored, never ending quests. I highly recomend this game
game-hours: 321.2
review: cool story, great weapons!
game-hours: 407.3
review: The best rpg of it's kind from the past 10 years
game-hours: 40.4
review: Awesome Game that everyone should play at least once!
game-hours: 105.8
review: I wish the skill system was more like Oblivion, but. whatever. I became bored of this game very quickly on console. However im still having fun with it on PC do to modability, which made it so i CAN have the Oblivion/Morrowind system through mods. If you can, get this on PC, not console.
game-hours: 68.0
review: Digital crack cocaine.
game-hours: 3.0
review: Great story, immersive environments and very detailed game. Definitely a must have!
game-hours: 645.1
review: pretty good game ye know.
game-hours: 506.1
review: YOU BUY DIS NAO
game-hours: 162.9
review: 10/10 This is the greatest game I have ever played in my life. I have over 2500 hours in this game (I played about 700 hours on Console, and the rest on a pirated version (I know, I'm terrible) I only recently bought it.) This game, besides the bugs, is flawless. It provides so many hours of fun. There are so many quests, so many places to explore, and just so many things you can do. There are endless possiblilities and you can build your character however you want. I've had about 7 full play throughs. My favorite build has been sneak assassin in conjunction with alteration spells. I have still yet to explore all the clever ways to gear your character. If you have not yet played this game, you need to. The graphics are absolutely amazing and the world is beautifully sculpted. It doesn't just end here. Bethesda, yet again, does not fail to impress. The modability in this game has resulted in fellow players to create mods that completely change the game. And new mods come out quickly. Even the incredible graphics can be put on steroids with mods, making the game seem incredibly realistic. If you have not played this game, you must. Since the game has been out for quite a while, the Legendary Edition will go on sale during the seasonal sales for about 20 dollars. And I promise, it will be the best 20 dollars you have ever spent. I really regret not buying this game earlier and playing so much on the pirated version.
game-hours: 96.5
review: Skyrim is not just a game, it's a whole world in your hands! The story is just Crazy, side quests are great! You can become a great warrior, or be a regular family man, the choice is yours, but know the world of Skyrim is great friend of mine and he is waiting for you!
game-hours: 6.9
review: reech 4 da skai(rim) - woody da cowboi
game-hours: 13.6
review: Just enjoy it
game-hours: 15.2
review: Best game of the last generation made even better with mods :)
game-hours: 46.7
review: AMAZING
game-hours: 127.1
review: The best game of 2011. Story and the characters are a bit weak, but the sheer amount of things to do and places to see cannot be matched. This time it's not just endless cut & paste dungeons either - It feels like for the first time in the Elder Scrolls series the technology, gameplay and general scope merge together to form a really satisfying game.
game-hours: 166.0
review: Well, it is an Elder Scrolls game and due to the fact that i watched my dad playing Daggerfall when i was a little cub this is something that is almost melded to my body. The Elder Scrolls games where an essential part of my life in the way that i read EVERY SINGLE BOOK INSIDE OF THE GAMES SINCE OBLIVION. Why did i do that? I really dont know it but what i know is that i know quite a lot about the Elder Scrolls Saga and so i feel like writing a review for this. Before i start i should say sorry because i will bring points up which may be a bit missleading, i really like the game in the state i have it in right now and am a complete Scrolls freak so i could counter every point of mine with the Argument that it is part of the Elder Scrolls. So where to start, maybe with the kind of game this is. This is if you would ask me a Sandbox game with RPG elements and not a fullblown RPG and this is why, the most characters in the game appear too onesided, there is almost nobody that questions his or her own actions and even if you can influence the country's politics and raise up in ranks it doesnt really matter. Well that doesnt make any sense Larker you might say now but let me describe what the difference is. If you usually proceed to a higher rank you feel proud because you accomplished something and this feeling isnt existant in Skyrim because these promotions fly in your direction and the reward almost feels casual. Skyrim is in some respectives an rpg, without any doubt but it just doesnt feel completely like it even though it fullfills one point which i will talk about in a second. The game has a good structure and the World is somewhat fascinating with many locations which are interesting enough to visit. There are some parts in it that are repetetive but its in a way that isnt annoying and that is quie an accomplishment if you consider the size of this world. The Quests are a bit more repetetive but i have to defend them because there arent that many things in a game like this that you could give as a quest. The Skill System is good and the shout system brings an interesting aspect into the game even if i have a bit of an argument with myself about it because i personally believe that a shout is entirely different from a bigger power and thus should be on an other button but well what do you wanna do. There are 2 giant problems though. 1. The writing and the story on its own is mostly just sloppy compared with games like oblivion, the characters feel dumb and the interaction is really basic, i understand that bethesda might have gone for a bigger audience and they succeeded but on the way they dumbed down the game quite hard. Interestingly enough are the facts that the books in the game hold more interesting writing than the characters speeches. It doesnt matter if you are an archmage or a Thane because for the guards those two things both are on the same level (They also are most of the times just annoying). The games tries to be a game and thats actually fine by me, if you consider that most Games that try to send a message these days only cause more problems. Though there is maybe and im really not sure about it, critique about politics in it. At the point where the two factions meet up it feels more like kindergarten than politics, but as i said im not sure if this is a critique made by the game developers that was made intentionally. 2. Some Career choices just arent viable on their own. It is unbelievably boring and hard to actually train some traits, like alchemy for example and even if you do they sometimes dont benefit you that much. I picked alchemy because it was quite recent that i made a Skyrim run with an alchemist. So you level up your alchemy but then you find out that brewing poisons and mixing potions on its own is somewhat useless, sure you could put it on your weapons and potions are always awesome but i imagine an alchemist as a mage not as a warrior. So what else could i do? Well you can obviously poison them not by weapons but by simply putting the poison in there bags, what do you need for that? Well another Trait so yay. You Basically have 5 ways to actually viably fight your fights, these are one handed, two handed, archery, destruction and conjuration. I cant completely say i didnt know that before the game came out but i really hoped that i would be able to go a path and dont have to leave it to actually be viable. Why would I hope such a thing? Well now we can talk about that point i spoke of before. Skyrim isnt a hardcore RPG because you arent forced into a character that socially develops and thus almost everything concerning your character happens in the players mind or happens not entirely. It is Roleplaying in its pure way or you arent roleplaying at all and you rather arent roleplaying because due to the few REAL decisions you are limited to the dumbed down format of the game which doesnt give you enough options to play freely, thank Meridia though that there is Mod support for the game which basically gives it an insane amount of replay value and fixes to play as you want. Pro: Beautiful and giant World, Mod Support, High Replay Value, Easy and smooth Story, (Elderscroooooooolls!!!!!!) Contra: Bad or Mediocre Writing, Bad for Roleplaying, Dumb Characters, Too small influence on the world Who should buy this game?: Well almost every person might try this gem, it is easy to start into rpg's with skyrim due to its simple format and can be lots of fun. However if this is your first RPG you might rather not buy it at a full price, if you already like rpg's and are up for a bit of 'sploring you should pick this game up at any time. Make sure that you always buy the legendary edition due to the bigger content and its cheaper to buy it like that, than all on its own. Also check out the Workshop for skyrim and maybe check out TheGreyLight, he made some amazing and useful mods. Sincerely, Lord Larker the Lurker
game-hours: 34.5
review: Best game I have ever played by far!
game-hours: 4099.9
review: A game that deserves the attention of anyone who plays video games in this era. If you are late to the Elder Scrolls bandwagon, now is a great time to hop on board.
game-hours: 420.6
review: What can I say you can honestly do and be whatever you want in this game plus dragons
game-hours: 37.9
review: The game is perfect 2/10 <3
game-hours: 27.4
review: If you honestly dont own Skyrim yet and claim to own a Gaming PC I have a set of instuctions for you Step 1 - Unplug computer Step 2 - THROW IT OUT Step 3 - Re-evaluate your life choices This is the crme de la crme of RPG's. It is the RPG Godsend. I swear this is the only game you will ever need. It is that special type of amazing you can not type. 10/10
game-hours: 67.2
review: Best RPG I'd ever played !
game-hours: 47.8
review: Amazing. So many hours of gameplay to join the amazing story and world. (Not including all the mods you can install) Just get it. Give Steam your monies. They're waiting...
game-hours: 604.5
review: Amazingly addictive.
game-hours: 11.9
review: Just recently got the game and it is probaly the most fun ive had in a while I highly recommend this game you get the ingame stuff but then once you have enough fun with the ingame stuff then you move on to the mods and thats where it gets really intresting I love the fact that I can go into creation kit in the tools menu and create weapons to my specs damage you name it The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim lets you play how you wanna play thats why I give it 10/10
game-hours: 13.5
review: Very good game, this is a must buy! graphics and gameplay is very smooth :)
game-hours: 445.0
review: I love skyrim. There is so much to do, and it is funn to mod. You cant beat the current price. I is def worth the buy!
game-hours: 276.7
review: Yeah, if you're going to buy this, you might as well be ready to give your soul to it. For the amount of things you can do, the time you can spend, and enjoy about every moment while playing this game... It is very much worth your money. Not to mention, Dawnguard and Dragonborn, some of the best add-ons I've ever seen, with Hearthfire being alright. Smiley face for happiness :)
game-hours: 21.1
review: THIS GAME IS BEAST
game-hours: 184.6
review: Best RPG EVER!
game-hours: 128.5
review: Skyrim's about emergent experiences. It presents a sandbox, a MASSIVE one, and with a thousand and one things to do and places to see and tombs to plunder. They're all built around the same building blocks, so there is a strong sense of "seen this before" immediately followed by "ooh, but look how they changed it!" Best moment: In the hellish depths of a dwemer ruin, I'm plagued by the most vile Falmer. My companions are dead, these morlock-esque creatures want to eat me, and I will die in the dark with no one to mourn my little archer. I'm fighting for my life on a catwalk in an archery battle across a chasm. I dispatch all but the last of them, who's as close to death as I am, and when I reach for my quiver, I find it empty. He fires his arrow at me. I panic and Shout, forgetting entirely what spell I had equipped. The world slowed. Time stopped. The arrow crawling towards my face. Amazed, I plucked it out of the air, knocked it in my bow, and shot it right into the Falmer's face. I had no idea I could even do that.
game-hours: 337.8
review: The Elder Scrolls 5: Skyrim is a truly great game. This is my first Elder Scrolls game, but I really found myself immersed in this world compared to Bethesda's other titles, such as Fallout. Without mods, the game's still amazing. But if you want to improve your experience, skip to the bottom. Total: 8.2/10 (Note that this was my first review, and I'm not being biased. I mean, this IS my favorite game) Gameplay: 5/10 The controls are simple and easily understood. Has nice HUD, UI, etc. The difficulty... not so much. The dragons, were at first depicted to be "strong, deadly; only killable by the best of the best" yet, while in a town, a guard who's adventuring days were over because of a single arrow to the knee can easily kill a dragon. Once you reach level 30, you're practically unbeatable, even in the hardest difficulties. Story: 10/10 I loved the story, although I was never able to finish it. Spent 3,000 hours on it offline, but never got a chance to finish the story. You're a badass Dragonborn. The first one in centuries. Who wouldn't want that? To be able to learn the power and tongue of the dragons in a matter of seconds. Being the only person alive to be able to devour a dragon's soul. Your enemy is the son of a god. A world eater. Pretty cool eh? Well, I'll stop there. Playability: 7/10 It's just so replayable to the point where you can end up making several characters, and none of them are even past level 10. You can start out as a warrior, mastering heavy armory and weaponry. Or a Mage, using regular clothing but warding yourself in bound armor or using bound weaponry; even many different types of magic. Or a thief, sneaky and evasive. Focusing only on light armor and archery. It's very great and all, except Bethesda released the game 25% finished. It didn't have most of the things it currently has now, like fixed bugs, mounted combat, etc. The game was so broken, many players waited for patches before playing. Just like every Bethesda game: Lots of bugs. Many have been fixed by patches or the Unofficial Skyrim Patch :) Visuals: 9/10 Although not very high-end compared to most games, and the shadows are highly demanding despite the low details, it's still very appealing. ESPESCIALLY with Parallax, texture, and ENB mods. Sometimes, I'm fulled thinking I'm playing Crysis or BF3. But the lighting and shadows are noticably bad, which may break immersion. The "Ultra" Shadows are worse than BF3's low Shadows. Immersion: 10/10 Immerse yourself in the game with ease. The moddibility helps it be more and more immersive. With the right mods, you will feel as if you're truly living in the world of Skyrim... freezing in the cold regions, trying not to get drunk, etc. Wearing a hood in the rain... Things like that. Now, mods. Mods are great and all, but the more mods - The longer your startup will be. You'll need to use TES5Edit to fix incompatibilities. More mods - More conflicts. A friend took 3 days to clean his initial set up. Me? I don't care, as long as there's no CTDs or it runs well, I'll play. Mods I recommend, in order from top to bottom: Unofficial Patches. Get them accordingly, they will fix many many bugs in the game. Highly compatible with many. Requiem (Roleplay - A thousand times better, much more immersion... truly amazing mod.) Tytanis (Overhaul - Adds a lot of stuff that makes the game much better) Duel - Realist Combat (Fighting mechanics - Much better and realistic fighting.) SkyUI & iHud (Much better interface that will fit nicely into the game; more immersive HUD) ACE (Difficulty and skills overhaul. Will make the game a challenge) Tamriel Reloaded (Amazing Textures, I recommend to install Skyrim High Res DLC and Skyrim HD 2k first then installing this over it; pure parallax at its best) WATER (Much better water, truly jaw dropping with the right ENB) VFO (Stands for Vurts Flora Overhaul; better flora, will help immerse) EBT (Enhanced Blood Textures; adds wounds, cuts, etc. Makes battles look manlier.) Thunder Child (Overhauls the shout system; I've yet to try it because I'm already far ahead with several shouts (not really, just Fus) so I'm waiting until I start my female character) Warzones (NOTE: NEED A VERY POWERFUL PC. EVEN I CAN'T HANDLE IT. Okay, so. Skyrim - A land torn apart by war and usunder. Civil Unrest is everywhere, the Civil War rages through the land. -walks outside- Huh... no battle here. This mod adds the battles in dynamic locations. Even makes Civil War quests harder by adding nearby battles or patrols. Immerse yourself deeper into the world as 1,000+ NPCs are fighting each other) That's all I can do to keep this short. Enjoy your game :)
game-hours: 156.2
review: I tried to get my horse to mate with a dragon to breed a dragon-horse. The horse just kept neighing and trying to kick the dragon, then running away. Open world my , no cross-species breeding made the experience feel extremely restrictive. Although the simulation is accurate, as much like real life, horses are  as .
game-hours: 22.1
review: WOAHOHOH... You never saw these graphics....... They so COOOOOOOLLLL.... Ok, I'm done. Enjoy.
game-hours: 143.9
review: Come for the Adventure. Stay for the mods. Leave because you installed too many mods and now your game just crashes.
game-hours: 410.6
review: Best mountain climbing sim ever! If you dont like mountain climbing, don't worry because I'm pretty sure there are other things to do too.
game-hours: 12.1
review: The good thing about Skyrim is you can't beat it in a day. The game is very time consuming and very fun, the story line keeps you on the edge of your seat, and the wonderful graphics make me realize how great this game truley is. Skyrim is worth it, and so is the DLC. If your looking for a game where you can free-roam, complete quests, and overall have a great time, then this is the game for you. +Graphics +Story Line +Quests +Time Consuming +Free-Roam Rating: 9/10
game-hours: 229.9
review: THE BEST ING GAME
game-hours: 7662.9
review: SkyRim the fifth edition of The Elder Scrolls out distances all of the series Believe me I have played all of the games.This one is the Best.
game-hours: 225.8
review: No words can accurately describe the amount of epic that this game contains. The Elder Scrolls is an amazing series, so I'd recommend playing Morrowind and Oblivion too. For maximum enjoyment in this game, try to really charactetrize the player you make. i.e. If he's a theif and a sword user, don't join the mages guild too. If they're a cloth wearing mage, don't join the fighters guild. Try to think of a character story and stick to it. Lastly, Mods are a must for this game. Updated textures and meshes make the game absolutely gorgeous.
game-hours: 14.5
review: This is perhaps the most overhyped in all of video game history, the voice acting and plot of the game are very weak, the combat and movement system make it feel like you're a floating camera stuck on a grid like Wolfenstein 3D, the combat is shallow and unsatisfying, the -not so radiant- AI is embarassing for a single player only game, and quite frankly the only redeeming feature is that it's a hiking simulator without a learning curve so even the most simple minded and talentless individuals can feel special as -the one- -the only- -dragonborn-. And yet it seems to really bother with such a game, you probably need to be a different type of "special", not so much in the sense of being important, but rather incapable of thinking for yourself and spending a few seconds to find one of thousands of games that are far superior gameplay wise. Oh wait, there's another redeeming feature, the atmosphere, so you can feel like a giant manchild without the need of a weird diaper fetish.
game-hours: 96.1
review: Awesome game! Im having so much fun playing this game. Even tough there are glitches little here and there but overall. AWESOME GAME!
game-hours: 33.4
review: BEST GAME EVER! CAN ALSO BE MODDED
game-hours: 174.3
review: I love the cold air.
game-hours: 83.7
review: Keeps you occupied for hours and hours on end. Beautifully designed, too.
game-hours: 53.0
review: Good graphics! Great story line! Amazing weapons! Stunning enemies! What else can I say. Some say that the PC version isn't as good as the PS3 or XBOX360 versions. I find that hard to believe. Brilliant.
game-hours: 369.7
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a Action Adventure RPG which takes place in the fictional land of Skyrim You are the dragonborn, a human with a dragons soul destined to stop a powerful evil dragon named Alduin(the world eater) Now let's get real the plot is very weak and the game is full of bugs where any of them can destroy your safe file which can contain 100+ hours of playing. Gameplay wise it's mostly this: see something, whip out sword, run up to it, start hitting, ??? profit. The graphics looks good but if you got a powerful gaming setup i suggest downloading graphics mods which makes the game jaw dropping beautiful. Again plot wise it isn't very good, but then again a RPG is about creating a character and roaming the world with it and on that note Skyrim delivers. Exploring in this game is so much fun, you actually lose track of time a lot. I might be a bit harsh regarding the gameplay but it can be really boring at times if you choose a melee focused play style. But if you like magic the game is fun at almost all times. But what really impressed me was the soundtrack in-game. Whoever composed it is a absolutely genius. Once again Bethesda proves themselfs to be the king of soundtracks (Fallout 3/Fallout New Vegas) Presentation: 7.5 Graphics: 8.5 Sound: 10.0 Game-play: 8.0 Lasting Appeal: 9.0 Overall Rating: 9.5 While the gameplay can be rather stiff at some points the makes up for it with masive amounts of exploration and a fantastic soundtrack. Simply a must buy.
game-hours: 154.3
review: Best Game Ever.
game-hours: 53.9
review: Time to recommend, what is probably the most hyped game I've ever played. First of all. It's good, that's all you need to really know. It is a good game. But it got some massive flaws. If I am to compare it to morrowind or oblivion, it is worse. In pretty much every way. First time playing morrowind you will notice that it' got some of the best music you can come by, and some cool gameplay. Oblivion was so good I never stopped playing it, until I had made EVERY mission. This game, skyrim, is a bit of both. only real problem with it - it's extremly repetitive. Every mission (pretty much) is the other alike. It got some really cool graphics, finally some decent voiceacting and some good missions every now and then. The dragons that were so extremly hyped are a bust tho. They do NOT live up to their name. They are repetitive and boring. Which kinda kills the whole "dragonborn-plot" So wait for a sale, then buy it. you won't regret it. it's good, really good, just not AS good as it's precursors. So it doesn't get full pot, but almost 9/10
game-hours: 236.4
review: One word describes this game: EPIC!!! I mean this is the BEST RPG I have ever played in my whole life! It has so much depth to it, so many choices to be made, so many locations to visit, so many quests to complete, very big expansive and dynamic world of Skyri makes it the best game I have ever played. You can be whatever you like, you have an in-depth character customization, you can pick up almost everything you see in the game, and the whole world is open. No boundaries, just exploring the wast region of Skyrim. I played this game before on Xbox and I'm sure I spent at least 1000 hours in the game. But the game doesn't stop here, there are also cool DLC-s and tons of mods. So, If you want to have a really good invest in the game, you must really OWN this game! You are not going to regret it!
game-hours: 4.9
review: Absolute must have, The elder scrolls series have always been outstanding, with skyrims new graphics, and engine's as well as mods to be released soon ( morrowsky taking you back to morrowind) this is a must have game
game-hours: 43.5
review: Its Elder Scrolls....whats not to LOVE
game-hours: 229.7
review: Excellent RPG game. Best-in-class overworld exploration, loads of dungeons to explore and complete, and a slew of quests to go through including 5 faction questlines that you can run through (6 if you count both sides of the civil war questline). This game easily has 150 hours of content to your average player and much more to Elder Scrolls fans. While not retaining all of the RPG elements of it's predecessor, Skyrim is interesting in it's own way by characterizing all of the races individually, from the Scandinavian accents of the Nords to the Secluded Orcs, each race feels different like it actually belongs somewhere. It doesn't have the same attributes and skills system as Oblivion, but rather sets you out into the world and just lets you level up any skills that you want. While this is effective for a playthrough or two, I soon found myself running to the Steam Workshop to download some mods that give the game more of an RPG feel. While this could be found as a negative, I think that the fact that I was able to go to the workshop and essentially just fix the problem says a lot about the freedom that this game gives you. The Steam workshop gives you unlimited freedom to do whatever you could want to do to the game, from little mods that tweak the game to you liking to mini expansions with all-new locations and characters. This game isn't the best PC port, however. It doesn't let you turn off Vsync (a problem that is easily overlooked but still annoying) and you have to go into the .ini files of the game's directory to change the field of view. These are minor, nitpicky complaints but it would be nice if Bethesda put more effort into making the game a bit more playable with a mouse and keyboard on the PC. The worst offender of this is the UI, which is a dream come true for controller players but a frustrating place to go for mouse and keyboard players. Luckily, the Steam Workshop combined with SKSE (a community made script extender for the game) let you once again fix the problem with a new UI that works perfectly with a mouse and even lets you search your inventory for items by simply typing the items in. All in all, this game is incredible and will entertain your for hundreds of hours if you're willing to go to the trouble of manually fixing a few minute issues. I would recommend it to anyone.
game-hours: 172.1
review: TIS GOOD
game-hours: 492.5
review: Soo much fun =D even when your done you can mod it and get soo much fun out of it!
game-hours: 184.1
review: i love this game
game-hours: 480.2
review: Take a look at my play time. That should give you an indicator of how I feel about this game. Then, factor in that I haven't even completed the main quest yet... The base game is pretty awesome, but the community mods here on Steam Workshop and on Nexus are what really make this game amazing!
game-hours: 178.1
review: The space program was nice with the friendly trolls and dragons like mountains. Would loli-gag again. 10/10
game-hours: 231.4
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is definitely one of the greater games on the steam market. In Skyrim, your character is not restricted to certain items or abilities (except the abilities that come with your characters race). If you want to buy the game I would suggest buying legendary edition because of its extra hours of gameplay. And, if you don't like the game the way it is, you can find a wide array of mods you might enjoy.
game-hours: 216.8
review: Skip Elder Scrolls Online and play a REAL elder scrolls game. 11/10 :D Amazing open world game that will last you a long time.
game-hours: 516.5
review: Frostbite spiders.
game-hours: 92.9
review: Game of the generation. Skyrim is an amazing game. From fighting a pack of wolves to a mighty dragon. This game will entertain you for years.
game-hours: 138.9
review: AMAZING game! Highly reccomend! 10/10!
game-hours: 117.6
review: The Elder Fallout V:Skyrim
game-hours: 69.0
review: fun game
game-hours: 242.0
review: it's a great game
game-hours: 144.5
review: Not much of an RPG players myself....but my friend bought me this game for my b-day and I fell in love with it the from the start. Simply amazing!
game-hours: 147.4
review: After 130 hours of gameplay--yes, 130 hours--I have just come to finish the main questline of the game. This was not because I spent a lot of time on the main questline, but because I did a lot of stuff here and there whilst gradually doing the questline. The reason I mention this is Skyrim's beautiful scenery, decent voice acting and great alternate questlines that put you in the ranks of killers, vampire hunters, thieves and elite assassins, if I dare say. There are a lot of things to enjoy in Skyrim, but it's even better if you get the legendary edition, which is basically all the DLCs. They're worth their price, and with the game being a daily deal you're bound to get great bang for your buck.
game-hours: 247.7
review: This game takes place in the world of Skyrim, you are the dragonborn with the ability to devour a dragon's soul.I've spent 230 hours on this game and I enjoyed every second of it, this is one of the best games ever made. - Dennis
game-hours: 775.2
review: Skyrim: The game that never ends, and never gets old. That is if you install mods. With mods, this game is one of the best I've ever played, without mods, still one of the best. GG Bethsoft. If only there was a co-op elder scroll/fallout game other than the shitpile eso.
game-hours: 146.7
review: Really Enjoyed this game has sooooo much stuff in it that can last for hours. it has a great storyline including dragonborn and dawnguard I would definitly recommend it if you enjoy a good old western rpg 10/10. also as a side note im still on my quest to find a floating mammoth.
game-hours: 65.3
review: FUS RO DAH!!!
game-hours: 458.8
review: Take a deep breath. Start the game, play it for hours upon hours, boom, you're the Thane of Whateverhold, bam, you're the Leader of a guild, and boom, you're the Master of a certain craft. Engage yourself in the compelling and fantastically well-written storyline, or venture off to one of the hundred places you have yet to discover, caves, shrines, camps, dragon nests, everything is at your feet. Step into a world weilding your favorite weapon and engage the world in a fist-fight to the death as you level up and gradually step into the ranks of the unkillable. Bash-n-Smash not your thing? This game wiped me off my feet, blew my mind, and from time to time still absorbs me, and I find myself having stayed up all night leveling yet another combination of combat styles. Get this game.
game-hours: 402.9
review: This is my all time favorite game! I already did a full play-thru on PS3 and couldn't stay away. This time around, I am experimenting with lots of great mods from the workshop. Good times!
game-hours: 65.4
review: Best game 5 eva
game-hours: 386.8
review: Absolutly love this game. Is a very fun experiance with just vanilla playing, but add a few dozen mods off either the workshop or Nexus and you can customise the game any way you want. Love it.
game-hours: 60.3
review: This game is great in itself, but the real magic here is in the mods. Buy this game just for the mods. Graphic enhancements, immersive mods, gameplay-improving mods, and turning dragons into thomas the train is what this game is all about. The vanilla Skyrim is great too. Besides the wonky combat. Mods can fix that.
game-hours: 109.4
review: amazeballs
game-hours: 70.4
review: This is one awesome game!
game-hours: 54.8
review: This is one of my favorite games. I really enjoy being able to wander around doing odd quests and advancing my level. You can do just about anything you want in this game. You can follow the main storyline or go wherever you would like. There are tons of sidequests to do and plenty to see. I feel like I get my worth from just wandering around and ocasionally going into a cave or dungeon to get some treasure. I first got into the Elder Scrolls with Morrowind and have been hooked since.
game-hours: 222.6
review: i love it
game-hours: 206.0
review: the elder scrolls v: skyrim is a geat rpg open world game from what i played i would give it a 9.6/10
game-hours: 155.1
review: awesome game - love the addons you can get too
game-hours: 37.2
review: incredible game 10/10
game-hours: 119.4
review: I. Can't. Stop. Playing.
game-hours: 194.7
review: Very good game, would recommend.
game-hours: 698.4
review: I bought it and didn't see the light of day for about a week. I almost died, I lost all of my friends, my family... IT RUINED MY LIFE. 10/10 Must have. BUY IT NOW. DOI IT. NOW.
game-hours: 84.8
review: Great game...
game-hours: 153.8
review: If I have 107 hours on record and I've only been able to use 800x600 resolutions and kept all the other settings on the lowest possible level, the game has to be pretty good. 5/5 ebin
game-hours: 241.6
review: Awesome standalone, but mods can bring it to a whole new level as well. Can be tasking to a PC when heavily moded, but worth the trouble. Bethesda also delivers the deep story line that they always do.
game-hours: 147.6
review: Skyrim is one of the best video games ever made. Mods = infinite replayability.
game-hours: 213.3
review: I give 5 Star.
game-hours: 84.1
review: Great game!
game-hours: 71.2
review: It is no Morrowind. But pretty good nonetheless.
game-hours: 233.9
review: This game is amazing. Two years later and I still play quite regularly. I love the Elder Scrolls.
game-hours: 90.7
review: After putting in 100+ hours on the Xbox 360 version, I still bought this game a second time through Steam. Even after 2 years since it's release, I'm still loving this game. It's just one of those games you can always go back to and find something new to try out.
game-hours: 219.6
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim it's great game . I've played this game more than two hundred hours, and I have enjoyed every moment of it. Where the fun challenge
game-hours: 32.7
review: Great RPG! One of the best games I have ever played; there is just so much to do! Spent nearly a thousand hours on console and pc versions. Definitely get this game.
game-hours: 743.9
review: Lol its fun
game-hours: 24.2
review: Best Game Ever <3!!!! Epic fights, tons of things to do, and arrows to the knee! You know you want it so buy it!!!!
game-hours: 83.3
review: I've sunk nearly 600 hours of my life into Skyrim on console, and it was so good, i had to buy it on PC! strongly reccomend! 10/10
game-hours: 335.5
review: Spent way too much time playing this geem.
game-hours: 254.8
review: This is my first computer / video game ever. Its strikingly beautiful and I haven't had too much trouble learning how to survive and enjoy this virtual world.
game-hours: 71.3
review: Great Game
game-hours: 317.6
review: To whomever isn't playing this yet: what on Nirn are you doing? Divines damn you! Git!
game-hours: 99.0
review: Great game. Even better when modded.
game-hours: 246.4
review: I don't know how they can top this one... This game is amazing!
game-hours: 199.4
review: this game is the most fun game every own buy this game
game-hours: 359.4
review: I love this game. It gives you the freedom to build your hero the way you want him/her to be. Even if this hurts you later in the game. This is the kind of sandbox I cherish.
game-hours: 56.1
review: Skyrim  !  Dart Vaider
game-hours: 97.5
review: This game is one the best open world RPGs ever.
game-hours: 45.7
review: Love this game so much, such a fantastic and immersive world, and scenary will have you standing in random locations just admiring al the hard work put into this amazing title!
game-hours: 124.8
review: This is one of the best games i've ever played.
game-hours: 341.6
review: Det r ett mste, s enkelt r det :D
game-hours: 253.3
review: Tons of stuff to do, the quest are fun. Tons of mods. Do whatever you want
game-hours: 91.3
review: Having only heard people's geeky, and nerdy comments about this game, I was hesitant in purchasing it... Until it arrived in the Winter sales for only a few pounds - I bought it. What can be expected only from Bethesda was over 90 hours (still not total) of immersive gameplay in this fascinating title. Similar to the Fallout games, Skyrim is a brilliant RPG game where nearly every action has a consequence on how the story pans out. Slay dragons, help out in and around villages, craft weapons and armour from various materials, start faction wars? What's not to like? 10/10. Would purchase again.
game-hours: 143.2
review: 10 out of 10 nuff said
game-hours: 113.6
review: Best RPG Series ever!
game-hours: 181.2
review: If you want to play a good game for hours on end, get Skyrim there is so much to play in the game.
game-hours: 700.3
review: so many things to discover, so many things to modify, so many chances to play god
game-hours: 51.8
review: One of the most engrossing games i've played in a long time. You have to be able to sit down and play it without distractions as it's hard to get into a quest then half way through and quit the game to come back to it!
game-hours: 679.0
review: Little needs to be said. It's the fifth installment on a series of games which never failed to deliver houndreds of hours of fun inside a world that does it's best to look and feel genuinely working on it's own. Gamers who can easily dive their minds into a game's world will enjoy this experience like no other. With a constant stream of mods being released and improved, Elder Scrolls games can really last for years. Very well deserved 9.8/10
game-hours: 180.2
review: Does this game really need any introduction? The Elder Scrolls: Skyrim is a beautiful game with a rich story, excellent characters and a huge dynamic open world for you to explore. If you haven't played through this at least once, you are seriously missing out. My only major issue is this is clearly a game designed for consoles without PC in mind, the UI terrible with a mouse and keyboard, this is easily fixed through a mod called "SkyUI" however and truly doesn't take away from how mind-blowing and amazing the Skyrim adventure is.
game-hours: 521.9
review: Fantastic game. So much to do, you can re-play and re-play a multitude of times and still find different things to do every playthrough, guaranteed. And then, there are the thousands and thousands (no hyperbole) of mods available, with which you can customise almost every imaginable facet of your character and/or gameworld. And if you ever feel that you're running out of stuff to complete or places to see (I doubt this will ever become an issue), A new mod or DLC will be released which will add dozens of hours of extra play-time to the game. There's tonnes and tonnes of stuff to do and see in the vanilla version of the game, too, if modding isn't your thing. In the time I've spent playing Skyrim I could have quite easily mastered a foreign language, learnt to drive a car or settled down with a wife and kids. I'd still choose Skyrim any day.
game-hours: 122.9
review: you could play for hours! the music is dead good.
game-hours: 30.1
review: My favorite.
game-hours: 86.5
review: Miss hit the guard when trying to kill a dragon ... get a bounty points 13/10
game-hours: 29.0
review: you can put pots on peoples heads and they cant see you :)
game-hours: 91.5
review: Great Game, Great Mods, Great Dragons, Great Everything
game-hours: 604.9
review: Dragonborn, Dragonborn by his honor is sworn To keep evil forever at bay! And the fiercest foes rout when they hear triumph's shout, Dragonborn, for your blessing we pray! Hearken now, sons of snow, to an age, long ago and the tale, boldly told, of the one! Who was kin to both wyrm and the races of man with a power to rival the sun And the Scrolls have foretold of black wings in the cold, that when brothers wage war come unfurled! Alduin, Bane of Kings, ancient shadow unbound, with a hunger to swallow the world! But a day, shall arise, when the dark dragon's lies, will be silenced forever and then! Fair Skyrim will be free from foul Alduin's maw! Dragonborn, Dragonborn by his honor is sworn To keep evil forever at bay! And the fiercest foes rout when they hear triumph's shout, Dragonborn, for your blessing we pray!
game-hours: 71.4
review: This is one of the most realistic graphics game if u know the sotry from elder scrolls oblivion and morrwind this game will be a hobby :) RECOMMANDED FOR EVERYONE
game-hours: 31.0
review: A guard saw me stealing book from 234912814 km. 10/10
game-hours: 102.9
review: Best Game Ever !
game-hours: 128.3
review: I can dual-wield Mjolnir against puny mortals while Kenny Loggins' Danger Zone roars in the background. If that doesn't appeal to you then I don't know what I say.
game-hours: 266.1
review: A must have game for any modern day gamer!
game-hours: 10.7
review: THE BEST RPG GAME EVER, beter than oblivion
game-hours: 287.2
review: An amazing open world RPG, full of so many things that listing them all would be impossible, without a doubt get this game, you will not be dissapointed
game-hours: 108.6
review: If you want a game that you can play for hours and hours and hours, and then just stop for a long time, and then come back to and play again for hours and hours and hours, then this is the game for you! The only reason not to buy it, is if you don't want to slay dragons and be awesome!
game-hours: 336.0
review: well were do i begin the elder scrolls v skyrim is one of the greatest gamse i ahev ever played and will keep playing it never gets dull and i think the game is just the best
game-hours: 135.4
review: One of the Bests RPGs i've ever played, and, well, it IS the GOTY of 2011, no need to tell anything else.
game-hours: 20.0
review: Was walking along an icy river, when all of a sudden an evil rabbit with the voice of Satan walks up to me triggering the start of Danger Zone by Kenny Loggins. Luckily for me, just a swift swing of my sword sent him flying back to Oblivion, but to my surprise I was yet to leave the Danger Zone as a troll began trolling me with the trololol song playing alongside his dumb troll face. With the mix of Kenny Loggins and trolling making my ears nearly bleed, I began to run for my life jamming out to now just Danger Zone when out of nowhere I was hit with a wave of childhood memories as a thundering "choo choo" overcomes the glory of Kenny's voice. As I looked to the sky, down came Thomas the Tank as he blasted me with his fiery breathe. In the background, a faint trolling began to creep back into my ears as that damn trolling troll began to catch up to me with my new aforementioned foe. Overcome with nostalgia, fire, trolls trolling, and ungodly amounts of damage being hurled my way, I noticed my screen beginning to flicker. Faster and faster, the flickering began to overcome my screen and suddenly in a heartbeat, I was no more. All that remained as my body hit the floor was the faint sounds of Kenny reminding me that I was indeed on the highway to the Danger Zone, and the lesson of how you never pick a fight with a troll as the one I took on danced his trololol victory dance. 11/10 would recommend
game-hours: 289.6
review: 59.99
game-hours: 335.4
review: It's The Elder Scrolls Skyrim.
game-hours: 122.8
review: You mean the Elder Scrubs V: Git Gud? This game is great for filthy casuels who can't into Morrowind. Stay pleb, dweebs. #MoragBong
game-hours: 185.8
review: If you played Elder Scrolls series since the beginning, you'd actually like this one. And if you never heard about Elder Scrolls, this game will brainwash you into it. All hail Dovahkiin!
game-hours: 287.1
review: Great game, no 2 play throughs will ever be the same. Incredible character customization
game-hours: 10.2
review: a game like no other bethesda is the greatest game creator of all time
game-hours: 46.4
review: This is the best game i have ever played, ever, ever. the amount of depth, and detail to everything is just incredible. one minute you're picking flowers to work on your alchemy, and WAM a dragon (sometimes two) just come out of nowhere, and things just get cray.
game-hours: 1782.7
review: Skyrim is a huge fantasy game with lots of options for gameplay experiance and fit for anyone looking for medieval entertainment. The world is huge and filled to the brim with life, such as deer, foxes, wolves, dragons, bandits, mages, thugs, assassins, thieves, legendary warrors, werewolves, vampires, ect. You are free to choose between ten different races and customize them to be a mage, archer, swordsmen, ect. However, this game does comes with a large number of hilarious and frustrating glitches, so do beware and save often with different files. In the end, you will find yourself easily putting 500+ hours into the game just as I have. I recommend finding some good mods at the Steam Workshop or Skyrim Nexus to make your experiance even better. This game is one of my personal favorites. My final rating: 8.5/10 The game is highly entertaining, but the amount of bugs and glitches brings it down a bit.
game-hours: 518.6
review: Best RPG ever!!!
game-hours: 87.2
review: i love how they made this game and it is fun to play
game-hours: 75.8
review: I love this game and I think you should do more I am defenitely getting the Elder scrolls online
game-hours: 119.2
review: One of the best games I've played. Play the game however you wish. Cast Magic? Sword and Board? Dual wielding stealth? Archer? Mix them up? And let us not forget Dragons! Sometimes I forget there are quests in this game as I wander around stumbling upon things to explore and lose myself doing so.
game-hours: 328.9
review: This is one of the best games ever made. Period. The Elder Scrolls Series, furthermore, is one of the best game series ever made. Do yourself a favour and buy this XD
game-hours: 73.7
review: ----Skyrim Experience---- I have played this game on Xbox 360, (breifly on) PS3, and now PC. On Xbox I've logged over 200 hours, probably closer to 400 or 500. ----Is Skyrim Good?---- This game is immensely fun. It is very extensive in its player-chosen content, such as character creation, faction choice, and many hundreds of quests and objectives. ----PC versus Console Versions---- The PC version seems to only be better, other than the fact that it may not run as well and you have a mouse and keyboard. In my case, I'm running it on a Lenovo Flex 15, intel i5, 8GB RAM laptop. I don't know the graphics card... I can run this at a framerate of... 60-80 on the default medium-quality graphics. So if you have a lower quality system, you may be out of luck, and might just buy it on console. Which is the second point I bring up. As soon as I get what I need, I'm going to start playing it with my Xbox controller, as: - I'm familiar with the controls - Due to my playing Minecraft, every time I go to close my inventory I hit 'E', and wind up equipping or unequipping something - Lockpicking falls victim to to unfortunate fate that many Console -> PC games share: games with a button input that changes based on how much a trigger is depressed or how far a stick is pushed are somewhat ruined, as the PC keyboard isn't capable of that (if you've ever played Trials: Evolution and attempted to do some of the mini-games things you know what I mean). This leaves lockpicking with using the mouse to turn the pick, then w to turn the lock, which has one medium speed. However, the PC version allows you to install mods by the plenty. Mods that add armor, or weapons, or mods that make the dead females nude, or mods that allow you to explore other parts of Tamriel, like Sommerset Isles, Elsweyr, or even the entire Tamriel. For this reason I recommend the PC version, so long as you have a good PC and a controller. ----Why Is Skyrim so Awesome?---- - Character customization: Aside from the initial choosing of your facial features, build, and race, you are always customizing your character throughout the game. Every time you level up a skill, you become more prominent in that skill; every time you level up a character, you attain a skill point with which you can upgrade a skill of your choice. On top of skills and features, every decision you make either directly or indirectly affects you. - Massive F*ing World: Skyrim is filled to the brim with towns, cities, temples, fortresses, fields, lairs, caverns, and mountains. To this day, I have likely only seen 80-95% of Skyrim's features. Sure, a lot of hostile battlements, fortifications, and caverns look similar, but they always change what they hold. - Quests Abound: There are a lot of quests and objectives. A lot. But not enough. Sounds funny, right? Before you start the game, I recommend downloading a lot of quest mods, that way you'll be prepared for it. But when you're starting, there are so many quests, you have no clue what to do! Being a perfectionist, I can't play an open-world game without scouring the world. So I always had tons of quests in my To-Do list. But I slowly completed them, and once I got around to finishing the main quest, I started burning through my quests quickly. (This is all on my Xbox version, by the way). - Stuff: I'm sorry, I'm tired and bored of writing this review, because I only started writing it when I went to the Skyrim page to go to the Workshop to download more mods to continue playing Skyrim, and then I saw this giant empty text box. So... I guess I'll just wrap up this review? I should probably give my recommendation of the game, to play or not: PLAY THE GAME! If you're iffy on it, grab it quick on the Steam sale for $7.99.
game-hours: 35.3
review: yes
game-hours: 179.7
review: My favourite non-Valve game of all time. After TF2, Skyrim is the next highest play time I have ever put into 1 game. Despite it being an RPG and thereby in a way completeable, with storylines for bards and companions and whatnot, I still like to revisit every now and then. It's a very fun game that I like a lot and you should play. I remember the time a friend came to my house, said they weren't interested in Skyrim, I convinced them to try it out and they proceeded to play it for 23 hours straight. Mods are a thing too now, they're pretty good. My player looks like John Travolta. Go play this, it's very good.
game-hours: 34.7
review: For a true Elder Scrolls FAN
game-hours: 31.3
review: Must Buy For ANYONE
game-hours: 726.5
review: One of my all time favorite games!
game-hours: 180.2
review: Skyrim is probably the best Elder Scrolls game I ever played!
game-hours: 11.7
review: AWSOME! amazing but dont have time to play it many time, but it is little boring in begining
game-hours: 92.7
review: had this on ps3 now i got it on my new pc build it looks fantastic. :)
game-hours: 81.7
review: 10/10. GET. IT. NNNNNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 64.3
review: Sehr good. Surprise vampirismus!
game-hours: 62.8
review: EPIC
game-hours: 61.9
review: In short. Best game ever!!
game-hours: 64.5
review: sik game
game-hours: 272.1
review: SKYRIM IS THE BEST GAME EVER MADE AND I WOULD VERY MUCH RECCOMEND IT TO ANYONE WHO IS ABOVE THE AGE OF 15. MY CAPS BUTTON IS BROKEN SO YEH. I WOULD MAKE SURE YOU PLAY THE DARK BROTHERHOOD QUEST LINE SINCE IT IS PROBABLY BETTER THAN THE MAIN CAMPAIGN. ACTUALLY ALL OF THE SIDE FACTION CAMPAIGNS ARE BETTER. IN FACT I WOULD HIGHLY SUGGEST PLAYING FALLOUT BEFORE HAND FOR SOME IDEAS INTO WHAT THE WORLD WILL BE LIKE IN A NUCLEAR AFTERMATH. SINCE SKYRIM IS 1000 YEARS BEFORE FALLOUT AND NEW YORK IS CYRODILL AND NEW VEGAS IS HAMMERFELL. THUS FALLOUT 4 WILL BE IN SAN FRANCISCO, SKYRIM. FALLOUT 4 CONFIRMED.
game-hours: 1850.8
review: Yes
game-hours: 326.6
review: I'd be hard pressed to find a person who calls themselves an RPG fan that doesn't absolutely love Skyrim. BUT TOREN, THE DEFAULT UI IS NOT GOOD. THE MOBS ARENT HARD ENOUGH, CRY CRY CRY. Mods. Holy mother of god, mods. There are SO MANY mods out there, you could probably play this game 50 times and have it be drastically different every time. Want harder dragons that cast spells and fight in packs? Mods. Want more crafting quests, gathering materials and smelting down your old weapons for new ones? Mods. Want much harder enemies? Totally redone magic tree? Completely New UI? Different Combat styles and custom weapons? Mods.
game-hours: 460.5
review: TESV: Skyrim is the 5th installation in the Elder Scrolls series of games. Pros: -Replayability: The amount of factions you can join or oppose, questlines and the like are so vast. Different playstyles grant both advantages and disadvantages, and the random encounters in the world cause nothing to be boring or dull. -Mod compatibility: The mod community for Skyrim is a myriad of different topics, from fixing small bugs, adding followers or even remodelling the game, like Skyrim Redone by T3nd0. -Open-world adventure: With many places to go and dungeons to explore, there will always be something to do in Skyrim. Cons: -Some areas feel like they're unfinished, like Windhelm. The arena would have polished the grim city off rather well, but Bethesda didn't implement it, unfortunately, although this leaves resources for mod authors to create their own renditions of the content. -Most characters have little or no unique dialogue, leading to randoms with no real purpose. -Capital cities are very empty, and have 20-35 citizens, rather oddly. Again, there are mods to fix this. -A lot of annoying bugs, some of which CAN be fixed in the console, opened with the tilde (`) key, above the tab button. Unofficial Skyrim patch helps out with these. Overall, a beautiful game, with a lot of feeling, although can feel desolate at times. Moddability is a massive plus with me, allowing for a more customised game experience. Rating: 7.3/10
game-hours: 88.3
review: Very immersive game. There is always something to do.
game-hours: 164.7
review: This game is a must play for RPG fans! Pro's: Big open world, Lots of missions, 100+ hours of gameplay, has a good storyline and tons of game history input from the older elder scrolls games. You can at anypoint do most of the missions in the world and they will scale the mission according to your level. Con's: People has been ing about the combat system. as for what i think of it, it works to the extend that it's enjoyable most of the times. Sometimes it becomes a bit repetitive. but that is all that can be said negatively about this game "imho". 10/10 Game
game-hours: 12.7
review: As long as Bethesda is gone keep their Horrible PC interfaces it will never be a good game. Oblivion, Fallout 3, this one... It's like they have all that awfull interface, is it so difficult to get a good interface on PC and not that stupid Console port? How many sales do they need to have finally a playable interface like most real RPGs on PC. Give us a kind of MMORPG interface. Guild Wars 2 for example... RPG's are played with mouses not pads! Lucky for me I have a G11 and G602 to be able to macro a lot of buttons. The combat is slightly better then Oblivion with finishing moves added. I really enjoy the dungeons but get annoyed by the towns. Some little adds are nice like finding treasure maps and more. Auto Level Scaling is still the major problem for me but is less obvious then In Oblivion. Anyway the game needs to be modded, without mods I would never recommend this game, but lucky for us there are so many good people around that do the work for Bethesda to make the game a bit more enjoyable, but even now I find it still a bit early, this game will probably perfect in about 2 years, I hated Oblivion at start and loved it 3-4 years later with 50 mods installed. DLC's are a bit better then Oblivion where we had stupid things like Mage Tower and other crap. 5/10 standard 8/10 with many mods and many hours to install them...
game-hours: 104.9
review: j
game-hours: 748.8
review: This game is slowly eating away at the hours of my life 10/10.
game-hours: 9.7
review: 10/10 very dragon
game-hours: 97.6
review: Great game
game-hours: 160.6
review: One of the most epic quests you can ever embark on. There is a reason why this game get such great reviews. Even when played un-moded this game delivers on all fronts. Prepare to lose many hours to this game if you've never tried it.
game-hours: 36.6
review: Brilliant Game, If you havent heard already Skyrim and the full TES Saga are something to get lost in i have had this before on console and have been a long term Elder scrolls fan and i would highly recomend this to anyone looking to experiance a great RPG that they can lose hours of fun with! 10/10
game-hours: 122.0
review: Super fun...
game-hours: 100.5
review: A time killer .. and a great story
game-hours: 259.4
review: Do I really need to explain why this is amazing?
game-hours: 79.7
review: Pretty awesome game. You can be any class you want and there are hundreds of mods to make the game playable the way you want it to be. Also, the numerous quests and storylines are one of the best things about this game.
game-hours: 114.6
review: A solid RPG with some hic-ups. That is if you don't want to mod it, if you do it will become a great experience consuming hours and hours of your time without you even noticing.
game-hours: 149.2
review: Freaking Epic!! Loving this xD
game-hours: 117.9
review: Skyrim is like an old friend that you keep coming back to visit. There always seems to be something left to do in this game, which makes it particularly challenging for a completionist like me. Even after long breaks without playing, its massive world, great graphics and sandbox play-style always offer up an enticing allure to accomplish something new. It's not perfect, but I've thoroughly enjoyed every minute spent playing it and will continue to enjoy it in the future. I can see Skyrim being a game to come back to in the years to come - much like Oblivion and Morrowind.
game-hours: 78.6
review: awesome :P
game-hours: 267.1
review: ken cool
game-hours: 190.2
review: Who doesn't like Skyrim? Its graphics are outstanding, and its gameplay is pretty good. Its storyline is not as good as Oblivion's though.. but I still prefer Skyrim. With the kinds of mods out there, this game can be taken to the next generation of gaming. So uh yeah. 9.8/10
game-hours: 87.3
review: This is what I consider to be the premier sandbox RPG game. Play the way you want, finish the main quest if you like and the game doesn't stand in the way. It is only in the beginning that everyone must do the same thing... Beyond that, Skyrim is yours to do with as you please. As a fan of the Ultima series, it is great to be able to play a game like this.
game-hours: 204.9
review: Just one word....Epic!
game-hours: 56.6
review: Lazy Developers: The Game unredeemable, even with mods.
game-hours: 217.6
review: yesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyes Amazing game.
game-hours: 151.3
review: What is Skyrim? Well, some say it's a game made by Bethesda as another installment in the Elder Scrolls series, but is it really? First of, let's define aberration: An aberration is something that deviates from the normal way. So in lieu of calling this game another installment in the series, let's say this is an aberration. This aberration of a game brings us idyllic, serene landscapes( with the addition of mods) that make the game so riveting and immersive, especially with the perfect equipoise of dialogue and character development. The Elder Scrolls V offers a extensive open-world map with monumental to non-imposing cities, villages, towns, farming huts and intimidating caves, mines, crevices, dungeons and forts that offer adversity while maintaining the perfect balance of immersion and simplicity. From edifices to primitive dwellings comes a myriad of immersive characters, animals, creatures, patrols, travellers and a cult to offer the player a great deal of convivial entertainment. The story itself, can make players really engange in their decisions because of the level of entrancing dialogue, visuals, continuity and the preeminent factor of overall interaction with the full use of the open world map. Lastly, the inclusion of mods really augments the experience of Skyrim i.e, Graphical Mods, ENB's, environmental mods, texture mods, gameplay mods, immersive mods and a plethora of more categories. ENB's are graphical mods that enhance the use of lighting and shadows to add an aesthetic value to the game. Environmental mods can alter alot of things including: grass, tree's, water, establishments and a multitude of other things. Texture mods change the landscape, character models, animals and basically any texture. So, in conclusion, this game has a myriad of varied factors listed above to make this game in my top 5 favourite games of all time. A superfluity of mods can really alter the experience in a positive and negative depending on the discovering of "good" mods. Dialoge, characters, environment and immersion are really the paramount factors that made this game one of my favourites. I recommend this game to anyone and everyone, including non-rpg advocates. 9.9/10( IGN). Just kidding. 10/10.
game-hours: 646.6
review: The Elder Scrolls keeps getting better and better, and it's no different here.
game-hours: 65.9
review: If you don't have this game... buy it If you do have this game... why are you reading this?
game-hours: 287.6
review: AWESOME
game-hours: 319.0
review: gr8 game
game-hours: 43.5
review: way better than Oblivion!
game-hours: 204.6
review: It delivers. I recommend getting some of the texture packs though. Remember, this game was made for consoles; so the graphics are "console-grade". Oh, and by the way. ...One does not simple do the Main Quest in Skyrim.
game-hours: 53.4
review: Great graphics and story line is amazing.
game-hours: 455.9
review: I cannot say enough aboutr this game, I love it! Love the graphic, love the improved character skins... love the expansions. It is full of awesome sauce.
game-hours: 181.5
review: This game is amazing with mods. Make sure to double check skyrim nexus page instead of the steam workshop page as much better and larger mods can be found there.
game-hours: 183.0
review: this is a awsome game great graphics and the story line is wonderfull it has been a blast playing
game-hours: 87.4
review: Very easy to lose yourself in Skyrim, in a good way! An beautiful, immersive world with endless things to do, especially if you download some mods.
game-hours: 171.0
review: It's a shame that almost nobody has played this little-known gem. Allthough you've probably never heard of "The Elder Scrolls", I really recommend you give it a chance. Great game.
game-hours: 16.9
review: Love this game!
game-hours: 75.5
review: Skyrim is a great game overall. It has a lot of terrian to explore as well as a crap ton of side quest that you can do, instead of the main storyline. The graphics look good, as far as I can tell (My graphics card only lets me put it on medium so...) The main storyline keeps you hooked for as long as you can go. I highly recommend trying out Skyrim, It is as great continuation of the Elder Scrolls series.
game-hours: 469.4
review: Just buy it and don't question it.
game-hours: 140.0
review: Okay let me start off with this game by saying if you haven't played it....play it. It is by far one of the best open world RPG games you can play during the modern era of gaming. If you want a RPG game that is full of things to do and places to explore than this a great game for you. The game is so full of places to explore, but there is always a catch. This game is nothing compared to Oblivion on the quest. This game is a joke compared to the quest that you can do in Oblivion. The quest's in this game is basically just go into this cave and pick up the item and bring it back to the person. That is it. That is the game, but it is still fun. I cannot explain the joy this game brings visually and mechanically. The fact that the quest are a joke makes this game a joke though. The quest are short and simple. If you are a hardcore RPG gamer than buy Oblivion or Morrowind. You cannot beat the graphics and mechanics of Skyrim. This game is worth a 60 dollar tag. If you find it on sale....pick it up.
game-hours: 211.3
review: This is the most epic, sci-fi, strategey, first person shooter, simulation, movie I've ever listened to. A solid 46.3485100001 out of 46.3485100001.
game-hours: 151.0
review: Skyrim has everything you expect from it. The only complaint may be the occasional bug. If you find a bug or something you don't like the PC version takes the upper hand because of how easy it is to mod a game via the Steam Workshop. I recomend buying this game for the PC.
game-hours: 126.0
review: great game
game-hours: 136.9
review: This is, out of all the Edler Scroll games, the best.
game-hours: 22.7
review: Best RPG to date
game-hours: 141.0
review: play this GAME and become a Dragonborn today
game-hours: 156.8
review: epic game
game-hours: 51.1
review: * Visuals - One of the prettiest, if not the prettiest game I have played. I like how the environment varies from location to location. One area can be a sunny flat forest while the next can be snowy rugged mountain range. * Cities - There isn't a grand city like Vivec or Imperial City, but I do like how certain elements in the city is associated with interesting lore. Each city has a timely feel. People actually do things and follow a unique schedule. * RPG Elements - Like its processors, you level up by doing things. One of the biggest drawbacks to this game is the loss of the six attributes. Everything is combined into three attributes: health, magicka, and stamina. Those three are tied with the other missing attributes that determines how much weight you can carry, how fast you can walk, etc. * Combat - The combat is very balanced. Destruction spells + one hand weapon, restoration spells + one hand weapon, one hand weapon + shield, archery, and two handed weapons are all equally viable combined with either light, mage, or heavy armor. The combination of builds are endless. The combat itself feels more real and immersive than the previous two games. * Quests - Is a big hit or miss in Skyrim. I would avoid most Misc quests unless you like repetitive procedurally generated quests. The main quests and all of the guild quests (with the exception of the mages) are decent. Unfortunately, most of the quests will boil down to this: "go to a cave and kill someone or get something". That being said, the dungeons and caves are not nearly as boring as Oblivion or Morrowind. * Story - Still have that cheesy charm. The dialog can use a lot of work. I understand that crafting a dialog system that covers everything next to impossible, but there are a few major things that I feel can be easily fixed. Aside from the dialog, the main quest story line is very good. Dark Brotherhood and thieves guild storyline (minus the nocturnal ) is worth noting. The other two guilds on the other hand is cringeworthy. The biggest highlight, in regards to story, is the lore and history you gain by reading books, engaging in conversation, or even completing side quests. I highly recommend if you: 1. Enjoy RPGs with minimal micro management. 2. Love visually pleasing games 3. Think Lore is important to you
game-hours: 388.4
review: You already have this game dont you?
game-hours: 83.7
review: An Epic Adventure probably the most awesome game on steam buy it now if you have a brain it's pure epic
game-hours: 64.9
review: good
game-hours: 70.3
review: IT'S THE BEST GAME EVER !!!!!!1111(oneoneone)
game-hours: 64.6
review: Best Game Ever. Can't await to play the online version
game-hours: 88.3
review: It took me two years and much convincing to buy Skyrim. To give context, let me explain why I was so wary. At the insistence of both friends and online review, I picked up a copy of oblivion years ago. I played it for slightly over an hour and was completely uninterested. I've never been able to enjoy an MMOrpg, and lost my taste for FPS games about ten years ago. Basically, all my experience told me that Skyrim was going to be another huge and boring game that got a lot of acclaim but let me desiring something to get attached to. Luckily for me, it did just that. Skyrim's draw for me lay in it's polish, and the depth and extent of it's vision. I've spent 20 minutes looking at the aurora Boryalis. I spend time actually listening to the dialog instead of button mashing to get the quest, and I'm constantly blown away with where the story, and the environment of the game take me. It's gameplay is solid, yet there isn't some interesting feature that marks it as special, besides maybe the vastness of it. The three varying paths of mage, rogue and warrior offer a plethora of fighting styles and tricks that have kept me engaged while I further along the plot arcs. It's satisfying to sneak through a dungeon never being seen, only to place arrows in the backs of every foe's head. Similarly, rounding up all the baddies to be dispatched by a bombardment of fireballs is satisfying in a totally different way. But the entire time I'm doing that, I know it will get me one step closer to finding that scroll, learning that new word of power, or getting that huge chest of loot at the end of the tunnel. Skyrim is a beautiful game that has taken the beauty of storytelling and let you immerse yourself as an adventurer in a fantasical, beautiful, and fully realized world. If you are looking to get lost in a story, or tame a dragon, I think you've found the right game to do it.
game-hours: 22.4
review: Very game. Much enjoy. Wow.
game-hours: 225.8
review: Buy this and kiss goodbye to the next month of your life.
game-hours: 123.4
review: The most amazing game ive ever played. With many interesting quests and even random events that lead to quests that lead to another its ENDLESS FUN. With many places to be discovered with many enemies along the way to kill. Also the DLC's are very cool adding even more quests and just stuff!
game-hours: 123.1
review: Excellent RPG. Enormous game world. Too much to see and do! Must...return...to...quests... The game world is so detailed and expansive. You can spend hours just wandering around exploring the random landscape and encounters before you even set foot on the main quest. Loving the game so far. Can't wait for the DLC or expansions. If you liked Oblivion or Morrowind, you will love Skyrim. It takes the best of the previous two games and melds them into a wonderful new gaming experience. Two thumbs up.
game-hours: 229.8
review: GOOD GAME!
game-hours: 261.4
review: Melhore jogo que ja joguei na minha vida, no jogo s pra zerar, mas tambm pra admirar o mapa lindo do jogo, as msicas, os personagens. Compre...  s o que eu te digo!!
game-hours: 177.6
review: There is so much to see and do in this game. I have played it for 100 or so hours so far just randomly advenuring through Skyrim and will more than likely play it for another 100, probably more. Couldn't recommend it enough. :)
game-hours: 250.9
review: This game + mods = best game EVER. A truely unique experience.
game-hours: 143.5
review: This game is one of the best games i have played all year!!! The action is everywhere. The battles happen all the time. And on top of all of that there is hundereds of thousands of hours of gameplay!!! 10/10
game-hours: 34.7
review: I previously had this game on xbox but it glitched out and i got bored cause the DLC didnt work on there so i got it again on here so much better u get mods,commands,new types of armor,and better weapons. Also the graphics are like 10x xbox its insane only if u have a good pc though Peace :health:
game-hours: 569.2
review: Amazing!!!
game-hours: 160.2
review: You've read the reviews, now ditch those excuses: Get this game & experience it for yourself.
game-hours: 389.4
review: It's like Skyrim, with Skyrim.
game-hours: 52.7
review: 10/10 With my personal Daft Tron Seal of Awesome, that means that playing this game has changed the way I play games, has gotten me addicted instantly, and has made me dream about it. Pros -Its Skyrim. One of the best games of this generation. Cons -To fully expierience this game I do recommend a controller of some kind. (Xbox, Playstation, or similar Joypad) -Can glitch out occaisionaly.
game-hours: 159.7
review: What can I say, THIS GAME IS ING AWESOME!
game-hours: 212.2
review: I love this game. Only played a few hours on the PC so far but have it on the Xbox and have played a few days! I can't believe there is so much in 6.8GB, a must for everyone
game-hours: 92.3
review: After two years this is still an awesome game. Especially with all the mods that make it almost a new game. I played it on the PS3 but picked it up on the PC since it was on sale and added a bunch of mods, and it's great. If you like open world exploration you'll love it. If you're not big into exploring and discovering you'll prolly find it boring. But overall it's an awesome game.
game-hours: 189.1
review: Fun RPG. Have spent a lot of time playing. Even if the story isnt the most engaging i've ever played, the world itself is extremely broad. As its a Bethesda game, there are always a few bugs lurking about, but the various mods around the area should be able to fix that easily. Would definately reccomend.
game-hours: 47.7
review: One of the best games I have ever played. Everything in this game is so perfect and you get lost in the world.
game-hours: 124.8
review: The best game!!!!
game-hours: 81.3
review: Such a good game, it has always something new, specially with the mods :D
game-hours: 8.0
review: Pure Yes
game-hours: 179.8
review: Must have. The game itself is another piece of art in TES series, and there is nothing that can't be changed with the mods! There is a whole OCEAN of different modifications, unofficial patches and so on. Buy this game.
game-hours: 53.7
review: This game ruined me...buy it!!
game-hours: 74.5
review: Masterpiece!
game-hours: 429.1
review: This game is....... AWESOME!!!
game-hours: 45.5
review: I absolutely love the modding community of this game. Even if you dont like TES games or RPGs in general its worth the money just for the incredible amount of mods that can completely change your personal experience with the game. Also skyrims kinda good.
game-hours: 1611.1
review: This game offers endless hours of adventure and entertainment whether one wants to follow the story-line quest paths or just roam the continent making discoveries and doing quests that doesn't lead to the end of the game. There are several races and classes to utilize while creating your character as well as customizing options for the character's appearance. The player made content, mods, available in the Steam Workshop really adds fresh appeal and excitement for the game. With these mods the game and character's appearance can be changed, there is new clothing, armor and weapon options, new spell options, player houses, and so much more. The player has the ability to alter the game play to suit their needs and desires to achieve the best gaming experiences for them. The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a great game! When combining the features of Skyrim with the player made mods it makes game play exceptional and easy to recommend this game to others.
game-hours: 97.0
review: so much fun, you can basically do whatever you want and there is tons of hours to play
game-hours: 436.3
review: already quite old game but still LOADS of fun and the steam workshop makes you to keep on loving the game even after you did nearly all the quests (wich take over 100 hours to do though - Vanilla mode) xD all in all this is quite a masterpiece by Bethesda (ofc it's still bethesda so don't get too down over some bugs and glitches). although the DLC's might be pretty pricey, they contain LOADS of content worth every penny of the price.
game-hours: 909.0
review: gg
game-hours: 363.3
review: Would highly suggest this game to anybody not sure about buying it.
game-hours: 39.0
review: Definitely one of the best game of all time.
game-hours: 11.5
review: Dragons and arrows
game-hours: 4.5
review: Gonna play it to believe it. Awesome stuff.
game-hours: 106.6
review: this is a good game coz got lots of stuff aaaaand all da dwangons aaaaand the fire aaaaand da cats aaaand the fire aaaaand da cool things when you kill dwangons aaaand the fire monstaas and there lots of fire :) fire out of fire :D
game-hours: 17.4
review: It's Skyrim. There's nothing I could say here that would even come close to painting an image of how much I love this game.
game-hours: 134.4
review: 100+ hours and as far as the main story i still have no idea what happens at the end there is just sooooo much other stuff to do that is awesome.
game-hours: 110.9
review: is rly good. u shuld ply.
game-hours: 54.0
review: Great game! 10/10
game-hours: 54.0
review: Time spent in skyrim 80% In a stupidly long dungeon 10%walking 5% getting some random  for a side quest which is rendered useless 4%Doing some kind of exploit 1%dieing
game-hours: 125.8
review: Yeah, you need to play this. Dragons, Magic, Giants, Spiders and a giant skill tree for every taste. You need to play this.
game-hours: 4.6
review: Best game ever created by Bethesda. Along with the multitude of mods you can get from the wonderful Steam community, this game has a very long playability to it.
game-hours: 208.9
review: 200 Hours of my life gone.....
game-hours: 166.1
review: Love this game, by far one of my favorites!
game-hours: 46.2
review: Great game!
game-hours: 441.0
review: 335 hours on record. Need I say more?
game-hours: 331.7
review: One of my favorite games, its a great choice if you like rpgs and games with lots of content.
game-hours: 690.4
review: This game rocks
game-hours: 329.5
review: Easily the most-polished single player RPG I've ever played. The quest lines, main and side, all were engrossing and the game well balanced. I'd recommend this game to anyone looking to have fun for the next few hundred hours while gaming.
game-hours: 318.1
review: THE BEST OF THE BEST.
game-hours: 636.6
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is the pinnacle of the Elder Scrolls franchise, although it has a few bugs, it has many quests, features and a vast modding community to keep you entertained!
game-hours: 82.8
review: the most fun. i waste my whole life playing this game
game-hours: 132.9
review: Great game. I've already spent a good 80+ hours on it and I've barely scratched the surface. Lots of exploring to be done, lots of quests to be quested, lots of epic times to be had.
game-hours: 189.0
review: Nice game
game-hours: 52.7
review: After much traveling in the land of skyrim, i must say i had a great time with the story, characters and awesome mods. Sadly i must retire to the imperial city for i can be an adventurer no longer, because of this arrow in my knee. :) Elderscrollsonline 2014!
game-hours: 36.6
review: Best game 2013
game-hours: 8.8
review: Such an amazing open world game! I love these RPG's by Bethesda, as it allows you to choose many paths and options in the world! Best game of all time in my opinion!
game-hours: 56.5
review: As close to perfect as possible. An enormous game world with countless quests and great graphics to bring it to life. Worth the wait and any asking price. 10/10
game-hours: 1749.8
review: There aren't really that many games out there where you can focus almost entirely on stealing cheese and storing it in your bedroom. Skyrim fills this role relatively well; there are a few different types of cheeses available (Eidar being my personal favourite), and the graphics do look pretty delicious. Thanks to the game physics, you can actually commit a suicide by running around in a cheese filled room and slowly dying of cheese impact damage. Unfortunately there's no achievement for that.
game-hours: 122.8
review: One of my favorite games to date. You can literally play this game for months and not complete everything. You make make the game completely unique to how you want to play. Got a little easy as you became more advanced and crafted higher items, making the fights a little less challenging. However the stories were always interesting and just the fact that I could make the game my own kept me coming. So many little secret areas and things to find. TONS of side quests. Amazing graphics. Completely recommend.
game-hours: 46.3
review: skyrim
game-hours: 328.0
review: best game ever made so far frome bethesda.
game-hours: 229.4
review: Um.... buy this...
game-hours: 220.4
review: Actions speak louder than words they say - well, at least that's what delved into the minds of bethesda's designers when skyrim was conceived. Skyrim shamelessly takes the cinematic goodies from theaters and crushes it into a mix with highly interactive gameplay and, like every good mix of elements, explodes brilliantly but leaves something valuable behind. Climb a mountain, kill a dragon, steal a sweetroll, raise zombies, everything splashes and rumbles like a great parade. Boredom is blasphemy in Skyrim. A cent for each fun popcorn greased, action filled cinematic moment would cumulate into enough wealth for buying out Microsoft just for the sake of comparison. Skyrim finally moved into her own and makes no apologies about it. Let's face it, TES is no longer in the D&D generation. Skyrim set out to the original TES ambition of a free roaming action RPG but made no compromises with her older siblings. You set out to do something and the world doesn't hold you back, right? Well, that idea doesn't only apply to the gameplay but the evolution of TES-series in general. It had it coming for sure but the foundation was already laid back in the days. So what is wrong with Skyrim? Well this question cries out a bit of precision: There is a more-or-less fine line between failure and the burden of choice. You can't pull a lever to both sides at once; you set out to erase the D&D scheme - you strip off the attributes. Well, tough. A failure, however, means not exceeding the set goal. So, for the most part, the criticism I've seen about Skyrim incline towards the former because Skyrim was great about the things it set out to accomplish and, to be fair, it set out to do a lot. Where Morrowind succeeded as a good book, Skyrim succeeded as a good movie. Movies made out of vast worlds tend to be spread thin in raw content but the experience is ever more vibrant and lively than the written counterpart. Despite that, Skyrim doesn't leave you cold in the sheer amount of awesome things to explore and experience, it's stuffed! As books are not as big part of the zeitgeist anymore, the issue people take in Skyrim is usually more about the taste of the average player rather than the match of vision and craft of the developers. It's evident that whatever category Skyrim assumed for itself, it gave one hell of a shock, not only, to the rivals in its respective field, but the ones outside of its assumed borders. Coincidently, Skyrim may have dealt the critical strike to the dragon phenomenon in videogame industry for a temporary demise. But for the time being: Get ready for the copycats.
game-hours: 323.9
review: Play this game mmmmmkay
game-hours: 66.5
review: PURE.AWESOMENESS.
game-hours: 38.0
review: If you have never heard of this game, I hate to say you live under a rock. This game may sound a bit cheesy if its your very first time, but this is the farest from it. This game has the most detail of any game I have ever player. If you have played any open world game you will notice they have detail. This game redifines detail. There are thousands of hours worth of gameplay. So basically you will never ever beat this game. There is also LOADS of customization to choose from. Instead of being just human you can be loads of different other races aswell. not only that but you can choose how high your nose is, how forward your mouth is, and how big your eyes are. 100/10 The requirements are little for your pc so that is good. I have a $350 laptop and it runs extreamly smooth, although you may need to change the detail setting in the first menu you get to. But thats only if you have a bad/cheap computer. But if you do have a good/GREAT computer your in for a real treat. The graphics are amazing especially with the graphics dlc THAT YOU GET FOR FREE. On top of all this YOU GET MODS! So in a nutshell this is your dream game. As for why its rated M (if your a younger kid like me) there is only PG rated language, No innapropreate things, but if your a girl naked it will show you in a bikini and guy naked show like tarzan underwear. The only thing it is really rated M for as far as I know of is the VIOLENCE and BLOOD. What do I have to say about this. There is a lot of it. although there is a way to counter it. Just use magic and you should be good. And about being naked as a man/woman I found a mod that can make you have clothes on under it for the little ones. Thats basically it. I hope this helped. :)
game-hours: 113.9
review: Most of the way through my first playthrough and I love it. Already looking at some of the fantastic mods available to customize my second playthrough, which will probably start straight after the first.
game-hours: 235.4
review: Why didn't I buy this game earlier?
game-hours: 81.2
review: One of the most fun RPG's I've played ever, make sure you have alot of time on your hands since you probably will play this for several hours in a row.
game-hours: 599.5
review: Love this game wiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii. :)
game-hours: 292.7
review: Simple: Buy it.
game-hours: 167.3
review: Fun game, realy addictive and good story line. It's a MUST BUY!!!!!!
game-hours: 286.2
review: This game is beast. It is so beast that other beastly games bow their heads in shame of not being this beastly. It is so beastly, that there are no such words able to describe its amazing awesomeness of glory. This game is open world, and its tecnically endless!
game-hours: 37.4
review: This game is great, I have over 100 hours on xbox. I found this on sale so i got it. Anyways, the world is vast and intreaguing, and it is nearly impossible to complete the whole thing. I highly recommend this game to anybody. Unless your a ing  and hate good games. Or if you're a .
game-hours: 417.4
review: So many of you know me as a hardcore gamer and I am. I have played numerous games over a period of 25 years and I can tell you that this game is easily in the top 3. Skyrim is a masterpiece that has easily 200 hours of content. Basically, it is a single player MMO.
game-hours: 249.3
review: Do I even need to recommend this?
game-hours: 198.2
review: This is easily in my all-time, top 10 games. Incredible detail, a ridiculous amount of variation, and enough quests to keep you busy for hundreds of hours.
game-hours: 77.3
review: Awesome game! The DLC is way overpriced though. :|
game-hours: 182.3
review: Epic game. Graphics are amazing and the storyline is incredible. There are a few glitches but can be fixed with mods. Without mods 9/10 with mods 10/10. :D (For Steam Badge :3 )
game-hours: 41.1
review: I think like 10% of the hours I have racked on here actually relate to the main quest and thes rest are me falling off cliffs and killing people I shouldn't be killing. Just buy this game... already it owns.
game-hours: 8.8
review: I think this game is awesome, loved it on 360, enjoying the pc version better.
game-hours: 132.7
review: i definetley recommend this game to anyone who loves the fantasy and adventure genre. Skyrim is more than addicting, its AMAZING
game-hours: 118.8
review: A great game, a lot of time and effort was put into every detail and it's probably the best elder scroll yet. Can't wait for the new one!!
game-hours: 4.4
review: HELL YES
game-hours: 39.6
review: I never was a fan of the Elder Scrolls games in the past. I was never attracted to them, I guess. But Skyrim is different. It's in a world of it's own, literally. Fluid gameplay, in-depth quests and side stories, and hours of content to enjoy. One of my best purchases since hopping on Steam.
game-hours: 34.1
review: Awesome game! I deeply recommend it to anyone!
game-hours: 39.5
review: fus. ro. DAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
game-hours: 49.6
review: Amazing RPG, admittedly simple compared to Oblivion and previous titles in the ES series however still a fantastic single player experience!
game-hours: 20.3
review: Best RPG game since Oblivion. 10/10 would bang
game-hours: 26.4
review: so damn fu##ing worth every penny
game-hours: 23.5
review: VEry GooD
game-hours: 152.2
review: Needs a Yu-Gi-Oh crossover but otherwise it's alright
game-hours: 119.0
review: dont kill the chicken
game-hours: 164.5
review: I still freaking love this game, it's great all around.
game-hours: 82.0
review: Absolutly amazing game, best value for your money,. 9/10
game-hours: 1098.1
review: Though it has a lot of bugs, I still love this game.
game-hours: 43.4
review: The game is incredible
game-hours: 71.7
review: Im still trying to reach the credits.
game-hours: 51.8
review: Loving it so far!
game-hours: 0.3
review: liked
game-hours: 52.3
review: You can learn the art of wabbajack!!
game-hours: 28.0
review: One of the best RPG of this generation!!!
game-hours: 45.4
review: It's Skyrim, what more do you want from me?
game-hours: 213.8
review: i have come to the conclusion that this game is freakn dope
game-hours: 5.9
review: Lot of qests and amazing word 2 explore
game-hours: 68.5
review: Wonderful graphics and an in depth storyline, I love this game.
game-hours: 565.8
review: No matter how long you play it you always see new things 100/10 BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 185.6
review: It's IN Skyrim!
game-hours: 10.3
review: Amazing... I know this game was released a fwe years ago but i don't think it's too late. The AI (guards villagers etc.) are extremely reactive and tough. Combat is just stunnuing and the realistic graphocs... oh dem graphics. I would reccomend you buying this game if you are into fantasy games BUT it there is one downside: THE LARGE MAP!!! The map is HUGE it takes hours to cross it and some of the quests require it. BUY THIS GAME!!!!!!
game-hours: 30.7
review: Headbutted a ghost 10/10 3spooky5me
game-hours: 111.1
review: 10/10 I hated this game soo much till i played it more then 15 mins. How could i be such a neck beard i am ashamed.
game-hours: 38.7
review: me what a great game. a must have. one of the greatest games atm 10/10
game-hours: 263.1
review: Love this game :)
game-hours: 31.2
review: Friend told me to put "caqs" in commands and i got 100% achevements 10/10
game-hours: 73.7
review: It's ing Elder Scrolls. Did I really need to review it? No.
game-hours: 217.6
review: Good game, but even better with mods. 9/10
game-hours: 309.0
review: One of my all-time favorites!
game-hours: 474.6
review: The greatest game ever made by MAN!
game-hours: 109.9
review: Goodgamegoodgamegoodgame very buy verygood such graphics suchmods very bargain !
game-hours: 193.0
review: the main quest felt way too urgent, the sidequests took me out of the urgency of the main quest, i found myself not getting immirsed in the game bcause of those two factors. other than that its really good. i still like oblivion the most
game-hours: 32.9
review: There's no game that goes to the same lengths to create a world than Skyrim. It really sells you on it's world, from the fantastic graphics to the true sense that this world would get on just fine without you poking around. My only criticisms is the interface is poor on PC and being a mage can feel like half your fight is with the menus and also there never seems to be any lasting effect of your escapades. People respond to you in similar ways at the beginning as when you are a champion.
game-hours: 347.7
review: is fun
game-hours: 124.3
review: A huge, expertly crafted and insanely detailed fantasy adventure with literally hundreds of hours of gameplay and that's without even touching the main quest line. An excellent modding community also helps to build on what is already a great game. 10/10.
game-hours: 76.4
review: Wonderful game, excellent replayability, and the various mods give you a lot of options for changing your gaming experience.
game-hours: 298.8
review: My most favorite game ever. Get it. Get it. Get it. Get it. No excuses, 11/10 must have totally worth it
game-hours: 73.3
review: DLC's are the best! so someone need to buy them for me, thanks!
game-hours: 76.4
review: Epic game that you can play for countless hours.
game-hours: 38.5
review: Game is freaking great, the graphics are very well done, the gameplay and content is beyond belief, and to add on to it, Dawnguard and Dragonborn expansions are unbelieveable, the story line is just great. Well done Bethesda, and I tip my hat to all the mod creators on the workshop for this great fantasty medival game. But I give extra 10/10 to Valve for creating Steam and the community it has. Bethesda and Valve: Beyond 10/10, Can't thank you enough for the games you guys create and the experiences we have with them. A Steam User- Murtagh
game-hours: 102.9
review: FUS RO DAH!
game-hours: 316.8
review: awesome game, really immersive. Can get buggy at times, and there's the occasional spot where you can get stuck in the terrain.... but overall love it and one of my favorite rpgs.
game-hours: 900.7
review: A fantasy world based game that can lead you straight into anti-socialized life. BUY IT !!!
game-hours: 113.8
review: This is one darn okay game
game-hours: 1465.8
review: Skyrim is the fifth installment in the Elder Scrolls main series, and third that I have played extensively. There are some definite improvements in this game over previous Elder Scrolls titles, and there are some drawbacks. The combat system exemplifies this; while the actual use of weapons is an improvement over Morrowind, the skilling up of weapons is greatly oversimplified over even Oblivion, which itself is simplified over Morrowind. There are more weapon skill types in Morrowind than there are all skills combined in Skyrim. The stat system suffers from this simplification as well. On the plus side, Skyrim's story and graphics are on par with what one should expect from an Elder Scrolls title, even if the final battle may seem anticlimactic to some. The character animations are far superior to those from Morrowind, as well.
game-hours: 85.8
review: This game is very amazing. The controls took me a little while to get used to, and there was a bit of a learning curve on playing, but it was worth it. It's so difficult to put down! I have to go somewhere? Ok, just after I turn this in. While turning in, I get 3 more quests to do... so ... just 1 more quest, then I'll go! The game plays very smoothly, storyline is amazing, and it is never-ending.
game-hours: 19.4
review: I love you
game-hours: 67.5
review: this open world game is awsome
game-hours: 58.0
review: With workshop intergration, and the skyrim nexus, skyrim is one of the most replayable games you can purchase on steam. Although there can be bugs and glitches from time to time, this game for the most part plays perfectly. With the added HD textures DLC, plus other graphical inhancer mods, this game is beautiful. Many quests to choose from, some of the quest lines do feel rushed out or as some would call it "filler", but for the most part that game has some very intresting quests... I wouldn't call skyrim my favorite game of all time, but it's up there, definantly in my top 10...
game-hours: 47.3
review: The adventures in Elder Scrolls V are as good as it gets. They've done a truly remarkable job in making a beautiful world where you just want to see what lies around the next river bend or hilltop. Skyrim has set the benchmark for graphic excellence in gaming. Looking forward to see what they can do with this type of game when they add a more positive script to it!
game-hours: 61.0
review: wow. much game. very good. much buy
game-hours: 435.2
review: One of the best games I've ever played. Beautiful open world to explore and incredible replayability.
game-hours: 303.9
review: i greatly enjoyed the game and its has amazing replay value because of the modding community
game-hours: 1.8
review: this game though. the best fps fighter ive ever played
game-hours: 122.8
review: Decent game on it's own, Not as good as Morrowind or Oblivion but definitely an enjoyable game. Probably get around 10-15 hours out of the game without mods.
game-hours: 293.0
review: Epic game. Outstanding gameplay and graphics, intuitive controls, and one of the best leveling systems I've come across. Also has very high replay value, especially with the Workshop and mods.
game-hours: 178.6
review: Great game with many, many hours of game play
game-hours: 45.6
review: Really great game, lots of customisation and options and really good fun. DLC is awesome too. Would really recommend!
game-hours: 66.3
review: its epic. it worths triple its money
game-hours: 95.9
review: This is probably one of the most epic games ever created! It keeps you entertained for hours on end with multiple quests that you can complete or just random running around.
game-hours: 315.8
review: Very exciting game once you start off, but unfortuately you realise the simplicity and lack of depth as you play more and more. Combat is hack and slash, many quests are cloned 'fetch' or 'complete this dungeon' quests, and dungeons lack true diversity because there are so many. Paraphrasing TotalBiscuit, the game is the size of an ocean with the depth of a paddling pool. It is a shame because the game has potential. Mods can definitely improve your experience if you're willing to experiment but it can take time to compile a list and install them for your perfect experience. I've been wanting to do this for a while. Although my review appears negative, Skyrim will provide you with many hours of enjoyment before it gets repetitive even without mods, so I do recommend it.
game-hours: 8.4
review: its fun. play it.
game-hours: 13.9
review: This game is all out fun and adventourous. I reccomend this game to all players looking for mmo-rpgs!!
game-hours: 155.2
review: Helt fantastisk RPG, men absolutt ikke spill spillet om du lider av OCD p  fullfre quests...
game-hours: 6.7
review: Very fun game with hours of enjoyment and exploration!
game-hours: 50.6
review: An absolute masterpiece ......Unbelievable!!
game-hours: 42.3
review: DEN OUTTA DEN, GAEM A DA YEA, LIKE SKYRIM WIT EXTRA SKYRIM, -IGN
game-hours: 127.2
review: Another addition to the Elder Scrolls, Skyrim had my hopes up for a great sequel to the other games. Having been fond of Morrowind and Oblivion, I had preordered Skyrim the moment I could afford too. Only to find out that Skyrim is so graphic heavy that if your computer doesn't have top of the line hardware your going to run into issues. My Radeon HD4800 can't handle Skyrim and I crash to desktop almost religiously near any town, to the point that I am no longer playing Skyrim because of the fustration. I recommend Skyrim ONLY if your computer can actually handle it. Even the minimal requirements to run the game does not guarentee that it will actually work. I'll return to playing Skyrim once I've forked over a bit of money and time to upgrade my computer to at least 'decent' standards.
game-hours: 53.9
review: Everybody loves the skyrim!
game-hours: 8.4
review: This game is absolutely AMAZING. BUNCHA DRAGONS (YO), BUNCHA STORY QUESTS (YO!), HOT BABES AND HOT GUYS (YOOOO!) AND JUST A LOT OF FRIGGIN' CRAP YOU CAN DO (YOOOOOOOOO!) 10/10 would buy this game 30 times, GO PLAY IT. TOO OP, TOO FUN.
game-hours: 169.5
review: Rome 2 was supposed to be the strategic game of the year. The hype was big, the game itself sold more preorder copies than any other game of the franchise. The problem is the bigger promises you make the bigger the expectations will be. They promised us mountains and delivered a little hill with a sheep on top (dont get me wrong it was a nice fluffy sheep). Rome 2 has a huge map and gives you the ability to play with several playable factions. They can be divided into the following categories: Roman, Greek, Barbaric and Eastern. Each faction has it own unit, but tribes of the same category have similar units. There are three ways to win the game: Economic, Cultural and Conquest. The problem is that winning feels like conquest no matter which way you choose. For example in order to win Economical victory with Britannia (Iceni tribe) you have to capture 60 settlements and burn down or pillage at least 30 settlements. Never mind the pillaging, but who are we kidding, it is never economical to destroy in order to prosper. Game is highly addictive (if you get hooked on the game see your local doctor). You can play for hours and it will feel like 20 minutes. Playing with Rome will give you command of the most diverse units, which are fun to use. Sparta on the other hand has probably the least distinctive units. However you wont care. Why? Because we are talking about Spartan Hoplites, born killing machines that can destroy a large war unit such as elephant with ease. Big map gives you a lot fun to conquest the ancient world. Wonders are a great new edition to the game, and give your faction a perk of sorts, to boost your economy, army or culture.
game-hours: 150.9
review: Like Skyrim without guns.
game-hours: 141.3
review: Don't buy this it is too addicting I can't stop playing something is wrong... HELP ME!
game-hours: 117.9
review: For the ones that looks for great adventure games with a lot of errands to run, it's very fine and will fit in your needs. Combat, pickpocketing, sneaking, housebuild, item craft, item collections, a lot of challenges, solid story, main storyline quests and a lot of parallel and side quests and even more that make that game a very good one.
game-hours: 72.8
review: A really Nice Game, Good Job Bethesda!
game-hours: 215.5
review: amazing
game-hours: 92.2
review: A must buy.
game-hours: 1151.3
review: The Elder Scrolls series will have you entertained for many, many , many......many hours!
game-hours: 24.0
review: ing awesome game best game evarrrrrrrrrrrrr WOOPWOOP
game-hours: 32.9
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is one of the few games actually worth its full retail value. I've put in many hours onto this game on XBOX360 then I saw videos with the awesome addons and personalizations possible on PC so purchased it on Steam also. This game is phenominal and worth every penny, I'm saying this and I didn't even buy this on sale. I'm really looking forward to the next game Elder Scrolls Online. If you can buy Skyrim though you should it's worth every penny. I would still be playing it on PC if my computer was better but it couldn't really handle it-Dell XPS 13
game-hours: 17.9
review: Skyrim...Enough said. If you like a casual RPG, than you'll love Skyrim. If you are a big fan of Oblivion, Fallout 3, Fallout:New Vegas, or any Bethesda game, then you should enjoy it. I have it on my xbox 360, and my PS3, but it is best on my new laptop due to all the mods you can make and use, and the graphics.
game-hours: 2.4
review: Great game:)
game-hours: 107.3
review: Fun & Frustrating. Lots to do, fun things to see, crafting galore!
game-hours: 449.2
review: I hear the other games are good too, but I can't get bored enough with this one to buy them. I can't get out. I can't get out.
game-hours: 38.6
review: Best game ever......'nuff said.
game-hours: 104.9
review: What has not been said at this point about Skyrim? It is really hard not to repeat what you've already heard, Massive in size, graphically gorgeous, and is actually able to run on my 500 dollar laptop pretty well, When I bought it, I thought I'd be lagging, nope, 180 mods in and I'm still getting great framerate.
game-hours: 499.7
review: Modding this game was the only excuse i neede to build a $1000 pc. you will never need to own another game.
game-hours: 96.8
review: I love this game so much you should get it. Also SKOOMA
game-hours: 10.0
review: gud game, will pley 5ever
game-hours: 88.9
review: This is my favourite RPG so far, I have not spent enough hours in this game. 10/10
game-hours: 38.4
review: Crazy addicting dragon killing fun. A must have!!!
game-hours: 26.2
review: Swag!
game-hours: 199.8
review: Fantastic game
game-hours: 25.0
review: Skyrim is a wonderful game!
game-hours: 230.4
review: I don't know how many times I've played this game with a different character. I have started over then win so many times I've lost count. Then steam added workshop for Skyrim. Skyrim is great but when you get as many mods as I did THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST RPG EVER!
game-hours: 161.2
review: Best RPG)))
game-hours: 272.4
review: fighting is fun if you do it with ur fav sword friend
game-hours: 229.4
review: Game of the year. Absolutely the best game I've played in a very long time.
game-hours: 168.7
review: Mod the  out of it and play.
game-hours: 58.9
review: This game is the best game that I have ever played. There are so many things to do, so many places to explore! I don't think I've ever seen another game that has graphics like this one! Exept for Dino Hoard. .-. This game is a good game and I think you guys should get it! :D
game-hours: 71.6
review: One of the best games to play for hours and hours and hours...
game-hours: 413.3
review: In yet another chapter of the Elder Scrolls, Skyrim continues the tradition of excellence in this series. TES: Skyrim delivers hours of exploration and open-ended character development in a rich story-driven environment. Engage in a civil war, help people you meet, or save the continent from dragons; it is your choice, and your destiny awaits.
game-hours: 67.1
review: SEXY AS FAK! MODZ OP!!!!!!
game-hours: 30.8
review: sexay
game-hours: 66.2
review: fun
game-hours: 23.8
review: Very good game. I would rate this game a 9.5/10. The game its self is great but there are alot of bugs and glitches. But they do not pop up often enough for you to be able to tell so its perfect. GO ahead and get it very worth it.
game-hours: 123.9
review: great game when modded lots of fun adventure
game-hours: 245.9
review: Quit thinking about it and buy this game. Do yourself a favor and get the Legendary Edition while you are at it.
game-hours: 91.3
review: So addicting!!!
game-hours: 339.8
review: As always Bethesda made a work of art. Lots of freedom, amazing art, sound, music, good storytelling, good mechanics, and a huge modding community. The only thing I personally dont like its the User Interface, its very crappy, made for gamepads (even that i dont know if its good enouth...). The last UI that i liked from bethesda it was the one in Elder Scrolls 3: Morrowind. The good news are that you can easily change it with a community mod. After taking all into consideration, this game is Very good, and I recommend it :)
game-hours: 109.3
review: Skyrim is Skyrim, and Skyrim is amazing. <3 c:
game-hours: 162.7
review: I love this game, i recommend this to anyone who enjoys rpg's.
game-hours: 362.7
review: been damn good so far very emmersive
game-hours: 51.0
review: This game will last you forever. Hundreds of hours of gameplay even without mods installed. A must-buy for all humans.
game-hours: 93.3
review: As a huge Elder Scrolls fan, I am pathetic when it comes to how many versions of this game I own. I have played Skyrim on PS3, Xbox 360, and then now on PC. It's a very well made game and I whole-heartedly love it. The open world and countless quests provide days or even weeks of fun rather than hours. I've noticed there are mods galore for the PC version so it's like adding even more time to that.
game-hours: 2.2
review: If You're looking for a great game with an extremely high replay value, even after having about 100+ Hours, I'd reccommend this. I don't have many hours on record for steam but on the PS3 I have close to 200 Hours on multiple accounts.
game-hours: 377.7
review: I wasted many an hour playing this game, would recommend
game-hours: 21.6
review: LIKE SKYRIM WITH SKYRIM 10/10
game-hours: 0.8
review: Awsome for people with fetishes that include; Dragons, nords, trolls, vampires, necros, mudcrabs, thalmor, wolves, kittens, the argonian named spreads-her-legs, and Vin Diesel.
game-hours: 7.8
review: worth
game-hours: 52.6
review: Endless quests! Epic graphics.
game-hours: 5.3
review: got this one on sale and man i`m glad i did
game-hours: 49.8
review: Never played an Elder Scrolls game before, more from the baldurs gate franchise side. Must admit didn't know if this was up my ally as I usually like having parties to control. Picked the game up on the xmas specials and after 7 hours can honestly say am really enjoying. One of the best games I have played in years.
game-hours: 18.4
review: Great Game! And the mods makes such a different!!
game-hours: 221.2
review: Hin kurlah saraan hi. Shur nu. Mahlov hin aluntiid ol vahzah Dovahkiin ahrk sav Keizaal nol Alduin. Werid Talos.
game-hours: 23.2
review: Hours of fun, even when you complete the game it's fun to mod
game-hours: 41.4
review: If you liiked Elder Scrolls IV : Oblivion you'll like this plus you get the addition of dragons! Great looking game but a bit of a grnd and you'll likely find yourself looking for the cheat codes after a few days of hacking through the same 20 feet of map. It's becoming a cult classic and frequently in the top 5 most active games on Steam. Just remember, it's a Bethesda game so expect a lot of dialog trees, walking (like a Hobbit), and puzzles along the way.
game-hours: 39.3
review: One of the best games ever created, loads of fun is found.
game-hours: 1475.4
review: Great Game,can play for hours
game-hours: 479.2
review: So far best rpg game of 2011, 2012, and 2013! Bethesda has done it again creating another world in which, the player can become a living [art of the game! I recommend Skyrim for everyone who loves adventure and action! I give it a 10/10!
game-hours: 144.1
review: This is one of the buggiest, most broken, most unfinished-feeling games I have seen in a long time. It would take a very special game to make me look past all the (really glaring) issues and still have fun, and Skyrim is one of those games. It captures the feeling of adventure, of exploration, of excitement over the smallest things, more than most any games I've ever played. Wouldnt call it a masterpiece, but its most definitely worth your time and money. (plus the game is extremely moddable, so you're getting a potentially limitless amount of playthroughs without it feeling stale, not even mentioning the entirely new games people have made with the engine. Bumps up the value quite considerably, in my opinion.)
game-hours: 141.3
review: This game is soooooo coool,that it will keep you occupied n the first 100-200 hrs,but doing this without boring ya.This game is...awesome....just like....a.......GTA V MEDIEVAL EDITION!!!TYou can marry,have a child,be semi-naked,be over-armored,kill unknown people,corrupt guards,change the Jarls,take part of the civil war,make quests(I love this game cuz you get money if you make quests,not experience.This is cool because,let-s say that you are blocked on a mission.And what do you do to level up?Go kill some chickens!)You can also know the date and the hour.It rains,snows,you can see more aurora-borealis,maybe the sun even make you blind(for some secs).You can be the normal man,the civilian,who does have a house,a family and a job.You can be the dragon-slayer that searches for beasts of the wild with his arrows and his axe.You can be the madman that kills everyone in his path,whenever it is good or bad. You can be the warrior with you armory and followers.Or,maybe you like the mage.Some magic will harm anyone.Or,if you do not like to be violent,you can just steal. Warning:The game contains Gods,Anti-gods,Dragons,Crabs,Bandits,,FUN,AWESOMENSS and SKYRIM! No dragon was harmed during this review.
game-hours: 30.3
review: AWESOMEEEEEEEEEEEEE
game-hours: 186.1
review: All Time favorite game EVER!!!
game-hours: 25.1
review: FUS RO DAH
game-hours: 173.5
review: On Both content and game play this game has it all. Although I get tired of the Dragon Slaying theme Skyrim has outdone itself since Oblivion/Elder Scrolls 4.
game-hours: 11.7
review: One of the best RPG's I have ever played!, and the best work from Bethesda yet IMHO! :D
game-hours: 165.8
review: its awsome ther is no reason not to play :{P
game-hours: 191.5
review: ING EPIC !!!!!
game-hours: 141.7
review: I think the hour count says everything. It is low, but I had the game on 360 since day 1! Got it on PC after "Legendary Edition" was released. Skyrim will be one of my favorite games of all time. It is just so enticing! I have replayed the game aobut 4 times now and it has not bored me. I always managed to find/do something new each playthrough and am still finding new things. Like who knew the Long Bow is the fastest bow in the game?! I didn't at first! The base game is amazing. The DLC additives (Dawnguard and Dragonborn) are yet to be completed. I think a majority of my time playing this game on PC was playing through the Dawnguard expansion. Just so much fun! I have high hopes for Elder Scrolls VI! Until then, I will keep playing Skyrim.
game-hours: 81.0
review: A good game but plagued by bugs. Take note, that I'm a rogue player, so Sneak, Thievery, Backstabs, etc are all my modus operandi. People who are not using this skill set and aren't stealing all the loot may have a better time getting around these. Bugs that have annoyed me: Thievery success capped at 90% (Not actually a bug, and I fixed this by changing the cap in the editor). Thievery success going -down- at higher levels. Sneak not being sneaky enough (some enemies will -always- spot you cause plot hook) Getting stuck in floors on level change Enemies doing unrealistic amounts of damage, on Adept (Normal) difficulty (Two higher difficulties than this). Had an enemy randomly one shotting everything with a bow and arrows much worse than mine. Could only hit me for 1/20th of my health with a dagger he was also wielding. I could also one shot him. Otherwise, quests/cinematics/story all good, as much as I avoided them because I was too busy stealing everything.
game-hours: 68.5
review: BEST. GAME. EVER.
game-hours: 679.2
review: Such a great game. It's big, awesome and ... and I don't know the right words. For everyone who likes Fantasy, RPGs and/or want to try something in that direction, this is MUSTHAVE
game-hours: 67.4
review: Best RPG game ever made.
game-hours: 51.2
review: Awesome game. If you like killing bandits and absorbing dragon souls in your free time definitly check Skyrim out.
game-hours: 226.9
review: This Is Possibly One Of the Best Games I've Ever played!
game-hours: 32.2
review: A friend said: "This games steal your life!" and I answer: "No, it gives you a new one!". A masterpiece as everything related to Elder Scroll, excellent graphics, excellent game play, it's strongly recommendable.
game-hours: 4.9
review: Not going to lie, this game is perfect <3
game-hours: 68.3
review: Suddenly - ING DRAGONS
game-hours: 103.8
review: A action-rpg. The action is done terribly and the rpg-elements aren't that great either. Morrowind was a lot better, they're really starting to dumb down a lot in this series. Hell, even morrowind was a dumbed down version of daggerfall. This is ofcourse a bethesda game so it's going to be plagued with bugs which makes me question their programming skills. The combat system is terrible. All the weapons feel like wooden pads and the swords even look like pads. (there's a mod that fixes this) Magic is powerful early on but quickly starts to become worthless. (but there are mods that improve the magic) Stealth is terribly unbalanced. You can one-hit-kill everything with your weapons later on or you can make it even easier and use a bow. None of the characters are interesting or were s, so i could care less if they died. The only character i really liked was cicero, a killer jester. The story is boring and really simple compared to other elder scrolls games. A destroyer of worlds has returned and you're the chosen one so you have to kill him. The final battle was hilarious simply because the big bad destroyer of worlds is a pushover. The dragonslaying in this game is terribly anti-climactic. Bandits are more powerful enemies than the dragons. Changing the difficulty only changes the damage that enemies receive and dish out and they won't change tactics. So all the difficulty does is make the battles take a little longer. So in conclusion......the game is terribly overrated. Avoid it on console. But....... get it for pc. Why? Because of the modding community. There are some really amazing mods for this game that make this game enjoyable to play. But it's inexcusable that mods have to redeem this game. It should be a good game on it's own.
game-hours: 53.8
review: This game is very well made, Im able to run it on my laptop on highest settings with no problem. The gameplay itself is as always with The Elder Scrolls series is deep and involving and with completely new stretch of lands to discover and explore, will give many hours of excellent gameplay. You create your own destiny as a Dragonborn and as such you can speak the voice of the dragons knows as shouts and must explore the lands and slay dragons to learn more ancient dragon words to help you on your journey. There is also several new features in this installment of Eldar Scroll being that you can now create your own armour at the forge, enchanting has been improved somewhat and alchemy now has to be done at dedicated places. Overall this is a must have for the fans of Eldar Scrolls series, the RPG elements have been dumbed down since Oblivion but it is still an excellent game.
game-hours: 33.3
review: If this game was a potato, It would be a GREAT potato.
game-hours: 1184.5
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is the best game I've ever played. The amount of detail and care put into making this game it's insane! I've put Close to 800 hours into it and im STILL finding new places, people, and quest. Once you finish one quest line, you just move on to the next. From killing dragons and taking their souls, to casting a Firestorm spell to wipe out huge amounts of enemys this game has it. The world is yours in this game, and they're no accidents. Be who YOU wanna be weather it be elf, beast, or man. Overall this game is amazing. There are still a few bugs present but just save often and you should be fine. If you want the RPG game of the decade, and hours of dragon slaying and shouting words of power to freeze or burn your foes, then this is it. FUS RO DAH!
game-hours: 395.8
review: Kicked a bucket and killed someone. 11/10
game-hours: 395.0
review: Awesome game. with all the mods and subscriptions always something new to play with
game-hours: 157.5
review: Let's be honest here. You should already have this game.
game-hours: 96.6
review: Wonderful game, very versitile, and lots of quests to do. I just wish that the difficulty curve was a little higher the further up you go in level. It gets too easy to slay dragons.
game-hours: 156.5
review: Love this game
game-hours: 115.0
review: Thanks to my friend who gifted me this and the expansions I don't have to be lonely on xmas day I will just play skyrim and be merry <3
game-hours: 158.3
review: The latest and most epic installment of the Elder Scrolls series. Allows for a broader liberty when creating and playing different character archtypes than its predecessor, Oblivion. The fantastically detailed world and NPCs grant a wide sense of immersion while playing in a setting that's simply beautiful.
game-hours: 86.8
review: Short review from Metacritic: "Skyrim reimagines the open-world fantasy epic, bringing to life a complete virtual world open for you to explore any way you choose" And its true :)
game-hours: 55.7
review: The Best Game Ever!
game-hours: 8.2
review: This game has many hours of great gameplay. Mods on the PC version offer great graphics, new items and and even more gameplay.
game-hours: 42.7
review: Such wow! Very dragonborn! Many arrow in the knee!
game-hours: 192.2
review: Best RPG ever
game-hours: 8.4
review: If you have always played FPS and wondered why anyone would play a game where you look at yourself, HEH, then try this one out because you can just turn your mousewheel to go from first person viewing to behind yourself ala third person. I personally got bored of trying to figure out the many, many different components like spells and just a wood bowl you have to learn how to hold or use. The weapons were floating around in midair or falling to the ground, heh, I guess i am spoiled by games like BF2 and FAr Cry 2 and 3 in that I expect to play within a few hours somewhat of an enjoying type game. I would say it must be the best in that it is the only one since Turok, Dinosaur Hunter that made me try the genre out. It really is a big beautiful game, if you are willing or already know how to use all of the devices and tricks. It is the biggest map I have ever played. It keeps the graphics inline, not too much hocus pocus, a lot of reality. You don't even HAVE to use majic if you don't care too, like me. It is worth having if you ever get sick or break a heel like I did, this would have been welcom back then to pass time.
game-hours: 163.0
review: Possibly one of my very favorite games of all time. I have owned two copies of this game now- and even on bottom graphics settings and 20fps I managed 800+ hours in the space of just a few months without even realizing. It has fantastic graphics, huge scale, great gameplay, fun quests, a dynamic and utterly brilliant world and so many side quests your face will implode. 9.5/10
game-hours: 186.0
review: One of the best games out there, well worth the price. 10/10
game-hours: 67.7
review: A very expansive game, Skyrim's vast map is, if not the best, one of the best virtual world ever created. The map is full of things to do, prey to be hunted, ingredients to be collected, enemies to kill. Not to mention the random creature spawn that makes the world of Skyrim feels alive, not just scripted by the development team. When you turn that corner, there maybe some random NPC giving you quest, some guy walking along the road that can train you in your way to become a Speechcraft Master, or an old Orc warrior who seeks an honorable way to die. So much things to do, so much variety, which makes pouring hours upon hours on this amazing world feels exciting every single time. The main quest is epic, but compared to the many side quests in the world feels kinda dull. The freedom to build your own character is so liberating, particularly because of many strong arguments from many types of play. Add to that many amazing mods which has already been created, makes this a truly living game which always evolve with new content. Truly a great experience.
game-hours: 27.9
review: Cool game ,bro
game-hours: 117.6
review: One of the best games i've played. Great storyline, soundtrack and design!
game-hours: 131.1
review: Great Game love it, should play it.
game-hours: 95.8
review: Top draw, bang on the money
game-hours: 26.3
review: This game is awsome and a must play when you buy the game your going to have a awsome time playing and if you get bored then get mods on the steam workshop thay will inprove your gameplay :) so good job steam Ten outa ten beat buy EVAR WARING:Game will cause lost of social live and events.
game-hours: 113.0
review: Was k.
game-hours: 165.2
review: I prefer Fallout 3 and Fallout new Vegs. Skyrim's landscapes and dynamic weather are stunning but Fallout 3 and Fallout new Veagas has the better gameplay/combat and more charming and quirky characters.
game-hours: 47.7
review: Such a fun game with great replayability and pretty much infinite mods. A must play
game-hours: 2.3
review: I had play the game on xbox 360 for more then 130 hours, but wow with the special at 20$ for all the package and the free hd texture package its a bargain for me. I will restart a new adventure from the scrath of one of my best game ever !!
game-hours: 19.0
review: This game should be a given.
game-hours: 175.1
review: Faffing About Simulator 2011 If you still don't know about Skyrim then congrats on your Nobel Prize that you've clearly won for developing a way to breath on Mars! 300 mods/10
game-hours: 538.1
review: Skyrim is beyond massive. The world is colourful and immersive, and there's always something for you to do. Want to rampage as a werewolf? Eat their hearts out. Want to mine and craft and sell? Go be a merchant and mine everything from everywhere and craft jewelry and armor and weapons! The game has everything and more. Its only downside is that it is TOO immersive; you can lose hours of your life on here without even realizing it.
game-hours: 45.6
review: With mods this game is just perfect! 10/10 with mods 7/10 without
game-hours: 16.9
review: 11/10 dis gaem fuks al da hoes
game-hours: 11.7
review: Ultra realism..... Very cool.. xD 9/10
game-hours: 170.5
review: Over 100 hours in, and still seeing new content. Skyrim is far and away my favorite game of 2011.
game-hours: 22.8
review: This game is the best game on the planet enough said!
game-hours: 108.8
review: Read my review for Mound and Blade: Warband. Its exactly like that game except it isn't! But you can be a women kinght if you want, or a manly archer, sadly, much less wenches, and no castles to conquer. But you can use console commands to cheat, so that is fun and makes you feel accomplished! 9.5/10
game-hours: 609.1
review: I played plenty of this game and for nearly 600 hours on this account alone. It's hightly worth it and it's cheaper now then it was when I purchased it. Mods are also a nice thingin having. Plenty of graphics mods. 10/10 for this game.
game-hours: 133.0
review: Hands down, the most BEAUTIFUL game i have ever played. Beautiful music, beautiful graphics, beautiful world. If you have not played Skyrim, You must. It will put the most stubborn person in a trance. 10/10
game-hours: 18.2
review: This game is almost as good as club penguin Rodenut/10
game-hours: 140.4
review: Where to begin where to begin... How about its amazing graphics, or possibly its large and expansive world, its unending game play the dungeons are large and complex complete with puzzles of various designs.The new dual-wielding system is amazing and runs flawlessly with each other. and you can get flipping married!!! Beautiful SoundTrack by Jeremy Soule aptures my soul. Ideally suited to the game atmosphere. My Favorite Song "The Streets of Whiterun". Bethesda knows how to make games.I think this is the best game in the series "The Elder Scrolls" My assessment 9.5/10
game-hours: 136.7
review: By the nine divines! What did you just say about me, you little skeeverbutt? I'll have you know I graduated top of my class in the College of Winterhold, and I've been know to cast one hell of a fireball, and I have over 300 confirmed summons. I am trained in daedric warfare and I'm the swords master of the entire Imperial forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will make you beg to Akatosh as I bend you over like a common whelp, mark my words, on my oath as the Dovakin. You think you can come into my mind though this magic device and insult me? Think again,scum. As we speak I have every assassin and thief across all of Tamriel looking for your initial position so you better prepare for the storm atronach,you drauger. The storm atronach that wipes out the pathetic little husk you call your life. I will become the embodiment of Mehrunes Dagon, and open a portal to oblivion the likes of which you have never seen. You're ing dead, milk-drinker.
game-hours: 213.2
review: A MUST HAVE FOR PC i completely love the elder scrolls series and i played the heck out of this on 360 but i recently bought it for PC and now i can mod it which makes it more fun and longer with all new quests and story lines. i highly recommend this to anyone who loves RPG games
game-hours: 31.0
review: I attacked a cow 8/10
game-hours: 132.6
review: such a good game a sequel is needed
game-hours: 99.1
review: First thing I thought when I purchased this, "I'm gonna try and stick to lore-firendly mods." Next thing I knew I was shoving a lightsaber up Thomas the Train Engine's  while wearing Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle armor and carrying around the space core... best game 10/10 all years to come.
game-hours: 143.4
review: ever wanted to play a game where your a knight mage or assassin/thief well then skyrim is for you it is very fun and its pretty long and also there are workshop items! so it is very fun 8.5/10
game-hours: 51.0
review: Really Great game, Really good role play
game-hours: 42.6
review: Some games are jest better on PC this is one of them, the xbox version is buggy/laggy, and tends to heat up the xbox, this is a must get on PC.
game-hours: 333.3
review: I dont even know where to start this game is just so amazing the skill system is great there are so many skills plus class options of what class you want to be if you like the medievel ages dragons and classes skills smithing enchanting and so many other's plus mods anything is possible in this game
game-hours: 486.8
review: Everyday life in Scandinavia!
game-hours: 27.6
review: Such an amazing game, only problem is no multiplay BUT ELDER SCROLLS ONLINE IS COMING OUT. But on a single player level it is utterly flawless!
game-hours: 133.1
review: Why are you even reading this recommendation? Stop wasting time and just buy this game already!
game-hours: 194.3
review: The best game ever made i cant even begin to describe the most epic journies i have had with Skyrim I have almsot beaten the whole game played every race and modded the crap out of it Truly my favorite and best game ever made. Totally Recomended
game-hours: 153.5
review: Its a game play it
game-hours: 77.1
review: Love the graphics, the voice acting, the side quests, the combat mechanics, the dungeons, the caves, the creatures and animals and mammoths and giants, the songs sung by NPCs, the crafting, the chicken hunting, the fusrodah-ing, and everything else about this game. Then I hit 75 hours of playtime, and decided I've had enough and got bored of it all. Such a pity I never went far in the main quest storyline. Would definitely come back to finish the main quest, one day.
game-hours: 130.2
review: I think this might be the best video game I have ever played. Can't stop playing the damn thing, and look foward to Skyrim when I get home every day. I am pathetic ;)
game-hours: 123.6
review: Coming back to Skyrim I find myself totally engrossed once again. It's entirely engaging and the gameplay/storyline and ability to make of it whatever you want is exactly what I love about gaming in general. Time to lose myself once again!
game-hours: 173.4
review: No explaination required. Just get it.
game-hours: 50.0
review: AWESOME RPG!!! Has loads of mods for PC as well, so if you get bored with the default skyrim story line, then you can just easily install mods. Overall, you have no excuse NOT to buy this game.
game-hours: 166.9
review: Great open world game, allows you to put in a lot of your spare time without any need to grind for gear, levels or items. Although the game has a lot of issues; e.g. below average combat system, magic is underpowered and strange difficulty curve. A lot of issues can be easily solved by the giant and very active modding community. A Must have for people who are: - fans of openworld games - fans of The Elder Scrolls series - looking for a good fantasy game A recommendation for people who are: - looking for a good rpg - looking for a fun single player experience - looking for a fun game that allows you to sit back but still have fun A would not reccomend for people who: - dislike games in the rpg genre - are looking for a game that they can play in short periods - desire an rpg with a good and satisfying combat system
game-hours: 75.1
review: This game is awesome well worth the price
game-hours: 36.1
review: Not enough time in the day....
game-hours: 141.8
review: I absolutely adore this game, I enjoy being able to explore, and knowing that there is always something to do. steam wise I've only played about 76hrs so far but xbox wise about 200hrs. 5 stars all the way <3
game-hours: 28.2
review: Great game with a ton of play time.
game-hours: 79.4
review: awesome game very addictive, but many many bugs :/ score: 4/5
game-hours: 256.5
review: this game pretty awesome .so many things to do.
game-hours: 53.8
review: One of my favorite games, the ultimate escape from the daily grind. One of the most immersive worlds to lose yourself in!
game-hours: 630.9
review: Probably the best of the Elder Scrolls games to date, Skyrim is the ultimate sandbox RPG. Although there is a rather straight-forward main questline, there are hundreds of side quests, most of which are found simply by wandering the countryside, uncovering new areas and defeating random enemies. The main quest might take 20-odd hours - but completing everything else will easily consume hundreds more.
game-hours: 107.0
review: Must have RPG for the inner nerd in all of us :D
game-hours: 694.4
review: Pro: This is the best of the Elder Scrolls series to date. Story line and game play provides for total character emersion. Steam community includes great expandability for those that are seeking to fine tune the game experience. Con: There are only two cons that I have after 3500 saves and 600 hours of game play. The first is one that is consistent with previous series. Game saves are linier. Playing multiple characters requires scrolling through literally thousands of game saves to find the specific save point. Character category would be helpful. The second con relates to item categories and similar to the save issue. Though improved from later titles, there is room for improvement. If Betheseda simply added one more category, Stolen I would be happy. Neither issue affects game play.
game-hours: 11.4
review: Amazing. I love this game.
game-hours: 107.9
review: An awesome game with a deep! story line. Hours and hours of awesome gameplay!
game-hours: 96.1
review: Best Open World RPG
game-hours: 260.7
review: No matter how much I play this game, it never gets old.
game-hours: 102.5
review: I don't play RPG games that much but this one is just Perfect .
game-hours: 129.6
review: Ei huonooo!
game-hours: 5.1
review: At first I thought Daenerys Targaryen was the only one who knew how to handle dragons and then I met Dragonborn. This guy has the balls to yell at dragons while Daenerys just sits around crying about how hers refuse to listen. Who would you rather have on the iron throne? A simple girl who can't even rule a peasant city or a Dovahkiin who can tear down your blue skies with a simple whisper? GGnoRE Dovahkiin. GGnoRE.
game-hours: 181.4
review: You need to buy this game and all the dlc's. It's really cheap and it's the best game ever made!
game-hours: 347.0
review: Looking for ultimate battles and epic adventures? This game carrys much more than you would expect, Skyrim brings many quest's and areas to explore so you can't really have time to relax and have a cup of tea. There are many ways you can come into battle and many ways to take down your biggest foes!
game-hours: 255.5
review: M'aiq is tired now.
game-hours: 47.2
review: This game is literally a high end software game. It was fun when the loading screen didn't take ten minutes for small places! Get some really good software if you plan to get the DLC's or your looking at long loading screens. But, this is a really good game to not lie. It's got a short main questline. But it does make up for it by having so many quest's. The reason I bought this was for nolgastia. I miss playing morrowind.
game-hours: 42.2
review: same
game-hours: 268.7
review: I've played this Skyrim waaaay more than any human should play any game on my 360 back before I moved to PC and I could write a stupidly long review about it because I am such a damn fanboy, so I'll try to make this short. Haha... This game has no bad qualities I can think of other than some bugs here and there, and the combat can feel clunky at times. If you're willing to invest a lot of time in a game than I see no reason not to get Skyrim unless you're "too cool" for involved RPGs.
game-hours: 492.8
review: Deep storyline, tons of quest and dungeons, stunnig graphics, infinite modding tools. In shoty a must have.
game-hours: 178.3
review: Absolutely mind blowing graphics, gameplay and an enchanting storyline skyrim is the best RPG ever!
game-hours: 280.0
review: I can't get enough. Just wow. Everyone should play this game.
game-hours: 1.6
review: This game has a lot of depth. There is so much to do, it will keep you busy for a very, very long time. And there are some quests with multiple choice options, so you can always go back and do those quests with a new character if you have the patience. I personally love this game, it is one of my favorites. I recommend this game to anyone who loves role-playing games and games with interesting storylines.
game-hours: 34.1
review: Its a Bethesda game, of course it's worth buying....
game-hours: 129.7
review: I used to play SKyrim on console, and it was great, but here on PC, it gets to be a totally different game with its mods, it's so much cooler. This is one of many games that made me give up on consoles. Totally recommend it!
game-hours: 127.8
review: "let me guess, someone stole your sweet roll" 10/10 LIKE SKYRIM WITH SKYRIM
game-hours: 176.3
review: Elder Scrolls enough said.
game-hours: 68.9
review: penismcgee42
game-hours: 93.7
review: It's aight
game-hours: 200.9
review: Epic
game-hours: 499.6
review: This is a really good game and does not dissapoint. Also there is a active moding comunity
game-hours: 303.9
review: Anybody that is an RPG fan will love this open ended adventure game. Build and level your character around three different archtypes (Warrior, Mage, Rogue) but no restrictions means you can mix and match as you please. The Steam Workshop mod support for this game is seamless and easy to use.
game-hours: 827.3
review: Buy it! Do it! This is wat you want!
game-hours: 645.0
review: Very fun game, also very addicting. Amazing graphics, and easy set-up. Hilarious when it comes to personalities. Seems like an actual world/place that someone would live in. I enjoy the way you get to actually make your own character and now play one of those boring old pre-created ones. The amount of detail in this game is astonishing. Cant wait for TES: VI
game-hours: 385.7
review: great game , lets me forget time , got me addicted.
game-hours: 148.0
review: .
game-hours: 399.3
review: Highly recommendable to anyone looking to experience a fantasy world of depth, scope, and, most of all, adventure. Blends the elements of Open-world, Rpg, and Hack-and-Slash games nearly seamlessly, allowing you to play through as many times as you'd like without ever having identical play-throughs. The modding community behind this game is committed, savvy, and vast enough that you can tailor the world into a unique, breath-taking virtual reality that fits unlimited varieties of game-play preferences. Any serious fan of gaming who hasn't bothered themselves with this game is truly missing out. It offers the player more than just the opportunity to experience a beautiful story -- it lets them write it themselves. It leaves the player with the feeling that they are immersed in not just a good game (though they certainly are) but in a rich and compelling world. Top-notch, Bethesda.
game-hours: 35.7
review: Dont forget to look for some cool mods on steam workshop!!
game-hours: 73.9
review: You can run around in a fantasy world with dragons and stuff without pants. 10/10
game-hours: 473.4
review: Love all of the Elder scrolls and u can play how ever u want to rolplay to a moder or a cheater to go on god mode or what ever i havly mod it for a hard core
game-hours: 709.4
review: I'll never finish this game. Any time I play, I just find myself wandering off and exploring. And that's what makes this game so damn fun.
game-hours: 72.9
review: Mods the game
game-hours: 404.7
review: Amazing! The game by itself is incredible. I definitely recommend the DLC that goes with the game. In addition, the ability to modify the game on steam gives it an unlimited replay value.
game-hours: 130.0
review: There was a lot of hate for Skyrim when it came out, and having just beat the game tonight after getting it at midnight launch I can say after 2.5 years it's held up as a game for me. I wasn't a huge fan of Oblivion, which was very classical fantasy and I loved Morrowind, which was a very alien land with tons of interesting lore and culture. Skyrim is a slightly classical-deviated middle ground. It didn't come out running on the best engines but it was well appreciated by someone who can't run the best hardware for the game or so I play a year. Now that I have a nicer PC I can mod it how I please and it's been fantastic. I'm someone who appreciates the graphics in life so Skyrim was already a pleasure for it's time and I've only made it prettier to look at. I didn't like the simplification of skills and alchemy/enchanting and the loss over the last few games of things like Medium Armor, Hand-to-Hand, Unarmored, Staves, etc. but I can understand wanting to make the game more accessible to new players. It just seemed a bit hand-holdy and uncustomizable, especially having first played Morrowind where you could run around with one paldron, a different glove on each hand and a robe over your armor. Was Skyrim the most fabulous game ever forever? Absolutely not, but it was certainly enjoyable for a player who has been an ES fan for 3 game generations at the very least. Here's hoping VI will be even better for us.
game-hours: 7.8
review: If you don't love Skyrim.. You're wrong. It's a great game that you rarely get bored of!
game-hours: 158.7
review: Amazing on PC it's a must buy.
game-hours: 75.3
review: Skyrim: The ultimate ginger simulator - steal souls to use them in your evil plans. ps. there are also dragons
game-hours: 860.8
review: Best RPG everrr !!!
game-hours: 65.3
review: Not as good as Oblivion but easily one of the Greatest games ever made.
game-hours: 210.7
review: This game only stops being fun once your computer cant handle any more mods... but then you just delete some and start again!!! :D
game-hours: 304.1
review: Huge environments. Nice graphics. Amusing(but not game breaking) glitches. TONS of quests. Massive character customization/growth. It does become very unbalanced(in your favor) once you reach higher levels(30+) since the enemies stop scaling their level to yours, but it's still very fun exploring the huge world and dungeons full of interesting(and mundane) quests, fighting the random dragon attacks, and learning new abilities as you go! 100's of hours of entertainment for the OCD rpg lover.
game-hours: 73.3
review: One of the best rpg open world games yet. Even 2 years after release i still play it because the game has so much you can do: from unting dragons and wild animals, to killing bandits and fighting as a soldier. Or maybe you just buy a house and live out a peaceful life with your wife and children. The story is nice and solid, a bit predictable but thats alright hen you're playing a game as huge as skyrim. In concusion, if you want a bad  open world game, which you can play for ages, Skyrm's your game!
game-hours: 102.0
review: Probably one of the best RPG's ever made, with few drawbacks. A timeless open-world paradise.
game-hours: 925.5
review: The best
game-hours: 452.0
review: Lost my wallet, friends, food, sleep and life. But it's still worth!
game-hours: 81.6
review: The only thing missing in this game is Co-op but its still a great game with a ton of content!
game-hours: 326.0
review: this game is fun.
game-hours: 99.4
review: BUY IT NOW!
game-hours: 127.3
review: Great game, very immersive, lots of things to do. Do yourself a favor and avoid the actually storyline, though.
game-hours: 223.7
review: Best game to date. Ever. If you haven't tried this, your life is incomplete.
game-hours: 99.9
review: one of my favorite games
game-hours: 228.8
review: Great game for dropping tons of hours a day playing. I did that the first 1-2 of having the game. There are many skills, quests, and things to do in the game. Also this game has a very strong modding community that makes different areas, quests, weapons, etc. I would give it a 9/10.
game-hours: 404.4
review: The Elder Scrolls 5 Skyrim simply put is a Masterpiece. The Graphics are eye wateringly georgeous especialy on ultra high quality, and the mods on PC just add even more to the game, totally worth your money every cent. If you buy the game i recommend the legendary edition. My rating 10/10 there will never be another game like this unless Bethesda makes it.
game-hours: 198.0
review: Just an amazing game with amazing graphics even though it's kind of old. It has some glitches though. I don't care about them though, that's what console commands are for. 1000/10 would always play again!
game-hours: 34.3
review: I prolly give a 9/10. it pretty good.
game-hours: 108.3
review: The Elder Scrolls series was something I had never heard of but one day a friend I hadnt seen for a long time came down from up north and brought Skyrim for the ps3. When I saw Skyrim I thought This will be a great game cough cough. So we plug it in and gave it a whirl and I watched for about an hour. After that it was my turn. I instantly fell in love with the game and after quite a while the terrain in the ps3 started flashing blue and then about one minute later the ps3 shut down from overheating. After 2 days he left and I convinced josh into buying it. After a while the ps3 broke and that was the end of that. But then I got it on computer and the story continued and this time with mods. All in all a wonderful game filled with mystery and adventure. A unique leveling system and many quests, the wide range of weapons will keep you striving for a higher dps. The hunt to kill dragons in order to become a more powerful warrior is thrilling and fun. The dlcs will give you even more content and lore. The open world is also great because as you cross the vast plains or mountains areas of Skyrim you come across little areas that have been put there out of thought. In the latest update they added legendary difficulty which has made the game even better, making it feel like they need a dragonborn to protect them. This is an absolute terrific game and once you play it youre going to come back. Defiantly a ten out of ten from me.
game-hours: 89.9
review: Skyrim is absolutely astounding. The visuals, music, and voice acting are top notch. It may have just been me, but I walked from place to place or rode the horse instead of fasttravelling simply because the world is so beautiful. There are loads of weapons, armor, spells, and shouts to find and collect. You can even buy a house, which you can fill with books, or showcase your weapons and armor, or just hang out. I bought the house in Markarth, which happens to look just like Helms Deep from Lord of the Rings. It even has mods. Lots of mods. It also has glitches. Lots of glitches. But that shouldn't stop you from playing the  out of the best game in the Elder Scrolls franchise. Nearly Flawless 9.5/10
game-hours: 400.5
review: Get lots of mods, fight with cussing mudcrabs as a loli who can stop time
game-hours: 131.6
review: I simply love this game so much.
game-hours: 129.1
review: Play it. Love it. Mod it.
game-hours: 36.2
review: waifu sim v2
game-hours: 666.3
review: Simply epic. The most replayed game for me. I cant get enough of it. And the mods, the game gets endless with the mods! Will it ever end?!? Gotta say thank you for all the modders out there, you guys make this game more then it ever was! Pros: - Great grapics and visuals - Awesome story - Kill Dragons in epic battles - Troll the giants - Troll the civilians in a stronghold/village - Strip people naked with ur pickpocketing - Become whom ever you want - Play how ever you want - Do what ever you want - Become godlike with enchanting, smithing and alchemy combined - GREAT roleplaying envoirment - Awesome combat - A sandbox, common ~ Who dosent love sandboxes! Cons: - To few voice actors :(
game-hours: 375.1
review: IT IS AWESOME the open world with no forced story it is now my favorite game!!!! doing what ever you want in skyrim is easy because of add-ons etc. enough side quests to last a life time SO A MUST GET!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 394.6
review: freaking over 250 hours in still haven't beaten the story line still entertained what is this 10/10
game-hours: 42.1
review: A masterpiece of modern RPG gaming. If you liked Morrowind and Fallout 3 / New Vegas you will enjoy this a lot. It perfectly paints a picture of a vibrant world. The quests themselves are compelling and will keep you guessing right until their conclusion. Feel free to roam around the countryside hunting dragons and mining til your pockets are full!
game-hours: 190.3
review: Best sandbox RPG on steam.
game-hours: 16.0
review: So many differant playstyles, Stealth,Combat,Friendly,. I've recently began playing it again and it is amazing So Many differant wavelengths and opportunitys 10/10 Also play this with mods which then make it more fun XD Good playable FPS On average computers so don't worry.
game-hours: 31.8
review: this game makes up entirely for the production of brink by bethesda. GOTY
game-hours: 79.3
review: 9.4/10 Skyrim, this, I can truthfully say, is onle of the best games I have ever played. The immersive feel of whenever you're trying to bow down enemies of your guild with a bow, the role playing of drinking beer i n a bar, the fear that you feel when you see a troll. All of these factors make Skyrim my favorite RPG. The sheer quantity of things you can do, the ways you can play, you way you can look! When you play Skyrim, you feel like you're really choosing your own path, more than just an alternate ending, or a certian team. You choose what you do; and how you do it. I've never played a game like it, you really get to know it well, get in to routines, without it ever seeming repetitive, you just enjoy knowing where to run, or how to hide. Even when you do get to know Skyrim, complete the quests, max out your skills. You introduce yourself to the vast modding comunity, both on the Nexus and on the workshop, you can get so many different types of mods, being able to see that dragon's wing in more quality, or adding a whole new hold on a far away island, you never run out of mods to explore. These things are what add to why Skyrim is one of my favorite games of all time, a must buy for and Roleplayer, Explorer or Combat-Lover
game-hours: 96.0
review: 9/10 This is a great game and one of my favourite i have ever played. But im reviewing it on its basics. No mods. It gets a bit boring without mods but you can always add them.
game-hours: 138.2
review: I am a long-time fan of the elder scrolls series, and they have been putting out game after game for years. Each time a new game comes out, it pushes the limit of the gamers experience. This game is no different, 50 hrs of gameplay will pass before you know it.
game-hours: 210.3
review: This game is FANTASTIC! The vanilla game already has a BUNCH of content,but throw in mods and some DLC and you easily have 600+ hours,this game is very good and I would reccomend anyone to pick it up.
game-hours: 259.1
review: A thoroughly immersive, gigantic and - most importantly - fun game to get lost in for ages and ages. Skyrim delivers an absolutely stunning opportunity to build your own story, tailored to your own wishes. On top of that, modding capabilities ensure free long-lasting and highly individual enjoyment.
game-hours: 57.4
review: THE ELDER SCROLLS SKYRIMMMMMMMMMMMMMM
game-hours: 20.7
review: One of the best games for PC.
game-hours: 133.4
review: If you don't already own this game, your parents should disown you. Just buy it now, i'll forgive you.
game-hours: 63.5
review: Greta game, never gets boring. 10/10
game-hours: 270.5
review: I absoloutely hate this game and that is why I have not under any circumstances managed to put in almost 200 hours on the Steam version and 150 hours on the XBox version. I don't recommend the Workshop items because they only make the game even better and I cannot possibly recommend on more than several occasions that everybody should probably own this game.
game-hours: 44.2
review: Awesome game
game-hours: 29.1
review: Its amazing game!
game-hours: 55.1
review: FTW
game-hours: 445.7
review: 10/10 a must buy, mod section adds endless extras..
game-hours: 4652.9
review: This is the game the never, ever ends. I picked this game up thinking I wouldn't like it having never played a previous TES game before. Sat in my Library untouched for about a month or two, and finally took the plunge. I was wrong. I was so very, very wrong. This is probably the best purchase I've ever made on steam. Add in the unlimited potential of modding, and it's an adventure that continues forever. I've probably restarted over a hundred times by now with a new character, and still only have beaten Alduin once. ONCE. There's still so much more do to and explore that I'm still discovering quests and areas and little hidden things. I still can't believe how much there is to do and I'm still finding more. At it stands I'll probably wake up one day having lost all touch with reality and actually start seeing the world as Skyrim with how much I've played. And I'm totally ok with that.
game-hours: 3210.9
review: Ruined my life. Five stars.
game-hours: 1164.7
review: If I had to choose between this game, and my girlfriend. I'd pick this game. EDIT: I'm single now ON A MORE SERIOUS NOTE: This game is the best in its genre. In previous Bethesda games they made a sad balance in between Questing, and Exploration. Some having more quests and less places to go, and others having very few quests and more places to explore. But in Skyrim, there is no shortage of quests, and if you are like myself and just wander around aimlessly, you will stumble into places that just blow your mind. Every time I have replayed this game, I stumbled into something new. For more info i'd very much recommend mods, with mods such as texture packs, difficulty, quests, armor, and weapons, this games replay value is endless. Go through the game once with plain skyrim, then mod the hell out of it. Overall I'd rate this game an EASY 10/10. If you haven't already. Please buy it, give it a little, and I swear you will be hooked.
game-hours: 150.9
review: >murdered Nazeem in the middle of town >carried him up to the Cloud District >threw his corpse down into some nearby water >retrieved his corpse >carried him back to the middle of town >guards see me, don't care >left Nazeem's corpse bent over a well >guard hard staring me whole time >decide to leave market place >accidentally hit "E" while looking at tomato >get sent to jail for stealing tomato 10/10
game-hours: 247.4
review: An epic game made all the more epic by the fact that it is so easy to mod and so well supported by the modding community. The Elder Scrolls series has a large following and often you will hear people argue over each new TES game comparing it to the last, but for me each TES game stands on its own merits, and Skyrim is no exception. The story is pretty good and there are plenty of side quests, but what makes Skyrim so great even when not modded is its large and open nature. This is a land you can just pick a direction and with no quest in mind and just explore. You will find danger and excitement on your journey ... and loot. Lots and lots of loot. But once you start modding this game, that is when you unlock the true value that is Skyrim. Potentially thousands more hours content (for free) in a game that can be improved ten thousand different ways from graphics, textures and sounds all the way to game mechanics and user interface changes. You can make the game exactly what you need it to be, and play it for so long you may still be playing when the next game in this series comes out.... and sometimes longer than even that. If you are interested in modding the PC version of the game, be sure to check out my guide for beginners:
game-hours: 148.5
review: A game where trying to interact with giants holding clubs turns into the funding of NASA's space program.
game-hours: 12816.1
review: Play it, mod it, play it again, mod it some more... It's a dangerous cycle: your pets will die of neglect and your friends will leave you. You won't care, you'll just install more mods.
game-hours: 92.5
review: I was stacking books on a shelf in my house in Whiterun, one of Skyrim's major cities, when I noticed a weapon rack right beside it. I set a sacrificial dagger in one slot, an Orcish mace in the other. They were on display for nobody but me and my computer-controlled housecarl, Lydia, who sat at a table patiently waiting for me to ask her to go questing. The chest upstairs was reserved for excess weapons and armor, the bedside table for smithing ingots and ores, the one next to the Alchemy table for ingredients. I'd meticulously organized my owned virtual property not because I had to, but because tending to the minutia of domestic life is a comforting break from dealing with screaming frost trolls, dragons, a civil war, and job assignments that never seem to go as planned. It's even a sensible thing to do; a seemingly natural component of every day existence in Skyrim, one of the most fully-realized, easily enjoyable, and utterly engrossing role-playing games ever made. Part of what makes it so enjoyable has to do with how legacy Elder Scrolls clutter has been condensed and in some cases eliminated. In Skyrim, there's no more moon-hopping between hilltops with a maxed out Acrobatics skill. That's gone, so is Athletics. The Elder Scrolls V pares down the amount of skills and cuts out attributes like Endurance and Intelligence altogether. There's no time wasted on the character creation screen agonizing over which skills to assign as major. You don't assign major and minor skills at all, but instead pick one of ten races, each with a specific bonus. High Elves can once a day regenerate magicka quickly, Orcs can enter a berserk rage for more effective close-range combat. These abilities are best paired with certain character builds  the High Elf regeneration is useful for a magic user  but don't represent a rigid class choice. Major decisions don't need to be made until you're already out in the world and can try out magic, sneaking and weapon combat, emphasizing first-hand experience over instruction manual study, letting you specialize only when you're ready. It contributes to the thrilling sense of freedom associated with life in Skyrim. Do a quest, kill a dragon, snatch torchbugs from the air, munch on butterfly wings or simply wander while listening to one of the best game soundtracks in recent memory. Despite the enormity of the world and the colossal amount of content contained within, little feels random and useless. Even chewing on a butterfly wing has purpose, as it reveals one of several alchemical parameters later useful in potion making at an alchemy table. Mined ore and scraps of metal from Dwemer ruins can be smelted into ingots and fashioned into armor sets, pelts lifted from slain wildlife can be turned into leather armor sets, and random books plucked from ancient ruins can trigger hidden quest lines that lead to valuable rewards. Skyrim's land mass is absolutely stuffed with content and curiosities, making every step you take, even if it's through what seems like total wilderness, an exciting one, as something unexpected often lies just over the next ridge. Many times the unexpected takes the form of a dragon. Sometimes they're purposefully placed to guard relics, sometimes they swoop over cities and attack at seemingly random times. In the middle of a fight against a camp of bandits a dragon might strike, screaming through the sky and searing foe and friendly alike with frost or flame. Momentarily all on the battlefield unite, directing arrows and magic blasts upward to knock down the creature, creating impromptu moments of camaraderie -- a surprising change from what may have been yet another by-the-numbers bandit camp sweep. Dragons show up often, their presence announced by an ominous flap of broad wings or an otherworldly scream from high above. The scale and startling detail built into each creature's appearance and animations as it circles, stops to attack, circles again and slams to the ground makes encounters thrilling, though their predictable attack patterns lessen the excitement after a few battles. In the long run they're far less irritating than the Oblivion gate equivalent from The Elder Scrolls IV, can be completed in a few minutes, and always offer a useful reward. Killing a dragon yields a soul, which powers Skyrim's new Shout system. These are magical abilities any character can use, you don't have to specialize in spell casting to slow time, throw your voice, change the weather, call in allies, blast out ice and fire, or knock back enemies with a rolling wave of pure force. Even if you favor sword, shield and heavy armor and ignore magic entirely, you'll still be able to take full advantage of these abilities provided you find the proper words  each Shout has three  hidden on Skyrim's high snowy peaks and in the depths of forgotten dungeons, serving as another reason to continue exploring long after you've exhausted the main quest story, joined with the Thieves Guild, fought alongside the Dark Brotherhood, or thrown your support behind one of the factions vying for control of Skyrim. Not only is this land under assault by dragons, long thought to be dead, it's also ripped in two by civil war. You can choose one side or the other, but so much of the allure of Skyrim is how, even outside of the confines of quest lines, the embattled state of the world is evident, and steeped in a rich fictional legacy. Lord of the Rings this is not, but with the release of every Elder Scrolls game, the fiction becomes denser, and the cross-referencing for long-time fans all the more rewarding. Skyrim's residents are all aware of current events. They'll comment on the civil war, some sympathizing with the rebels, others thinking the establishment sold its soul. The peasants complain about the Jarls who control each settlement, the Jarls complain about the rebels or foreign policy, the overprotective College librarian complains when I drop dragon scales all over his floor; many characters feel like whole, distinct personalities instead of vacuous nothings that hand out quests like a downtown greeter hands out flyers for discount jeans. Characters stereotype based on race, they double-cross at even the slightest hint it might be profitable, and they react to your evolving stature within the world. It makes a ridiculous realm, filled with computer-controlled cat people and humanoid reptiles, demon gods and dragons, feel authentic, like a world that existed long before you showed up and will continue to exist long after you leave.
game-hours: 68.4
review: Killed an old woman. Stole a plate. Got arrested. (Because of the plate). Fought a dragon. Stole a crown. Got drunk. Became a werewolf. Killed bees with fire. Followed a talking dog. Visited the old dwarven cities. Killed robots. Became an assassin. Killed the emperor. Got beaten to death by a whole town for stealing a cabbage. Became a respected general. Fought bandits. Poisoned mead. Stole cabbage again. 10/10 would Skyrim again.
game-hours: 477.1
review: At first you are like this games fun, then you are like woah there are mods and then you don't stop the mods and then the next thing you know you are playing as a giant with a strap-on fighting thomas the tank engine
game-hours: 458.2
review: If you've lived under a rock for the past 2 years you might not know that this is a good game. Has it's problems, bugs, ect, but it's a great game. The combat system suffers from being either too complicated (as a mage or whatever) or being way too simple (as a basic warrior / archer)
game-hours: 2.1
review: Apparently I just wasted $60 because I wasn't aware of the myriad mouse problems that Bethesda hasn't bothered to fix in over three years. Also found out that Steam doesn't do refunds. You're welcome for my money Bethesda. You'll never get another dime from me. They never should have released this game in this broken state, especially with a lazy, money-grabbing developer that refuses to fix the real problems.
game-hours: 3.5
review: FUS RO DAH!!!!
game-hours: 35.2
review: Awesome game 10/10 gota have a good pc to run it tho
game-hours: 26.3
review: just absoulutly AMAZING if u want adventure this games got it swords got it bows and arrows got it mystical hights got it then this games for u IT EPIC u should deffinitly get it NOW!!!
game-hours: 94.2
review: Just an all out amazing game! With some of the best mods I have ever seen! :D
game-hours: 288.7
review: One of the best games i have ever played. Endless opurtunity to do whatever the hell you want. You can play however you want, be whatever you want. I've probably played 300 hours (but mainly on xbox( of this game and it never gets old. When you play this game on steam make sure you make full use of the endless mods available on the workshop and Nexus.
game-hours: 654.0
review: Immersive, endlessly moddable, and endlessly replayable. To top it off, this game captures the feel of movies and shows like "Game of Thrones" with its cold, medieval setting and offers fantasy lore comparable to Lord of the Rings. Okay, maybe it doesn't have the same classic appeal as Lord of the Rings, but you're not here to find reviews for good books, are you? Buy it. You won't be disappointed (and if you are, oh well!)
game-hours: 446.2
review: Nice game! Five stars.
game-hours: 294.5
review: I would list Skyrim as one of, if not THE best game I have ever played. So immersive and entertaining - I think I must have sunk around 500+ hours into it across both Xbox 360 and PC versions. Truly outstanding.
game-hours: 38.2
review: guude
game-hours: 11.0
review: awsome game
game-hours: 282.2
review: Highly addictive, why would anyone not like getting whipped around by a dragon?
game-hours: 6.1
review: The Elder Scrolls series of games are some of the best video games of all time, and Skyrim, the fifth in the series is a beautiful and masterfully made game for those who are long time fans of RPGs and The Elder Scrolls, and those new to the genre alike. 9.5/10
game-hours: 865.0
review: Overall good RPG game. Thought it does have the "fetch that thing" quests that are kind of repetetive but there are good ones too. TES games are very moddable which makes the games also worth playing again, and again, and so on.
game-hours: 319.7
review: Step 1:Play It. Step 2:Get Bored. Step 3:Mod It. Step 4:Repeat Previous Steps Pretty much nothing more to say here.
game-hours: 41.6
review: One of the most addictive rpg's i've ever played. You can choose your own story that will lead you to fighting the dragon of all dragons and race too. Theres WAY!!! more stuff to do if you buy this game (which you should). Will reccomend this to all my friends and will also reccomend playing the legendary edition, but i you just want to play the regular version of Skyrim, then do it. This could possibly be the greatest rpg ever and the greatest singleplayer game i've ever played. Well what are you waiting for, buy the freaking game for crying out loud!!! (only wait if you dont have the money).
game-hours: 32.0
review: absolutely love it!
game-hours: 255.3
review: Being a player, who loved Morrowind and couldn't stand Oblivion, I was surprised how much time I actually spend playing Skyrim. What is more, the main plots (main quest and mages in my case) were actually quite uncomplicated, most of the time predictable and player choices lacked depth. Yet, enjoyed this game very much. That was due to two main factors - extremely smooth gameplay, and what is even more valuable, the amazing atmosphere of the region built by every thing you walk through - the tombs, the marshes, mountain passages, rivers, totally unique, yet still down from scale (same as Oblivion and Morrowind) cities, and the NPCs you meet. Skyrim is a harsh and unfriendly land and you often have to stick your nose out of some places and even being the legendary hero - run from dragons. I especially recommend the assasin (Dark Brotherhood) storyline and of course the Dragonborn extension, which is also surprisingly good with the recreated - known from Bloodmoon addon for Morrowind - island Soltsheim. Comparing these two you'll get much less quests to complete, but they're still worth the time with even better atmosphere which got some TES III nostalgia and really well created mage character Neloth. Just simply don't expect from Skyrim choice and roleplay depth, you won't get it. Yet the land is worth of trying out, exploring, enjoying the view, killing thousand of draugrs and meeting very well crafted NPCs.
game-hours: 258.7
review: Best... RPG... Ever
game-hours: 15.3
review: This is an AWESOME game! I love the Elder Scrolls Games. I started playing ES when ES3 Morrowind came out on the Original Xbox. Played & beat ES4 Oblivion on Xbox 360 like 4 times & I played & beat Skyrim on the PS3. I just picked this game up at Walmart for $19.99! Steam has it for $29.99! I have been wanting to get it on PC for a while after seeing all the Workshop Mods for it, but I didn't want to pay $40+ for a game I had already beat... One cool thing about this disc copy is, I installed from the disc & it auto installed it to my Steam account. Don't even need the disc to play it. I HIGHLY recommend this game. If you want to get it, go to Walmart & buy it. Save youreself $10!
game-hours: 28.5
review: Great Game,Totally worth the money!
game-hours: 130.6
review: I still haven't finished the main story...
game-hours: 605.5
review: I turned a man into cheese 10/10
game-hours: 35.7
review: Vast amount of mods available. I like mods, therefore i like this game :D
game-hours: 161.9
review: amazing, immersize game with plenty of content for you to explore. Slay dragons and follow the path of being the destined dragonborn or forget the prophecy and murder dozens of innocents. Choices are plenty and with the memmorable cast of characters, vanilla skyrim is a delight easliy lasting over 80 ours of true, immersize, gameplay. With mods, skyrim itself immerse you further into the lore or completley disregard it. Mods are very crucial to me and my experience, so if you get this game, then make sure to download mods from the workshop or nexus. good for: RPG fans, elderscroll fans, fallout fans, gamers who want and immersive story. Beware, like all bethesda games, glitches and crashes are common. 9.5/10
game-hours: 465.1
review: Okay. You knew this recommendation was going to happen. You've heard how good (and bad) Skyrim is. So why not give it a spin?
game-hours: 859.4
review: 840.5 hours, I don't think that I lost my sanity at all during this time. If you haven't gotten this game get it already, and get the really useful dragons mod. You will never look back. Trust me I'm a doctor with a PhD in Destruction Magic...
game-hours: 29.9
review: its a really good game, i have this bug that when i start it up i only get about 10-20 minutes to play it and than it closes to my desktop( can you please help me?)
game-hours: 19.2
review: Love this game! Easy to understand yet challenging!
game-hours: 237.2
review: Great game, perfect for pc. Mods are recommended, like trains instead of dragons and dwemmer chainswords. Possibly the best single player game in existance.
game-hours: 19.7
review: LOVE this game! Had it for the Xbox 360 and loved it..and the PC verisen is even better!
game-hours: 91.4
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is an open-world fantasy game with a non-linear play style (meaning that you dont have to stick to the main story). The game itself is set in the Tamrielic province of Skyrim, a harsh, wintery landscape that is absolutely stunning both in graphical terms and gameplay. You play as the Dragonborn: a warrior that has the body of a man... But the soul of a dragon! You can use special drgon shouts to defeat your oponents. Skyrim is-in my opinion-one of the BEST open world fantasy games there are. Whereas some diehard fans would always say that Oblivion was the best Elder Scrolls game, I feel that what Skyrim does brilliantly is giving the player choice, as do all of the Elder Scrolls games, but Skyrim opens up this and doubles those opportunities for choice. There are at least three seperate sub-storylines to the game (all three adds up to about 9-11 hours playing time) as well as the main story (which is around 12-13 hours) so there is a great sense of replayability with this game, not to mention the endless amounts of side quests which are both interesting and immersive. But, I think the best thing about Skyrim is the modding community. Modding does have quite a bad reputation with non-gamers as the word "modding" brings to mind the idea of unfair advantages, but because Skyrim has no multiplayer, there are no unfair advantages and Bethesda (the developers of the game) bring out the Creatin Kit to allow players to mod their games. Even here on Steam, there is the Steam Workshop which allows Skyrim players to upload their own mods for others to use. There are a wide variety of mods from awesome visual updates to adding in completely new things; the modding community keeps Skyrim fresh so that the replayability will never run out. So, should you get the game? If you like the idea of choices, fresh ideas and good the good old "Hack and Slash" element as well as spellcasting, then Skyrim is the game for you. Even if you don't think you'll like it, I highly recommend that you give this game a try (ESPECIALLY SINCE IT'S ON SALE NOW!! "HINT! HINT!" "NUDGE! NUDGE!") because a lot of my friends have said that they would absolutely hate this game, they came round mine and are now hooked! So GET THIS GAME! You may just like it!
game-hours: 51.5
review: sutch a good game beat it on ps3 but just got it for my new gaming laptop realy good graphics and the spead of the game is like the ps3 have the graphics turned up all the way just wow good job Bethesda game studios! And Steam!
game-hours: 92.4
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim its a fun game it can be very cool and if you get the right mods you can get an addiction to it but overall its a really cool game and i think you should buy it.
game-hours: 549.4
review: I love games that give you total freedom to do whatever and anything you please. I can mod the crap out of it and even do other quest before the main. I have played and loved both elder scrolls oblivion and this one. If you get it for pc you can get mods to increase the already decent graphics. Anyone who has not tried an elder scrolls game should and needs to try Skyrim. The DLC Dawngaurd is also a major must have. It adds more quest as well as improved vampires/werewolfs/others. I just love the game so much. I am one of those people who spends hours just customizting in character creations. Which adds on to the fact they have mods to increase races and other cosmedics.
game-hours: 149.0
review: Best game I have played in a long time.
game-hours: 37.4
review: This game has awesome graphics and a great modding community!
game-hours: 30.2
review: very good RPG reccomend anyone to buy it . its completely worth it
game-hours: 17.9
review: this game is amazing and all the Steam Workshop content is amazing!!!!
game-hours: 34.4
review: A good way to lose your social life.
game-hours: 542.6
review: My favorite game of all time! If you have not played this game before, I am not sure what manner of duck you are.
game-hours: 1932.3
review: This game never gets tiresome; Start out on Adept and try your hand, defeat the game - tell yourself its to easy - move yourself through the difficulties to Legendary and watch the simplest creature show you who's boss. With the largest moding community out there, there will always be something new to offer this game. The DLCs provided give you a great boost of immersion and diversity to the world of Skyrim, The mods available by those that chance and master the Creation kit give you a whole new world [or WORLDS] to explore. This is a game where you are truly only limited by your imagination. If you find something does not fit right or you would like to see done better, you have the creation kit to improve upon it! NPC's to wooden and lifeless, go into the kit - add in what you want them to do and voila! You want a new and improved dungeon experience, done! With the tutorials that come with the Creation Kit and all the modders out there to help you, there is never an excuse to not enjoy this game. Do I recommend this game - YES.
game-hours: 194.2
review: One of the best RPGs ever. Skyirm is an immersive world that can be made even better with the addition of great mods.
game-hours: 29.3
review: best game
game-hours: 192.8
review: MACHO MADNESS, SKY'S THE LIMIT! (this game was to modded by the past user so I don't play it often)
game-hours: 288.3
review: Excelent game with great story line it is a little buggy at sometimes but 9/10
game-hours: 86.9
review: Yet another GREAT title from Bethesda! The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a feat of its own. An immersive world, coupled with grand scenery and exploration, this game is a complete marvel. Besides lightning, EVERYTHING is at your fingertips in this game. Customization, Gameplay, Graphics, Exploration. It is almost impossible to spend less than 50+ hours in this game. A variety of quests, weapons, armour, spells, locations, and secrets, Skyrim is a world you almost wish you lived in..besides the terrain dotted giants and ice-frosted trolls. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- -Gameplay 4/5 -Customization 5/5 -Graphics 5/5 -Exploration 5/5 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- Last but not least, the Community. There are so many Mods for this game it literally adds hundreds of hours on top of what you're most likely to spend playing the game itself. Custom quests, dialogue, gameplay elements, weapons, armour, graphical tweaks, and fun mods make this game a 99/100 in my book. Totally worth the FULL price, sale or no sale. Get it, you will not regret.
game-hours: 27.8
review: This game is great, I played it on Xbox for a while until I switched to PC. Once I bought it on Steam and downloaded some mods it was the funnest game experience i've ever had, after I got over some V-Sync issues, and visual terring problems I spent hours playing. Overall I would definitely reccomend this game.
game-hours: 131.1
review: love it espeshely eso
game-hours: 137.3
review: Words can't describe what I have experience in this game honestly like where do I start! 1. Mods 2. More Mods 3.s of Skyrim (must have for immerson) But seriously this game is amazing I remember playing it for the first time on xbox back in late 2011 and now playing it on pc with hundreds of mods! and even though the story is a bit dull compared to Oblivion and Morrwinds stories and is the basic overused YOUR THE CHOSEN ONE it is still amazing and I've played through it 5 times on different platforms. Anyway I recommend this to anyone that enjoys games where you can do what ever the  you want or for people who wanted a challange because you can really change the whole game with mods anyway I keep going off subject besides all the awesome things in this game I will admit that the dragon fights are very very easy and the same repetitive hit them when they get on the ground and asorb there soul crap but thats nothing a couple mods can't fix anyway buy this game just do it!
game-hours: 107.2
review: amazing
game-hours: 85.9
review: Endless gameplay, beautifull graphics! 100% worth it!
game-hours: 59.1
review: An ok game turned great due to the community mods. Without the mods I don't think I'd enjoy it as much as I have.
game-hours: 132.3
review: Skyrim.... What can I say about this game? Loved by people everywhere and often regarded as the best RPG of all time. Well, I disagree. Now dont get me wrong, I like the game and think its great, but the large unbalance between trying to be a mage, archer, or assassin and being a forefront heavy armored idiot with 1,000 health potions is insanely stupid. Im gonna be a badass sorcerer/archer and lurk in the shadows! says me on my first play through. Well those skilly are nothing in comparison to wielding heavy axes and gladiator amor. So it turns out that the 50 hours you spend leveling up those sneaky skills are for nothing and you can still be killed by any old peasant in the blink of an eye. The leveling system makes everything else around you level with you. So that homeless guy that you could kill with a splinter to the thumb suddenly got Jesus proof skin and it takes smashing a semi-truck on his head to take him down. And on the other side of this problem, things that should remain hard to kill, dont. For example, I found myself having a harder time killing a town guard at level 40 than trying to kill a dragon. Totally legit. I also found the world of Skyrim to be uneventful and boring in comparison to other Bethesda RPGs. I really tried to get into the story of the game and never really could. I loved the concept and kept reassuring myself that Ill get into it. But all the characters sound the same and never have anything interesting to talk about, or maybe its because the monotone villagers voice makes me wanna put in arrow through my neck to I skip through the talking parts. Ill admit, there were some epic battles here and there, nod I did really like some of the side quests, but as a whole, it bored me to tears. Now the environment is enthralling. It is a huge improvement over Oblivion for sure, the scenery and wildlife is magnificent, and while Bethesdas physics have never been. ugh. amazing the improvement on the graphical part of the game makes up for it. Overall, I did enjoy the game. Between the choices and freedoms you have as a player and the atmospheric wonder, Id say its actually a great game, just not as great as everyone else makes it out to be.
game-hours: 203.4
review: A little bit of something for everyone, and there's a lot of somethings to go around. You could spend most of your time just doing side quests and exploring the rather large land that is Skyrim. Or you could blow right through the main storyline. What's that you say? You've spent countless hours in the wilderness and defeated any and all who crossed you? Never fear, brave adventurer - the community has provided PLENTY of mods to keep you going. Everything from new weapons and armor to new questlines, to difficulty tweaks making the game as easy or as challenging as you want. There's a little something here for everyone. Now if only they'd add co-op...
game-hours: 94.4
review: IF I SQUINT HARD ENOUGH IT LOOKS A BIT LIKE FALLOUT 4
game-hours: 189.9
review: 8.5/10 Amazing game with beautiful graphics and a pretty good storyline. The side quests can get repetitive and the mounted combat is terrible, but other than that it's a solid game.
game-hours: 43.7
review: MOD the  out of this game and you will love it
game-hours: 753.8
review: This is my favourite game of all time. I have so many great memories of this game, questing, roleplaying, killing, it was such a great experience. I love the landscape in this game also, there is so much variety it should make everyone happy. Environments such as the harsh cold mountains of the north, the beautiful forests and flora of Whiterun and Falkreath, the amber trees and golden grass of Riften. And the rocky, Dwemer feel to Markarth. Playing through the vanilla game was one of my favorite and greatest experience ever. And then I started modding. WOW. The modding support for this game is both ridiculous and amazing at the same time. There are mods out there for absolutely everyone. Whether your a hardcore survivalist ( Frostfall, RNAD), or roleplaying a hunter (Hunterborn, A hunting guild) or maybe your a fearless brute, a mercenary, this game is perfect. If you are not a fan of the 2011 graphics, do not worry there are several enb's out there which vastly improve the look of this game. My favorites are: Realvision enb, Seasons of skyrim enb and project enb. All look absolutely stunning. Honestly, I could write a thousand word essay on why you should buy this game or why it's my favourite game of all time. To anyone wanting one of the best gaming experiences out there, I recommend this game. It's perfect.
game-hours: 142.9
review: One of the 10 best games I have ever played! You can choose the game style you want to play. I literaly walk around, admire the landscape and find secret locations and quest.. Or just follow the main quest line. The game is huge with so much content you can't beleave. Specialy with all the DLC's. Recommend buying it ASAP as its excellent value for money!
game-hours: 105.1
review: THIS GAME HAS DRAGONSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
game-hours: 27.6
review: 10% of time doing quests 10% of time travelling 80% of time shouting at lydia for being in my way...
game-hours: 0.8
review: Second best game ever. Being a fan of post-apocalytic game worlds over dragons.
game-hours: 197.9
review: This game is amazing, with or without mods. The modding community is also great.
game-hours: 114.0
review: It's like the Grand Theft Auto of Medieval times.
game-hours: 19.9
review: I Love This Game! :P
game-hours: 36.2
review: Great freaking game! Good ol fashioned mid(high)evil rpg dragon skill based 1st and 3rd person tactical life sucker of awesomeness. 5.1 stars.
game-hours: 34.6
review: THIS GAME IS GUD
game-hours: 161.8
review: I used to be an adventure like you , but i took an arrow to the knee
game-hours: 572.0
review: This is a great game. Basically, you are put in the shoes of the one warrior in Skyrim who can stop the World-Eater Wyrm, Alduin. You accomplish this through your steel, your spells, your wits, and your Dragon Shouts (the power to warp reality by yelling in the dragon tongue). Along the way, you must battle the likes of vampires, bandits, frost trolls, and more. And the story does not end after you save the world once, oh no. The DLC adds two more possible armageddons, one in which you may choose to be a villain. It is extremely choice-based as a game. Combat is easy to learn, hard to master. Left clicking attacks, holding left click performs a power attack, right clicking blocks, and power attacking while moving results in a more powerful strike, which changes depending on the direction. Spells are powerful tools, but it can be difficult to cast them at first due to low Magicka. Each attack is governed by a different meter. Power attacks drain Stamina, spells drain Magicka, and getting hit will (of course) drain your hit points. The Perk system is a unique class approach that allows you to govern how you play. Want to wield heavy weapons alongside spells (my personal favorite)? Choose the right perks and you are all set. Want to sword and board, but also don't want to miss out on archery? Done. Options include Stealth, Combat, and Magic perks. The world itself is amazing. Every detail, from an underwater cavern to an aurora borealis is crafted with painstaking detail. The dungeons can start to look alike after a while (especially Nord crypts), but the world is simply compelling. Dragon battles are big enough to get their own review point here. It can be difficult to slay dragons at first, but you eventually will get the Dragonrend shout, which forces the beasts to land. Moddability is amazing for this game. I run it heavily modded (mostly it adds spells or new swords) and it is amazing. Highly suggest grabbing mods for this game when it suits you. In conclusion, great game. I'd recommend this to anyone who enjoys a Role-Playing Game.
game-hours: 82.1
review: Its all starts on an xbox... 3 months later the ps3 gets involved... 9 months later, i decide to get it on ym laptop because its the greatest game ever created in the historical book of gaming ever created in the universe of gaming in the know universe... i think? Press play? i shoudnt have now all i can do is sit on my 600 pound butt eating cheetos and playing skyrim. i have beaton the main questline 9 times (yeah only 9) put about 19,000 hours into this game, eatin 9000 bags of cheetos and somehow managed to spend over 200$ on this game (how tho) once i started for my laptop i noticed you can mod so of course i gotta sit for another 50 hours (yes i am not even kidding) just downloading mods, now i wait to use them! now i cant decide weather to recommend this game or not...
game-hours: 121.2
review: This game is awesome. highly recommend this
game-hours: 46.8
review: Its a Elder Scrolls game, that's all i have to say.
game-hours: 15.3
review: hours and hours of vikingy fun, from helping some poor bugger out by doing a quest or ing up some villagers day by going apache on their asses this game has it all, ever wanted to hit a mud crab with a ? well now you can! The workshop has a vast amount of mods that make my crotch tingle at the thought of what i can aspire to do. THE POSSIBILITIES ARE ENDLESS YOU SON OF A ! NOW DOWNLOAD THIS GAME!!!!
game-hours: 125.2
review: This is one of the BEST GAMES EVER!!! You must have it. You may beat the game once but u can do it again but a different way or person OR BOTH!!!
game-hours: 296.7
review: This game is highly recommended by me and many others because of its open world rpg fantasy game. It consists of a huge map, full of dungeons, places and quests to find and do, and has many creatures to fight. As Dragonborn, I find the game gives you very OP powers. But thats alright, I like it when games do that.
game-hours: 34.0
review: Simply the best game i've ever played, beautiful massive enviroment lots of customising simply amazing i'm 30 hours in and feel like there is so much more left to do and explore this is a must have rpg!
game-hours: 20.0
review: AMAZING game. Endless possibilites for character design, play style, exploration, and just about anything. Looks incredible, the voice acting is top notch, and od I even need to say how perfect the combat is? One of the, if not THE best games I've ever played, bar none.
game-hours: 42.1
review: An overall flawless game
game-hours: 181.0
review: This game contains no lap dances, 420/69 would horse again.
game-hours: 351.6
review: You can shout really loud Super lungs Fus Ro Meow Dragons Magic Words Grinding You kill the big black dragon; Alduin join the blades join Dark Brotherhood; they all die by Imperial Soldiers last DB contract is to keel the emporer of Skyreem If you join Imperials in Civil War you kill Ulfric Theives Guild you kill the Guild Master Dragonborn DLC you kill Miraak Dawnguard DLC you kill Seranas father and meow more plot details
game-hours: 80.2
review: yay
game-hours: 133.6
review: One of the best games ever made!
game-hours: 53.4
review: Probably the worst game I've ever played
game-hours: 186.1
review: All Time favorite game EVER!!!
game-hours: 25.1
review: FUS RO DAH
game-hours: 173.5
review: On Both content and game play this game has it all. Although I get tired of the Dragon Slaying theme Skyrim has outdone itself since Oblivion/Elder Scrolls 4.
game-hours: 11.7
review: One of the best RPG's I have ever played!, and the best work from Bethesda yet IMHO! :D
game-hours: 165.8
review: its awsome ther is no reason not to play :{P
game-hours: 191.5
review: ING EPIC !!!!!
game-hours: 141.7
review: I think the hour count says everything. It is low, but I had the game on 360 since day 1! Got it on PC after "Legendary Edition" was released. Skyrim will be one of my favorite games of all time. It is just so enticing! I have replayed the game aobut 4 times now and it has not bored me. I always managed to find/do something new each playthrough and am still finding new things. Like who knew the Long Bow is the fastest bow in the game?! I didn't at first! The base game is amazing. The DLC additives (Dawnguard and Dragonborn) are yet to be completed. I think a majority of my time playing this game on PC was playing through the Dawnguard expansion. Just so much fun! I have high hopes for Elder Scrolls VI! Until then, I will keep playing Skyrim.
game-hours: 81.0
review: A good game but plagued by bugs. Take note, that I'm a rogue player, so Sneak, Thievery, Backstabs, etc are all my modus operandi. People who are not using this skill set and aren't stealing all the loot may have a better time getting around these. Bugs that have annoyed me: Thievery success capped at 90% (Not actually a bug, and I fixed this by changing the cap in the editor). Thievery success going -down- at higher levels. Sneak not being sneaky enough (some enemies will -always- spot you cause plot hook) Getting stuck in floors on level change Enemies doing unrealistic amounts of damage, on Adept (Normal) difficulty (Two higher difficulties than this). Had an enemy randomly one shotting everything with a bow and arrows much worse than mine. Could only hit me for 1/20th of my health with a dagger he was also wielding. I could also one shot him. Otherwise, quests/cinematics/story all good, as much as I avoided them because I was too busy stealing everything.
game-hours: 68.5
review: BEST. GAME. EVER.
game-hours: 679.2
review: Such a great game. It's big, awesome and ... and I don't know the right words. For everyone who likes Fantasy, RPGs and/or want to try something in that direction, this is MUSTHAVE
game-hours: 67.4
review: Best RPG game ever made.
game-hours: 51.2
review: Awesome game. If you like killing bandits and absorbing dragon souls in your free time definitly check Skyrim out.
game-hours: 226.9
review: This Is Possibly One Of the Best Games I've Ever played!
game-hours: 32.2
review: A friend said: "This games steal your life!" and I answer: "No, it gives you a new one!". A masterpiece as everything related to Elder Scroll, excellent graphics, excellent game play, it's strongly recommendable.
game-hours: 4.9
review: Not going to lie, this game is perfect <3
game-hours: 16.8
review: love it get it
game-hours: 659.7
review: 3 years of playing, still find new stuff :D
game-hours: 170.1
review: The dragons are coming back to Skyrim and you are the only one that can stop them, you are dragonborn. Though the dragons aren't the biggest concern because skyrim is in the middle of civil war the high king has been murdered you must choose a side, will you support Ulfrick Stormcloack and his rebel army or will you join (the far superior) imperial army. There are a lot of other side- and main quests in the game as wel. Bethesda has nailed it again by producing a game that in my opinion is the king of rpg's. 9/10
game-hours: 232.9
review: Skyrim is one of the best games I have played to date. You can get so immersed into this game with the lore and the story and just the game itself. I would recommend this game to anyone.
game-hours: 347.0
review: Better than Dark Souls for sure
game-hours: 55.7
review: sex mods
game-hours: 840.0
review: I have clocked in so many hours of my life into this game and its DLC, along with the ability to mod it. This is by far my second favorite game of all time, and thats saying something considering the ammount of games ive played. I can always come back to TES:Skyrim and play with a new refreshing experience because of my imagination and the amalgamation of mods i have installed. Do i wanna be a necromancer assassin this round? Or do i wanna be a nature-conjuring , wolf spirt summoning druid ? Or a buff, beefy, sweaty-glistening-muscles toned argonian with a giant greatsword whos 9 feet tall and could crush you under his foot? Yes. Aslong as you have an imagination, and whether or not you wanna mod it [ i recommend modding, it adds near-infinite replayability even more to an infinite replayable base game] , this game is absolutely fun, stunning in graphics, and beautiful in many ways. Also hilarious, considering the people who made this game, they have a sense of humor, something that is great in a game such as this . I am biased to rate this game 10/10 as its one of my favorites, however it does have its flaws some should be aware of. In the hearthfire dlc, when you bould a house, the lighting inside doesnt properly work. I have looked for numerous fixes and downloaded mods to fix it, to no avail, it seems completely broken and unrepairable. That , for me, is a huge problem, as i am a visual type of guy, i like the beauty i find in things, and when you build a grand house where the lighting is bleak and dead because of a glitch rendering the torches not to work, well, it really puts a sour taste in my mouth. However, dont take my word as law, some people dont have the glitch, and some do, it seems. Its different per person from what ive read and spent countless hours trying to fix. There are some other glitches around but alot of the skyrim bug fixing mods fix them. This game is still a 10/10 for me, despite its flaws and occasional bug or blemish. Oh yea, argonians and khajitt for life. Preferably Khajitt, its hard to choose, but my biased love for lions and large cats wins me over this round. DAMN YOU BETHESDA.
game-hours: 55.8
review: 8/8 m8 IGN Like skyrim with guns what
game-hours: 0.8
review: George R.R Martin sure knows how to make games !
game-hours: 17.9
review: It's a fun game. It's confusing at first but it gets easier once you get used to. Buy this game!
game-hours: 384.7
review: One of the best games I have ever played, 400+ on record. Alot of replayability, and the modding comunity is great. The game really lets you play it your way. No matter if you want to be a healing Elf, or a dragon slaying Orc you will still enjoy this awesome game
game-hours: 166.2
review: even though this game is seven years old now, Skyrim is still my all-time favorite RPG adventure. What it lacks in default graphics it makes up for in mods and overhauls produced by the gaming community, making your skyrim equal (if not better) to most games on the market today. As far as content goes, if you've finished every quest, explored every cave, and cleared every dungeon, then there are plenty of fantastic quest mods out there and i doubt i'll get bored of skyrim any time soon. be sure to check out the skyrim nexus for the latest and greatest mods to keep your game looking fresh. sorry for the rant.
game-hours: 100.2
review: I seriously overlooked this game when it first came out, believing it was grossly overhyped and thinking it was another paint-by-numbers RPG that had great aesthetic but typical gameplay - I was certainly wrong. It now stands as one of my favourite games, not only because of its sheer amount of content, but also because it's honestly the most fun you can have in an RPG adventure. While it does hold some less than desired glitches (one of which that had me forced to noclip), that's something that I've pretty much accepted as a part of Bethesda's larger than life charm.
game-hours: 667.8
review: well after a virginity-solidifying 550+ hours of skyrim i can safely say that my chances of ever reproducing have hit the negatives. mod the game, by the way.
game-hours: 95.8
review: the best game evar
game-hours: 228.3
review: Ran into the wild. Killed some bandits. Stripped them and put them in compromising positions with eachother. 10/10
game-hours: 217.9
review: 11/11 The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is the best game of all time. The scope, scale and freedom of the game is unimaginable. The atmosphere is vibrant with a deep lore and story. A beautiful masterpiece with an amazing soundtrack. I urge you to keep your favorite screenshots and music tracks somewhere safe because in 10 years time when new games have rendered this one obsolete you can go back through those memories again and remember just how special Skyrim was to you. You'll argue with fans of the newer games sharing reasons for why Skyrim was better. They won't understand and how can they. Their memories will be with newer games that have built on Skyrim's strengths further. They won't appreciate how without earlier games the ones that they're playing now wouldn't be possible. You too can become a nostalgic loser who hates new games just because they change things. Got this game for the PS3 and sunk in hundreds of hours. If you got it on console it is totally worth getting it for PC for the massive modding community. If there were one thing I would forget. It would be this game only so I could experience it again. Skyrim is love Skyrim is life.
game-hours: 235.0
review: This game came out 2 days ago and I put in over 200 hours!!1!11 Arrow in the knee!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!111111!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 87.4
review: So Skyrim....this is one fun game. On the basic of the game you are a young dragonborn and you are off on an adventure. An adventure to save Skyrim. This game has a variety of things to do, so much you won't be bored. In this open world you can do anything that you want. If yu want to complete the story of the game go ahead, go to caves and find riches go ahead, be the leader of the Dark Brotherhood go ahead. This game is meant for fun and it does a good job of it. You are able to chose your destiny in Skyrim, your play style everything is up to you. You like cheats? Go ahead no one will judge its your game do whatever you want. Once you get the game you won't stop, and you will be glad you got this game.
game-hours: 149.3
review: Honestly one of the best open world ActionRPGs of the past couple of years.
game-hours: 121.1
review: After 2.5 years still the best open-world action-RPG there is. Upon beating the main questline and about 30% of the game overall (i think) I can honestly point out just a couple cons: 1. Too easy on any difficulty setting up to 'master' after a few hours of gameplay, and of course higher difficulty means faster levelling: sometimes can take you just one shot of arrow to increase archery skill :) Would like to see some balance there. 2. Auto-levelled chests make dungeon-crawling kinda boring. Would be nice to have some dungeons with ultra-strong mobs and unique items which you can'be beat up to a certain level like in Morrowind. Anyway, looking forward to the next one from Bethesda, be it TES or Fallout (or anything at all, please).
game-hours: 367.4
review: i came dragon souls. is that bad?
game-hours: 169.7
review: This game isn't as good as Morrowind or Oblivion, that's hardly a serious mark against it. After a while it gets a bit boring (and easy), but until then, there's a lot to do. Want to go hunting and make leather? You can do that. Gather herbs? Sure. Steal and assassinate? Yep. If it scaled its difficulty better towards the higher levels, it'd be playable for much longer, but it's fun for a while.
game-hours: 378.9
review: best game ever you never know when a dragon is going to come
game-hours: 118.5
review: I shouldn't have to recommend this. If you don't own this, you're an idiot.
game-hours: 167.0
review: Fus-Ro-YES! The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is THE fantasy epic open world RPG game you always wanted but never knew you wanted. Be a mage, a thief, warrior, cook, an assasion, or even all of those AT THE SAME TIME. You can even cut firewood for no reason! Travel a vast land filled with magical creatures that you can kill on a whim. Your possibilities are endless. Loot bodies, slay bandits, steal 70 lbs of cheese wheels! You are the Dragonborn, the hero fortold of in legend. Slay dragons. Slay vampires. Go on a bloody rampage through major cities, killing all the innocents who stand in your way. Tired from your needless killing and looting of corpses? Buy a house and store thousands of items you will never use! Entertain yourself for countless hours reading the many books scattered throughout the world. Skyrim is your world, to play as you choose. Also, there's bears.
game-hours: 86.1
review: Game is so ing incredible. In this game you take on the role of Light Yagami, a gook student who attends a high school in gookatopia, Japan. He gets a notebook that banishes demons to other dimensions, brining on the fourth kind, After you defeat grand master Goku you learn of a ancient secret hidden within the realm of all eternity, protected by Yugi Motto in the shadow realm. You must then use the powers of Bruce Lee to vanquish satan and reclaim the shadow realm, naming it Gookapocolypse after your fatheer. Game is totally kawaii and I love their hair cuts. Thank you, 10/10
game-hours: 464.8
review: FUS_ROH_DAH-DAH-DAH!
game-hours: 109.3
review: 10/10 Best game i've ever played!
game-hours: 109.4
review: One of the best rpgs so far i have spent well over 300+ hours on the xbox version, and the computer is just as good if not better!
game-hours: 56.5
review: This game is incredibly awesome. Dragons, dragons everywhere! Graphics are amazing and storyline is epic.
game-hours: 58.8
review: This game will never get old....
game-hours: 444.3
review: Really great game with lots of depth and good voice acting. Easily customizable with a load of mods to choose fromon the Steam Workshop.
game-hours: 163.9
review: A very addictive game that makes you feel the need for continuing. Brilliant.
game-hours: 60.3
review: amazing game
game-hours: 58.8
review: best game for ever
game-hours: 139.8
review: As I write this, only 117 hrs on record. One of the most entertaining of the Elder Scrolls series as far as exploring and finding new things at every turn. I still miss Daggerfall (they need to bring back ships, improve spell creation, etc.) and it feels like Skyrim has fewer things to loot than Oblivion... but with the right mods this game is superb. I'd say this makes my top 10 list but with a few crippling bugs and with some need for improvement on the crafting/skill/balance area, it will stay toward the bottom of that list for now.
game-hours: 75.0
review: My favorite game of all time. This game really throws you in a world where you can be what you want to be.
game-hours: 313.8
review: Awesome game, Completely worth every penny!
game-hours: 18.8
review: 3 hours in, and I'm already addicted. Amazing game with great visuals!
game-hours: 141.7
review: Like Skyrim with guns - Ign 10/10
game-hours: 296.4
review: Best game ever. No doubt
game-hours: 565.9
review: I am a little Reluctant to recommend this but I will - I just dunno yet, I'm not as impressed as I should have been. Morrowind was revolutionary and oblivion captivating but this is so... So So. It is elderscrolls so its worth picking up when its on special under $10. The Hud annoys me it is clumsy and easily frustrating with the whole thing having a heavy consol feel. IMHO dont pay the full price but still there are worse games out there with higher pricetags.
game-hours: 471.7
review: An awesome game, despite what people say about being dumbed down from its predicessors Morrowind and Oblivion, it's still a great game!!
game-hours: 316.3
review: If some could create mix of Skyrim and Fable III, then this would be for me the best game in the world. Positive: - you can basicly go everywhere - on almost every single squere centimeter of space in this game - bounty to pay for getting caught on crime - making your own weapons, potions etc. - skills tree - big amount of locations to explore - different types of dragons - many factions to join - dragon shouts - intelectual challenges - story line is adictive - many different characters (they have different dialogs - not like in other games just 2 - 3 types of dialog) - enemies can't kill your companion - great climatic music - books, that helps you level up - enchanting - you decide what kind of weapon effects you want to have - you can own a horse - lots of quests - fast travel - waiting - bribing the guards - rhetorics Negative: - no unreal engine graphics, in which I'm in love with :( - our character doesn't talk - even with mods character aren't as beautiful as in Fable - no moral code - you can worship deadras and sacrifice people, but no punishment for that - minor bugs - no posibility of throwing spells around you - like in Fable - unless you have scrolls - scrolls spells hurt your companion - you can accidentaly kill your companion - guards punish you even if other character is attacking you first and you're devending yourself with weapon - undeads - I don't like that they have to be in every single adventure rpg game :( - when you use Frul dragons often lands of the ground far away from you, at the time when you run to him he flies away - to long dialogs - besides the Shadow, horses are to easy to kill - you can have dog but you can't leave him in your home, because he's going back to the merchant, you bought him from - many side quests are incredibly linear - almost no comedian situations besides reading some diaries PS: I played standard version - without any DLC's
game-hours: 90.8
review: THIS GAME IS AMAZING!!! You can get mods that make the game better and somehow can even make the graphics better. I've played longer than it says since I've switched accounts so so far maybe 60+ hours. I beat the game as a member of the Stormcloaks and it was fun as heck. Get the game now if you can!
game-hours: 207.9
review: So I started out this game not sure what to expect, it was one of the few games where i start without seeing a Let's Play of First. I quickly got wrapped up in the intense storyline and quickly beat the main story. The game also includes an abundance of side quest that have taken me much longer to do than the actual storyline. This game is great for RPG loves and would be perfect for a roleplay, assuming you have the multiplayer mod.
game-hours: 209.0
review: Best. Game. Ever.
game-hours: 238.0
review: Best game I've ever played. Completed the main quests and both expansions in roughly 140 hrs. of game play without getting bored. I'd even love playing it again but with a different type of character. I will find time to do it one day haha
game-hours: 22.1
review: I have many more hours on the console. Got this game the day it came out and have loved it since that day back in 2011.
game-hours: 128.9
review: One of the best games I have ever played!
game-hours: 1566.0
review: its the best game ever! VUS RO DA !
game-hours: 102.1
review: While Skyrim lacks the difficulty and some of the depth of its precedents, it makes up for it with its superb graphics and good selection of mods. Like the other Elder Scrolls games, Skyrim has hundreds of quests, and over three hundred hours of content.
game-hours: 357.0
review: One of the best RPGs ever made; yeah some were disapointed, others complained about the overwhelming number of bugs in the game... But it being such a HUGE-MUNGUS game it's to be expected (As are the bugs which are now kinda Bethesda's trademark when it comes to these huge open world games). Recommend it to casual and hardcore gamers alike.
game-hours: 209.9
review: THE RPG against which all other RPG are compare. 10/10.
game-hours: 227.1
review: Very goood. I higry reccomed this game. Its riterarry the best game ever
game-hours: 193.7
review: The next chapter in the Elder Scrolls saga arrives from the Bethesda Game Studios. Skyrim reimagines the open-world fantasy epic, bringing to life a complete virtual world open for you to explore any way you choose. Play any type of character you can imagine, and do whatever you want; the legendary freedom of choice, storytelling, and adventure of The Elder Scrolls is realized like never before. Skyrim's new game engine brings to life a complete virtual world with rolling clouds, rugged mountains, bustling cities, lush fields, and ancient dungeons. Choose from hundreds of weapons, spells, and abilities. The new character system allows you to play any way you want and define yourself through your actions. Battle ancient dragons like you've never seen. As Dragonborn, learn their secrets and harness their power for yourself. Also ich Persnlich kann nur sagen das es echt Gut ist.
game-hours: 11.3
review: Very nice game on the Pc Recommend it!!!!!
game-hours: 36.5
review: Great Open World Game. The Steam workshop mods really help to personalize the game to your liking. I would reccomend to this to any person starting in RPGs.
game-hours: 1.9
review: good game
game-hours: 8.3
review: its good stuff!
game-hours: 42.1
review: Buy it. . . beat it. . . then start playing it again. . . with other users content! Beautiful game, TONS to explore. . . just buy it.
game-hours: 27.2
review: Best game, since long time....
game-hours: 91.9
review: Few games will ever compare to how immersive and deep this game is.
game-hours: 824.0
review: Love this game so much. I have always loved The Elder Scrolls and this one is no different.
game-hours: 113.6
review: Truly amazing, beautiful game! Takes about 20h to progress through main story, but over 100h to complete all the sidequests. The world is so big, and there is so much to explore, and you are allowed to do pretty much everything you like. I wished there was a possibility to fish though, but hey you can RIDE DRAGONS! You can also experience the life of a vampire or werewolf. As you can see there is so much to do, you can also build yourself a house, get married, adopt children etc.
game-hours: 585.1
review: Love this game...
game-hours: 13.5
review: Gave me cancer. 10/10
game-hours: 172.3
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is an open world RPG that you can do whatever it is you want, let it be screwing around(Like what I do) hunting, exploring, etc. the choice is yours. I feel like a fool having this game sit in my library collecting dust(I was running low on space at the time and had no choice but to do so until I upgraded my PC, which it is right now) This game is just amazing at times you may encounter glitches in the world but the lot of them are quite hilarious. The possibilities in this game are endless, as I said, you WILL enjoy this game if you like RPGs. You can choose to be a magician casting destruction spells such as fire, electricity, a warrior who uses his/hers trusty sword and shield, a brute who wields a massive two handed greatsword, warhammer, or battleaxe, or a magic fighter(Which I am) who uses a sword/axe/dagger of your choice and magic in the other hand either it is destruction, or restoration to aid in combat. Skyrim is a must have to those who enjoy RPGs.
game-hours: 42.6
review: It's The Elder Scrolls, so what is not to love, I would recommend this game 100x if Icould. What makes it even better is when it goes on sale.
game-hours: 243.8
review: Best. Game. Ever.
game-hours: 154.6
review: This is one of my favorite games ever, the graphics, quests, characters are all OUTSTANDING! I got it on xbox and it SUCKS, all the reviews said that Skyrim on PC is way better and they were right! The mods make the game into an infinite game of pure awesomeness (just had to say it), if its dragons, adventure, or wizardry you want this game has got it! P.S Its so addicting it can ruin your life
game-hours: 33.6
review: AAA
game-hours: 318.6
review: Good game. Lots of mod options. Recommended.
game-hours: 3.5
review: The Elder Scrolls most recent and best recieved release to date. Alot to do with a streamlined system to do alot with. Enjoy.
game-hours: 341.1
review: Great rpg. The modding community is amazing. Lots of quests and things to do.
game-hours: 259.5
review: While Skyrim did not have the amazing story of Oblivion and Morrowind, It did in fact top both in gameplay, and of course, graphics. It will always be one of the best RPGs if not THE best. I'll give it a 4.9/5
game-hours: 134.6
review: awesome
game-hours: 16.6
review: hmm what to say about this game, its a good game, and with mod support its pretty much endless, i'd say about 20-200 hours of gameplay without mods
game-hours: 307.3
review: Just pure aweosmness cant seam to get off this game
game-hours: 910.8
review: If you don't own this game, then you are not a gamer.
game-hours: 186.4
review: All the game has been carefuly made. A lot of funny and beautiful details. A great plot. Is a game that I hard recommend to all who loves ANY KIND OF GAME. Because I prefer shooters but this RPG is FTW. Also there are tons of mods on the Steam Workshop or at the net.
game-hours: 173.2
review: I played Skyrim and the giant hit me and my character ragdolled into the stratosphere, I knew it was the work of Mehrunes Dagon because that wasn't how physics worked. He was like Satan only not and then I saw demons in the game saying they wanted to take my heart and I knew this game was haunted because ghosts and skeletons were in a dungeon.
game-hours: 130.2
review: Its like Farcry3 with swords 69/10 - IGN
game-hours: 210.1
review: Skyrim is a open-world rpgesk game. The graphics of the game are now out-of-date and the combat system is too easy for hardcore gamers. The story is bad, the factinos are plain and their quests are basicly this: Oh you know our best infiltrator couldn't get it! Let's send this new recruit! Or go kill these bunch of targets because we wannt to just sit around in our hideout and fap etc. The soundtrack is good but it gets boring after 100+ hours. All of this can be fixed with mods (not the story of factions and main tho) I installed the Requiem mod and the combat/skill system was overhauld to perfection! DLC like storymods are also out there with my personal favrout: Falskar. Purchase at your own will
game-hours: 1412.9
review: Very indepth story with charictor that you lern to love or hate plus some of the better mod ive see from a game
game-hours: 170.1
review: Just a fantastic game from the story to the gameplay. Mods also add to the fun, so buy my very expensive tf2 crates
game-hours: 658.6
review: Best Game of all time skyrim rules
game-hours: 265.1
review: If I could turn the page In time then I'd rearrange just a day or two Close my, close my, close my eyes But I couldn't find a way So I'll settle for one day to belive in you Tell me, tell me, tell me lies Tell me lies Tell me sweet little lies (Tell me lies, tell me, tell me lies) Oh, no, no you can't disguise (You can't disguise, no you can't disguise) Tell me lies Tell me sweet little lies Although I'm not making plans I hope that you understand there's a reason why Close your, close your, close your eyes No more broken hearts We're better off apart let's give it a try Tell me, tell me, tell me lies Tell me lies Tell me sweet little lies (Tell me lies, tell me, tell me lies) Oh, no, no you can't disguise (You can't disguise, no you can't disguise) Tell me lies Tell me sweet little lies If I could turn the page In time then I'd rearrange just a day or two Close my, close my, close my eyes But I couldn't find a way So I'll settle for one day to belive in you Tell me, tell me, tell me lies Tell me lies Tell me sweet little lies (Tell me lies, tell me, tell me lies) Oh, no, no you can't disguise (You can't disguise, no you can't disguise) Tell me lies Tell me sweet little lies (Tell me lies, tell me, tell me lies) Oh, no, no you can't disguise (You can't disguise, no you can't disguise) Tell me lies Tell me sweet little lies (Tell me, tell me lies)
game-hours: 2.5
review: Good game, good graphics, and you fight dragons.
game-hours: 817.1
review: A game that truly lives up to the hype. Amazing game.
game-hours: 52.1
review: get it
game-hours: 87.8
review: Great game, really enjoy it.
game-hours: 199.5
review: I bet you I'll get like 1000 hours on this.
game-hours: 1063.0
review: best game ever
game-hours: 265.3
review: After playing over 500 hours (180 on PC and the rest on Xbox) I can say that Skyrim is one of my favourite games of all time. If you are a fan of open world games then this is the game for you, you can spend hours lost in the beauty of the landscape and discovering things. The game has plenty of customization: Swords, Axes, etc.. all work well together and the magic system is a definate improvement over the previous games; combine any two spells or even wield a weapon and a spell together. Along with the armor choices, alchemy and enchanting I think this is what makes Skyrim stand out from the other RPG's out there, not forgetting the world of course! I do however have some points that I feel do let the game down, firstly I feel that the games lacks depth in the quests and npcs, your choices throughout the game don't really affect the world and one of the faction quest endings *cough*dark brotherhood*cough* definatelt lacks the impact of what you do. Another thing that lets the game down is the repetative nature of the quests, after playing for so long I have started to notice the quests follow this format "Go get X from this cave Y" This could be a positive however if you like that sort of quest but for me it really started to make the game feel stale. Overall, I definatly recomend you buy this game as it is a great RPG and if you get into the modding scene you can really make your game amazing.
game-hours: 680.7
review: I don't need to recommend this, it's skyrim
game-hours: 36.1
review: I just love Skyrim. The Elder Scrolls are my favorite game series besides Bioshock and it is just amazing. Whether it's the scenery or the gameplay, Skyrim just has it all.
game-hours: 132.9
review: Yes! Skyrim is fun. And with mods, you have replay ability for DAYZ.
game-hours: 270.3
review: The most amazing, enthralling experience of 2011 and an easy one to lose yourself in for a good few hundred hours. You will not be dissapointed.
game-hours: 109.2
review: This game is very amazing if u want a good game it never ends because of all the side quests. Buy the game and become a Dragonborn.
game-hours: 242.0
review: This game will make you hate your actual life in reality and probably kill yourself as a result. Still recommend. >.>
game-hours: 52.7
review: I highly recommend this game to anybody who loves good graphics modable games and RPG's this is the best you'll find but sometimes the game may have problems with mods and will crash like mine is currently and i can't fix it
game-hours: 337.8
review: I started playing the Elder Scrolls series at Morrowind, a game that sucked away hundreds of hours of my life. Skyrim is a wonderful addition to the series, with beautiful graphics, sounds, and a well-written main storyline. I love the player interactions with the NPCs, the interconnectivity of actions (e.g. if you kill someone with a living relative, that relative will send an assassin after you), and the dragons! For new players, Skyrim offers a nice tutorial as your first quest, giving you time to adjust to the controls and learn how to fight in a controlled environment. Plus, the game levels up your enemies as you grow, so you don't have to worry about dying while you walk around. And while people familiar with the Elder Scrolls already know a lot of the lore, new players will not miss out by not playing previous games. SPOILER ALERT: My one complaint is the game's insistence that a player choose one side in the civil war. During the main quest, you learn that the civil war is a construct by the Thalmor. But you cannot use this knowledge to get either side to stop fighting. And I see the good and bad points of both sides. I would love for Bethesda to put out some DLC that allows players to unite the Empire and the rebels against the Thalmor. In the meantime, I avoid joining either side of the fight.
game-hours: 111.9
review: runke ball
game-hours: 2.4
review: I like
game-hours: 30.2
review: this is one of the b=most boss games ever
game-hours: 380.2
review: I've wasted 300+ hours of my life on this game and i would do it again, even though i feel like bethesda could add more to the game before releasing it, I'm still astounded by the sheer beauty and magnificence of this game on a daily basis. It was the decider for my favorite genre and game company and i eagerly await the next release in the Elder Scrolls series (after ESO) i'm positive that i'll be spending at least a couple hundred more hours in game. 1,000,000/10 would buy again.
game-hours: 99.0
review: Greatest game ever. Mods make the game more amazing. Suggest playing game first before modding. Also best if playing with good gaming computer. You will never get bored playing this game. #Amazing
game-hours: 183.3
review: "Like Skyrim without guns" 5/10 IGN
game-hours: 79.4
review: ye iss good, u ardy heard abot it so i dont need tah tell u agin, is super fun and massive gem. if iss like on sale fer like $15 dollards den jus get it cos iss worth it m8
game-hours: 121.9
review: A great RPG so many possible ways to custimize your Character
game-hours: 59.6
review: I love this game. Every playthrough is a new adventure and this game just doesnt get old.
game-hours: 36.5
review: While it's not the best elder scrolls game i nterms of story, games world or side quests, it is the best looking and has the the best combat mechanics. While the story doesn't follow on, i woulod recommend playing oblivion and morrowind first just to get to grips with the backstory. Morrowind has, by far, the best world out of them all but woeful combat (yes i'm looking at you, cliff racers) and oblivion has cringeworthy faces and voice acting and a rather boring world, but a brilliant storyline. Skyrim offers a good compromise, with a decent, if brief questline, and a gameworld with much more variety than the greenfields with more greenfields and oh look a tree! that oblivion offered.
game-hours: 244.5
review: Dragons, you can kill or tame them if you have dragonborn DLC. Epic game that can easily get adicted to. You can play for 100 hours and still find new stuff
game-hours: 16.3
review: Thumbs up!
game-hours: 898.0
review: A awesome epic game that cannot be missed , it captures your time like no other game can and keeps u coming back for more , its great escapeisum at its best and the mods u can get for the game are outstanding , its a difinate must for any rpg fan
game-hours: 5.7
review: This is a 3rd person/1st person game addable mods . This is a rpg fun mob slaying, qeust playing,kind of game .
game-hours: 68.2
review: Easily one of the greatest games. Would put top priority on anyones list.
game-hours: 11.5
review: Epic
game-hours: 67.0
review: The best way to consume all of your freetime
game-hours: 9.0
review: Amazing, the mods keep the fun going. Becareful with console commands some can screw you over but I highly recommend this game
game-hours: 67.8
review: Its a f***ing Elder Scrolls game. While it may not be perfect, its still pretty fantastic.
game-hours: 14.1
review: This game is amazing. Buy it.
game-hours: 74.8
review: It's like Skyrim with guns! 9.5/10 -OGN
game-hours: 40.1
review: Buy it.
game-hours: 69.6
review: It's like Skyrim but with Skyrim 10/10
game-hours: 68.8
review: i do so enjoy dragonborn
game-hours: 22.6
review: very fun game to play
game-hours: 15.9
review: Lovely game, however I don't have the time to dig myself into the game. Too time consuming.
game-hours: 67.9
review: awesome
game-hours: 790.3
review: Everything you could ever want.
game-hours: 27.3
review: Great game!
game-hours: 227.0
review: Great game one the best RPG bought it almost a year ago and still doing stuff, the graphics, the quests, the mods, Great Game!!
game-hours: 82.5
review: Great game. So much to do.
game-hours: 314.8
review: Ever watch the hauntingly beautiful flight of an arrow as it buries itself in slow motion into the ear of a bandit standing 100 feet away? No? Then play this game.
game-hours: 207.7
review: Love this game to death. If I were stuck on a desert island and I had to chose one thing to entertain me for the rest of my life all I would need is a monitor, a PC, Skyrim, and the steam workshop. A must buy for any RPG fan. Some people do thing the game is a bit dumbed down from the other games but that's easily forgivable due to all the improvments to things like skills, leveling up, races, classes and so much more. You can pore hundreds upon hundreds of hours into this game and it will feel like minutes. And did I mention all the cool mods you can download or "subscribe to". They're all free and some deserve their own game if it is a story mod. I give it a 10/10 for sure.
game-hours: 401.8
review: This game is awesome! hundreds of hours of fun! roleplaying at it's best, the modding community is fantastic and there is so much to do!
game-hours: 161.4
review: This game is absolutely AMAZING!!!!!!. Story: The Story of the game is that you are a Dragonborn or Dovahkin who can use the power of shouting at poeple. Don't worry the shouts are way more cooler. But then you realize that Dragons are coming back to life because of how Alduin The Dragon is reviving them. And if you don't stop him he will eat the world. Yeah, seriously. I give it a A quality for storytellling. Graphics: The Graphics are very good for a game of its time. The game was made in 2011 so it had next gen graphics back then. The Graphics are still buetifal and run well on any PC. Just make sure your computer matches the Minium or Recomended builds at the bottom of the store page. I give it a sight seeing quality. Sounds: I love the music for this game. It may get repetetive after a year or so but I still love them. Well sung and very good instrumental music playing. I give it a Itunes Download quality. DLC: Quicly for people who don't know. Currently their are 4 expansion packs that you can buy. The Dawngaurd DLC whier you can choose to become a vampire hunter or a vampire lord, the Hearthfire DLC whier you can build your own Skyrim castle instead of buying the Breezehome, the Dragonborn DLC whier you can go to the island of Solstheim with more Dragon Slaying (Adds Riding Dragons too!!), and finally the High Resolution DLC whier you just get a high res update. Overall Grade: A, Would Buy Legendary Edition P.S : I recomend beating most of the game first, then starting with mods on the nexus. The mods are amazing for Skyrim after your down with most of the game.
game-hours: 636.1
review: Everything about this game screams quality and adventure. While Bethesda hasn't exactly got a track record for delivering bug-free games at launch, this has been a pleasant, polished and amazing experience so far. A much improved third-person view, amazing music, a living breathing world, a menu-system that's amazing and a game filled with interesting stuff to do. Truly a masterpiece.
game-hours: 37.1
review: I used to have a social life like you, until i took a skyrim to the knee
game-hours: 266.7
review: The best RPG out yet!
game-hours: 330.3
review: Shout Nordic profanity at dragons until they die- 10/10 (+ great multiplayer, beat faze clan like twice)
game-hours: 395.9
review: 300 hours of play so far. Still fun and not even finished yet...
game-hours: 89.5
review: The best game I have ever played
game-hours: 133.5
review: I have had about 400 hours on this (even though steam says 100 odd) and i can say it takes a very long time complete.There is a very good main story and alot of fun side quests.This game has an amazing amount of witch only gets better if you get the dlcs.I would get this game anyway but you may want to wait for a sale as you can pick up VERY cheap.You may also want to check out the ledgendary edition.
game-hours: 522.8
review: Its alright, Skyrim is a pretty cool guy who doesn't afraid of anything.
game-hours: 64.3
review: Good game.
game-hours: 65.7
review: Kill Bandits, Beat up mean ladies, Steal Horses. Best game ever period.
game-hours: 8.8
review: "I used to be an adventurer like you, then I took an arrow in the kne- AAAAAH MY KNEE" I totaly didnt shoot him in the knee
game-hours: 1583.3
review: Skyrim has quickly become my favourite game and a very frequent pass time. I love this game for the ability to do almost anything and to try new RPG builds. The ability to do this is an amazing feeature and I would recommend this game to anyone who loves RPGs and a great immersion experience.
game-hours: 162.0
review: AWESOME!!
game-hours: 84.5
review: Mojang's Skyrim is the best in the series. Thanks notch, for all you do,
game-hours: 328.6
review: Must play game for any gamer once in life!
game-hours: 125.9
review: if you dont have this game.... WHATS WRONG WITH YOU
game-hours: 36.2
review: The Elder Scrolls Series Is all good games, even though skyrim is not the best i perfer it one of the best of the series with its details and interesting quests/missions. Even the dlc was good like the vamprie lord. I haven't played this game much but i know alot about it since i've played it both on console and pc it's very diffrent in my opnion. Skyrim is a good game for fans of the elder scrolls, also The elder scrolls online will be realeased April 4th i didn't pre-purchase it but i've seen videos on it it looks EXACTLY like skyrim but the enimies are easier to defeat/less chanllenging. In Conclusion, Skyrim is a must buy for RPG Fans!
game-hours: 261.7
review: I made all the ladies naked and then my girlfriend got mad. Good game otherwise.
game-hours: 328.6
review: I LOVE THIS GAME
game-hours: 219.2
review: Did you ever dream of being a Dragonborn, A Dovahkiin? No? This is your chance to embody the powerful person that you are not! Buy Skyrim now and explore the elder scrolls: Skyrim to the fullest. Skyrim might just be the best game you will have played in years.
game-hours: 5.5
review: Beautiful/Enjoyable/Soul sucking addictive!
game-hours: 135.8
review: Amazingly vast game and thanks to mods infinitly replayable
game-hours: 501.6
review: The gameplay is great, but the artstyle is just DULL. don't worry about that, beacause you can always pick up a mod to fix it. the modding community is great too, but stay away from the bronies.
game-hours: 65.8
review: This is definitly my favorite game of all time if youve never played this game i highly advise you to give this game a shot you will go hours on end without getting off your computer if this isnt something you want to happen to you then this game is not for you 5/5 stars
game-hours: 480.8
review: "Where do I find a Daedra heart?" "In a Daedra of course." 10/10
game-hours: 122.8
review: This game, with the online version coming out, is just everything i wanted after i played Morrowind and Hearthfire. I loved the improvements from the last games, in terms of graphics, NPC's, getting rid of that follower (I hope. Havent fully completed it) but if you are going to play it, watch out for a LOT of talking. Still a good game, and got a great background and fun too. I love tripping over in the inn in Helgen by accident. I laughed so hard. But im ruining the story. GO BUY IT!
game-hours: 94.2
review: I like it.
game-hours: 98.8
review: The greatest game i have ever played and a must want for any gamer in the world. Absolutely, immensely free-realm gameplay and comepletely immersive as if you are lving a real life in the world of Skyrim.
game-hours: 516.6
review: theres just so much to dooooooooooooo
game-hours: 835.5
review: Can't recommend this game highly enough for all those out there who enjoy RPG and wide open play spaces. Graphics will just blow you away.
game-hours: 416.1
review: changed my mind
game-hours: 48.8
review: When I saw the ragdoll physics of the prisoner sliding across the ground in the opening part, that's when I knew this was a bethesda game. 10/10
game-hours: 295.0
review: The amount of time i spent on this game is ridiculous, if you think about how short the main story is. 'You wanna climb that mountain to talk to the old farts who won't do anything about the civil war going on? Too bad, look at this bandit camp and - oh, there's a cave and you picked up this necklace so go travel through the whole friggin country - again - to talk to someone about it, who you will then proceed to decorate with a pot as a hat so that you can steal all their belongings - including the clothes they wear at this very moment - in order to sell everything you just took right back to them! Yay, you are now rich and an ! ... What were you about to do again?' So yeah. Skyrim > TESO.
game-hours: 121.4
review: Disclaimer *********************************************************************************************************************** This review is my personal point of view, as I have never actually played the first games in the series. So don't start commenting stuff like "No way dude, "Morrowwind" was SO much better!" *********************************************************************************************************************** The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim.... Wow, what a game it is. With a deep story, superb RPG elements and good graphics, you're in for a hell of a ride! "The Elder Scrolls" series has had it's fair share of ups and downs, but this game made Bethesda Studios my #1 choice for game developer! Bethesda, I salute you! As it is a sandbox/open-world game, Skyrim can feel a bit empty at first, with not much to do. But as you get more and more in to the game you discover that it's more than just a massive world. It's an living world, with workers and children and creatures and dragons and monsters, the list just goes on! Some may say that Skyrim is indeed a fantastic game, but it's older brothers are far more superb. With that I cannot argue, as I have never played the first four games. But for me, it is still one of the best RPGs I have ever played! What more is there to say really? Well, here's a list of 6 good things, 6 things that need improvement and 3 things that just really suck! :) (No reasons why, just listing them! ;) ) ********************************************************************************************************************* Spot-on: + Most of the RPG elements (the skill trees and the exploring, for example) + Music and atmosphere of the world + M.S.L (Main Story Line) + Weapon system + Side quests + Overall feeling of the game Needs a bit of work: = Combat system = A few of the RPG elements (enchanting for example) = Voice acting and variations of voices over all = Animations (a bit less clunky) = Saving system = Selling/Buying mechanic (according to me ;) ) Really sucks!: - Enemy, NPC and Ally AI (It's freaking terrible!) - Lipsyncing (Sometimes) - Fire effects (Just looks cheap) So, what is my final rating? With many spot-on mechanics and some flaws, Skyrim is not yet at 10/10, but damn near it, so, my final rating is a 9.5/10!
game-hours: 66.4
review: Much better than Elder Scrolls Online. Hoping there will be a sequel with such quality following.
game-hours: 113.8
review: This game ruined my life, i never came outside, wake up at 6 every morning to play skyrim, even completing the game wasnt the end, then theres the mods, (mostly played offline, hours now is the time i played with mods)
game-hours: 61.1
review: Kuhles Spill
game-hours: 565.6
review: Not a very well-known title, but it's definitely worth giving it a shot! Indie developer Bethesda really knocked it out of the park on this one
game-hours: 95.8
review: What?
game-hours: 145.7
review: So very glad I caught this on sale. I had played it on the PS3, but playing it again on Steam is like a new game. It still manages to be amazing, even after a few years. Highly reccomended!
game-hours: 719.3
review: To be honest, it's one of the greatest game ever made, totally worth the price, Bethesda did it again, congrats to them.
game-hours: 84.4
review: MOD IT UNTIL IT CRASHES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 264.8
review: It's an amazing RPG with and very open world and has more things to do in it than i can count. A few minor glitches set it back but by very little. You can also mod the game to your hearts content. So buy this game. 9001/10
game-hours: 20.5
review: Awesome single-player action RPG.
game-hours: 441.8
review: I liked this.
game-hours: 1204.0
review: Consider my playtime on this game - most would call me a fanatic. But the simple truth is that the majority of my playtime was not recorded until I was able to link my selection of mods with Steam. Skyrim is an like a Sketch of a masterpeice by a toddler, a crayon scribble with boundless effort and ethusiasm, but very little actual substance. Where Morrowind succeeds in telling a great story, Skyrim fails, yet it's everything Morrowind needed as technological improvements for total immersion. Skyrim with it's arcade style gameplay (levelling up by using abilities) allows the player to control the pacing - yet With Mods, it can both excel and surpass even the deepest of Immersive games like Metro 2033, and improve the combat mechanics to the level of Jedi outcast. The most important mods I can recommend for this game, that has allowed for so much replay would be. Interesting NPC's - 300 NPC's with interesting, funny, lore based dialgue. There's even a regular Joe who asks who you, the player are, If you reply Dragonborn, he interviews you. Start a new Life - Allows the player to skip the Intro sequence and ignore the Dragonborn quests if you want to Roleplay, allows hundreds of back stories, starting locations and items. Want to become a Hunter in the wilds? Want to become a Forsword and learn their culture? Or want to become a Vampire's Thrall? Stacks with Interesting NPC's incredibly fluidly. Sneak tools - Allows the crafting and use of Water and Fire Arrows - Incorporates the ability to light and put out candles with magic and enviromental effects. A total atmosphere changer during combat. There are many more but you need only install the highest endorsed by the community pages of Nexus and Skyrim workshop Lastly - If you've gotten bored of Skyrim. - another recommendation 1 Find and Load - a Save game with 100% Skyrim completion & try out the DLC's for Skyrim fresh?
game-hours: 514.2
review: Stole a kid's sweet role. 10/10 would buy again
game-hours: 128.1
review: Very fun game to play if you want fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play. 10/10 would sell drugs to kids again.
game-hours: 47.0
review: This game is one of the best games to play on PC as you can use the Steam Workshop or the Skyrim Nexus to add mods into your game to improve and change your game
game-hours: 727.5
review: Since I got this game I've played it quite a lot, and I must say I still enjoy playing it a bit, every now and then ... But only a bit of play at a time :P It is one of the best games I've played so far, and it's fantastic modding community keeps it alive and breathing. I've even made a mod myself! :) Though it has it's flaws (the so-called Elder Scrolls Bugs, or ... Whatever it is they call it :P) I highly recommend everyone to try it out!
game-hours: 36.5
review: Made a girl with big boobs. Made her wear ty armor. Kill dragons. 10/10 Would play again.
game-hours: 94.1
review: Reviewed this game for the steam badge
game-hours: 255.5
review: After killing the bride Vittoria Vici with a big rock - I was the new fiance of Asgeir Snow-Shod. And he was very happy about it! Not only a game - it was a very exciting and heroic adventure especially the second time! One of the best games ever! 10/10
game-hours: 191.8
review: good fantasy game with a good main story but even if the main vases vases Pib get tired you can do side quests like to join a guild to kill someone or zvate hunt for fun but now the game has bags like that you piece-figure Bugno the rocks or that it will kill an animal but otherwise very good game! I recommend
game-hours: 85.0
review: Where do I start with this game? Well for one, the game world is ing GIGANTIC and very immersive, the combat is a step up from Oblivion, it feels much less stiff. Third person mode is actually playable now, (Thank GOD) and there is just SO much to do, exploring caves and ruins, killing dragons, finding dragon priest masks, finding dragon shouts, getting better loot, it's almost over whelming. This game is bursting with content and there are many ways to play the game and many paths to take, I highly recommend you get the legendary edition for even more content, story and even an entirely new region, this game is an example of how you SHOULD do DLC. I seriously could not recommend this game more, buy it now. DRAGONS M8 I R8 8/8
game-hours: 441.7
review: FUS RO DAH! Thats all there is to it.
game-hours: 123.9
review: Anybody enjoy running around and killing deers/wolves with a bow and arrow?.. am I playing the right game?
game-hours: 38.8
review: lekker gampje hoor echt tof gewoon
game-hours: 103.1
review: So much opened space with great landscapes.
game-hours: 244.0
review: Just need to play in this game.
game-hours: 245.6
review: Stole a sweet roll and got arrested 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 379.1
review: Words cannot describe how much content does this game have, and the modding community, OH the modding community!
game-hours: 64.0
review: Great game, many fun, much cool! I love this game! NEEDS TO LET U HAVE MULTIPLE CHARACTERS SO ONE OF YOUR CHARACTERS CAN BE A MAGE AND OUTHER ONE CAN BE A WARRIOR! PLZ ADD THIS!
game-hours: 133.5
review: Pros: Customization, Gameplay, Replayability, Graphics, and Size. Cons: Nothing. BUY IT!
game-hours: 208.1
review: Best RPG ever! U can do what ever you want...and most important you can do unlimited quests which generate over and over 'till next elder scroll title arrives. So yeah, I recommend it to all of you!
game-hours: 473.2
review: It is amazing
game-hours: 50.7
review: This game is AMAZING beyond belief why did in never play this earlier.
game-hours: 130.3
review: Buy this game. If you're interested enough to start looking at reviews, especially poorly written player reviews on Steam, then you need to be playing this, right now. I have barely scratched the surface of Skyrim, being currently only 16 hours into it, yet I have already experienced some of the most immersive and memorable moments in this game, from all of my 30 years of gaming. Leaving the warmth of the inn at Riverwood in the dead of night, to venture up the steep ascent towards Bleak Falls Barrow, barely able to make out the mountain path in the dim light, as dawn breaks and the first snow of the day starts to fall. The sound of gravel underfoot replaced with the crisp crunch of fresh snow. The silhouette of a dark tower up ahead, flames of a torch illuminating not only a doorway, looking invitingly warm and welcoming, but also a bandit at it's entrance; I draw my sword... Sure, combat is basic, with left and right mouse buttons corresponding to using left or right hand weapons, shields or spells respectively, but I find each battle to be exciting, gritty and immersive (especially when choosing first person view over the third person perspective). Stats are simplified, although I found this to be a welcome break, coming from Dragon Age: Origins; who needs to know a character's Dexterity, Willpower or Cunning, or a hundred different stats about a shield? Weight, Armour and what it's worth. Sorted. (As much as I prefer my first play through of any game to be the 'vanilla' experience, I would encourage players to download the SkyUI mod, which massively improves the inventory screens and user interface of Skyrim). Simplifying certain elements has helped maintain focus on the player experience, and what an experience. From the superb soundtrack that accompanies your journey; the ambient sounds of every location, from the whistling winds of the plains and those distant howls that soon become a visible threat and inevitable fight with wolves, to the groans of underground temples and the echo of your sword being drawn. To the wonderfully detailed graphics, changing light and shade with the day/night cycle, and weather effects warning of an impending storm. I could go on but there is too much to cover. A morning walk taking in the atmospheric graphics and picking herbs and flowers that can later be used to craft potions; aquiring a bow and arrows, and hunting deer for food, or hide that can be used to craft leather armour; getting caught stealing and having to break out of prison; paying off guards to clear the bounty a village has on your head; or simply getting on with the main quest, and the experience that is Skyrim.
game-hours: 169.6
review: You should know how good this game is by now, Bethesda; Rpg; Mods; Modding in : BUY IT!!!
game-hours: 108.8
review: I'm just going to assume you already know that Skyrim is awesome. I'll assume you got it for your 360 and already know the nuts and bolts, so I'm going to get to what truly matters: MODS. Yessirreebob, this is what will justify buying the game all over again. It can be modded to the point where it is absolutely fundamentally different and unquestionably better than vanilla. It will look prettier, run faster, hit harder, freeze colder, burn hotter, cut deeper, and crash almost all the time. This is one of the four basic PC Gaming food groups. No questions asked.
game-hours: 42.8
review: Killed a chicken, got chased by guards, then watched them all die as they fought a dragon. 11/10
game-hours: 174.8
review: HOLY  THIS GAME IS SO AWESOME WTF OMG FUX YEA
game-hours: 1080.3
review: 10/10 waifu simulator, would waifu again
game-hours: 282.9
review: Beautiful. The game is several years old but remains the best game I've ever played. DLC storyline is a bit weak, but mods make its replay value incredible.
game-hours: 3.0
review: amazing
game-hours: 129.7
review: Skyrim was and still is amazing. Tired of Fps? Here you go , a nice step back in time were you can kill some mythical creature with a multiude of weapons or spells. You will have plenty hours of fun becuase there are a large number of side missions that can be started anytime you want. Then once you find yourself bored of the game download a ton of mods that will make the game even better .
game-hours: 197.9
review: Zajebista gra RPG mona w ni gra godzinami, bardzo dua mapa pikna grafika, duo umiejtnoci do rozwinicia, bardzo duo lokacji do odkrycia i wiele misji do ukoczenia. Polecam! (Jedna z moich ulubionych gier)
game-hours: 239.9
review: 10/10, Game of the Year. I don't care which year. All of them. This game is by far, without a doubt, my favourite game of all time. It's immersion is unmatched, the story is amazing, the graphics on PC are absolutely stunning. It's one of the most actively modded games around if not the single most modded. If you're thinking about buying it, do it now, you won't regret it. It's so cheap for what you get in return. Best game I've ever played. Wish I had bought it before, but from 11/11/11 until the recent sale, I've played it for thousands of hours...outside of steam.
game-hours: 20.2
review: This a great game and it will nevr die away.
game-hours: 491.0
review: g
game-hours: 150.6
review: Even after countless hours of gameplay and lord knows how many different mods, Skyrim still manages to offer more adventure and a little something new every time. This is a great game for anyone who chooses to follow the storyline first or someone like me who never does the storyline and just runs around doing everything else and killing anything you see. I love this game and I dont think I will ever actually stop playing it :D
game-hours: 45.5
review: One of the greatest games of the 7th generation and an all time classic. Countless hours of exploration and fun awaits.
game-hours: 521.7
review: The sequel we all hoped for. Set in the beautiful, frozen, frigid north lands, in the same world as previous titles Morrowind and Oblivion. The player takes the role of a hero known as the Dragonborn, a warrior with the body of a mortal but the soul of a dragon, whose destiny it is to destroy a great evil! That being said the game lends it's self to moral ambiguity quite well. The player being able kill or help pretty much whoever he wishes, with your actions actually having an impact as you mold the world around you with your decision or indecision - this is of course the holy grail of any open world fantasy epic. A hardcore RPG'er won't enjoy that turning down missions your charcter wouldn't take on his chosen path of morality can cause you to miss out on some fun parts of the game. but hey! maybe try a second play through as a 'bad guy!' Skyrim really ticks almost all of the RPG boxes, Want to fight Dragons? Demons? Join a clan of Wearwolves? maybe your prefer Vampires? No problem! You want to be a career criminal? Assasin? Hunter? Get married and build your own house? It's literally all in here. With over 400 hours of game time so far I am still finding new areas, quests and things to explore. Throw the workshop Mods into the mix and this is a must have game that I believe will come to be regarded as a classic.
game-hours: 59.8
review: Do I really have to say why this is one of the best rpg ever ?
game-hours: 80.1
review: This game is entertaining from the very beginning. Not only do I have this game for the Xbox, I have it for my PC and both are awesome. I am obsessed with this game and it kind of makes me sad because of me wanting to play my other games but I can't because I cant stop playing this one. This game is very fun and very addictive, prepare to starve because you don't want to stop playing. 10/10
game-hours: 278.3
review: This is an amazing game and I could reccomend it to any fan of the RPG genre. The character customization is amazingly good, as is the gameplay. You have a large veriety of weapons and skills to use. Not a fan of melee weapons? Use magic. That sword to weak for you? Warhammer. This game allows you to choose the paths you walk, you decide your life. Tons of different dialog options that get unique reactions from the NPCs, each one with their own personality and things to say. There are multiple different factions too. The Companions, who are noble fighters. The Thieves Guild, a bunch of thieves who have a surprisingly complex storyline. The Dark Brotherhood, a group of assassins... And many more. This game has hundreds, maybe even thousands of hours worth playing. And the DLC only makes it better somehow. Although the games has its flaws and occasional bugs, its well worth the money and you should definetally spend time playing it.
game-hours: 167.0
review: Skyrim, the land were you can steal chesse from a vampire.
game-hours: 802.6
review: I never thought a game could be so beautiful. I run around with my adoptive children and pick flowers.
game-hours: 1354.5
review: Amazing
game-hours: 38.3
review: Top 5 things to do in skyrim: *5*slay dragons *4*use cool spells *3*EPIC "kill" animation *2*be a vampire and join the "darkness"(Required the "DAWNGUARD" DLC) *1*YOU CAN BE A WEREWOLF!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! as fact i give this game 101/10 (WEREWOLVES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!) ***u can howl as werewolf in this game***
game-hours: 878.6
review: Still the best game of its type. The greatest thing is the support and mods you can get for this game. The devs could and should do more, missed oppertunity for them but the current DLC`s are good but they could have added so much more. Cannot understand why anyone would play this on anything other than a PC due to the mods that add so much, but be warned you do need a mod manager, Wrye Bash and SKSE to fully load some great mods. To which can be found on Nexus and allow for a better configuration with little or no problems. I am still amazed when I check back to see what mods have been released or to re-fresh old mods, its just gets better and better, its the only game I am more than happy to re-play over and over from the start as each setup can change the game so much and gives a complete, total experiance each and every time I play. 10/10 I you are wondering just how many mods I run, its around 160 mods
game-hours: 409.9
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 66.0
review: This game doesn't end, figuratively and literally.
game-hours: 193.7
review: This is exactly what RPG fans are looking for. The world is vast and intricate, there's a lot of characters you'll remember and the leveling system really focuses on what you want to do as you do it. It's by far one of the best and most addictive games ever.
game-hours: 140.5
review: What can I say honstly? It's one of the better RPGs of this generation. I don't know how much longer we will get it's like. It's not dumbed down, it just flows nicely. But it's massive...and that kinda rules.
game-hours: 132.9
review: Fus Ro Game-of -the-year-2011-you-should-get-this
game-hours: 567.5
review: 400 hours played. 'Nuff said...
game-hours: 1068.0
review: You'll never get bored of this game , been playing it for like 74466687 hours (not on steam doe) and dayum, you gotta try it out. best game eva
game-hours: 383.3
review: very fun game
game-hours: 454.5
review: I kinda HAVE to recommend this one. I mean, it's not like I haven't played it enough not to. :P So yeah, a little obsessed, maybe? WELL, YOU SHOULD BE TOO.
game-hours: 103.9
review: An amazing FPS RPG game with a very immersive world full of chaos and peacefullness. some time i just like to sit and stare at the scenery ignoring quests just to admire the landscape 10/10
game-hours: 44.6
review: 10/10 would FUS RO DAH again.
game-hours: 675.9
review: Game is eating my life..... Still worth it.
game-hours: 98.7
review: The best game ever!
game-hours: 131.6
review: This is my heroin. 9,5/10.
game-hours: 1143.4
review: GAS THE THALMOR RACEWAR NOW ULFRIC WAS RIGHT
game-hours: 88.4
review: fun
game-hours: 40.7
review: By far one of my favorite games of all time. I can't stop playing. The graphics are amazing, it doesn't require too beefy of a computer, and the world is full of life in its huge environment. Don't feel like being a good guy? Beat the living  out of the guards and blow away citizens with your fire magic. Feel like doing good in the world? Go ahead.
game-hours: 407.2
review: Most immersive and content rich game on the market today. Definately better than having a girlfriend, and cheaper too.
game-hours: 249.1
review: my favorite game of the year, and every year since I've had it. Skyrim is the best open world game I've ever played. 10/10
game-hours: 347.3
review: This game is great. Worth buying for any fan of RPG games.
game-hours: 13.5
review: Number one!
game-hours: 13.0
review: if it wont start on youre pc try removing some addons it helped me
game-hours: 139.6
review: Skyrim is one of the best games ive played, ive been a fan of the elder scrolls since Morrowind and every game they bring out seems to be more bigger than the other, iam always blown away.
game-hours: 453.9
review: It's kind of like dust II but different.
game-hours: 236.4
review: This game is better than gold...
game-hours: 22.6
review: !!!     !!!    !!!!!
game-hours: 405.7
review: its good, what else can i say? its worth getting the Ultimate Pack with all the DLC, um..... thats it realy
game-hours: 627.5
review: Skyrim is definitly on my list of best rpg games of the modern era. This roleplaying game has a very compelling story and is great to play when you feel like you want to become a great legend. Plus who doesn't like "Fus ro dah"-ing someone off a cliff?
game-hours: 156.3
review: So lets get this review out of the way, is this a good game for fans just starting to get into RPG's, the answer is.....H*** yes. With a beautifully created world and modding support, the game is virtually endless, though lacking many elements that could have made it a proper RPG, it is extremly easy to learn and get an intro into the RPG Genre, I found flaws in it though, which made it dissapointing. The Flaws: The crafting and selling system is largely un RP and is just simplified into selling or buying, making or selling good gear, I am of the oppinion that if they put in a style of reputation system (such as WoW) where you need to be a certain rep to buy things, that would have been perfect, or slightly more RP. Also, Skyrim doesn't seem too wartorn, now with mods, several of them create large warbands, but without them, the world is quite dull for a country at war. And third, the sheer amount of glitches at release was staggering, but with many mods and patches, these are finally under control and shouldn't break gameplay too much. My Final Recommendation Beautiful vistas, mountains, and rivers flowing with fish make this game amazing, f*** off consols, after comparing console graphics with my PC, I then packed my Xbox360 with C4 and well, you can guess :) In other words, though gameplay and realism is slightly lacking, it is great for a newbie and casual gamer to enter into the RPG genre.
game-hours: 311.0
review: This game is one of the best RPGs I played. When I first played skyrim, the assasin path was just for me. However there is one thing I would improve : the stealth system. It seems that just "crouching" and sneaking isn't good enough. But I can live past that minor fail :D I would gladly recommend this game for all RPG loving people.
game-hours: 181.9
review: awsome source
game-hours: 131.9
review: skyrim is one of the best RPG games out there.
game-hours: 99.3
review: Could play forever with all of the mods that there are, not to mention the base game itself has thousands of quests/ things to do... 10/10
game-hours: 115.0
review: This Game really does deserve a 10/10. And 10/10 does not mean "ZOMG BEST *profanity here* GAME EVER, GOOD LAWD MY EYES ARE MELTING." By 10/10, I mean that this game has everything that you want in an open world, fantasy, rpg game. +well developed AI dialogue +well written stories +quests and a backstory behind every unique NPC +realtime development within game outside of your experiences (e.g. family, guilds, quests that are about to involve you.) +change within dialogue according to player's decisions +good combat system +great crafting system +great level up system +great graphics +good AI programming +wide and varying land. *if you're complaining that Skyrim looks bland, boring and same everywhere to you, I'm betting $10 that you exclusively travel via fast travel. Shame on you. and finally +there's a well written political strife involved within the civil conflict of Skyrim: so factions. Right now, this game is a steal for $30. Even for it's opening retail price, it is one of the best games out there in the market right now. Whether you like by the book rpg games or unique rpgs with a strange twist such as sci fi, Skyrim is a great game for anybody looking for a game that is quite possibly the most immersive fantasy adventure experience. And this is coming from a cat. So you can trust me.
game-hours: 111.8
review: Ahh, Skyrim. This game was more than a game, it was honestly an experience. When I first played it back in 2011 when it was released, it blew my mind away with how amazing every second of gameplay was. I first played the Elder Scrolls in 2010 in Oblivion, and that was one of the best decisions in gaming I had ever made. Seriously, if you haven't played Skyrim, let alone the Elder Scrolls series, you owe it to yourself to play it. It is more than just a game..
game-hours: 1116.1
review: Compratelo, compratelo, COMPRATELO!
game-hours: 151.1
review: Facemelting epicness <3 A game that never ends and never gets old
game-hours: 243.1
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is definitely one of my favourite games. I love open world games, especially the elder scrolls series, and skyrim has one of the best worlds that I've seen. Although the DLC does add some great content, Skyrim is excellent on its own, and I would strongly recomend it to everyone.
game-hours: 28.7
review: Don't play this game. If you want time to make something else. I warn you. Really warn you.
game-hours: 137.4
review: Killed a crab. Dramatic music plays. 10/10
game-hours: 28.1
review: Brilliant game, spent many hours of fun on... Made even better by this mod I found :')
game-hours: 328.3
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim has taken away DAYS of my life. With so many characters to interact with, and most of them giving quests, the game is hard to get bored of. The province of Skyrim is a vast land waiting for you to explore every last corner, find every last septim, and kill every last dragon. As a role playing game it is fantastic, with a major questline for each player to purchase it. For example, if you want to be a hero then join either the Companions or the College of Winterhold, but it doesn't stop there, if you want to use combat join the Companions. For magic, join the College. You also have the standard 10 Elder Scrolls races (Argonian, Altmer, Breton, Dunmer, Imperial, Khajiit, Nord, Orc, Redguard, and Bosmer) that each have different starting stats and abilities. The combat in Skyrim isn't the best. The weapons are varied and can fit different playing styles, but when you hit something it just seems like you're wacking something with a sword until it falls over and dies. You can't tell that your even hurting it without it's health bar, but it's not the worst combat. Finally, the story. For me, the story was definitely NOT the best part of the game. It was pretty simple, basically you're the "chosen one" and you go on an adventure where more people tell you that you're the chosen one, and then for some reason you need to find an Elder Scroll, and then more boring stuff. This was why I stayed away from the main questline. Overall Skyrim is fantastic and definitely is worth your time. I give it a 4.7/5
game-hours: 7.4
review: Skyrim is an amazing game, There is so much to do and the story in my opinion is great. If you like medieval games, then Skyrim is the perfect game.
game-hours: 72.9
review: Best Open World Game on the market.
game-hours: 103.3
review: Amazing Game But Ever Since I Switched From Xbox 360 To PC I Need Mods To Enjoy The Game.
game-hours: 90.6
review: one of the best elder scrolls ive played
game-hours: 58.1
review: Amazing game 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 44.6
review: One of the best RPG open world of all time!
game-hours: 175.1
review: If you needed another recommendation in order to go buy Skyrim, here's one: The Elder Scrolls series of games are the best fantasy roleplaying games on the market. Period. The free-form nature of play, the deep and fleshed-out lore, the top-tier graphics, Skyrim is a fitting continuation of the Elder Scrolls legacy. It's a game you can sink more hours than would seem possible into.
game-hours: 96.3
review: )
game-hours: 106.2
review: The best Role-Play Game ever! Great voice acting,awesome story line. Like myths and dragons? Then play it! ;)
game-hours: 38.1
review: It's like a patato. A really ing good patato
game-hours: 75.0
review: This game has everything that the hype said it would beautiful graphics, compelling story, cool ways to kill people, and interesting human dynamics to observe. I love this game, and am excited each and every time I get to play it.
game-hours: 251.4
review: Not really sure what to say about this one; if you play it straight out of the metaphorical box, it's a  game. However, if you mod the everloving balls of of it, it becomes a somewhat passable game. Fortunately, doing so is really easy. In summation, don't play vanilla Skyrim. If you do, you're doing it wrong.
game-hours: 51.8
review: One of the best games made in the past 10 years I would have to say, and with the further option of mods to expand your gameplay or change it completly makes this a must have game in any collection.
game-hours: 35.9
review: Great game, definitely a must have for anyone's library.
game-hours: 21.9
review: Es ist einfach eins der geilsten games, das ich jemals gespielt hab. man kann es so sehen: ich liebe open-world-Games. Ich liebe Games mit action und richtig epischen finishing-Moves. packt man dies beides zsm, erhlt man: Skyrim V Elder Scrolls. Man versetzt sich in die rolle, versucht alles um den persnlichen Charakter auf das hchste zu leveln und kann zu dem noch entscheiden, in was man leveln mchte, wie zB einhndig, Zweihndig oder bogen oder magie oder oder oder. Es gibt gefhlt tausende mglichkeiten... Ich empfele dieses Spiel jedem der: -Phantasy liebt -Gerne in der Welt rum luft -jedem der gerne seinen charakter aufs beste bringen mchte -und NATRLICH jedem der schon immer einen drachen reitern wollte :D
game-hours: 188.0
review: Really good game! Highly recommended!!!
game-hours: 17.8
review: Despite running the game at a horrible maximum of 20FPS I get to kill flying chairs at 4K. 10/10 would mod until it crashes, then fix the crashes with mods.
game-hours: 130.0
review: ,   ,  ,  ,        ,   ,      ,    .   *,   50 ,       :)   -  ,      ,         .
game-hours: 8.0
review: Like Fallout with swords
game-hours: 174.7
review: This is the best game I have ever played. It is very epic and totally open world. If you want to get a good game heres your soulution.
game-hours: 68.7
review: very very very goodgame
game-hours: 14.1
review: omg... this is cool!!!!!!!!!1 hey u! try this game!!! this is real RPGgame
game-hours: 80.5
review: social life destorying, life ruining , time wasting game of the year doesnt matter still yelled at dragons till it dies 10/10
game-hours: 460.9
review: Where do I start with game? Well, the beginning is usually good. Skyrim is an amazing game. I have over 400 hours on pc and over 1000 on xbox, and I haven't even nearly completed all the story lines or discovered all locations on both. The massive variety of mods allow almost an infinite number of hours. with countless extra story lines, graphics and textures mods, follower mods, or mods that make you go "What the f*ck", such as the infamous "Thomas the Tank engine"mod. With different playstyles available such as SneakMage or Spellsword, it's completely up to you. make your own. Make it work. You want to main lockpicking and illusion? DO IT. If you enjoy the game, which i believe firmly that you will, then you don't need much more. Combat is fun, allowing for different strategies depending on what weapons you use. In a nutshell, Skyrim is a giant playground, waiting to be populated with dead dragons and various corpses. Now, onto the other side....nothing is perfect. Despite there being mods, i am reviewing modless Skyrim, dlc included. I felt rather at a loss when assaulting the capital cities of the Empire and the Stormcloak, because i just didn't feel i was in a giant battle, stepping back, i could see no more than 15 npcs, Stormcloaks and Empire alike. It just wasn't enough. i was expecting a giant battle of over 100 friends and foes slaughtering each other. but i was left with something so scripted, you could mistake it for a Wrestling match. *Caution, possible spoilers ahead* The final battle with Alduin is, frankly, terrible. Your destiny as the Dragonborn is to defeat Alduin, but why you have 3 immortal Nords who are gifted in the way of the voice helping you is beyond me. The fight is effectively the same as fighting any other dragon. Dragonrend, hack away with your sword, axe, whatever, wait until he flies off and repeat. Aside from some disappointing combat experiences, the odd bug and Lydia, this is a game which you shouldn't go without playing. 98/100
game-hours: 162.6
review: if (game.getProducer().equals("BETHESDA") && game.getGameSaga().equals("ELDERSCROLLS")) { youMustBuy = true; }
game-hours: 111.5
review: A must have game for all open world RPG fans, fantasy fans and even for your girlfriends. They can decorate houses, adopt kids n' stuff (WARNING: Hearthfire (3,3 - 4,99) and a girlfriend (???) is needed). All the quest lines were different, original and not repetitive. Sure you will face some minor glitches and bugs but there are no big deal at all and they shloud not affect your gameplay experience. "M'aiq is tired now. You go bother somebody else" PS: The people of Skyrim are more open-minded about certain things than people in other places which means SAME-SEX MARRIAGE IS POSSIBLE in Skyrim!
game-hours: 223.4
review: the best rpg game ever made
game-hours: 152.3
review: Gone through numerous playthroughs, first as a nord, then a few more as a Nord, played as an Imperial for the gold, played as a few mod races, and now a Khajiit. Seriously despised my first playthrough because I made the stupid decision to use console commands all the way through (Skipping quests, godmode, noclipping, and adding gold) Then I got into it on my other playthroughs and only played one main quest each month or week because it was very short and had an anti-climactic boss battle at the end. Side quests and storylines were far better and when I got bored, I'd either start an entirely new game or install some more mods. 10/10- MLGrates
game-hours: 706.2
review: Mighty Talos commands you to buy it. Do it!!
game-hours: 40.2
review: great game! Lots to do with tons of mods. Money well spent if you are into rpgs.
game-hours: 330.2
review: You have two choices. Your first choice is to turn off your computer, go outside and live a normal life while pretending you have never heard nor seen this game before. Your second choice is to become socially dead to the real world, and begin new life as a chicken-slaying monster in some snow. If you chose the latter, there is no going back.
game-hours: 101.4
review: I can't say enough about Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim. I never played any of the other ES games, but Skyrim is definitely a masterfully made game. Tonnes of default content, and lots of fun to play and explore. Definitely get it.
game-hours: 100.2
review: OMG THIS IS THE BEST GAME EVER!!!!! IM SO ATTACHED
game-hours: 58.3
review: My first playthrough of Skyrim was on the 360, where I played the story of the game to completion. There is a reason for me saying this right off the bat. I'm saying it so you can understand what I mean when I say the PC experience is so much more different than the console version. And it's not because of the usual suspects one considers when thinking of a PC release. Sure the graphics can be set to higher quality and the game loads somewhat faster, but these are really only the most superficial differences. The major difference in Skyrim on the PC and Skyrim on a console is you. By that I mean the collective "you", the Modders and the community around popular and upcoming mods like Skywind and Skyblivion, all enabled by the versatility of the Creation engine developed by Bethesda. I can't wait to see what lies ahead for the inevitable new Fallout running on this engine. This also poses a problem, that being you may find yourself spending most of your time adding and making sure mods are working and cooperating with one another, than actually playing. Just try to actually play the game once in a while and smell the roses.
game-hours: 27.7
review: I used to be an adventurer like you, but then I took an arrow to the knee.
game-hours: 72.1
review: Well, I don't have to tell a lot about Skyrim. The quests and stories are good, the scenery is beautiful, I like the combat system. And with HDmods (or just the Hi-Res DLC) the game looks stunning as well. It is one of my favourite games at the moment. There are only a few things that can be improved, but most of them can be fixed by mods. My rating for the game: 8/10
game-hours: 0.5
review: Fanfreaking Tastic!!
game-hours: 117.2
review: Skyrim is so much fun...
game-hours: 13.0
review: Skyrim... What can i say about this masterpiece? Okay i got an idea adventure,bows,spiders,bears,swords,2handedswords,opswords,graphics r amazin,story,consolecommands,marriage,finally YOOOOUUUUU ARRRREEEEE THEEEEEE DRAAAAGOOOOONNNNNBOOOOOOOORRNNNNNNNN,and a wizard C:
game-hours: 289.2
review: HANDS DOWN ONE OF THE BEST GAMES OF ALL TIME! The lore, the world, the gear!!! This game is amazing! You can spend hundreds and hundreds of hours in this game, with the same save, and still find dozens of new NPC's, dungeons and miscellaneous quests! The combat is fun and satisfying. The voice acting can tend to get a little dull at times seeing as pretty much everyone is voice acted by this same small amount of people. The in game secrets, references, and easter eggs are brilliant. Especially the Three Billy Goats Gruff easter egg. There are dozens of books to read which add plenty of extra lore and history to the game's continents and world called Nirn. Skyrim is an amazing province, with its massive mountains, swamps, grasslands and so on. The DlC's are also brilliant! Adding dozens to hundreds of hours of extra gameplay! The worst parts about the game has probably got to be the common quest glitches, which stop you from starting or proceeding in a quest. Some quests also don't have quest markers at times. The levelling up also takes hours. 215 hours and I'm level 62. Its gonna take a while to reach level 80. Anyway, this game is brilliant and a must own. BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY
game-hours: 25.5
review: The most epic game ever! If you have not lived the life of Dragonborn, you know nothing
game-hours: 567.8
review: The game was very injoyable even from the start you have an feel of adventure and whant explore the entire world even the places that dont involve any quest.
game-hours: 61.4
review: Best RPG game today! Take a look on the modding commuity, sure you will find something u like
game-hours: 161.9
review: <3
game-hours: 240.6
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is my favourite rpg. I spent 200+ hours in this game beacuse it's so awesome! PROS: - Graphics - Amazing views and places - Many weapons and armors - Many Spells and shouts - Many quests and enemies - Nice combat system - Many classes to choose: Mage, Battle-Mage, Rouge, etc. - Many character customizaton options - Soundtrack - Mods from steam community CONS: - GUARDS ffs - Animals sometimes bugging I played on PS3 too and in my opinion it's 10x better on PC Buy it if you have the money!
game-hours: 76.3
review: 5th playthrough, decide to play a boring warrior. Find the ebony blade at level 25. It wants me to kill my friends. I oblige. Every friend I kill gives it more power. I fill up the basement. Tell the kids to not go down there. I continue the quest to rid the world of the scourge of alduin and every night I fall asleep whispering that they were a neccessary sacrifice. Go to a lan irl. My friends want to see what the dlcs add. I show them my house, let them paly. They wander into the basement. They freak out. Start judging me. Hurling insults. My ebony toothbrush tells me to kill them. I oblige. 11/10 who needs friends anyway when you have Skyrim?
game-hours: 202.9
review: Really cool game its a huge improvement from oblivion and its even better with mods :) .i hope elderscrolls vi will have extreme graphics.
game-hours: 79.3
review: This game if absolutely amazing, sadly my game laggs and has bad framerate because I have a bad graphics card. Make sure you get a good one befor playing.
game-hours: 112.5
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is one of the best open world fantasy adventure games you could get. The rich storyline keeps you busy for several hours and others, such as side quests or DLC for hundreds more. The Steam Workshop is filled with thousands of mods just for this game which adds more fun to the game and you never lose interest because there is always something new to add into the game. For three years this game changed the way people see open world and adventure games forever and it still continues to be one of the best in its genre and against other competitors in the gaming industry. Would definitely play hundreds of hours more! Rate: 10/10 =eGO= DeMIZe
game-hours: 355.8
review: Come on, it's Skyrim. You don't need me to tell me how awesome it is.
game-hours: 68.0
review: OMG, if you havent played this game, then you dont know what your missing....
game-hours: 15.4
review: I absoulutely love Skyrim. I love it so much I own it on both console and PC. It is so easy to get immersed and you can look back at your progress and feel acomplished. The lore is so rich and relevant in the Elder Scrolls series that everything that is said, or anything you read has importance and value attatched to it. I feel those connections is what makes Skyrim a model game to be compared with every new RPG to come.
game-hours: 316.4
review: Great game, even better when modded out from workshop or nexusmods.
game-hours: 83.2
review: Dragons......
game-hours: 116.7
review: One of the best games i've played. The fun never ends and you will never get bored.
game-hours: 49.0
review: This game is amazing. Much detail. Much fun. Much of life wasted. Much content in DLC.
game-hours: 70.3
review: Great game before and afeter modding the Sh*t outta it
game-hours: 151.3
review: Eh pretty fun game kill dragons and doesnt be fraid of anything
game-hours: 428.7
review: (   )
game-hours: 584.6
review: love it so much that I don't want to stop playing. 5 stars out of 5
game-hours: 98.0
review: So good it will ruin your life
game-hours: 65.3
review: "My friends are all out playing DayZ, and what do I get? Skyrim Duty" This has to be one of my favourite ever games, although I admit my playing hours do not back that up so much. None the less Skyrim is nothing less then brilliant. I've never really understood the meaning of immersion until I played this game, the sandbox freedom coupled with the sheer beauty of the landscape, the lore that follows the series is incredibly detailed and just enhances the entire experience. The quests are incredibly varied, though the dungeons do become a little repetitive at times, and as good as the voice acting is, the AI do repeat themselves a lot throughout the game. A friend of mine recently introduced me into the realm of modding Skyrim textures and it doesn't stop there. The texture mods, though load heavy for PC's, are absolutely stunning, they turn what was already a beautiful game into something that makes real life look like a 2D scroller from the 90's. There are an huge range of mods from Quests to Map additions and even to realism mods, making the game virtually unable to bore you. I could go on and on about how this game deserves your attention, but I can't be bothered, so I will leave it like this: If you enjoy Sandbox games, and you have not played any Elder Scrolls game before, give Skyrim a go! 10/10
game-hours: 236.5
review: A beautiful open world game that lets you play how you you want to play. Bringing hours of fun and tons of story even if its not the main campaign. 10/10
game-hours: 319.7
review: Its alright
game-hours: 309.0
review: With Nexus Mod really nice but also in Vanilla.
game-hours: 49.8
review: its one of the best games i ever played but theres still a lot of glitches for a game that came out in 2011 10/10
game-hours: 374.9
review: It took me a few tries before I finally got into the game. I found the beginning a little slow and boring but after 3 or 4 false starts I got going. Now I can't stop. The game is massive, I've logged endless hours and I am nowhere near completing it. The graphics, gameplay, etc. are all amazing. Sorry but I've got to get back to the game.
game-hours: 311.5
review: I recommend this for gamers who like: Open World or RPGs. Issues: The only issues I had were maybe the graphics which I fixxed through mods. Other than that, I don't have any issues with the game. Story: You are the dragonborn who ends up getting caught by the imperials. You later arrive in Helgen about to get your head chopped along with the fellow Stormcloaks who also got caught along with a horse thief. Just before you get your head chopped off, a dragon attacks Helgen. As you try to escape you can go with either Ralof(A stormcloak rebel) or Hadvar(An imperial soldier). Afterwards you can do almost whatever you want, that's what I like about open world games. You can continue through the main quest or do side quests. Either way, in the end you kill Alduin(The final dragon). Note: I chose the stormcloaks side and haven't had the time to go through the imperials side of the story yet. Therefore I can't add-on to the story very well when I leave out the imperials side of it. If you have any questions, ask me and I'll answer them as best as I can.
game-hours: 100.7
review: I think that Skyrim is one of the best Roleplaying games out there. I like the fact that the player can do what he/she wishes, and doesn't have a fixed mission that they have to follow. Instead, there are many missions and quests that the player can do, each with their own set of rewards alike. The graphics make the game equally pleasing, as it has way better graphics than the previous Elder Scrolls games. Just the amount of detail make Skyrim a beautiful game. But, of course, there are glitches. Once, near Whiterun, I was hunting deer, when one started floating, but still somehow running. And, I'm not going to go on about the floating Mammoths . . . I suppose that's what mods are for, anyway. Anyway, I would DEFINITELY recommend this game! It's fun and enjoyable, and it is easy to get immersed in the lore and the game itself. :D
game-hours: 70.0
review: This is the best game in the series.
game-hours: 105.3
review: Dont care if it came out 3 years ago. Love it forever.
game-hours: 127.2
review: Almost a hundred awards for game of the year... Need anymore reason?
game-hours: 58.0
review: Im a huge fan of Skyrim and my Youtube grew off of it. GREAT GAME!!!!!!
game-hours: 158.9
review: Buy this game, say goodbuy to any other facet of your life, and you won't miss them, trust.
game-hours: 357.3
review: Simply put buy the legendary game pack because after a few minuets you will be addicted and wanting more.
game-hours: 42.2
review: This is life. No exceptions.
game-hours: 44.2
review: great game open world more time i want to play it to clear all mission , Awesome it more more mission to play This game has real life ...
game-hours: 441.4
review: Could be better.
game-hours: 89.0
review: A guy wouldn't sell me his horse...So i Fus Ro Dah'd him off a cliff, then took his horse.
game-hours: 328.1
review: eh
game-hours: 23.5
review: This game us amazing, great mods and overall worth 3!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 38.9
review: downloaded a mod where there was a giant deamon chicken atacking everybody in the city 20/10
game-hours: 34.0
review: I broke into the family house in the middle of the night. Appears, that the whole family was at home, they slept, but I have them awake. So I grabbed what I could, stole a pile of apples and cheese. I run as far as I could. They chased me all over town ... The whole family ... Fun game.
game-hours: 140.9
review: a good game
game-hours: 38.9
review: This is pretty much the second life of every nerd me included. Awsome World, awsome Gameplay just amazing. For everything that isnt awsome yet there are mods.
game-hours: 95.0
review: Kill a dragon by yelling at it. 10/10
game-hours: 1428.8
review: Frenzied a horse and it killed 9 people 10/10
game-hours: 569.2
review: Pretty fun game, especially with mods HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAA
game-hours: 1.0
review: laggy for me atm however fun game ^^ *sexmod ftw*
game-hours: 307.4
review: .
game-hours: 321.9
review: Amazing game!!! I get lost in it. It seems to never-end, full of quests and things to do. It's beautiful too. A cool thing is the mods- if your into that. There's some awesome mods that make the scenery and certain game elements epic. definitely reccommend to everyone. Seriously just goes on forever, aside from the main story. And even the smaller misc. quests are interesting.
game-hours: 28.0
review: nude mods, 10/10
game-hours: 114.2
review: Fantastic. That's the only god damn word I can say about this masterpiece. Fantastic. I never played a better game. This is the best game I ever played. 1.000/10. The main quest is a little bit too short for me, but all quests (means plus side quests) are difficult, and difficult means good. I love it. Just love it.
game-hours: 25.8
review: Epic just simply Epic
game-hours: 130.4
review: Changed my life. 10/10. Would literally  a disk of this game. My mum wants to slap me for playing too much. addictive. uh, 10/10 again.
game-hours: 165.0
review: Wanna be a ing cat or lizard or weird elf dude who goes around doing whatever the ? Yeah, me too. /10 This game will eat your very soul once you start playing it.
game-hours: 58.2
review: 11/10 like far cry 3 with swords
game-hours: 1464.7
review: Excellent without and Wonderous with mods
game-hours: 1.4
review: i forgot i had this game lol
game-hours: 1080.7
review: Now that the modding community has matured with this game...a careful selection of mods brings this game into the A+ category for me. THANK YOU MODDERS!!
game-hours: 271.1
review: So after just logging my 255th hour into the game I can easily say, without a doubt, Skyrim is my favorite game of all time. The story, the gameplay, and the lore are fantastic and are constantly pulling you into the world of Nurn. I have 255 hours in a single player game, which isn't a big deal, but it is for a casual player such as myself. If you like hardcore role playing games, this might not be your cup of tea. Not because it's bad, but because I often hear it's a little too easy for you guys. If you're at all like me, or you've played any other games in The Elder Scrolls series, go ahead and pick this up.
game-hours: 2.8
review: Great game, tons of freedom! :D
game-hours: 129.7
review: yes
game-hours: 6.7
review: It's like Far Cry 3 with swords
game-hours: 411.1
review: Amazing story with great combat and open world: the only drawback is no multiplayer and co-op.
game-hours: 45.2
review: Awesome game, especially with mods. Even without mods it's fantastic!
game-hours: 56.9
review: Please help. It keeps sucking be back in.
game-hours: 168.6
review: Playing Skyrim is like masturbating: first it's good, but later you regret it. Then you do it again.
game-hours: 180.5
review: pass the mutton, hoss
game-hours: 214.6
review: Modded the game so much that I made a character with incredibly huge breasts and sexy looking that would do prostitution around Skryim. Thanks Japanese modders!
game-hours: 214.8
review: Excellent game. Hopefully waiting for the new release: "The Elder Scrolls VI: Tamriel", or something like this, with some LAN Multiplayer features (why to have just a NPC Follower, when you can have your real friends and companions playing alongside you?)
game-hours: 178.0
review: Great Game, brilliant graphics. One of the best games i've ever played
game-hours: 95.9
review: Still the best game ever made I think. I'm waiting for something to come along and beat it, it's just not happening...
game-hours: 248.4
review: This game is the best game i have ever played. Mods or no mods its the best!
game-hours: 390.3
review: This game will bind you to your PC and wont let you go for a long long time. The Main Story-line is good, solid, and befitting of the Elder Scrolls. Some complain that it is nothing special, which might be true it is nothing totally new. But one has to consider that most things seem to have been there at one point or another. Instead of laying the focus on innovation I rather put it on how the story is delivered. The Story unfolds depending on your playstyle, you can have it unfold right into your face if you rush ahead. But you could also spend days or weeks in the game and barely scratch the surface of the Storyline. There is a lot to do in Skyrim, a seemingly endless amount of side-quests offer diversion and immersion into the Lore of TES ( The Elder Scrolls ). Besides delving deeper into the TES universe that way, one will also be rewarded with Coin, magical Weapons, Ancient armor and more. The Combat System is not overly complex but offers enough freedom for creative approaches. Especially on higher difficulties, or through mods, combat can be quite challenging and rewarding. Freedom of choice regarding Weapons and Magic add to the diversion of the combat system. Playstyle changes accordingly to ones choice of Weapon and Profession. The Visuals of the game are good and the design of the world appears Epical. Granted the basic Graphic was not spectacular but through the means of a free DLC it got much sharper. There is also the option of visually modding the game, the results are simply stunning. The Sound is bombastic, it adds to the immersion, the music is putting one in the right mood and underlines the fantasy setting. The Graphical User Interface is clearly a console Port, but it is managable. The game has a very active mod community, especially on the Nexus. One can drastically enhance or change the game there and replay it countless times. Each DLC adds greatly to the game as well, adding new content, options and storylines. The game definately has flaws, logical ones, some bugs, but they are not game breaking. The saying " perfection is made by flaws " fits, in regards of the mod community, very well here. Many a flaw inspired a modder to contribute to the game turning a semi rough diamond into a gem to behold. If you like freedom of choice, action, a nice story, immersion and exploring then you should not miss this milestone in game History.
game-hours: 198.1
review: Even without mods, this game is amazing. PC users have the edge in the thriving community that put out more and more content that elevates Skyrim to the next level. 10/10
game-hours: 329.3
review: THIS GAME IS AWESOME
game-hours: 299.0
review: A must have for any Rpg fan, no need to say anymore it has everything you could ever want
game-hours: 82.5
review: #1 Stole a horse... #2 Find a perfect hill * u cant climb up there bare foot * #3 Use your Anti-Gravity horse to get to the top... * I love  logic! *
game-hours: 576.4
review: The most immersive and brilliantly composed game I've ever explored. I have lost count of the replays, but I can say each time I explore it anew it is just as thrilling as the the first. In the extremely implausible event that I could only have one game, this would be it without regret. Most games, when I have finished them I never touch them again, even if I enjoyed them immensely. Not so with Skyrim.
game-hours: 43.7
review: if u dont like this game your family should burn in fire
game-hours: 34.6
review: This Destoried my social life for over a year on both xbox and pc, I forgot what the sun looked like for a while I recommend this game to any RPG fan.
game-hours: 89.6
review: bad
game-hours: 34.3
review: as you all know an awesomly fun and adentourous game that should be played by generations upon generations
game-hours: 113.9
review: .  Badge
game-hours: 6.8
review: Like Skyrim, but with Skyrim- 10/10 would bang
game-hours: 192.1
review: I do strongly recommend this game for all gamers!
game-hours: 44.9
review: 10/10!!!!
game-hours: 95.3
review: Previously had this game on 360 but purchased on PC for the DLC. I still haven't played them. Other than being an indisputably incredible game on its own its the modding community that add so much to this title. This is the 1st game Ive modded and Im still learning, but Nexus Mod Manager wasnt too difficult to get my head around. I tried some mods that I usually wouldnt because why the hell not? And now I cant live without them! I highly recommend the Frostfall, Realistic Needs and Diseases, Cloaks of Skyrim and Wet & Cold immersion mods, and while Im add it try out Live Another Life if youve played the core story already. This little combination changes the game so drastically that it becomes an entirely different beast. No longer the invincible Dragonborn I became a one-eyed old-timer complete with weathered face and scraggly beard, mortal and alone in the vast winter wilds. A bounty on my head and nothing but the clothes on my back I sought shelter from the biting cold in an old lighthouse only to find its inhabitants mutilated by something unknown. I pick up an axe and collect what I canmeat, a torch, some wine and stale breadand venture into the cellar only to be attacked by some vile beast. The creature is ferocious and well-armoured, I am barely able to defeat it; it seems they emerged from a tunnel in the cellar and caught these poor people unaware. Having taken all my energy to defeat two of the beasts I decide it best to move on an leave the shelter of the lighthouse. As I walk through the snow in search of civilisation a blizzard rolls in. With no sign of civilisation in sight I need to make a fire, FAST. There are no trees in sight but I spot a beach nearby  I can collect driftwood! I tell myself. I gather some wood but its not enough, but now I spot something atop the cliff. I climb with what little energy I have left and reach the top, and my heart fades  its a magical stone. Im frozen to the bone, covered in a thick layer of snow; I can barely move. I gave it my best shot but my time has comein a few shorts moments I will slip into the icy abyss and be at peace. I reach into my backpack, may as well drink the wine I think to myself. And then I see it. I was SO CLOSE to death and I had not seen this powerful scroll imbued with a spell I could never dream of casting on my own. I murmur the words through icy lips and a dome of protective magic appears around me. From the ethereal appears a bed, chest, table and chair, theres a fireplace and stove, hell, theres even alchemy and enchanting tables! The magic bubble shields me from the blizzard that rages just metres away, and here I stand  inches from death in a luxurious magic bubble atop a mountain that overlooks the coast; if only I had the damn firewood to start a fire. The night was long and it took me some time to warm up on my own, but I survived. The next morning my bubble disappeared and I set off on my journey again, gathering more driftwood and eventually finding my way to a small settlement on the coast. This was a harrowing experience in which I had come dangerously close to the end, but I had survived. In the new settlement I found bed and board and learned of a school of magic on the outskirts of town. With an new found appreciation for the arts I decided to devote my life to the pursuit of knowledge.
game-hours: 153.1
review: Skyrim will be always held in high esteem in our hearts. That's the game which taught me a lot and familiarized me with such games as well as gave me hundrets of irreplaceable moments of joy with a little of a badass feeling. It is advisable though that you play the Playstation version because these kind of games are those which it excels at. Sooo... you call yourself a gamer? If you haven't played this game stop humiliating yourself!!!
game-hours: 478.6
review: Great game endless possibilities, Great graphics, an all around great game! *Claps to bethesda"
game-hours: 97.4
review: Buy this game. Now. It is the best open world RPG you can purchase. End of story.
game-hours: 131.0
review: Probably one of the best games out there. Would strongly recommend.
game-hours: 19.1
review: Eat. Sleep. Skyrim
game-hours: 31.8
review: very good game thanks Valve
game-hours: 19.0
review: I hated it, it sucked Why does it Exist. 10 out of 10
game-hours: 247.7
review: Dragons, shouting, magic, adventure!, fun, and did I mention dragons. Skyrim is absolutely a blast, and once it wears down, there's always mods, including graphical ones that make it drop dead gorgeous.
game-hours: 104.3
review: I played this, and now I can't play F:NV anymore. Help me.
game-hours: 130.5
review: Can literally play for hours and hours. Endless fun
game-hours: 90.5
review: my arms are the size of small children
game-hours: 196.8
review: I just can't stop playing it, this is a super awesome fascinating masterpiece in game history,every RPG fan should try it, I'm sure you won't be disappointed with it!
game-hours: 25.0
review: Great Game -Good Story (impressive plot twist) -Graphics and Gameplay is great -Many quests, can make the game go forever 10/10
game-hours: 253.8
review: Amazing game. Huge world to explore, and you can take pretty much any path... whether you're an assassin who kills everyone, a proud and noble warrior, a mage... there's no wrong way to play Skyrim. And if you manage to get bored of the main game, there's endless content in DLCs and addons. Of course, like any game, it is not exempt from bugs and errors, and the player physics can be finicky at times. However, this is still an outstanding game that everyone should try. 9/10.
game-hours: 311.2
review: Chef d'oeuvre!
game-hours: 172.8
review: Best game
game-hours: 32.0
review: Awesome RPG! Love the free world!
game-hours: 368.6
review: BEST GAME EVER!!! Loved it since day one.
game-hours: 114.6
review: Awesome story, got sucked into it! - Mods are also insane fun!
game-hours: 142.5
review: its great and it will make any other game like oblivion look like  even with mods
game-hours: 179.2
review: I installed a mod that made dragons shout "Oooh yeaaaaahhhh" 8/8 -IGN m8
game-hours: 378.8
review: MEGA EPIC.
game-hours: 78.9
review: Not much more that can be about this game that others have not said. EPIC. that is all...
game-hours: 225.5
review: I love the whole Elder Scrolls series, but Skyrim is the second best one, the only one that's better is The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivionm because that was the Elder Scrolls game that brought me into the series :) But Skyrim is absolutely a game that I recommend buying!! Hours of hours of exploring land, mountains, dungeons etc, and freaking killing dragons! 5/5!!
game-hours: 578.3
review: Awesome game! I've had it since launch and still play it for hours on end! Over 1k hours over all. For some reason using SKSE seems to interfere with my hours played, so only about 540 are recorded at the time of this review. I started off with vanilla for the first 400-450 hours. The rest were with mods. First the workshop mods, then lately nexus mods. This game was well worth paying $60 + cost of the DLC on released. I don't regret it at all! Get the Legendary Edition if you don't own Skyrim already. Well worth it!
game-hours: 106.8
review: So fun probably one of the best rpgs out there
game-hours: 133.6
review: One of the most thrilling games I ever played. Nearly 100 hours of gamplay and not even roughly seen everything. You can also spend the same amount of time browsing countless mods, one more beautifull and exciting than the other one. Not even some bugs cane destroy the fun, only make it more hilarious. Thumps up for this masterpice of a game. :))
game-hours: 163.7
review: I don't even need to write a review.
game-hours: 156.6
review: <3
game-hours: 4.8
review: I regret buying this.
game-hours: 124.5
review: 9/11 needs more airhorn
game-hours: 44.6
review: Absolutely bloody awesome.
game-hours: 30.1
review: GOOD GAME AE G
game-hours: 23.6
review: I went out and killed an entire village dressed as a chef with steel boots and gauntlets using lightsabers that came out of my hands. 12/10 Best Game Ever
game-hours: 1.0
review: I love first person games..prefer it actually...this game is BEAUTIFUL..I look forward to putting many hours into playing this one.
game-hours: 41.4
review: Do I even need to say anything? The reputation of this game should speak for itself. It's been 3 years and people are still playing this damn game.
game-hours: 4.8
review: I got killed by a dragon. 11/10
game-hours: 28.8
review: much dragon such skimpy armour mods wow
game-hours: 23.3
review: Great game its alot of fun still is
game-hours: 126.6
review: Get this game NAOW!!!!
game-hours: 232.4
review: If you like games where you can spend five hundred hours on one save and  around whilst killing Dragons, then this is the game for you. But don't kill the chickens, guards really like their chicken cuddle time...
game-hours: 291.8
review: WARNING!! This game is verry verry addictible and if you realy want it then buy Legendary edition,and yeah I recommend it because a LOTS of mods and big replayability.
game-hours: 139.9
review: one of the best games of all time with intense gameplay and heart pounding moments. I recommened it to eneyone
game-hours: 52.8
review: A very enjoyable game with an extremely extensive modding community, well worth a pick up, although I recommend you try Morrowind as well for a more challenging experience.
game-hours: 604.9
review: Dragonborn, Dragonborn by his honor is sworn To keep evil forever at bay! And the fiercest foes rout when they hear triumph's shout, Dragonborn, for your blessing we pray! Hearken now, sons of snow, to an age, long ago and the tale, boldly told, of the one! Who was kin to both wyrm and the races of man with a power to rival the sun And the Scrolls have foretold of black wings in the cold, that when brothers wage war come unfurled! Alduin, Bane of Kings, ancient shadow unbound, with a hunger to swallow the world! But a day, shall arise, when the dark dragon's lies, will be silenced forever and then! Fair Skyrim will be free from foul Alduin's maw! Dragonborn, Dragonborn by his honor is sworn To keep evil forever at bay! And the fiercest foes rout when they hear triumph's shout, Dragonborn, for your blessing we pray!
game-hours: 71.4
review: This is one of the most realistic graphics game if u know the sotry from elder scrolls oblivion and morrwind this game will be a hobby :) RECOMMANDED FOR EVERYONE
game-hours: 31.0
review: A guard saw me stealing book from 234912814 km. 10/10
game-hours: 102.9
review: Best Game Ever !
game-hours: 128.3
review: I can dual-wield Mjolnir against puny mortals while Kenny Loggins' Danger Zone roars in the background. If that doesn't appeal to you then I don't know what I say.
game-hours: 266.1
review: A must have game for any modern day gamer!
game-hours: 10.7
review: THE BEST RPG GAME EVER, beter than oblivion
game-hours: 287.2
review: An amazing open world RPG, full of so many things that listing them all would be impossible, without a doubt get this game, you will not be dissapointed
game-hours: 108.6
review: If you want a game that you can play for hours and hours and hours, and then just stop for a long time, and then come back to and play again for hours and hours and hours, then this is the game for you! The only reason not to buy it, is if you don't want to slay dragons and be awesome!
game-hours: 336.0
review: well were do i begin the elder scrolls v skyrim is one of the greatest gamse i ahev ever played and will keep playing it never gets dull and i think the game is just the best
game-hours: 135.4
review: One of the Bests RPGs i've ever played, and, well, it IS the GOTY of 2011, no need to tell anything else.
game-hours: 20.0
review: Was walking along an icy river, when all of a sudden an evil rabbit with the voice of Satan walks up to me triggering the start of Danger Zone by Kenny Loggins. Luckily for me, just a swift swing of my sword sent him flying back to Oblivion, but to my surprise I was yet to leave the Danger Zone as a troll began trolling me with the trololol song playing alongside his dumb troll face. With the mix of Kenny Loggins and trolling making my ears nearly bleed, I began to run for my life jamming out to now just Danger Zone when out of nowhere I was hit with a wave of childhood memories as a thundering "choo choo" overcomes the glory of Kenny's voice. As I looked to the sky, down came Thomas the Tank as he blasted me with his fiery breathe. In the background, a faint trolling began to creep back into my ears as that damn trolling troll began to catch up to me with my new aforementioned foe. Overcome with nostalgia, fire, trolls trolling, and ungodly amounts of damage being hurled my way, I noticed my screen beginning to flicker. Faster and faster, the flickering began to overcome my screen and suddenly in a heartbeat, I was no more. All that remained as my body hit the floor was the faint sounds of Kenny reminding me that I was indeed on the highway to the Danger Zone, and the lesson of how you never pick a fight with a troll as the one I took on danced his trololol victory dance. 11/10 would recommend
game-hours: 289.6
review: 59.99
game-hours: 335.4
review: It's The Elder Scrolls Skyrim.
game-hours: 439.6
review: this game is awesome
game-hours: 120.2
review: One simply does not WRITE ten straight hours of girlish fanboy screaming, silly! Buy the damn game, do it nooooooow! :O
game-hours: 191.4
review: It's a good game to play if you've ever wanted to live in a fantasy world of adventure, and build your way to the top tier of awesome. All kinds of monsters, creatures, and people exist for you to fight, befriend, and protect. And, overall, it has a beautiful way of presenting the world to you. Easy to pick up for new players to the franchise.
game-hours: 316.4
review: Highly recommended! An amaizing game.
game-hours: 183.6
review: I like it, its fun.
game-hours: 27.8
review: One of the greatest games ever made, it has so many branching storylines and a great main story which your not confined into completing to travel further in game. The world is yours to do as you see fit and arent constrained by locked areas or blocked paths. Your character feels apart of you, from every battle you take part in , every path you take and all the places you discover you just become engrossed in the world that is Skyrim. The DLC and content the steam workshop adds to the already expanisve world you are thrust into makes a game with a really unlimited about of playability. When you begin your adventure , which is the only way that you can describe the journey your about to embark upon, youll discover a world of different races , beasts, groups , each with its own history and lore which you can spend hours upon reading in the books you find through out the game. My first encounter with a dragon was literally the first time ever in a game where i actually felt panic and fear. The music changes , everything arounds you start to tremble as you peer up to the sky and see a dragon overhead (technically a wyvern), i didnt expect the encounter to happen it as it did , completely random , no warnining. And thats what makes this game great , you can never be to sure of whats going to happen next. the only issue i had with this game is that (now this is going to contain spoilers) is that after becoming the leader if the mages, the leader of the companions (fighting guild), leader of the thieves guild, thane of every hold and being able to kill a dragon with a few blows and a yell of your voice , people who still have a snow flakes chance in hell still attempt to kill you. In my opinnion your reputation should actually hold some weight , and not merely a once off free pass to a crimes and bounty But in saying all that, there is so much in this game to do , so many suprises and so many things to keep you occupied i cant possibly mention it all here. so what are you waiting for , jump in pick up a sword , a staff, maybe even both and carve out your place in skyrim!
game-hours: 11.6
review: -
game-hours: 42.3
review: Modded it so much that I'm not even sure which features belong in the vanilla game. Modding/10 would mod again
game-hours: 349.4
review: I recommend to play Skyrim. This is the first game in years, which I would say is worth its money. A lot of content, 5 major quest lines, and uncountable side quests and missions. The world is huge, and nice in various ways. Each dungeon is well planned and makes a lot of fun to adventure them. If you rush, you can play through a dungeon in 6-7 minutes, but normally, you will end up in discovering each and every corner of each and every room, and in the end, you needed more than 1 hour for the cave. If you like RPG-games, you have to play this game. Its a must. I hope that a lot of other games will follow the quality of this game. 10/10 points for Skyrim
game-hours: 46.1
review: Best RPG ever! For Skyrim!!!!
game-hours: 10.3
review: You can steal a guy's equipped armor without getting caught, 10/10
game-hours: 194.7
review: It's massive. Vanilla story alone will take you 100+ hours to complete, not to mention DLCs. The good: The mechanics are solid, the gameplay is smooth, the scenery is gorgeous, and mods make it even better. The bad: The magic leaves a lot to be desired, it's clunky, the menus are primitive, and you can spend more time scrolling then you do shooting. (Mods recommended to alleviate this) The ugly: It seems that a team of maybe 20 total voice actors voiced about 1500 people in the game, I'm used to some overlap, but hearing the same guy's voice (not disguised or changed in any way) on three different people in the same town of 20 people is a little annoying. Conclusion: Annoyances aside, it's an incredible game with a rich story and the mods will produce more content then you'll ever be able to play in your lifetime. This game will eat your life, and you will love it.
game-hours: 3.7
review: if this game doesnt make a girl squirt idk what will.
game-hours: 331.2
review: Slay salmonsnakes in Sweden simulator 2014
game-hours: 15.8
review: One of the greatest rpg games ever to bless the gaming community. Skyrim is full to the brim with quests, loot, murder and free will. Don't like that old woman sitting outside her house? stab her in the face, but be ready to fight the onslaught of guards coming your way! being able to make choices about anything is always great, no more are you restricted by boundaries, you can kill that character you always hated, stab that lizard man that looked at you funny on the street, its all up to you. I have too much to say about this game in one review, so i will keep it short. BUY THIS GAME! you will not regret it, full customisation of your character and what gear he/she uses, hundreds of weapons, armour, spells ECT ECT i could go on for hours. Ever just feel like ransacking a cabin in the middle of a fantasy medieval land? you got it. Ever wanted to battle huge dragons, wizards and trolls using a variety of weapons and magic spells? Skyrim. Is and will always be one of my favourite games of all time, the freedom of GTA with a LOTR style lore in a video game, what more could you possibly ask for? Oh yeah and thats right, i can build myself a ing cottage with the hearthfire DLC, i mean come on guys, its a no brainer. 11/10
game-hours: 4.2
review: a ifyou aint don got dis game yet on da sale da  you doin white bread?
game-hours: 76.9
review: Excellentttt
game-hours: 53.9
review: I forgot how awesome this game is. You should buy this. Plus it's on sale in the Holiday sale. So buy it. Buy it now. 10/10 Good story lots of people to murder. MODS OH THE MODS
game-hours: 143.8
review: It's the divine gift of sheer brilliance from the human mind
game-hours: 2.1
review: Really good game and + it is on sale
game-hours: 115.6
review: Well, it is next game in very popular RPG series The Elder Scrolls from Bethesda. It is really amazing game for RPG lovers. Open world, two handed combat system and leveling systems are just great. You can also craft a lot of stuff. You can simpy do whatever you want, buy a house, marry a wife or just go to dungeon and kill them all in. I can strongly recommend this game. PS: If you wish to improve graphic experience, just visit skyrimnexus and download some mods. ;-)
game-hours: 15.0
review: Swet
game-hours: 42.4
review: Awesome
game-hours: 30.9
review: Literally the best RPG out there for me!
game-hours: 181.9
review: My second life.
game-hours: 254.6
review: this game is amazing even with all the bugs and game breaking glitches still a very good RPG. must play at least 200 hours so far on and off, sometimes gets boring, if keep doing the same missions over and over, but there are so many classes to choose, make you keep playing the character creation again and again until you find the class tha fits your game play....
game-hours: 101.7
review: Bought this game on PS3 for about $50 bucks and it was worth it then... Add better grapics, faster load times, patches and a staggeringly HUGE mod community and this game is worth any price they have now, however if you're skeptical about getting this game, so was I at first. Wait for the seasonal sales. Then you can probably get the bundled DLC's (repectively) for as well as the game for about the same price. This is a "must have" game for any RPG/Dungeon crawler/Story driven/artistic game lovers. 6/5 stars for replay ablility. 4.8/5 for graphic (much higher with the right mod) This game ate MONTHS from my life and continues to do so.
game-hours: 5.4
review: PLAY BEFORE YOU DIE!!
game-hours: 12.0
review: Much graphics. Such RPG. So scandinavian accent.
game-hours: 14.4
review: Great game I own it on consol but it is 10x better on pc much better graphics with my computer and you can mod the game! it's also on sale atm in the steam store. If anyone hasn't bought this game yet for pc i suggest you do.
game-hours: 12.5
review: Good game :)
game-hours: 432.8
review: Favorite game ever. If you dont want it to end it will oblige giving even the strongest dovakin more and more challenges to overcome.
game-hours: 248.0
review: Say goodbye to your loved ones. You won't be seeing them for a while.
game-hours: 81.7
review: It's good
game-hours: 77.7
review: umm.... do even have to say anything?
game-hours: 427.5
review: cool game
game-hours: 26.4
review: Hands down one of the best RPG's I've played thus far.
game-hours: 251.3
review: Skyrim is the absolute best openworld RPG you can find, side by side with Morrowind.
game-hours: 229.2
review: Yes, a Million times Yes!
game-hours: 54.1
review: Great game
game-hours: 39.9
review: The Elder Scrolls V - Skyrim is with no doubt one of the best games recently released. An open-world RPG with an infinite amount of quests and modding support ? Count me in. The replayability is also almost endless, because you can make a totally new character with other skills and so have a new experience. Installing mods can also help you fighting the boredom when you've reached 300+ hours ingame.
game-hours: 1054.0
review: Skyrim is more than just a game; it's a timeless fantasy. After over 500 console hours, 750 modding hours, and 1000+ PC hours, I still haven't defeated Alduin. But that's okay, because doing so would constitute an end to this great journey. And in Skyrim, adventures last forever. 10/.10
game-hours: 60.0
review: Skyrim is one of the finest games I have played in my lifetime. It beats almost every other RPG I have ever played in graphics and gameplay. The story is a bit lacking with some confusing plot points, but it is still fun to complete. The modding community is what really makes this game, though. The graphics were, at the time of release, worshipped by the internet for how amazing they were. Now, they rival games like Crysis while still being fairly stable with the addition of just a few mods. 9/10. If you don't own this game, you are missing out on a cornerstone of video game history.
game-hours: 992.8
review: Probably one of the best games i have played. There is so much to do, and a lot of freedom. add mods from the Nexus and The workshop, this game can last a very long time.
game-hours: 14.9
review: This game is so incredibly diverse and complex, there are so many things to do and so much content that it is amazing, you can literally spend thousands of hours playing this game and still be interested. Unfortunately, this is also its only downside. The game is so incredibly complex that you may quit because of the amount of effort and time you have to put in this game. Imagine being reborn in a new world that you know nothing about. That is Skyrim.
game-hours: 190.3
review: Great game. I love it.
game-hours: 11.0
review: I just cant get enough. game to good. too much mods. to much quests. to much achievements. much fun
game-hours: 71.6
review: Quite Classy. This game can be used to show the obvious superiority of pc gaming. I have over 200 mods installed, and it makes the game much classier.
game-hours: 440.7
review: Yes this is a great game my favorite game i defitly recomend this
game-hours: 537.6
review: WOW!
game-hours: 204.1
review: This game is simply amazing. You can make your own character and look like how you want your character to look. Choose varietys of armor and weapons. Be a stealthy assassin to being a charge in to battle. Its open world and you can do whatever you want when you want. Level up your character to defeat stronger foes and well just have fun. I definetly reccomend this game so what are you waiting for? Buy this game and get started!
game-hours: 1006.4
review: So good 10/10 would play
game-hours: 87.5
review: Great game!
game-hours: 215.3
review: HOLY CRAP THIS GAME IS A-MAZING. skyrim has to be my favorite game of all time. i have beaten the game with every race and there is abolutely no end to the things you can do in skyrim. Bethesda created a masterpiece that should belong next to the mona lisa. PURE BAD ASSERY
game-hours: 159.1
review: This game is not bad. Probably not enough sewers, bad jokes, FUS RO DAH'S!!!!!1111!!!!one!!!111eleven!!11|||!
game-hours: 137.5
review: what can i say about Skyrim? BEST F#!KING GAME EVER MADE!
game-hours: 188.6
review: In my Opinion a great game visualy if you have the right set up. Main story not the best in my opinion of the elderscrolls games but was'nt a let down so not a waste of money either at full price.
game-hours: 50.1
review: sex mod
game-hours: 125.1
review: What can I say about Skyrim... It's a great fantasy game on its own, with plenty of hours of slicing, smashing, stabbing, casting, stealing, questing, cooking, reading, and exploring to fill your time. The real gem in Skyrim is its mod community though, it adds hours and hours of content to the already massive game, making it definitely worth the money.
game-hours: 206.7
review: This game is a masterpiece. It is one of the most addicting games I have every played. A full completion takes over a hundred hours, and after it, you can just start again as a new race and the game is completely different. There is so much freedom in this game, you can stop a quest at any time and do another one. This is one of the best games I have ever played, yes, you are overpowered in combat when you're a certain level and there is not much challenge, but that doesn't change that this game is a masterpiece. 10/10
game-hours: 106.7
review: I love all of series from Elder Scrolls, till Skyrim was released my faworite was Oblivion. Now i realy like Skyrim, bigger map to explore, better dungeons, hardest difficulty, but i miss a bit more Daedras, like on Oblivion. But for me now best Elder Scrolls game, and one of my bests RPG games. And with all moders community much better game.
game-hours: 12.6
review: I'm a nun who shoots people with a everlasting stream of fire. 11/10
game-hours: 31.7
review: I am recently play two Bethesda game: Fallout New Vegas and this one. personally, I like this one better than Fallout(someone might disagree with me). This game somehow makes you eager to face dragon, because you can unlock more dragon shouts,and a big world, adoption, building a home, marriage, loot, adventure. All of this can make this game worth of 40 bucks, I am sure of that.
game-hours: 8.0
review: Played through this twice now, amazing game, great visuals, virtually unlimited replayability. 10/10
game-hours: 1.0
review: 10/10 It's okay
game-hours: 195.7
review: Very addictive and tons of quests and things to do. Only down side is that if a quest giver dies yo can never start the quest of turn it in. Unless your on the PC so you can spawn another person using the console. But besides form that and not being able to have multiple character files I say a 4.5/5
game-hours: 327.1
review: This game is not only beautiful, but has in depth lore, and there is so much to do! <3
game-hours: 1153.1
review: The Elder Scrolls is one of the best RPG series available to PC/Console, and Skyrim is its best iteration yet. Be prepared for many hours of adventure!
game-hours: 821.6
review: A fantastic open world experience. ic. While the world can be shallow at times, you won't notice it as you follow the thousands of quests. I've completed the main Questline once. ONCE. I have 800 hours and yet I haven't even completed any of the 3 major guilds. That's how ing fun this god damn game is. JESUS.
game-hours: 92.9
review: HELL YEAH MODS!!
game-hours: 809.5
review: Lots of fun, endless replay value with various mods.
game-hours: 1246.6
review: Skyrim is a wonderfully detailed world that provides hundreds of hours worth of play. Even though the game is now three years old it is still one of the best, if not the best game of it's type out there on the market. I paid sixty dollars for the game a month before it came out and I have more than gotten my moneys worth out of it. Sadly, steam and valve has caused far too much difficulty for me. they take a ssimple disk download and turn it into a two week ordeal. they require that i prove that I bought this game eveb though I have bought DLC's that require this game from them. the service is laughable and at best unreliable. In short they make this game a waste of time. I will remind you that the only servie that steam provides is to the companies creating the software. they don't do anything for the actual customers who bought the games. I have supported Bethesda with the purchase of Elder scrolls 3,4 and 5. i also bought fallout 3 and new vegas but I refuse to ever buy another game from them as long as they continue to do business with the likes of steam. Don't waste your money on this game. Don't waste you money on anything that steam has any part of.
game-hours: 262.8
review: The best RPG ever made!
game-hours: 149.5
review: This game is badass! I first started playing it, and al of a sudden, I skiped 6 months!
game-hours: 146.4
review: Simply amazing!
game-hours: 33.2
review: Fantasic
game-hours: 922.2
review: Skyrim is with no doubt one of the best games recently released. An open-world RPG with an infinite amount of quests and modding support ? Count me in.
game-hours: 747.8
review: What are you waiting for? Get this FANTASTIC FPS RPG. This game is such an awesome game. It has tons of replayability, detailed character customization, and lots of quests to do in this massive province of Skyrim. The graphics, superb! and its even more awesome on the higher settings! You will use MANY hours of your life on this masterpiece! And to add even more awesome to this game, you can always put mods in your game! There is a massive modding community for this game! Ranging from the Steam Workshop to the Skyrim Nexus and other lesser known websites. So get this game. NOW!
game-hours: 493.6
review: best game eva
game-hours: 339.9
review: Skyrim is a very aesthetically beautiful game. The storyline is very decent and it has a certain catch to it. Since it is an open world singleplayer game you have an extremely large set of options on how you personally want to complete the game, and as far as I know there is an insane amount of side quests that will grant certain loot and gear to the player. There are two DLCs to the game that fits perfect with the default game, and it adds a lot of new items and features. The walking animations could definitely be improved, and the many side quests could have a bit more creativity to them. In general though, skyrim is a great game!
game-hours: 114.1
review: This game really does not need a review wrote for it. Undeniably one of the greatest games of all times! So much gameplay with so much stuff to sidetrack on.
game-hours: 83.3
review: My first Elder Scrolls game and the game ive had the most fun with, especially when i modded the dragons into trains, cus theres nothing funnier than fighting thomas the tank engine as a 15 meter high orc. 20/10 would waste more of my short lifespan on this
game-hours: 196.2
review: I don't know what to say, great game! There is so much to do in this game with or without mods! I love this game!
game-hours: 91.7
review: Very nice game , Worth to buy and play
game-hours: 180.2
review: Easily one of my most favorite games ever. Pros: open world, moddability, great music, great graphics, seemingly endless quests. Cons: ?.
game-hours: 231.3
review: love this game look my play time Game gets 10/10 os many quests and many dungons,runes,caves to explore DLCs DG=vampires and werewolves are so much fun to play as HF=familys and the house build are great DB=not one of mf favorties but still great addon plus how that i modded my game the consle verion is a joke
game-hours: 128.5
review: I thought I was really addicted to this game with the mere number of hours I've clocked into the game... I guess I'm really just starting my adventure now...
game-hours: 313.9
review: I got stabbed for killing a chicken. You can't do that in Call of Duty.
game-hours: 214.4
review: Great game, shout your lungs off in this walking simulator!
game-hours: 45.5
review: YUP
game-hours: 8.3
review: awesome
game-hours: 108.2
review: ))))
game-hours: 25.4
review: Great game and storyline
game-hours: 86.1
review: If U Like Adventure Games Or A RolePlaying game u will love skyrim.skyrim has everything u want in a game a good story line,alot of extra quests,good graphics also you can add mods to it to make it a much better expierence trust me get this game its really really really good i played it for 73 hours and im in love with it i got all the dlc's the best one is the dragonborn it basically gives u a second story line and new spells and different kind of things and the vampire one just gives u a new form if u choose to become a vampire or if u just choose to stay human and never return to the castle but if u decide to join the vampire first he makes u drink something then other things happen im just saying you guys would really enjoy the game i was so lucky to get the legendary edition on sale for 30$ so you should probably wait till summer to get it on sale if not then i hope u enjoy the game if you get it PEACE.
game-hours: 2.8
review: This is an amazing game thats worth 100s of dollars. Its just so open-ended. If there's a mission you can go through almost however you want. Now I did get this first on Xbox. But I mainly picked it up on steam for mods and the graphics. I got it for 70% and $13 for Legendary Edition would buy this again. 10/10 would arrow in the knee again
game-hours: 406.5
review: I haven't played that much, so far it's alright
game-hours: 97.6
review: I played Skyrim for a few days solid. Then not much after that. Skyrim, I feel, suffers from the sheer AMOUNT of stuff to do which kind of ends up being fetch quests. Too many quests and too many places to go for too petty of an objective. Skyrim's greatest strength is also it's greatest weakness. It's so huge and there's so much to do, there's nothing to do.
game-hours: 86.5
review: Skyrim is cool.
game-hours: 175.7
review: One of the best I've ever played 10/10
game-hours: 408.2
review: Not my most played game but holy crap is it the most immersive. I poured so much into this game and still feel like its new evrytime i boot it up. 5 stars would reccomend.
game-hours: 59.5
review: I just play it on the family share thing so i can only play it whe my brother isnt playing a game but i still love (although i only just started) anyone who doesn't like this game is crazy and i bet one day ima wake up yelling Fus.Roh.Dah! at everyone in my house.
game-hours: 11.5
review: I haven't logged much time on PC *Yet* but I have been playing Skyrim for over a year on Playstation and, with the deal on at the moment, found it impossible not to buy and relive so many strong memories. Whether you like Vampires or Werewolves, Role-playing or House-building (with DLC) this is the game for you! The replayability factor in this game is insane. I have tried nearly every combination of spell and sword and shield and bow and two-handed weapon but it never gets boring! I was worried that I wouldn't like this game back when I previously bought it on PS3 as I am not a massive fan of medieval stuff but I was sorely mistaken. This is a must get game for... Anyone really; just get it. 10/10 Never-ending fun
game-hours: 720.8
review: Better than life , i mean , Skyrim is life .
game-hours: 102.2
review: I may not have a life but I have Skyrim
game-hours: 25.4
review: In this obscure Indie Gem you make your own fun! A shallow core experience exists for those who don't want to mess with the technical side of mods, but a true gamer will add in tons of new content such as: -New Character Creation Parts! -Enormous Breasts! -Luchadore Masks! -Every Memorable Sword from the Final Fantasy Series! -Hyper-Realistic Eyes! -Sex/ Simulation Minigames! -Motorcycles! -Professional Wrestler Companions! -Battletoads! -Fully-Functional Tanks! Not into actual content? Okay! Other, less adventurous gamers can take advantage of lesser mods such as: -A UI That Doesn't Blow Chunks! -Third-Person Animations That Look Vaguely Human! -Improved Sounds, Meshes, Textures, Particle Effects, and Lighting! -Bug Fixes! Honestly how can you afford NOT to own this game? Do yourself a favour and discover this indie gem, and don't forget to tell all your friends!
game-hours: 66.8
review: Skyrim is a game that I consider almost perfect. It's fun, challenging and the story is great too. The open world is massive and there is a lot to do such as fighting one of the variations of dragon or exploring ruins and tombs to discover the secrets they hold. The side missions can get a little bit repetitive as after a while they are essentially the same mission with a skin on but they are still fun. Combat is good and you'll find yourself striving to be the best Dovakin you can by working hard to level up your health, magika or stamina. Be warned though, the higher level you are, the more fierce your foes will be. I reccomend this game to anyone who enjoys RPG's or good games in general. Buy it!
game-hours: 100.1
review: How can you hate this game?
game-hours: 84.1
review: Totally recomended. Skyrim is a game that every gamer need in his PC. 10/10 (I've been playing for over 42 hours these last three days)
game-hours: 78.3
review: Well i'm not going to talk much about game but just listen to this words carfully and i know u gonna Understand "Actually i Cracked this Game As TO Play it Normally as any other cracked game Althought it's Single Player Till This Moment But i just Decided To Buy it (Money Doesn't Grow On Trees) I'm Not Going to say more i think the message has been Delieved":)
game-hours: 61.5
review: There is SO many things i COULD say about this game This Game is Beautiful and Amazing and Perfect and Just Badass Magic and Dragons and Free Roam And DO Whatever and so Much more This Game is Amazing and People SHOULD buy it I love it and it's Amazing the View of the STARS at night and Moon and Much more I give this Game 10/10 ing Amazing BETTER on PC than 360 anyway SO BUY this Game its Truly Amazing
game-hours: 13.5
review: One of the best games i ever played. Very Recommended, Buy this game - do yourself a favor.
game-hours: 10.1
review: I rember playing this game before on the PS3 but it just isnt the same expairence as playing on the computer. The story is amazing and it makes you partly wish you lived in this time of SKYRIM!
game-hours: 93.9
review: Time passes really fast when you are playing this game. The first six hours went by in the blink of an eye, my character is at level 10 and I feel like I have barely scratched the surface of anything. If you like these kinds of games, you will be hooked because Bethesda has managed to create something which really nails it on every level. I am a heavily magic oriented player so I spent most of my time so far in the mages' guild in winterhold. For some reason though the Dark Brotherhood wants me dead and sent an assassin to kill me. I was just messing around with some conjuration spells in a forest and the assassin was killed by this flame creature I had conjured before I even knew what was going on. Looted the body and found a note saying they want me dead. Stuff like that just happens and it is awesome. Dungeons btw are really fun and very well designed. The bottom line though is that this game is basically like Oblivion on steroids. If you liked Oblivion and spent 200+ hours playing it like I did, you will be addicted to Skyrim.
game-hours: 102.2
review: super fun!
game-hours: 16.1
review: Amazing game, great freedom, amazing sights, good story, well planned DLC must buy for any RPG fan
game-hours: 203.5
review: An Amazing game. One of the most fun games I have ever played.
game-hours: 52.1
review: Amazing graphics, interactive gaming, the whole package, really. You can never go wrong with Skyrim. No questions asked, I would definitely recommend this piece of art to a friend!
game-hours: 68.4
review: Having blast with this game, now I know what I was missing for 2 years.
game-hours: 94.9
review: !EVER SINCE BEST GAME EVER! I LOVE SKYRIM
game-hours: 83.7
review: As a guy who dislikes First person games and rpgs, I was pleasantly surprised with how much I liked this game. If you (like me) don't like rpgs, I advise you, endure the first hours and you'll find yourself in a world full of great stuff. Ps. There's an option to play in third person (for those who don't like first person POV) but it is not very good since the animations kinda suck.
game-hours: 56.6
review: Hardly a leap forward for RPGs, more like a few poorly animated strafe-steps to the side. Even so, Skyrim boasts a vast world, beautiful too when modded correctly. The charcter building and progression is really enjoyable and addictive until multiple high level powers are attained, then the distinctiveness of a character is ruined a little. The voice acting is horrific. Dat shout tho. Epic, detailed, bugged and enjoyable.
game-hours: 83.2
review: really good game
game-hours: 230.1
review: The game is simply brilliant. Not only does it have a great gameplay, but also a strong background, an immersive lore just like all the previous Elder Scrolls games. The very strong and thriving modding community strives to enhance the experience and successfully manages it.
game-hours: 216.6
review: It's an Elder Scroll game... what else to say? like most game... it does have it's small quirks and bugs but overall... one hell of a game
game-hours: 235.2
review: Das spiel ist episch und geil gemacht
game-hours: 135.8
review: Yes
game-hours: 65.9
review: Give that man who invented this a cookie! 10/10
game-hours: 152.4
review: If you're a fan of the Elder Scroll series, I'd definitely recommend picking up Skyrim. If you've never played the series, but are looking for a game that has a massive open world with interractive NPC's set in a magical medieval fantasy world, Skyim is a great choice. Not only is the vanilla version great, but the community mods take the game to a whole new level.
game-hours: 242.3
review: It's the best god damn wrestling game ever.
game-hours: 203.8
review: I doubt there is much of a point to reviewing this game at this point since it is so famous, but dear lord it is amazing. Immersive. Deep. Great balance of magic, combat, dragons, crafting, and all that stuff. Looks great. Best mods in the world too. I have played 300+ hours counting here and on my roommate's xbox. I've restarted the game twice and I never ever do that for non-JRPGs. Dawnguard is not the best, but Dragonborn is a great DLC. Building your own house is surprisingly fun too.
game-hours: 157.7
review: i highly recomend this game for you gamers out there i will teach you all tips and tricks to get you started
game-hours: 915.4
review: Dont Buy This Game Unless You have no need to go outside! Its a Drug Stay AWAY!
game-hours: 24.8
review: Amazing price for huge game
game-hours: 23.6
review: Lot ahrk lingraph morokei vukein!
game-hours: 129.9
review: BEST. GAME. EVER.
game-hours: 80.9
review: Its real goood
game-hours: 148.9
review: . ___ d------b ||| ||| /\
game-hours: 0.7
review: This game is great. It will keep you entertained for hours at a time. I would recommend anybody to purchase this game.
game-hours: 338.0
review: With its complete open world playstyle Skyrim allows you to take complete control of your destiny and play at your own pace and style. With countless player made mods and DLC there is no end to the fun you can have with this game.
game-hours: 738.9
review: literally jesus in video game form
game-hours: 16.6
review: Trust me guys this game is not only the most time consuming game ever its also probably one of the most diverse games I've ever played with layers and layers of a amazing story to epic boss battles and even some bad  loot you don't want to miss out on this epic adventure. Ya the combat could use some work but have you seen the modding community you can find anything to put in your skyrim to make the expereince even better so buy this game grab some chips a bottle of Mountain Dew sit back and relax.
game-hours: 527.3
review: FUS RO DAH! Great for all Players!
game-hours: 161.4
review: Amazing game! Plenty of hours to be had
game-hours: 10.2
review: What a sequel, ey! Skyrim continues to add to the expanding 'Elder Scrolls' timeline, in a much more stylish way. Skyrim offers much more manageable controls compared to its predecessor, Oblivion. As well as this, it is so much more /pretty/! The story is riveting enough to pull you through the countless fetch quests and other tedious tasks, although the pace can fall at some stages during the story - through these it is simply a fact of powering through these sections until the story picks up again. Personally I wouldn't buy this game unless it was on sale, but if you are a Elder Scrolls fan or an avid RPG player, this game may just be worth the RRP.
game-hours: 111.9
review: It's Skyrim.... Just play it.
game-hours: 647.6
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim (or: How I gave up my life and became the Dragonborn then stopped being the Dragonborn and became a hunter, because its better.) From the Studio that bought you the Fallout universe (after they bought the rights to it), Bethesda Bring you the next, fifth instalment in the popular Elder Scrolls series. Packed with Dragons, Civil War and muscular men that kind of sound like Arnold Schwarzenegger if youre passing by them and not paying attention, the northern province of Skyrim (which is the name of the country, for complete newcomers to the series) is in turmoil and needs the help of a certain prisoner caught illegally crossing the border. For those new to The Elder Scrolls as a series, there have been four games leading up to this point that, whilst not necessary to own in order to get the most out of your Skyrim experience, may do you some good if you at least google the background of the lore. Its very deep and if you like fantasy I assure you its worth your time. I personally bought this game first and then purchased TES 3: Morrowind and TES 4: Oblivion because I really enjoyed the series. You can really jump into this world at any point in the timeline and still become an educated historian of Tamriel if the mood takes you. The Elder Scrolls V is really both sides of a coin when it comes to the actual gameplay side of things. On the positive side, the sword/axe/mace play is very satisfying and well presented and, on PC at least, the response and accuracy you receive from the ranged weapons (bows in the vanilla game and crossbows if you purchase the DAWNGUARD DLC) is fantastic and what I would assume these weapons handle like in the real world, coming from a guy who looked at a home-made bow once and thought nah, Im okay, Ill pass on firing that thing. Movement control is highly responsive and precise enough that you only have yourself to blame if you fall off a mountain, which happens a lot in the first 10 or so hours. If you were to play in first person mode (which I recommend, once you get over the fantastic, if sometimes out of place animations) then it is rather easy, with the simple addition of some decent headphones, to convince yourself that you are, in fact, the six-foot talking cat you chose to become at the character select screen. Yes, thats right. Six foot talking cats. No, you cant make them blue and re-enact some sort of medieval style Avatar fan remake, we have fan-fic writers and Tumblr for that. On the other hand, the combat can sometimes feel rather boxy and thuggish. Yes, I realise that this game is centred around the idea that you chose to be a six foot, muscular man (as the trailer suggested), but the addition of a couple of more flowing fighting styles for the other races wouldnt have hurt. If I were to choose to play as lets say, an elegant elven woman then I wouldnt expect her to throw herself at the enemy with the force of the alcohol-fuelled barbarian that the game seems to expect you to play as. Overall I feel that the positives to the combat far outweigh the drawbacks, and if you can get over the times where you line up a perfect shot only to have your target slide to one side and dodge the arrow, or the times where a kill-cam move glitches you through a wall, then I think youll be fine. The UI in game is neither good nor bad. It does its job, stop whining and continue with your life. Yes, it seems to be aimed at people who are less hard core than some players and I have become, but thats because this game is aimed at newcomers to the RPG genre. If you find yourself becoming immersed in the game, and want nit-picky things like item sorting, individual stats etc to show up like you would note down items on a D&D character sheet then google how the Skyrim Script Extender works and download the SKYUI mod from the Skyrim Nexus. If you dont know/care what UI or D&D stand for, this isnt something you really have to worry about. This game glitches. Sometimes they are minor things like texture popping, other times the entire civil war quest line will be destroyed because of something that went wrong in the coding. The latter is very rare - unless you play with the, frankly, stupid amount of mods I play with in which case you got what you had coming. Most glitches you will encounter will be minor texture popping, giants spinning and shooting off into the stratosphere and the occasional war stories regarding arrows to the knee. Why that turned into a meme I will never know, but it annoys me, its a glitch, shush. The game is very late in its update period and most major game destroying glitches have been fixed, to my knowledge. On the system requirements front: I have a friend who runs this on low settings (but not the lowest) on a 350 laptop sporting an i3 processor with 4GB ram, you shouldn't have any major issues getting this to run. The modding community for this game is huge. It is also fantastic. My Skyrim is an almost completely different game from the original release and I love it, because once I finished playing the fantastic vanilla game, I modded my game to hell and enjoyed it all over again in fantastic community-created ways. Once you complete your first couple of playthroughs, go on to Skyrim Nexus, download the mod manager and mod the game to your hearts content. The dangers with this are, of course, massive glitching. Almost everything you do in this game will affect something that happens elsewhere. Its a very delicate infrastructure and not all modders are professionals. If you make a fantastic Victoria Sponge cake and I throw potato peel at it because I think itll look better, doesnt make me right. Same goes for mods. Sort of. Your cake would be a lie. By all means, delve into the modding community. Pretty much all the issues I mentioned about the UI and gameplay functions can be fixed with a handful of very good mods. Also, if you like Lord of the Rings or Game of Thrones then youre gonna be right at home here. Overall: I would recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of the fantasy genre (in any medium) and/or RPG based games. The game is a bit buggy in places, but thats because its a massive open world created with the purpose of immersing you within the confines of a country at war. You can do and be anyone, especially with the help of mods. In the 500 hours I have put into this title on PC alone, I have never run out of something to do or people to become. Go buy this game, become the Dragonborn and save Skyrim from itself in the civil war  because when you come back to this game and play through again as a hunter, mercenary, thief, assassin, merchant (all of which have their own dedicated guilds with their own dedicated and lengthy quest lines) you will be free to really experience this world for the beautiful technological and creative masterpiece it is. But dont just take my word for it, go and draw your own conclusions
game-hours: 21.4
review: Cracking game!
game-hours: 25.3
review: Honestly one of the best elder scroll games I have ever played. I own it on all of my consoles (Dont ask me how that happened) but I completed every quest on the game including the dlc on my xbox and now in the midst of doing that on pc for badges/achievements. And if you think its fun but want more just MOD THE HELL OUT OF IT!!
game-hours: 126.1
review: Hours of fun action and adventure. Play your way(to an extent). Great game, and the ability to add mods make it better.
game-hours: 169.5
review: Skyrim... enough said... But without a doubt one of, if not, the best game(s) ever made for console and especially PC. Awesome mod community and also the core game just has..... so..... much.... Anyone can enjoy it.
game-hours: 764.1
review: Wonderful game. Immersive world, literally endless gameplay, and interesting. Easily one of my favorite games.
game-hours: 91.4
review: its amazing, yes thats it reuben
game-hours: 433.3
review: Skyrim on PC is amazing! It ruined my life but worth it 100% recommend!
game-hours: 48.2
review: Fantastic game
game-hours: 918.7
review: must have
game-hours: 7.0
review: You can like kills stuff with swords and magic.
game-hours: 130.2
review: this is a great game
game-hours: 113.6
review: Great Game for role-playing and really easy to get mods off the steam workshop 10/10
game-hours: 304.7
review: If you have hundeds of hours of spare time on your hands, be sure to check out Skyrim. This game will suck you in, even after putting it down for a while and picking up back up. More side quests than you will know what to do with, great voice acting, and with the power of mods out there, you can turn it hyper-realistic, and get a level of graphics you could never achieve in versions out for consoles.
game-hours: 315.2
review: It will own your soul for months!
game-hours: 278.1
review: Dragons. 7 out of 5.
game-hours: 99.2
review: The Elder Scrolls in general is a fantastic series of games but I would have to say that the Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is my favorite. The immersive gameplay, excellent graphics, and endless things to do definitely makes this game my #1 favorite! Just to prove to you that this game is as outstanding, let me share with you a little story. I used to play fps's on my xbox all the time and I have to tell ya...it got pretty boring. But then for my birthday I was given, by a friend, a used copy of Skyrim. When I first started playing, just to be honest, I never thought I would really like it ( I mean, when you hear people on COD and Halo bashing it because it's not a shooter, you tend to be a little cautios about how much enjoyment you expect). But as I started to play it more and more, I found myself happily wasting hours and hours of my time slaying dragons, exploring dungeons, fighting armys, gaining wealth, and many other strangely-enjoyable things. Eventually I decided I wanted more out of my Skyrim and I started to look into these things people called "mods". As I learned more about these "mods" I read that you could only get these on the pc version of the game. Saddened, I soon returned to playing my old fps games. After spending alot to time away from Skyrim, I decided it was time I play it again. After spending many hours playing the game and watching videos, I wished even more that I had a pc that could handle Skyrim efficiently. About a year later I had made my decision. Getting tired of the constant fighting and incompetence of console gaming, I purchased for myself a gaming computer. After playing skyrim for a while I decided I wanted to finally download mods. This made my game unbelievably awsome! I now have many mods on my Skyrim and spend much time playing it and many other games on Steam. Now if you don't feel as if this review has helped make up your mind, might I suggest you check out some other reviews and maybe go check out some videos on the Internet. - TheTurboLlama
game-hours: 126.5
review: If you have a problem with the launcher just update your drivers with GeForce Experience
game-hours: 63.5
review: Best game that i`ve ever bought , you never get bored of this game , i strongly recommend thsi game!
game-hours: 304.1
review: Best game 10/10 freedom.
game-hours: 15.4
review: Amazing game must buy for sure! Best RPG made for long time game is still running 100% new mods every day coming. Max out ur PC and enjoy the game. Game looks wonderful and gameplay is realy good u can play as you want its such a freedom.
game-hours: 112.4
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim blew my mind when I played it for the first time. The world is massive, the water is prestine, and there is life everywhere you turn. Wether it be a mushroom, a flower, or a magestic deer walking through the forest, the world feels alive and vibrant. There are so many things to do in this game it can be sometimes hard to chose what you want to try first. The crafting is fantastic - you can make your own armor, weapons, potions, or cook your own food... all using materials you collect throughout the world. Creatures, monsters, and NPCs are found in every environment, and nearly everything can be killed (except the children.. they cannot die... no matter how many times you whack them with a hammer...) You carve your own gameplay experience based on how you chose to play the game.. whether you become a blood sucking vampire and have to lurk about in the night, or if you become a werewolf prowling under the moonlight. The game constantly changes depending on the desicions you make, and that is very cool. Also, there are dragons. Who doesn't love dragons?
game-hours: 296.5
review: One of the best games out there. Could've had better fighting physics, instead of swords just slicing through people. 5/5
game-hours: 214.3
review: Best snadbox I've ever played in.
game-hours: 0.6
review: 1
game-hours: 4.7
review: great game
game-hours: 252.2
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 7.7
review: FANATSTIC GAME! I played it on xbox 360 and thought it was great. But on PC your gaming experience is SO MUCH BETTER. The controls are easy, leveling up is a blast, and with available mods on computer you can have 10 times more of a great experience with this game. Also, if the graphics quality bug you, you can download addons to make them better. GET THIS GAME!
game-hours: 387.2
review: Best RPG on the market!
game-hours: 392.8
review: Do I really need to say anthing about this game? It's Skyrim...
game-hours: 522.6
review: what's to say about this game that hasn't been said already? 11/10 score from me. with over 500 hours clocked in there's no end in sight for what i could do in even one of my saves in this open-world fantasy rpg. the easy addition of mods makes this game literally endless. the land of skyrim is your canvas and you are the painter in this masterpiece of a game.
game-hours: 95.0
review: And this Ladies&Gentlemans is my most favorite game! Why? Because this game offer many things what can i do..i can search dungeons, fight with dragons, building my own house, read books (yes, i read almost all books what i found) and many many other things what can i do. Is not that enough? Then just download mods! You can download mods from workshop or nexus and this game will be better. What mods? New followers, survival mod, realistic combat mod, many cosmetics mods and more! In my opinion is this game the best what i ever played because have great moding potential. But to be objective this game has little bad dialogues, and story (main) is slightly weaker but nevermind because you have a lot of fun from other stories (DLC-Dragonborn, Dawnguard) This game i can only recommend. Thanks for your time with reading my recommendation.
game-hours: 5.2
review: Skyrim with its vast world is a mindblowing experience, maybe only rivaled by previous entries in the Elder Scrolls series. A must-have game if you have decent enough gaming PC. Further review coming along after more adventures on Skyrim.
game-hours: 59.3
review: Just started to really play this game on the P.C., However i do own it also on the X-Box 360 and that blew me away by the sheer beuty and size and the fun you can have with this game, Allways liked the Bethesda Games, And what i have read and watched with the modding that you can do on the P.C. over the X-Box 360, Well that alone was enough to make me want to get into gaming on the P.C. Truly Amazing and spectacular game in its own right...
game-hours: 144.4
review: It's a fun game that you can play as many times as you want, as long as you want.
game-hours: 35.0
review: 10x better on PC than on a console. Some of the mods are brilliant, the graphics (with mods and updates) are stunning. Anyone into RPG games and has not played this then well what's wrong with you! Buy it NOW, whether you pay 10 in a sale or 30 you will not be disappointed.
game-hours: 170.4
review: THIS GAME! DEAR GOD THIS GAME!
game-hours: 44.4
review: Great game. The modding ability makes this game so much better.
game-hours: 6.1
review: its ok
game-hours: 72.2
review: Has to be one of the best games ever. Has so many possibilities. Yes, some of the quests are quite repetitive, but search around and you'll always find something to do. Have played all of the Elder Scrolls games and yes, I do prefer Morrowind and Oblivion in some aspects, but Skyrim is still brilliant, far better than many other games at the moment. Expansions make it even better and although it is over 2 years old, it is still up to the standard of today's games.
game-hours: 130.9
review: Its like Fallout but with magic, more epic environments and landscapes, improved graphics, amazing soundtracks, huge world to explore, etc. Fallout is epic as well, but this game goes beyond that. Everything that is good, this game has it!! Except for the freaking spiders which has become a nightmare for me. Yes, i'm arachnophobic. I know that there are mods to replace it but i'm a bit lazy at the moment. :| My Rating: 10/10
game-hours: 45.4
review: If you have never played this game, something is wrong with you...
game-hours: 496.6
review: Awesome game, extremely replayable, supports tons of different play style, one of the BEST.
game-hours: 44.7
review: YYYYYEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH! THE SKY'S THE LIMIT!
game-hours: 371.2
review: Enormous game that you can play over and over again with different characters. I strongly recommend
game-hours: 1141.5
review: best... game... EVER!!!
game-hours: 123.3
review: great game.. lots of replay value.
game-hours: 98.0
review: Well what ive got to say about skyrim is that hmmmmm.....................................BUY IT NOW
game-hours: 163.5
review: If you like spending days and days and days sitting at your computer absolutly addicted then this is the game for you! The depth of this game is unparalleled to pretty much all other games, you can play for days and only discover one thousandth of the map, same goes for the graphics and everything else. Although it may have a few bugs, it should be expected with such a massive game. All in all, everyone should atleast TRY this game even if you know you wont like it, you might find it to be an amazing game!
game-hours: 121.9
review: Good game!!!!
game-hours: 286.7
review: awsome game, good graphics. replay value: very high
game-hours: 79.0
review: First, and most importantly, I love the elder scrolls series. Skyrim included. So much great stuff to explore and the vast openness of the world is its true shining aspect. Tons of Lore. Tons of loot. Tons of dialogue. Tons of everything...including bugs. This is by far the buggiest game i've played on steam, and it was almost a deal breaker in the beginning. Big no no Bethesda. Consoles be damned, PC needs to be made priority. Dont shun your core. Tons of potential with this one, but it hangs by a thread over the maw of mediocrity. Thanks for a great game. Do a little better job next time on the spit shine and it'll be back where it needs to be to remain on top.
game-hours: 62.7
review: So far, loving it!
game-hours: 107.4
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is the only game I can truly say has endless possibilities. I reccomend playing the game with no mods (apart from the base DLC) the first time around, and then trying a few out. The story line is so immersive that this game almost becomes a second life. If all you want to do is gather wood and sit in a house all day eating cheese and wine, playing with kids, you can! If you want to be a theif, working with a secret organization to bring yourselves to glory, you can! If you want to be a silent assassin working for a twisted brotherhood that worships the god of the void, you can! if you want to save the world from doom, travel to the afterlife, and defeat the world eater with the help of immortal heroes, you can! If you want to defeat another powerful Dragonborn and bring yourself to further glory, you can! If you want to kill vampires, or hell, be a vampire yourself and kill the sun, you mothering can!!!! BUY THIS GAME!!!
game-hours: 372.4
review: I have close to 350 hours put into this game and I still haven't finished all of the quests available. The graphics, story and gameplay are amazing. If you enjoy RPG's you need this game.
game-hours: 177.4
review: Love it. It's a work of art. One of the best storylines in games and the open world is fun to get lost in. Mods keep this game going on and on and expanding it.
game-hours: 30.1
review: Obviously, there is not much to say except that there is no reason why you should not already own this game.
game-hours: 6.7
review: Has cabbage 11/7 asses.
game-hours: 33.4
review: Perfect Game (Y)
game-hours: 115.6
review: I like mods.
game-hours: 76.9
review: this game is simply just awesome complete freedom to do what you want
game-hours: 53.4
review: Good game... steam achievements op
game-hours: 312.9
review: Addicting as !!
game-hours: 110.2
review: Nearly unlimited possibilites thanks to Bethesda and the modding community!
game-hours: 28.7
review: Very nice history that is in this game and it can take a very long time to win the game or complete all its missions. Really good and worth the money 4/5 stars.
game-hours: 60.9
review: I can always come back to Skyrim. It never gets old. Played it first on the Xbox 360, so I never got to experiment with mods - needless to say, Skyrim will always have something new to do!
game-hours: 416.5
review: Amazing game! Five stars!
game-hours: 373.2
review: Better than real life.
game-hours: 208.5
review: Solid game invested a small bit of time and there is still soo much more to do i vote yes :)
game-hours: 99.1
review: You are the legendary Dhovakin; Dragonbown! You've appeared just in time, as dragons have begun to appear in the land of Skyrim, and only the Dhovakin can stop it; but who are what has brought the dragons back from extinction? A great game with several hours of gameplay and content that will keep you from getting bored. While, a great game it is, sadly, plagued by countless bugs and glitches, keeping it from being one of my absolute favorites. But, you want a game that actually has DEPTH and virtually infinite replayability? Skyrim is where it's at!
game-hours: 271.2
review: One of the best rpg's ever made.
game-hours: 100.2
review: You can download a mod that adds a laugh track every time you die.
game-hours: 29.8
review: I spent way too much time in this game, it was all worth it.
game-hours: 355.6
review: Interesting quests, atmosphere and music. If you are a RPG fan, you can't skip this game.
game-hours: 179.5
review: Go play it, or take an arrow to the knee! XD
game-hours: 25.4
review: Okay, so I bought this when it was on sale for under 4, and well... what can I say, this game is AWESOME. Seriously, I never thought of playing it but because of the offer I was like 'oh, what the hell it's only a few quid', I am not disappointed! If I knew it was this good, I would've payed full price! I've only had 13 hours playtime currently, but so far, I really enjoy the game!
game-hours: 75.9
review: I LOVE THIS GAME.
game-hours: 69.9
review: Get Skyrim, google NMM, then kiss boredom's  goodbye.
game-hours: 131.6
review: Addictive as hell and ill be playing 24/7 without relizing half the time. i played from 8 a.m to 6 a.m the next day and didnt relize it till i looekd over to the clock.
game-hours: 113.9
review: Dis sum good game, dis here. U play as a u go around kill de man and take de white woman u can get married n u can do magik
game-hours: 25.2
review: Always been a fan of the elder scrolls series
game-hours: 406.5
review: I think the almost 400 hours played speak for themselves. Do you have +400 hours of sparetime? Do you have that urging feeling of slashing that bandit's head of with a twohanded axe made by an evil god? Or why not commit yourself to a beutiful killingspree of innocent people in a peacefull town? Basically, this is fallout, but instead of shooting your enemies heads of with a Nuke-throwing-machine-of-destiny, your chop them of using your fists. And this game has (some kinda) morals.
game-hours: 270.3
review: I Absolutely love this game! It is so addicting and I play it all the time, if you are looking to get this game, I extrememly recommend it!
game-hours: 83.3
review: Very good game easy to waste your life
game-hours: 309.2
review: 10/10. A masterpiece. A must own.
game-hours: 331.9
review: Wonderful immersive game. Played it to death on the xbox360 but loving the graphics and mods on the pc.
game-hours: 0.6
review: I hit a mammoth and it flew 100 feet in the air. 10/10 Would play again.
game-hours: 268.0
review: It seems that every winter season, I get a longing to play this game again. There is not much I could say that hasn't been endlessly debated online since this game came out in 2011. I loved it from the start but it truly began to shine when the modding community got a hold of it. SkyUI, A Better World Map, Birds of Skyrim, Better Snow, Frostfall and numerous other mods have greatly enriched my gaming experience and are the reason that I am once again installing this game for another play through.
game-hours: 124.2
review: This game es amazering. I wood sayz spendz all the monies on its.
game-hours: 48.0
review: Most amazing game ever. It ruined my life.
game-hours: 97.7
review: WARNING: This game is highly addictive. Do not install if you have better things to be doing such as studying for final exams.
game-hours: 308.5
review: Still one of the best games I have played.
game-hours: 145.7
review: best game ever
game-hours: 125.4
review: If you havn't played skyrim you've missed out
game-hours: 285.0
review: BEST GAME EVER.
game-hours: 76.1
review: Super fun game. If you're into open world RPG's where you get to decide who lives and who dies than then is the game for you!
game-hours: 130.9
review: Its like Fallout but with magic, more epic environments and landscapes, improved graphics, amazing soundtracks, huge world to explore, etc. Fallout is epic as well, but this game goes beyond that. Everything that is good, this game has it!! Except for the freaking spiders which has become a nightmare for me. Yes, i'm arachnophobic. I know that there are mods to replace it but i'm a bit lazy at the moment. :| My Rating: 10/10
game-hours: 45.4
review: If you have never played this game, something is wrong with you...
game-hours: 496.6
review: Awesome game, extremely replayable, supports tons of different play style, one of the BEST.
game-hours: 610.0
review: Awesome Game, Alot of play time!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 483.7
review: You WILL spend hours playing this fantastic game so stop reading and buy the game. ( 20/10)
game-hours: 76.5
review: YEESS YEEESSS BONJOUR CROISSANT!
game-hours: 291.2
review: Very Elder scrolls, such explore, much dragonborn WOW
game-hours: 168.5
review: THIS GAME IS SO GOOD THAT I HAVE TO WRITE IN ALL CAPS!!!!!!!!!!!! AND USE EXCESSIVE EXLIMATION POINTS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 200.5
review: this is a great game!
game-hours: 212.2
review: Fantastic game. Poured countless hours into it and the DLC really adds another dimension to it on top of the already extensive and addictive gameplay. Overall, brilliant game, 10/10
game-hours: 25.3
review: Dis Is Good Game
game-hours: 100.3
review: this games is the best the graphics are great the sound is amazing the action is great and the weapons are awesome and you can not stop playing you will easly fet lots of hours
game-hours: 72.0
review: This game is THE BOMB. 10/10 would buy this. kill dragons get money.
game-hours: 304.3
review: Played about 600+ hours on the 360, then moved onto the PC..Game still amazes me, so much content and endless fun
game-hours: 681.1
review: I have no words to describe how detailed this game is! The story line can't be called a line. Its more like a net. Its as close to virtual reality as a p.c. can get. You know it is good when your avatar starts to steal something and you look around your livingroom to see if any one can see you!
game-hours: 197.4
review: This is one of my favorite games of all time. I love the wide open world and the natural leveling of the abilities that you actually use. Amazing detail, story line, and dialogue.
game-hours: 828.8
review: A cultural phenomenon, and probably the best game ever made. Tops my list, anyway.
game-hours: 491.5
review: I have been a fan of Elder Scrolls for many many years, and while I would rate this one as being somewhat less brillant than past games, it is still a top rate RPG. I could hate this game for being simplified for more casual gamers, but the success of this game means that future TES games are more likely, and I am a fan of that any day. There is no reason not to love this game, any complaints you have can be changed, fixed, improved, or removed with mods made by you, or by the multitude of people out there. The stories in the ES universe are as good as it gets. It is a complete world with so much depth, you can play the game again and again and find things you never knew before. Older games like Morrowind have even more depth as far as stories go (and your place in them). Skyrim is flashier and more accessible to the average person, but if this game has you wanting more, try the older games in the series, they are arguably better in terms of story and depth. If you can deal with older graphics and game systems that is. In spite of the age, they offer more in the way of character building, and require more effort and are more rewarding as a result. The magic system alone in Morrowind rewards creative and clever people with an amazing number of spell effects that can be mixed any way you want. You can spend as much time modding this game as playing, and the modding community consists of people who have been modding TES games for a decade or more. There is no lack of things to do with this game, and if you are willing to invest some effort it can become many times over the game you first purchased. Worth every penny and then some.
game-hours: 337.3
review: Very detailed and hours of game play
game-hours: 40.1
review: Great game, so much to do - almost an unlimited amout of guest to do. Great NPC interaction, 10/10 game.
game-hours: 32.2
review: It really is a fun game, gotta add mods after a while to give it some spice :D
game-hours: 81.2
review: great play, great graphics, great game.
game-hours: 60.6
review: I cant imagine if someone hated this game. Its a never ending game whether you beat the main quest or not there is always something to do in Skyrim. Mess Around, Do quests, Buy items, and ect you will never get bored! The graphics are fantastic and the atmosphere is great. There are so many fun, scary, and suprising quest that i wont spoil so you will have to see for yourself. The game is even better with DLC. That adds even more quests, weapons, spells, and armor to get. Lucky for me i had gotten this game for only $8.00 for 2013's Christmas sale. Even if you have to get it for $30.00 its still worth it. If you happen to have the cash for it, you should totally buy it! :D
game-hours: 820.3
review: Awesome new edition to the Elder Scrolls series. The only things bad I could find about the game is that it is to easy, In the other games like Oblivion and Morrowind It was a challenge even at lower difficulties In Skyrim I had to turn it to Master to actually have problems killing the npcs/animals. The other problem is that they took away a lot of the magic system
game-hours: 29.9
review: [THE SUBTLE FLAWS OF SKYRIM] (flaws people should consider before purchasing) NOTE: I've invested hundreds of hours into a cracked version of Skyrim before actually making the purchase on steam, so it only shows that I've played 10 or so hours. Screw me, right? Everytime you hear about Skyrim, it's always some magnificent praise. "It's the best RPG of this generation!" they say, "It's the best game ever!" And I don't blame them, Skyrim really is magnificent. The amount of content, QUALITY CONTENT, within this game is phenomenal. It's arguably the longest singleplayer experience in the history of gaming, without ever feeling as if it was being dragged on artifically. In fact, the pace of the game is entirely in your control. Want to burn through the main storyling? Fine. Want to take your time and breathe in the atmosphere, choosing from a variety of interesting quests? Fine. Elder Scrolls games always feel as if you are in control; that your story is yours to shape. It's that signature feeling of control and freedom that makes an Elder Scrolls Game....and Elder Scrolls Game. Unfortunately, Skyrim is the least arguably the least immersive of the series. Here is why: 1. HANDHOLDING, HANDHOLDING EVERYWHERE There are already plenty of videos on youtube going into detail of this flaw. Basically, features that gave the player more room to fail are removed in favor of some forms of handholding. There will be times where an NPC is invincible just because he's essential to the story, and the game does not want you to fail the quest. There will be no need to acquire a sense of direction, (as in Morrowind) due to the giant compass pointing to exact location of where you need to be. Even something as simple as opening the only chest in a small room will have a pointer; obnoxiously telling you what to do. For some people, this is a welcome feature. For me and quite a lot of other people, it's a ridiculous flaw. It breaks the immersion that we always expect from an Elder Scrolls game. There isn't even an in-game option to turn this off. (Mods, of course, are able to change this, but I shouldn't have to mod my game for something as simple as the compass) This game does not treat you like an adult, capable of solving problems. 2. YOU HAVE NO INFLUENCE One of the most common complaints of Skyrim players is that you're never actually able to affect the world. The prime example of this complaint is that once you finish the War questline, you have supposedly conquered the land and driven out the opposing side. And yet you still see the same type of NPC's patrolling the land. Only sometimes do NPC's "recognize" you as a valiant warrior of your faction of choice. I put that in quotations because all they're doing is saying "I've heard of you!" and then moving on with their day. , I was entire reason why the war was won. You should be kneeling down and licking my boot! Everyone treats you the same. It doesn't matter if you slayed Alduin or became the thane of ALL HOLDS. People still treat you like crap. 3. GAMEPLAY IS LESS DIVERSE Your time in Skyrim will follow this exact pattern, deviating only a few times. 1. talk to people 2. murder everyone in a dungeon-esque area 3. talk to more people Remember in Morrowind/Oblvion where you are always faced with multiple ways to complete quests? If you played as a stealthy character, you would always take advantage of the enviroment to sneak around and either poison your enemies by sneaking poison into their food, or finish them off with stab to the back. The quests in both games further promoted this sort of mindset, with some quests that are even impossible to complete without truly thinking outside the box. Here in Skyrim, you always end up fighting the same enemies in an (arguably) bland dungeon. It doesn't matter if you play to be stealthy, you're always going to be fighting head on. 4. OBNOXIOUS LEVEL DESIGN Levels are not made with authencity and realism, but for the gameplay in mind. Nearly every fort, ruin, or cavern will always be a straightforward path leading from point A to point B. The inhabitants of said dungeon will simply just stand around. Not very immersive, is it? And that about does it for my "review" of Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim. It's a brilliant game, but only if you don't have the...refined tastes that'll prevent you from having fun. And chances are, you don't. You won't know unless you try, and at the wonderfully reduced price of $30, there is virtually no reason to have a try at this 200+ hour adventure. Huzzah!
game-hours: 30.7
review: yes! best medieval game! I love this game so much! i highly recommend for expierenced RPG players... for ones that want a level based game like thief i dont reccomend... if ur new to this type then i suggest u start out with greatswords/collect arrows/steal keys/steal/take/collect coins/ take potions and food. then after ur good try out fallout. its basically elder scrolls with guns and its retro nucular apocalypse and zombie-type, great game! u will love both games. i promise.
game-hours: 95.3
review: This game is epic!! (Literally as it is really large). Appart from that the gameplay, missions and graphics are excellent, you could plug the HDMI cable into your head and just live in there away from the real world - and not be bored for the next millenia. However the ability to move and shoot stuff in this game is evidence that it is a complete rip-off Halo as in Halo you can move and shoot stuff as well (clear proof) XD.
game-hours: 132.4
review: For anyone who like good-old-fashion RPG's with one of the greatest modding comunities. One way or another you will enjoy it
game-hours: 287.7
review: I miss the warm beaches of Elsweyr...
game-hours: 260.4
review: if anyone wouldnt recommend this game... their a boring person
game-hours: 25.5
review: 10/10 Like Far Cry 3 without guns.
game-hours: 230.8
review: This game gives me a chubby buy it and play it!
game-hours: 11.2
review: skyrim has all the elements that a rpg gamer wants along with some things that can catch the eyes of some older gamers...i give 10/10
game-hours: 54.2
review: If your a fan of the Single Player RPG genre, then this is the game for you. Amazing graphics, huge areas to explore, very nice gameplay, and endless hours of fun. I also suggest checking the Elders scrolls online if your into the MMORPG genre, its coming up in april and it looks like it could be the game to end the WOW era. The storyline is very compelling, even though u can be overwelmed by the amount of quests you have at some point, at least if u play like me who tries to be a perfectionist and talks and tries everything, but an amazing game overall. I advise you to buy it with all the expansion content (just for an amazing 19.90), and give it a go, you wont regret it.
game-hours: 264.1
review: ONE OF THE BEST GAMES EVER MADE. AS LONG AS YOU CAN INSTALL MODS FROM STEAM YOU'LL HAVE 500+ HOURS OF ENJOYMENT, AND EVEN MORE THE SECOND TIME ROUND. 10 / 10
game-hours: 69.8
review: THIS GAME IS SO AWESOME I EJACULATED FOR 4 DAYS STRAIGHT AND PASSED OUT FOR 2 WEEKS. WHEN I WOKE UP I REALISED THAT THE ONLY THING IN MY HOME WAS MY COMPUTER, SO I DRAGGED MYSELF TO IT JUST TO WRITE THIS REVIEW AND PLAY MORE SKYRIM!
game-hours: 296.4
review: This is the most complete and emmersive game i have ever had the pleasure to play, the graphics are spectacular even before the mods, the gameplay is smooth and decisive, there is over a hundred hours of game play and plenty of different classes and avenues to go down, to keep you busy for months, or like me who's time is a little more precious, years. 9.9/10
game-hours: 234.4
review: You might not see any dragons at first but don't worry! They're coming! Not just two dragons, there's, there's gonna be five! And they're gonna be huge! You won't believe it! Not now but SOON! King Joffrey is still at King's Landing, but there's a young blacksmith who wakes up one morning with a plan. And His wiener gently hangs down between his legs. Soft and flaccid, his wiener glistened in the golden sunlight. Right before King Joffrey gets poisoned, everyone flaps their wieners all around his face. So then Samwell Tarly sees the army approaching, and his wiener is about this big. He knows that Stannis Baratheon's wiener is probably shriveled from the cold. Samwell has to rally his men, so what does he do? He takes out his wiener and he dangles it around for all his men to see.
game-hours: 139.0
review: This is one the greatest games ever made.
game-hours: 61.8
review: Endless possiblities,Endless fun.
game-hours: 388.2
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim... Damn, i love this game! If you can get it cheap, buy it! It's worth the money.
game-hours: 318.9
review: Oh yes a yes very bett ah
game-hours: 98.4
review: Best Game ever. I can't stop playing it. I've bought a lot of games for the winter sale on Steam, but I simply cannot stop playing this to try them.
game-hours: 80.5
review: Easily one of the best games I have played to date.
game-hours: 1042.6
review: This game is poorly balanced, has more bugs in it than a flop house matress, has some of the hamiest voice acting I've ever heard. I could go on and on about this games failings but I Won't because Skyrim is, in fact, the best game in the known universe. If, for some reason, you havent played this game yet buy it!
game-hours: 111.2
review: Skyrim is perhaps one of the best and most solid games I have ever played. Everything from the graphics to the combat is top notch quality, worthy of the Elder Scrolls series and that of Bethesda. The one thing I love about Skyrim is how optimised it is. It is a massive world teeming with enemies. I never experience any FPS drops. The graphics are great, but mods only make it better. I've modded my Skyrim to be more realistic in terms of graphics and gameplay. This is a very addictive and time consuming game. You start off as a dirty runt in the middle of the forest with no direction. Soon you meet the locals, and you experience Skyrim. The bandits, the dragons, the Draugr and every enemy lurking in Skyrim will soon tremble beneath you. There are basically three types of gameplay you can pursue, the path of the Warrior, the Mage or the Thief. There are the three core gameplay features, but you can mix them up, such as becoming a Battle Mage. As you play you gain levels and skillpoints. Ther'es lots to see and do. There are many storylines to pursue, from the main story to the College of Winterhold quests or Companion storyline. (There are many more.) But Skyrim isn't all slaying enemies. With the Hearthfire expansion, you can build your own house and adopt a kid. You can also get married. You can smelt your own weapons and armour, brew your own potions, cook your own food and so on. This is the first game every gamer must play. Bethesda did a real good job making it. Now to the bad sides. Every good thing has its downsides. One of the things that I don't like is the physics engine. There are mods available on the Steam Workshop such as the Static Mesh Improvement pack that makes world items behave more realisticly, but I really hate the ragdoll physics. They're very stiff and it just bothers me . :/ Also the combat is a bit weird. When you're locked in combat and you start a powerswing, nine times out of ten you will charge straight at your enemy. Often you will slide along their hitbox and actually swing missing them. I find it kind of annoying. Anyway, good game 9/10
game-hours: 318.3
review: Another fine chapter in this great franchise!
game-hours: 55.4
review: Best game ever ! if you like a story to get sucked into and forget the time, this game is for you !
game-hours: 4.3
review: PERFECT RPG !
game-hours: 134.8
review: This is honestly remearkable! truly insane dut to INCREDABLE GAMEPLAY! YOU HAVE TO BUY IT
game-hours: 201.2
review: Game of the decade.
game-hours: 135.8
review: Overall, it's a pretty great game, but it just didn't have the level of immersiveness that I was expecting and it didn't end up keeping me hooked for that long.
game-hours: 96.5
review: It's real life but with dragons and no taxes.
game-hours: 499.5
review: 10/10 would put half my life in again
game-hours: 85.7
review: This is so far the greatest game ever made. It will provide hundreds if not thousands of hours of entertainment, with full mod support you can make it into a whole new game. I suggest before you buy this you say goodbye to your love ones because you wont see them again for quite some time.
game-hours: 8.9
review: Epic game really fun to play
game-hours: 125.1
review: Why do i even need to recommend this game?! This game is awesome, everyone knows that for sure! Get a few mods and choose a race that suites you and you'll be on you're way to becoming a legend!
game-hours: 61.3
review: Simplesmente pico.
game-hours: 4.3
review: Hard as  to run, still an amazing game
game-hours: 1304.8
review: Best game ever!!!!!
game-hours: 109.8
review: Best singleplayer game ever !!!!!!
game-hours: 46.4
review: Skyrim is a great game
game-hours: 70.1
review: Late to the party, but loving this game. Made even better with the 2k texture pack on my new PC.
game-hours: 69.6
review: Great and just plain amazing, great graphics, very moddable and plain fun and if you want to get serious, it has a great storyline in which i've beat 3 times. Not including the many, many hours of seemingly never-ending side quests and standalone storyline type quests.
game-hours: 3.6
review: 10/10 it's like skyrim with guns
game-hours: 52.7
review: Best Game Ever
game-hours: 315.5
review: The world of Skyrim is such an amazing place to explore and get stronger even without mods up the wazoo.
game-hours: 71.2
review: The best game anyone has ever seen, with a variety of adventure, all you need is a toilet and a desk, and you are set, Verdict 1000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000/10
game-hours: 519.0
review: Best game ive ever played, if you dont have it, BUY IT NOW
game-hours: 76.8
review: Loving this game since day 1.
game-hours: 40.4
review: Awesome Game that everyone should play at least once!
game-hours: 105.8
review: I wish the skill system was more like Oblivion, but. whatever. I became bored of this game very quickly on console. However im still having fun with it on PC do to modability, which made it so i CAN have the Oblivion/Morrowind system through mods. If you can, get this on PC, not console.
game-hours: 68.0
review: Digital crack cocaine.
game-hours: 3.0
review: Great story, immersive environments and very detailed game. Definitely a must have!
game-hours: 645.1
review: pretty good game ye know.
game-hours: 506.1
review: YOU BUY DIS NAO
game-hours: 162.9
review: 10/10 This is the greatest game I have ever played in my life. I have over 2500 hours in this game (I played about 700 hours on Console, and the rest on a pirated version (I know, I'm terrible) I only recently bought it.) This game, besides the bugs, is flawless. It provides so many hours of fun. There are so many quests, so many places to explore, and just so many things you can do. There are endless possiblilities and you can build your character however you want. I've had about 7 full play throughs. My favorite build has been sneak assassin in conjunction with alteration spells. I have still yet to explore all the clever ways to gear your character. If you have not yet played this game, you need to. The graphics are absolutely amazing and the world is beautifully sculpted. It doesn't just end here. Bethesda, yet again, does not fail to impress. The modability in this game has resulted in fellow players to create mods that completely change the game. And new mods come out quickly. Even the incredible graphics can be put on steroids with mods, making the game seem incredibly realistic. If you have not played this game, you must. Since the game has been out for quite a while, the Legendary Edition will go on sale during the seasonal sales for about 20 dollars. And I promise, it will be the best 20 dollars you have ever spent. I really regret not buying this game earlier and playing so much on the pirated version.
game-hours: 96.5
review: Skyrim is not just a game, it's a whole world in your hands! The story is just Crazy, side quests are great! You can become a great warrior, or be a regular family man, the choice is yours, but know the world of Skyrim is great friend of mine and he is waiting for you!
game-hours: 6.9
review: reech 4 da skai(rim) - woody da cowboi
game-hours: 13.6
review: Just enjoy it
game-hours: 15.2
review: Best game of the last generation made even better with mods :)
game-hours: 46.7
review: AMAZING
game-hours: 127.1
review: The best game of 2011. Story and the characters are a bit weak, but the sheer amount of things to do and places to see cannot be matched. This time it's not just endless cut & paste dungeons either - It feels like for the first time in the Elder Scrolls series the technology, gameplay and general scope merge together to form a really satisfying game.
game-hours: 166.0
review: Well, it is an Elder Scrolls game and due to the fact that i watched my dad playing Daggerfall when i was a little cub this is something that is almost melded to my body. The Elder Scrolls games where an essential part of my life in the way that i read EVERY SINGLE BOOK INSIDE OF THE GAMES SINCE OBLIVION. Why did i do that? I really dont know it but what i know is that i know quite a lot about the Elder Scrolls Saga and so i feel like writing a review for this. Before i start i should say sorry because i will bring points up which may be a bit missleading, i really like the game in the state i have it in right now and am a complete Scrolls freak so i could counter every point of mine with the Argument that it is part of the Elder Scrolls. So where to start, maybe with the kind of game this is. This is if you would ask me a Sandbox game with RPG elements and not a fullblown RPG and this is why, the most characters in the game appear too onesided, there is almost nobody that questions his or her own actions and even if you can influence the country's politics and raise up in ranks it doesnt really matter. Well that doesnt make any sense Larker you might say now but let me describe what the difference is. If you usually proceed to a higher rank you feel proud because you accomplished something and this feeling isnt existant in Skyrim because these promotions fly in your direction and the reward almost feels casual. Skyrim is in some respectives an rpg, without any doubt but it just doesnt feel completely like it even though it fullfills one point which i will talk about in a second. The game has a good structure and the World is somewhat fascinating with many locations which are interesting enough to visit. There are some parts in it that are repetetive but its in a way that isnt annoying and that is quie an accomplishment if you consider the size of this world. The Quests are a bit more repetetive but i have to defend them because there arent that many things in a game like this that you could give as a quest. The Skill System is good and the shout system brings an interesting aspect into the game even if i have a bit of an argument with myself about it because i personally believe that a shout is entirely different from a bigger power and thus should be on an other button but well what do you wanna do. There are 2 giant problems though. 1. The writing and the story on its own is mostly just sloppy compared with games like oblivion, the characters feel dumb and the interaction is really basic, i understand that bethesda might have gone for a bigger audience and they succeeded but on the way they dumbed down the game quite hard. Interestingly enough are the facts that the books in the game hold more interesting writing than the characters speeches. It doesnt matter if you are an archmage or a Thane because for the guards those two things both are on the same level (They also are most of the times just annoying). The games tries to be a game and thats actually fine by me, if you consider that most Games that try to send a message these days only cause more problems. Though there is maybe and im really not sure about it, critique about politics in it. At the point where the two factions meet up it feels more like kindergarten than politics, but as i said im not sure if this is a critique made by the game developers that was made intentionally. 2. Some Career choices just arent viable on their own. It is unbelievably boring and hard to actually train some traits, like alchemy for example and even if you do they sometimes dont benefit you that much. I picked alchemy because it was quite recent that i made a Skyrim run with an alchemist. So you level up your alchemy but then you find out that brewing poisons and mixing potions on its own is somewhat useless, sure you could put it on your weapons and potions are always awesome but i imagine an alchemist as a mage not as a warrior. So what else could i do? Well you can obviously poison them not by weapons but by simply putting the poison in there bags, what do you need for that? Well another Trait so yay. You Basically have 5 ways to actually viably fight your fights, these are one handed, two handed, archery, destruction and conjuration. I cant completely say i didnt know that before the game came out but i really hoped that i would be able to go a path and dont have to leave it to actually be viable. Why would I hope such a thing? Well now we can talk about that point i spoke of before. Skyrim isnt a hardcore RPG because you arent forced into a character that socially develops and thus almost everything concerning your character happens in the players mind or happens not entirely. It is Roleplaying in its pure way or you arent roleplaying at all and you rather arent roleplaying because due to the few REAL decisions you are limited to the dumbed down format of the game which doesnt give you enough options to play freely, thank Meridia though that there is Mod support for the game which basically gives it an insane amount of replay value and fixes to play as you want. Pro: Beautiful and giant World, Mod Support, High Replay Value, Easy and smooth Story, (Elderscroooooooolls!!!!!!) Contra: Bad or Mediocre Writing, Bad for Roleplaying, Dumb Characters, Too small influence on the world Who should buy this game?: Well almost every person might try this gem, it is easy to start into rpg's with skyrim due to its simple format and can be lots of fun. However if this is your first RPG you might rather not buy it at a full price, if you already like rpg's and are up for a bit of 'sploring you should pick this game up at any time. Make sure that you always buy the legendary edition due to the bigger content and its cheaper to buy it like that, than all on its own. Also check out the Workshop for skyrim and maybe check out TheGreyLight, he made some amazing and useful mods. Sincerely, Lord Larker the Lurker
game-hours: 34.5
review: Best game I have ever played by far!
game-hours: 4099.9
review: A game that deserves the attention of anyone who plays video games in this era. If you are late to the Elder Scrolls bandwagon, now is a great time to hop on board.
game-hours: 420.6
review: What can I say you can honestly do and be whatever you want in this game plus dragons
game-hours: 37.9
review: The game is perfect 2/10 <3
game-hours: 27.4
review: If you honestly dont own Skyrim yet and claim to own a Gaming PC I have a set of instuctions for you Step 1 - Unplug computer Step 2 - THROW IT OUT Step 3 - Re-evaluate your life choices This is the crme de la crme of RPG's. It is the RPG Godsend. I swear this is the only game you will ever need. It is that special type of amazing you can not type. 10/10
game-hours: 67.2
review: Best RPG I'd ever played !
game-hours: 66.0
review: Skyrim is one of my favourite games ever! It's a Fantasy,RPG were your choices make your own story. If you get it one Steam you can get Mods and make the game even more Fun :D. I would rate this game 10 out of 10 for the PC!
game-hours: 173.2
review: Love the Huge Map that seems to go on forever. Fast travel is also a plus
game-hours: 65.0
review: Best open-world videogame ever made ! Full of great mods.
game-hours: 97.7
review: This is awesome !!!
game-hours: 120.4
review: Not sure what else can be said about this game that hasn't been said already but I loved it. Definitely try it out if you haven't already! + Countless hours of entertainment + Beautiful world full of lore + Freedom -/+ Ooo what's that? A cave? (Never get anything done, because there's so much to do) - NPCs don't have much depth - Annoying creatures (a dog I shall not name)
game-hours: 129.3
review: Best-Rpg-of-the-Year.
game-hours: 192.4
review: Skyrim is my baby, I'm not even sure how many hours I've put into it on PS3...xD I've just recently moved gaming to PC, and I'm really excited to play Skyrim with mods. Best game ever, in my opinion! ^-^
game-hours: 322.6
review: Excellent rpg with hours and hours of main/side/guild questing. The dlc is fantastic as well and is great for both keyboard and controller in either first or third person. Plus theres hours of workshop stuff to play around with.
game-hours: 42.7
review: One of the best RPGs ever created!!!
game-hours: 90.7
review: This game is amazing.
game-hours: 21.9
review: worth buying any RPG player will love this game
game-hours: 587.7
review: Absolutely astonishing. Unfortunately it's also frustrating at the same time. Even the tiniest bugs really disrupt my style of play (i've played the same character for a little over 2 years, over 400 in-game days). Decided to start over because of it. And some of the bugs really aren't that tiny (unification quest's camp missions). Other than the bugs it's near perfect. AFAIK there's no other game that allows such immersion. At times it's just breathtaking to stroll around in the mountains, or at the northern coast's glaciers and hear the ice crackle (which at first made me jump at my seat, or as it were at the time, Crom dive for his life). Hearthfire is really the best part: no other game has yet allowed to actually build a home with your own hands, more or less to your specification. The overall feeling IMHO is: this could only get better.
game-hours: 269.8
review: Very fun game that can be played several times without getting boring.
game-hours: 315.8
review: As with anything in life, everything has its downsides; and as with any sequel, there are just some things, certain aspects about the series that the ones that proceeded it to have seemed to do better. Skyrim has its issues, and quirks without a doubt, and as with anything, I would haver prefered to see it do some things a little differently. But with all this said, I can honestly say that I do not care in the long run. The quality of the game that Bethesda has brought us is undeniable; the simple Beauty and immersiveness of the world of Skyrim is capable of trapping even the most cynical of critics in its net, and likely to keep them tangled there for hundreds of hours to come. And for all those of us who have had the pleasure of purchasing this game for PC know, what we have seen presented to us is only the beginning, and hundreds of ravenous and talented fans will be putting their all into morphing this game into even further of a masterpiece. Oh... and there are dragons...
game-hours: 115.9
review: this is one of the most complexed games and simple at the same time. you better get some energy drinks with this game its going to be addictive.
game-hours: 78.7
review: soooo gooooooddd......and i want the achieviment for this
game-hours: 32.4
review: it good
game-hours: 11.6
review: 10/10 s of skyrim is best mod
game-hours: 44.5
review: The most addictive & rewarding game I have played in a long time. It looks spectacular. I even spent days just wandering around looking at the scenery, discovering more and more as I went along. The main story arc offers months and months of gameplay especially when added to the numerous other storylines, be it The Thieves Guild, The Dark Brotherhood, The College at Winterhold, The Companions, The Empire vs The Stormcloaks war and more. How you to respond to the in-game characters dictates how they respond to you and allows you to access a multitude of side quests which keep you occupied as you continue on your epic journey. Choose how you want to play... are you a warrior relying on your skills with weaponary of do you rely on magic to vanquish your foes? Choose your follower, even get married and raise a family!! Oh... and slay a few dragons on the way!! Don't be fooled by the mere 42 hours I have played on Steam... I have over 1000 hours of gameplay on the PS3 version. A game so good... I bought it again on PC. Such a shame I don't own an Xbox!! Otherwise I would have completed the trifecta!!! Highly Recommended!!
game-hours: 69.0
review: Amazing game, love it's depth, gameplay and story. Simply amazing. 10/10. Imagine how great would multiplayer be...
game-hours: 141.2
review: Great Game.
game-hours: 30.9
review: Skyrim the fifth game in the Elder Scrolls series lived up to what I expected and even surpassed it the game play and the story are very good.
game-hours: 654.7
review: Skyrim is epic, visually stunning and it haves an outstanding gameplay.Skyrim is all that I ever wanted in a role playing game. It is like a dream come true and very very addictive.
game-hours: 167.8
review: Tremendous.
game-hours: 49.5
review: Get this game it is the
game-hours: 161.3
review: I bought this game before, and I've bought it again.
game-hours: 136.5
review: Muy Bueno Such Graphics Much wow
game-hours: 899.4
review: It's awesome, idk what else to say :(
game-hours: 16.3
review: The safe version of heroin. Addictive 12/10.
game-hours: 130.9
review: Skyrim is an open-world RPG with many, many hours of content. You start out picking your race. Do I want to be a Khajiit, and roam Skyrim as a thief and/or assassin, or do I want to be a Nord, running up to enemies and crushing their skulls in with swords and axes? There are over 10 different races to choose from, and each have their strength and weaknesses. There are hundreds of quests that are available to the player. Hundreds of caves, dungeons, and castles dot the landscape of Skyrim. There are various groups to join, each one focusing on different skills. The College of Winterhold, a magic-focused group of people. The Dark Brotherhood, bloodthirsty assassins who kill their targets and claim their rewards. The Thieves Guild, a handpicked-few who excel in the art of sneaking, pickpocketing, and stealing things from other people. Last, but not least, the Companions, A few of some of the finest warriors in Skyrim, who fight and live for glory. Battle dragons, skeletons, trolls, and many other beasts, all while making a bit of coin and arming yourself with deadly enchantments, armor, or weaponry.
game-hours: 151.4
review: Great Game
game-hours: 535.2
review: SkyrimSkyrim  The Elder ScrollsV:Skyrim
game-hours: 185.6
review: you can kill both dragons and your time 11/10
game-hours: 29.5
review: Uber!
game-hours: 292.9
review: A wide open and immersive RPG masterpiece, Bethesda once again proves their proficiency in open world games with the latest installment of their single-player RPG titles. Skyrim boasts an incredibly detailed world complemented with plenty of combat, missions and powerful story to instantly hook in any player seeking to lose themselves in a whole new world. Skyrim's gameplay can be summed up with the sentence: "Jack of all trades, master of none". Meaning that there are multiple methods of combat, from your typical dungeon crawler slaughterfest to management of spells to stealth. Since Skyrim is such a huge game, the budget can be expected to be stretched a little thin on all fronts, meaning that while there is a lot of options for gameplay there are still some flaws keeping them from being perfect. Some examples include wonky hit detection (sometimes I shoot an arrow directly at an enemy, and the immediately slide a couple feet to the left and dodge the arrow all together) and absolutely idiotic AI resulting in stealth mechanics coming up being a wee-bit too easy. But this is generally a minor flaw in the face of the big picture, Skyrim is simply grand in size and spectrum, with a massive emphasis on exploration of the deepest caverns to abandoned ruins of ancient civilizations, each being unique and offering something new to experience with it's composition of puzzles, enemies and layout all perfectly wrapped up with beautiful visuals that make the player feel like they really are somewhere else in the universe entirely. The story of Skyrim is but one of many different quest lines, and none of them are completely mandatory. A player if they so desire can completely ignore the main storyline after the prologue, and can explore this well polished and lively country at their own leisure. There are so many different experiences to encounter with the story in Skyrim that I dare not try to list or summarize any of them, and instead encourage players to go out and discover them on their own. Of course with any good RPG, character customization is a huge aspect of Skyrim. The player can choose from one of a dozen races ranging from humans, elves, cats and lizards. Evolving their respective playstyle and spending points earned through levelling up into perks that can enhance their play method of choice. However, minus a few exceptions, the cast of NPCs in Skyrim are for the most part extremely forgettable as they all share the same lineup of voice actors and use the same animations as well as recycling dialogue. This however is forgivable given the broad spectrum of gameplay that Skyrim has to offer. And as a testament to the PC master race, owners of Skyrim on Steam gain access to the Steam Workshop which allows easy download of endless community-made content which ranges from simple bug fixes to all out re-imaginings of some of Skyrims iconic locales. With access to so much content both official and community made it is easy for a player to spend hours on end in this imaginative and memorable world. Being my first time playing any of the Elder Scrolls games I was completely blown away by Skyrim and I have gained an irrefutable respect for Bethesda (despite my overall lack of interest in their Fallout series). So in conclusion, in spite of it's unfortunately massive collection of bugs and glitches, Skyrim is beyond any doubt one of the best RPG titles on the market and only an utter fool would consider the possibility of denying this.
game-hours: 155.6
review: a must have
game-hours: 228.3
review: Let's make something clear: Bethesda, you SUCK at making a stable and bug free game engine. But thankfully the modders did a better job than you and fixed your problems. If you intend to use a few simple easy mods to fix the game's issues, then I very much reccomend the game. I love playing it with a few mods enabled. My only current problem is the unstoppable freezing issue with the Dragonborn DLC (So don't get it). Other than that the game is fantastic. HOWEVER, if you intend to NOT mod the game, and just play it as is, do not buy this game. I'm not bashing the graphics, (they do suck, has that stopped me from playing? No.), I'm bashing the engine. It's very buggy without mods to fix it, and there are some main quest line missions that can't be done (I.e: A Cornered Rat, and if you have Dragonborn, Dragonslayer and The Temple of Miraak.) So get the game, download the "unnoficial skyrim patch" and the others if you have the DLC, get "skyrim project stability" if you want to increase FPS, and any other mods you may find useful. Don't forget the SKSE (skyrim script extender) mod so that these can run. Don't be intimidated by modding this game, as it is very easy to get the hang of. In fact, the Skyrim Nexus even has a mod manager that will handle installation/uninstallation for you.
game-hours: 578.3
review: I don't have a life anymore because of this game. But damn i love it.
game-hours: 200.2
review: After 200 hours on PC and 350 on console, I can definitely say this is one of the most expansive and fun RPG games in a long time. The level of options regarding combat are quite limitless; whether you want to be a man-sized cat sneak-thief, a heavily armored medieval warrior, a powerful mage, or an unarmed monk that simply uses ancient dragon shouts to level his foes. The graphics for it's time were stellar enough, but with the vast mod community and official support by the developer Bethesda, there is a myriad of mods to enhance every visual aspect as well as in-game mechanics like player animations, tweaked crafting and leveling, different mounts, improved UI... The list goes on forever. Whether you choose to use Steam's built-in workshop or the third-party Skyrim Nexus site is at your discretion. The game contains a main quest, faction quests, side quests, and miscellaneous chores, as well as a preposterous amount of dungeons to be cleared and looted. However, this is only vanilla version; modders have constructed several well-built custom quests of their own. In one case, a team of modders made an entire game expansion, similar to an official paid DLC. Buy this game.
game-hours: 296.1
review: Play this game, or the gaming world will disown you. It is a simple as that.
game-hours: 9.6
review: If you have never played Skyrim, you have never experienceed ife.
game-hours: 127.4
review: Skyrim is still a great game after 85 hours of playing with my first character! All the different mods also add ton of extra possibilities.
game-hours: 10.3
review: If your'e a horny f!uck you should mod this game!
game-hours: 85.8
review: Great adventure game where you can slay dragons and i love slaying dragons.. indeed i do ... this game is good.. kinda glitchy... still good.
game-hours: 48.3
review: You can spend many nights with this masterpiece without losing your interest. Only negative side i could find is that the dungeons are starting to repeat themselves at some point later in the game. But so many things have been done right with this game that one minor negative thing won't ruin your gaming experience. 9/10
game-hours: 58.4
review: Skyrim provides very enjoyable RPG gaming content for you to play. Very good gameplay combined with great graphics provides many hours of fun. As well as this, it has a lot of replay value, as there are many different ways for you to play, from a High Elf mage to a Nord Warrior, this game packs a lot of bang for your buck.
game-hours: 95.3
review: Well what is there to say about this game... lots to be fair. This game is massive! You can be playing it for hunderds of hours. I know this because between playing it on the Xbox 360 and my PC I've amounted somewhere in the region of 350 hours spanning 3 or 4 different characters. The best reason to even consider getting this game though is the ability to download mods. The number of mods is truely unbelievable ranging from weapons and armours to massive DLC sized quest lines of which there are plenty which can add many more enjoyable hours of play. In short this is a truely great game if you like to play games and amazing if you're a fan of RPG's. A must buy!
game-hours: 36.0
review: This game is just to amazing not to play, especially if you like a very good rpg with a great story and action to it. The game is has alot of content in the regular campaign and in the DLC content you can buy with it, you will never really get board of the game because the massive amount of mods and I mean massive. The mods for this game very's from funny mods like a playable chicken character to very cool player homes and etc. So if you have 20$ on your steam and you have no ideas what to get I recomend The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim to you
game-hours: 191.8
review: Buy it.
game-hours: 262.5
review: Best first person free world Rpg
game-hours: 286.9
review: Mod it. Mod it until it crashes.
game-hours: 55.8
review: This game.... If you enjoy fantasy or if you don't I still recommend it. The story is great even though I've never finished it, because around every corner and in every town I find something else that distracts me and takes me far away from whatever I was doing. These small cryptic notes and clues everywhere makes the world so much mysterious you will find it hard to get bored or run out of things to do. As this is a game about discovery and exploration I can honestly tell you no game pulls it off quite like Skyrim. And even though it looks like I havent played much most of my game time wasn't recorderd and I've actually spent ~200 hours in game
game-hours: 226.5
review: ing awesome
game-hours: 50.4
review: You know, when Skyrim first came out in 2011 I was very skeptical about the whole Dragonborn thing, not being a huge fan of Dragon Lore. But I gave it a go just because I loved Oblivion so much. Played around 7-8 hours and the game was so bugged I just uninstalled it and forgot about it. Then came the Steam Summer Sales and wham! Skyrim was on sale for just 3.7 euros. I looked around and the game was patched to a version 1.9, plus there were thousands of mods on the Workshop. So I gave it another chance to fascinate me, and boy did it do it's job. I am now a bit over 20 hours on my playthrough, and let me say just one thing - it's not about the Dragons. It's not about just being Dragonborn. It's not about killing the ers and using their scales for armor. For me, personally, it's about having this vast open world with tons of unique NPCs to interact with, or just roaming in the wilderness doing what ever comes to your mind. Just because you can. It differs from many other RPGs I played, because it isn't 100% linear. And even when you encounter some linear quests, the world is so beautiful and immersive you forget about it quickly, and you just do your thing, what ever that thing is. You wanna be a hunter? Sure. A two-handed weapon barbarian? No problem. A cat blacksmith? You get my point. I can't recommend this game more, it's easily going in my top 5 games ever. With a creative mind and the right mods you can achieve anything, and that's the beauty of Skyrim.
game-hours: 56.7
review: Such an beautiful open world game!!! There are also sooo many mods out there that will make this amazing game even better!!
game-hours: 179.4
review: Outstanding video game. The story is captivating and I found myself getting sucked in immediately. There were definately times where I would rush home so that I could hop on and see what happens next in the campaign. The modding capbilities with this game are unreal, you can really make your installation as you like it. I run mine with ~100 mods at any given time. (Small things, like different bugs can really add to the immersion) 10/10, can't get enough of this title. The only downfall I've found, is in most situations, this game has better graphics than real life. Thus, when I'm afk, I'm frustrated with how terrible outside looks.
game-hours: 22.4
review: This is by far one of the best games i have ever played!
game-hours: 17.0
review: Brilliant game, one of my favourites. Once you get into the game it's hard to stop playing as it feels like you're actually there walking around personally. Lovely graphics with amazing gameplay. I would recommend to anyone thinking about purchasing the game. You can spend hour galore exploring Skyrim, the fun never ends! I'd pay 100 for this game with the sheer amount of fun and pleasure it's given me over the years.
game-hours: 28.7
review: awesome play with all the cheats or just play the game etiher way its big bunch of fun and i recommend it if you have a strong computer.
game-hours: 7.9
review: Besides pokemon as a child, this is probably the most time engaging and entertaining game I have played. Every playthrough is different and for me there is still hundreds of hours of content still to do on top of what I have already done on PS3 and Xbox. Mods add an entirely new view into the world and lore of Skyrim, but besides that, the Vanilla version is easily one of the best games I have played. If you're debating on whether or not to buy it, keep in mind its not for everyone, but if you like an open world with amazing lore and hundreds of hours to play through, then this is a game for you.
game-hours: 58.2
review: Enthralling, can spend hours on this game without even knowing, couldn't put it down
game-hours: 65.7
review: 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 474.4
review: love this game bought it 2 years ago and im still playing finding new things to discover everyday.
game-hours: 27.6
review: Yes.
game-hours: 173.8
review: Kiss your real life goodbye as this is your new home. Hours just fade away. Nothing in this game feels like a grind. I think I was around 40 hours in before remembering there was a main quest to do. Lots to see, monsters to kill, chicks to marry and loot to plunder. 10/10, would bang.
game-hours: 101.8
review: Great game. Hours and hours of fun. So many things to do. If you are planning to buy this game get the Legendary Edition because that comes with the add-on's.
game-hours: 296.2
review: If you like The Elder Scrolls Series then this is par for the course. they've improved graphic, and scaling systems from previous betheseda games but still carried on some of the notorious bugs.
game-hours: 36.8
review: It's like Far Cry 3 with swords.
game-hours: 16.2
review: Simply Amazing!
game-hours: 26.0
review: great game unlimited potential with modding hours of gameplay 10 out 10
game-hours: 73.8
review: Probably one of the best games i've ever played. Even though it is a little old, it still is a great game. Skyrim has a lot of things to do other than the main quest line. Plus there are mods that adds even more content to the game. Would game again 10/10
game-hours: 204.2
review: I could never get into previous Elder Scrolls games, but had a greatly different experience with Skyrim. I highly recommend this game, even to those who have not be fans of the series in the past.
game-hours: 50.5
review: This game is the best!
game-hours: 162.3
review: If you have a soul, you'll play this game
game-hours: 71.3
review: Great open world Game
game-hours: 30.9
review: Skyrim the fifth game in the Elder Scrolls series lived up to what I expected and even surpassed it the game play and the story are very good.
game-hours: 654.7
review: Skyrim is epic, visually stunning and it haves an outstanding gameplay.Skyrim is all that I ever wanted in a role playing game. It is like a dream come true and very very addictive.
game-hours: 167.8
review: Tremendous.
game-hours: 49.5
review: Get this game it is the
game-hours: 161.3
review: I bought this game before, and I've bought it again.
game-hours: 136.5
review: Muy Bueno Such Graphics Much wow
game-hours: 899.4
review: It's awesome, idk what else to say :(
game-hours: 16.3
review: The safe version of heroin. Addictive 12/10.
game-hours: 130.9
review: Skyrim is an open-world RPG with many, many hours of content. You start out picking your race. Do I want to be a Khajiit, and roam Skyrim as a thief and/or assassin, or do I want to be a Nord, running up to enemies and crushing their skulls in with swords and axes? There are over 10 different races to choose from, and each have their strength and weaknesses. There are hundreds of quests that are available to the player. Hundreds of caves, dungeons, and castles dot the landscape of Skyrim. There are various groups to join, each one focusing on different skills. The College of Winterhold, a magic-focused group of people. The Dark Brotherhood, bloodthirsty assassins who kill their targets and claim their rewards. The Thieves Guild, a handpicked-few who excel in the art of sneaking, pickpocketing, and stealing things from other people. Last, but not least, the Companions, A few of some of the finest warriors in Skyrim, who fight and live for glory. Battle dragons, skeletons, trolls, and many other beasts, all while making a bit of coin and arming yourself with deadly enchantments, armor, or weaponry.
game-hours: 51.9
review: There are few words which can describe just how amazing this game is. Yes, there are a few bugs but they aren't game breaking, nor will they reduce your enjoyment of the game. A huge, detailed world is at your disposal, for you to do what you wish. Want to complete the story as fast as possible then go ahead, you are free to do so. Want to be a completionist and do all the quests available? Afraid not, as the quests are endless, randomly generated throughout your time in the world. Add to this the Steam workshop you literally have endless amounts of content! Sorry you completionist types :( The combat feels responsive, the heavy blows feel meaty and the varying types of armour make the character feel different, whether you are wearing robes or heavy plate, mould your character into whatever you want them to be. If you are a fan of RPG's and action then you simply have to play this game. If you aren't a fan then still HAVE to play this game!
game-hours: 70.2
review: This game is crazy fun if you like killing dragons.
game-hours: 14.0
review: If you haven't played this, you're missing out big time on a beautiful expansive adventure. Instead of going to work/school, explore the vast icy landscape of Skyrim for months and months on end. Leave this boring world behind. It'll be amazing.
game-hours: 121.6
review: There is no reason why you should not buy it. Don't have it? Than buy it. Period.
game-hours: 177.4
review: Skyrim, following Fallout 3 and Oblivion, is yet another ambitious title that presents a massive and fully explorable world with only the players disposition to guide them through the seemingly endless number of quests and adventures. Those previous titles were strong, evocative games that still had the lingering sense of not fully realizing their ambitions. Skyrim is that realization and is the apotheosis, not only of the open-world format, but of what games can accomplish. It is perhaps the finest experience ever made available in the medium.
game-hours: 428.7
review: One of the best game i have ever bought.
game-hours: 34.9
review: Great & Epic GAME...........!
game-hours: 76.6
review: It is A great Game It is Basically A Gamers Wet Dream Adventuring Stealth Magic And ITs Like A Never Ending Quest Im Level 27 Im a Stormcloak/Companion/Assassin/Theif/Adventurer/Dragonborn Its AEverything You can Wish For unless You Like FPS like CoD Because Your a
game-hours: 86.7
review: Timeless game. You could probably have over 700 unique hours of gameplay.
game-hours: 57.2
review: This is one of the best games i have ever played.
game-hours: 241.8
review: Its pretty cool because you can explore an expansive open world with many different locations to explore, each having their own problems and features. The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim puts you in a customizable character's feet, making decisions that can impact questlines and future events i.e. Dawnguard. There are many different weapons and items to collect, that revolve around the three combat classes: warrior, mage, or thief. Overall, you have to explore Skyrim to see for yourself! Great Game!
game-hours: 109.1
review: Fun!
game-hours: 41.1
review: this game is a awesome love it so much cant get board of it
game-hours: 157.0
review: I have spent way, way too much time on this game, and I keep coming back to it to do more. At some point here I need to get around to finishing the main quest line. :)
game-hours: 258.4
review: Best open world game I've played. It's highly immersive and engaging and is a brilliant look ahead at what we can hopefully expect from open world games going forward.
game-hours: 120.1
review: While I have more time (off of steam) logged onto Oblivion, Skyrim is an excellent addition to the elder scrolls universe. 15/15 would reccomend to any fellow rpg lover.
game-hours: 596.4
review: This is a great game that everybody shoud at least try out. I have been an Elder scrolls fan sinc Oblivion (that game is realy good too). it will most certanly take hundreds of hours from you. greet lore, great word. a prety god combat and mmutch replayebilety. So what are you waiting for!
game-hours: 73.6
review: One of the most expansive and immersive rpg's to date, a world of adventure and discovery awaits, a game that still stands solid today and has a plethora of quests to complete and areas to explore. One of my top 5 favourite games of all time.
game-hours: 118.3
review: love this game
game-hours: 21.0
review: wow jeez sktri,m best reoopg 2011
game-hours: 45.1
review: HOLY ING  THERES DRAGONS. ok lets start of by saying  the guards in white run i mean "did someone steal your seet roll" (arnold schwarzenegger)   your sweet roll i am dragonborn i wil tear your ing eyes out shuff them up your  to see the  your producing so no someone did not steal my ing sweet roll . and what the  is up with alduin i mean nordic god of destruction and i killed him with an ebony sword and a shout that apparently anyone can use or learn wow thanks obama anyways i give this game a solid #payday 2 has to many updates and for all you non heisters out there that basically means UPDATE ING 30 AND THERES STILL A  TON OF BUGS I LOVE THIS ING GAME YEAH FOR CAPITALLISM
game-hours: 98.2
review: I recommend this game.
game-hours: 76.7
review: GOTY 2014
game-hours: 359.3
review: You will spend hours on this game and just when you think you have had enough mods keep pulling you back in
game-hours: 420.5
review: this game is one of the best rpg open world titles on pc even more so if you delve in to the mods that are out there. with the rich enviroments and npc's amazing character development. anyone who is looking for a game to play i would suggest this game first secondly you can buy the legendary edition on steam for about 10 so what are you doing still reading this review. seriously why are you still reading. STOP READING AND GO BUY IT NOW.
game-hours: 7.4
review: SKYRIM is my favorite game ever..!
game-hours: 206.0
review: the elder scrolls v: skyrim is a geat rpg open world game from what i played i would give it a 9.6/10
game-hours: 155.1
review: awesome game - love the addons you can get too
game-hours: 37.2
review: incredible game 10/10
game-hours: 119.4
review: I. Can't. Stop. Playing.
game-hours: 194.7
review: Very good game, would recommend.
game-hours: 698.4
review: I bought it and didn't see the light of day for about a week. I almost died, I lost all of my friends, my family... IT RUINED MY LIFE. 10/10 Must have. BUY IT NOW. DOI IT. NOW.
game-hours: 84.8
review: Great game...
game-hours: 153.8
review: If I have 107 hours on record and I've only been able to use 800x600 resolutions and kept all the other settings on the lowest possible level, the game has to be pretty good. 5/5 ebin
game-hours: 241.6
review: Awesome standalone, but mods can bring it to a whole new level as well. Can be tasking to a PC when heavily moded, but worth the trouble. Bethesda also delivers the deep story line that they always do.
game-hours: 147.6
review: Skyrim is one of the best video games ever made. Mods = infinite replayability.
game-hours: 721.0
review: Ruined My School and Social life 11/10 Would do that with TES 6 again.
game-hours: 112.9
review: Amazing just buy it!!
game-hours: 142.2
review: This game is addictive and very immersive, aslo the modding community is great nd i have lots of fun playing and exploring mods. 10/10
game-hours: 113.4
review: Awesome
game-hours: 20.7
review: Its very good free roaming game.Its only the mods that glitch with your game beware of that!
game-hours: 124.9
review: This is game is amazing!!! I loved the quality of it and it has an amazing story line with extra sidequests... It's never ending I swear...
game-hours: 196.1
review: 170 hours in and still enjoying it
game-hours: 411.5
review: After hundreds of hours spent exploring the world and plundering the deepest and darkest dungeons, I realized that I have only just begun to touch on the main storyline of the game. So much to do, so much to see. But you don't have to take my word for it!
game-hours: 298.7
review: I would recommend this game to anyone! There is sooooo many places to explore and you just can't get enough! I would give this game 9/10
game-hours: 80.2
review: Ah, adventure. Theres a reason this game got Game Of The Year. It rightly deserves it's place on that list and definitely deserves a place on your PC!
game-hours: 113.4
review: Awesome
game-hours: 20.7
review: Its very good free roaming game.Its only the mods that glitch with your game beware of that!
game-hours: 124.9
review: This is game is amazing!!! I loved the quality of it and it has an amazing story line with extra sidequests... It's never ending I swear...
game-hours: 196.1
review: 170 hours in and still enjoying it
game-hours: 411.5
review: After hundreds of hours spent exploring the world and plundering the deepest and darkest dungeons, I realized that I have only just begun to touch on the main storyline of the game. So much to do, so much to see. But you don't have to take my word for it!
game-hours: 298.7
review: I would recommend this game to anyone! There is sooooo many places to explore and you just can't get enough! I would give this game 9/10
game-hours: 80.2
review: Ah, adventure. Theres a reason this game got Game Of The Year. It rightly deserves it's place on that list and definitely deserves a place on your PC!
game-hours: 171.6
review: First step, buy this game... then buy Oblivion and then Morrowind. The best game series, ive even seen ! Great,but short story and GREAT HUGE WORLD ! Great engine and more things. B 9/10 . Its not the same game, this mean is not better than oblivion.
game-hours: 79.4
review: I just love this game! :) The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is SEXY!!! :D
game-hours: 52.6
review: I ING LOVE THIS GAME
game-hours: 74.1
review: Probably the best game ever made until they make another one. Great graphics, fantastic community mods, and Everything about it makes me gay. 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 91.6
review: This game is literally the best game. If someone were to lock me in a room for the rest of my life with no contact with the outside world whatsoever, and allowed me one thing to keep with me, it would be skyrim. I wouldn't even choose a computer to play it with, just thinking about the game is enough. A freat open-world game with immersive graphics, detail beyond your imagination, and limitless potential with community made mods. If you buy one game, make it Skyrim.
game-hours: 19.9
review: bethesda softworks
game-hours: 193.3
review: Best Game of The Decade
game-hours: 727.5
review: It's Skyrim, nuff said.
game-hours: 110.6
review: Pros: -Made to be modded(frankly, it saves the game) Cons: -Bethesda Game -Terrible Optimization(Excuse the peasant term) -Bugs, bugs, bugs It's as simple as that. A game that was saved by the community. Modding it makes it a whole different game, which in turn, saves it.
game-hours: 131.9
review: I was made into a midget and was impaled by a spear thrown by other midgets that were blue. 10/10
game-hours: 27.9
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is the fifth installment in the main Elder Scrolls series. Despite being a pretty fun and quite worthwhile game, especially with mods, it has continued in a direction that I and some older fans dislike. The game is dumbed down with limited character variety, because of the ease of building a jack-of-all-trades type character. The story of the game isn't stellar, but it is still passable on most occasions. The main quest isn't that satisfactory as some of the guild quest lines, even though I do believe they were better in Oblivion and Morrowind. The game also offers a wide variety of side quests, many of which have interesting stories. The gameplay is not particularly good nor is it bad. The melee combat is simplistic and doesn't feel as fast paced or satisfactory as one could hope, since it comes down to just left-clicking to attack without much variation. The ranged combat isn't special in any way compared to other similar games, but it's a solid and quite enjoyable system. The magic system is very bland, with little variety amongst the various offensive spells. The games most lacking aspect combat-wise is the stealth, as the AI is quite lackluster and offers no challenge. The graphical fidelity on the game is above average, it is definitely not the best out there, but for an open world game it still is very solid. I don't really have anything to complain about the fidelity itself, since the texture work etc is well done -mostly-. Graphically the games short-comings come up when you look at the art-direction and world design: Skyrim is very grey. Simply, the world is very bland for the most part. The colours are toned down and not as appealing as earlier installations. Despite the game's flaws I do still recommend it, especially at its current lower price point. With tens to hundreds of hours of gameplay, it is a good game for any fan of action 'RPGs'. The game has an extremely active and prolific modding scene, with mods to mend many of the games flaws and offer content to re-invigorate it.
game-hours: 230.6
review: I do recommend people play games such as Morrowind and Oblivion too when getting this game. Skyrim has such an amazing feel when running out in its really big open world area. Then a dragon flys off a ledge, grabs an innocent bystander and throws him.The dragon then lands right infront of you trying to kill you. Seriously dragons are the best part of this game. The quests are fun except I dont care to do them again unless it was going to the afterlife of the Nords and fighting alduin again. The characters emotions look alittle blank unlike Oblivion where the character has a bit more of the look in their face. But their voice acting is ok. I recommend a good graphics card to run the game. I cant imagine how this game is already 3 years old. I feel like its still a very new game.
game-hours: 15.3
review: it is done very well and i can play for hours. its a should buy game
game-hours: 246.8
review: It earned the most game awards of the year for a reason!
game-hours: 1058.5
review: Its got a few hours of content, its an alright game.
game-hours: 64.3
review: Lit a chicken on fire, got killed by guards. 0/10
game-hours: 46.2
review: Amazing.
game-hours: 53.1
review: Great game full of versatility.
game-hours: 17.5
review: A must have for any collection, fan of elder scrolls or not! Fun to play! Fun to mod! 10/10
game-hours: 57.2
review: The Best Yet
game-hours: 94.4
review: FUS RO DAH!!!
game-hours: 311.5
review: Best game purchase I've ever made. Entered the Elder Scrolls series late into the game, but Skyrim proved to be good enough to make me dive back and purchase Morrowind as well as Oblivion. I hope I never forget the awe I felt experiencing my first open world RPG by escaping Helgen and exploring the vast country and opportunity Skyrim offers.
game-hours: 228.6
review: I bought this game DEC 2011, at $60.00 when it just came out on steam, so grab a bargain now folks for $9.00, awesome game
game-hours: 71.0
review: very fun game hours of gameplay
game-hours: 326.4
review: Probably my favourite game of all time! :3
game-hours: 126.5
review: I downloaded mods for boobs....they look real good
game-hours: 150.9
review: Because who doesn't love going to jail for assaulting a chicken or stealing a cup.
game-hours: 168.9
review: oh hell yes
game-hours: 45.3
review: Skyrim is one of the best games ever!
game-hours: 112.7
review: IT'S SNOWY. BRING A COAT.
game-hours: 255.5
review: One of the greatest games I've played. Huge amounts of things to do, total freedom to do them, a game where you can absolutely tailor your gameplay experience the way you want it, also thanks to many great mods. All taking place in a beautiful world filled with life.
game-hours: 71.3
review: Click here to write a comment to all your friends I don't have any friends!!!
game-hours: 362.6
review: I take a cloth from dead bandit, then fap it. 69/10
game-hours: 10.2
review: You will loose yourself on this one. The mood is awesome and so much fun! Just care for the killer mudcrabs...
game-hours: 20.0
review: Before I start this review, i want to say 1 thing. When I first got the game, I hated it. I couldn't understand the hype behind it, the combat was awkward, there were places everywhere to get stuck and the people felt SOOO 2d with very little personalities. but I stuck at it for about 3-5 hours to see if I was missing something. And holy poop was I wrong about everything. Although my play time won't show you (my pc is terrible so I play skyrim mostly on xbox), Ive sunk easily 400 hours in this game and have got to level 50+ about 8 times, and its made me buy both oblivion and morrowind, each of which ive got over 150 hours on. Although I know skyrim is better than oblivion (sry oblivion fans, although it still beats most other games with a club how good it is) im not sure whether i like morrowind more than skyrim. Yes the graphics are bad, combat is almost unplayable and the lack of fast travel (although it does gives a much bigger sense of achivement) can just be borderline annoying, it is LENGEND-----------------------------DARY at customisation, depth and that soundtrack is the  of every fantasy nerd ever + a billion car revs. But I still have to hand it to skyrim. Yes its dummed down, but I dont care. It's so accesable and epic, the only downside is overpriced DLC (Its great, dont get me wrong, but only get it on deal as it isn't needed to kill your social life and its about the price of the game nowerdays) and, as i said breifly, you will look like the vampire you will inevitably become in-game because of lack of sunlight, as you wont be going out much after you buy this. p.s. I would also say multiplayer, but I hate to say it but ESO crushed my dreams of a truely great online elder scrolls, so I say stick to single player. pp.s. also ZOIDBERG MOD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 4.1
review: If you're reading this, you've probably been living under a rock. #DoItForTheBadge
game-hours: 267.1
review: Skyrim..... Sounds pleasant. I spend more than 200 hours in skyrim and that was very cool! And actually i complete the game with unlocking all quests and achievments. That was not boring at all. The world in the game looks very nice. Quests are interesting and epic. In my opinion this is one of the best games ever. So if you need the advise,here it is-you should buy Skyrim and you will not be sorry about that! 10/10
game-hours: 97.5
review: BEST RPG EVER
game-hours: 234.8
review: Awesome game. Doing this for level 3 badge
game-hours: 1.6
review: This was a favorite of mine back on Xbox 360 looks even more awesome on PC glad to relive all over again at this great summer sale 2014 price. Can sit and watch this all day lol
game-hours: 205.0
review: Skyrim is my childs father
game-hours: 310.2
review: One of the things I look for in games is replay value - Skyrim is no slouch in that department. The amount of content in this game is incredible - I've been playing this since it first released in 2011 and I'm still discovering quests and locations I've never found before. A single playthrough can easily log in excess of 100 hours, over 200 in some cases depending on your playstyle. It may not be the perfect game, but the ability to customise it with mods allows the community to shape the game: fix bugs, add new content, overall increasing the lifespan and enjoyment of the game. Would I recommend this? Any day of the week, without a doubt.
game-hours: 70.2
review: I have not played this game yet. 10/10
game-hours: 38.7
review: Really good RPG but I do miss the repair features from the previous game oblivion.
game-hours: 817.2
review: Very fun and good game! It stays fun for like... forever! :D
game-hours: 169.6
review: Huge time sink, somehow keeps you addicted even though it wasn't that great
game-hours: 139.7
review: love this game <3
game-hours: 381.9
review: Durp durp durp thiz iz Awesome!
game-hours: 282.2
review: If you like Open World RPG's with a huge story and tons of Adventure, GET THIS GAME NOW.
game-hours: 275.2
review: This is the best game I have ever played :) so many things to do and so much fun!
game-hours: 47.4
review: Skyrim is a way of life :)
game-hours: 105.8
review: You will have to spend dozens of hours to fully explore Skyrim. Like any other Bethesda game, it has its share of imperfections and broken promises, but it's exciting and fascinating.
game-hours: 34.0
review: The first time I played Skyrim it was around december of '11. A family member had brought it over and I thought "these graphics are amazing, I don't deserve to have access to this." With the right mods to flesh out the game, Skyrim can be right up there with Morrowind. If your PC can handle it, I say give it a shot.
game-hours: 716.4
review: it a good game
game-hours: 35.5
review: Games so fun to play ripped as  bro
game-hours: 328.9
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is the new blockbuster RPG from Bethesda. Is it the "ultimate RPG" all the hype surrounded it portrayed it as? No, it is not. But that's because no single RPG is for everyone. If you're looking for Dragon Age or The Witcher in Skyrim, you won't find it, as they're different kinds of RPG. If you're a fan though, and you're mainly looking for more Elder Scrolls, you can't go wrong with this. Much like the previous game in the series, Oblivion, it offers a mindbogglingly huge amount of content from the get go. Content that will take hundreds of hours to completely go through. And by then, you will have forgotten such a big part of it that a second playthrough doesn't seem like such a bad idea. Unfortunately, just like Oblivion, at the end of the day there isn't a huge variety of dungeons and once you've seen one of a said type, you've pretty much seen them all. Skyrim has tried to correct this somewhat, adding flavor to most of the dungeons in order to make them unique, but it can get tiring once you've faced the same enemy 70 times. Combat in this game is the best in the series. Third camera mode is actually viable, and while you cannot pick classes in the previous games like you used to, you can now level up freely by gathering enough skill levels, with enough skills for you to be able to create a specific, personalized character. While this deep personalization remains in Skyrim, some aspects such as spellmaking and custom enchantment creations are completely gone. While some may say this is to avoid your character being a fearsome god of destruction, Skyrim almost makes it too easy for you to do this anyway, allowing even the strongest opponents to fall easily. This includes dragons. Before Skyrim released, Bethesda made it seem dragons were the most fearsome thing on Nirn. And while the first few times you do get to fight them they will put a decent challenge, Bethesda's scaling works poorly to keep it that way as you level and gain vastly better gear. Add that to these encounters being quite common at times, they completely lose that "epic feel" of the fight and just become an annoyance, pure and simple. This wouldn't nearly annoy me as much as it does if it wasn't for the fact that other, clearly looking weaker wildlife found actually put up a better fight than the dragons do. A Shadow of the Colossus or Dragon's Dogma approach to these encounters would do the trick, as those by comparison make the dragon fights in Skyrim disappointingly shallow. While the main quest for this game is mostly horrid, it is the sidequests that offer the most enjoyment. The Daedra quests are especially great. As with the previous games, factions such as the Dark Brotherhood can be joined, and through their storyline, you will eventually rise through their ranks. A minor detail that's bugged me since Oblivion is that these factions never take into account your actual skill levels. Suppose you'd join the Mages College in Winterhold, and the teachers may comment on your great talent, but really, they're just commenting on your lack thereof. You can fully complete its storyline, clearly aimed for mages, having no magic skills at all. I know Daggerfall's old by now, but even there they would check your skills to see if you were a suitable character to join their organization. Why did they not keep this in subsequent games? While these games can be extremely immersive, sometimes that immersion can be broken at times, either by bugs, which will always be present in such a gargantuan beast of a game, or by AI repeating the same lines over and over, notably the guards' comments when you approach them. It could be worse though, no longer will you find the world of Tamriel only having 5 voice actors working on it so there are still improvements. The graphics as well. Skyrim is simply a beauty to behold. Last, and by no means least, the modding community. They have always been a staple in the series since Morrowind, adding hours of playtime to these games. Skyrim has not changed in regards to this, and it fact made mod installation easier thanks to its addition to the Steam Workshop. Find a mod you like? Just hit that subscribe button and open the launcher to see the game download it automatically. It's ridiculously simple, and you'd be silly not to give some of the fantastic mods already released a go. It's almost a sin to want to buy the console versions, due to what they miss on. These are the kinds of games that, 10 years down the road, with their DLCs fully released, will still have people modding them, and that is quite special. All in all, I say Skyrim is a must-have for anyone with a remotely passing interest in the series. It's just that good. Complete with a deep customization, great setting, believable world and endless potential. Make sure you have a lot of spare time, this game will soul trap you for a long time, and you will more than likely thoroughly enjoy it, as I have.
game-hours: 744.1
review: Endless fun. Got almost 700 hours now and with mods the contents just keeps comming!
game-hours: 21.0
review: I killed a dragon with my fists..
game-hours: 96.3
review: this is a really good game
game-hours: 652.5
review: It's okay, I guess...
game-hours: 644.4
review: Immersive, major replayability, amazing lore and a bazillion of mods to enhance the game experience. Go fus ro dah your credit card.
game-hours: 135.3
review: This game is amazing. If your'e questioning whether or not to buy it, stop being silly and do it. You know who doesnt buy a game like this and enjoy it for hours and hours on end, communists thats who. Are you a rouskie? Are you trying to force a group of kids to flee into the woods for survival and call themselves the wolverines while executing small covert strikes against you? I didn't think so. Play skyrim you wont regret it.
game-hours: 41.0
review: Stepping into Skyrims world is like wrapping yourself in a furry, Nordic cloak that smells like your childhood blanket. Yes, the Oblivion you remember fondly is back  everything that made the last Elder Scrolls so lovable has returned. Yet now its a bit wilder, a bit rougher, and a bit more dangerous, and boy is the game better for it. Whereas Cyrodiil, the province from Oblivion, was a fairly typical temperate climate with deciduous forests and gentle rolling hills, Skyrim is a bitter, cold northern region (remember those impassable mountains in the north of Cyrodiil? Skyrim is just beyond them). This doesnt mean the game world is a monotonous frozen waste: the land is diverse, but it has a wonderful tone to it that is very much Viking Axe Clanking and Visible Frosty Breaths Huddled Around Crackling Fires. Its forbidding, slightly bleak, and yet also incredibly cozy when you come in from the cold.
game-hours: 119.0
review: Muito Bom, concerteza horas de alegria sero adicionadas a sua vida.
game-hours: 530.3
review: By far my favorite game in years. You can do no wrong by getting this! Worth EVERY PENNY. Endless custimization and the best single player game out there! GET IT!!!
game-hours: 44.6
review: Play this game. You've seen the hype. Now give in. There's a reason skyrim content still routinely makes the reddit frontpage: TENS OF THOUSANDS OF PEOPLE STILL PLAY THIS and think it's good. You want example, boy? You can place buckets on people's heads.
game-hours: 224.7
review: A phenomenal game. So deep and rich, meaning an immersive and long-lived experience. A game I will keep coming back to.
game-hours: 102.3
review: Didn't realize there were so many mods to this game. adds a lot of new stuff.
game-hours: 43.8
review: Skyrim... thats a 5 stars.
game-hours: 100.0
review: is good
game-hours: 845.9
review: I found Skyrim to be immensely enjoyable. Right from the word go you are able to make a character from multiple races and alter their appearance as you wish. After the tutorial you are released into the vast, beautiful world of Skyrim. As you travel around the land you will experience breathtaking scenery, from snow-covered peaks to glowing caverns, and many unique caves/dungeons/ruins which contain a multitude of enemies from spiders to dragons. You can spend your time mastering the many skills available or completing quests, which there are a ridiculous amount available. In doing so you can gather equipment to allow you to create any kind of character imaginable. If you enjoy an RPG with freedom of creativity, dynamic combat and awesome scenery the Skyrim is for you.
game-hours: 116.0
review: Skyrim cured my diabeetus. I can now live a long healthy life in my studio apartment with my 30 cats eating white chocolate macadamia nut cookies into my golden years. God bless Skyrim.
game-hours: 19.3
review: EPIC!
game-hours: 116.1
review: sweetroll
game-hours: 681.7
review: Let me put it this way: I've put in well over 400 hours into this game and I'm still discovering stuff I've not seen before, ways to play I've never played before (pushing draugr off into the abyss never gets old!), and rediscovering things I've seen before, but still seems fresh. Mods for this game are out of this world, and can completely change the experience, adding to replayability. I love this game.
game-hours: 48.1
review: You already know everything I could telly ou about this game, but you should get it if you don't already have it.
game-hours: 55.4
review: This game ruined my life.
game-hours: 145.8
review: SHWING
game-hours: 373.0
review: I think that the elder scrolls v: skyrim is a great game. You can do pretty much everything you want, and to think how long it took Bethesda Studios to make this game is just unbelievable. This is one of my favorite games of all time, and i highly recommend it.
game-hours: 11.6
review: One of the best games ive ever played. Played it already for over 500 hours on ps3 and i just got it on pc for the mods. I love this game and everybody that loves open world games too must play this game!
game-hours: 111.0
review: uber cool
game-hours: 70.0
review: I used the clearskies shout to kick a goat of a mountain
game-hours: 18.2
review: Tahit Lamer! Ziyadesiyle gzel bir oyun!
game-hours: 131.3
review: I love this game so much!!! play it play it play it!!!
game-hours: 38.9
review: God when playing this game it feels like I have no real life. Glad to have spent many hours adventuring.
game-hours: 258.5
review: Najlepsze RPG w ktre graem :D
game-hours: 88.9
review: One of the best games in the history of ever.
game-hours: 148.1
review: comon its SKYRIM everyone has to play this atleast once :D
game-hours: 79.0
review: This game is awsome!!!
game-hours: 211.5
review: Dragons
game-hours: 387.5
review: If you don't own this game,I feel sorry for you.
game-hours: 19.2
review: its okay but... i always get lost and dead everytiem :/
game-hours: 285.8
review: Kick dragons and women in the nuts or don't that's your choice to make.
game-hours: 102.4
review: Wow... i was blown away by this game so mush content for only $20.00 now. This is a must buy if you like one of the following Action Openworld Huge modding community Fantasy role playing Killing dragons. This game has countless hours of content main missions, hours of side missions. you have guild you can join Darkbrotherhood, Thiefs guild, the Companions. (sorry if i left some out) You can craft and make new items you can make potions, enchantments for weapons. You play how you want you want to be a evil theif go ahead. you want to be a mage go ahead if you want to be a brute go ahead. If you want to be all three go ahead. But sadly no game is perfect. The game has glitched ozzing out of it. Everyone thats not important sound the same(I can see why there is tons of people but a few more voice acters could make a big diffrence.) But wait theres more Mods mods and more mods. The modding community is huge and i mean HUGE. There are mods for everything, you want more weapons you got it. You want diffrent homes well you can have a mansion. you want to be lazy and have everything handed to you well ok you got it. In Short it is a very good game and is worth buying.
game-hours: 101.8
review: Still one of the best RPG games ever made. Full of mysteries, Quests and a f..ing epic story with dragons, and nords. Simple Skill/Pers system, really good inventory, and stuff. Even shouting someone from a cliff worth the money.
game-hours: 286.7
review: What can I say? This is absolutely the boss among the games.
game-hours: 17.1
review: skyrim is better than reality. 10/10 would waste my life again
game-hours: 109.6
review: This Is Apparantly what it has to offer...
game-hours: 536.5
review: The rendering, scenes, gameplay and action is outstanding. Well thought out, designed and impliemented. Can't say enough good things about the game... The over 500 hours (lost LoL!!) should say it all. Looking forward to ES/OL edition and ES-VI and beyond...
game-hours: 153.5
review: iz good
game-hours: 182.1
review: out of every game i have ever played its my third favorite second is cod and first is pokemon but this game is great
game-hours: 150.8
review: Such a amazing game if you like RPG games you must purchase it. The feeling when you say its last quest and you camt put it down, is invaluable.
game-hours: 134.7
review: Amazing... Just amazing!
game-hours: 159.4
review: I saved a lot of money, because i told my self, that i will not buy any more games untill i finish this 100%...
game-hours: 118.4
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is one of the best games I have ever played. Skyrim is a snowy and unforgiving place that has been struck by war. The Imperials and the Stormcloaks fight for the land and the freedom of Skyrim. Then there is You; A Prisoner (Like in all of the Elder Scrolls games) Captured by the Imperials and sentenced to death, and out of all of a sudden a dragon appears and attacks the local town you are in. The rest of the game is all up to you and your decisions.
game-hours: 1214.2
review: A good adventure RPG, a step up from Oblivion. High quality visuals, good story line, lots of places to explore and things to do. Be any race you want, save Skyrim, by supporting the Storm Cloaks rebellion or the Empire. Add Hearthfire and have a family, with a home YOU build. The possibilities are almost endless.
game-hours: 103.9
review: I am aware of the number of reviewes already published, but I believe I have played this game (as well as the other TES titles) enough to give my imput. I would be brief and simply point out pros and cons rather than an emotional review about the past games and melancholic memories they recall. PRO - Immersive and non-repeatable gameplay: whether you choose to be a brave warrior, a sneaky assassin or a wise mage, there is no standard option or guide to obtain the perfect character! As in the other TES titles, you can really get yourself into a variety of classes (even though there is no actual standard class) that influence the gameplay and the advance of the story (it is fun how the NPCs around Skyrim wil lrecognise you not simply as a Dragonborn, but also in various ways depending on your quests) - Lore: TES lore has always been the most fascinating thing in my opinion, and in Skyrim it will hugely affect your experience! You will find all the old lore as well as new local one. - Different difficulties for different challenges: You can be new to the genre as well as a veteran, the different difficulties make Skyrim a game perfect for every kind of player! - Great storyline: besides the Dragonborn quest line (which is already great despite some too "obvious" points), all the side quests and storylines create a fully interactive world with its problems and issues. I find the Civil War storyline the most interesting! - Great DLC: despite many other games, DLCs are definitely worth having! Dawnguard adds an involving storyline to some new great and spectacular abilities, Dragonborn, with its brand new location, offers hours of wonderful gameplay, storyline, abilities and easter eggs, Hearthfire, even if can seem quite useless offers an interesting alterantive gameplay. - Stunning graphic: being a title released in the 2011, we must admit it..even the most powerful PC still have little problems in dealing with the max graphic settings! The visual impact of the world is simply amazing, and the Workshop elements can only make your experience even better! CON - Perk system vs Old level up: I am a huge Morrowind fan, and when I firstly saw the perk I was quite disappointed. It doesn't allow the huge customize possibility as the old title did. - Repetitive dialogues: as the game progresses you will find a number of standard dialogues being repeated over and over, the arrow in the knee joke will not be fun anymoe when every guard will repeat it. - Easy enemies: as your abilities gets stronger, you will find that enemies will be easier to kill. Normally it would be a positive aspect (hey, I level up to be stronger, not weaker!), but when a Draugr is more challenging than a Dragon, than you may be quite disappointed. Overall I would DEFINITELY recommend this game and if someone still has to purchase it...do it, before Jurgen WIndcaller himself Fus Ro Dah you!
game-hours: 78.3
review: I would reccomend this to anyone who have played open world games like GTA or Minecraft.
game-hours: 133.5
review: Considering that this game has consumed my life the way a Dragonborn consumes a dragon's soul. Ten out of ten. My main problem with games is that I beat them too fast and then lose interest afterwards. Skyrim has given me so much to do that I don't know where to even start. Don't feel like doing the main quest? Don't do it. This game has the freewill that a lot of others lack.
game-hours: 171.2
review: Awesome Game
game-hours: 579.3
review: Why would you need a recommendation? It's SKYRIM. You already know it's perfect. However, if you don't already own it, you're probably a heathen anyway and never intend to.
game-hours: 21.8
review: When this game first came ou in 2011, I got it on console & hated it! My taste in video games has changed a bit, so I thought since it's on sale for $4.99 I'll give it ago. I just bought it & I've played for about 4 hours. I just got sucked in, lol. It's still not quite my type of game, but I enjoy learning & being open minded, so I shall just continue to play & kill things. I also enjoy stealing :x It's fun taking a  ton of food & weapons. I feel like a bad a**. I think it's worth $4.99 & $19.99 if you don't catch a sale.
game-hours: 95.6
review: This game is quite alright.
game-hours: 57.1
review: good game
game-hours: 19.4
review: Love it! One of the favorites in my list. Also has an awesome selection of mods to keep it interesting :)
game-hours: 51.8
review: Loving it so far!
game-hours: 0.3
review: liked
game-hours: 52.3
review: You can learn the art of wabbajack!!
game-hours: 28.0
review: One of the best RPG of this generation!!!
game-hours: 45.4
review: It's Skyrim, what more do you want from me?
game-hours: 213.8
review: i have come to the conclusion that this game is freakn dope
game-hours: 5.9
review: Lot of qests and amazing word 2 explore
game-hours: 68.5
review: Wonderful graphics and an in depth storyline, I love this game.
game-hours: 565.8
review: No matter how long you play it you always see new things 100/10 BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 185.6
review: It's IN Skyrim!
game-hours: 10.3
review: Amazing... I know this game was released a fwe years ago but i don't think it's too late. The AI (guards villagers etc.) are extremely reactive and tough. Combat is just stunnuing and the realistic graphocs... oh dem graphics. I would reccomend you buying this game if you are into fantasy games BUT it there is one downside: THE LARGE MAP!!! The map is HUGE it takes hours to cross it and some of the quests require it. BUY THIS GAME!!!!!!
game-hours: 55.0
review: geat and awesome game!!!!
game-hours: 66.5
review: greatest game in existance
game-hours: 36.8
review: Bit glitchy, 10/10 would bang again.
game-hours: 142.1
review: One of the best open world games i've played.
game-hours: 224.3
review: Being chronically ill, this game helps me get away from everything.
game-hours: 71.7
review: rly fun game. you can totally cheat with the console and make yourself have nekid chest.
game-hours: 179.2
review: The game by itself (althought very buggy for a finished product) is amazing and is worth a buy, but then you throw in all the mods and how easy its made with various tools and programs like the steam workshop, nexus mod manager, LOOT (Load Order Optimization Tool), and TES5Edit, you can make skyrim into a completely new experience, many times over, with all the mods out there + the original game you could easily spend all of or most of your life playing skyrim and still not have seen everything, there's seriously that many mods out there (note some may not be compatible with others). If you're going to get into modding thought definitely invest in the nexus mod manager, steam workshop is good but if you eventually decide to switch your mods from steam versions to nexus version you'll have to go through a real headache and possible have to re-install the game like I did, either way my point is BUY THIS GAME.
game-hours: 1520.8
review: Wonderful game vanilla version. After running it through the MOD community, amazing game!!
game-hours: 127.5
review: AWESOME. The ability to free-roam and find quests randomly are good, but the dragon fights! Great music playing shooting arrows, Police Boxes, flying monkeys- oh wait, almost got into Doc Who for a minute there... :)
game-hours: 28.3
review: 90% of the props should go to the modding community instead of Bethesda. That being said, be sure you've got yourself some disc space.
game-hours: 118.7
review: Bethesda makes another masterpeice dominateing over all other games 10/10
game-hours: 212.2
review: THIS GAME IS ING AMAZING
game-hours: 110.0
review: I gave a Mud Crab a monocle and top hat. 420/10
game-hours: 60.3
review: This game keeps you occupied for ages! It's got everything I have been looking for. Plus the mods make it even better.
game-hours: 127.2
review: This game is awesome. You get to play as a slayer of dragons in the province of Skyrim. Dragons appear after centuries and there just happens to be a civilian war at the same time. Good idea and, the opposite of most todays games, actually well executed. But the main advantage of this game (besides it's lore) its that you can do anything. Ever heard for a phrase "Skyrim can do that"? Well it exists for a reason. Let me highlight some of the features Skyrim has: -can use magic -can buy horses -can buy houses -can build houses -can become a vampire/werewolf -can catch fish -can have a garden -can kill dragons -can fight in a war -can shoot catapults -can become a thief -can become an assassin -can cook stuff -can have a library -can marry NPC -can adopt children -can go into certain daedric realms (kinda like heavens and hell IRL I suppose) -can shade the sun -can listen to guards But seriously the game is awesome and worth every euro/dollar/any currency. Specially the legendary edition Mods and console commands are a whole new thing and provide even more stuff to mess with.
game-hours: 98.1
review: Shouted a bandit off a tower to watch him ragdoll through the air only to smash into the ground and practically swim away. 10/10. Skyrim is one of the best games i have ever played, being allowed to use different types of weapons, magic, and shouts gives a feeling of diversity and vastness to the game. Being allowed to shout someone off a tall tower, well, you can tell how awesome this game is just because of that. Having hundreds of hours of gameplay and dlc allows the player to engage in fun combat without becoming bored quickly. Having a large amount of customization also gives the player a bit of a creative and inviting feeling. I would recommend this game to anyone (Apart from the occasional young child that thinks it's fun to play only violent games, that is.) who enjoys a long, action filled adventure through a countryside to only then be attacked by giants and mammoths and the occasional dragon or... well... who am i kidding, being attacked by all of dragonkind.
game-hours: 66.3
review: Like Skyrim except with guns!!!
game-hours: 85.0
review: This game is so damn amazing! It's even better with all the mods that are created! It's so fun and pretty! I give this game a: 5 out 5! SO. MUCH. FUN.
game-hours: 119.4
review: Skyrim > A social life
game-hours: 159.2
review: This game is old by the time you read my review but ill tell you one thing is awesome as hell the fact that you wont get bored even if you finished the main story is very intresting you feel like you should finish the side quest because its not like any game you feel like the side quests can be dlc's because they have almost a 5-4 hour of questing to now the story of a guy or a clan or a war .... etc so ill give it 10/9 and thats because of the bugs gg worth buying
game-hours: 958.6
review: Side quests > Main quest
game-hours: 8.7
review: Extremely fun! With hilaious glitches!
game-hours: 221.2
review: This is a awesome game! You are the man or woman who will have rise above other men and women. You speak the Dragon language to bring all of Skyrim out of the war. Over all its an awesome game and I recomend it to anyone who is looking for fun and a adventure on a far land. And you always must remember that you have to brave to face anythink that may stand in the face of danger. You must laugh in the face of death to overcome your fears...
game-hours: 364.8
review: Edit to actual review: Gameplay great, everything great, but seriously, I probably don't even need to review this much as pretty much everyone in the world already knows Skyrim is freaking awesome. You can sink hours and hours to the game, and when you get bored (if that even ever comes) you can always download mods, Steam Workshop has a load of them, and if the Steam Workshop doesn't satisfy, then head to nexus..! Hours and hours and hours again of gameplay from the game on it's default, it's DLCs, and if you care to browse the mods, that should add up to the best brew of unlimited gameplay, seriously tho, if you don't already have it, get it, it's a classic and a must have.
game-hours: 288.9
review: IT'S FREAKING SKYRIM! If you dont already have it you should feel ashamed of yourself...
game-hours: 226.6
review: Best among the RPG games i played. There's no other games that let you shout a king apart and ride on a freaking dragon doing your quests!
game-hours: 240.9
review: i've modded this game so much i recomend going to loverslab to get some much more "usefull" mods instead of the nexus
game-hours: 35.2
review: Fus Ro Dash !!!!
game-hours: 407.2
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is my favorite medieval/ free roam game. I really like the good gameplay, graphics and wide selection of weapons and armour. I also like on how you can decide what events occur in certain quests and how you can decide whether you want to be a mage, warrior, thief, archer, hunter or just be a casual person living his life collecting supplies to make a living. The special abilities that each race has means the person playing the game has to choose wisely. However the command console is not easy to use especially since you can't use spaces. To fix that I would atleast allow the underscore ( _ ) to replace the spaces. Skyrim is an amazing game which I can never stop playing so out of a score out of ten I would give 9.5/10. Why take away 0.5? Because of the command console.
game-hours: 73.3
review: Skyrim is simply the best game created not just in the TES series i have just bought it on steam and an restarting it again even after over 400 hours played on my xbox 360 i always find new things to do and places to explore. have to say best bang for your buck i have ever got and is worth buying twice just to have it on pc as well.
game-hours: 36.2
review: it is ing awesome
game-hours: 138.9
review: Probably one of the best RPG'S in the elder scrolls, which is probably the best non JRPG series ever, with 3 great dlc's and amazing mods being posted nearly daily this game is legendary, which if you haven't got this game get the legendary edition, its well worthy of that name with new kill animations and FINALLY mounted combat, plus all 3 of the dlcs. Now the newest game in the series however i have played over at a friends house for a few days and wow have i got a lot to say but ill try to keep it short, im posting my review of it here because i dont have it myself but lets begin, First off there is a bug with steam which wont let you play it until this bug is resolved, speaking of bugs its full of them from crashing to losing progress this game has it all, of course skyrim is infamous for these sort of glitches but that had no multiplayer when online is just that, online its an MMO which is ok but you would think that they would take extra care with the bugs but no even with a budget of $200 MILLION which is insane. Next up: you have to play for 1 month and the tenth class is hidden behind a $20 paywall now most of us hardcore gamers HATE microtransactions in games. thats about it, i reccomend buying skyrim but stay away from TES online, "i would rather watch paint dry,i would rather watch flies , i would rather stick chopsticks in my ing eyes than play TES online"-Boogie2988
game-hours: 30.7
review: Headbutted a ghost 10/10 3spooky5me
game-hours: 111.1
review: 10/10 I hated this game soo much till i played it more then 15 mins. How could i be such a neck beard i am ashamed.
game-hours: 38.7
review: me what a great game. a must have. one of the greatest games atm 10/10
game-hours: 15.7
review: really fun
game-hours: 68.6
review: its probly the best game ever
game-hours: 16.1
review: Joel!
game-hours: 161.4
review: BUY. THIS. GAME. It's so, so good. And if you think the vanilla version is good, wait till you see the flipping mods. I don't think I need to say WHY I'm recommending this game. Just buy it, and experience it yourself.
game-hours: 2.4
review: I wouldn't have expected any less from The Elder Scrolls series. It's a great game that has a little something for everyone. The sole thing I didn't enjoy as much as I did in Oblivion is that the game turned into more of a Dungeons and Dragons type thing as for the better part of the game that's all you seem to be doing. Luckily, the Daedric quests are great fun and provide a bit of much needed variety.
game-hours: 281.2
review: The graphics are amazing. The gameplay is incredible. The overall story plot is astounding, and the side quests are the icing on the cake! This game is just breathtaking, the scenery, the AI on the NPCs, to the items. Skyrim is truly an amazing game.
game-hours: 128.0
review: epic
game-hours: 254.3
review: best game ever made :D
game-hours: 141.6
review: One of the best action RPG games so far, as Bethesda has once again managed to expand The Elder Scrolls saga - this time with norse-themed adventure named after the frozen, snowy tundrous province Skyrim. Altrough not so original like it's predecessors - Oblivion or Morrowind - the newest addition to this wonderful series is heavily influenced by nordic and scandinavian folklore. While Morrowind was the most original place I've ever visited in game, and Oblivion managed to bring the feeling of Imperial Rome - Skyrim takes a different - albeit very common and not-so-original path - dragons, huscarls, fjords, hargravens and it's own version of Valhalla - Sovngarde. Pack your winter clothing - don't forget to bring your axes and horned helmets, and... be prepared for excellence - but not perfection, as Skyrim tries to grasp the throne of RPG genre - but it still cannot best it's older, more mature (and in my opinion flawless) siblings - Morrowind and Oblivion.
game-hours: 496.2
review: Skyrim to this day continues to be my favorite Elder Scrolls game, if not my favorite RPG of all time. With mountains as high as the sky and vast tundra across the landscape, the game is one of the most graphically pleasing of the Elder Scrolls games. Skyrim also delivers a good combat system, whether it be archery, melee, or even magic. Also the stories and quest in the game are very entertaining! Finally, it's moddable, making the fun last even longer!
game-hours: 92.0
review: Love this game! Worth buying, total freedom in gameplay!
game-hours: 106.5
review: Got it the day it came out for Xbox, played it everyday for an entire year. Thousands and thousands of hours dumped into this game, without one mod. Disc drive for ****box broke, downloaded the game again, bought all the DLC's, then bought my beast of a computer. I have one character on this computer, he is level 50, and I haven't even beat the game yet. I have put 100+ hours into the game, and haven't even beat it. I've spent at least $180 on this game, and I would pay $180 more. This is the best game I have ever played (besides maybe Morrowind...). With the opportunity to mod you will always have something to do. 10/10.
game-hours: 382.4
review: Every single Elder Scrolls game gives you hundreds of hours of fantasy role playing epicness. This one is no different.
game-hours: 596.7
review: Maiq knows much
game-hours: 29.3
review: greatest game ever i walked into a town and killed a chicken then was forced to kill everyone else in the town 9/10 game not enough ogres
game-hours: 105.7
review: Good game
game-hours: 56.6
review: Lazy Developers: The Game unredeemable, even with mods.
game-hours: 217.6
review: yesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyes Amazing game.
game-hours: 151.3
review: What is Skyrim? Well, some say it's a game made by Bethesda as another installment in the Elder Scrolls series, but is it really? First of, let's define aberration: An aberration is something that deviates from the normal way. So in lieu of calling this game another installment in the series, let's say this is an aberration. This aberration of a game brings us idyllic, serene landscapes( with the addition of mods) that make the game so riveting and immersive, especially with the perfect equipoise of dialogue and character development. The Elder Scrolls V offers a extensive open-world map with monumental to non-imposing cities, villages, towns, farming huts and intimidating caves, mines, crevices, dungeons and forts that offer adversity while maintaining the perfect balance of immersion and simplicity. From edifices to primitive dwellings comes a myriad of immersive characters, animals, creatures, patrols, travellers and a cult to offer the player a great deal of convivial entertainment. The story itself, can make players really engange in their decisions because of the level of entrancing dialogue, visuals, continuity and the preeminent factor of overall interaction with the full use of the open world map. Lastly, the inclusion of mods really augments the experience of Skyrim i.e, Graphical Mods, ENB's, environmental mods, texture mods, gameplay mods, immersive mods and a plethora of more categories. ENB's are graphical mods that enhance the use of lighting and shadows to add an aesthetic value to the game. Environmental mods can alter alot of things including: grass, tree's, water, establishments and a multitude of other things. Texture mods change the landscape, character models, animals and basically any texture. So, in conclusion, this game has a myriad of varied factors listed above to make this game in my top 5 favourite games of all time. A superfluity of mods can really alter the experience in a positive and negative depending on the discovering of "good" mods. Dialoge, characters, environment and immersion are really the paramount factors that made this game one of my favourites. I recommend this game to anyone and everyone, including non-rpg advocates. 9.9/10( IGN). Just kidding. 10/10.
game-hours: 646.6
review: The Elder Scrolls keeps getting better and better, and it's no different here.
game-hours: 65.9
review: If you don't have this game... buy it If you do have this game... why are you reading this?
game-hours: 287.6
review: AWESOME
game-hours: 319.0
review: gr8 game
game-hours: 43.5
review: way better than Oblivion!
game-hours: 204.6
review: It delivers. I recommend getting some of the texture packs though. Remember, this game was made for consoles; so the graphics are "console-grade". Oh, and by the way. ...One does not simple do the Main Quest in Skyrim.
game-hours: 53.4
review: Great graphics and story line is amazing.
game-hours: 18.2
review: BEST GAME EVER 10/10, U CAN MOD DIS AND STUFF. IZI
game-hours: 144.0
review: i had originally played this game on ps3 and loved it the moment i started, on pc my experience of skyrim has just been significantly enhanced. aside from the few minor glitches and 1 major glitch of a mission being broken skyrim is definitely one of the best games i have ever played.
game-hours: 63.3
review: This is a great RPG game for players that enjoy RPG's i do recommend this game to others
game-hours: 70.2
review: Awesome game. No bad things to say.
game-hours: 42.9
review: Awesome game. Definantly worth buying if you haven't already.
game-hours: 8.0
review: THIS GAME IS AWESOME WITH THE CLOAK MODDS AND WEAPONS IT MAKES IT EVEN BETTER :)
game-hours: 405.6
review: its awsome if youre into the mideavil stuff >:D
game-hours: 179.8
review: Picked a lock, entered the house, then the entire household banded together and the grandmother killed me. 11/10.
game-hours: 38.9
review: O melhor game da atual gerao.
game-hours: 22.8
review: this is a great game! im pretty pissed though that i bought it last night for 10$ and then now this morning it drops down to 5$ still a great game
game-hours: 84.7
review: If you some how don't have this game, you should change that
game-hours: 50.0
review: Best open world game that I have ever played!
game-hours: 83.7
review: best game ever
game-hours: 6.2
review: Great game.
game-hours: 368.1
review: This is the coolest game for RPG fans I must say. It's really hard to find a mistake. The graphics is beautiful the main story is very smart and original. And when I watch the progress. Daggerfall, Arena, Morrowind, Oblivion and Skyrim! I just can't wait for the next game. Because it's better and better every time and if you like RPG.... ....I can't find any better game for you than Skyrim. But when I think about it now... ... There is just one little thing that I enjoyed in Oblivion more than in Skyrim. Because the testing hall in Skyrim is really boring. And that's all. I can't see anything worse than that. And if you don't like cheats... ... well then it's a perfect game for you. I love it. Buy it. :-D
game-hours: 19.6
review: please dont make me right a review for this game. just buy and then tell me how much sex you had with Lydia of Whiterun
game-hours: 199.7
review: if you're into Diablo, Dark Souls and other rpg's, this is definently for you! If you think you are all in for Skyrim, buy the bundle that includes all the DLC's, beacuse buying the DLC's seperate from the game will cost ALOT more.
game-hours: 29.8
review: Dis game is gr8 m8!
game-hours: 39.4
review: My favourite game! 10/10
game-hours: 393.5
review: Don't hesitate to play if you are new. There is so much to do hah. ^ ^
game-hours: 179.2
review: mod it till it dies
game-hours: 9.6
review: Probbably one of the best RPG games ever made. It is balanced and well made and when you're not going on tasks or missions your too busy exploring and killing and discovering the game.
game-hours: 19.2
review: Running around the countryside shouting is a great way to spend your time. If you don't want to do that then you can play Skyrim, which is a very enjoyable game.
game-hours: 92.6
review: Near-Endless Playability.
game-hours: 144.8
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 32.8
review: Great game!
game-hours: 331.6
review: Awsome game, get mods, more awsome game
game-hours: 154.1
review: SO I STABBED THE ER AND TOOK HIS SWEETROLE.
game-hours: 14.5
review: its gay and medival why wouldnt u lov it. a+ graphics too
game-hours: 66.2
review: the best game i ever played i play the xbox version that version was bad cause i had no modz on there
game-hours: 290.7
review: Skyrim with dragons: 9.6/ 10. ~IGN
game-hours: 862.9
review: Great game even better with ENB's or other graphic mods! =D
game-hours: 995.1
review: *Also inserts mandatory recommendation*
game-hours: 7.0
review: At the start of the game i ended getting stripped by a bunch of  bandits then an imperial guard gave me some pants and i fled. By the time i reached a nearby town, I tried cross-breeding a dragon with a rabbit. The rabbit kept leaping out of the dragons  so i just effed the rabbit up doggy style. I saw a man sleeping in his comfy bed, but i had the urge to break into his butt. Guards caught me and i was brought into this court full of as bandits. They said told me that thy were gonna allow this violation as long as i were to  inside. that sums my skyrim life story up 10/10 game of the century!!!!
game-hours: 33.3
review: This game is great by itself, but for the GLORIOUS PC MASTER RACE enthusiast, the many mods available make this game even better.
game-hours: 22.4
review: Been playing Elder Scrolls since Morrowind! Skyrim's world is a new opportunity to draw your sword againts Tamriel creatures !
game-hours: 284.3
review: YOU MUST PLAY THIS GAME! IT IS THE BEST GAME IN THE WORLD! HUNDREDS OF HOURS OF AWESOME AND EXITING AND EXTREME BOSS GAME PLAY! GET THIS GAME!
game-hours: 117.0
review: Thrilling gaming, a must buy.
game-hours: 447.5
review: Do you like open world RPGs? Games that have a story but don't really force you into it? Plethora of character options? That pretty much describes the Elder Scrolls games and Skyrim isn't any different. If you like these kind of games then you already have Skyrim and probably have numerous hours racked up in play time, this review isn't really for you. If you haven't had any experiences with the Elder Scroll series would you like this game? The main story of Skyrim can be completed with out much difficulty and in about 20 hours, it doesn't require that you have much knowledge of the elder scrolls lore to enjoy the game. The interface and systems are fairly basic and have been streamlined since Morrowind, it is easier for someone new to the series to get into the game. There is some caveats, these games are notoriously buggy. It isn't as hard to block all progress to quests as essential NPC are generally protected but there are still times when things don't happen they way they should. The upside is the console commands are quite powerful and you can normally get out of any mess. This brings me to the final large drawing factor for me to games like this. After you have played the story the game is as much of a sandbox as you can get for a game like this. The Creation Kit is a powerful tool and the modding community continuously pumps out amazing content. There is hundreds of hours in mods and tinkering, playing with the world going about things differently. If you like crazy lore, and I do mean crazy, the Elder Scrolls series has it in spades. If you are looking for a super polished streamlined story driven game, this is not it. If the prospect of getting lost in the game and spending 3 hours collecting butterflies while admiring the scenery appeals to you then look no further. Skyrim is an amazing game but don't go into it expecting it to hold your hand, instead it sets you on fire and tells you there is 101 different ways for you to put yourself out go find one, or not you can always just stay on fire and collect plants.
game-hours: 222.4
review: Skyrim is a game. You should buy it. Even rednecks play this game. Get it. Buy it. Worth.
game-hours: 73.0
review: sheer brilliance and totally epic, its huge and theres lots to do like morrowind but nothing compares to morrowind epicness but this comes close. Some of Fallouts systems would have been brilliant here such being able to solve quests without violence, the crippling effects on enemies etc would make an amazing game perfect Hopefully a morrowind remake into a skyrim like engine will eventually happen :D
game-hours: 288.1
review: It's a great game. Loads of fun and you can spend hours of playng and still enjoy it. You can mod the pc version and also create mods which make it more enjoyable. So have fun and play.
game-hours: 376.6
review: is good hue
game-hours: 620.9
review: Is breddy good ib you lide de repededive queds and sub ob de nize diddy mods dat dey dow how do made. Dey also hab reeeal niiide budds doo, ib you hab de mod for id, but dat's all dat dis game cad amound do ib you wand reblayabilidy, unbotunadely. In earnest, the scheme that the early Elder Scrolls series had attempted to uphold in its first ventures had rapidly cultivated RPG fans to expect more profound and extensive quests, and although Bethesda perpetually takes advantage of advancing technologies to fabricate their games to be as engaging as its technology will allow, Skyrim ultimately falls short of many older enthusiasts' expectations. On the surface, Skyrim's problems are that of conveyance. This means that although its predecessor, Oblivion, had arguably less depth that of its own predecessor, it is still widely considered a favorite for its setting, execution, and the theme in which the hero's journey takes place. Skyrim's setting is similar to that of Oblivion in how the region takes a "story-book feel" with its glorification of ancient battles, epic wars fought long ago, and endangered cultures rising to the surface to add to Skryim's theme. Unfortunately, Skyrim's ability to immerse the player in this chaotic period falls flat with many goading promises of epic battles turning into fetch-quest mania and visit draugr sepulcher #194725 to fight ancient enemy #27528 at the end and recieve your shout/loot/quest-related thing for radiant quest giver #639275. Simply put, "Skyrim is a game as large as an ocean, with the depth of a puddle" -Totalfatbaldmole. If you appreciated Arena, if you had enjoyed Daggerfall, if you loved Morrowind, if you fancied Oblivion, and expected Bethesda's latest addition to deliver a hard-hitting story with engaging quests and daunting worlds... For the love of god, skip Skyrim.
game-hours: 373.5
review: This is THE BEST GAME ever... So stop reading this review and buy this game and play the crap out of it!
game-hours: 3.0
review: Sword and dragons. 10/10 IGN.
game-hours: 30.2
review: TESVARPG3D3D+ARPG
game-hours: 90.4
review: This Game Is Awesome
game-hours: 633.8
review: I was wondering around Falkreath and saw a spontaneous man on a horse float/fly through the air and get stuck on a roof. 10/10. Would play again.
game-hours: 42.3
review: EPIC CHAPTER OF F*CKING THE ELDER SCROLLS. Do you remember Morrowind? Yes? No? It doesn`t matter, because you ought to play this sh*t
game-hours: 93.9
review: Dis game is dis gud |----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
game-hours: 112.7
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is likely my favorite game I've ever played. I owned it on the Xbox 360, and played it for HOURS. I now have it on PC and it's still amazing, even years after release. It looks amazing, even without graphics mods. Honestly, my only problem is the default controls but those can be changed. I definitely would recommend Skyrim to everyone. It's an amazing RPG.
game-hours: 99.1
review: I played this on xbox got bored with it now i have it on PC and i logged in 80 hours in total so much to do and highly recommend.
game-hours: 122.3
review: With a giant world and hundreds of caves to explore, this game will keep you enthralled for months. But once you make it through all of the main story lines, it becomes rather boring, and once you hit a high level, all the enemies seem to dies rather easily. Worth the money for a fantastic storyline.
game-hours: 202.9
review: ERMAHGERD DERGENBERN
game-hours: 95.3
review: Best RPG i've ever played.
game-hours: 184.5
review: The biggest fantasy time sink you can find right now if you don't play MMO's that is. Better than Oblivion, worse than Morrowind, this game with all the modding potential will take up a lot of your free time until next Elder Scrolls comes out!
game-hours: 33.0
review: Skyrim is one of the most impersive games that you could expecience. But you're going to hate the first few quests. I love skyrim but the opening could have been much better. The opening aside, the rest of the game is creative, new and completely fresh. Nothing about this game is like other rpg adventure titles. Skyrim is a game where choice is real, you have the chance to do anything and everything. You can join the theives guild and the companions, join the dark brotherhood and the dawngaurd. Its simply like living another life. I just bought this game on pc after having the xbox version for almost 2 years and I don't regret it, Skyrim is so I can buy it twice and be satisfied, i did this with other titles and had buyers remorce but not skyrim. This game only got better on Pc. And from someone who knows everything about skyrim I can't stress this enough, its completely worth buying if you already have it, I do recommend getting it when its on sale. Like I did. And just saying this for people who haven't played, the DLC for this game are completely worth it.
game-hours: 40.7
review: Skyrim is by far my favorite game of all time, its fighting, adventuring, npcs, and questing are all great
game-hours: 812.3
review: The best game i have ever played. Ever.
game-hours: 1134.8
review: You don't need a reason to play this , you need a lifetime
game-hours: 61.5
review: I really like the game, but I couldnt find the stupid cake. Wait...wrong game...something about an arrow to the knee.
game-hours: 347.5
review: Best game ever.
game-hours: 202.9
review: Skyrim is one of my favourite games, it is very fun to just be able to do whatever you want in a game. Some of the mods created in this game just make the game amazing. If you do not have this game, it is so worth getting and trying some of the plenty of mods created either on the Skyrim nexus or the steam workshop. Not the best story line compared to Oblivion however the graphics are so beautiful it is hard to resist playing this game!
game-hours: 39.1
review: This game... This franchise... This company... Flawless.
game-hours: 21.2
review: What an amazing game. Its my first RPG game. I glad to start RPG with this. Skyrim has full of opportunity. Every playing hours i discover new things in this epic world. Perfect story, a lot of characters, huge world.
game-hours: 165.5
review: best game ever
game-hours: 146.1
review: 10/10 would give Rim in the Sky again.
game-hours: 181.8
review: Incredibly immersive, endlessly moddable, and truly captivating. The phenomenal graphics and soundtrack alone both pale in comparison to the complex characters, over-arching plots, and unique nature of each individual experience. Recommend with headphones.
game-hours: 503.3
review: one of my all time favorite games. oblivian was pretty good game.
game-hours: 280.3
review: Gaints, Dragons & Arrows in knees oh my!
game-hours: 154.6
review: Absolutely amazing game. You spend a good amount of time simply playing the game, leveling characters, and finding sidequests. Then you find mods.
game-hours: 30.3
review: being a console gamer for so long i have been a huge fan of the elder scrolls since morrowind playing these games for years it is a game that can easily be lost in. the music, combat, open ended sandbox non linear gameplay, exploring at your own hearts content, even creating things from weapons, armor, magic, becoming a warewolf or vampire, being infected with a disease all aspects of this game makes it one of my favs. upon becoming a first time real pc gamer biulding my high end over clocked pc and setting every graphical and texture's to High/Ultra and seeing the differences between the consoles and the pc made for an entirely new gaming experiance alone!
game-hours: 142.6
review: oh gosh this is like really fun, if anyones looking for a cool game this is it
game-hours: 103.3
review: awesome game it helps me unleash my...inner self
game-hours: 350.1
review: Skyrim is one of the most amazing games that I've ever played. If you want a true dark age feeling video game in an open sandbox work, check it out. I also highly recommend checking out the other Elder Scrolls games if you enjoy Skyrim.
game-hours: 12.7
review: Its pretty fun for an Elder Scrolls game but lets face it.......you probably bought it for the  mods...didnt you? It dosent live up to oblivion in the game itself, but still THE ING MODS ARE FANTASTIC. Overall if you like rpgs its worth a look.
game-hours: 100.9
review: If you got the money and like RPG games or stuff thats in skyrim I say go and buy the game and a DLC or so, the game is really fun including with all the DLC's and using mods. Gameplay- 10/10 Grahpics- 10/10 Modding Community - 10/10 Dragons - Epic
game-hours: 127.2
review: Best Game EVER Made!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I have this game on two consoles! Countless hour spent on this game!!!
game-hours: 462.4
review: Tis awesome. Nuff said...
game-hours: 42.9
review: Skyrim is possibly the best game i have ever played. It is so easy to lose yourself in the game. it is so worth buying the DLC for it too. I am currently in the middle of the dawnguard DLC and i can tell you that the storyline it adds is both long and interesting, allowing you to travel with a vampire companion through most of it and giving you several chances to become a vampire, if you so desire.
game-hours: 60.1
review: best game ever
game-hours: 1217.8
review: Probably one of the best games that has come out so far. My game hours can attest to the amount of playability you'll find in skyrim. The graphics, the stories, characters, and gameplay reach farther than any other game I have played. I might love other games and I might spend a huge chunk of my time out of skyrim but I can always see myself coming right back when there is a break in my gaming stride which is why I would recommend this game to anyone who ask me what game they should shoot for next.
game-hours: 407.1
review: I don't recommend this game. Seriously. I wasted so many hours on this game it's not even funny. DO NOT GET THIS GAME! Value your life! Go out! Climb a mountain or something.
game-hours: 152.9
review: its p ok
game-hours: 55.5
review: I really like this game. It has a great, detailed story line, and you can go about it however you want (be stealthy, use magic, etc..) It can be pretty challenging though, especially if your a lower level. Overall, great game, i recommend getting it.
game-hours: 150.5
review: If you don't like this game I will fight you.
game-hours: 49.0
review: We have come a long way from 8-bit monochrome Fantasy Role Playing Adventure Games like ULTIMA, trying to capture our childhood memories of reading J.R.R. Tolkien's Lord of the Rings, or similar books. This latest attempt by Bethesda is the most accessible so far, trying to combine an open FPS style game play in a Fantasy RPG 3D world. This game is doing what Ultima IX Ascension tried to do years ago. The richness of 2D RPGs, we all love and know, translated into a 3D world. Gothic, Morrowind, Oblivion, The Witcher - many games tried before. Skyrim (and Witcher 2) show how far we have come. Endless hours of gameplay, from catching bees to fighting dragons with the sword you crafted and enchanted yourself. The Steam Workshop and Nexus mods will keep this game alive for years to come.
game-hours: 5.4
review: Another amazing game from Bethesda. A must play!
game-hours: 0.7
review: This game is really good until you play it for 200+ hours. Played it on PS3 a ton.
game-hours: 53.2
review: I started playing Hide and Seek with a little girl, when it was my turn to hide i left the city and never came back. 10/10
game-hours: 408.0
review: I waited to play through this game and get both DLCs prior to writing a review. The graphics hold up today, with mods added. If not still very beautiful and emmersive. A+ The story of multiple different quests had me enthralled from start to finish. Though you have to find the quests that you specifically enjoy. (Examples) I came across a Walking Dog that led me to it's talking deity that then ended in me deciding the dogs fate. I joined a legion to defeat Vampires, and then betrayed them. By becoming a Vampire helping the Lord of Vampires himself. I became the "Guardian" of Solitude before joining a rebellion to overthrow them. I walked across a ice lake in a different dimmension, that then led me to have to fight two dragons. I summoned a dragon to aid me fight, and it led to one of the most enjoyable scene of a realtime battle mechanic I have ever seen. I usually fade in fantasy style video games, but the immersive possibilities allowed me to still want more. Over a hundred of hours of quest experience, and can have more added with mods. Different race aspects, and many different styles of combat you may play. This is a must have for any form of "Gamer". As well as something a casual should ATLEAST give a try. One of the best purchases I have made, and I will be continuing to come back to this game to this day.
game-hours: 30.3
review: As my better half likes to say, "I just lost my woman to Skyrim." Enough said.
game-hours: 257.9
review: Probably the best game of it's generation. Just buy it now.
game-hours: 212.2
review: I played Skyrim approximately 900 hours on PS3 without any of the add-ons before it started losing it's appeal. When I bought the Legendary pack on steam, I dove right in and am just as addicted to the game as the first time I played it. The game can be extremely tedious sometimes, especially for loot hoarders and people get killed a lot. The graphics are extremely adjustable and therefore are only limited by your hardware. The musical score has an impeccable range and leveling up and learning a Word of Power become unforgettable melodies. The main story line is intense, although a bit short. The real story is completing all of the side quests and conquering all of the dungeons. There is a fairly good balance in the explorable areas but when I finished the biggest and best dungeon, I realized none of the other's mattered. I just wanted more of that one. The combat system is not very unique but manageable. Overall, this game is a good buy.
game-hours: 14.0
review: This game goes above and beyond, it is the best ing game I have ever had the pleasure of experincing. You can kill dragons, you can kill goats, you can kill pretty much anything you want. 10/10 would kill again.
game-hours: 132.4
review: I definitely recommend the game to anyone interested. This is undoubtedly one of the best...no, THE BEST game I have ever played. Never before had I been so excited everytime I played it. Ironically, when the game was initially released I disliked it due to the fact the I had to kill dragons, (I had a soft spot for them) Now, 3 years down the road, I'm gonna maul some bandits with Odahviing! :) Bethesda, you did too good on this one, now start working on TES 6! :D
game-hours: 2.6
review: dragons
game-hours: 388.5
review: Well to be out with it 1000/1 ......yes thats a thing
game-hours: 958.6
review: The first ever RPG game I have played. I was hesitant, but I decided that with all the hype about it, I should give it a go. So I began, and was immidiatly amazed by the graphics, which were truly stunning when this came out. As I finished the first few quests, and I was on my way to bleak falls barrow, I decided, what the hell, and went on a killing spree. I killed 3 people, the guards don't care. But then I stepped over the line. I stole a tomato. They PUT ME DOWN. 10/10 ruined my life.
game-hours: 86.7
review: If you want a fantasy game that will suck you in it's world and entertain you throughout, pick it up.
game-hours: 74.3
review: Skyrim... I don't even know where to start with this game, it is massively exploreable and really gets you into the feel of roleplay when playing it. Never worry about losing stuff to do in the game because the community has made mods that expand skyrim infinitly and you will not run out of content for this great game ever.
game-hours: 105.6
review: ohhhh very good    100000000000000000000000000000000/10 I love skyrim >..<
game-hours: 86.5
review: Fun game more funner if you have DLC installed it gives you a little more adventure once you beat the game :3
game-hours: 36.9
review: Just throw your money at the screen
game-hours: 82.7
review: I'd put a lengthy review as to why you should get it, but that'd take too long. Suffice to say, it's awesome.
game-hours: 236.8
review: Great game. Jimmy Neutron says so..... You have to get it now.
game-hours: 9.9
review: an awsome adventure game with many places to explore.
game-hours: 127.7
review: I can't help but come back to this game after the massive disappointment of Elder Scrolls Online and wish they had worked using Skyrim instead of Oblivion as the foundation. Such a vastly superior game, it's sad I feel more of a connection with the AI in this game than the players in ESO.
game-hours: 190.9
review: I think all the other reviews say it all. This game is truly one of the best. When I look to befriend another player, I look how many hours they have spent on Skyrim. I don't need to waste my time with people who don't recognise this masterpiece. My favourite game of all time, nuff said!
game-hours: 98.0
review: everyone loves skyrim, the end. I just want the badge and I need to review a game for it.
game-hours: 195.9
review: i think ball sac
game-hours: 170.1
review: every elder scrolls is an action packed classic with amazing graphics, insane mods and great gameplay this could very well be one of the greatest games of all time
game-hours: 71.4
review: Dragons!
game-hours: 380.2
review: Okay. Listen, Todd Howard. You can't make Maihk the Liar tell the truth. YOU CAN'T. How the  can you. I don't even. Everything is ruined. WHAT. WHY. I don't. WHAT. TODD, I SWEAR TO GOD YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO WALK STRAIGHT, AFTER I  YOU WITH A SHOTGUN SIDEWAYS. WHAT. NO. YOU ING . YOU CAN'T EVEN HAVE THE. I DON'T EVEN WANT TO PLAY THIS GAME AND ALREADY I'VE SPENT 300+ HOURS ON IT. NOT ONLY HAVE YOU SPENT MY SOCIAL LIFE, NOW MAIHK DOESN'T LIE. I HOPE YOU OWN A LOT OF MIRACLE GROW, BECAUSE YOUR  IS GRASS!!! Edit: Three epic, glorious expansions, three epic, glorious years. You still haven't fixed this problem. 400 hours, Todd. 400 god damn hours.
game-hours: 161.6
review: This game is amazing. So much content, I don't think it is possible to get bored of this game. The DLC I was nervous about purchasing, but it adds many fun new elements to an already amazing game.
game-hours: 338.6
review: modded the game until it broke, fixed it, somehow broke it again 11/10
game-hours: 164.0
review: Whenever I get to a great part in the game I delete my save by mistake hoping that Quicksaves are still there but they delete themselves very often. Worth buying it thought. 19/10 Best exploring game in the world,hopefully till the next one.
game-hours: 243.2
review: Riding Dragons 10/10
game-hours: 346.7
review: 1. Finish game 2. Get mods 3. Finish game again with mods 4. Get more mods 5. Finish game again with more mods 6. Rinse and repeat for infinite joy
game-hours: 307.3
review: Thanks for Skyrim! But seriously this is an elder scrolls game. Some might say its been dumbed down. I'd like to think of it as streamlined. The DLC are are a bit meh. Hearthfire adding buildable/customizable houses. Dragonborn adding a new questline and island with the possibilty to respec Perks and such at the cost of dragon souls. . Dawnguard adding a supernatural questline. But its well worth it.
game-hours: 3.0
review: Without Mods=Crap With Mods=Best  ever.
game-hours: 141.9
review: One of the best games I've ever played. This earns a spot on my top five list, hands down. Graphics are terrific, even on a terrible computer like mine. It's fun to play, and has so, so, so much content in it. Several hundred hours of gameplay are to be found here. The voice acting is spot on. Replay value is sort of meh, but I'm not sure how you would be able to replay this, considering it takes about a few months to complete enough quests to feel like you're done with it. Also, Derkeethus. My follower. My bae. My LIFE. He is the best. I think this tops Oblivion, but give Oblivion a shot, too. Both are terrific games.
game-hours: 34.5
review: i love this game buy it it costs 3,74 :D
game-hours: 1.8
review: awsome
game-hours: 160.4
review: I lured a monk into a cave and ate him
game-hours: 326.4
review: Epic Story. Epic Adventure. EPIC GAME. And the best of ALL. you can shout FUS RO DAH PLAY IT. IT'S WORTH EVERY DOLLAR.
game-hours: 298.8
review: It's Skyrim. Do I really need to say anything else?
game-hours: 168.8
review: The game is Supperior :)
game-hours: 17.8
review: 10/10. would no-life.
game-hours: 128.2
review: I must warn you that this game is both blessed and cursed. While it's incredibly addicting and fun and can engross an insane amount of hours in a single day alone, it's a double edged sword because it will take away your time. You will consistently want to play it, and if uncontrolled, it will consume you... beware the game of Skyrim... the ultimate Deadric artifact... created by the Deadric prince... Bethesda.
game-hours: 156.3
review: Only one thing I can say about this game........ MOD IT TILL IT BREAKS
game-hours: 401.8
review: Skyrim has been a fantastic outlet for me during some pretty rough times as well as good times. If you can modify it, it can be immersive as heck - letting you delve into a deep, fantastical world. I surely recommend it!
game-hours: 73.5
review: i would recommend this game it is a great rpg game it brings you back into the ages of swords small bows and skin amour and last but not least magic its graphics are very good depending on your computer it has a great story line good luck if you buy this great game :)
game-hours: 53.3
review: Ajkdfnsdifhsifnsi!!!!
game-hours: 75.8
review: Great game, spent about 60 hours collecting flowers :P
game-hours: 77.6
review: I have only 8 hr in this game so far. Starting nice . The Enviroment is so good done that you wishes you are living in that world. Great gameplay i miss that alot in a few other games. The music is pretty good in this game thought i not like computer games music so mutch. One thing i am getting mad about when you shoot bow. You never get tired when you hold up the bow before fire it as in reall life archer . You getting tired after 25-30 seconds in you arms. Hope they gonna fix it. Othervise i like the game so far.
game-hours: 29.8
review: Skyrim + Mods = thankyoubasedgod Long Live Skyrim~
game-hours: 103.6
review: amazing
game-hours: 82.6
review: Wanna kill dragons with a sword? Do it. Wanna steal stuff and put baskets on people's heads? Do that too. 40 hours in and I haven't even started the main quest line. This games takes "play your way" to new levels. 11/10.
game-hours: 100.6
review: Bears.
game-hours: 243.8
review: I love this game!! Woodelf for life
game-hours: 1020.3
review: What I like about Skyrim...what I like about Skyrim...if I told you everything, we'd be here for awhile. Short version all I can say is that If you have yet to buy this game, then you have wasted your money on other games! The Elder Scolls V: Skyrim is perhaps the best game I've ever laid eyes upon! The graphics, the gameplay, the characters, and the potential mods! The story plot could use some work, but reguardless, you will enjoy this game. I've made over 10+ characters playing this game alone and served 600+ hours on this game. I originally bought it for Xbox 360, AND AGAIN on the pc. If you get a little bored, you'll always find yourself coming back. There is even a huge modding community dedicated to adding more content to the game for free! Why are you still reading this, why aren't you playing Skyrim! I'm not just saying this points or anything, I specifically chose this game because everyone should have a copy, I can assure you, the money is well spent playing this game.
game-hours: 125.3
review: By far the most involving, dynamic, and immersive single player RPG to date.. If you play I highly recommend getting the 'immersive mods', either on the workshop or the Nexus to make the game even more dynamic,
game-hours: 268.5
review: i love this game so much that they need to make another one but bigger and more awesome
game-hours: 15.4
review: I like pretty, dark-haired women, breakfast food and now Skyrim.
game-hours: 179.4
review: Many hours lost to this game. So awesome.
game-hours: 86.6
review: dis game is rly dank 3/10
game-hours: 45.8
review: I love it. 10/10. So many ways to play. So much to do. So many people who got shot in the knee with arrows. So many mods. There's too much... WHY IS THERE SO MUCH TO DO?
game-hours: 63.0
review: Very Good game for a great price
game-hours: 137.8
review: Yes.
game-hours: 87.4
review: Good game if only for the mods. Regular game is .
game-hours: 193.2
review: ERMAHGERD SKYRAM!
game-hours: 36.4
review: Pewdie if you're reading this then Jag kan f det hr spelet fr dig eftersom jag r en Bro och alla ... (P.S bro nve)
game-hours: 131.3
review: It's a genuine open-world sandbox with breathtaking visuals and endless encounters. It's a simple yet fluid combat system that leaves fighting both balanced and challenging. It's a bottomless pit of lore through dialogue, interaction, and honest-to-God in-game short stories that brings a new meaning to "total immersion." It's a variety of options to remind you that the first two letters in RPG stand for "Role-Playing." It's using your voice to shout a dragon out of the sky, then stabbing it in the face with an enchanted sword you personally crafted. It's the Elder Scrolls. It's Skyrim. And now it's 5 dollars. It's waiting for you.
game-hours: 139.6
review: Fantastic photography sim
game-hours: 37.0
review: Best RPG game by far! Go buy it NOW!!!!!
game-hours: 177.1
review: This game even this long after it's release is still a great game. I love it, and will play it until tht next Elder Scrolls comes out, then that will take Skyrim's place.
game-hours: 40.5
review: I was very surprised (  ) Heroes Villains or towns protect (  ') what they In other games not fun (  ) b Buying a loss is no game!  o(*)
game-hours: 414.4
review: Very Enjoyable game! something i can play when i get sick of fallout new vegas! Very much worth the money
game-hours: 94.6
review: What this puddle lacks in depth, it makes up for in vastness, great for a splash every now and then but look elsewhere if you want a nice long swim.
game-hours: 30.2
review: Step once more into the world of Elder Scrolls. You will be exploring the region of Tamriel known as Skyrim, home to the Nords, and also fight the dragons who have returned and want to destroy everything. As you slay the dragons, you will unlock special magical powers called Dragon shouts that will allow you to summon a friendly dragon to help you in battle, push enemies and objects away not unlike the Force Push from Star Wars and much more. And as you engage in battle against all sorts of foes, you will improve your skills when it comes to handling swords, axes and other types of weapons that will make your life a bit easier. You can even become quite skillful in the arts of being a blacksmith, each new weapon and piece of armor you make at a blacksmith forge will improve your skills, but you are of course gonna need components in order to make these new weapons and armor. You're free to become just about anything as there are no limitations on the works you can have, you can even at one point become a werewolf. And don't forget to check out the modding community for Skyrim as there are plenty of mods that can change the game, there's even a mod that makes it so that when it is night time it gets really dark as well as that caves are extremely dark and will require a torch as well as mods that will make the game even more challenging by forcing you to take care of your bodily needs like food, water and even making sure you stay warm otherwise you might die from either starving to death or of the freezing cold winds.
game-hours: 117.3
review: if you love adventure.. and shouting at dragons.. and having quest and midevil . do this
game-hours: 377.7
review: Let me guess, did someone steal your sweet roll? What is it? Dragons? I used to be an adventurer like you, but then I took an arrow to the knee. My cousin is out fighting dragons, and what do I get? Guard duty. Gotta keep my eyes open. Damn dragons could swoop down at any time. Watch the skies, traveler. No lollygaggin'.
game-hours: 29.8
review: 11/10 I can eat people after transforming into a werewolf.
game-hours: 96.3
review: this is a really good game
game-hours: 652.5
review: It's okay, I guess...
game-hours: 644.4
review: Immersive, major replayability, amazing lore and a bazillion of mods to enhance the game experience. Go fus ro dah your credit card.
game-hours: 135.3
review: This game is amazing. If your'e questioning whether or not to buy it, stop being silly and do it. You know who doesnt buy a game like this and enjoy it for hours and hours on end, communists thats who. Are you a rouskie? Are you trying to force a group of kids to flee into the woods for survival and call themselves the wolverines while executing small covert strikes against you? I didn't think so. Play skyrim you wont regret it.
game-hours: 41.0
review: Stepping into Skyrims world is like wrapping yourself in a furry, Nordic cloak that smells like your childhood blanket. Yes, the Oblivion you remember fondly is back  everything that made the last Elder Scrolls so lovable has returned. Yet now its a bit wilder, a bit rougher, and a bit more dangerous, and boy is the game better for it. Whereas Cyrodiil, the province from Oblivion, was a fairly typical temperate climate with deciduous forests and gentle rolling hills, Skyrim is a bitter, cold northern region (remember those impassable mountains in the north of Cyrodiil? Skyrim is just beyond them). This doesnt mean the game world is a monotonous frozen waste: the land is diverse, but it has a wonderful tone to it that is very much Viking Axe Clanking and Visible Frosty Breaths Huddled Around Crackling Fires. Its forbidding, slightly bleak, and yet also incredibly cozy when you come in from the cold.
game-hours: 99.9
review: This game is amazing It's abit slow at first but once you get into it all you cant stop playing, I've wasted so many hours doing just the littlest things from exploring, talking to NPC's, crafting/enchanting, buying/selling resources and much more. There are so many things to do in this game from the main story to the misc quests you get from NPC's and with the countless amount of mods you can get and the DLC's there is even more things to do. 10/10
game-hours: 261.6
review: Excellent sandbox RPG, worthy of spending many hours in. Nice crafting system, except it doesn't have spell making, which is kinda sad, overall good fighting, and a multitude of mods to tweak the game, or pretty much make it something completelly different altogether.
game-hours: 286.7
review: Best single-player timesink ever!
game-hours: 263.2
review: Basically the most realistic Norway simulator made so far...
game-hours: 285.0
review: Best, Nuff Said.
game-hours: 249.4
review: Ahhh FUS ROH DAH!
game-hours: 90.1
review: impresionante y atmosferico juego, hize que un aldeano tratara de matar a toda su familia 11/10
game-hours: 354.4
review: excellent game... many hours of my life gone
game-hours: 387.1
review: Most awesome game ever, so many hours played, and I haven't even completed it yet.
game-hours: 47.0
review: Talked to a random shadey drug dealer I saw by a stream while wandering through the forest. Mid conversation, a sabretooth tiger jumps out of nowhere and bites said drug dealer in the shoulder. The shadey drug dealer (who happened to be part of a race of creatures called Kajhit, which are like cat-people things) then proceeded to beat the  out of said sabretooth tiger with his bare fists until it died. 10 drugged out cat-people I won't  with again/10.
game-hours: 116.1
review: sweetroll
game-hours: 681.7
review: Let me put it this way: I've put in well over 400 hours into this game and I'm still discovering stuff I've not seen before, ways to play I've never played before (pushing draugr off into the abyss never gets old!), and rediscovering things I've seen before, but still seems fresh. Mods for this game are out of this world, and can completely change the experience, adding to replayability. I love this game.
game-hours: 177.1
review: Truly a time sink :) This game is easy accessible and a lots of fun. What some people describe as dumbing down to its predeccors is not a problem for me. It's a bit ridiculous to master the thief guilds or mage story line as pure warrior but in the end I am happy that I am able to. With so many games to play there's simply no time (for me) to replay games like Skyrim with different characters just to see all the questlines.
game-hours: 209.6
review: It's getting a little long in the tooth these days, but it's still a beautiful game. Mods and graphics enhancements from the Steam Workshop only make it moreso. Even 200 hours in, I'm still finding new places and people and quests. The replay value of this game is astounding. I can't recommend it enough. Unless you want a life away from the computer, in which case you really shouldn't play this game at all.
game-hours: 67.8
review: Skyrim is probably the best RPG I have ever played. Ive waited for the game for at least a year for it to come out. Got it on 11-11-11, and just recently bought it on steam for my PC. The game with mods is so fun you can make the game to however you want to play it. The game on its own though is amazing. If you are a fan of RPGs buy this game now! You will not regret it. If you ever played Oblivion you know how much fun that was and skyrim's experince was 10x better. I 100% recommend this game.
game-hours: 510.4
review: Skyrim! It's amazing! Ok so you probably want more detail so here goes. Well at the very start I do enjoy the customization of both races as well as the appearence changes you have at your fingertips, I've at times wanted to change some features on my current dovahkiin and there is a meaning of such a character that can help you do so. Of course thought it won't be able to help you change your race. In terms of the battle system I like the free form of battle you have. Use advantages like tree cover or any form of cover you have around you to dodge archers but be ready to take a shield in one hand and a sword at the ready in the other! Of course if you want to be Rocky then you don't need no weapons and can punch till you are victorious! There is also choice of mage class. Anything from healing and curing illnesses you may have caught from being bitten by certain creatures, to firing fireballs and rain lightning upon your foes. Sometimes you fine treasures upon your travels and depending on what you go for (Mana, health, stamina) then you can carry more loot or if you have a companion then he/she will take the weight helping you to carry more weight for more shiny treasures. The details is breath taking! I would look up at the sky when northern lights come about or the planets are showing and be like, " Ohhh! Ahhhh! " But then suddenly assassin! And so my time is then consumed on fighting him to the very death of one or the other! It's story line is certainly great and with the DLC's it has widened the choice of missions much further. Now you can become a werewolf or a vampire! There are major advantages to this but as is the way in life, there are also disadvantages. But this is all explained in the game as you progress. If you haven't already grabbed a copy of this then watch a few let's plays and see for yourself what this game has to offer. It's rank in my top 3 of all time fav games ever played. 8/10 rating
game-hours: 122.4
review: this is the best game ever on steam so i say anyone out there should get this game im sure they'll love it
game-hours: 92.1
review: This game is so cool.The graphics are amazing and the gameplay is interesting. The details is so gorgeous. Dragons flying in the air and wolfs attack you.....so fantastic. You can hunt rabbits, deers and who knows what else. I can tell..... the game is worth the money :)
game-hours: 184.0
review: Like Skyrim, with guns.
game-hours: 15.1
review: skirym iz koool
game-hours: 42.5
review: Its Skyrim. That means its good.
game-hours: 73.4
review: ets coral here saeying 8/8
game-hours: 123.9
review: Besides BF3, what I paid for Skyrim is not enough, WELL worth the money and HOURS of gameplay value! DO IT!!
game-hours: 209.7
review: Dudez, this game rulez.
game-hours: 728.9
review: This game is epic fun and gives over 200 hours of gameplay just by its self if you buy the DLC's Dawnguard and Dragonborn you can get even more hours out of the game but dont forget mods and new characters!
game-hours: 393.0
review: This is a very good game where there is many diffrent kinds of gameplay because of how you start & of what happens to you throughout the game. Many games are not like this one just because it is open world, you can choose what to do & when to do it, & the gameplay is always unique to each time you play. Hopefully for whoever reads this review know's that buying, giving as a gift & playing this game are all good ideas that are worth it.
game-hours: 78.7
review: After you've been persuaded by this exotic paradise, you don't want to leave. Skyrim's epic fanatsy genre really gives the game its magical feeling. Whether you like full action combat or assasin style. You can make your character unique by customizing how you want to adventure and travel throught the lands of Tamriel. Another addition to this awesome game, the Workshop. Basicaly the Workshop is the place where you can find mods. These mods can be downloaded with a simple click. Many Skyrim also find the Workshop easier compared to the Nexus. Anyone with a lot of free time on their hands, should totally play this magical adventure. Have Fun
game-hours: 106.9
review: An ocean with the depth of a puddle, is the best way to describe skyrim. Don't let that turn you away however. If you're new to The Elder Scrolls, Skrims gameplay and easier ability to mod in my opinion gives it an edge over the previous games in the series. The main story for skyrim in my opinion is the best among The Elder Scrolls, and while that will surely not be your focus, while exploring the landscape and finding random quests, dungeons, what have you the main story gives you plenty of interesting shouts aswell as progressively making the game more challenging. If you arent familiar with the open world nature of an elder scrolls game or fallout, it's a vast world with plenty of people to talk to, places to see, monsters to kill, books to read, and cabbages to fill your home with. It has something for everyone and while it may not be a great game for one thing, it does a lot of things well enough to keep your attention for hundreds of hours.
game-hours: 107.8
review: One of the best open world games I have ever played
game-hours: 4.8
review: plenty of gameplay and in game options, worth investing the 20.00 dollars into this
game-hours: 22.8
review: Chicken blew me up 10/10
game-hours: 101.0
review: The 5th installment to the Elder Scrolls Series is a jaw dropping game full of all sorts of things to do. Mods are the big part with this game especially on PC. 9/10 Great game. A must buy! I seriously recommend this!
game-hours: 104.8
review: 10/10 best game I've played. Loved the everything about it. Modding community is creative
game-hours: 172.1
review: TIS GOOD
game-hours: 492.5
review: Soo much fun =D even when your done you can mod it and get soo much fun out of it!
game-hours: 184.1
review: i love this game
game-hours: 86.2
review: Great open world experience, deep story and good choices to make in game. really like oblivion but i find this games more like a fallout successor as apart from universe and some game elements, it doesnt feel much like playing a oblivion sequel. Story and gameplay is good and made better with steam workshop mods. Highly Recommend.
game-hours: 222.6
review: Best game ever. Buy it. Made me happy.
game-hours: 553.6
review: Skyrim is truly the never ending, most expansive RPG ever. 10/10 stars is not enough to describe the greatness of this game...
game-hours: 42.4
review: This game is amazing, I know I got this game when it first came out but its never too late to recommend this game. This game is everything and more if you put your mind to it. It makes it better that this is Workshopped so it has a greater experience. Even watching the trailer gives me chills. Buy this game or even the legendary edition. Whatever tickles your fancy, get this game.
game-hours: 13.3
review: In the eyes of a ranger, The unsuspected stranger Had better know the truth of wrong from right, 'cause the eyes of a ranger are upon you, Any wrong you do he's gonna see, When you're in Texas look behind you, 'cause that's where the rangers are gonna be!
game-hours: 23.8
review: Absolutely amazing! Best Elders Scroll by far
game-hours: 649.7
review: I am forever a fan of this franchise. I never played the previous games, but jumping right into this one, I was immediately immersed in the world. The mods available today, even without ENB, make the game look like it was released just yesterday. Performance friendly mods even exist. The game always has something to do and if you enjoy exploring and enjoying the world in which you are emersed and having a free scneario to do anything you please, this game always delivers, and the franchise will go down as one of my all time favorites.
game-hours: 122.2
review: chicken worship 10/10
game-hours: 198.3
review: Very nearly ruined my life. Managed to get away just in time though, thanks to the crashing. 8/10
game-hours: 34.2
review: GREATY
game-hours: 45.0
review: It's like Farcry 3, but without guns.
game-hours: 89.9
review: destroyed my ing life 10/10
game-hours: 69.2
review: Especially with the mods, this game is amazin
game-hours: 63.5
review: One of the best games i've ever played and even when you are done with all the quests and DLCs you can just download mods to enhance your experience.
game-hours: 223.9
review: Skyrim, to je svt s krsnm kouzelnm svtem a pbhem. Podle m nejlep RPG hra. Ve he mte opravdu mnoho monost. Mete si koupit dm a vybavit ho, nebo koupit psa, oenit se, vylepovat a vyrbt zbran nebo brnn, krst a plno dalch zajmavost. Jdete si takhle po svt a najednou mete narazit na pknou vesniku, nebo vs me napadnout drak. Zachrnte babiku od bandit, nebo se k nim pidte? Ve Skyrimu je hlavn plno vedlejch mis a to opravdu tolik, e se nemuste bt, e dojdou. Co kdy vs stre nkam nechtj pustit? Mete je podplatit a nebo jim i vyhroovat. Me se asto stt, e msto hlavn pbhov linie se zanete zabvat vedlejmi koly, protoe snad kad druh postava na kterou narazte m pro vs njak ten kol. Skyrim m skvlou volnost, grafiku, pbh a je to prost stran epick hra. Ve svt mte nkolik hlavnch mst, ale tak hodn vesniek. Mete najt plno jeskyn a nebo nkdy obrovsk podzem. No, abych ekl o Skyrim ve, tak to by bylo opravdu na dlouho. 10/10
game-hours: 100.3
review: Hooray for open world gaming
game-hours: 122.7
review: To simply put it, Skyrim is one of the most immersive games I have ever played. It's a deep, rich world absolutely filled to the brim with places to explore and things to discover. I never get tired of that cart ride into Helgen at the beginning. I never get tired of delving deep into ancient dwarven ruins, looking for treasure. I never get tired of mastering my dragon powers. I never get tired of playing this game. If you haven't already experienced this adventure for yourself, try it. It just might get you hooked.
game-hours: 284.9
review: Skyrim is a Very nice and Beautiful game on the highest settings with the Highres pack Also a very nice modding community expecally if you use the Nexus Community
game-hours: 99.0
review: 11/10
game-hours: 101.7
review: awesome game alround. Shame there isn't the magic customization in previous titles but the leveling system is much more user friednly and enjoyable
game-hours: 3.9
review: I haven't played it yet on my pc, it but I've played the console version and I rode my horse into the dawn. tenouttaten would reccomend!
game-hours: 615.8
review: i use it for porn
game-hours: 45.0
review: Nice game
game-hours: 417.5
review: The greatest adventure you'll ever go on in a video game.
game-hours: 216.6
review: Skyrim in general is amazing. Skyrim on PC is the best  you'll ever buy. If you've played it on console, you will feel like it is an RPG, but on PC it's a puzzle game, you barely have time to actually play because you mod and you mod your game, making it more and more awesome, then when you feel "Oh hey, now it's perfect" it'll CTD. You start looking through your mods to see which one is the troublemaker, but you can't find it. So you reinstall skyrim, install a better mod manager, install all your mods (now only with the ones you feel are necessary, but that won't last long) and you jump on, play for 30 minutes and then CRASH. Now you have an idea of which mods are the culprits, so you uninstall them. Hop back on and play for a day or so, then install more mods and rinse and repeat. 10/10 amazing simulator for dragging and dropping files.
game-hours: 16.6
review: Ride a Dragon, what else it is to say about the game?
game-hours: 23.8
review: This is quite a good game, you can do missions try to fight the WhiteRun Guard and level up (If you win). You can also add mods. 10/10
game-hours: 32.7
review: STOP READING THE REVIEWS AND BUY THIS GAME!! BEST GAME EVER!
game-hours: 144.9
review: , , ,   ..           .      , -      ,     .
game-hours: 298.2
review: 100% recommended! Best Single Player Game I have every played! Period
game-hours: 549.6
review: having now almost spent 500 Hours on Skyrim I am compelled to write this review, Skyrim has to be one, If not the thee ONE, best game of all time for me, And thats a heck of a lot of games over a space of 25 years. GET This game.
game-hours: 148.4
review: Addicting...
game-hours: 15.3
review: REGA
game-hours: 472.5
review: Skyrim is the best RPG game I have ever played. The Game is almost endless and the adventures are amazing. I fully recommend this game.
game-hours: 202.6
review: Amazing game. Must play.
game-hours: 84.7
review: TES: Skyrim is by far the best RPG game which has ever been made. I spent tens of hours and got still so unbelievably much to do. I still cannot see any end. Of course the main quest is relatively fast done. But there are so many side quests with really deep stories that you won't ever be bored of it. Not to talk about all the mods out there. I bought the DLCs very early and still haven't found time to go for an adventure in the new region(s). Skyrim is definetly recommended for everyone who loves RPGs. Meanwhile it's very cheap, so it's surely a must-have.
game-hours: 111.7
review: Yes.
game-hours: 46.2
review: It's been 3 years since its release and still one of the greatest games out there. I have already completed skyrim on PS3 twice, and now i'm doing another playthrough, with some mods to keep it fresh, and I'm enjoying every moment of it. I do recommend this.
game-hours: 105.7
review: Great game - long story line, big world lots to do
game-hours: 126.9
review: The Elder ScrollsV: Skyrim is the BEST game ever made. Buy it, even if you do not have money, BUY IT and you'll be happy! Btw it'll steal your life
game-hours: 4652.9
review: This is the game the never, ever ends. I picked this game up thinking I wouldn't like it having never played a previous TES game before. Sat in my Library untouched for about a month or two, and finally took the plunge. I was wrong. I was so very, very wrong. This is probably the best purchase I've ever made on steam. Add in the unlimited potential of modding, and it's an adventure that continues forever. I've probably restarted over a hundred times by now with a new character, and still only have beaten Alduin once. ONCE. There's still so much more do to and explore that I'm still discovering quests and areas and little hidden things. I still can't believe how much there is to do and I'm still finding more. At it stands I'll probably wake up one day having lost all touch with reality and actually start seeing the world as Skyrim with how much I've played. And I'm totally ok with that.
game-hours: 3210.9
review: Ruined my life. Five stars.
game-hours: 1164.7
review: If I had to choose between this game, and my girlfriend. I'd pick this game. EDIT: I'm single now ON A MORE SERIOUS NOTE: This game is the best in its genre. In previous Bethesda games they made a sad balance in between Questing, and Exploration. Some having more quests and less places to go, and others having very few quests and more places to explore. But in Skyrim, there is no shortage of quests, and if you are like myself and just wander around aimlessly, you will stumble into places that just blow your mind. Every time I have replayed this game, I stumbled into something new. For more info i'd very much recommend mods, with mods such as texture packs, difficulty, quests, armor, and weapons, this games replay value is endless. Go through the game once with plain skyrim, then mod the hell out of it. Overall I'd rate this game an EASY 10/10. If you haven't already. Please buy it, give it a little, and I swear you will be hooked.
game-hours: 150.9
review: >murdered Nazeem in the middle of town >carried him up to the Cloud District >threw his corpse down into some nearby water >retrieved his corpse >carried him back to the middle of town >guards see me, don't care >left Nazeem's corpse bent over a well >guard hard staring me whole time >decide to leave market place >accidentally hit "E" while looking at tomato >get sent to jail for stealing tomato 10/10
game-hours: 247.4
review: An epic game made all the more epic by the fact that it is so easy to mod and so well supported by the modding community. The Elder Scrolls series has a large following and often you will hear people argue over each new TES game comparing it to the last, but for me each TES game stands on its own merits, and Skyrim is no exception. The story is pretty good and there are plenty of side quests, but what makes Skyrim so great even when not modded is its large and open nature. This is a land you can just pick a direction and with no quest in mind and just explore. You will find danger and excitement on your journey ... and loot. Lots and lots of loot. But once you start modding this game, that is when you unlock the true value that is Skyrim. Potentially thousands more hours content (for free) in a game that can be improved ten thousand different ways from graphics, textures and sounds all the way to game mechanics and user interface changes. You can make the game exactly what you need it to be, and play it for so long you may still be playing when the next game in this series comes out.... and sometimes longer than even that. If you are interested in modding the PC version of the game, be sure to check out my guide for beginners:
game-hours: 148.5
review: A game where trying to interact with giants holding clubs turns into the funding of NASA's space program.
game-hours: 12816.1
review: Play it, mod it, play it again, mod it some more... It's a dangerous cycle: your pets will die of neglect and your friends will leave you. You won't care, you'll just install more mods.
game-hours: 92.5
review: I was stacking books on a shelf in my house in Whiterun, one of Skyrim's major cities, when I noticed a weapon rack right beside it. I set a sacrificial dagger in one slot, an Orcish mace in the other. They were on display for nobody but me and my computer-controlled housecarl, Lydia, who sat at a table patiently waiting for me to ask her to go questing. The chest upstairs was reserved for excess weapons and armor, the bedside table for smithing ingots and ores, the one next to the Alchemy table for ingredients. I'd meticulously organized my owned virtual property not because I had to, but because tending to the minutia of domestic life is a comforting break from dealing with screaming frost trolls, dragons, a civil war, and job assignments that never seem to go as planned. It's even a sensible thing to do; a seemingly natural component of every day existence in Skyrim, one of the most fully-realized, easily enjoyable, and utterly engrossing role-playing games ever made. Part of what makes it so enjoyable has to do with how legacy Elder Scrolls clutter has been condensed and in some cases eliminated. In Skyrim, there's no more moon-hopping between hilltops with a maxed out Acrobatics skill. That's gone, so is Athletics. The Elder Scrolls V pares down the amount of skills and cuts out attributes like Endurance and Intelligence altogether. There's no time wasted on the character creation screen agonizing over which skills to assign as major. You don't assign major and minor skills at all, but instead pick one of ten races, each with a specific bonus. High Elves can once a day regenerate magicka quickly, Orcs can enter a berserk rage for more effective close-range combat. These abilities are best paired with certain character builds  the High Elf regeneration is useful for a magic user  but don't represent a rigid class choice. Major decisions don't need to be made until you're already out in the world and can try out magic, sneaking and weapon combat, emphasizing first-hand experience over instruction manual study, letting you specialize only when you're ready. It contributes to the thrilling sense of freedom associated with life in Skyrim. Do a quest, kill a dragon, snatch torchbugs from the air, munch on butterfly wings or simply wander while listening to one of the best game soundtracks in recent memory. Despite the enormity of the world and the colossal amount of content contained within, little feels random and useless. Even chewing on a butterfly wing has purpose, as it reveals one of several alchemical parameters later useful in potion making at an alchemy table. Mined ore and scraps of metal from Dwemer ruins can be smelted into ingots and fashioned into armor sets, pelts lifted from slain wildlife can be turned into leather armor sets, and random books plucked from ancient ruins can trigger hidden quest lines that lead to valuable rewards. Skyrim's land mass is absolutely stuffed with content and curiosities, making every step you take, even if it's through what seems like total wilderness, an exciting one, as something unexpected often lies just over the next ridge. Many times the unexpected takes the form of a dragon. Sometimes they're purposefully placed to guard relics, sometimes they swoop over cities and attack at seemingly random times. In the middle of a fight against a camp of bandits a dragon might strike, screaming through the sky and searing foe and friendly alike with frost or flame. Momentarily all on the battlefield unite, directing arrows and magic blasts upward to knock down the creature, creating impromptu moments of camaraderie -- a surprising change from what may have been yet another by-the-numbers bandit camp sweep. Dragons show up often, their presence announced by an ominous flap of broad wings or an otherworldly scream from high above. The scale and startling detail built into each creature's appearance and animations as it circles, stops to attack, circles again and slams to the ground makes encounters thrilling, though their predictable attack patterns lessen the excitement after a few battles. In the long run they're far less irritating than the Oblivion gate equivalent from The Elder Scrolls IV, can be completed in a few minutes, and always offer a useful reward. Killing a dragon yields a soul, which powers Skyrim's new Shout system. These are magical abilities any character can use, you don't have to specialize in spell casting to slow time, throw your voice, change the weather, call in allies, blast out ice and fire, or knock back enemies with a rolling wave of pure force. Even if you favor sword, shield and heavy armor and ignore magic entirely, you'll still be able to take full advantage of these abilities provided you find the proper words  each Shout has three  hidden on Skyrim's high snowy peaks and in the depths of forgotten dungeons, serving as another reason to continue exploring long after you've exhausted the main quest story, joined with the Thieves Guild, fought alongside the Dark Brotherhood, or thrown your support behind one of the factions vying for control of Skyrim. Not only is this land under assault by dragons, long thought to be dead, it's also ripped in two by civil war. You can choose one side or the other, but so much of the allure of Skyrim is how, even outside of the confines of quest lines, the embattled state of the world is evident, and steeped in a rich fictional legacy. Lord of the Rings this is not, but with the release of every Elder Scrolls game, the fiction becomes denser, and the cross-referencing for long-time fans all the more rewarding. Skyrim's residents are all aware of current events. They'll comment on the civil war, some sympathizing with the rebels, others thinking the establishment sold its soul. The peasants complain about the Jarls who control each settlement, the Jarls complain about the rebels or foreign policy, the overprotective College librarian complains when I drop dragon scales all over his floor; many characters feel like whole, distinct personalities instead of vacuous nothings that hand out quests like a downtown greeter hands out flyers for discount jeans. Characters stereotype based on race, they double-cross at even the slightest hint it might be profitable, and they react to your evolving stature within the world. It makes a ridiculous realm, filled with computer-controlled cat people and humanoid reptiles, demon gods and dragons, feel authentic, like a world that existed long before you showed up and will continue to exist long after you leave.
game-hours: 68.4
review: Killed an old woman. Stole a plate. Got arrested. (Because of the plate). Fought a dragon. Stole a crown. Got drunk. Became a werewolf. Killed bees with fire. Followed a talking dog. Visited the old dwarven cities. Killed robots. Became an assassin. Killed the emperor. Got beaten to death by a whole town for stealing a cabbage. Became a respected general. Fought bandits. Poisoned mead. Stole cabbage again. 10/10 would Skyrim again.
game-hours: 477.1
review: At first you are like this games fun, then you are like woah there are mods and then you don't stop the mods and then the next thing you know you are playing as a giant with a strap-on fighting thomas the tank engine
game-hours: 597.2
review: Best game ever !!! If you like RPG Adventure games this is a game for you. Really good story line and endless amout of quests and things to do, Hours of fun.
game-hours: 62.9
review: An old viking-stlye first person combat. Epic music. Epic battles. Dragons. Badass unlocks. Interesting quests. So many paths and things to do. What more could you want in a game? I recommend Skyrim to everyone. Except Joel. Screw you, Joel.
game-hours: 384.5
review: Skyrim is a pretty awesome game.
game-hours: 371.7
review: List of things I like in videogames 1. Good gameplay 2. A large world to explore 3. BEING ABLE TO SIT ON BENCHSSS and this game has all of these things so 10/10 oh and also being able to kill chickens (CHICKENSSS!!!!)
game-hours: 64.1
review: combat, beautiful world,  of content. Enough to pick it up.
game-hours: 294.8
review: 3
game-hours: 216.4
review: Amazing game I've been playing it from day 1, on and off and with the amazing modding community, this game keeps on giving.
game-hours: 455.1
review: Warning this game is extremley fun and highley addictive. an open world which is you to control with your mighty thoum and endless side quests to complete the player never has to follow the main story! with the DL's you have the power to ride dragons and become a master vampire and experince all of your own and with an countless modding community the adventure never ends.
game-hours: 75.2
review: if you are a fan and vivid player of bethesda games and or just the elder scrolls saga this is a wonderfull chapter in the saga and to the bethesde genre, its a must play with its open world fantasy along with that rpg element that only bethesda can give you.
game-hours: 299.4
review: A kickass role-playing, monster-slaying, do-whatever-you-want RPG.
game-hours: 379.6
review: i mod the  out of these apples
game-hours: 23.6
review: not as good as oblivon but i still love it none the less
game-hours: 234.9
review: When I first discovered this game I was sceptical about buying the 60 dollar ledgenday edition so I purchased the 30 dollar version without the 3 add ons instead just to make sure I didn't waste to much money. It turns out that it was worth every penny. THIS game is amazing in every sence of the word, and with the 3 add ons it makes it even better. I've put only about 100 hours into it so far and I'm not even close to being half way done with it. Plus I plan on replying it many more times with different classes. If your looking for a game that has a exremely high replay value this is it with top of the line graphics, 100's of mods to enhance the game even more THIS IS IT. But just remember, you will lose all contact with the outside world including friends and family, and randomly start shouting at people in the street upon purchase. Story: 9.5 Graphics: 9.6 Replay Value: 9.9
game-hours: 185.4
review: This is my favourite game for a number of reasons. It has an unlimited supply of activities to keep the gamer occupied, including hundreds of quests, buy houses, build houses, explore catacombs, get married, adopt kids, hunt dragons and you have the ability to travel to other areas (if you have purchased DLC) and experience new worlds. I enjoy many aspects of the game and I have come to appreciate its fine details more and more time I spend playing it.Overall its worth every penny and even after two years I'm still at it. I have "completed" the game and started over 4 times; each time with a character of a different race and different playing-style. Each time, the gaming experience is so different and enjoyable. Love it! 5/5!
game-hours: 63.1
review: Whats to say about Skyrim, that hasnt already been said. Well, if your cup of tee is FPS RPG in scandinavian-styled surroundings. Well then your home! Bethesdas feel for RPG:ing is never slacking, the gameplay is really solid, with its open world feel and quest searching far and low. The sheer magnitude of quests that doesnt all feel the same, is only one point that makes this game a jewel. Its the overall feeling of its northern atmosspere, graphisc, music, sound and gameplay that makes this the good game that it is. The Elder Scrolls game has for a long time been a benchmark for FPS:ish RPGs, and the evolution shows here. Combine Fallout 3 with Baldurs gate, and youll have Skyrim. IF theres to be said any "negative" comments, then i can say, that due to the game enormous feel in quests and sheer landmass, it might feel somewhat overwhelming to just start the game. Its a game that will want you to play much... But in short, its a great game; so if youre a fan of earlier Elder Scrolls, or Fallout 3 / New Vegas, this i absolutely a buy!
game-hours: 49.3
review: Lots of creative missions, secret missions and tons and tons of detail in the very, very large world. 10/10
game-hours: 217.5
review: This is the pinnacle of Bethesda Studios. Do not, under any circumstances, steal a sweet roll...
game-hours: 667.3
review: Dragons? Easy. Dem cave bears doe.... 10/10
game-hours: 30.9
review: Started the game, within 5 mins i was level 119. PC Gaming Experience 11/10 Console mehnomods/10
game-hours: 514.0
review: While I enjoyed all of the Elder Scrolls games, Skyrim has been the one I have enjoyed the most. THe ability to do what you want and be what you want is just amazing. The modding community is fantasic and the options are endless.
game-hours: 1098.1
review: Though it has a lot of bugs, I still love this game.
game-hours: 43.4
review: The game is incredible
game-hours: 71.7
review: Im still trying to reach the credits.
game-hours: 441.5
review: Summary; Points for: Sheer scale and the fact you can never seem to run out of things to do. Well supported with mods from the Workshop - if there's something you don't like, there's probably a mod for that. Pretty good value for money as a result. You don't have to leap right into the storyline, you can just decide to settle down in Riverwood and be a blacksmith/alchemist/hunter for a while if you like; the rest of the story will just wait til your ready and be levelled accordingly (handy if you want to get other questlines out of the way without a dragon attacking you whenever you set foot outdoors). Loses points for; You can't make any really game changing choices (like you can in say The Witcher). While the Dark Brotherhood arc and the Dawnguard arc do allow you to make a few choices, they don't really have an effect on the main story. It's petty, but I'd appreciate some respect from the guards when I'm Arch Mage, Dragonborn, Saviour of Skyrim, Thane of *insert town here*, leader of the Dark Brotherhood and of the Thieves Guild. Thankfully there is a nice mod for this. Again, a handy mod for this, but why does my follower run around behind me when I'm on a horse instead of getting on a horse of their own? Seems a bit unfair... Maybe this is girly, but the character customisation isn't quite up to par with some of its contemporaries, but it's aesthetic really, especially since if you play in first person it doesn't really matter anyway. 96/100 In detail Because somehow it seems dodgy to give something full marks no matter how good it is, but can you really go wrong with The Elder Scrolls? Okay, so reportedly you can *cough*Oblivion*cough* (I have the game but have yet to play it properly so I'll have to see). I first played Skyrim on console (not my finest gaming hours) over a year after the base games release, but I quickly became addicted to the point that I was a constant irritation to the housemate at the time who was letting me borrow the console and game. What's to say about it? It has it all; never-ending list of quests so it never feels like you've completed the game; check, so many skills you can play in a totally different way with every new character; check, continuity from previous games in the series (done so much better in gaming than in the film and tv industries sometimes - Star Wars, Star Trek, yes I am looking at you); check (so I hear, see above re owning the games but having yet to play them). Want to be a tank and hack everything to pieces? Go for it. Want to go against the generally accepted stereotypes and be a ninja orc assassin? Not easy, but why not? Just want to eat loads of random herbs and see funny colors? Sure. Skyrim really could be a game for anyone, and for all ages (not that I'm recommending it to you if you're below whatever age limit it is), and playing on PC becomes exponentially better for the massive number of additional mods you can add to the game, ranging from basic visual changes (I have a lovely set that make all the towns and villages more ...foliaged - is that a word?...and pretty) to mods giving new races (including OP ones for snow elves or witchers). These mods can also include new quests and make Skyrim one of the best games you can buy on PC - they make the game virtually never ending. In truth, I haven't finished Skyrim (not even to the point most people would consider the game finished), in part because there's so much to do, but mostly because I have a peculiar habit of starting a new game with a new character the second I get so much as a whiff of the end of the game. Or of just stopping. This does admittedly mean that writing a review for Skyrim is difficult, but really it's hard to find anything to dislike about the game anyway. If I had to pick something to whine about with Skyrim, I guess it might be the fact that it's so damned easy to get side-tracked; maybe I decide I'm gonna go do a quest at Kagrenzel. Now aside from the whole fiddling around and having to be in the dead center of the thing so I don't die on the way in, on the way there I will a) have probably gotten lost because b) I got attacked by wolves and galloped away leaving that mess for Lydia to deal with c) climbed up the wrong side of a mountain because there was a word wall and it was on the way (kinda) d) managed to kill my horse on the way back down e) experienced a totally unrelated to the word wall dragon attack and wandered haplessly into about 5 bandit encampments. All in a time span I had originally set aside for doing the actual quest before heading out for work. I'll probably come back, forget what I was doing, lose all that travelling time by fast travelling to the other side of the map, remember, curse for a while then repeat the same journey with an extra dragon attack for good measure...oh, but I killed the horse so I'd better go do the Assassins quests so I can get a new horsey (Shadowmere). You see the issue. I have over 300 hours logged in this game mostly spent stumbling around looking for a road to take me where I want to go. Or running into a mountainside to slowly inch around it and hopefully avoid falling to my death. Equally though, that is part of the charm of Skyrim so it doesn't really count as a bad thing does it? Either way, if you consider yourself a gamer but don't play Skyrim, 1) you're not a real gamer and 2) go get it. Mods are free, which makes this game some of the best value for money around, you really have no excuse.
game-hours: 234.0
review: The Elder Scrolls Therum: The more you mod TES, the more likely you are to react as if its porn when someone catches you playing it. LOOKING AT YOU "BIG- FLAME ATRONACHS" MOD
game-hours: 207.4
review: Good game
game-hours: 255.7
review: If you are looking to lose yourself in game forever then I would recommend this game. The game alone is amazing with so many different things to do and with how you can develop how you wish to play.
game-hours: 26.9
review: gud.
game-hours: 24.7
review: girl says: 3 words, 8 letters, say it and im yours forever. i say: ........ FUS RO DAH!!!! story - 8/10 gameplay - 7/10 sound - 9/10 graphics - 8/10 custimisation - 8/10 40/50 must own game! DJ Jazzy Jeff where did my life go award
game-hours: 484.2
review: Another excellent game in the elder scrolls series but does not deserve all the perfect ratings it has gotten, however the mods available improve the game many fold I will talk about my problems with the base game plus official expansions Inventory management. ESPECIALLY when it comes to potions. Dialog among different NPCs doesnt vary, which led to the whole "took an arrow in the knee" thing enemy AI is incredibly poor and enemy pathfinding is easy to exploit. A headshot with an arrow doesnt kill and having a bandit come at you with an arrow sticking out of his face is immersion-breaking. Every NPC has the same height and robotic animations. I seriously doubt any motion capture was used in this game which I cannot fathom there being an excuse for. Argonian and khajiit tails are not part of the base body mesh and skeleton and that has always stood out to me. How difficult would it be? Well I guess they have the same human animations so animating a tail would be just more work. The land just seems rather unpopulated for being a whole province npcs follow you through doors if they are in the middle of speaking to you, even if you just run by them. Vampire attacks killing named NPCs in towns and destroying quests. I turned off dawnguard and never completed it. Killing a chicken is an unforgivable crime and will put a whole town into a murdorous rage. The game seriously lacks variation, as far as voice acting, humanoid animations, npc dialog, height and build of npcs. Child races are limited to one. and not only that, there are no babies, toddlers, adolescents, teens, it seems to be only 10 year olds and adults up to old people, but all with the same height and build. Armour and weapons SEEM varied but in reality they are not, since an iron dagger doesnt do as much damage as a steel, and steel doesnt do as much as glass, etc, you will replace a weapon or piece of armor and never use it again, forcing you into a certain progression of look depending on how far in the game you are. the only real variation is whether you use light or heavy armour. What if you like the look of a glass dagger over ebony but dont want to lose the damage bonus? The werewolf mode is more like a minigame to me, and has severly limited use due to how weak he is and the fact that he cant unlock doors, loot, and is only useful against humanoid targets like bandit dens. And also, no variation in the look of the werewolf! Not even fur color or gender! It seems to be a game conflicted over what RPG elements to keep and what to "optimize" for a console audience, although I cannot imagine playing this game without the player community mods available on the PC. Still recommended but PLEASE hire some developers with imagination, Bethesda. The mod community should be putting you to shame, maybe you can hire some of them for TES VI?
game-hours: 6.2
review: Poop is the real poop, but poop is not poop at all.
game-hours: 89.9
review: I killed a dog and got murdered by a whole town 10/10 would kill dog again
game-hours: 47.1
review: 10/10 "average" - IGN
game-hours: 281.6
review: If you mod this enough, you can play as a giant naked anime character who kills Randy Savage-dragons with a squeeky rubber warhammer for a living. 11/10 would slay Randy Savage again.
game-hours: 254.0
review: After playing this game for 250 hours I have this to say about this game. I loved it. (With mods that is.) Vanilla Game: When I played the vanilla version I had so much fun. The graphics were amazing, the storyline was solid. The items I found across the world of Skyrim were cool. The voice acting was pretty meh in some ways. The characters with thier own unique voice actors were the best. Example: Alduin, Karliah, Poarthanax, The Greybeards, and The beast races had awsome voices. The nords and other races had recycled voices which kinda took away the immersion of the game. Some of the quest were repetitive and dull after playing them a couple of times, but Im not saying all quests were dull. The level up system was significantly improved from the last game, Oblivion, with a star system representing the skills that you focus on. Companion system can be annoying and repetative and I wished they worked on that more to make your companions more interesting. The most awsome thing about this game is... Battling dragons. Dlc: The dlc's of this game were amazing. Hearthfire was a slight dissapointment there. Although your better off getting mods to build your own house. Dragonborn dlc is the best dlc out there. A whole new world to explore. A new villian (who is dragonborn) and new enemies to fight. Dawnguard is a very interesting dlc with a war between vampire and mortals. I promise you the story will keep you on edge. So the question is. "Should I buy the game and dlc's seperatly, or do I get the legendary edition?" Legendary edition most definently. If you're a try hard like me. You'll enjoy a new challenge with the legendary mode. The final verdict for this game is a 10/10. The best rpg game I have played. It would be a 9/10, but the dlc's is what saved this game from a lower rating. And the fact that I had 180 mods installed. (most of them improved the graphics and looks of the game. while others increased immersion and gameplay. The rest was weapons and armor mods.) I highly recommend that you install Nexus Mod Manager and use steam workshop to install mods and make the game more fun. Buy this game by your choice and have fun.
game-hours: 133.6
review: I don't know what to say, but this game is damn epic! If you love fantasy rpg magic dragons and chicken then this is game for you! You'll not regret it. And plus, mods will never make you bored playing this game.
game-hours: 22.1
review: WOAHOHOH... You never saw these graphics....... They so COOOOOOOLLLL.... Ok, I'm done. Enjoy.
game-hours: 143.9
review: Come for the Adventure. Stay for the mods. Leave because you installed too many mods and now your game just crashes.
game-hours: 410.8
review: Best mountain climbing sim ever! If you dont like mountain climbing, don't worry because I'm pretty sure there are other things to do too.
game-hours: 12.1
review: The good thing about Skyrim is you can't beat it in a day. The game is very time consuming and very fun, the story line keeps you on the edge of your seat, and the wonderful graphics make me realize how great this game truley is. Skyrim is worth it, and so is the DLC. If your looking for a game where you can free-roam, complete quests, and overall have a great time, then this is the game for you. +Graphics +Story Line +Quests +Time Consuming +Free-Roam Rating: 9/10
game-hours: 17.1
review: I never was so elder scrolls fan but i tried game jus blow my mind game is so epic! 10/10
game-hours: 190.7
review: So far I've sunk over 100 hours into this game and I haven't even finished the main storyline yet. I love being able to disappear into another world for a few hours at a time and this game is perfect for that. And with all the mod possibilities, even after the main story is completed, it really doesn't ever have to end.
game-hours: 177.8
review: i think you know how good it is by now.
game-hours: 70.8
review: Definitely a game worth getting. This game by itself is fantastic and it only gets better when you start adding in mods.
game-hours: 1071.1
review: 11/10 | Their focus on Dialogues served this game very well. Also; dragons.
game-hours: 308.0
review: Come on Bethesda why must you make my life so perfect!?!?! I can't ever stop after playing it.
game-hours: 252.6
review: So glad I bought this for PC and not for a console. Super duper buggy sometimes, making it impossible to get certain achievements without a second playthrough. I wouldn't mind being trapped in a room with this game for a month though - I only scratched the surface and the mods available for it are awesome, but there's other games to be played, and the occasional crashes to desktop got too far under my skin for me to keep on it.
game-hours: 301.2
review: Completamente viciante, o mapa  gigante e deixa voc completamente livre para seguir qualquer caminho podendo at fazer quests simultaneas. O grafico  muito bom e tem varios upgrades disponiveis para deixar tudo ainda mais interessante.
game-hours: 15.4
review: Love it dearly! Mwahahahahahaha
game-hours: 303.6
review: What can I say. Super addicting. Totally my type of game.
game-hours: 83.7
review: This is the best game in the world. Buy it. Why arn't you buying it yet!? For real I'm in love with this, makes me wana move to like Norway or Iceland or something. I grew so much chest hair playing this, and lost many hours of real time.
game-hours: 116.2
review: This is by far one of my favorite games of all time. The Elderscrolls series has never once been a let down. It's filled with countless hours of quests and tasks for you to complete that will keep you playing for many months. I would highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys an open world with fun filled adventure.
game-hours: 14.1
review: Don't ask. Just get it.
game-hours: 119.7
review: The game is just ok. This game has so many bugs in it it's ridiculous. This is the only game i know of where if I am looking at its wikipedia site, i specifically go to the bug section to see if what happened or what I want to do is a bug or not. I told myself I'd beat this game when i started(not just the main questline but all quests) and I'm close enough to completion (non dlc) that I'm done. I felt that i was bored throughout the whole 100+ hours it took me to complete it. I would tell myself "Just keep going and get it over with so i can move onto the next game" I tried mods but it didn't make it any better(except for skyui)
game-hours: 125.5
review: As most people already know, this game is amazing. The vast amount of content is unbelievable. I have put in over 100 hours, and feel like I am only half way through. As much as I like this game, I want to point the issues that I have faced. - This game is not optimized for quad core processors. My rig can run most new games on max settings at a smooth framerate. Skyrim pushes my system to its limits. Even at medium settings, I experience hiccups and frame drops. - There is a large amount of loading in this game. Whenever you fast travel or enter/exit a city, you must endure a lengthy load screen. Although the screens are pretty, it gets annoying. I do not have a SSD, if you do, this may not be as much of an issue. Despite these two annoyances, I HIGHLY recommend this game. This game is a steal at $20 and if you get it on sale, you should be put in cuffs.
game-hours: 31.3
review: Absolutely perfect
game-hours: 138.8
review: Couple hundred hours later, still playing it. For those people who like to play long engrossing games, I'd recommend this title.
game-hours: 48.2
review: Bought twice For myself Yeah,I really liked it
game-hours: 13.0
review: super fun worth every dollar if u got a good laptop/computer to run it on beautiful graphics just for setting it to low loved playing it though my laptop cant run it without lagging sadly, killing a dragon is my fav part in the game and using magic and discovering new stuff items people etc. etc.
game-hours: 12.2
review: Bought it because of the Summer Sale and all the good comments everyone would make about this game. So far, I'm really excited and glad about this purchase. The game is somewhat serious, but really fun, and even under low graphics config it looks good. I recommend it for the RPG lovers.
game-hours: 222.4
review: All the other reviews practically said it all. This game is totally breathtaking. It is an epic adventure indeed. From slaying giant spiders out of boredom to questing on hunting dragons to beat the story, this game has it all. You can spend all the nights in the world just playing Skyrim and after that you still won't be able to say "I beat this game". The world of Skyrim is truly amazing. Hundreds of quests that can be picked up from anything! From talking to NPC's, reading a book, eavsdropping on a conversation, or even killing a poor innocent man and searching his body for any notes or clues. Certainly this is one of my favorite games. The landscape is so vast and filled with lore. If you like exploration and questing, then this is the game for you! 3 years after the release of this game and I STILL didn't get bored. This is definitely a must get game.
game-hours: 90.5
review: A game that will take your soul!
game-hours: 459.5
review: KIlled a chicken, got murdered by town guards. Saw a guard arrest a fish. Pacifist shopkeeper killed a dragon with his bear fists. Carried 350 pounds of cheese. Ate all the cheese. Put a human heart in a random person's pocket so they can find it later. GET THIS GAME 9,259,428,752,098 / 10
game-hours: 217.7
review: One of the best games ive ever played youll start to play and ten hours later your still playing and havnt began to uncover the secrects of skyrim.
game-hours: 94.4
review: If you are new to this game kill every chicken you see-trust me nothing bad will happen
game-hours: 8.6
review: its Skyrim.... need i say more?
game-hours: 55.9
review: good game for those who like RPG, one of the best out there. for RPG lovers easily worth having in your collection
game-hours: 26.4
review: This might be the best game I've ever played in my life. Better then every FPS atleast. Fps's gets boring after a while, but this game i could play for hours on end. Though it might not say on my profile, i have atleast 300 hours. It's almost like Minecraft, you can play the original and like it. You can play however you want, but then you can add tons of mods which changes the game completely and makes it even better. Graphic mods, armor mods, quest mods, cheat mods *cough cough* and expansion mods. And of course there's a lot of good dlc's.
game-hours: 12.5
review: You can kill dragons by yelling at them.
game-hours: 48.2
review: Dragon genocide simulator 2011.
game-hours: 430.5
review: this needs love
game-hours: 174.4
review: I spent more time tweaking than I did playing, but with Bethesda you know exactly what you're getting: a moddable, fairly cutting edge open world adventure slash loot crawl. Pity the engine still has so many deficiencies, but you cannot deny the staying power of Bethesda's formula. Skyrim is still a great game, even though we've seen this exact same game at least 5 times in the last 10 years (FO3, FONV, ES3, ES4, EST5). Who cares. It's still fun to drag Vilja into the wilderness and laugh as she gets eaten by wild dogs.
game-hours: 76.0
review: Skyrim is an excellent game in almost every way. It is graphically beautiful, has an interesting storyline, a wonderfully crafted and large open world populated with a pretty impressive number of interesting and unique NPCs. It builds on the Elder Scrolls gameplay made famous by its predecessors Morrowind and Oblivion and exceeds them in creating truly great combat mechanics. Although the only notable expansion, Dragonborn, is far better than Oblivion's Shivering Isles, it ultimately fails to deliver the awesome experiences provided by Morrowind's Tribunal and Bloodmoon expansions--although any Morrowind fan will love the addition of not only the island of Solstheim to Skyrim's already vast landmass, but also the still-amazing Morrowind soundtrack as you traverse the snowy isle. The Skyrim modding community is also excellent and the steam workshop makes it very easy to add awesome new content to your game. All in all, Skyrim is a must-play for any RPG fan and is a very solid package, exceeding its predecessors in gameplay and in attention to detail in the world. However, the storyline is simply not as interesting or gripping as its predecessors nor is the voice talent quite as great (with the absence of Sean Bean--I'm sure you can guess what happened to him in Oblivion!). Skyrim is truly a great experience and one can really only crticise it in relation to the other amazing games the team at Bethesda have made in the past. It is well worth a look if you haven't already! 9.5/10.
game-hours: 305.2
review: One of the best open world rpg games out there , also I highly recomend downloading nexus mod instaler and instal some mods which enhances even further already great game .
game-hours: 107.7
review: What can be said of this game that hasn't already?
game-hours: 420.0
review: If I could play this game for the rest of my life, I would.
game-hours: 388.7
review: im at 234 Hours of play time Vanila skyrim is wonderous but add mods for A true gaming Paridise DO what you want WHY you want Follow qeusts or dont its just a realy PERFECT open world game Download Nexus Mod Manager to add non steam mods with Ease this game will never grow old as you can simply update your graphics mods 10/10 THERE is no other like it #modittillitcrashes
game-hours: 9.5
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is by far one of my all time favorite games. If you like RPGs this is a can't miss game, well I should say series. Anyways this game gets everything right, from combat to crafting to the story everything is intricately crafted and all blends well together for a can't miss experience of adventuring.
game-hours: 625.0
review: When its on sale its very worth your money. The mods on this game are great. Even though i get bored of the same game fast i find myself coming back to skyrim after i finish a game. Been playing since early 2012 nvr got to finish the main quest. Very often i find myself not using fast travel just because the game looks so good with graphical mods enabled. In my opinion it was well worth my time. Will be continuing to play this game.
game-hours: 249.0
review: I'm a completionist, something that is quite a challenge with the Elder Scrolls games series. Skyrim is a dream come true for my play-style: Free form, free roaming, play and discover. I love getting lost in Skyrim and discovering new places, side quests and what not. Really one of my all time favorites and highly recommended!
game-hours: 249.0
review: I'm a completionist, something that is quite a challenge with the Elder Scrolls games series. Skyrim is a dream come true for my play-style: Free form, free roaming, play and discover. I love getting lost in Skyrim and discovering new places, side quests and what not. Really one of my all time favorites and highly recommended!
game-hours: 29.7
review: The game is fun until you've beaten countless time on the console version. But on the PC you can get a wide range of extra goodies from the workshop, which brings the excitement and thrill back to the game.
game-hours: 822.4
review: One of the most beautiful and immersive RPGs I've ever experienced, Skyrim has alot to offer to gamers, ranging from casual players to hardcore RPG fanatics alike. You are the Dovahkiin, the Dragonborn, destined for great things, good or bad, in the land of Skyrim. With a main story line and four side story lines in the base game alone, this game will constantly entertain you with a near endless supply of adventure... not to mention the support for mods and the offical Bethesda downloadable content.
game-hours: 306.5
review: It's addictive, runs well for a game with such good graphics, has an awesome modding community even though it came out 3 years ago, great replay value, never ending entertainment, and is pretty much the best RPG on the market. 9/10 Because f*** the falmer.
game-hours: 570.4
review: Oh, God, I've played so much of this sodding game! Over 500 hours, isn't that sad? Yes, yes it is! But... I had a great time playing it. If I hadn't I wouldn't have played it for several weeks. It's a good game, no one can say anything else. It's very immersive, it has some pretty good storylines, and it has SO MUCH content! But... (there's another one) it's not very good. I know that sounds really weird, and it kind of is; let's take a look at the melee combat-system: the weapons have no weight, at all! No matter how massive the axe you're swinging is, it feels like you're playing with a stick in the forest. And the main strategy is "click the  out of the left mouse button", sometimes broken up by "block, then realise it's about as effective as blocking a sword with a pillow stuffed with balloons can be". And the bloody magic in the vanilla game! It's boring and ineffective. If you want to play with all the schools of magic on the same character, you have to spread your skill points thinner than cheap butter on even cheaper toast. The AI is...not there at times, especially in your companions, who somehow allways seme to find a way to block the doorway. I might be a bit too harsh on the game, but that's just because I've seen it all. I've seen all its ups and downs (mostly downs as it turns out) In conclusion: Yes, I would recommende this game, but not as a game. Think of it more as a roleplaying-experience. Oh, and one more thing, mod the hell out of it, there are a lot of talented people out there, and it makes the game so much more enjoyable.
game-hours: 92.5
review: de +++++++++++++
game-hours: 692.9
review: Many hour sunk into this game ... almost 3 years from release and is still one of the best games in my library.
game-hours: 37.9
review: This is one of the best RPG's ever created and one of the best in its series(The Elder Scrolls) alokng with its predecessor, Oblivion.This game will be loved by both action and RPG fans since it combines elements from these 2 game genres in a unique way...The only drawback I can find in this game is its numerous bugs which is a normal thing taking its humongous world and environment into account...So stop what you are doing and go buy this piece of art!! Peace!
game-hours: 54.2
review: great game. except for getting stuck and reloading to an hour ago.
game-hours: 280.7
review: shot a guy in the face 10 times with arrows and he did not die i took one arrow to the kneee (hehehehehehe arrow 2 teh knee) and i died -11/10 would take one in the knee again (or  thats nice 2)
game-hours: 162.0
review: I've owned this game for under a month. Look at my play time.
game-hours: 153.8
review: -  ,  ,
game-hours: 107.8
review: Can jump! Would buy again 10/10
game-hours: 208.3
review: there is simply no more manlier way to catch butterflies!
game-hours: 8.2
review: great game to hunt things
game-hours: 31.4
review: its good
game-hours: 1575.1
review: Yes. YES! YYEESS!! GET IT! ITS EPIC.
game-hours: 171.2
review: Pros -Graphics are great. -Mods, mods everywhere. - Massive open-world to explore. - Be who you want to be. Cons - Main storyline was too short. - Some minor bugs. Overall I love this game to death, it's something you can always come back to.
game-hours: 47.4
review: A very good game, much good ,such buy ,so fun, would recommend this to people who like role playing games and massive maps to roam through but make sure your computer can run it.
game-hours: 53.1
review: Best RPG Game- Best Elder Scrolls Game, nuff said
game-hours: 400.2
review: this game is awesome, you can never ever get bored of it. Unlimited playthrough value.
game-hours: 573.5
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 13.6
review: I love the game
game-hours: 153.1
review: Stabbed someone in the . 10/10
game-hours: 363.6
review: pretty much the unfinishable game that makes you want to finish it, will always be coming back to play
game-hours: 308.8
review: BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 72.4
review: The Elder scroll series is back. Return to Tamriel and experince the next edition in the best RPG series of all time
game-hours: 175.1
review: Funtastic. Just bought the DLC's looking forward to playing them
game-hours: 2.1
review: Got lost in the tutorial. 11/10
game-hours: 634.1
review: Um verdadeiro devorador de vidas. Com essa frase j d pra ter uma ideia se o jogo  bom ou no. Uma dica,  EXCELENTE :) Recomendadssimo, logicamente a verso lendria. A true life devourer. With this sentence you can tell if this is a good game or not. A tip, is GREAT :) Highly recommended. Obviously the legendary edition.
game-hours: 30.6
review: An interesting and immersive documentary game exploring modern life in Sweden. The metaphor of Dragons (representing the European Union) who have recently awoken and are now pressing into all aspects of Swedish life is quite inspired.
game-hours: 81.8
review: well of course i reccomend it its ing skyrim
game-hours: 182.0
review: Fell Asleep Modding the game, didn't play it for a week dus ro dah/10
game-hours: 95.6
review: An absolute epic game! Played about 17 Hours already and ive bearly scratched the surface to this game. There is so much to do and kill and loot, Its amazing! Best single player game i have played!
game-hours: 123.0
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is an amazing open world game. Bethesda has outdone themselves in developing it. At the time of it's creation, it had some of the BEST graphics in the video game industry, and even today, when one considers the fact that it is a HUGE open world game, the graphics are still impresssive. The HD texture pack adds some extra detail, but 3rd party mods are required to make the game look the best it can be. The storyline of this game is one of my favorites. I would highly recommend this game for years to come.
game-hours: 84.6
review: 2011RPG
game-hours: 540.4
review: ruined my life, and made me almost fail my classes. i love it :D
game-hours: 29.7
review: So another brother to the family of Elder Scrolls ! This game is just AWESOME. Open world, cool skill tree, crafting weapons armor potions and other.Questline is enjoyable and side quests are fun too ! If u like RPG's where you can travel around a huge map then go ahead and buy it !
game-hours: 65.8
review: "It's like Skyrim with Skyrim!" - IGN
game-hours: 168.6
review: best game by far and only just skimming the surface of it let alone the mods u can install to make it an endless game 6 stars!
game-hours: 61.8
review: DAYUM DAT DOVAKHIN GOT SOME ASSSS
game-hours: 95.4
review: skyrim is good
game-hours: 129.2
review: Best RPG since Oblivion and Gothic II. 10/10! 2 years after release it's still the best RPG on the market. The Elder Scrolls is the best RPG series ever! Everyone who loves RPG MUST BUY this game!
game-hours: 51.7
review: ,     ,   ,  ;     .    ,     .      .  ,      ,      .            .        .   10/10.
game-hours: 197.1
review: Excellent game, well rounded! I love the Elderscrolls series, especially Skyrim due to its immersion, expansive open world, lore, and gameplay. I've spent well over 100 hours on it and plan to increase that!
game-hours: 161.2
review: Totally worth the buy
game-hours: 36.2
review: Dragons n' stuff..... just what the badge i get for writing a review.
game-hours: 417.0
review: The game is really fun. It's really good for those who like to role play or explore. Skyrim, has many features that allow almost any player with a sense of adventure to find their niche. And further more, DRAGONS! Who wouldn't want to fight dragons!
game-hours: 327.6
review: Itds about dragon..s.........
game-hours: 252.8
review: If you have the patience, time and electric then skyrim is one RPG worthy of dropping in on. It is massive, it will take you a whole lot of time building your characters stats and also collecting a whole lot of stuff to use on enemies. Overall if you wanted a singleplayer experience that is gonna take a whole lot of time to complete everything then skyrim is one of the best in its genre.
game-hours: 121.2
review: One of the best games out there
game-hours: 38.7
review: Do you know those times where you are so mad with the world that you just want to shout? Well, this game is perfect for that. Yeah, it's kinda boring that you need to kill dragons and go into dungeons to find the words to show but, after that, you can scream all you want. Some screams make people run away from you, others make you push them and so on. Until I bought Skyrim, I had no idea how much fun it was to shout but now I do. Thanks, Skyrim
game-hours: 98.7
review: it's like skyrim with guns
game-hours: 60.6
review: Best Game EVER ! This was my first Elder Scroll game and from the very beginning I love it ! The graphics are beautiful, the gameplay is great, but the best part of Skyrim is the inmersion ! You can do whatever you want, be the main story or the sidequest, you will always have something to do. You can spend all day and not get bored in this game. The DLC are nice additions, although you already have enough content with the main game by itself. And if by any chance you get bored, there's always the mod's community making news stuff ! When I cracked this game I liked this game so much that I bought it because it's a masterpiece. It's that good. Seriously, stop reading this and go buy it and play it :) !
game-hours: 75.8
review: I had not owned Steam's install until now, but if I had written a review when I had originally played this game, it would have been composed similarly to the following piece: "Quite possibly the best Role-Playing-Game Bethesda has had the pleasure of developing. The 100+ hours that I have invested into this game are looked back upon quite fondly (a statement, that I assure you, carries no demur). Alone, this game easily stands tall at 9/10--impressive, no doubt--yet with the DLC content, modding capabilities, and continued patch support, it easily boasts a 10/10. Now I will leave you with these two simple words...buy it."
game-hours: 100.0
review: SO SEXY!
game-hours: 74.1
review: It is certainly true that Skyrim is much, much better on the PC rather than on the consoles. Why? 1 word. MODS~ There are many, many, many, MANY MODS ALL OVER THE INTERNET. Besides, the gameplay is pretty good as well. As far as I'm concerned, this would be rated at a 9.75/10. It's pretty good, but not my absolute favorite game. Still, it's good!
game-hours: 315.5
review: Ta gra po prostu wymiata. Jest to jedna z tych produkcji, gdzie bdc w podziemiach, czy ciemnym lesie, naprawd masz obawy co si przed Tob pojawi za nastpnym zakrtem. Do tej pory takie odczucia miaem jedynie w Gothicu. Swoj rol odgrywa muzyka, ktra nadaje ten klimat niepewnoci. Naprawd sporo moliwoci, masa pobocznych questw, ktre bardzo wyduaj rozgrywk. Rozwija posta mona na kilka sposobw, m.in mag, skrytobjca, typowo cikozbrojny wojownik, lub lekkozbrojny piechur. Ciekawie zrobiony system wbijania lvli. eby awansowa na kolejny poziom postaci, trzeba podnosi coraz wyej kade z umiejtnoci - samo zabijanie nie wystarczy. A umiejtnoci jest mnstwo. Kilka rodzajw czarw, kowalstwo, alchemia, zaklinanie, lekki i ciki pancerz, jedno- i dwurczna bro, tarcze... I wiele wicej. Naprawd polecam, daj ocen 10/10 i mam zamiar w przyszoci dokupi dodatki do tej gry, ktre nawiasem mwic wygldaj obdnie - ale to ju inna historia.
game-hours: 740.2
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a very good game in my opinion. Being a person who very much enjoyed the other games in the Elder Scrolls series I believe this one is another game in the series that adds a lot of great gameplay features and replay value.
game-hours: 35.7
review: immersive
game-hours: 146.7
review: One of the best so far in the Elder Scrolls series. Like previous titles, the base game can get dry and run out of steam, but the modifications available provide hundreds of hours of enjoyable playtime. Packed with lore like always, and with an upgraded engine, there's no reason not to play this one.
game-hours: 49.3
review: Best...game...since Fallout 3...and ever
game-hours: 2.6
review: Pretty good game so far. The graphics are beautiful.
game-hours: 325.9
review: Skyrim is everything I came to expect from a Free-Roam RPG. From character customization to spells and enchantments to the different enemies that come crashing through after you on your quest, this game delivers. A healthy mod community also delivers engaging (and sometimes ridiculous) mods to suit your fancy and every occassion. I recommend playing the DLC as well once you've finished the Skyrim original content.
game-hours: 216.3
review: I have poured many hours of my life away into this game, and it is still one that amazes and intruiges me. I would never not recommend this game; if you're a fan of the Elder Scrolls saga, you should have bought it already. If you've never played an Elder Scrolls game before, this is a great one to come in on, as the graphics are crisp and beautiful and the storyline is deep and engaging. A must buy for Western hack n' slash RPG fans.
game-hours: 116.8
review: This game is amazing. Very well orchestrated music accompanied by beautiful graphics makes this game the best fantasy adventure I have played EVER. The gameplay is slow and gritty, with three main classes: Thief, Mage, and warrior, all equally fun. The variety between one thing to the other is immense because of subtlety. For example, weapons ranks are based on their material, and every material makes the weapon change but not by too much, making it more realistic, although there could have been more variety in these weapons. There was one side-quest which the key item was a sword, there were books on this and to get this started I was pumped, but to my dismay it was a regular shape. There are few varieties in crafted weapons, which is my only negative comment, other than the occasional glitch. I give The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim a 9/10
game-hours: 51.8
review: 50 Hours of Joy on this beautiful game so far. Many more to follow!
game-hours: 199.1
review: Perhaps the best RPG I have played and the expansions are well worth playing through as well.
game-hours: 94.1
review: Lots of snow and a lot of adventures to be found:
game-hours: 142.3
review: One of the best games i have ever played !!
game-hours: 95.6
review: I don't think this game will ever end and I don't want it to. It's such a beautiful game!
game-hours: 218.4
review: Pretty good, better with mods
game-hours: 173.1
review: I killed a dragon with my voice, shouted him apart. And dragons sometimes fly out of the ground. BEST GAME EVERERER 10/10
game-hours: 169.6
review: It's awesome! 10/10 will kill all of tamriel again.
game-hours: 163.6
review: 10/10 best gejm EU
game-hours: 152.9
review: Destroyed my life 10/10
game-hours: 93.2
review: An absolute time wortex that you get sucked in. Keeps up with the previous Elder Scrolls games and brings the gameplay further. Also, the modding is excellent.
game-hours: 54.4
review: Excellent game, love it :)
game-hours: 72.4
review: "Do you get to the Cloud District very often? Oh, what am I saying? Of course you don--ARGHHH" [Sword through the stomach in broad daylight. No one arrests me because everyone in Whiterun is sick of your  Nazeem. ing Nazeem]
game-hours: 272.9
review: I was ogreloaded with joy when I bought this. I spent a good 50 hours running around in my underwear decapitating people. Verdict: 9/10 would Shrek.
game-hours: 210.8
review: This is such a good game. You can do so much in it. My favorite part is modding so far which adds more awesome to this game.
game-hours: 277.2
review: After several hundred hours, I keep finding reasons to play this game.
game-hours: 279.3
review: I almost had all the Trophies on the PS3, now I have/get to start all over again on PC. At least now I have mods.
game-hours: 91.9
review: If you haven't played it already, there's no need for further speculation. Best RPG in the Milky Way, period.
game-hours: 29.5
review: This game is amazing 69/10
game-hours: 15.1
review: first i think this game is boring and **** i was played that game some hour and now i am sure this is game of the year (2011).this is really addictive :O 10/10
game-hours: 35.9
review: Oblivion with swords
game-hours: 573.7
review: If you love The Elder Scrolls or looking for a good rpg in general. I would Highly recommend this game. Great Game 9/10
game-hours: 173.3
review: Probably the best modern game I have played. I still have some old 1980s-90s games that are in my all time top 5, but Skyrim is hands down the best.
game-hours: 1218.3
review: Such an amazing game even just with the Vanilla version, however with mods on PC the options are endless!!! Even at full price this game is well worth the money, but on sale this is a no brainer to buy. Also very much worth it to check out the dlc.
game-hours: 22.1
review: This game is too much fun, I love this game. 11/10
game-hours: 131.2
review: IT GAVE ME KNOWLEDGE ON HOW TO SUCK HUGE
game-hours: 749.5
review: I have crammed nearly 700 hours into Skyrim! Mods help replayability of course. Yeah this games amazing. nough said.
game-hours: 82.9
review: Mods, mods, and more mods. I was hesistant to buy at first. It was fun, but I had already played the game. I put in near identical hours on the xbox version, but I wanted to play the game with mods everyone is talking about. Stop reading, just buy the game.
game-hours: 171.2
review: My first real RPG experience ever and I loved it. I purchased this when it was at the lowest sale price available last years and it is a gorgeous game (once modded with updated HD textures, etc..), I found myself staring into the Aurora Borealis' at surnrise and sunset quite often. Fully immersed locations like the underworld at Aftland really blew my mind, demonstrating to me what an open world game can look like and how vast it can be. Side quests were often as fun as main quests and at 170 hours of non DLC gameplay the awe inspiring experience finally began to fade on me... Can't miss game from full price to any sale price.
game-hours: 124.8
review: wonderful game with great mods
game-hours: 91.5
review: Great game. With all the quests and mods out there you'll never get bored.
game-hours: 215.1
review: Despite having a ton of individual features that are nothing special when looked at closely, Skyrim as an entire game is incredibly engaging, and inexplicably awesome. Worth playing for anyone without arrow-related knee injuries.
game-hours: 468.0
review: The scenery is breathtaking as well as the ability to go wherever you want the quests are optional with lots to do. You could go in to bloody battle, or pretend to be a normal person in one of the cities or towns. Overall, it is one of the best fantasy games I have ever seen!
game-hours: 22.0
review: This game is pure fun. The quests are indepth so you won't run of things to do or unlock anytime soon. Also there is full player customization so who wouldn't want to be a fu**ing mage or a killer dressed like a crazy jester. You can kill anyone you want who isn't essiential to the story line for example you can kill a city guard but not the jarl of whiterun. Also you can retire from adventure by buying a house and marrying someone or you can go out and make a name for your self in a good or bad way. 10/10
game-hours: 60.2
review: Sir Frankenberry, Esquire visits the city of Solitude for the first time. It's a business trip, but there's much to see in this relative metropolis. The matter of business is attending a wedding reception, but that will go on all night. Let her live a bit longer. Sir Frankenberry, Esquire has time to be distracted. He comes across a clothing store, something else the warrior has never encountered. Non-protective outer chest coverings? How unusual. How... impractical. The shop's owner, Taarie, is as intrigued by the sight of an orcish customer as Sir Frankenberry, Esquire is by the mere existence of the shop. The owner's curiosity bubbles over. She energetically requests that Sir Frankenberry, Esquire model one of her signature garments for Solitude's mayor. The unspoken but understood reason being that if her clothes can make this monster look appealing... Sir Frankenberry, Esquire sees several steps beyond this thinly veiled insult and into the payoff. He would be honored. Taarie passes a formal hip-length tunic to Sir Frankenberry, Esquire and wishes him a good evening. Once out of sight of the shop, Sir Frankenberry, Esquire forces the shirt on over the top of his full plate armor. It stretches, but in credit to its craftsmanship, does not burst. Refusing to smile, Sir Frankenberry, Esquire heads off towards the reception. Solitude's mayor has already arrived, of course. She has predictably positioned herself adjacent to the bride, where the evening's attention will be perpetually centered. A fully armed and armored 7 foot high orc approaches. His face is hidden by an enclosed helmet. The warhammer strapped to his back runs nearly the full length of his massive frame. A strained and battered wrap of cotton fabric clings about his chest. The mayor maintains composure. "DO YOU LIKE MY SHIRT?" "I'm sorry. Hello... your shirt?" "YES. DO YOU LIKE IT?" "Oh. My. It's positively astounding. I do." "TAARIE MADE IT FOR ME. SHE OWNS A CLOTHING STORE IN TOWN." "Taarie did? That's... great. I should visit her later on..." "SHE MADE IT FOR ME TO WEAR FOR YOU TONIGHT." The mayor was on the brink of betraying an emotion of discomfort. But before an eyebrow could be raised, Sir Frankenberry, Esquire's warhammer was lifted overhead, then brought down through the body of the nearby bride. The weapon's weight was more than that of the target. The swiftness of the action combined with the unrecognizable result meant that several seconds passed before anyone knew exactly what had occurred. Anyone except the orc, of course, who was already sprinting towards the city gates. "TAARIE MADE IT FOR ME! SHE MADE IT FOR ME TO WEAR FOR YOU TONIGHT!" Sir Frankenberry, Esquire permitted himself a smile.
game-hours: 26.4
review: Buy it.
game-hours: 173.6
review: Best ing RPG game that I have had the honor to play. Easy to mod, fun to get into, vivid graphics, the list goes on. If you want a RPG where you can kill dragons, slay vampies/werewolves, and just about do anything you've wanted to do in Lord of the Rings then this game has your name written all over it. 10/10, BAD  game.
game-hours: 97.7
review: Good Game that has potential with modz to be over 10000 hrs
game-hours: 362.9
review: Wow, can't begin to descibe how good this game is.... When I first heard about people talking about this game I automatically assumed they were nerds, but playing this doesn't make you feel like you are playing dungeons and dragons, or WoW. It feels like you are another person, choosing your own path; slaughtering innocent townspeople, becoming a hero who wants to protect all that is right, or even becoming a master vampire and living out in the marsh with a house you built (DLC required). The landscapes are stunning, the AI is, I can't say the best, but compared to games like Just Cause 2 and and ArmA 2, they are much better. I spent 250 hours playing vanilla, and still have not completed the Dawnguard questline as a Dawnguard member, or finished the companion questline (I hate the companions if you buy the game hopefully you will agree with me), and still am doing quests. Need cash and love killing? Join the Dark Brotherhood, a ancient organization which carries out assinations. want to be a master wizard (you get to zap people with lightning and )? Join the mage College of Winterhold. After 250 hours I got mods which made the game so much better. Buy it. Stop wasting your time trying to find out if its good, because IT IS.
game-hours: 19.2
review: Like Far Cry 3 without guns 10/10 -IGN
game-hours: 14.7
review: 10/10 GG WP
game-hours: 347.0
review: Looking for ultimate battles and epic adventures? This game carrys much more than you would expect, Skyrim brings many quest's and areas to explore so you can't really have time to relax and have a cup of tea. There are many ways you can come into battle and many ways to take down your biggest foes!
game-hours: 214.5
review: Amazing game, as you would expect from an Elder Scrolls. The many items/locations/playstyles and customizations will make you love this game for a long time. Not to mention the free-roam/open world aspect of the game. I found just wandering around and not knowing what I might come across very cool. This game can still surprise you after hundreds of hours of playtime. Sounds and music are also great. If I could only have one game, it'd be Skyrim :)
game-hours: 5.6
review: TES 5: Skyrim -  !!!    !
game-hours: 374.4
review: an incredible game really nice grapichs even there is a bit too much ambient light but still awsome
game-hours: 43.8
review: Let me clear things up by assuring you that none of the quest bugs, graphical issues, gameplay glitches, or unexplained crashes I've encountered can change the fact that I played this amazing RPG for well over 100 hours (mostly on xbox) in the past couple weeks and absolutely loved it.
game-hours: 21.4
review: Its really good looking once you add the necessary mods
game-hours: 268.1
review: If you have not played and logged at least 200 hours onto this game, you have just missed the excellent experience in visiting a world with one of the most well-established lores in games. The Elder Scrolls franchise takes place in Tamriel, one of the continents in the planet Nirn. In this game, you explore Skyrim, one of the districts of the Imperial Empire at the northern part of Tamriel, except Skyrim is currently politically unstable, and is at the start of a civil war. You will decide who you want to fight for. Buy the game, play it, and immerse yourself into the vast world of The Elder Scrolls. The game is worth every dollar spent and every hour played.
game-hours: 593.5
review: This is the best game I have ever played. There is so much things to do in this game so far i have put 1500 hour in to this game and still finding new things to do. 10/10
game-hours: 88.4
review: writing a review / reccomendation cause i like free stuff
game-hours: 139.8
review: un jeu exellent
game-hours: 234.4
review: I have not seen the sun for 2 years. Great game.
game-hours: 196.5
review: *Scene* Exiting a cave, covered in blood from your tangle with a troll you climb your way to the top of a hill.. Leaning over the edge and looking downward onto the town that lie below, you see Macho Man Randy Savage killing several naked shemales. ...Do you venture onward to the town, stop the onslaught on your future waifu, or go back through the cave? Only you can decide. 10/10 Would recommend
game-hours: 390.2
review: This game is so good, it should be mandatory. It's just unending fun.
game-hours: 83.0
review: Fantastic game with almost limitless possibilities.
game-hours: 77.9
review: one of the best games i've played in a while
game-hours: 184.2
review: Possibly the best game I've ever played.
game-hours: 289.8
review: The best Elder Scroll ever !
game-hours: 13.8
review: 10/10 Would bang.
game-hours: 85.8
review: If it hasn't crashed yet, install more mods. That's how I play this game, yet I have spent more than half my time playing this game trying to troubleshoot it. 9/10, could have more hair options in character creator.
game-hours: 36.7
review: Imagine yourself wetting your pants. Now imagine how delightfully warm it is when you first start to feel your urine slip down your hairy legs. Its so comforting and awe inspiring. Now imagine the sticky cold feeling that follows. That cold feeling is Dota 2. Skyrim is really fun though.
game-hours: 385.6
review: Ok, I have played this game through multiple times, and I have played more hours than Steam shows because at first I was only playing it on the Xbox 360. Then I realized how much better the PC version of the game was! So since that realization I have been exploring the land of Skyrim on PC only. Now, on the PC you get access to extras like high resolution textures and many many mods. Modding makes the game almost endless. So if you want a great looking game that is also a great playing game then I recommend Skyrim. There is so much to do & different ways to do it each time, and its one of the games I return to when I get bored with the other 120+ games on my account.
game-hours: 17.0
review: I had never played any of the other Elder Scrolls before Skyrim. I orignally bought Skyrim on the XBox a couple months after it came out. It blew me away even on a console. The character customization is vast, the scenerey is breathtaking, the gameplay is incredible, and on PC, the customizability using mods makes for an awesome game. At the beginning of the game, like most RPG games, you can customize your character. There are so many options you can spend up to an hour just fiddiling with facial features. That just shows how much effort Bethesda put into this game. They put so much into a feature that is almost pointless since you rarely even see your character's face. It just gives you an idea of the quality of the rest of the game. After spending half an hour making my character and doing the beginning "tutorial", I took my first steps into the outside world. It blew me away. It's crazy seeing a spectacular mountain in the distance and knowing that you can climb it. Everything you see can be reached and nothing is just there as just a background... except for the sky. The combat in this game is really fun and rarely gets repetive. You can go in one cave slashing spiders with your sword, go in the next blasting witchs to pieces with spells, and go in another shooting all the draugr in the head with a bow. There are so many different types of weapons and armor and the combat never gets old. Skyrim is full of quests. In fact, that is how the story is moved along. Some of the questlines are really fun, like the Dark Brotherhood quests where you become an assasin. Some quests, on the other hand, get boring in repetitive. A lot of NPCs will give you a quest like, "Kill that thing in the cave." so you can get a favor from them. Lastly, the mods. Wow. When I bought Skyrim for PC, I was amazed. The things you can do with mods is amazing. You can do things like enhance the graphics, improve the UI, and fix annoying bugs. Hell, there's even a mod to replace the dragon at the beginning with Thomas the Tank Engine or make all the female NPCs naked... if that's what you're in to. Overall, this game is stunning and is my favorite game I've ever played.
game-hours: 1198.8
review: Haven't really done more than tried it out, but it seems alright so far....
game-hours: 61.5
review: Skyrim in a nutshell - Everything you ever wanted in an action/RPG game. As long as it has been dangerous to go alone, from the time of the first wooden sword, back when we only had top down 8-bit graphics, there have been games that allow you to choose where to go and what to do. Skyrim is a shining example of allowing you to choose exactly what you want to do. Feel like running a totally serious playthrough as a Nord Warrior who smashes and shouts people into Oblivion? Sure. Want to be an Elf mage who is more pretentious than everyone else, oh, and who also throws fireballs? Of course. Had a long day and want to blow off some steam? Console in a few dozen cheese-wheels on top of a mountain and Fus-Ro-Dah those suckers flying across Tamriel... Mod Support? OF COURSE! 10/10 Would mod top-hat wearing mudcrabs again.
game-hours: 214.2
review: Just.... WOW
game-hours: 12.1
review: This review was written as response to the question if it was worth it to pick the legendary edition: I recently bought the legendary version for the pc because i knew i would eventually buy the DLC's, since i already have 500+ hours on skyrim in the ps3. The main game is pure awesomeness, but in my opinion the best missions in skyrim come from the dragonborn DLC (well don't disregard the fact that with this DLC you can ride dragons) and the dawnguard DLC adds a lot of content for something that looked a bit vage in the main game (werewolfs and vampires). Last but not least with hearthfire you can actually build your house not just buy one, but what makes this DLC awesome is the fact that you can adopt kids (it may appear dumb in a game like skyrim but after a while you actually form a bond with the child). So yeah i think it's worth picking the legendary edition. TL;DR: Buy the legendary edition you won't regret it.
game-hours: 71.9
review: Good game. Fair warning though, once you start playing it, it's hard to stop.
game-hours: 52.0
review: This game has me walking around in real life saying Fus Ro Dah at random people.
game-hours: 28.0
review: You could probably run around for hours and not actually do anything contributing to the plot, but feel like you're doing something with all the side quests you're blazing through. Yeah, it's alright.
game-hours: 159.5
review: There is so much to do in this game. An ideal singleplayer game for when your friends are offline or your internet is off. Wouldn't recommend for completionists though, they'd never see sunlight again.
game-hours: 42.6
review: Is there anything to say? Great game, buy it at any price!
game-hours: 77.0
review: What ever you do DON'T TYPE IN CAQS!
game-hours: 224.3
review: Get this game. Why are you questioning it? It is amazing!
game-hours: 71.9
review: You can go to space in this game by communicating with one of the giants. 10/10 would sweetroll again
game-hours: 190.6
review: The legend that is Elder Scrolls V. It would be impossible to fit in all the amazing things Skyrim has to offer, even to list the basic features and mechanics of the game would create a review lasting pages and pages. The game has an amazing story that is revealed to you depending how much you put in. You start the game, sandbox style you can follow the suggested story or head off and do your own thing, filling your knowledge with the history of the world, races and characters the story becomes more and more clear to you. Dangerously immersive, hundreds of hours worth of gameplay, perhaps easily the game of the decade, century even. Only bad point, why didn't they hire more voice actors?
game-hours: 89.0
review: best game ever
game-hours: 116.1
review: This game is TRULY great. 1. Free Roam RPG: Not much video games are like this, especially with the WONDERFUL graphics Skyrim has to offer 2. Creation Kit: A tool that comes with Skyrim. SUCH AS... If you were getting tired of the game and you are ABSOLUTELY Over Powered, you can create your own NPCs, Dungeons, and Items and customize them. Once you are done, you can upload them to the Steam Workshop to show other people your newest creation / mod. 3. Choices: You can have an AMAZING amount of choices in Skyrim. You can become a mage, warrior, theif etc... and with that, you can apply your skills in-game and play IN the game 4. Add-ons (DLC) Hearthfire: You can get married, ADOPT children and Freaking MAKE YOUR OWN HOUSE! Dawnguard: You can become a vampire, learn about Skyrim's history and uncover amazing ancient artifacts Dragonborn: You can learn more about Ancient Nords, the Dragons and Dragonborn in this game. Dawnguard lets you travel to different places that were unaccessable before installing the content. (Same with Dragonborn DLC) 5. Abilities: In Skyrim you can cast magic (Destruction spells, Conjuration Spells - my favorite- and more), have recreational skills (Speech, Smithing, etc...) or Fighting Skills (Archery, One-handed weapons, Two-handed weapons etc...) This game is truly REMARKABLE. You should really consider buying it.
game-hours: 1668.1
review: A good basis for the thousands of mods out there. Too bad the devs didn't have time to write a story in.
game-hours: 79.3
review: Destruction magic level increased - real life productivity decreased
game-hours: 76.8
review: I hate snow, but love this game. GET IT!
game-hours: 290.1
review: This game will ruin your life. 10/10
game-hours: 123.7
review: the best game ever
game-hours: 46.3
review: "Like Far Cry 3 without Guns"-IGN
game-hours: 163.3
review: Last summer, instead of going on a holiday, I played Skyrim, best holiday ever... I mean where else would your daily adventures involve dragons? :)
game-hours: 235.3
review: Dragons, dragons, dragons. This game is brilliant, loads of stuff to do. Tons of quest, tons of places to explore. A must buy for ANY fan of RPG games. Get this and TESIV & TESIII, all brilliant games.
game-hours: 12.1
review: This is a great game. Good graphics, good gameplay. I love the combat system, it's a huge improvement from the other Elder Scrolls games.
game-hours: 53.7
review: Tried to kill the dog in Riverwood and now the whole village hates me. 10/10
game-hours: 91.9
review: is fun
game-hours: 81.2
review: A truly addicting game. Even if you're not that into role-playing games (like me) or not that much into Fantasy (like me), this game and it's immersive world will still capture you and bind you for hours.
game-hours: 121.8
review: If you like playing RPG games you'll love this game.
game-hours: 48.9
review: Excellent game, climbed to the top of the highest mountain, jumped off, unloaded my inventory and watched it all fall away from me. I joined it shortly thereafter, bouncing along without a care. 10/10 would leap again.
game-hours: 17.0
review: Incredible. No other way to put it. Modding is amazing and vanilla is quite good. Basicly just Incredible.
game-hours: 77.7
review: This game is simply awesome its my second day having it and i have 26 hours. If you are thinking of buying it dont hesitate.
game-hours: 13.9
review: Good time killer and the base game does well enough. But if you want to get everything you can out of this game, prepare to mod it a fair bit for the experience you want. Otherwise, you might as well get it on console.
game-hours: 3155.2
review: Skyrim without mods is like water without a drinking glass. I highly recomend this game but there are few mods that should always be ran in it. Recomend you get Nexus Mod Manager and get your mods from Nexus. There are alot of mods that improve how the game looks. None of those are on my list below, so you can look for those if you have a PC that will run them all it looks like a next gen game. Here are the ones I recomend for game play. Core Mods: 1. SKSE - Extends the capability of mods created, Needed for many of the other mods 2. SkyUI - Redoes the UI so it no longer sucks on a PC. Much better. 3. The 4 Unofficial Patch Mods (Skyrim, Harthfire, Dragonborn, Dawngaurd) they fix hundreds of bug. 4. Immersive Patrols - Makes everything better as you run into patrols from all the factions as you move about. 5. Immersive Armors - Expands armors in the game 6. Immersive Weapons - Expands Weapons in the game 7. Immersive Creatrues - Adds more creature types, expands the ones that are in game and makes them stronger 8. Cloaks of Skyrim - No cloaks in the base game, can you believe it? This adds them. 9. Bellyaches New Dragon Species and Ohdaviing Replacer - Nice looking Dragons, and more varrieties 10. Deadly Dragons - Makes Dragons stronger. Configurable, make them as strong as you like. 11. VioLens - A kill move mod. If you want to adjust frequence and type of kill moves. 12. OBIS - A Bandit modification that makes bandits harder to kill and more unique. Quest Mods: 1. Helgen Reborn - Adds a quest line to rebuild Helgen 2. The Paarthurnax Dilemma - Adds options to part of the main quest, and lets you play more your way. 3. Moon & Stars - Perhaps the best additional quest line developed. 4. Dreadmyst Hollow - Very good Vampire/Horror Campaign 5. Wormstooth - Adds a small new land area and a really good campaign 6. The Shadow of Meresis - Really cool mod that has a kinda dumb ending. Still very worth playing. For a Touch of Oblivian in Skyrim add these, both great mods. 1. The Oblivion Realms Serie - The Gate of Solitude 2. The Oblivion Realms Serie - Morthal Pain Additional Follower Mods 1. Arissa - The Wandering Rogue 2. Sofia - The Funny Fully Voiced Follower (Note some comments from her are adult in nature) 3. INIGO - One of the coolest followers I have ever used. 4. Enhanced Skyrim Followers - Aela the Huntress: Not a new follower but makes Aela very cool and quest aware. Put those in and Skyrim will be twice the game (in play time) the base game was. THere are also many more good mods out there. I picked some of the ones I liked the best to list. This is a great game and a lot of fun to play again with a different selection of mods installed.
game-hours: 90.8
review: This has been my honest favourite game for a long time.
game-hours: 419.2
review: Skyrim has one of the best graphics of the games fron 2011 in my opinion. This game is not like the most games. You don't have to follow the mainstory, you can do other quests if you want, you can make yourself stronger. It's up to you what you do with your character. I really like that. It's refreshing. There is so much to do in this game, many choices. You can become the great hero, a very skilled thief, an assassin, you can become the greatest warrior and you can even marry someone. I would recommend this, just because of the nice landscape and the stories.
game-hours: 200.1
review: One of the best games i've ever played! You can put so many hours into this game without knowing. I recomend just starting off with no DLC or mods until you feel you know enough about the game (not story wise, but gameplay wise, because some mods can affect it). As for DLC, i would get Dawnguard and work through that, then get Dragonborn because Dragonborn can mess things up a little (i may have killed all of Riverwood because of some damn cultists). It doesn't really matter WHEN you get Hearthfire, but get it as it adds the nice touch of adopting some kids and making a hom for you and your family. Enjoy :D (i know you will)
game-hours: 54.9
review: the best rpg all of time , you can do whatever you like
game-hours: 117.6
review: This game is amazing because it gives you countless hours of stuff to do. You can install multiple mods that make the game a lot more better. Graphic mods really bring out the beauty in Skyrim and they have mods that can improve the Civil war. I plan on playing hours more. The character creation allows you to create your own unique character. Mods allow it so you can not be the dragonborn. One of the best games I have ever purchased and I will never regret it. Gives you something to do when you are bored or have nothing to do.
game-hours: 916.7
review: This is probably the best game that has ever existed or ever will.
game-hours: 2.8
review: p good
game-hours: 19.6
review: Me: *Rummages through man's pocket for items* Man (to Guard): Are you not going to stop him?!? Me: I'm just looking. Guard: He's just looking. 10/10
game-hours: 632.9
review: This game is absolutely fantastic and if you don't have it, you really must buy it!! If you've already got it I hope you're playing it lots!!!
game-hours: 222.0
review: Feel like a viking in all it's open world glory. Minus long boat rides. PLUS FIRE BREATHING DRAGONS! I have dedicated over a month's work, full time to this game. Enough said.
game-hours: 12.8
review: skyrim is the best call of duty installment yet
game-hours: 517.0
review: what the hell this game is really fun and basically perfect and even when its not perfect just go download a mod and its like boom now its perfect. i'm in the top 1% of all players according to Raptr which is a very valid source so you should listen to me
game-hours: 63.7
review: Im not too big into RPG's and Fantay game but I would highly recommand this game to anyone who enjoys a long journey along with a title with a lot of replay value. The world of Skyrim is massive while each chracter encountered has their own story to tell. The combat system is simple and I rarley use the magic (sorry Im a noob in this genre). To be honest I got into this game after binge watching Game of Thrones and a friend suggested, I was right to listen to him.
game-hours: 142.4
review: this game is awesome i dont why you are still looking at the reviews. Just BUY IT NOW. If you want great graphics? CHECK if you want interactivity? CHECK if you want to be a powerful mage or an unbeatable warrior? CHECK if you want to get married settle with your children in the houses you built(for heartfire users)? CHECK if you want to become an assassin or a thief,or a vampire or a werewolf? CHECK.
game-hours: 367.8
review: Oh, there once was a hero named Ragnar the Red Who came riding to Whiterun from ole Rorikstead And the braggart did swagger and brandish his blade As he told of bold battles and gold he had made But then he went quiet, did Ragnar the Red When he met the shield-maiden Matilda, who said; "Oh, you talk and you lie and you drink all our mead Now I think it's high time that you lie down and bleed!" And so then came clashing and slashing of steel As the brave lass Matilda charged in, full of zeal And the braggart named Ragnar was boastful no more- When his ugly red head rolled around on the floor!
game-hours: 193.6
review: Of all the people I've ever talked to, I've never found one who held overly negative thoughts about The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, and rightly so. Sure, it's not perfect; the game tends to hold the player's hand and leveling is easy compared to the leveling in Oblivion, but Skyrim is a big picture game. The excitement of discovery, the sprawling overworld, the power of choice, the ability to craft your character how you see fit - these are the core elements which have drawn millions of gamers into Bethesda's snowy wonderland for dozens, even hundreds of hours. The attention to detail in Skyrim is absolutely ludicrous, and despite complaints about The Elder Scrolls' "floaty-feeling" combat, Skyrim is able to deliver an incredibly realized world with the depth in combat to boot. The Sneak-Archer, Melee-Brawler and Mage builds are all viable (though I don't recommend being a Mage) and feel different enough to warrant multiple playthroughs. The Skill Tree system (now with an infinite level cap) incentivizes further gaming due to the perks it gives for each respective Skill, giving longtime veterans another reason to keep playing. In the end, there's so much to Skyrim. A thorough review of the game could be as long as full-blown college essay, so I'll leave it this: for any gamers who haven't yet played Skyrim, play it. You won't regret it. 10/10
game-hours: 119.4
review: Wonderful, must play!!! Rate: 9.3/10
game-hours: 128.8
review: Kill a NPC no one baits an eye. Kill a chicken and everyone loses their mind. 10/10
game-hours: 36.9
review: it's fun guys, c'mon
game-hours: 56.5
review: This game is incredibly awesome. Dragons, dragons everywhere! Graphics are amazing and storyline is epic.
game-hours: 58.8
review: This game will never get old....
game-hours: 444.3
review: Really great game with lots of depth and good voice acting. Easily customizable with a load of mods to choose fromon the Steam Workshop.
game-hours: 163.9
review: A very addictive game that makes you feel the need for continuing. Brilliant.
game-hours: 60.3
review: amazing game
game-hours: 58.8
review: best game for ever
game-hours: 139.8
review: As I write this, only 117 hrs on record. One of the most entertaining of the Elder Scrolls series as far as exploring and finding new things at every turn. I still miss Daggerfall (they need to bring back ships, improve spell creation, etc.) and it feels like Skyrim has fewer things to loot than Oblivion... but with the right mods this game is superb. I'd say this makes my top 10 list but with a few crippling bugs and with some need for improvement on the crafting/skill/balance area, it will stay toward the bottom of that list for now.
game-hours: 75.0
review: My favorite game of all time. This game really throws you in a world where you can be what you want to be.
game-hours: 313.8
review: Awesome game, Completely worth every penny!
game-hours: 18.8
review: 3 hours in, and I'm already addicted. Amazing game with great visuals!
game-hours: 141.7
review: Like Skyrim with guns - Ign 10/10
game-hours: 296.4
review: Best game ever. No doubt
game-hours: 565.9
review: I am a little Reluctant to recommend this but I will - I just dunno yet, I'm not as impressed as I should have been. Morrowind was revolutionary and oblivion captivating but this is so... So So. It is elderscrolls so its worth picking up when its on special under $10. The Hud annoys me it is clumsy and easily frustrating with the whole thing having a heavy consol feel. IMHO dont pay the full price but still there are worse games out there with higher pricetags.
game-hours: 471.7
review: An awesome game, despite what people say about being dumbed down from its predicessors Morrowind and Oblivion, it's still a great game!!
game-hours: 316.3
review: If some could create mix of Skyrim and Fable III, then this would be for me the best game in the world. Positive: - you can basicly go everywhere - on almost every single squere centimeter of space in this game - bounty to pay for getting caught on crime - making your own weapons, potions etc. - skills tree - big amount of locations to explore - different types of dragons - many factions to join - dragon shouts - intelectual challenges - story line is adictive - many different characters (they have different dialogs - not like in other games just 2 - 3 types of dialog) - enemies can't kill your companion - great climatic music - books, that helps you level up - enchanting - you decide what kind of weapon effects you want to have - you can own a horse - lots of quests - fast travel - waiting - bribing the guards - rhetorics Negative: - no unreal engine graphics, in which I'm in love with :( - our character doesn't talk - even with mods character aren't as beautiful as in Fable - no moral code - you can worship deadras and sacrifice people, but no punishment for that - minor bugs - no posibility of throwing spells around you - like in Fable - unless you have scrolls - scrolls spells hurt your companion - you can accidentaly kill your companion - guards punish you even if other character is attacking you first and you're devending yourself with weapon - undeads - I don't like that they have to be in every single adventure rpg game :( - when you use Frul dragons often lands of the ground far away from you, at the time when you run to him he flies away - to long dialogs - besides the Shadow, horses are to easy to kill - you can have dog but you can't leave him in your home, because he's going back to the merchant, you bought him from - many side quests are incredibly linear - almost no comedian situations besides reading some diaries PS: I played standard version - without any DLC's
game-hours: 90.8
review: THIS GAME IS AMAZING!!! You can get mods that make the game better and somehow can even make the graphics better. I've played longer than it says since I've switched accounts so so far maybe 60+ hours. I beat the game as a member of the Stormcloaks and it was fun as heck. Get the game now if you can!
game-hours: 207.9
review: So I started out this game not sure what to expect, it was one of the few games where i start without seeing a Let's Play of First. I quickly got wrapped up in the intense storyline and quickly beat the main story. The game also includes an abundance of side quest that have taken me much longer to do than the actual storyline. This game is great for RPG loves and would be perfect for a roleplay, assuming you have the multiplayer mod.
game-hours: 209.0
review: Best. Game. Ever.
game-hours: 238.0
review: Best game I've ever played. Completed the main quests and both expansions in roughly 140 hrs. of game play without getting bored. I'd even love playing it again but with a different type of character. I will find time to do it one day haha
game-hours: 22.1
review: I have many more hours on the console. Got this game the day it came out and have loved it since that day back in 2011.
game-hours: 164.3
review: Elder Scrolls is a great game for both the hardcore adventurer as well as the at home family man. Good for action as well as pass-time.
game-hours: 384.2
review: One of the best games I have ever played! I have put over 200 hours into this game, and there is still so much more things to do. Countless quest with amazing dialouge and exploration, along with an epic story full of action and battles. I have never played a game this much fun in my entire life! This game is even worth the full price. A 10/10 rating this game should have :D
game-hours: 86.7
review: skyrim is a great game that really gets you hooked in and makes you want to play the story more and more as you play it. skyrim is also open to steam workshop so mods are really easy to install and the game is really well optimized so i dont thimk anyone should get any lag what so ever
game-hours: 869.5
review: (Might be spoilers. Tread with care) Play one of several races. Loot, craft, enchant, fight with weapons or wizardry. Generic sounding? In theory. In practice? Whimsically & groundbreakingly awesome on so many levels. In what other open world game do you get to climb giant mountains, for crying out loud? Though widely viewed as less magical than its predecessor in terms of its atmosphere by Oblivion fans, it is also rightfully recognised for its own grittier aesthetic which complements the celtic/norse house style of the UI in a way that brings the feel of the frosty homeland of the nords forth like nothing else. Also, it arouses further intrigue to see the empire hanging in the balance, & even the Blades forced from their former glory into, um.... well, nine gods know where. Then we have the DLC. Dawnguard? Meh, but having more content for Skyrim was bliss in itself, so I approve. Dragonborn? Now we're talking; what better than to get a glimpse of the Dunmer culture once more, served alongside a deeper exploration of Hermaeus Mora (the fact that his quest was connected to the core game's main quests was a neat introduction to daedric quests, but a bit desperate) as we delve into his realm of apocrypha. Hearthfire? Never bought it myself, but eh, if you WERE looking to build your very own ingame house.... But I must digress. Skyrim: Legendary edition is out there in case you hadn't already caught onto this masterpiece. Although after clocking an, ahem, 800 & over hours of gameplay, I'm not quite as ecstatic these days, I reccommend giving Skyrim... a try? No. This thing was a turning point for my gaming career, from pure nintendo into the world of PC gaming. Go whole hog or go home; you have an albeit small country to fudge around in.
game-hours: 10.1
review: this game is amazing!
game-hours: 45.8
review: Very engrossing. Will easily consume a couple days.
game-hours: 90.8
review: This is the best elder scroll game yet. It has 3 different addons, Dawnguard,Hearthfire,and Dragonbor i give this game 5 out of 5
game-hours: 84.4
review: A great game if you dont like certain limits, and being able to play even if you finish the main story.
game-hours: 330.2
review: If you love RPGs. This is a must have. If you hate RPGs. This is a must have.
game-hours: 843.1
review: I am perfectly comfortable in saying that The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is by far the best game that I have ever played. The combat is familiar but still keeps things fresh to differentiate itself from previous Elder Scrolls titles. By current standards, the graphics and character models may seem a bit muddy, though this can be fixed by one of Skyrim's strongest features, its amazing mod support and community. While the base game of Skyrim itself can keep most players busy for a few hundred hours, mods add hundreds more, and with DLC-worthy mods such as Falskaar and the Skywind Project, the game seems as though there is no end. Gameplay aside, the lore and quests in this game don't offer as much freedom as Morrowind or Oblivion, but don't tie you down enough to where you feel like you're being forced to make a certain decision. The game offers the player a lot of freedom, as all side quests in the game can be completed as long as the player has obtained the power of the Thu'um, and that's another great feature all together. The Thu'um, or Shouts as the game more frequently refers to it as, is a power that the player (and a few other important characters) possesses that allows him or her to use their own voice to pretty much annihilate the enemy. There are more than 20 different Shouts in the base game, with the DLCs adding even more, and each one is uniquely different than the next, so the player doesn't feel like they're just getting an alternate version of the same power each time. A few other small things to mention is the simplified Level Up menu that allows your character to distribute stat points and perks without having to find somewhere to sleep and the amazing character customization. Honestly, there isn't much that I could find wrong with this game. And I'm pushing 800 hours of gameplay. So seriously, if you don't own Skyrim and you need to blow a few bucks, buy it. Trust me, you won't regret it. On a scale from 1 to 10, I think it's quite obvious at this point that the Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim receives a strong 10/10 from me.
game-hours: 146.9
review: Dis Good Very Very Good BUY IT!!!!!!!!!!! Dummcuffs
game-hours: 157.8
review: One of the most fun fantasy action/adventure RPGs out there with an open world. There are probably thousands of quests to do, many sights to see, and the epic battles you will have are endless. The leveling system is incredibly unique and allows one to play exactly the type of fictional character they desire by completely ruling out having to choose a class. Without a doubt, this is personally my all-time favorite game.
game-hours: 260.1
review: The Best Game I've Ever Played! :D
game-hours: 30.3
review: Amazing game. You can play it for hours and never get bored of it.
game-hours: 55.2
review: This game is not perfect, but it is as close as your going to get, i would get this game anyday.
game-hours: 259.2
review: there is so much to do in the game and it is so much fun
game-hours: 93.3
review: BEST GAME OF ALL TIME!
game-hours: 332.6
review: I would recommend this, but only if you really liked oblivion and morrowind, the world is gigantic and there is a lot to do, the combat system is  and the story isnt that good but if you dont mind those or download mods (there is a huge modding community for itanother positive point) its a great game that will suck you into it.
game-hours: 136.7
review: I've played this game on all 3 platforms since release, and even after getting all achievements there is a lot more to do in this game. Installing mods just makes the game more stunning than it really is, and in short; it's probably the best game out there in my opinion (Maybe discluding Fallout)
game-hours: 133.1
review: Excellent game. Wish the gameplay was more like morrowind though. That was by far the best in the series.
game-hours: 353.0
review: This is one of the best games i have ever played in my whole life, it never, ever ends, so much too do, every person you talk to ingame will have something interesting too say or for you to do, a huge world to explore thousends of quests to complete caves too explore and anthing else, i highly recommend this masterpeice to anyone who can afford it.
game-hours: 31.7
review: Plain and simple. EPIC!!!!
game-hours: 102.4
review: This game has something for everyone. I am not one for first person shooter games but Skyrim has more than just killing. There is a whole world to explore and become who you want. Feel like becoming a mage? Want to be a hired hitman? Want to just run around the world meeting people? Just feel like exploring? Want to get married? I fully reccommend this game! (Also, I have over 40 hours on this game but I guess my offline time doesn't add to my profile?)
game-hours: 257.8
review: Kinda like Fifa, and kind of like Fallout, and nothing like Fifa.
game-hours: 334.7
review: Modding simulator. You will get mods, have the game crash, fix mods, get more mods, have the game crash, fix mods, and then the cycle repeats. 11/10
game-hours: 386.4
review: Fun and entertaining, almost always something new to find or discover.
game-hours: 107.5
review: What can I really say? It's skyrim and is a fantastic game to play, particularly on PC. This game offers hundreds of hours of entertainment and if you are getting bored of the vanilla game there are always mods to download. Seriously the amount of mods available to download will add thousands of hours of extra content to your game without purchasing the DLC. This game is HUGE and is a game that can be tweaked to suite your needs as a gamer. This game is a game that you'll get your moneys worth out of it within a week because of the engaging story line and enjoyable mechainics. You'll probably realise pretty soon that dragon skeletons and giants have pretty messed up physics. But all in all this game is totally worth the money you pay for it and will be something that won't just be shelved and unplayed becuase either way this game will always give you the appeal to play it.
game-hours: 74.1
review: Wow. This game. Where do I start?! Well, a short summary of Skyrim would be: Massive, Immersive, Addictive, Full of quality content, involving, can be as easy or as challenging as you like, gritty, realistic (for fantasy), magical, full of exploration and discovery. Is there a limit of how many commas I can use because oh boy, I could just keep going & going. Here is the true review: Skyrim is the ultimate fantasy RPG and is arguably the best Role-playing game ever. It may have a few flaws, bugs & glitches, but the large (and I mean LARGE) majority of the game is truly breath-taking! *Visuals - While this game was released back in 2011, the visuals were (and still are) great in bringing a realistic feel to a fantasy world. Although there are some low resolution textures, the overall look of the game is VERY well done. On the PC (with mods) the graphics can be easily upgraded for the current generation of gaming. *Gameplay - Although many people criticise the seemingly 'clunky combat,' I think it gives a really gritty and realistic feel which fits right in with the tough barbarian-esque atmosphere. The only 'clunky' combat that I have experienced is with two-handed weapons (Great Swords & Warhammers). Weapons like regular swords, daggers & bows don't feel clunky at all but they still feel realistic. Magic is very enjoyable to use. When you're not spraying your enemies' face with flames or casting a ball of light inside a cave, you're turning enemies against each other with a powerful conjured Daedra Lord attacking them all whilst invisible and unseen. You can even use staves if your magicka is low or you can wield a spell in one hand with a staff in another. Oh, I forgot to mention; you can dual-wield! Dual-wielding is when you have a sword in one hand and a spell in the other. Or, you can even wield two swords as well as dual-casting spells for a more powerful effect. Overall, I think the combat is fun, rewarding & enjoyable (especially on higher difficulties). The rest of the gameplay mechanics are very well done; especially when it comes to crafting, collecting loot, harvesting etc. *Levelling - The levelling system in the game is simple yet effective (yes, I'm talking about vanilla). The more you use a certain skill, the better you will get a it. It is as simple as that. For example: If you're a mage and you just start using flames, it won't do much damage at all. But the more you use them (or any other spell in that particular school) the more your Destruction skill increases. When you've levelled a skill (or several skills) enough times, you will 'Level Up' your character's level. For example, if you're level 1 and you increase your destruction & one-handed skills a few times, your character's progression bar will glow and you can level up your character. The levelling up process consists of choosing either Health, Magicka or Stamina. These three attributes are your main buffs in the game. While Health is obvious, Stamina increases the duration at which you can sprint as well as perform power-attacks. It even increases your carry-weight which increases the amount of items you can carry. Magicka increases the duration of your spells as well as allowing you to cast more advanced spells. #NOTE# You can find/buy/make jewellery/armor that can give you buffs in certain skills so you don't have to fully rely on perks. You also get perks. Perks are points that you can use to increase (decrease Magicka cost of spells) your chosen skills' power/damage as well as unlocking new abilities. You must spend your perks sparingly because you only have a limited amount. So choose wisely! *Crafting - Instead of just buying weapons, armor, potions & enchanted gear, you can make them yourself! With a little (or a lot) of skill, you can create extremely powerful weapons, potions & enchantments as well as very protective armor. Smithing: Is the skill to improve weapons & armor at forges, grindstones & workbenches. A high Smithing skill means that you can forge more varieties of armor as well as being able to improve them (and the associated weapons) twice as much! Enchanting: Would you like to absorb the health of your enemies as your own? Set fire to them with just a touch of your blade? Paralyse them? You can do so much with enchanting. You can enchant both weapons & armor. In order to enchant an item, you need a filled Soul Gem. You can buy soul gems or use the Conjuration spell, 'Soul Trap' on an enemy in order to trap their soul. (The tougher the enemy the more powerful the soul = more powerful enchantments) Weapon enchantments mainly consist of a type of damage buff such as shock, frost, fire or poison. You can also apply Soul Trap to a weapon in order to easily trap the souls of enemies instead of using te spell. Armor enchantments consist of effects such as: *Increase Health/Stamina/Magicka *Muffle (harder to detect when sneaking) *Resist frost/shock/fire/poison *Increasing a certain skill (E.g. one-handed weapons do 25% more damage or increase heavy armor skill by 10%) Alchemy: Allows you to make powerful potions & poisons. Although you find many potions/poisons throughout the world, none can compete with a master Alchemist's skill. For example, a normal poison may do 2 points of health damage for 10 seconds. You can make the same poison of lingering health that does 7 points of health damage for 30 seconds. The equivalent of a health potion would be: Regular Minor Healing Potion=Restores 25 points of health vs Master Alchemist Health Potion= Restores 100 points of health. #NOTE# The in-game potion/poison strengths/types will vary as well as the types/strengths of potions/poisons that you make. All that I'm trying to explain is, your potions & poisons will always be better than any potion that you can buy/loot if you level Alchemy. *Overall Opinion - While Skyrim was the first RPG that I had ever played, it still remains my all-time favourite. I look up to this masterpiece of a game as it introduced me to my favourite gaming genre. I do love other types of Role-playing games besides open-world such as dungeon-crawlers (Dark Souls & Legend of Grimrock) and the Witcher. Kingdoms of Amalur: Reckoning & Dragon's Dogma are two other open-world RPGs that I enjoy playing and have spent hours on, but no game has ever given me the total feeling of immersion & depth like Skyrim has.
game-hours: 166.1
review: Great game of all time for me.
game-hours: 138.3
review: best game evar :D
game-hours: 558.7
review: Very good game, you will get many hours out of this. It does suffer from bugs and not so good storyline, but most of the bugs can be fixed with mods and many mods that adds more quests and improve some quest. Absolutely worth the money and don't regret buying it one second. One of the best games around!
game-hours: 44.7
review: Do you really need someone else's opinion to play this game? By now you've surely heard enough to pick it up. If not, you're dumb.
game-hours: 75.5
review: The world's best game in the world.
game-hours: 272.9
review: It goes without saying, this is one of the best games ever made! It's a Game of the Year accross the board. When you play a game for 150hrs and still have an overwhelming amount of sights still to see, you realize how much heart and soul was put into such a game!
game-hours: 375.1
review: IT IS AWESOME the open world with no forced story it is now my favorite game!!!! doing what ever you want in skyrim is easy because of add-ons etc. enough side quests to last a life time SO A MUST GET!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 394.6
review: freaking over 250 hours in still haven't beaten the story line still entertained what is this 10/10
game-hours: 42.1
review: A masterpiece of modern RPG gaming. If you liked Morrowind and Fallout 3 / New Vegas you will enjoy this a lot. It perfectly paints a picture of a vibrant world. The quests themselves are compelling and will keep you guessing right until their conclusion. Feel free to roam around the countryside hunting dragons and mining til your pockets are full!
game-hours: 190.3
review: Best sandbox RPG on steam.
game-hours: 16.0
review: So many differant playstyles, Stealth,Combat,Friendly,. I've recently began playing it again and it is amazing So Many differant wavelengths and opportunitys 10/10 Also play this with mods which then make it more fun XD Good playable FPS On average computers so don't worry.
game-hours: 31.8
review: this game makes up entirely for the production of brink by bethesda. GOTY
game-hours: 79.3
review: 9.4/10 Skyrim, this, I can truthfully say, is onle of the best games I have ever played. The immersive feel of whenever you're trying to bow down enemies of your guild with a bow, the role playing of drinking beer i n a bar, the fear that you feel when you see a troll. All of these factors make Skyrim my favorite RPG. The sheer quantity of things you can do, the ways you can play, you way you can look! When you play Skyrim, you feel like you're really choosing your own path, more than just an alternate ending, or a certian team. You choose what you do; and how you do it. I've never played a game like it, you really get to know it well, get in to routines, without it ever seeming repetitive, you just enjoy knowing where to run, or how to hide. Even when you do get to know Skyrim, complete the quests, max out your skills. You introduce yourself to the vast modding comunity, both on the Nexus and on the workshop, you can get so many different types of mods, being able to see that dragon's wing in more quality, or adding a whole new hold on a far away island, you never run out of mods to explore. These things are what add to why Skyrim is one of my favorite games of all time, a must buy for and Roleplayer, Explorer or Combat-Lover
game-hours: 96.0
review: 9/10 This is a great game and one of my favourite i have ever played. But im reviewing it on its basics. No mods. It gets a bit boring without mods but you can always add them.
game-hours: 138.2
review: I am a long-time fan of the elder scrolls series, and they have been putting out game after game for years. Each time a new game comes out, it pushes the limit of the gamers experience. This game is no different, 50 hrs of gameplay will pass before you know it.
game-hours: 210.3
review: This game is FANTASTIC! The vanilla game already has a BUNCH of content,but throw in mods and some DLC and you easily have 600+ hours,this game is very good and I would reccomend anyone to pick it up.
game-hours: 259.1
review: A thoroughly immersive, gigantic and - most importantly - fun game to get lost in for ages and ages. Skyrim delivers an absolutely stunning opportunity to build your own story, tailored to your own wishes. On top of that, modding capabilities ensure free long-lasting and highly individual enjoyment.
game-hours: 57.4
review: THE ELDER SCROLLS SKYRIMMMMMMMMMMMMMM
game-hours: 20.7
review: One of the best games for PC.
game-hours: 133.4
review: If you don't already own this game, your parents should disown you. Just buy it now, i'll forgive you.
game-hours: 63.5
review: Greta game, never gets boring. 10/10
game-hours: 148.1
review: I already had a copy on PS3 but it's been phenomonal rediscovering Skyrim through the modding scene on PC. Mods like SkyUI, Frostfall and ENB visual tweaks make even a huge amount of playtime on a console well worth exploring it again on PC. I hope Bethesda continue to allow their games to have life long after their release through modding.
game-hours: 145.5
review: Great game and with mods, geez it blows my pants off!!! :D
game-hours: 56.3
review: My favorite game ever made. I've owned it on Ps3, Xbox, and now PC. The game lets you do whatever you want, and gives you the most lovingly crafted, beautifully designed game world I've ever seen to do it in. One of the only games that you can truly keep coming back to. You can look at any door, open it, and explore what's behind it. You can see an impossibly far away mountain peak, and you can scale it. You can make potions, weapons, armor. You can be a thief or a knight or an alchemist (all with the same character if you want). There are just so many things to see and do that I won't ever be really sure I've seen or done them all. That alone makes it worth the purchase tenfold for me. People will complain about the combat system being shallow (and I mostly agree), and there are some definite bugs, but I will gladly accept those things in exhange for the world of Skyrim. The soundtrack is beautiful, the modding community is absolutely insane, and the team at Bethesda are so obviously passionate about the world of The Elder Scrolls. There are so many games that I love, but I have never been truly immersed like I am while playing Skyrim. If you can't tell, I heartily recommend this amazing game.
game-hours: 191.3
review: I used to have a life like you. Then I took a Skyrim to the knee.
game-hours: 257.2
review: Simply put, GET IT!
game-hours: 458.2
review: If you've lived under a rock for the past 2 years you might not know that this is a good game. Has it's problems, bugs, ect, but it's a great game. The combat system suffers from being either too complicated (as a mage or whatever) or being way too simple (as a basic warrior / archer)
game-hours: 2.1
review: Apparently I just wasted $60 because I wasn't aware of the myriad mouse problems that Bethesda hasn't bothered to fix in over three years. Also found out that Steam doesn't do refunds. You're welcome for my money Bethesda. You'll never get another dime from me. They never should have released this game in this broken state, especially with a lazy, money-grabbing developer that refuses to fix the real problems.
game-hours: 3.5
review: FUS RO DAH!!!!
game-hours: 35.2
review: Awesome game 10/10 gota have a good pc to run it tho
game-hours: 26.3
review: just absoulutly AMAZING if u want adventure this games got it swords got it bows and arrows got it mystical hights got it then this games for u IT EPIC u should deffinitly get it NOW!!!
game-hours: 599.7
review: I am writing this on the 21st of July 2014, and let me tell you something, friend: Skyrim is on sale. 75% off to be precise, but more to the point: It costs 3,74 euros! Let me say that again, guys, "3,74 euros!" That price is preposterous! That price for such a humongous game like this? Too good to be true! If you do not own this amazing game yet, and you see it for a price like this, yes, let me say it again, again, "3,74 euros!" do yourself a favor and BUY IT!
game-hours: 378.4
review: An amazing game on its own not including the DLC and additonal mods. Definitley worth buying!
game-hours: 100.0
review: Fanstastic Game, not much to complain about!
game-hours: 145.6
review: I love the game, it has hours of fun and play. You can immerse yourself into a fantasy world with dragons and assassins. Or if you would like warriors or mages or maybe even thieves. There is so many diffferent directions you can go, and different ways you can change your own expierience.
game-hours: 514.3
review: The fifth game in The Elder Scrolls series does not disapoint ;-)
game-hours: 142.8
review: Play it. Now.
game-hours: 287.4
review: Best game ever! <3
game-hours: 97.3
review: A joy for the exploration-focused role-player.
game-hours: 26.3
review: This game is legendary
game-hours: 203.3
review: If You play this game or u are going to, YOU MUST HEAD TO WORKSHOT OR NEXUS to waste you life! Currently play it with 200+ mods and its so SATISFYING! The Immersion,The Sound, The Art... everything will make you WOOOOOW! And if you(actually You must) use mods as I said before, you can say goodbye to your life! 10/10
game-hours: 52.1
review: I launched this for 2nd time thinking of completing 2 more missions, and then I played it 13 hours without any break. 10/10
game-hours: 165.9
review: I know that my hours on this game is weak, but for these 50 or so hours I have enjoyed every single thing that I did. This game is by far one of the greatest games Bethesda has spat out.
game-hours: 68.3
review: you can strip dead bodies then drag them around; so that makes it the best game ever 10000/10 would bang
game-hours: 1215.4
review: I like sweetrolls.
game-hours: 3283.7
review: mods. help me.
game-hours: 9.8
review: -tier game until my folder becomes 500+gbs then it's worth it, 5/10
game-hours: 204.0
review: is good
game-hours: 211.3
review: <3 this, still playing 2k14
game-hours: 396.4
review: i would recommend this game to every body!
game-hours: 104.3
review: p
game-hours: 191.4
review: I have played this game on PC, PS3, and Xbox. This game is one of the best games ever made by Bethesda etc. Well, that is, at least in my opinion. I suggest, if you are new to the game, do a runthrough with no dlcs of any sort to get your base "idea" of the game. Then buy the Dragonborn, Hearthfire, and Dawnguard addons. After experiencing those addons, if you're up to it, try out some of the workshop mods! Some starter mods I suggest are RAS (Random Alternate Start), the CCO (Character Creation Overhaul {that is if I am thinking of the name correctly}), and the Blue Bear Lodge. Overall, this game is amazing and I would recommmend the entire Elder Scrolls Series (except ESO, cause I have not tried it....) to anyone who is looking for a old, yet new fantasy, roleplaying based series. SO MUCH FUN.
game-hours: 3.5
review: Awesome game, i suggest this game to people who love open world, action games :D
game-hours: 263.3
review: One of the best games of all time
game-hours: 491.8
review: I reccomend this game wholeheartedly, but with a lot of asterisks on the end of that statement. The game overall is awesome and in its vanilla form its the best an elder scrolls game has ever been. The world feels more interactive, people no longer look like potatoes, the game doesn't crash as much as older games, dungeons are designed better, quests break less often. HOWEVER, a good deal of things have been simplified from earlier games in the series and the game suffers for that in a gameplay sense and a modding sense: Seriously toned down stats mean that there is less character customization, less modability there. Paired down spell schools and removed spellcrafting means that builds will start to play the same after a wile, and its harder to mod the skill trees into something interesting. Paired down leveling system makes more sense than Oblivion's but is much more rigid. A lot of secondary stuff has been completely removed from the game such as: seperate body and leg slots, faster horses, unarmed/hand to hand skills, acrobatics/athleticism etc. skilltrees, a good deal of the spell effects from previous games. While I don't miss a lot of these from a gameplay sense I miss them from a modding perspective because they allowed for mods to change the game in more ways than Skyrim's engine will allow. Sure Oblivion was broken but I felt like you could take the game and expand it beyond what Skyrim is capable of(gameplay wise) simply because the base game was more varied and granular with the tools made avalible to the players and modders alike. And while I did have a lot of fun with Skyrim, starting new characters all over the place and expierimenting with character builds. I feel like its really lacking that serious modding passion that other bethesda games have had since morrowind and thats what kept me coming back to those games even to this day.
game-hours: 7.5
review: all these anime sex mods truly bring skyrimjob to life
game-hours: 86.1
review: Fun as . Mod it to all hell, and the game is unbelieveably good.
game-hours: 116.3
review: This is hands down one of the best games of my life. I already enjoyed Obilvion very much, even though I got to play it not too long before Skyrim came out, meaning that it was a great game years after it was released. The only issue with Oblivion that annoyed me somehow were the UI, and graphics, but those did not take the fun away at all. Skyrim is very similar to Oblivion compared to other games, but with massive improvements in those 2 things, so for me this game is close to perfection! You can be an explorer, you might like the side quests, you might like the combat system, or you might like simply walking by and admiring the landscapes (there's a lot of them). I can't possibly describe all the aspects in the game which I love since I spent quite some time playing it and there's a lot to love, but long story short, if you're even remotely considering buying it, buy it, it's worth every penny.
game-hours: 123.8
review: Great game. Started out a little slow for me, but really picked up speed after I got to Whiterun.
game-hours: 132.7
review: I have played over 800 hours of this on console so I think I can review, 10/10 on console and PC just goes off the scales for rating :3
game-hours: 138.6
review: Skyrim is awesome!!!!
game-hours: 104.0
review: Takes some of the good bits out of Morrowind and some of the few bits that were decent in Oblivion and mashes them together. Not a perfect Elder Scrolls game, but certainly entertaining for at least 100+ hours.
game-hours: 423.9
review: 09/10. Elder scroll III : Morrorwind GOTY 10/10. Elder Scroll IV : Oblivion GOTY 08/10
game-hours: 112.2
review: This game is the best!<3
game-hours: 24.5
review: Skyrim: The game in which you ignore the story, explore the world, meet interesting people and murder and pillage their homes and belongings like any good Viking should. 10/10
game-hours: 40.7
review: Skyrim is a very fun game along with the other ones in the Elder Scrolls series. You can get mods in the nexus launcher and in the steam workshop. This game recives a 9.25 rating from me.
game-hours: 509.9
review: Got a dragonboner!
game-hours: 45.4
review: An arrow to the knee can't stop me from playing this game.
game-hours: 484.4
review: Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaassssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
game-hours: 217.4
review: I've played a week on PS3 and a little over a week on PC, Skyrim is one of the greatest games I've ever played, especially on PC.
game-hours: 3.3
review: Play m8s
game-hours: 135.6
review: This game is amazing, kill dragons, steal their souls, kill things = fun. Oh, and mods............... And fight in a civil war to free your country......it speaks for itself.
game-hours: 287.1
review: Vale cada centavo
game-hours: 374.7
review: If you want to kill some mothain dragons this is your game.
game-hours: 119.5
review: If you have a lot of time on your hands and don't mind walking halfway across the earth, this is the game for you.
game-hours: 107.4
review: This game is excellent.. Everything about it is brilliant. I've only had a few problems with bugs but since the game is so amazing I can forgive that.
game-hours: 22.4
review: kills the king nobody give a   , kills a ing chicken entire village hunts you down 100/10 would play
game-hours: 404.5
review: One of the most entertaining and addictive games out there. Thirty bucks is underpriced.
game-hours: 15.4
review: I never played Skyrim up until recently, but did I make the right choice buying it. Brings back memories of Oblivion! :D 9/10
game-hours: 122.4
review: This is an absolute fantastic game. The story and side quests never get boring, and if they do you can always add something from the workshop to make it a bit more fun. I lose track of time when playing because the game itself is just so mind blowing. This is an absolute must when you are bored and looking for a game to play. There seems to be endless possibilities on what ever adventure you wish to choose.
game-hours: 353.7
review: There is SO much to do in this epic game! Even after 150 hours of gameplay you will still have more things to do!
game-hours: 194.8
review: It's like Far Cry with swords. 10/10
game-hours: 190.0
review: There are flying lizards that constantly throw hot sauce at you and scream racist slurs at you. And you can yell racist words back at them too then kill them and absorb their pig farts to unlock more racist words. 5/10 needs more racism.
game-hours: 109.4
review: This game is above epic, the possibilities are almost unlimited. Be a magic user, a warrior, a battlemage, get married, adopt children, be an elf, be a cat! and save the world of Skyrim from dragons! ... and evil dudes..!
game-hours: 67.1
review: This is 2014 people! Why the hell do you not have Skyrim yet? BUY IT NOW!
game-hours: 181.9
review: Your friends will miss you and your caffeine tolerance will get a big boost. No matter if you fight Giants, Dragons, Vampires, Werewolves & Zombies, mix potions, smith weapons or just take a walk in the breathtakingly beautiful (and huge!) world of Skyrim. You don't just play in that world, you live in it.
game-hours: 62.4
review: The best purchase I've ever made on steam!
game-hours: 167.8
review: High emersive and a very well developed game with an amazing lore behind it Highly recommended
game-hours: 521.9
review: Fantastic game. So much to do, you can re-play and re-play a multitude of times and still find different things to do every playthrough, guaranteed. And then, there are the thousands and thousands (no hyperbole) of mods available, with which you can customise almost every imaginable facet of your character and/or gameworld. And if you ever feel that you're running out of stuff to complete or places to see (I doubt this will ever become an issue), A new mod or DLC will be released which will add dozens of hours of extra play-time to the game. There's tonnes and tonnes of stuff to do and see in the vanilla version of the game, too, if modding isn't your thing. In the time I've spent playing Skyrim I could have quite easily mastered a foreign language, learnt to drive a car or settled down with a wife and kids. I'd still choose Skyrim any day.
game-hours: 122.9
review: you could play for hours! the music is dead good.
game-hours: 30.1
review: My favorite.
game-hours: 86.5
review: Miss hit the guard when trying to kill a dragon ... get a bounty points 13/10
game-hours: 29.0
review: you can put pots on peoples heads and they cant see you :)
game-hours: 91.5
review: Great Game, Great Mods, Great Dragons, Great Everything
game-hours: 365.6
review: Amazing game that will always leave you with something to do and give you hours of gameplay.
game-hours: 159.6
review: I'm currently recovering from a Skyrim addiction, you could call it rehab. This game will destroy any kind of social life that you have. 10/10 would kill chickens again.
game-hours: 5.1
review: Love the graphics <3 .
game-hours: 418.0
review: As an avid lover of TES fan I can proudly say that this game is timeless. It has provided me with countless hours of fun. The game is massively immersive and the world is beautiful. There are many styles of combat, be it: magical, stealth of hack and slash. There is never a dull moment because jobs become readily available just by talking to the NPC's. Another amazing feature is the ability to scrip, manipulate and play with a massive selection of mods. There is practically a mod for everything, from how the grass moves in the wind to totally restructuring Skyrim in HD... 10/10 Hands down.
game-hours: 189.0
review: It has it all. Open world rpg at its best. Very well spent time for those who enjoy long games, rpgs and not to know where it will lead you.
game-hours: 29.3
review: The best open-world RPG game ever made!! I told you Bethesda S. never let you down!!
game-hours: 85.3
review: To be clear, I never really l enjoyed the elder scroll series, that is, before Skyrim. It is easy to get lost in the world of Skyrim... Just head in a direction and go, that is all there really is to the game. All the adventures are interesting, and the way your character levels always keeps you engaged. If you were going to but one game to play over the course of the year, the shear amount of content within Skyrim, and with the mods that are available, it would be easy to occupy that time.
game-hours: 23.3
review: Amazing, absolutely amazing. The most beautiful RPG I have ever played. The fact that it has an awesome modding base makes it a million times better than the console version and the fact it has Steam Workshop integrated is absolutely fantastic. 10/10 for me. Makes it onto the second spot in my top 10 games of all time.
game-hours: 183.6
review: It is a TES game. That should tell any gamer everything they need to know.
game-hours: 131.2
review: just awesome
game-hours: 12.3
review: excellent arrow to knee taking simulator, I rate it 5 sporks out of 5 xD
game-hours: 69.3
review: Great lesbian harem simulator.
game-hours: 476.5
review: Awesome game!!
game-hours: 200.4
review: Fus Ro ing Da
game-hours: 1583.3
review: Skyrim has quickly become my favourite game and a very frequent pass time. I love this game for the ability to do almost anything and to try new RPG builds. The ability to do this is an amazing feeature and I would recommend this game to anyone who loves RPGs and a great immersion experience.
game-hours: 162.0
review: AWESOME!!
game-hours: 84.5
review: Mojang's Skyrim is the best in the series. Thanks notch, for all you do,
game-hours: 2.6
review: Game is AMAZING!! I just wish the story was a bit more fulfilling than just go to a  ton of little caves, visit a club full of Santa's on top of a mountain and breath on dragons until they die. I bet Gaben could do better <3
game-hours: 28.3
review: Ressurected a dead chicken to fight by my side. 11/10
game-hours: 43.9
review: Skyrim came out in 2011 and is lookes like a a brand new game. The graphics can always be upgraded with mods and is one of the best gams I have ever played.
game-hours: 101.9
review: really adventure type game you could do so many things in it its really good
game-hours: 141.5
review: Really fun game with mods. Lots to do either way :)
game-hours: 13.4
review: de_only reason peopl play dis game is becus u can make ur followers look y nexis pls ad mor pantsu mods
game-hours: 27.7
review: You should buy this game, but I would suggest playing the previous ones first to know some things a bit more. If you played them already and do not have this. Buy it.
game-hours: 277.3
review: Skyrim is one of the best games i have ever played and its a game for 1000h and than once again 1000h so i can only recommend it to everyone!
game-hours: 36.4
review: 404 : Social life not found
game-hours: 42.7
review: This is one the best games to come out on PC. ever. It is so well done in almost every single way from the amazing story to the seamless combat. However, it becomes more than worth your money when you add some of the countless mods that you can find here on steam or at the Skyrim Nexus. With mods you can change every single aspect of the game and make it look drop dead gorgeous while doing it. You dont even need that good of a pc to run this game. I have about 80+ mods and my gtx 680 handles it perfectly. Any complant that I did have can be fixed with mods so I wont even list those on here. If you dont already have it than you HAVE to it is a PC must Have. 10/10 would bang
game-hours: 24.9
review: This is an amazing game which offers an amazing experience. A perfect GCSE distraction. A GTA rival :D
game-hours: 15.7
review: gg no re but dlc aint as good as shivering isles take that back nothing is as good as shivering isles its pretty chill
game-hours: 20.1
review: Great game. Lots of fun
game-hours: 155.2
review: SKYRIM BELONGS TO THE NORDS!!!
game-hours: 121.0
review: Amazing
game-hours: 655.6
review: This game is legendary. It has a tons of stuff to do, and even after 600 hours of playing you can still find new stuff. The voice acting is quite good, and for a DX9.0c game it looks reasenobly good, and it doesn't need that good system to be ran well. But then there's the "dark side". Because of all the things it has, it's very buggy, even after many offical patches. Probably some of the bugs are caused by the game-engine, wich is based on antique NetImmerse and GameBryo. But then the awesome modding community kicks in. The are unoffical patches, overhauls, graphic modifications, etc. Defenitely a recommendation.
game-hours: 36.0
review: best game evah
game-hours: 89.3
review: "10/10" - Benny This game... I remember when I first got it... I was so excited that the sequel to oblivion was going to come out, I insisted to my mom that I go to the midnight release. I told my cousin and my friend that I was going, and said they should come along as well. We went to the midnight release and waited in the cold with a lot of questionable looking people *cough* fat nerds *cough*, it smelled horrible and was one hell of a time. All three of us got our PS3 Skyrim disc and my mom dropped off my friend & cousin first, so they got a head start on playing it. I came home and it was a day I will never ever forget, finally a game I've been waiting for, an amazing adventure to be made entirely by me, endless possibilities all at my fingertips, I could do whatever I want with the freedom of my imagination and the limitations of the games capabilities. This game is by far one of my favorite games, and I'm glad that it caught on to other kinds of gamers, so much so that it is one of the most renown games ever. I'm so proud of Bethesda. This is a game I can keep coming back to, the mods make it so that you can never get bored. Hell, I've finished this game many, many times on ps3 (in which I have over 500 hours on this game) and every time I'd end up finding something new. There are no games that are good enough to rival skyrim, with the exception of fallout (but that is another bethesda game, its like skyrim with guns) I love adventure, and this game always brings me joy when I play it. I couldn't imagine my life without such a game. I'd hope that people don't "consider" buying this game and just do it, I haven't even met a single person who doesn't like the game. *bless*
game-hours: 70.6
review: this game is life
game-hours: 64.4
review: SOOOO Great even after you have finished and maybe gotten bored just install some mods and restart your advernture!
game-hours: 503.7
review: One of the best games I have played, very addictive and exciting. They keep getting better with the graphics and texture, I almost feel as if I am in-game. A great improvement on Oblivion.
game-hours: 275.2
review: I listened to the riveting story of a town gaurd and his sudden decent into gaurdsmanship. 10/10 I cry everytime.
game-hours: 339.7
review: Since picking this game up for PS3 at launch after waiting four hours in line, Skyrim has enthralled me endlessly and provided endless possiblities for living another life in another beatuifully fleshed out world. Buying the game for PC only widened the options with modding and added an infinite possiblilites and things that may have been missing. Skyrim, like all other Elder Scrolls games, is a must have for any Fantasty Action RPG fan and their collection is not complete without it.
game-hours: 661.1
review: If you've never played this game you haven't lived yet! ^__^ so KAWAII
game-hours: 642.1
review: vanilla skyrim can be juiced for hours of gameplay and is fun itself. but since this is compatible with steam workshop, it adds a whole new realm of possibilities.you can install entire quests, make dragons tameable, nearly anything.
game-hours: 63.0
review: I UNDerESTIMATED THE POWER OF CHICKENS IN THIS GAME AND SPAWNED 1K VIA CONSOLE IT BROKE mY GAME BUT IT WAS WORTH IT.
game-hours: 140.9
review: Dude. Need I say moar?
game-hours: 29.3
review: !
game-hours: 378.2
review: Best Game Ever
game-hours: 99.9
review: Bir nu, ahrk doj ven do zul. Buy now, and learn the way of the voice.
game-hours: 72.1
review: Fus Ro Dah
game-hours: 48.4
review: Great game, gerat rpg game really good with all the adventures and much more. YOU MUST GET!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! XD
game-hours: 371.4
review: when i first played this I was all like "ERMEGERD! ETS AMATHENG!" then I completed the "amatheng" main quest line and I was like "Oh, what now?" Then i started talking to everyone and did stuff for them, and that's the best part, there's hundreds of people in Skyrim, and they all have a story, and like, 75% of them have a quest, i've spent over 200 hours on this and i'm still not bored of it, and modding it is amazing too, not to mention all the other quest lines like the companions and thieves guild, don't forget the dark brotherhood, ooh! And the whole civil war thing going on. You can tell the creators spent some time on this, and the map is HUGE, and there's over 20,000 mods on the workshop alone, even more on the nexus and all those other mod sites. Overall, this game is, pretty much, LEGENDARY.
game-hours: 44.1
review: A great game, a vast open world ready to be explored. Right at your fingertips! A must play game.
game-hours: 94.6
review: Story: Good, a bit short. Gameplay: Smooth, easy Athmosphere: Nice (cold) Music: 10/10 Replayability: With all the side quests and mods out there you can play this forever. Bonus: Mods. Total: 10/10 IGN
game-hours: 109.9
review: I love this game! We debate daily about TES games on our fb page, look for us! "The Elder Scrolls Debates"
game-hours: 228.7
review: This game is great very open and there are tons of quests. I've been playing this for about a month and I see no end to this game.
game-hours: 47.4
review: Big thumbs up, im on my 4th play through, first time with mods and its a diff experience all together. I would recommend all day long.
game-hours: 300.9
review: 10/10 Oh and know that you won't have a social life after playing it
game-hours: 266.6
review: ~This is the best game ever! ~period
game-hours: 11.5
review: I have all the DLC... The game was still impossible to fully complete before.
game-hours: 374.0
review: It's like Oblivion with shouting.
game-hours: 253.1
review: This game is great! I would play it 100 times over!!
game-hours: 223.5
review: Awesome Rpg
game-hours: 540.5
review: Edited reveiw I have played 499 hours of this, about 10 minuites away from 500. 500 hours date 1/4/2015 No reason to write this reveiw. Its not really a reveiw, its just a message to myself in the future so i remember this milestone. If your reading this, yes, i recomend this game. i have never played a game better than this, and today remains my favorite of all time.
game-hours: 48.9
review: There is really no point in me writing a review of this game since its so old but I can't help myself. I got it for my PSN when it first came out but I decided to get it on steam too because its just that wonderful. The story, the music, the landscapes. Not to mention all the options you have. You will feel like you decide the story, not the game itself. This will always be a game close to my heart and I can guarantee you that this game is so worth the money and time. If you haven't played this game please do yourself a favor and try it! 1000000/10
game-hours: 37.1
review: I must say, although some of the secundary quests and dungeons get boring and repetitive after a while. I still find it addicting to keep on going. A very good game with excelent graphics.
game-hours: 105.7
review: If you like fighting people on ledges and knocking them off the ledge and have them land somewhere on the ground while you use a warhammer that does 42 damage is awesome, this game is for you. Just beware the giants when you're a low level.
game-hours: 41.7
review: Have to kill an old granny 10/10
game-hours: 48.3
review: I had this game for xbox 360, but the PC version is so much better. I'm in love with this game all over again and anytime I'm not playing it (which isn't too often since I bought it), I'm thinking about it. This is the best steam purchase I've made. 11/10
game-hours: 52.3
review: Oh yeah... this game is the real deal. I my self have never played Elder scrolls, when I heard everyone going nuts over Skyrim i decided to buy it and see if it was worth the hype, and oh my god it deffs was. This game is more then amazing, this is one of the best game I have played in my life. This game offers so many hours of gameplay time! Deffs worth buying!
game-hours: 46.4
review: I'm still playing this game with the same level of enjoyment since it came out. The variety of mods in the community extend the life of the vanilla game so much that the game won't ever get stale.
game-hours: 119.9
review: Love this game!
game-hours: 3.0
review: It's Skyrim, do i really need to say anything else.
game-hours: 149.9
review: After all these years Skyrim is still amazing and even if you add Mods or not the game is such a great experince and if you enjoy free roaming doing what you want wen you want, or maybe joing a guild of thiefs or wizards Im sure this game will have something you want or love
game-hours: 83.0
review: Well good
game-hours: 62.6
review: this is the best game, especially with mods! i rate this on ign 7/0.4
game-hours: 1.4
review: great overall game.i have spent countless hours on this in Xbox360 and nearly finished the game entirely. im willing to do the same on here but this time with mods and probably could use a better graphics card and a bigger hard drive
game-hours: 498.1
review: My second home.
game-hours: 258.7
review: Mod it til it crashes. Would never uninstall this game for any other reason. 11/10 IGN
game-hours: 48.4
review: you can mod this game to make your character into a big-titted police girl. b-but it's not like i would do anything like t-hat! baka! ;-; 10/10 would weaboo the  out of this game again
game-hours: 63.4
review: This is an awesome game
game-hours: 647.5
review: ,           .                ,   !
game-hours: 323.5
review: The world of Skyrim is huge and immersive. You are a Dragonborn. Your actions will shape the land. Your shouts will be heard. Beasts to Battle. Dragons to Slay. Books to read. Secrets to be unlocked. Destiny is in your hands. I highly recommend this game for anyone who loves adventure. 9/10
game-hours: 135.3
review: omg this game is like ing amazing why would you check reviews this game is like omg buy this game its the best game ever it looks like  but with mods its like the best looking game of 2017 this game is the most amazing ing game i have ever played the world of skyrim is like god damn huge and the people are like funny and interesting and want you to give them mead and this game is full of content and stuff to explore its the best game of all time and you can like have a follower which is annoying and gets in your way and you can become a thane and steal stuff and get in jail and escape the jail and you can kill dragons and save the world and stuff and you can become a master thief or a fearsome warrior or powerful mage and you can get annoyed at that ing nazeem for saying "do you get to the cloud district often oh what am i saying of course you dont" and omg i want to kill him so ing god damn bad but then i would get a bounty and get thrown into jail for like 5 minutes but when i get out i will ing tbag him while ing screaming fire in his face and then i would kill some dragonpriests and display them in my modded house which i got from the best modding community in the ing world and yeah this game is a must-buy so buy it know if you havent already bought it while reading this review
game-hours: 198.9
review: Oh i love it no boring in this game just great game
game-hours: 127.5
review: one of the best games i have ever played.
game-hours: 20.9
review: Best RPG of all time and one of the best games of all time. Even if somehow the main story and all its different paths bore you the mods add hundreds of hours more making it a better and sometimes hilarious experience
game-hours: 30.8
review: One of the Best games i have evered played.... its even better with the Steam workshop and 3rd party mods
game-hours: 97.0
review: Much better than the console version.
game-hours: 48.5
review: I Have a friend that literially took an arrow to the knee. and this...... was his story
game-hours: 31.2
review: beatiful, moddable, great mods available, decent main quest, plenty of decent side quests, pretty cool. plenty choice of crafting items, smithing and magic. Lack of classes is a break still from the tradtional, but you can orient your character twords any playstyle you wish, it is completely open . Did I mention beautiful? Plenty of great scenic views, visual effects. Classic fantasy monsters, undead skeletons, zombies, vampires, werewolfs, and of course dragons(Which are done fairly well with AI movement and behavior)and many more. Did I mention it looks beautiful?
game-hours: 20.9
review: cool
game-hours: 92.6
review: Le meilleur RPG au monde apres Elder scrolls Oblivion.
game-hours: 561.7
review: A very large fantastic experience, especially if you mods it with great things like brighter water, dragon souls for perks and more armors/weapons from The LOTR (etc.)
game-hours: 116.3
review: Skyrim is not game of the year , Skyrim is game of the decade. Perhaps the single most non-linear game with a beautiful open world and dynamic settings where you can almost literally go and do anything you please, Skyrim was my first experience with The Elder scrolls series , I had got it as a Christmas gift in 2011 for the PS3 , I managed to log well over 800 hours of game play ,always starting a new game after hitting level 50ish .also got all three DLCs (Dragonborn) (Dawnguard) (Hearthfire) after they become non exclusive (still sort of pissed about that one ) and that added another 100 or so hours of game play . But even so, eventually the grind catches on , i had done the whole story , every side quest and nearly every radiant that you can think of several times over , it would be a safe guess to say that I had done the story nearly 20 times , and so after my love of skyrim died I turned to Oblivion ( and eventually getting well over 200 hours of gameplay ) . and then Steam puts Skyrim Legendary edition on sale (from what i can remember it was 25 % off ) and so after playing it on a console for the past few years, and always wanting to be able to mod it , I grabbed it on steam , and the love for it found me again, after finding a few wonderful mods here on the workshop I found myself wrapped in it again , and while the story line is pretty much the same (aside from a few mods) , the ability to add and take away elements from this game makes it all worth while again . so would I recommend Skyrim to You ?, most probably, if you like playing games that utilize critical thinking skills , and if you like open world RPGs , and if you have somewhat of an Imagination , then yes I would .
game-hours: 12.1
review: i have put soo many hours into the xbox 360 edition of this game and lucking forward to doing the same on my PC
game-hours: 37.3
review: MODS!MODS!MODS!
game-hours: 402.2
review: -Best Game Ever :D -For me the best RPG - 10/10
game-hours: 333.6
review: If this game isn't in your library...something is wrong with you.
game-hours: 114.0
review: It's like the Grand Theft Auto of Medieval times.
game-hours: 19.9
review: I Love This Game! :P
game-hours: 36.2
review: Great freaking game! Good ol fashioned mid(high)evil rpg dragon skill based 1st and 3rd person tactical life sucker of awesomeness. 5.1 stars.
game-hours: 34.6
review: THIS GAME IS GUD
game-hours: 161.8
review: I used to be an adventure like you , but i took an arrow to the knee
game-hours: 572.0
review: This is a great game. Basically, you are put in the shoes of the one warrior in Skyrim who can stop the World-Eater Wyrm, Alduin. You accomplish this through your steel, your spells, your wits, and your Dragon Shouts (the power to warp reality by yelling in the dragon tongue). Along the way, you must battle the likes of vampires, bandits, frost trolls, and more. And the story does not end after you save the world once, oh no. The DLC adds two more possible armageddons, one in which you may choose to be a villain. It is extremely choice-based as a game. Combat is easy to learn, hard to master. Left clicking attacks, holding left click performs a power attack, right clicking blocks, and power attacking while moving results in a more powerful strike, which changes depending on the direction. Spells are powerful tools, but it can be difficult to cast them at first due to low Magicka. Each attack is governed by a different meter. Power attacks drain Stamina, spells drain Magicka, and getting hit will (of course) drain your hit points. The Perk system is a unique class approach that allows you to govern how you play. Want to wield heavy weapons alongside spells (my personal favorite)? Choose the right perks and you are all set. Want to sword and board, but also don't want to miss out on archery? Done. Options include Stealth, Combat, and Magic perks. The world itself is amazing. Every detail, from an underwater cavern to an aurora borealis is crafted with painstaking detail. The dungeons can start to look alike after a while (especially Nord crypts), but the world is simply compelling. Dragon battles are big enough to get their own review point here. It can be difficult to slay dragons at first, but you eventually will get the Dragonrend shout, which forces the beasts to land. Moddability is amazing for this game. I run it heavily modded (mostly it adds spells or new swords) and it is amazing. Highly suggest grabbing mods for this game when it suits you. In conclusion, great game. I'd recommend this to anyone who enjoys a Role-Playing Game.
game-hours: 82.1
review: Its all starts on an xbox... 3 months later the ps3 gets involved... 9 months later, i decide to get it on ym laptop because its the greatest game ever created in the historical book of gaming ever created in the universe of gaming in the know universe... i think? Press play? i shoudnt have now all i can do is sit on my 600 pound butt eating cheetos and playing skyrim. i have beaton the main questline 9 times (yeah only 9) put about 19,000 hours into this game, eatin 9000 bags of cheetos and somehow managed to spend over 200$ on this game (how tho) once i started for my laptop i noticed you can mod so of course i gotta sit for another 50 hours (yes i am not even kidding) just downloading mods, now i wait to use them! now i cant decide weather to recommend this game or not...
game-hours: 121.2
review: This game is awesome. highly recommend this
game-hours: 46.8
review: Its a Elder Scrolls game, that's all i have to say.
game-hours: 15.3
review: hours and hours of vikingy fun, from helping some poor bugger out by doing a quest or ing up some villagers day by going apache on their asses this game has it all, ever wanted to hit a mud crab with a ? well now you can! The workshop has a vast amount of mods that make my crotch tingle at the thought of what i can aspire to do. THE POSSIBILITIES ARE ENDLESS YOU SON OF A ! NOW DOWNLOAD THIS GAME!!!!
game-hours: 152.8
review: Highly recommend this game to people who love vast landscapes and beautiful scenery. Granted this game does take a good computer to run it on the best settings, but for what it's worth this game is fantastic. The game play is solid. The story is pretty good. The main problem with it is that the AI is .
game-hours: 304.9
review: Dragonborn rescues North from some evil; downloads sexy stripper mod.
game-hours: 0.8
review: ITS 10
game-hours: 8.3
review: EPIC FANTASY REBORN The next chapter in the highly anticipated Elder Scrolls saga, Skyrim reimagines and revolutionizes the open-world fantasy epic, bringing to life a complete virtual world open for you to.
game-hours: 123.1
review: GREAT GAME!
game-hours: 87.9
review: Elder scrolls V Skyrim is a majestic experience. You begin as an ambiguous anonymous bystander, and from those humbled beginnings you begin the journey to become the greatest warrior to ever exist in Skyrim. The game is riddled with various ways to go about it. There is always a different path that one can take, but it doesn't end at the path. You can go off the path go to any direction, in any area and become involved. One could talk to any of the NPC's and still feel genuinely immersed in a beautiful overwhelming world. From archer to thief to light armor, heavy armor, to double handed weapons & single-handed weapons, from restorative magic to distractive magic, the game was always on point always engrossing, because of the amount of detail that I could personally choose to incorporate into my player. It gave me such a strong sense of intimacy and identification that I feel compelled even more really compelled to help what is basically NPC's code but not even real people. The story is deep, convoluted, and realistic in the sense the world has intrigue. The gray in the reality of the moral landscape, who is actually on the right is actually on the wrong. Our relativity to the scenarios is key for this game because that is another aspect that gets you to get into even more immersive for choosing what is right what is what is wrong. I wish that more games where there is such a depth to their world. I understand it would be practically difficult but there is just something that is missing in many of the new games that this game still has and I am sure will not lose for quite a long time. So without a doubt this game is definitely a number one purchase, needed for every game, needed for anyone who wanted to experience something with such beauty.
game-hours: 605.1
review: Skyrim has the breadth of an ocean and the depth of a puddle. You can walk for a very long time and see new countryside, new towns, etc, but there isn't a whole lot to do in t he game, are not any really interesting NPCs, and the combat is simple and repetitive.
game-hours: 252.4
review: A game where you absorb Dragon souls, but the plot twist is that the game absorbs your soul!
game-hours: 23.7
review: This game will make you  your pants. 69/10
game-hours: 4.4
review: i kinda love this game because it has many type of quests and equipment which i like it!! =3 heard this game from one of my special friend and she gave me a lot of details about this game. the graphic is good too =3 too bad it's not a multiplayer game, atleast it has cool dragon and helper on that game Thanks to my special love friend, i love this game now <3
game-hours: 1.4
review: i forgot i had this game lol
game-hours: 1080.7
review: Now that the modding community has matured with this game...a careful selection of mods brings this game into the A+ category for me. THANK YOU MODDERS!!
game-hours: 271.1
review: So after just logging my 255th hour into the game I can easily say, without a doubt, Skyrim is my favorite game of all time. The story, the gameplay, and the lore are fantastic and are constantly pulling you into the world of Nurn. I have 255 hours in a single player game, which isn't a big deal, but it is for a casual player such as myself. If you like hardcore role playing games, this might not be your cup of tea. Not because it's bad, but because I often hear it's a little too easy for you guys. If you're at all like me, or you've played any other games in The Elder Scrolls series, go ahead and pick this up.
game-hours: 2.8
review: Great game, tons of freedom! :D
game-hours: 129.7
review: yes
game-hours: 6.7
review: It's like Far Cry 3 with swords
game-hours: 411.1
review: Amazing story with great combat and open world: the only drawback is no multiplayer and co-op.
game-hours: 45.2
review: Awesome game, especially with mods. Even without mods it's fantastic!
game-hours: 56.9
review: Please help. It keeps sucking be back in.
game-hours: 168.6
review: Playing Skyrim is like masturbating: first it's good, but later you regret it. Then you do it again.
game-hours: 180.5
review: pass the mutton, hoss
game-hours: 214.6
review: Modded the game so much that I made a character with incredibly huge breasts and sexy looking that would do prostitution around Skryim. Thanks Japanese modders!
game-hours: 214.8
review: Excellent game. Hopefully waiting for the new release: "The Elder Scrolls VI: Tamriel", or something like this, with some LAN Multiplayer features (why to have just a NPC Follower, when you can have your real friends and companions playing alongside you?)
game-hours: 160.5
review: 10/10
game-hours: 6.6
review: Amazing. Try it out!
game-hours: 145.4
review: Immersive
game-hours: 97.0
review: This game is fantastic when modded. Mods make a difference.
game-hours: 2.8
review: Well this sucks. I bought Skyrim last Thanksgiving on my PC and for my birthday I got a Mac and now I cant play my favorite game since XD Gale of Darkness -_-
game-hours: 53.2
review: This game is one of my highly favorite games. You take place in a beautiful fantasy land, And you are the Dragonborn. You can do SO many things, i mean TONS. This game has Sword fighting , Battles , Magic , Thievs and the best part ; Dragons!. 'Nuff said. 11/10 RPG Factor : 9/10 Graphics: 9/10 Story Line ( Of the Dragonborn) 8/10 Combat System : 9.5/10 ( Best I've played ) Pros: A very polished ,well done game. The Open world Factor is fantastic. Insane amount of things to do. I see people with reviews that have like 700 hours on the game. Almost Never gets boring ( As long as you do missons most of the time) Cons: A fair amount of glitches here and there. There is a good amount of "Oh I'll stop playing in a bit Or I Stop when i finsh this mission, And you continue to play for a good amount of time, While most people and Myself Like that in a game, It can become slighty Addictive. This is a weird one but. The fact that there is so many things to do means you might not ever "feel" like you can finsh this game. Buy Factor : If you can get the legendary Editon while on sale Go for it right A way . Or If you feel like this game is enough for you, Go for the game for full price, ( Which i think is now $19.99) This game has it all so if you think that you might like, There is a good chance you will Really like it!
game-hours: 104.6
review: Bisher das beste The Elder Scrolls
game-hours: 41.9
review: Amazing RPG. It has an almost infinite amount of side quests, many abilities, and lots of loot. Mods just add on to all of these!
game-hours: 163.5
review: FUS. RO. DAAAAAAAAAAAAH.
game-hours: 302.6
review: Best RPG since Morrowind
game-hours: 66.1
review: Perfect game.
game-hours: 1057.9
review: A gaming experience that offers a variety of enjoyable playthroughs and a character development system (perks, guardian stones, etc.) that lets you play without as much of a hinderance on playstyle as many other games would seem to enforce, while keeping the door cracked open for interchangeable playstyles without being overly forced to make a new character to play as you want.
game-hours: 172.8
review: I loved it now im hopeing for watchdogs if someone would be nice and give it to me your money according to you woulnt be wasted O_o but yes i love rateing out of 10 i 1000 =3
game-hours: 87.8
review: The Elder Scrolls Skyrim is a strong single-player only classic RPG. It features a skill-based system and an open world. This game has tons of content and a decent story. Some of the side quest writing is exceptional. The game also features dragons that fly around and can attack you at any time. These dragons don't really provide a challenege (especially towards the end game) but add to the world immersion. Overall the game suffers from being way too easy. Any experienced RPG player will fly through this game with little effort. It's still worth a play through and still tons of fun but I'd go somewhere else for a challenege. Never played the DLC. Genre Lovers: Must Buy (doesn't get anymore RPG than this) Non-Genre Lovers: Worth a try (tons of value and pretty easy) Time to Beat: ~80 hours (I did every side quest in the vanilla game)
game-hours: 75.2
review: One of the best games i've played , lots of treasures to find , houses to buy , artifacts to get , you can do what you want , find mods that you would like to use to make the game even better and the gameplay and graphics is awesome!!!!.the only thing about the game that's not so cool is bugs , the worst thing that can happen too you is if you get a bug , hard to fix , should try and do it with the console i did it already and it worked thanks guys catch ya later
game-hours: 75.8
review: great game
game-hours: 34.7
review: This game has sucked in more hours of my life than I care to mention. (Mostly on the xbox though) It's well worth the time and money. Great game.
game-hours: 30.9
review: best game ever 11/10
game-hours: 72.3
review: My Favorite Game of All Time.
game-hours: 13.5
review: 2nd favourite RPG of all time. The content of Skyrim is mind blowing, I'm amazed how Bethesda did what they did with this game. I also make the game much better and immersive withmods such as Frostfall, Realistic Needs and Diseases, SkyUI and many many others that I highly recommend.
game-hours: 487.4
review: You may only call yourself a gamer if you have this game. <- Notice the period. PERIOD.
game-hours: 267.4
review: I'm getting to paid to say that this is good!
game-hours: 36.4
review: fun
game-hours: 27.2
review: Great game, played alot on console and thought it was good, but pc, oh sweet jesus, way better. I love all of the mods and assesibility. 10/10
game-hours: 30.2
review: This game without a doubt is going down in history as one of the best games. I played an Excess of maybe 2-3 thousand hours on my old PS3. Only recently did I get the PC version, and all I can say is that the mods, the modding community, and the sheer measure of how much you can add onto this game with them? Makes the game a thousand times better, and It makes me sad that I can't install every single one and play with them forever. This game is surely worth getting, if you can only buy the base and none of the DLC? Worry not! Mods can add in entire story lines with new armors, weapons, dialogue, locations and many many more! All in all, I wil always love this game, and always recommend it to anyone. No matter how old this old but favorite game gets.
game-hours: 207.1
review: got to love the mods
game-hours: 34.7
review: this game is cool were you have the free world to explore with no end only problem is finding the end
game-hours: 243.7
review: This is one hell of a game, especially with the latest patches, workshop and creation kit, it is worth the money to buy this game.
game-hours: 33.3
review: best fantasy ive ever played
game-hours: 40.0
review: Skyrim is a game of great fun, its really a good game that can last you hours and hours but it falls prey to what many rpgs and mmos fall snare to and that is it just has to much for some people and just spread so far out that it can become tedious, That problem i suffer to from this game but from what time i did play of it i enjoyed. I can really recomend this game to my freinds that are into the Elder Scrolls Series and games similar but ins really something worth mentioning to someone that arent really bortherd about that type of game, there is no wow factor in this game after you have seen the fisrt couple of hours of the game. What really has lead this game to survive on the PC markey however is the modding community, which has really just kept this game going and alive which withought the community it wouldnt alive today. i think this game definetly deserves a 7/10 but i Gurantee you that you can find a modd to make youre experience even better and gretaer than the vinilla version of the game.
game-hours: 52.5
review: JUST AWESOME
game-hours: 210.9
review: , !
game-hours: 128.5
review: An overall enjoyable game with a large world that keeps you busy. If you want to beat the game in a few sittings, this isn't the one for you. With the addition of various mods, it's even more customizable. Yes, you can be a babely elf with menacing armor. Yes, you can be a sly Khajit with a wicked sneak level. This game is exactly what you put in to it.
game-hours: 155.6
review: A very adventurous and free choice game. -craftlikescake 2014
game-hours: 72.4
review: is good with mod mainly but vaniller game is alroght also
game-hours: 151.8
review: what is a social life?
game-hours: 34.3
review: The game is Just Beautiful...
game-hours: 214.9
review: I alredy own this on the 360 so dont be fooled by how much time I have played on steam. This game will eat up every bit of free time you have with its story telling, and the large amount of quests available. Add in steam workshop support for easy access to more mods and addons than you can shake a stick at, this game will keep you busy for a long time to come.
game-hours: 68.4
review: Wasted life on this game and i would do it again
game-hours: 238.1
review: There are so many mods for this game that extend the life of it a ton more than on the consoles, even though I have played on both a large amount. Not to mention the game itself, without the mods, is great. I have put what steam says around 140 hours on pc online, I have put some more offline on the pc and have put well over 200 hours on the ps3. My experience with this game is extensive and I want it to continue. Bethesda is a great studio, and you can tell that they have put time and soul into this piece of work. There is so many handplaced stories, objects, easter eggs, allusions and just uniqueness that you can't find in any other game maybe other than the other elder scrolls titles. For those who have played The Elder Scrolls 3 and 4 this game is still different and worth playing just because of the new lore, stories, characters, gameplay mechanics, skills, lands, and opportunities that you can have and interact with in this game. It provides a different experience that I would consider unique from any other fantasy rpg that I have played. But I truly do not think that you can consider this game without considering its full potential that it gains in modding that the community right here on steam and other sites like the skyrim nexus provides. Especially with the ease of which steam allows you to access mods. You can alter gameplay that you have already experienced to make it different, or you can leave every single piece of skyrim that is already there alone and just add on to it. You can do realism mods that it make it feel even more immersive than it is currently, you can do goofy mods to mess around with when you feel like it, you can do hardcore mods to make it more difficult than it allows normally, and you can do mods that essentially make you allmighty; there are so many mods that I have not even seen and I have over 100 mods currently enhancing my skyrim experience from steam and the skyrim nexus. It is all there and it prolongs a game that will give you over 100 hours of gameplay to probably double that amount. Without the mods alone the quests there already are created well, written well and large in number; with all the hours I have on this game, not yet have I completed all of the quests without a doubt on any of the characters that I have rolled. If you are a graphics snob and only want the best, the game alone has very good graphics especially when you download the free hd graphics update, but if you feel that it is still not enough, which I can at times, the skyrim nexus provides mods that make the game more than my alienware computer can handle, and many more that it can handle that still make the game beautiful, colorful, and full of contrast and bloom, so if you are worried about that, you need not be. I have heard people say that they have not liked this game, first of all I think they are crazy, but that just goes to show that there can be a difference in opinion and that to truly know whether you would like it or not is to try it for yourself, actually put a little bit of time into it, and take advantage of the mods especially if you notice it on sale. I have seen this game on sale for a comparably cheap price thanks to steam's generosity. The DLC that can come with the complete edition or seperately are worth the price as well, again especially if they are on sale. They add new lands, mechanics, skill trees, player housing, quest lines, modding capabilities, and in-game items. If you feel that the modding community that is huge for skryim does not do the type of mods you want or does not do them the way you want, there is the free creation kit that bethesda provides right here on steam; this allows you to create those mods that you can download on your own for you, your friends, at someones request, just because you feel like it, or to see if you can do it. After playing this game for so long, the only complaint I have about this game is that it is rather big in storage space requirement when you have as many mods as I do(a lot) with the base game and my limited amount of space, however despite that complaint it is still worth keeping on this computer always just because of how amazing and nostaligic I feel when I play it. And I am not saying that I don't need to take breaks from it, I do and I have, but I know I can always go back to this game and enjoy myself even if I only play it for 20 minutes at a time and get only a small portion of a quest done.
game-hours: 277.2
review: FUS RO DAH!!!
game-hours: 53.2
review: Absolutely awesome Game! The current price (13,59 for the legendary edition) is nothing compared to the adventures u are going to see. Endless mods will cause hundreds of gameplay hours full of joy, fascinatiion, beauty and epicness. I reallly recommend this game to all of you! If u like RPG`s ull love this version :)
game-hours: 36.1
review: Very good 9.5/10
game-hours: 279.0
review: Fab
game-hours: 252.7
review: 145 hours played, not much else needs said! But I'll say it anyway; Skyrim for all its bugs and faults, is a fantastic game. You can ride around for hours exploring the world, become the leader of a guild, become friends with the neighboring lords, own land, steal the robes off a beggar woman's back or become a sniper with a bow. Its wide array of mods gives the game quite a bit of customizability and expanded play. 4.5/5
game-hours: 528.3
review: This game is old but still maneges to grab my attention and its come down to the community content that makes this game all the more interesting its definetly worth the money if ya like roleplaying games then this is the one for you
game-hours: 298.8
review: It's cool
game-hours: 155.5
review: game is amazing
game-hours: 562.9
review: awesome
game-hours: 818.4
review: You can depend on Bethesda to change things up with each Elder Scrolls game, for better of worse according to differing opinions. There's alot of new elements and stories to be told in Skyrim, not to mention the atmosphere and sheer scale of the effects of combat, dialogue and pure exploration. There's a wonderful journey to be had in such a small space - 9/10
game-hours: 74.0
review: The game gets better with mods!
game-hours: 308.5
review: Still one of the best games I have played.
game-hours: 145.7
review: best game ever
game-hours: 125.4
review: If you havn't played skyrim you've missed out
game-hours: 285.0
review: BEST GAME EVER.
game-hours: 76.1
review: Super fun game. If you're into open world RPG's where you get to decide who lives and who dies than then is the game for you!
game-hours: 440.2
review: awesome
game-hours: 203.4
review: A little bit of something for everyone, and there's a lot of somethings to go around. You could spend most of your time just doing side quests and exploring the rather large land that is Skyrim. Or you could blow right through the main storyline. What's that you say? You've spent countless hours in the wilderness and defeated any and all who crossed you? Never fear, brave adventurer - the community has provided PLENTY of mods to keep you going. Everything from new weapons and armor to new questlines, to difficulty tweaks making the game as easy or as challenging as you want. There's a little something here for everyone. Now if only they'd add co-op...
game-hours: 94.4
review: IF I SQUINT HARD ENOUGH IT LOOKS A BIT LIKE FALLOUT 4
game-hours: 189.9
review: 8.5/10 Amazing game with beautiful graphics and a pretty good storyline. The side quests can get repetitive and the mounted combat is terrible, but other than that it's a solid game.
game-hours: 43.7
review: MOD the  out of this game and you will love it
game-hours: 753.8
review: This is my favourite game of all time. I have so many great memories of this game, questing, roleplaying, killing, it was such a great experience. I love the landscape in this game also, there is so much variety it should make everyone happy. Environments such as the harsh cold mountains of the north, the beautiful forests and flora of Whiterun and Falkreath, the amber trees and golden grass of Riften. And the rocky, Dwemer feel to Markarth. Playing through the vanilla game was one of my favorite and greatest experience ever. And then I started modding. WOW. The modding support for this game is both ridiculous and amazing at the same time. There are mods out there for absolutely everyone. Whether your a hardcore survivalist ( Frostfall, RNAD), or roleplaying a hunter (Hunterborn, A hunting guild) or maybe your a fearless brute, a mercenary, this game is perfect. If you are not a fan of the 2011 graphics, do not worry there are several enb's out there which vastly improve the look of this game. My favorites are: Realvision enb, Seasons of skyrim enb and project enb. All look absolutely stunning. Honestly, I could write a thousand word essay on why you should buy this game or why it's my favourite game of all time. To anyone wanting one of the best gaming experiences out there, I recommend this game. It's perfect.
game-hours: 206.2
review: Skyrim, that game is about distraction. What? You tell me there is a main quest line? Hm hm, we'll see. But first things first. After the beginning you start your journey to whiterun, where your task is to warn the ruler about coming dragon attacks. Well, good luck. Distraction, saying it once again. On your way to Whiterun, you're invited to join the Companions, which is one of the factions you can join. Yep, you played Skyrim for 5 minutes and already have sidequests. Thats what I'm talking about. Would you rather rush to the Jarl and warn him about Dragons, or do you follow the invitation of Aela the huntress (who btw is a tough girl with bows n stuff, jsut sayin, not to mention side boobs) to join the companions? It's simple, distraction. But thats not a bad thing. Playing the game for the first time, you'll be amazed and confused about the many options of tasks people will give you in this game. Definitely one of the best aspects of Skyrim is the diversity and the freedom to choose what to do. Go hunting? Raid ancient graves and ruins? Slay dragons? Craft awesome gear? Be a thief or an assassin? Why not both? Be a hammer swingin', heavy armored berserker orc or rather a sneaky bow / hit'n'run assassin? Mage? Shield bash everything into the ground? It's up to you! Or, do what most of the players experience once they are done with almost every quest, every tomb, all the factions. One word: MODS!!! There are tons of em, and boy! so many amazing ones! For free. It's that simple. There's just one thing left to say. Never! Ever! lay your hand on a chicken. They are even worse than dragons. Believe me. What? You don't? Well, go buy this game and find out yourself!
game-hours: 52.0
review: Do your really need to read a review, Its Elder Scrolls for Akatosh sake. This is the best game ever, until the next elderscrolls(not mmo) is made.
game-hours: 41.4
review: Beautiful and amazing game. Completed it pretty quick and had a ton of fun playing it. Really recomened playing it :)
game-hours: 19.7
review: I used to be noobie like you.. but then the TESV:skyrim got in to me.
game-hours: 1045.5
review: One of the most beautiful worlds to explore in a RPG.
game-hours: 84.6
review: I highly reccommend this game. Altough I can honestly say that I spend twice the time modding the game than I do playing it.
game-hours: 137.0
review: With the exception of the other Elder Scrolls games, and a few games from Bioware, I feel that Skyrim is the definitive singleplayer RPG experience gaming has to offer this far. What is most remarkable about Skyrim and other Elder Scrolls games, is that it is completely unliniar. You never have to complete the "main quest" and will most likely never finish all the "side" content either. You are free to do as you wish, and Bethesda has created an enjoyable and believable world for you do enjoy yourself in, completely.
game-hours: 138.8
review: 10/10 I would write a comment, but sadly I took a arrow to the knee.
game-hours: 4.3
review: One of the BEST! games i have ever played on pc i love that you can mod it as well
game-hours: 194.0
review: TES: Skyrim Is a game that I have been playing avidly since its original release back in 2011, since such time I haven't put the game down. the release of the DLC and the community making mods only makes the game more and more engaging as time moves ever forward. would recommend/10
game-hours: 3.5
review: you kill a spider to save a person that you kill 30 seconds later 10/10
game-hours: 168.9
review: This is a very good game. I used to play this everyday, then I took an arrow in the knee.
game-hours: 100.8
review: It's decent.
game-hours: 22.1
review: ing awesome game i recommend everyone to get this game and the Spring sale is on which makes Skyrim $8 get it quick
game-hours: 40.4
review: This has on average like 20,000 people playing and has one too many awards to count. Why the f*ck are you even reading this bro?
game-hours: 122.8
review: One of my favorite games to date. You can literally play this game for months and not complete everything. You make make the game completely unique to how you want to play. Got a little easy as you became more advanced and crafted higher items, making the fights a little less challenging. However the stories were always interesting and just the fact that I could make the game my own kept me coming. So many little secret areas and things to find. TONS of side quests. Amazing graphics. Completely recommend.
game-hours: 46.3
review: skyrim
game-hours: 328.0
review: best game ever made so far frome bethesda.
game-hours: 229.4
review: Um.... buy this...
game-hours: 220.4
review: Actions speak louder than words they say - well, at least that's what delved into the minds of bethesda's designers when skyrim was conceived. Skyrim shamelessly takes the cinematic goodies from theaters and crushes it into a mix with highly interactive gameplay and, like every good mix of elements, explodes brilliantly but leaves something valuable behind. Climb a mountain, kill a dragon, steal a sweetroll, raise zombies, everything splashes and rumbles like a great parade. Boredom is blasphemy in Skyrim. A cent for each fun popcorn greased, action filled cinematic moment would cumulate into enough wealth for buying out Microsoft just for the sake of comparison. Skyrim finally moved into her own and makes no apologies about it. Let's face it, TES is no longer in the D&D generation. Skyrim set out to the original TES ambition of a free roaming action RPG but made no compromises with her older siblings. You set out to do something and the world doesn't hold you back, right? Well, that idea doesn't only apply to the gameplay but the evolution of TES-series in general. It had it coming for sure but the foundation was already laid back in the days. So what is wrong with Skyrim? Well this question cries out a bit of precision: There is a more-or-less fine line between failure and the burden of choice. You can't pull a lever to both sides at once; you set out to erase the D&D scheme - you strip off the attributes. Well, tough. A failure, however, means not exceeding the set goal. So, for the most part, the criticism I've seen about Skyrim incline towards the former because Skyrim was great about the things it set out to accomplish and, to be fair, it set out to do a lot. Where Morrowind succeeded as a good book, Skyrim succeeded as a good movie. Movies made out of vast worlds tend to be spread thin in raw content but the experience is ever more vibrant and lively than the written counterpart. Despite that, Skyrim doesn't leave you cold in the sheer amount of awesome things to explore and experience, it's stuffed! As books are not as big part of the zeitgeist anymore, the issue people take in Skyrim is usually more about the taste of the average player rather than the match of vision and craft of the developers. It's evident that whatever category Skyrim assumed for itself, it gave one hell of a shock, not only, to the rivals in its respective field, but the ones outside of its assumed borders. Coincidently, Skyrim may have dealt the critical strike to the dragon phenomenon in videogame industry for a temporary demise. But for the time being: Get ready for the copycats.
game-hours: 324.1
review: Play this game mmmmmkay
game-hours: 66.5
review: PURE.AWESOMENESS.
game-hours: 38.0
review: If you have never heard of this game, I hate to say you live under a rock. This game may sound a bit cheesy if its your very first time, but this is the farest from it. This game has the most detail of any game I have ever player. If you have played any open world game you will notice they have detail. This game redifines detail. There are thousands of hours worth of gameplay. So basically you will never ever beat this game. There is also LOADS of customization to choose from. Instead of being just human you can be loads of different other races aswell. not only that but you can choose how high your nose is, how forward your mouth is, and how big your eyes are. 100/10 The requirements are little for your pc so that is good. I have a $350 laptop and it runs extreamly smooth, although you may need to change the detail setting in the first menu you get to. But thats only if you have a bad/cheap computer. But if you do have a good/GREAT computer your in for a real treat. The graphics are amazing especially with the graphics dlc THAT YOU GET FOR FREE. On top of all this YOU GET MODS! So in a nutshell this is your dream game. As for why its rated M (if your a younger kid like me) there is only PG rated language, No innapropreate things, but if your a girl naked it will show you in a bikini and guy naked show like tarzan underwear. The only thing it is really rated M for as far as I know of is the VIOLENCE and BLOOD. What do I have to say about this. There is a lot of it. although there is a way to counter it. Just use magic and you should be good. And about being naked as a man/woman I found a mod that can make you have clothes on under it for the little ones. Thats basically it. I hope this helped. :)
game-hours: 113.9
review: Most of the way through my first playthrough and I love it. Already looking at some of the fantastic mods available to customize my second playthrough, which will probably start straight after the first.
game-hours: 235.4
review: Why didn't I buy this game earlier?
game-hours: 81.2
review: One of the most fun RPG's I've played ever, make sure you have alot of time on your hands since you probably will play this for several hours in a row.
game-hours: 599.5
review: Love this game wiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii. :)
game-hours: 292.7
review: Simple: Buy it.
game-hours: 167.3
review: Fun game, realy addictive and good story line. It's a MUST BUY!!!!!!
game-hours: 286.2
review: This game is beast. It is so beast that other beastly games bow their heads in shame of not being this beastly. It is so beastly, that there are no such words able to describe its amazing awesomeness of glory. This game is open world, and its tecnically endless!
game-hours: 88.3
review: It took me two years and much convincing to buy Skyrim. To give context, let me explain why I was so wary. At the insistence of both friends and online review, I picked up a copy of oblivion years ago. I played it for slightly over an hour and was completely uninterested. I've never been able to enjoy an MMOrpg, and lost my taste for FPS games about ten years ago. Basically, all my experience told me that Skyrim was going to be another huge and boring game that got a lot of acclaim but let me desiring something to get attached to. Luckily for me, it did just that. Skyrim's draw for me lay in it's polish, and the depth and extent of it's vision. I've spent 20 minutes looking at the aurora Boryalis. I spend time actually listening to the dialog instead of button mashing to get the quest, and I'm constantly blown away with where the story, and the environment of the game take me. It's gameplay is solid, yet there isn't some interesting feature that marks it as special, besides maybe the vastness of it. The three varying paths of mage, rogue and warrior offer a plethora of fighting styles and tricks that have kept me engaged while I further along the plot arcs. It's satisfying to sneak through a dungeon never being seen, only to place arrows in the backs of every foe's head. Similarly, rounding up all the baddies to be dispatched by a bombardment of fireballs is satisfying in a totally different way. But the entire time I'm doing that, I know it will get me one step closer to finding that scroll, learning that new word of power, or getting that huge chest of loot at the end of the tunnel. Skyrim is a beautiful game that has taken the beauty of storytelling and let you immerse yourself as an adventurer in a fantasical, beautiful, and fully realized world. If you are looking to get lost in a story, or tame a dragon, I think you've found the right game to do it.
game-hours: 22.4
review: Very game. Much enjoy. Wow.
game-hours: 225.8
review: Buy this and kiss goodbye to the next month of your life.
game-hours: 123.4
review: The most amazing game ive ever played. With many interesting quests and even random events that lead to quests that lead to another its ENDLESS FUN. With many places to be discovered with many enemies along the way to kill. Also the DLC's are very cool adding even more quests and just stuff!
game-hours: 123.1
review: Excellent RPG. Enormous game world. Too much to see and do! Must...return...to...quests... The game world is so detailed and expansive. You can spend hours just wandering around exploring the random landscape and encounters before you even set foot on the main quest. Loving the game so far. Can't wait for the DLC or expansions. If you liked Oblivion or Morrowind, you will love Skyrim. It takes the best of the previous two games and melds them into a wonderful new gaming experience. Two thumbs up.
game-hours: 284.6
review: Absolutely awesome!
game-hours: 134.9
review: This is one of my favorite games i love it and the DLC's is good too! BUY IT! ITS AN AWESOME GAME!
game-hours: 1.3
review: FUS RO ribbit
game-hours: 403.5
review: This is one of my favorite games, but sometimes it can get boaring. Its the same questlines over and over again.
game-hours: 52.9
review: I love this game, can't stop playing
game-hours: 523.2
review: An epic RPG, with a good story. The choice to play as thieves and assassins is always a great character option that keeps that tired hero theme in check. I found the dragons got boring after a while, but the massive world to explore, and good story twists make this a great game.
game-hours: 63.3
review: This game is pretty much amazing and is the king of RPGs. Additional use of the workshop can improve graphics and game play further to your liking which just makes it even better (highly recommend using the workshop from the get-go). WARNING: This game is BIG and as a result it takes a while to get into it. I find a lot of people do not enjoy the first 1-2 hours of game play. That may seem like a lot, but this game easily consumes over 100 hours and so the beginning is relatively small. Additionally, this game is focused on the RPG and Story aspects and less so on the combat. The combat is good but its nothing fancy.
game-hours: 147.0
review: What a great game! Up until this point, I've always been somewhat daunted by the sheer openness of the Elder Scrolls games but Skyrim always gives me something to shoot for. Combat is fun and the progression system allows you to chose whatever path you want! While the dragons can be tiresome at times, they still make me say, "Oh crap, a dragon!" In summation, this game's not perfect but it comes pretty close with the aid of the Steam Workshop.
game-hours: 241.5
review: Hugely fun and it's definately easy to waste more time then you originally intended. Can get rather repetitive after a few playthroughs but hey... that's what mods are for, right? But seriously, this game does have a few flaws however thanks to the modding community most of them aren't a problem, for me at least. Even if you aren't a fan of modding games Skyrim will still give you 20 bucks in entertainment and a whole lot more.
game-hours: 82.2
review: Look, you have to realize, I hate these kind of games where you level up and you have to kill dragons, vampires, and all the like. Before this game, I always hated to play anything like Skyrim. This game is absolutely the best game I've ever played on my PC. It's inviting with the threat of a dragon at the very beginning of the game (along with the sale price- five bucks! What a steal!) and it's gameplay by killing other monsters and other people keeps me going for hours straight. I've only played this game since yesterday and I fell in love with it the very first moment I pressed the play button I guess what really makes it cool is two things: 1.) Steam Workshop Capability: You can download new weapons, quests, and the like from the Steam Workshop if the gameplay gets stale (which I doubt ever will) but nonetheless, the combination of neverending adventure and creativity from the users of Skyrim really help to push this game forward in terms of player preference and gameplay. 2.) You can be who you want. Want to kill thieves and get gold for it? Go ahead! Want to kill innocent people and get gold, food, and weapons for it? That's what I do! There's so much stuff to do! You can be anyone you want to be, and nobody will stop you- well, except for the NPC's, of course. GAMEPLAY: 10/10 REPLAY VALUE: 10/10 GRAPHICS: 8/10 (my computer can't handle them too well) Yes, I would totally recommend this to anyone who wants something new from the tradtional first person shooter. Just beware- you'll lose your social life, friend.
game-hours: 256.1
review: This game is near-perfect. There are only three issues I have with it: 1) There is the occasional bug; unofficial patch mods fix most of these. 2) After a few hundred hours, you might get bored. Again, mods can remedy this. 3) It's single-player only. It probably wouldn't work well as a MMO, but if they made a Skyrim with a small multiplayer party system, it would probably be the best game of all time. If ES:O was this game with private parties, I'd buy it in a heart beat and pay whatever amount they'd charge me per month. Alas, for now I am satisfied with being immersed in my own little Tamriel.
game-hours: 86.7
review: The vanilla version of this game gets a 6/10 (was disappointed at release) But with mods.. 8/10 (fixes all the disappointments from release and makes it better) Just look around on the skyrim nexus website... you'll know what i mean :P
game-hours: 193.8
review: FUS ROH DAH all of the chickens. Put buckets on heads. Linear caves. Sell dragon bones. Download mods. break Quests. Uninstall mods. Break more quests. Visit limbo. Undo hours of progress. Spawn NPCS. Visit space.
game-hours: 46.0
review: If you are an avid Elder Scrolls fan this probably won't be your favorite, as most of us prefer Morrowind master race. This game how ever is rather enjoyable and many a nights can be lost in this beautiful game.
game-hours: 376.3
review: Man these mods... I fought a flying firebreathing train while riding a unicorn... 10/5
game-hours: 341.2
review: Do you get to the cloud district often? Oh what am i saying of course you dont.
game-hours: 590.0
review: This game is the best game ever made by the human race. YOU CAN KILL MOTHERING DRAGONS.... DRAGONS!!! 500h. Still find new quests. 10/10
game-hours: 90.3
review: Nice game.
game-hours: 621.4
review: this game made me who i am to day...... the DOVAHKIIN
game-hours: 74.3
review: Sick game Would bang Aela the Huntress doe
game-hours: 24.1
review: Awesome game! One of the best I've ever played. Even if you stop playing it for a couple months ( like me) it draws you back in the minute you hit play.
game-hours: 3.9
review: Load up Skyrim Get first Quest to go to Whiterun Accidently Hit Stablehand Get Arrested Break Out Steal Horse from stablehand Run into two wolves Accidently hit horse trying to fight wolves Bounty Hunter shows up On the run from Whiterun Guards, some wolves, bounty hunter and a horse. 10/10 Would play again.
game-hours: 114.9
review: Worth every cent!!
game-hours: 277.9
review: 10/10 > Killed a Dragon with my bare fists while Naked
game-hours: 19.4
review: This is quite simply a fantastic game. Bit late to the party to say that though, but that changes nothing.
game-hours: 103.5
review: So good
game-hours: 104.2
review: One of my all time favorite games. Can be 10 years from now, and I'll still get on to mess around and kill dragons. The DLC's they added are also enjoyable and made it where there was more to do. Great game overall.
game-hours: 16.3
review: Great game, endless fun with mods, what more could you want?
game-hours: 60.3
review: Skyrim is a excellent game, if it was me it be awarded for the most mod friendly game yet to be released. RPG, free-roam, customization and good by default as well. It has a giant mod community with dedicated modders and endless content, you can make content aswell. When the game can get updated it will get pretty much timeless it's what I call one of the important aspects of a game that will stay and be remembered. Eventually it will become a classic.
game-hours: 49.4
review: I waited about a year for this to come out on console, and i have to say that im not dissapointed. I first bought the game on console wich there is no community workshop to download from. But even with no community created items the game is amazing, buityful, even better than i imagined. 9.8 out of 10
game-hours: 4.5
review: Gonna play it to believe it. Awesome stuff.
game-hours: 106.6
review: this is a good game coz got lots of stuff aaaaand all da dwangons aaaaand the fire aaaaand da cats aaaand the fire aaaaand da cool things when you kill dwangons aaaand the fire monstaas and there lots of fire :) fire out of fire :D
game-hours: 17.4
review: It's Skyrim. There's nothing I could say here that would even come close to painting an image of how much I love this game.
game-hours: 134.4
review: 100+ hours and as far as the main story i still have no idea what happens at the end there is just sooooo much other stuff to do that is awesome.
game-hours: 110.9
review: is rly good. u shuld ply.
game-hours: 54.0
review: Great game! 10/10
game-hours: 54.0
review: Time spent in skyrim 80% In a stupidly long dungeon 10%walking 5% getting some random  for a side quest which is rendered useless 4%Doing some kind of exploit 1%dieing
game-hours: 125.8
review: Yeah, you need to play this. Dragons, Magic, Giants, Spiders and a giant skill tree for every taste. You need to play this.
game-hours: 4.6
review: Best game ever created by Bethesda. Along with the multitude of mods you can get from the wonderful Steam community, this game has a very long playability to it.
game-hours: 208.9
review: 200 Hours of my life gone.....
game-hours: 143.4
review: Eins der besten games ever!
game-hours: 141.9
review: i love it 10/10 would install again because all my mods went corrupt XD love all the nude mods to.
game-hours: 41.1
review: Skyrim, where do I start? Great game, great mod support its fabulous! I can ultra the game on my r9 270 no sweat without mods and gameplay is great! A game to recommend to almost anyone who wants to have a good SinglePlayer experience! Could go on but it would be too long (and im too lazy hah) 10/10
game-hours: 182.1
review: I cant run it on my potato 11/10
game-hours: 35.9
review: played this game, for a bit now. i love it, i stopped playing months ago but soon i got back into it, i forced myself to like it and i actually liked it soo much i think i might but this as my favourite game ever. 11-10
game-hours: 226.6
review: You're not a gamer until you've played Skyrim! 10/10
game-hours: 23.4
review: Easily the greatest game I have played in my life so far. Stunning graphics (especially with mods), great gameplay, great leveling, and so much to do! This is the only game I have managed to put over 1000 hours into and still have fun! If you haven't bought this game already then do it! Do it now! That is unless you don't want to play the greatest single player rpg ever created, then by all means ignore it.
game-hours: 85.8
review: ,        ,   ,      .
game-hours: 114.3
review: 10/10 would
game-hours: 121.6
review: Again, why am i writing a review? Who does not like skyrim?
game-hours: 126.5
review: If you have a problem with the launcher just update your drivers with GeForce Experience
game-hours: 63.5
review: Best game that i`ve ever bought , you never get bored of this game , i strongly recommend thsi game!
game-hours: 304.1
review: Best game 10/10 freedom.
game-hours: 15.4
review: Amazing game must buy for sure! Best RPG made for long time game is still running 100% new mods every day coming. Max out ur PC and enjoy the game. Game looks wonderful and gameplay is realy good u can play as you want its such a freedom.
game-hours: 112.4
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim blew my mind when I played it for the first time. The world is massive, the water is prestine, and there is life everywhere you turn. Wether it be a mushroom, a flower, or a magestic deer walking through the forest, the world feels alive and vibrant. There are so many things to do in this game it can be sometimes hard to chose what you want to try first. The crafting is fantastic - you can make your own armor, weapons, potions, or cook your own food... all using materials you collect throughout the world. Creatures, monsters, and NPCs are found in every environment, and nearly everything can be killed (except the children.. they cannot die... no matter how many times you whack them with a hammer...) You carve your own gameplay experience based on how you chose to play the game.. whether you become a blood sucking vampire and have to lurk about in the night, or if you become a werewolf prowling under the moonlight. The game constantly changes depending on the desicions you make, and that is very cool. Also, there are dragons. Who doesn't love dragons?
game-hours: 296.5
review: One of the best games out there. Could've had better fighting physics, instead of swords just slicing through people. 5/5
game-hours: 214.3
review: Best snadbox I've ever played in.
game-hours: 0.6
review: 1
game-hours: 4.7
review: great game
game-hours: 64.7
review: I can't believe have waited so long to play such an awesome game! INSTABUY! The only thing about this game before you buy it is to consider how much time it consumes! It is addicting for sure and has a seemingly endless plot and quests! Thank you Bethesda!
game-hours: 158.4
review: As a gamer who grew up playing Oblivion, Skyrim is a dream come true. The main story isn't quite as good, and the cities aren't as interesting, but the side quests and faction quests are heavily improved. Plus, the combat system has been completely redone, and is MUCH better than it was in Oblivion. The mods for Skyrim are pretty good, with several already famous ones. Bethesda really outdid themselves with this game. However, as with most of Bethesda titles, this game is fairly buggy on PC. I originally had it for Xbox, but later purchased it on PC for mods and texture improvements. The game bugs out with Steam in-game chat, and sometimes crashes. If you can look past this, the game is definitely worth it. 8/10.
game-hours: 83.6
review: ths is one of the best games i have ever played.
game-hours: 74.7
review: The game to end all games, open-world RPG, intense character customisation, endless quests, incredible armor/weapons/items, variety of enemies, DRAGONS and there is still more, basically this game is fantastic and you will not get bored ever
game-hours: 283.9
review: The best game I've ever played by far! You have the main quest that is just amazing and you have also, thousands of sidequests that really worth it! Undoubtelly the game that will remain in my memory even when I become an old and grumpy pal.
game-hours: 347.4
review: Skyrim is an amazing game with a lot of replayablility. The vast amount of styles that you can play keeps you entertained for hundreds of hours, especially with mods. Skyrim does have some bits that may annoy you from time to time but nothing groundbreaking. This game is truly a masterpiece and should be experienced by everyone.
game-hours: 79.7
review: gud
game-hours: 119.1
review: Is one of the best games ever
game-hours: 588.5
review: Skyrim is the best game so far... and im hoping that people continue making good mods XD
game-hours: 210.9
review: Great game 10/10
game-hours: 6.0
review: Chris played this game and Chris really loves it so I'm gonna follow Chris' example of Skyrim love.
game-hours: 143.0
review: Dont worry if you think you cant run it, just go get the ulg mod and the framerate limiter mod and you can basically play it on any system. Anyways the game is ING AWESOME
game-hours: 17.7
review: Awesome. Played it on 360 for over one hundred hours, playing it on PC again. of course, it looks much better on the highest settings and countless mods :D 9/10
game-hours: 11.5
review: Kill yourself 10000/10
game-hours: 71.2
review: This game is like crack. The mods are like heroin. After about 15 minutes of playing the game crashes, I overdose and die. Every time.
game-hours: 854.8
review: By far... The best -open world game- ever played !!! And enjoyed also a lot of very good Mods. BIG thanks to the dev's and the great Mod-makers ! 9,5/10 !!!
game-hours: 111.3
review: First i was hesitating to buy this game but finally I got this game on Summer sale for 5$. This was the first RPG game i ever played, earlier i use to hate this genre but this game made me change my mind. I have put 100 hours into this game and still i feel i havent even completed 25% of this game.And even if u somehow manage to end this game(which is impossible :P), there are tons of mods on steam workshop and nexus to add more missions, quests etc. The only bad thing is that i played this game on my laptop and never had a chance to play it on ultra settings and other fancy mods like enb series, Skyrim 2k textures, etc, but i finally manage to build a good pc and im ready to invest 100 more hours into this beautiful creation from Bethesda :D Actually this was more like my story rather than a review but still i shared my experience and highly recommend this game.
game-hours: 45.7
review: this is a really interesting game, i like open world action RPG game. i really do recommend this game, which is really interesting and fun to play with. there is lots of variation in mods to play that made by other player and make the game more and more interesting. try it!
game-hours: 394.6
review: *couhg* OMG BUY THIS GAME NOW! you are not bound to a class like in previus TES games and the mmo that shal not be named, the lore is ritch (obviusly), you can fight dragons, you can shout a guy of a mountain or turn him into an ice block, you can fight dragons, the combat is awesome espesaly if you play a meley character, It's satesfying to be a mage eaven if it takes a hwile you can fight dragons!, you can fight in a civil war christaning of Norway style!, you can read books, its easy to get emersed to ( I'm serius, I have'nt eaten in three days) and you can fight mother ing DRAGONS! (and you might aswell buy the DLC (if you actoaly like the game if not then you chould maybe use the monney on food and rent instead of games) *cough* oh and the modding comunity is preaty great. ( I recomend Inigo) *pukes guts out*
game-hours: 127.8
review: Facestabbed a bandit in the face and he flew 10/10
game-hours: 478.0
review: A game so huge that you may have to play more than 400 hours!!!!!
game-hours: 74.8
review: A fantastic game that will devour many hours of your life. :-)
game-hours: 2.4
review: Perfect game if you have a gaming machine.
game-hours: 52.3
review: yo homes i punched a dragon to death. 5/4 would praise the based god again
game-hours: 9.2
review: I think myself and most of the rest of the world would recommend this game... lol. But no, seriously, I took a first look at this game, and said, "Nope... never gonna' get me to play that." Then my friend told me how good it was, and let me borrow it... and then I just HAD to buy it. If you haven't played it- you will love it. I don't think it matters if you're an RPG, FPS, RTS, or whatnot, I'm pretty sure there's something for everyone in this game, the puzzles, the small stories, the quests... and it's such a HUGE map, you can play this thing a few times, and still see different things each time. Just a tip though, make sure you install at least the HD textures before you play, the graphics are a little dated. Also, if you're a hardcore graphics person, youtube Gopher and his series on how to Mod Skyrim. If you haven't played it before, I wouldn't mod the gameplay at all- but feel free to mod the graphics systems to your hearts content! ENB makes EVERYTHING look so amazing in this game- the stars and the nightsky look so realistic, as well as the shadows and the direction lighting system.
game-hours: 185.9
review: This game ROCKS!
game-hours: 22.3
review: Love the game, the worlds is among the more lifefull in terms of events. There have been times where i sit and listen to a bard playing music in front of a fire, it's that good. Bethesda have done a great job, it has such depth and excellent atmosphere. Definitely a must have if you enjoy RPG games.
game-hours: 320.6
review: Personal Rating: 9 of 10 One of the best game of the year. Great story, awesome graphics fantastic gameplay, tonnes of sub quests and execellent mod community. Given there are bugs here and there and that is my only beef with the game but most of the bugs can be resolve in the unofficial mod. If you are a fan of RPG games this is a must have!
game-hours: 174.3
review: By it self, Skyrim is an OK game. It has some sold rpg with some semi intresting storyline. In my opinion most of the elder scrolls' stories, for the most part I found rather dull or just meh. Where this game really shines is the player made mods and addons or the "steam workshop". With this many players have taken time out of they're own lives to fix / improve this game and many others for FREE. Many of the mods/addons in the steam work shop are hands down better then anything Bethesda every did in they're DLC. Not only is it better but often enough players will even FIX THE BUGS THAT BETHESDA MADE THEMSELVES. Now that to me means, there really are good gammers/modders out there that are willing to step up and make games better.
game-hours: 99.7
review: TESV:Skyrim is a modern masterpiece. A rich, complex and beautiful world is presented for you to adventure in. Complex story lines, excellent game play, character customization and a modding community that is second to none await you! easily over 300 hours of game play just off the base game and expansions. Venture into the modding side of things and you could spend much much more. Do yourself a favor and invest in this title,
game-hours: 142.0
review: I recommend this game because it has monsters and skeletons and bows and daggers and sweetrolls and apple stew and things wot fly.
game-hours: 60.0
review: Overwhelmingly Positive.
game-hours: 208.7
review: i would recommend this game to all magic,dragon,fighting,rpg,medevil loving people i hate alduin he's like a king of dragons he's so STRONG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 84.3
review: Go to Whiterun and visit Dickmaiden's.
game-hours: 61.4
review: One of the best open world RPG's i ever played.
game-hours: 773.2
review: 725 hours and counting with Skyrim, and yet what can be said, that with the variety of options available for it, there's always something to bring you back for an hour
game-hours: 32.6
review: Good game
game-hours: 60.4
review: If you play anything other than a Khajiit, you aren't playing it right, man.
game-hours: 41.5
review: Become a viking today!
game-hours: 29.1
review: MUST PLAY 13 OUT OF 10
game-hours: 457.2
review: If you're reading this and you don't own the game, you've probably been living under a rock. I've been playing Elder Scrolls since Morrowind and the games just keep getting better(I don't count that trash that goes by the name of ESO that Zenimax tries to pass off as a game). Anyways, get this game, I paid full price on the release night for 360, and then again later for PC so I could mod the game. You'll play the game and do everything you possibly can, move on to something else, and then come back and discover something new, and that's before putting in mods. At the time of writing this, I only have 426.5 hours logged, but I have spent a few hundred more hours on it before on 360. You will not regret buying this game.
game-hours: 336.6
review: Its a good game, but buy this game on retail instead of steam store if you want to save $$$
game-hours: 79.3
review: I was brutally slaying Mammoths, minding my own buisness when suddenly, out of nowhere, comes a giant. I sprinted towards the mountains hoping to get away, but I stopped at a dead-end. I was trapped. Just when I thought it couldn't get any worse, I hear a deafening roar behind me. I look up to see a winged shape and suddenly I was bathed in an ocean of fire. It was at that point that I knew this game was the most amazing purchase I have ever made on Steam. Good luck, and remember: There is no problem you can't solve by killing it.
game-hours: 80.5
review: Killing chickens and drinking mead! If you haven't played this game then you might actually have a life, because it CONSUMES your time (and maybe soul). Totally worth it though, I mean what other game allows you to do everything Skyrim does (like catching butterflies?) and punch dragons in the face! 6/5 golden stars
game-hours: 18.2
review: Well what can I say that hasn't already been said bout this game. I played this game on ps3 at launch and didn't like it on that platform. Re-bought it on pc and well....pc master race. It's a great game I just prefer to play adventure/rpg games anymore online in mmo form nowadays. Still I love to boot this up from time to time and go hunt me a dragon. I love it when they glitch out and fly upside down XD. Also best fire I've seen in any game to this date. 10/10
game-hours: 38.2
review: Good game fun, doesnt take much to run it. AND STEAM SCREWED ME BECAUSE IT WAS 75% OFF RIGHT AFTER I BOUGHT IT FOR FULL PRICE :(
game-hours: 128.3
review: Better gameplay then Oblivion but with even less of the morrowind feel and complexity. The Dwarves are back but no longer inspired by ancient Assyrians. The game is packed but there are noticable spots where things are missing. This game is greatly inporved by mods if done correctly.
game-hours: 170.3
review: The greatest game the world has ever seen! The trailer, which is one of the best trailers ever made insults the real game, it's just amazing how wonderful Bethesda created a whole new world of RPG! Thank you Bethesda, I thought after Oblivion you can't make a better game, and then you create this jewel! 99999/10
game-hours: 15.7
review: Have you ever wanted to slay dragons, skeletons, and people in the most epic fantasy way possible? This game allows you to do just that. Set in the huge open world of Skyrim, you play as the Dragonborn, a warrior who has absorbed the soul of a dragon. You have almost unlimited character customization, and an engaging fighting system grants tons of questing fun. The puzzles are surprisingly fun and make sense. Although you do have to walk everywhere at least once, it has an efficient fast travel system that reduces the time you spend reenacting The Lord of the Rings. The magic system is also ridiculously pleasing, as you can gain the capability to blow people away with a shout and breathe fire. Although not as serious as the makers intended, Skyrim is a dragon-slayin questin blast.
game-hours: 260.3
review: Great game, best game I ever bought, despite all it's flaws. It's still relevant. Damn good game.
game-hours: 50.5
review: By far the best game that I have ever played. It keeps you busy for hours and hours. You can play it at your own pace and certainly don't feel pressured to do the quests in any certain manner. Its nice to just go out hunting if I don't feel like completing quests. No matter what I set out to do in the game, I enjoy it and am able to relax.
game-hours: 283.6
review: This game is ing amazing. I give it 50 out of 10, because this game doesn't care about math, it only cares about being awesome, and limits aren't awesome, but dragons are, and dragons don't give a  about math either. The only downside to this game is that it's so awesome you'll want to play it all the time and your other games will cry because they won't ever be ha fraction of the awesome of this game, and then you might feel bad for them, but then you'll realize they should man up and try to be half the game Skyrim is. Go forth and weep that every game you play after this will be less sweet, less bright, and just plain less, because they won't compare. One time a dragon was flying around going all "Nyeah nyeah you can't hit me" so I told the sky to open up and hit that smarmy  with bolts of vengeance and then he died because ing awesome, that's why.
game-hours: 301.6
review: Very good game :D
game-hours: 10.8
review: I'm really enjoying this game. Just wish I had more time to play.
game-hours: 230.9
review: A masterpiece, a must and a great adventure ahead. This game is almost infinite, you have so many things to do that at some point you will be overwhelmed by missions, a map big as hell, beautiful landscapes that will marvel you, you won't be dissapointed at all. Maybe a bad thing are the crashes that some times happen during gameplay, but they are a minor detail next to the great storyline and adventures this game has to offer. Totally recommended!
game-hours: 11.1
review: best dragon ing sim of 2013. i give it 5 bad dragon
game-hours: 114.1
review: Increidbly vast game, supplied with one of the most extended storylines, due to the sidequests, as well as minor, optional activities. Have invested 110 hours and because the potentials that can be acheived just by exploring, have not completed the campaign yet (Well, on PC that is). Definitely would recommend to a friend or anyone publicly, and also would emphasize significance of integrating gameplay-enhancing modificaitons, bug fixes, and graphical or enviormental changes to keep the game fresh, and looking like a next-gen game, which it does spectacularly.
game-hours: 331.8
review: Endless hours of gameplay. Along with the original contact, players can also create mods which make the game new continuously. One of my favorite games.
game-hours: 388.8
review: Coming from someone who is a huge fan of all the Elder Scrolls games and also a huge lore fanatic...I Absolutely love it! It's been my favorite game since its release, if your debating buying it...just buy it already, you wont regret it.
game-hours: 113.6
review: This game has offically ruined my relationship, gg Bethesda, gg. 10/10 Would buy again.
game-hours: 98.3
review: This is by far one of the most fun and amazing games I have ever played. I have a biased for RPG fantasy games so Skyrim is at an advantage there. The game on it's own is not enough though for a die hard player, but thankfully since there is a mass fan base there are a plethora of mods to make the experience your own. I try to stay lore-friendly as it would defeat the purpose otherwise. Even though it says I have played 85 hours I assure you my game time is more like 400+hrs. Which is insane I know, but I just can't resist entering Tamriel to smash mobs over and over and over again. Not to mention I still haven't completed every corner of quests and dungeons there is to complete. So if you are ever wondering if Skyrim is a worthy game of your time I assure you, your time will no longer be your own.
game-hours: 98.0
review: Now you can polish a turd.
game-hours: 58.0
review: Its like Skyrim with guns!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 103.7
review: BL00D13 4/\/\4z1|\|G!!!! 0/\/\G z0 G(){}|)!!!!!! Z[] z(463!!!
game-hours: 124.9
review: I love this game, one of the biggest benefits to the PC version is that you can get mods to enhance the gameplay beyond the original. If you are smart and avoid the mods that are game breaking and just go for the ones that add depth to character dialog or raise the graphics to next-gen levels, or adds new areas to explore, then it has so much more replay value.
game-hours: 40.3
review: I killed Lydia by pushing her off the mountain; she became a burden. 11/10
game-hours: 390.6
review: I love this game. Cons: NPCs are ofter uninteresting and nothing to care about and the UI is bad but mods fixes the UI Pros: EVERYTHING ELSE! It is an awsome game and can made into something beautiful. The amount of mods and user made content will give you the abillity to customise your experience to something uniqe. Just take my advise and install SkyUI, Skyrim SKSE, HD texture pack and an ENB and it will be one of the best looking games ever.
game-hours: 654.4
review: AWESOME
game-hours: 61.4
review: Great fantasy epic with customizable gameplay. Realy Good!
game-hours: 52.7
review: To start I am a newbie to Elder Scrolls. I remember playing Morrow wind on the Xbox and it didn't appeal to me than. However jump a couple games down and I have to say I've missed out on a lot when I don't buy elder scrolls on the computer. I've put up a lot of hours and still haven't beaten the main storyline. This game has a lot in it and it's worth the money.
game-hours: 868.4
review: epic game ment for REAL adventureurs. Get this game for an amazing RPG story campain if ur a man
game-hours: 1456.5
review: with many hours on this game i will say its a good game. not great or perfect but good. with that in mind the game can only get better with mods ,but if you need mods to carry your game then well needs more work. with all my time i have seen almost all of the map which is fun. the rare encounters are unique and can help you understand the lore. the story was basicly a huge side mission, and was better in obilvion (in my opinion). and the ai is ok. as a final note the lore has made me happy as there is enough to fill a truck.
game-hours: 105.0
review: 10/10 Would play again and again and again!
game-hours: 720.0
review: Best RPG on steam that i ever played with all 3 DLC' is skyrim even more better
game-hours: 83.9
review: Great game
game-hours: 75.9
review: Killed 20 dragons so far and got caught for stealing a flower... 15/10 MLG would play again
game-hours: 210.5
review: You will have no trouble dedicating many hours to this game. It does not get old, and mechanics never seem too repetitive or boring. With an insane amount of quests, a massive world, and seemingly endless dungeons, this game will give you plenty of gameplay, and it gets cheaper every year!
game-hours: 226.2
review: One of the best open-world experiences out there. Skyrim is perfect for any player who prefers to create their own character and then to customize how they level up, the levelling system is near flawless giving you options between the more melee based heavier type of character, the warlock mage or the sneaky theif archer. Needless to say you can mix it up so for example a battle mage could be created who would be great at swordmanship and armour aswell as spell casting ability. The story is probably not as intriguing as Skyrims predecessor and sometimes can seem to be a questline you want to progress through just to get it of your quest journal. This been said the amount of side and miscellaneous quests which will either be pretty serious or great fun with humour more than make up for the lacking main story, to add upon this the amount of these quests are insane and will keep yo treking in efforts to find more. Graphically the game looks fabulous and if you are the player that likes to add some game enhancing graphic mods then this game is most definetley for you, mods are released constantly and really do make your game look better (not that it looked bad in the first place) The GUI works the same as all the other Elder Scrolls games and will come to no surpise for most players, the inventory and skill system has been managed amazingly making it easy to access things in battle. The AI has become slightly more evolved but still what you would expect from this sort of game. Overall I would rate this game 8.5/10 and would say that it definitely is one of the best RPG's I have ever played.
game-hours: 98.8
review: drugs
game-hours: 122.3
review: Transitioning from one era to another in the story, Skyrim does a great job of cleaning up a lot of frustrations from previous TES games and putting every perspective that we love from Open World RPG's: Dynamic Settings, Beautiful Enivornments, and Epic Combat. The Combat doesn't feel so static and weak anymore, like you're hitting a fence with a wooden sword, first person combat now feels fast and fluid, sprinting, attacking, and blocking feel better as well. The Status bars are also a plus as well, having them conveniently placed across the bottom of your screen, to minimalize HUD flogging when you want to get immersed in this game. Environments look great, like the fog and cloud system in this game is by far the most photorealistic detail that I've ever seen in a game, that from looking at it it is almost palpable(big words). The Water system has improved a alot, but sometimes I'm swimming in invisible water due to glitches. Enchanting weapons is now a useful skill, rather than those cores you'd retrieve from closing oblviion gates. Weaponry Combat is now divided between One-Handed and Two-Handed, rather than Maces and Swords, and while either one can be argued over which is better, both are evetually equally helpful. Although, trying to get re-acquainted with certain magic skill sets is a little trifling, considering that Mysticism no longer is a magic skill set and we are left with Illusion, Destruction, Restoration, Alteration and Conjuration. Mysticism's spells have been divided among each other skill set, which can make finding the particular spells difficult if you are not familiar with The Elder Scrolls. But most importantly, Skill Sets are a big improvement to this game. Leveling Up is now more diverse; if you leveled up just using Marksmanship, you can put a Perk into Enchanting if you feel like it, where in Oblivion it had you forced to increase skills based on what skill you used most. Also, Magic, Stamina, and Health also have their own perk points, where each time you can level up, you can add 10 points to either one. The Story, well, it has some strengths, but also weaknesses. In terms of communication, Now all communication is in real-time, so when you communicate to one person, not everyone else will just freeze in place. Also, you won't have to stare at the NPC you are talking to face to face. In fact, you can actually move your first-person view while conversing, providing a more thematic and realistic ideal to communication. But to the story. Now, the Dragonborn Quest was epic, especially at the end when you finally face Alduin once and for all, but the other main quest on Civil War was very watered down and shallow. Now, you can never win a civil war with one person, that never happens. Throughout the whole time you are doing this quest, you never actually feel any tension from your foe, either being the imperials or the stormcloaks. And when you do enter Enemy territory, you aren't even threatened from there. Even after stopping Imperial/Stormcloak armies, capturing cities and ransacking forts, all that the leaders ever do is just curse your name and talk passive-agressively towards you, not even once bothering to mention that In that case you'd be a high profile target for assassination. Hm, maybe I'm just being too demanding and harsh on an already great game. However, on a technical level, there are a lot of issues with this game that bother me. From the endless amount of low-end, meaningless glitches (visual glitches and invisible,clipped enemies) to the extremely common game-breaking glitches( such as corrupted data and quest characters clipped into walls) Overall this game is worth your money, but if you want to play and have a good experience, then install patch mods because this game will become a nightmare if you don't. Apparently, my review was too long. Dammit steam. 9/10
game-hours: 404.4
review: I love the open world, there are so many possibilities in what you can do
game-hours: 659.7
review: 3 years of playing, still find new stuff :D
game-hours: 170.1
review: The dragons are coming back to Skyrim and you are the only one that can stop them, you are dragonborn. Though the dragons aren't the biggest concern because skyrim is in the middle of civil war the high king has been murdered you must choose a side, will you support Ulfrick Stormcloack and his rebel army or will you join (the far superior) imperial army. There are a lot of other side- and main quests in the game as wel. Bethesda has nailed it again by producing a game that in my opinion is the king of rpg's. 9/10
game-hours: 232.9
review: Skyrim is one of the best games I have played to date. You can get so immersed into this game with the lore and the story and just the game itself. I would recommend this game to anyone.
game-hours: 347.0
review: Better than Dark Souls for sure
game-hours: 55.7
review: sex mods
game-hours: 840.0
review: I have clocked in so many hours of my life into this game and its DLC, along with the ability to mod it. This is by far my second favorite game of all time, and thats saying something considering the ammount of games ive played. I can always come back to TES:Skyrim and play with a new refreshing experience because of my imagination and the amalgamation of mods i have installed. Do i wanna be a necromancer assassin this round? Or do i wanna be a nature-conjuring , wolf spirt summoning druid ? Or a buff, beefy, sweaty-glistening-muscles toned argonian with a giant greatsword whos 9 feet tall and could crush you under his foot? Yes. Aslong as you have an imagination, and whether or not you wanna mod it [ i recommend modding, it adds near-infinite replayability even more to an infinite replayable base game] , this game is absolutely fun, stunning in graphics, and beautiful in many ways. Also hilarious, considering the people who made this game, they have a sense of humor, something that is great in a game such as this . I am biased to rate this game 10/10 as its one of my favorites, however it does have its flaws some should be aware of. In the hearthfire dlc, when you bould a house, the lighting inside doesnt properly work. I have looked for numerous fixes and downloaded mods to fix it, to no avail, it seems completely broken and unrepairable. That , for me, is a huge problem, as i am a visual type of guy, i like the beauty i find in things, and when you build a grand house where the lighting is bleak and dead because of a glitch rendering the torches not to work, well, it really puts a sour taste in my mouth. However, dont take my word as law, some people dont have the glitch, and some do, it seems. Its different per person from what ive read and spent countless hours trying to fix. There are some other glitches around but alot of the skyrim bug fixing mods fix them. This game is still a 10/10 for me, despite its flaws and occasional bug or blemish. Oh yea, argonians and khajitt for life. Preferably Khajitt, its hard to choose, but my biased love for lions and large cats wins me over this round. DAMN YOU BETHESDA.
game-hours: 55.8
review: 8/8 m8 IGN Like skyrim with guns what
game-hours: 0.8
review: George R.R Martin sure knows how to make games !
game-hours: 17.9
review: It's a fun game. It's confusing at first but it gets easier once you get used to. Buy this game!
game-hours: 384.7
review: One of the best games I have ever played, 400+ on record. Alot of replayability, and the modding comunity is great. The game really lets you play it your way. No matter if you want to be a healing Elf, or a dragon slaying Orc you will still enjoy this awesome game
game-hours: 166.3
review: even though this game is seven years old now, Skyrim is still my all-time favorite RPG adventure. What it lacks in default graphics it makes up for in mods and overhauls produced by the gaming community, making your skyrim equal (if not better) to most games on the market today. As far as content goes, if you've finished every quest, explored every cave, and cleared every dungeon, then there are plenty of fantastic quest mods out there and i doubt i'll get bored of skyrim any time soon. be sure to check out the skyrim nexus for the latest and greatest mods to keep your game looking fresh. sorry for the rant.
game-hours: 100.2
review: I seriously overlooked this game when it first came out, believing it was grossly overhyped and thinking it was another paint-by-numbers RPG that had great aesthetic but typical gameplay - I was certainly wrong. It now stands as one of my favourite games, not only because of its sheer amount of content, but also because it's honestly the most fun you can have in an RPG adventure. While it does hold some less than desired glitches (one of which that had me forced to noclip), that's something that I've pretty much accepted as a part of Bethesda's larger than life charm.
game-hours: 667.8
review: well after a virginity-solidifying 550+ hours of skyrim i can safely say that my chances of ever reproducing have hit the negatives. mod the game, by the way.
game-hours: 95.8
review: the best game evar
game-hours: 228.3
review: Ran into the wild. Killed some bandits. Stripped them and put them in compromising positions with eachother. 10/10
game-hours: 217.9
review: 11/11 The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is the best game of all time. The scope, scale and freedom of the game is unimaginable. The atmosphere is vibrant with a deep lore and story. A beautiful masterpiece with an amazing soundtrack. I urge you to keep your favorite screenshots and music tracks somewhere safe because in 10 years time when new games have rendered this one obsolete you can go back through those memories again and remember just how special Skyrim was to you. You'll argue with fans of the newer games sharing reasons for why Skyrim was better. They won't understand and how can they. Their memories will be with newer games that have built on Skyrim's strengths further. They won't appreciate how without earlier games the ones that they're playing now wouldn't be possible. You too can become a nostalgic loser who hates new games just because they change things. Got this game for the PS3 and sunk in hundreds of hours. If you got it on console it is totally worth getting it for PC for the massive modding community. If there were one thing I would forget. It would be this game only so I could experience it again. Skyrim is love Skyrim is life.
game-hours: 235.0
review: This game came out 2 days ago and I put in over 200 hours!!1!11 Arrow in the knee!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!111111!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 87.4
review: So Skyrim....this is one fun game. On the basic of the game you are a young dragonborn and you are off on an adventure. An adventure to save Skyrim. This game has a variety of things to do, so much you won't be bored. In this open world you can do anything that you want. If yu want to complete the story of the game go ahead, go to caves and find riches go ahead, be the leader of the Dark Brotherhood go ahead. This game is meant for fun and it does a good job of it. You are able to chose your destiny in Skyrim, your play style everything is up to you. You like cheats? Go ahead no one will judge its your game do whatever you want. Once you get the game you won't stop, and you will be glad you got this game.
game-hours: 149.3
review: Honestly one of the best open world ActionRPGs of the past couple of years.
game-hours: 108.5
review: TES V: Skyrim is an amazing game from start to it's seemingly endless end. I began the Elder Scroll series with Morrowind, which was captavating and well written, it was my favorite xbox game for a long time. Then on the xbox 360 I ended up investing probably around 400 hours into Oblivion. And then Skyrim was released. I got it on its release date and have put probably more than 200 hours into this game (despite my steam says otherwise). After all of my Elder Scrolls gameplay comparisons, I'm making this Skyrim review relative to the other games. The Good: > The graphics are absolutely stunning and mods make them even better. > The voice acting is incredible. It seems that SO many NPCs have their own unique voice, which is impressive for a video game. > Dragons! (Or should I say..... Wyverns!!!) > The thieves guild questline is amazing, probably the best guild questline in Skyrim. > Dual-wielding is a fun mode of combat that is definitely welcomed. > Particle effects and spell effects are numerous and beautiful. > AI has improved considerably. The Neutral: > NPCs you interact with most often (merchants, guards, etc) have too similar sounding voices that can soud a bit monotonous. > Certain aspects of skill training seem to be more of a grind than others with less immediate rewards. (Smithing, Enchanting, Alchemy) > The horses in this game definitely did not come from Cyrodil, these brutes are next to worthless. However, I find that riding via horseback is unnecessary for too many reasons. The Bad: > Texture glitches exist throughout, especially on mountains from my experience, where much of the landscape disappears or fragments. These are small bugs and are few and far in between. > Skill customization. I did prefer Oblivion's skill set up much more. Having primary skills that affect the development of secondary skills was a great system that they shouldn't have given up for Skyrim. > Speed and Agility are no longer traits of a character. That's unfortunate mainly because I like to play the role of a quick thief. > This game won't give back the many hours it takes from you. Bottom line: I'd recommend this game without hesitation to anyone. 10/10 The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is nothing short of amazing and has lived up to the incredibly high standard set by it's predecessors Morrowind and Oblivion.
game-hours: 30.6
review: The graphics, amazing. Even for it being a 2011 game. It you like long storylines,gaming,fun, ect. Then you gotta buy Skyrim. It's on sale but i bought it back 2011. Totally worth it.
game-hours: 39.1
review: Luv et.
game-hours: 203.8
review: very good game replay value very high
game-hours: 1709.1
review: Very fun game,many hours of enjoyment :-)
game-hours: 45.6
review: Don't buy you can't kill kids. 10/10
game-hours: 73.2
review: Gave up my religion for this one
game-hours: 158.1
review: Skyrim! What more do you need to know?
game-hours: 14.7
review: Easily one of the best games ever made, so good that I bought it a second time on PC, after I had sunken at least 100 hours into it on console.
game-hours: 207.0
review: Skyrim had me for a loop the first time I played and at first I didn't quite understand the game. This was back when I first started playing on the Xbox 360. NOW! I love the game to death and it takes it's place on my throne room as the most immersive, adventurous, badass game I have ever placed my paws on. This game takes everything that previous adventure RPG games have done right and made massive improvements on them. The game is purely amazing! The only criticism that I can give is the ability to get stuck on objects from time to time. This can become a bit annoying when your trying to platform from place to place and you end up stuck between a rock and well...a rock. Regardless of this issue the game holds up strong to its reputation and continues to be a powerhouse. I can only be hopeful that the "Elder Scrolls Online" is as amazing as it's predicessor.
game-hours: 74.5
review: it is one of the best games of all time! There is so much fredom and places to explore each fulled place with fun quests and interesting lore there is also alot of options of how you want your character. and the designs for everything are really great. every small detail all helps build a believable fantasy world that you want to keep exploring i would recomend it for anyone to try. a fantastic work of art! 10/10
game-hours: 153.5
review: Why are you reading this? GET THE GOD DAMN GAME NOW!!!!
game-hours: 81.9
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 253.4
review: me addicted to this.. and it never end.. beware! took a lot of my time.. still playing..
game-hours: 225.8
review: The most amazing game I have ever played. If anything, the lihting is a bit off- I suggest modding it, from the Skyrim Nexus. I would recommend this game any day of the week, and week of the month, any month of the year.
game-hours: 211.2
review: Legendary Edition worth the money. Very fun for a decent price :)
game-hours: 184.1
review: What can I say? I have been a fan of the Elder Scrolls for a while now and they get better each time. Everything about this game is enjoyable (Even the times when a Dragon comes down and wrecks your ). The use of Mods takes that even further with seperate items and retextures available for use. Any RPG Fan should pick this up.
game-hours: 114.3
review: Great game. :)
game-hours: 170.7
review: w00tw00tw00t
game-hours: 1121.0
review: Look at my playtime.... Just look at it! That's how much I love this game.
game-hours: 1.0
review: awesome as fu*k
game-hours: 9.6
review: great game, haven't spent to much time, due to school and stuff, the combat is good, graphics are stunning, and the dungeon crawl i went on took me a while too.
game-hours: 464.3
review: I've modded my game to the point where I've had to delete all my local content and re install everything. 11/10 would do it again just to ply sweet, sweet skyrim once more
game-hours: 200.3
review: Not Just Game of the Year Game of the Decade, there hasn't been a game this good, with as much thought and effort put into it in a very long time. Buy this game and be engrossed in the rich and wonderfull world of Tamriel full of everything that makes an RPG great. 10/10
game-hours: 332.2
review: If you like fantasy worlds that you can go wherever you want and follow your own path, then you need to check out Skyrim. Heck, while I'm here, I'll toss out a recommendation for all of The Elder Scrolls series. Each and every TES game that Bethesda's put out has gotten better and better. Skyrim is no exception. Especially with the new "radiant quest" system that generates infinite quests so that the game will NEVER get stale. And this TES game's got dragons! Lemme tell you, there's never that beats the heart-pounding adrenaline of battling a dragon that's literally 10 times your size and can kill you if you make the slightest mistake. And the music that plays when you do battle is epic, lemme tell you. But there's never anything better than when the dragon falls and you stand victorious. That's why I love Skyrim. That's why I recommend it. :)
game-hours: 85.2
review: Everyone kills the chicken. 7.8/10 too much water.
game-hours: 552.0
review: one of the best single player rpg games out there
game-hours: 25.6
review: Killed a chicken had the whole town after me what more can i say? if killing chickens is your thing then buy this game already!!
game-hours: 1293.0
review: ing Awesome Game
game-hours: 229.4
review: Great Story and deep exploration, an amazingly detailed world. It is a place you will remember for your entire life.
game-hours: 88.0
review: 8 out of 9.69 It is very nice I like it when I kill the bandits with my sword and I say fus ro dah to the giants but but they fly away because I forgot to brush my teeth...
game-hours: 321.9
review: If you're looking for a way to get fired, divorced, and cut off from your family, get Skyrim. Skyrim is also proven to lose weight, just buy playing it! It's true! At least 0 out of 10 doctors have verified this statement! You'll play this game so much, you'll forget about that pesky 'outside world'. Silly things like hygiene, bills, responsibilities, all this garbage goes away when you're playing this magnificent work of art and storytelling. The amazing amount of time and love that went in to developing this game is obvious in everything that you will do. This is not your average 'on rails' POS, it's genuinely an experience. it's a rare game that doesn't force you to play any one style, but instead, it lets you choose and rewards you for your unique vision. You can go sword & board, all magic, archery, two-handed hammers, combinations of, and more. Tired of trying to find the perfect weapon? Craft it yourself. Wish it had fire damage? Enchant it. Want to call someplace home? Build it. Need a family for said home? Get married and/or adopt kids. Slay dragons or tame them. See amazing landscapes that defy words. Experience a story where your decisions will shape the continent. There's so much waiting for you, come be a part of it!
game-hours: 64.1
review: great game, looks amazing on ultra!
game-hours: 514.9
review: dragons!
game-hours: 343.7
review: Awesome game! Want more!!!
game-hours: 79.4
review: Really good game one of my favourite so BUY IT
game-hours: 65.4
review: Such quests Much dragons Very magic Wow
game-hours: 87.4
review: This is an RPG if you like playing medieval games that involes a lot of fantasy this is for you
game-hours: 7.8
review: This game is one of the best singleplayers only! It has over 40 hours of gameplay(including sidequests and DLC). And best of all there are many classes to choose from. Warrior, Assassin, Mage, and many more! Skyrim has many different characters with very different attitudes toward you. You also have DragonBorn blood(get the game to know what this is). Bethesda put a lot of work into this game and it has shown to be worth thier effort. Get this game and your going to have a really great time!
game-hours: 42.9
review: absolutely amazing! there are so many mods to enhance and/or make the game funnier/more entertaining
game-hours: 307.1
review: Accessibility: Crap. Interface: Crap. Player progression and difficulty control: Crap. Usability: Crap. Balancing: Crap. Yet average rating of 90+ anywhere you look. Why? Because this game is pure RPG madness. Especially recommended if you are capable of letting your mind shape the world. This game offers your all the audiovisual stimuli needed to do so. If you want a more slow paced RPG with choices, cutscenes and cinematic presentation Dragon Age is the way to go. Skyrim is for the free roaming RPG adventurer type.
game-hours: 511.2
review: I spend 2 years on this game. now i have social anxeity and erectile dysfunction.
game-hours: 326.7
review: So meny mods!!!
game-hours: 160.5
review: Awesome game never gets old especially when you get mods 11/10
game-hours: 1532.1
review: One of the best games I have ever played and there are not so many games which I like and even less of those which I can play for years without ever getting bored. The Elder Scrolls: V Skyrim is one of those games. I love the open world games where you are the one who makes choices, when there is soooo much to explore, sooo much to do, it never gets boring. Love the thing that there are many armours and weapons added in the game and so many levels and perks so basicly there is no end in achieving something, also love the difficulty levels and it makes the game much more harder to play so it's not all about running around and slaugthering everything but you have to think all the time to survive. With Add-ons skyrim makes even more fun and I'm more then satisfied with this kind of a game and I recomend it to everyone who is into fantasy, open world, explore stuff. Perfect game, hope you guys will keep up with the good work!
game-hours: 86.1
review: The new Elder Scrolls has come.Long awaited the players finally get their hands on one of the best games of the year.If you played the previous Elder Scroll games and you liked them then you're going to love this one.The game has got an incredible amount of content including quests,items,towns and a very good open world system. It is a must buy for the player who likes games like this.
game-hours: 81.5
review: I recommend this game because it is bonkers big.
game-hours: 346.5
review: Skyrim is the fifth game in the Elder Scrolls series of RPGs. It's an open world, western-style role playing game in which you assume a character that you create in a fantasy-type setting. You choose the charcter's race (various types of human, elf, cat-person, lizard-person, etc) and it's starting abilities. From there, you level up the character however you want, whether you want to specialize in stealth and stealing, bows, one-handed or two-handed weapons, or combinations therein. You also level up their health, stamina, and many other statistics, as you wander around the world. There is a main quest to complete, but much of the draw of the ES games is that you can literally go wherever you want, completely ignoring the main quest, and many other paths open up to you. You can even become a vampire or a werewolf if you want, though both have their drawbacks. The game also changes and reacts to your different decisions. So if you want to play through again as a different character, with different abilities, you can do vastly different things and basically it's like a whole new game. This game has a lot of content plus DLC's. Steam workshop and mods bring a lot of different things and lots of replay value! Highly recommended!
game-hours: 358.8
review: very very gud
game-hours: 24.8
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 59.1
review: I get bored easily in games, and usually their genre is RPG, or TPS. But dude, this GAME! Let me tell you this, nothing in this game is boring. Just when i start to get bored a dragon appears from nowhere and cheers me up. Not to mention random quest givers popup everytime. After 60 hours of gameplay i still have tons of quest in my list and i dont know which one i should choose next :) Im not an old school elder scrolls fan, the first game of bethesda i played was Fallout 3. I loved the game but couldnt play it, because it made me depressed. Instead i watched my friend playing and i had so much fun. But in Skyrim i dont have to worry about that. Because the atmosphere is too damn cool. Just look at that huge mountain or "wow that city dude" If you still wondering, stop and buy this game. Get your coffee at 8 pm, and start playing. :)
game-hours: 557.0
review: if you were stuck on an island and you had to choose one game , this is the one to take its freaking awesome and to do everything in this game takes forever
game-hours: 145.8
review: My house chores are not getting done anymore because of this game
game-hours: 48.4
review: this is quite nice
game-hours: 24.2
review: awesome
game-hours: 233.4
review: I bought the Legendary Edition during the Steam Winter Sale and I have not regretted my purchase and I don't think I ever will. There is so much to do in this game and it feels much more lively than any recent MMORPGs on the market. When people say you are going to lose many hours of your life playing this game, they're not joking. I have already put in 50 hours and I have barely progressed the main story. The game is so immersive that I actually feel like I am a part of the world and that is how I like my RPGs. Hands down one of the best purchases I have made, gaming wise.
game-hours: 57.9
review: Best game for me! It has some lag but, i think its just my computer xD.
game-hours: 9.7
review: Officially The Mature Gamer Podcast Game of the Generation.
game-hours: 183.5
review: <3
game-hours: 17.3
review: Excellent game, great choice of characters, great graphics & freedom of play. Wish there were more hours in the day to play it more often!
game-hours: 45.1
review: This game is amazing. Mods are great. Graphics are amazing. Probably the best roleplay/rpg game. Get it!
game-hours: 1116.1
review: Compratelo, compratelo, COMPRATELO!
game-hours: 151.1
review: Facemelting epicness <3 A game that never ends and never gets old
game-hours: 243.1
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is definitely one of my favourite games. I love open world games, especially the elder scrolls series, and skyrim has one of the best worlds that I've seen. Although the DLC does add some great content, Skyrim is excellent on its own, and I would strongly recomend it to everyone.
game-hours: 28.7
review: Don't play this game. If you want time to make something else. I warn you. Really warn you.
game-hours: 137.4
review: Killed a crab. Dramatic music plays. 10/10
game-hours: 165.5
review: It's pretty much the best game I've ever played, period.
game-hours: 63.4
review: What Fallout 3 to post-apocalyptic FPS shooters is to medieval/fantasy genre. I would name my child Skyrim if I could. I.love.this.game.
game-hours: 64.7
review: 10/10 would play on laptop
game-hours: 273.5
review: I'll be honest: I have never played another Elder Scrolls game in my life, but I got to say, that this game certainly makes me want to. The world is huge, the quests are fun, whether you're diving into forgotten ruins to stop cultists from calling long-dead spirits, or just delivering a letter, it will have you hooked from the beginning, to the end. Even when you take an arrow to the knee, or someone steals your sweat roll, you will have a great time playing the Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim.
game-hours: 906.2
review: My god, this is such a change from their usual fare. Its awesome!
game-hours: 95.3
review: When steam is running a special you can scoop up the base game plus all the expanions for $20 and some change. And once you've bought the official game + DLC, there's anywhere from 200-1000% more content waiting for you in the form of mods. Hands down the best value for your money out on the market.
game-hours: 76.7
review: This game is amazing!!!
game-hours: 130.1
review: great game for beginners, pros, and all nighters
game-hours: 17.2
review: Possibly one of the finest games ive ever played, with many realms to explore, and the workshop content makes this game a must have on steam!
game-hours: 12.0
review: verry plesent game
game-hours: 266.4
review: Best game ever. You like dragons you like action you will enjoy this game as mch as I did. on my secound playthrough
game-hours: 386.4
review: Awesome game :)
game-hours: 130.2
review: Seriously? You're looking at reviews for Skyrim? I suppose if you were asleep since 2012 you might not know that Skyrim is a solid game and if you've never heard of an Elder Scrolls game you may not know that's it's a massive open world RPG. Much like Oblivion, Skyrim simplifies a lot of the RPG systems which surprisingly actually makes the game better on a whole. The real draw to Skyrim right now is the plethora of Steam Workshop content available for free allowing you to mod the game to your hearts content. I have a 5 word recommendation if you choose to play Skyrim and check out the Workshop: Macho Man Randy Savage Dragons.
game-hours: 44.2
review: I cry evry tiem
game-hours: 1.7
review: If you have yet to experience the greatness that is this game, you are only hurting yourself. Easily one of the best in the series and likely one of the top 10 games on steam period.
game-hours: 1.6
review: runs on my laptop with an intel i5 1.7ghz 8gb ram intel 4000 at 30 frames per second with medium settings and no mods. So even if your running a lesser machine that cant play new games you might be able to play this one.
game-hours: 79.6
review: Amazing and highly addictive. A must play for any RPGer
game-hours: 38.5
review: Tis good yahhh has much dragons yahhh I like!
game-hours: 250.0
review: This game is great if you love le arrow to le knee me-me
game-hours: 121.7
review: A vast world full of adventure, strugle, and conflict. It is up to you to put to an end of all this and turn the province of Skyrim back to its former glory!
game-hours: 316.8
review: Love this game it is so fun!
game-hours: 155.9
review: Yes. It's frikkin Skyrim. Play it.
game-hours: 285.4
review: Amaaaaazing
game-hours: 258.3
review: this game makes me want to  a duck its so good
game-hours: 30.1
review: so much fun, get hearthfire dlc to make your own house and adopt childrew
game-hours: 30.2
review: this is one of the b=most boss games ever
game-hours: 380.2
review: I've wasted 300+ hours of my life on this game and i would do it again, even though i feel like bethesda could add more to the game before releasing it, I'm still astounded by the sheer beauty and magnificence of this game on a daily basis. It was the decider for my favorite genre and game company and i eagerly await the next release in the Elder Scrolls series (after ESO) i'm positive that i'll be spending at least a couple hundred more hours in game. 1,000,000/10 would buy again.
game-hours: 99.0
review: Greatest game ever. Mods make the game more amazing. Suggest playing game first before modding. Also best if playing with good gaming computer. You will never get bored playing this game. #Amazing
game-hours: 183.3
review: "Like Skyrim without guns" 5/10 IGN
game-hours: 136.9
review: Two words. PC. MODS. Nuff said
game-hours: 154.4
review: THE BEST GAME EVA
game-hours: 60.8
review: You will become addicted..... thats the good thing about this game Cx
game-hours: 109.6
review: Is there a need for a review? Don't you have internet connection? Awesome gameplay, great graphics (for a rpg), and a crapton of mods on the workshop to extend your gameplay... This is just pure epic. And don't forget the soundtrack!
game-hours: 65.8
review: Open world game that allows you to mod it as much as you like greate game you can never beat it because their are quest that go one forever.
game-hours: 65.5
review: The Elder Scrolls is without a doubt the best RPG series created.
game-hours: 87.8
review: 77K written about this legendary product. How can i say any new for you? It's one the greatest game in history you should shame on yourself if you dont try it once.
game-hours: 91.7
review: 3 years well spend
game-hours: 180.9
review: Great fun game.
game-hours: 418.6
review: Excellent game to chill with and a nice break from multiplayer gaming.Of all the games I've played like WoW or shooters, for a single player game this is a true masterpiece, from the story line, the Nordic style and accents of the characters to the soundtrack this must have been a project the developers will never forget. I'll remember this like I remember the old Colossal Cave adventure in the old days.
game-hours: 67.0
review: The best way to consume all of your freetime
game-hours: 9.0
review: Amazing, the mods keep the fun going. Becareful with console commands some can screw you over but I highly recommend this game
game-hours: 67.8
review: Its a f***ing Elder Scrolls game. While it may not be perfect, its still pretty fantastic.
game-hours: 14.1
review: This game is amazing. Buy it.
game-hours: 74.8
review: It's like Skyrim with guns! 9.5/10 -OGN
game-hours: 40.1
review: Buy it.
game-hours: 69.6
review: It's like Skyrim but with Skyrim 10/10
game-hours: 68.8
review: i do so enjoy dragonborn
game-hours: 22.6
review: very fun game to play
game-hours: 15.9
review: Lovely game, however I don't have the time to dig myself into the game. Too time consuming.
game-hours: 144.6
review: By far one of my favourite games of 2011. This game is addictive, lengthy and fun as hell and keeps you wanting more and more as you trudge through ever side-quest possible.
game-hours: 185.4
review: Great game! It never end as there is so much to do! I see myself still playing this 10 years in the future :)
game-hours: 82.4
review: Best. Game. Ever! (legendary edition on Xbox 360 with 100% achievements)
game-hours: 252.1
review: a game one never grows tired of, there is a extremely wide world to wander and if you feel like making the game more fun you can buy the other DLCs which makes the game even better. you feel like a real beast when you walk around fighting whatever comes in your way. love it
game-hours: 128.8
review: Now that I have 100 hours on my steam version, with probably over 500 on my legendary edition that I bought when it came out (huge elder scrolls fan), I thought it would be a good time to write a review on this fabulous thing Bethesda created. This game, is definately in my top 5 favorite games ever. I find it better than all of the previous games. Elder Scrolls fanboys probably just punched through their monitor with that one, but here's why. It easily surpasses ever game except for Morrowind in terms of story. Sure, when you look at it, not the best story ever. And the voice actors are repeated. But the feel of the game, the choices, everything about this game Bethesda blew out of the park. They aced it. Home run. Vanilla Skyrim is a pure masterpeice. But, add mods to the question. Of course, there will always be those people who have the body mods, there's always someone who does that. But the modding community in this game is like nothing ever seen before. People can edit, and create new things in this game and they do it in a masterful way. I could seriously go on for hours, more hours than I've played Skyrim and Morrowind combined in fact, but I'm not going to make a 200 line review for this game. Main things that you need to know: 1.) This game is absolutely gorgeous, both physically through graphics and design, and through dialouge and the small touches throughout it. 2.) The modding community is revolutionary. 3.) This game is so good that critics everywhere will be comparing any game, doesn't have to be an RPG even, to The Elder Scrolls V. 4.) The lore is ridiculously good. 5.) BUY THE DAMN GAME ALREADY
game-hours: 47.3
review: skyrim is like heroine you cant stop. console or pc still one of the best games ever. and dont forget the mods on pc :3
game-hours: 4.0
review: I decided to buy Skyrim since it was half off and it I always wanted to buy it. I played the game for a couple hours and its amazing to begin with! However, since I am a new noob to this game. It was hard for me a bit in till i got the hang of it. Its amazing game! Its worth the money
game-hours: 73.5
review: One of the best games ever! Keep going Bethesda!
game-hours: 182.2
review: i so so love this game, got so into it. love the fact you control what happens with your char.
game-hours: 194.9
review: In this game Barbas stole my bacon. 10/10
game-hours: 34.4
review: Best Game Ever !!
game-hours: 40.1
review: This game is amazing with high deffintion mods and features a great expirance to everyone
game-hours: 54.3
review: One of my favourites.
game-hours: 64.1
review: Geiles Spiel , Awesome Game :
game-hours: 147.1
review: Skyrim is one of the best games i have ever played. I highly recommend it for people that like action, adventure based games. It has nice graphics and there is thousands of mods, texturepacks and things like that out there that can make the game special for you. Buy this incredibly awesome game, you won`t regret it! I promise!
game-hours: 109.7
review: Unbelievably deep game, even when compared to other Bethesda titles such as Fallout 3. It will have you immersed in the nordic lore in no time.
game-hours: 31.1
review: One of the best RPG games in existence!
game-hours: 211.8
review: One of the best games I've played from Bethesda. I suggest you should play as well, it has a good story, lots of missions to choose from, and many different things! What I like most about it is the mods I use on it, and it's just really great.
game-hours: 93.9
review: Who can go wrong with skyrim? Nothing Best game hands down.
game-hours: 72.3
review: b3st gam3 ever
game-hours: 62.9
review: I made Mike Tyson as a Redguard. Then I punched a dragon to death.
game-hours: 105.4
review: A Great Game that Create the Community, Or is it The Great Community that Make the Game Great? Maybe it goes Both ways. A Digital Toy Box which you can play with it in many many ways. Get Creative, Productive or other -tives with it. cannot recommend this enough. So...
game-hours: 136.7
review: imo an almost perfect game just like Fallout. but instead of guns you got swords and you fight against dragons instead of mutants.
game-hours: 37.3
review: An open world and engaging environment provide the setting for a game that allows you to explore and discover. This is one monster of an RPG.
game-hours: 101.1
review: Do you love having endless mods from endless entertainment sources like naruto,star wasr, and etc? Do you like having the ability to have a mod to even craft a gun? Do you like console commands and Role playing games? Do you like making choice that will reflect what you do in the future and then dealing with it? IF SO this game is for you :D.
game-hours: 38.8
review: As of writing this I have only played 2 hours of the game, and i don't even own it (I use steam game share with a freind), but honest to god, this has to be up in my favorite games of all time.
game-hours: 114.0
review: Will update review later. As of now, its excellent. Its Skyrim. :D
game-hours: 34.6
review: brilliant game, love it
game-hours: 6.8
review: One of the greatest games of all time. Although it is still full of bugs and glitches several years on...
game-hours: 362.7
review: This is definetly the best game i hve ever played and i have 40 games just in my steam library!
game-hours: 311.4
review: this game ruined my life. 11/10
game-hours: 234.7
review: Dovahkiin... ;-)
game-hours: 127.5
review: If it were possible to have sexual intercourse with computer software, I'd be making sweet, sweet love to this incredible game on a nightly basis.
game-hours: 204.1
review: This game will never get old. Always new mods being made for the game and endless hours of exploration added. 10/10 would play till I'm old.
game-hours: 56.5
review: Be careful if you get this game it will eat your life it is truly amazing
game-hours: 196.5
review: Ah thenk dis b thu bes gam evur it let you kib and shuut dragerns uhhmagud use bgi swrod to kel elf I dont lik elf they suck PREYS TRALOS i am dovukhen fos ro durp
game-hours: 313.9
review: I often mix up reality with Skyrim
game-hours: 150.4
review: Although every man, woman, game reviewer and their cat has said this, I might as well jump onto the band wagon and confirm that Skryim is a GREAT game. The side quests usually vary (Although a lot of them are just go to location x and kill a certain number of enemy type Y) and the NPCs actually look like they're talking to you (I.E. They don't stare directly into your eyes for the entirety of the dialogue). The combat is fairly challenging, and the number of spells you can use is sufficient. However, the melee weapons are slightly underwhelming compared to games like Condemned 2. It's usually rather anti-climatic when you're using melee weapons to attack somebody, you hit them and their reaction is equivalent to the reaction of a man getting hit by a piece of paper. However, these are small complaints, and overall the game is very solid and I'd highly recommend it.
game-hours: 456.1
review: Why I bought the game: It's a classic series, a must own for rpg fans. What I liked about the game: The graphics, the atmosphere of Skyrim was desolate and cold, and on the other end warm and blooming with life. The combat was some of the best out for it's time, stamina was used very well. Dragon battles! My absolute favorite and most time consuming feature would have to be the modding community, and it's hard not to spent an equal amount of time in the steam workshop. What I didn't like about the game: No acrobatics?! I was highly disapointed with this, as my favorite class is Khajit. The story, for me this was biased to Nord - even more so than almost any other Elder Scrolls, to me personally it almost makes no sense to do the main story as a Khajit, and especially Argonian, I will not elaborate as I will not spoil the game. Side note: I cannot stand how they came out with a version with all the expansions, however if you purchased the game prior, you cannot purchase the expanded edition to save yourself money on the expansions which are not priced with empathy of this, and promoting customers to want to wait to purchase games. Would I buy at current asking price of 19.99? Yes, despite the stated above issue with pricing the game, especially Legendary Edition, is completely worth it. **Disclaimer** I would like to state all changes made by the developers of the game after this review could potentially make this entire review i 400 hours moding, 20 hours play time, would do again.
game-hours: 33.5
review: It's a very good game if you are into adventure action and rpg i recomend it it's really fun!
game-hours: 141.4
review: Highly recommended with all the mods available although it is a little outdated but this just means more PCs will be able to run it. If you think this game's grapics dont look too good i suggest going to nexus as they have more mods or just use steam workshop if your lazy. Overall a great game and i suggest the legendary edition for the full experience! I have spent 100 hours on it, io have finished the main questline but i still keep on coming back to it.
game-hours: 49.4
review: Skyrim is a bit confusing at first to someone who isn't familiar with the Elder Scrolls series or the RPG genre. Thankfully, there are plenty of guides for the game, and talking to the characters in the game gradually helps explain what is going on. The area to explore seems huge and there seems so much to learn initally, but that's all done in an enjoyable way and the more you play, the more addictive it gets, and you want to see what is going to happen next. A good adventure.
game-hours: 129.2
review: It's nearly impossible to write a review for this game after viewing the insane range of reviews for this game. So I am not writing this to stand out. Instead i'll just tell you my history with the game, this will give you some insight into why this can become an "Ecosystem" rather than just a neat game you play for a few hours. Don't worry, I'm not going to write a life story, just the basics. The reason this game is quite so dear to me, is because of it's blank canvus nature. Skyrim is an almost endless experiance when you get it, and leave it unmodded. I still remember my 'awe' when i was released into the open world when the game was released. However once you start the boring and tiresome process of learning how to properly install mods for the game --- and I am not talking the mods you get on steam workshop that give crabs tophats or make dragons sing -- I mean actual immersion mods -- then you will be awestruck by how you can make skyrim into a complex machine of your liking. Changing every little element, and allowing you to explore a familiar world that has been expanded apon in a billion little ways. Once you become confident with moddding, you an truly appreciate the sandbox that skyrim can become. It starts small, with flowers that look better, more butterflies, but eventually you will add mods that will change the core fundamentals of how the game functions. And then you can tweak each thing until it's to your liking. Essentially forging your own ideal game within skyrim. If i am unhappy with how enemies have a scripted death animation, i can install a mod that removes that. If i don't like how they don't react when i hit them with a sword, i can fix that. If i preferred how dark souls works, I can use a overhaul mod and make each encounter last for hours, with greater rewards. Almost anything you can think of, someone else has added to the game. And the scripting extension skse, will keep allowing for more of the game engine to be changed. Allowing things like realtime season changes in the future, as well as new graphics engine features. Visually, you can also install so many things that skyrim looks like something from the future, and you don't even need ENB to do that. You can do that with the vanilla game and still get a smooth framerate. Thats why I said it's an ecosystem. I wish more games had a similar endless horizon. I think that's why a lot of us look forward to fallout 4 so much, we get to do all of that again (hopefully on a dx11 modern engine). And that's exciting.
game-hours: 258.0
review: 85 hours in, and i'm only HALFWAY through the main story. The ammount of content in this game is incredible. Best quest system i've ever encountered. Fun to play.
game-hours: 42.8
review: BUY THIS GAME. GET THE LEGENDARY EDITION! The mods for this game are insane. This is easily the funnest game ever with correct modding. I love it. Night and day difference between modded Skyrim and Vanilla. Not to mention the unoffical patches fix so many bugs, it's such a smooth experience. Learn to clean your files, etc, it's just so much more enjoyable. Probably one of the best looking games I have now. Learn more at the link.
game-hours: 65.2
review: Excellent, Can't wait for Elder Scrolls Online 10/10
game-hours: 36.7
review: The game is very easy to get addicted to: cool storyline, beautiful scenery and exciting quests... what more can one wish for, right? Well I wanted to play skyrim so I bought the game in the afternoon a few days ago. Then i visited a friend only 2-3 hours later and at that point he opened Steam and there was the release of the winter sales which would have made the game 50% cheaper. So my problem here is that instead of recieving a warning that the "holiday sales" are arriving in the news feed or when u try to purchase the game itself, there was no warning at all, nothing that made it seem that the game would be 50% off two hours after I paid the full price. Instead of recieving a pop-up window telling me to wait one or two hours for the actual discount to kick in, I didn't get any information on the sales and had to pay the full price.
game-hours: 706.0
review: Skyrim is something with a little bit of everything. An RPG as its best. For a creative soul, it takes a very, very long time before the game runs out of fresh action or ceases to provide something new to take care. So many different choices makes Skyrim easily the best RPG I've ever played. Warning: Higly addictive. Can consume majority of your free time. Not kidding.
game-hours: 62.2
review: WOW, fantastic game, full of adventures and story, and an assortment of magic and weapons.
game-hours: 628.9
review: Less guild quests than Oblivion is my only gripe. Still gonna take up 300-1000 hrs of your life and worth it.
game-hours: 419.3
review: One of The Greatest RPG Experiences of All Time... a must play!!
game-hours: 42.6
review: 10/10
game-hours: 70.9
review: much better than any other game created in recent years
game-hours: 15.5
review: 11/10 Only one problem, How do you stop?
game-hours: 177.3
review: do not play this game if you still care about your life, this game snatch it all!
game-hours: 138.3
review: YOU! YOU THERE! DO YOU THINK THAT OBLIVION WAS COOL? DID YOU THINK THAT FALLOUT WAS COOL? DID YOU THINK THAT THESE GAMES IN GENERAL ARE PRETTY DANG AWESOME? THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU!
game-hours: 241.0
review: very nice game. start on lower diffuculty though unless you like being sent to a loading screen every 15 min.
game-hours: 65.3
review: One of the best game ever,if you like RPGs,you should definitly buy this one,tons of contents,and never gets boring!
game-hours: 431.8
review: A dragon stomped on me, bit my head, and threw me off a mountain. 10/10
game-hours: 32.5
review: Great game,Great story, Great replayability, Hundreds of missions, and just wonderful scenery, also dont forget of the awsome bugs that are mostly loved
game-hours: 351.9
review: good
game-hours: 2.7
review: One of the best RPGs I ever played and probably even will play. Though gameplay progressed only a little bit from The Elder Scrolls III: Morrowind and graphics requirement may be a little bit too much, it's still one of the most sophisticated, gorgerous and surprising games out there. Conclusion: A true epos about brave men, beautiful women and legends about dragons, f#%* yeah! what else do you need? 5/5
game-hours: 19.5
review: very nice.
game-hours: 745.6
review: its the best game ever made...not much else to say.
game-hours: 249.9
review: Skyrim is a must have game. I have purchased a few copies at 75% off to give as gifts to non-believing friends and family. They are all Dragonborn now. There is absolutely no reason for you not to pick up this amazing game next time it is on sale. Add it to your Wish List to get the sale notification (hint: Winter sale / Summer sale - can't miss out on this awesome game). You can thank me later! I only have the Heartfire DLC right now (If we can't make babies in the game, at least we can adopt a couple of orphans). It also lets you build a house, but I will play Sims if I want to do that. I have played through the game as most of the available characters. I like to mix it up with my character and fighting styles. So many quests and side quests. A couple of bugs, so google that sh&% and figure it out, cuz no way Steam is going to help you with that. Huge modding community. (Don't most game developers release unfinished games these days and leave it up to the fans to finish their work)? Tens of thousands of youtube videos, help guides, forums, and groups to help you with an issues or problems, and increase your gaming experience! Awesome Skyrim community to support you. Join us today!
game-hours: 364.8
review: 341 hours is beyond the maximum amount of gameplay you are suppose to have for this game. It bugged out on many of the quests, so I was never able to complete every mini-quest in the game. I bought this game a months before the price was perma halved, and then discounted. I could have bought it for 15 dollars.
game-hours: 409.2
review: This game is really great. lots and lots to do. if you enjoyed previous elder scrolls titles this will not disapoint. also has a great mod community and easy to install mods. If you are at all interested in an RPG, I reccomend this.
game-hours: 218.6
review: One of the best Rpgs i've played
game-hours: 53.2
review: Good game
game-hours: 448.0
review: By far one of the best time sponges I've ever come across, start out at 9am and it ends up being 9pm before you even realize it. Thank you Skyrim for helping me procastinate on things I really should've been working on and may you continue to do so for hours to come. PS Dragons.... are awesome.
game-hours: 202.7
review: The greatest game in history no doubt about it.
game-hours: 116.4
review: Immersive open world RPG. Endless exploration!
game-hours: 306.1
review: I don't even like medieval style gaming stuff. I prefer guns over swords, every time. But the incredibly open, sandboxed world, interesting quests, and fun leveling/skill trees/crafting options make this is a very fun and varied game. I spent 200 hours just on one character alone, before finally starting up another, and now I have so many more choices to make! I love this game.
game-hours: 240.6
review: Great game.
game-hours: 207.5
review: Yes.
game-hours: 217.6
review: Good game, but even better with mods. 9/10
game-hours: 309.0
review: One of my all-time favorites!
game-hours: 474.6
review: The greatest game ever made by MAN!
game-hours: 109.9
review: Goodgamegoodgamegoodgame very buy verygood such graphics suchmods very bargain !
game-hours: 193.0
review: the main quest felt way too urgent, the sidequests took me out of the urgency of the main quest, i found myself not getting immirsed in the game bcause of those two factors. other than that its really good. i still like oblivion the most
game-hours: 32.9
review: There's no game that goes to the same lengths to create a world than Skyrim. It really sells you on it's world, from the fantastic graphics to the true sense that this world would get on just fine without you poking around. My only criticisms is the interface is poor on PC and being a mage can feel like half your fight is with the menus and also there never seems to be any lasting effect of your escapades. People respond to you in similar ways at the beginning as when you are a champion.
game-hours: 347.7
review: is fun
game-hours: 124.3
review: A huge, expertly crafted and insanely detailed fantasy adventure with literally hundreds of hours of gameplay and that's without even touching the main quest line. An excellent modding community also helps to build on what is already a great game. 10/10.
game-hours: 76.4
review: Wonderful game, excellent replayability, and the various mods give you a lot of options for changing your gaming experience.
game-hours: 298.8
review: My most favorite game ever. Get it. Get it. Get it. Get it. No excuses, 11/10 must have totally worth it
game-hours: 73.3
review: DLC's are the best! so someone need to buy them for me, thanks!
game-hours: 105.8
review: I luv it!
game-hours: 723.7
review: 10/5
game-hours: 942.9
review: You will lose vast stretches of time if you get too invested in this game.
game-hours: 96.1
review: RIP my finals
game-hours: 201.0
review: Basically you start off a a man named Jimmy who is kidnapped by the russians in WW3. Jimmy has no idea what the hell happened so he begins to pick his fingers until the skin begins to molt into a blackish scar. He is recuited into the Russian army to take down Bin Laden Iskish, who is the number #1 sniper in the world. Why you? Because you are Jimmy Iskish.. His brother. Surpised? Just wait for it. You end up following Iskish down through West Emnet --> over to East Emnet right over the Rohan Mountains. As you line up your shot to blow off Iskish's face, a small hairy foot creature appears in your sights and starts yapping at you. You run like hell. Your body starts to pump battery acid from all the running. You keep running. Soon you end up im mordor where you run into a little fella called Sam Wise, and boy.. Was he wise. After running into him he only said one wise thing... "Please.. Please! Do you have any spare bread?" You nodded slightly and raised your eyebrows as the erotic excitement caught you. It was code! You had to go to the land of the Milk and Cookies. So you went, and boy did you went and went, you walked across the plains of the leper rainbow. You went across the sacred ancient city of New York, you went through Kiran, Firan, Byran Nelson, Gold Courses, Molf Morses, Horse Courses, Pools, tools, and balagools, you went through the lands of Chinese soaps, through Paper St. Through Atticus finches house, through the balconies where Michael Jackson lived, through the whole story of Pulp Fiction, and even through Narnia, then you arrived at the land of Milk and Cookies. There you met two strange people, one wore a Fin on his back and had shark teeth, the other was made of molted lava. They took you across the land of Milk and Cookies and let you arrive in a place called Elysium. From here a huge boring war was happening and you ended up downloading a virus on the main website because it was a funny prank. It saved the world. From there you hiked and walked the earth until you were suddenly shot by an arrow to the knee. It put you in acoma. You wake up with some weird people who talk nonsense about dragons and stormcloaks and imperialism and stuff, and they don't even know who you are. You are taken to be beheaded but end up making it free because of the Dr*gon and this is your story.
game-hours: 61.9
review: its gud
game-hours: 7.9
review: A dragon got stuck in a tree while trying to eat me. 10/10 thank you tree.
game-hours: 199.0
review: I screamed at a chicken and an angry mob beat me to death with clubs. 46/23
game-hours: 14.4
review: It's like Skyrim with guns
game-hours: 19.0
review: 10/10 would bang
game-hours: 58.0
review: With workshop intergration, and the skyrim nexus, skyrim is one of the most replayable games you can purchase on steam. Although there can be bugs and glitches from time to time, this game for the most part plays perfectly. With the added HD textures DLC, plus other graphical inhancer mods, this game is beautiful. Many quests to choose from, some of the quest lines do feel rushed out or as some would call it "filler", but for the most part that game has some very intresting quests... I wouldn't call skyrim my favorite game of all time, but it's up there, definantly in my top 10...
game-hours: 47.3
review: The adventures in Elder Scrolls V are as good as it gets. They've done a truly remarkable job in making a beautiful world where you just want to see what lies around the next river bend or hilltop. Skyrim has set the benchmark for graphic excellence in gaming. Looking forward to see what they can do with this type of game when they add a more positive script to it!
game-hours: 61.0
review: wow. much game. very good. much buy
game-hours: 435.2
review: One of the best games I've ever played. Beautiful open world to explore and incredible replayability.
game-hours: 303.9
review: i greatly enjoyed the game and its has amazing replay value because of the modding community
game-hours: 1.8
review: this game though. the best fps fighter ive ever played
game-hours: 122.8
review: Decent game on it's own, Not as good as Morrowind or Oblivion but definitely an enjoyable game. Probably get around 10-15 hours out of the game without mods.
game-hours: 293.0
review: Epic game. Outstanding gameplay and graphics, intuitive controls, and one of the best leveling systems I've come across. Also has very high replay value, especially with the Workshop and mods.
game-hours: 178.6
review: Great game with many, many hours of game play
game-hours: 45.6
review: Really great game, lots of customisation and options and really good fun. DLC is awesome too. Would really recommend!
game-hours: 16.7
review: One of the best games ever created. Seriously, buy the game.
game-hours: 17.1
review: Want to see a dragon ? Play this :)
game-hours: 69.5
review: 11/10 really great game , once you played it you will play it more
game-hours: 172.2
review: A definite recommendation for this game! Large space for free roaming No obligations to any quest A huge number of add-ons Atmosphere (can be moded with add-ons) Huge number of quests Freedom to be whatever you want your character to be (assasin, hunter, warrior, tank mage, fat ninja, healer thief,...) Crafting (modable by add-ons)... On top of that - it has DRAGONS in it! Y U NO PLAY THIS EPIC EXPERIENCE!?
game-hours: 6.9
review: -Installs game -eats while game installs -graduates highschool while game installs -game installs -becomes girl -not enough boobs -installs nude mod -needs tissues and johnson baby lotion constantly -explores world -sees frost trolls -can take them on -more trolls -no fire spells -alt+f4 keys brake -uninstalls -installs -graduates law school while installs -360-69 will beat again
game-hours: 2102.2
review: Simply put, the best game since Baldur's Gate.* *When and if it works.
game-hours: 138.0
review: Killed an old woman. Stole a plate. Got arrested. (Because of the plate). Fought a dragon. Stole a crown. Got drunk. Became a werewolf. Killed bees with fire. Followed a talking dog. Visited the old dwarven cities. Killed robots. Became an assassin. Killed the emperor. Got beaten to death by a whole town for stealing a cabbage. Became a respected general. Fought bandits. Poisoned mead. Stole cabbage again. 10/10 would Skyrim again.
game-hours: 15.0
review: I set video resolution to ultra low and pretended to kill dragon with a . 10/10
game-hours: 208.0
review: Amazing. Of course that such a huge and complex world also has lacks some elements but it more than compensates through others ... if you want to know what I'm talking about, PLAY THE GAME - IT'S WORTH IT
game-hours: 76.0
review: I bought this game on xbox when it first came out. I was a huge fan of Oblivion and I knew I would love the next chapter. I completed nearly everything I could (even the DLC) and I still wanted more. So I decided to buy it on the PC and try out mods. Now my skyrim experience is never ending. 10/10
game-hours: 18.0
review: I love this game alot,from doing quests to enjoying the graphics of the game and i really think if people appreciate how much effort was put into it i think they will love this game as much as i do.Thank you for making one of my favourite games,and i hope you make more for me to enjoy.:)
game-hours: 10.9
review: This game is awesome!! Amazing story and extremely detailed =D
game-hours: 4.6
review: One of the best RPGs of all time. I love the console version but the mods on the pc are the best. The game will never get old.
game-hours: 52.0
review: could see my house on the other side off the world after i got hit by a gaint 10/10 would get hit again
game-hours: 161.4
review: There's always something to do in this epic game, just riding your horse and look around is amazing. The main quest is really cool, yet it's just a tiny piece of the game. One does not simply finish Skyrim! I can't write everything, it's seriously so much to know. To make it as short as possible; if you like to slay dragons and other evil creatures, look like a badass, help people with all sorts of tasks and travel through beautiful landscapes and scary dungeons, you HAVE to play this game.
game-hours: 77.2
review: Excellent game! use mods to enhance your experience and extra random fun, excellent for roleplay. Best game EVER!
game-hours: 32.1
review: Only got this game 3+ days ago and already I know I'm gonna invest at least 200-300 hours into it. The fun in this game just never stops,walk anywhere and you're gonna find something to do. That's the beauty of The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim.
game-hours: 35.7
review: Who needs a social life when you can play Skyrim instead?
game-hours: 17.0
review: A fantastic game. The graphics are amazing the story line is incredible this is one of the greatest games for the amount of money I spent on it which was 15. The amount of time you can spend playing this game and the amount of work put into it is insane and it was only 15. Buy This Game.
game-hours: 404.4
review: Skyrim   !
game-hours: 71.3
review: Amazing game, played it on the Xbox then I learned that the PC version supports mods, which added so much content.
game-hours: 107.0
review: "A sickness is upon this game, dragon sickness" This game is a sickness. It's like dragon sickness. Like the thrain. You become a monster with this game. You will play it like 5 hours , then you gonna say yourself, "i want to drink a cofee." While drinking cofee, you will just think about skyrim. while going to school/work etc. you will only think about skyrim. Skyrim will be everything to you. You gonna love it and at the same time you gonna hate it. it's like the one ring . This is the one game to rule all gamers. it will destroy your real life. in real world, you gonna think, "i dont belong here , i belong to skyrim". and also skyrim belongs to the nords, dont forget that. And one last think: if you want to live in real world, if you have a good social life and a happy family life, do not play this game! this game will make you crazy! You can do whatever you wanna do in skyrim. Even you can make your own world. You can mod everyting.(until it crashes.d) anyway i spent too much time writing this , i must return to skyrim ,alduin must be waiting for me . have fun.
game-hours: 331.1
review: Day 1: Am a kajiht (or whatever) wielding a battle axe. Day 2: Kill a chicken. Day 3: Am in jail for the rest of my life.
game-hours: 624.1
review: Alright 350 hours later, I'll finally write a "real" recommendation. It's the buggiest game I've ever played, NPC dialogue is recycled and annoying when walking by them, the textures look awful up close, AI is hilariously bad, melee combat is unvaried, etc. And yet despite all the flaws I can't get enough of this game, exploration is just so much fun and the world is fantastic. When you have mods it gets even better because there's thousands of them. The lore is rich and there's hundreds of books and notes to read. There's not as many spells as previous TES games but the spells look great and feel great provided you have a mod to make them scale to your level. The score is amazing despite some repetitive combat music. Models for items and creatures look great, blah blah blah. Technically the game is pretty bad but if you're able to get past that stuff, it's arguably the best open world game ever made. 10/10, game of the decade, would recommend to my cat, thumbs up, best game since duke nukem forever, etc.
game-hours: 54.7
review: awesome... old but still fun
game-hours: 767.4
review: I got this game in july 2014 and well look at my playtime. 20/10 p.s get the realistic fus ro dah mod make fus ro dah cooler.
game-hours: 40.1
review: If you haven't heard of this game... ARE YOU LIVING UNDER A DAMN ROCK?! This HAS to be my favourite games of ALL TIME. Yeah, the games a little gitchy, but its not Ride to Hell kinda glitchy, if anything the glitches are funny and helpful. OK, its not as 'RPG-y' as Oblivion or Morrowind, but c'mon, I see a lot of hate for Oblivion and Skyrim because 'They weren't the Morrowind 2 they had expected' (I'm looking at you, Samyoul Online) But c'mon, they are great games with great graphics, combat and scenery. 10/10 Over 100 hours of pure Awesomeness!
game-hours: 274.2
review: Base game is fantastic, mods make it even better. Choose between mod managers, use either NMM or steam workshop, not both.
game-hours: 135.4
review: Honestly, I'm recommending this game because just about anyone can find something enjoyable for quite some time. Now there are some caveats to this game. 1st. This game absolutely requires mods to run like a true RPG. It actually really needs mods to really shine in general. The graphics and textures get much better looking and everything that can be improved does get improved. This includes the staggering amount of small bugs that the game has. While these mods are easily accessible and there are entire sites dedicated to the installation and use of these mods, I personally believe that any game the needs mods to shine isn't that great of a game. The community IS that great, but the game isn't without its community to drive up the quality through mods. A good example of this would be the console versions of this game, which are clearly no where near as fun as the PC version, not because of some PC master race bias, but because the modding community really helps out. 2nd. This game can require some hardware that a casual gamer may not care to shell out for (myself included) and it really can deter from the experience of the game. It looks absolutely gorgeous on the console versions, and slightly better on the PC but you'd have to pay the very noticable price. If you're a very consistent PC gamer, or have the cash to spend you probably don't have to worry about this bit. 3rd. "Wide as an Ocean, Deep as a Puddle" accurately describes Skyrim. Combat is hack-and-slash, unless your are using the somewhat poor stealth system, which it then moves to a much slower placed hack-and-slash lulled by bouts of intermittent shuffling from cover to cover. Ranged combat takes place with either the bow, or the watered-down magic system which would make Oblivion and Morrowind fans quite sad. The magic creation abilities are gone, and the amount schools have been decreased and their viablility followed suit. You'll find that using magic in the endgame on harder difficulties without mods nigh impossible, but on lower difficulties it's very pheasible. There is no stat system in the game, which I assume was considered a streamlining attempt but ended up making absolutely no sense in-game. Think of it this way: Your legendary swordsman is as fast, strong, intelligent, charming, and lucky as any random peasant or homeless man because their is no stat sytem in-game to differintiate them. Weird, huh? The story is alright, but diehard fans of the series will be sorely dissapointed I believe. That's about all I have, if you read all this I appreciate it, and I hope it truly helps you either buy or turn away from this game, because I believe informed decisions are the best. Hope it helped!
game-hours: 6.4
review: Great Game
game-hours: 162.7
review: I love this game, i recommend this to anyone who enjoys rpg's.
game-hours: 362.7
review: been damn good so far very emmersive
game-hours: 51.0
review: This game will last you forever. Hundreds of hours of gameplay even without mods installed. A must-buy for all humans.
game-hours: 93.3
review: As a huge Elder Scrolls fan, I am pathetic when it comes to how many versions of this game I own. I have played Skyrim on PS3, Xbox 360, and then now on PC. It's a very well made game and I whole-heartedly love it. The open world and countless quests provide days or even weeks of fun rather than hours. I've noticed there are mods galore for the PC version so it's like adding even more time to that.
game-hours: 2.2
review: If You're looking for a great game with an extremely high replay value, even after having about 100+ Hours, I'd reccommend this. I don't have many hours on record for steam but on the PS3 I have close to 200 Hours on multiple accounts.
game-hours: 377.7
review: I wasted many an hour playing this game, would recommend
game-hours: 21.6
review: LIKE SKYRIM WITH SKYRIM 10/10
game-hours: 0.8
review: Awsome for people with fetishes that include; Dragons, nords, trolls, vampires, necros, mudcrabs, thalmor, wolves, kittens, the argonian named spreads-her-legs, and Vin Diesel.
game-hours: 7.8
review: worth
game-hours: 52.6
review: Endless quests! Epic graphics.
game-hours: 5.3
review: got this one on sale and man i`m glad i did
game-hours: 49.8
review: Never played an Elder Scrolls game before, more from the baldurs gate franchise side. Must admit didn't know if this was up my ally as I usually like having parties to control. Picked the game up on the xmas specials and after 7 hours can honestly say am really enjoying. One of the best games I have played in years.
game-hours: 18.4
review: Great Game! And the mods makes such a different!!
game-hours: 221.2
review: Hin kurlah saraan hi. Shur nu. Mahlov hin aluntiid ol vahzah Dovahkiin ahrk sav Keizaal nol Alduin. Werid Talos.
game-hours: 23.2
review: Hours of fun, even when you complete the game it's fun to mod
game-hours: 41.4
review: If you liiked Elder Scrolls IV : Oblivion you'll like this plus you get the addition of dragons! Great looking game but a bit of a grnd and you'll likely find yourself looking for the cheat codes after a few days of hacking through the same 20 feet of map. It's becoming a cult classic and frequently in the top 5 most active games on Steam. Just remember, it's a Bethesda game so expect a lot of dialog trees, walking (like a Hobbit), and puzzles along the way.
game-hours: 144.3
review: Pretty great, but I had to mod the crap out of it to completely enjoy it. There are lots of 3rd party fixes to most of the bugs, as well as an alternate start mod so you don't have to sit through the tedious opening or the point where you finish going through a cave just to get told to go fetch a rock in another cave. That is what the game consists of without mods. Bugs, caves, snow, caves, long waits, caves, rocks, caves, mountains, caves, dragons, and caves. With the Steam Workshop, you can solve that problem with the very mods that make this game worth it.
game-hours: 101.9
review: good game. draaaaaagons m888. gg.
game-hours: 228.6
review: I just can't say how many hours I poured into this... Avoid at all cost, it'll destroy your free time!
game-hours: 7.9
review: this game runs really good on my pc i love it
game-hours: 122.1
review: One of the best games of all time!
game-hours: 120.4
review: Got clubbed by a giant and was launched into orbit. 10/10 would orbit again.
game-hours: 383.5
review: This game cured me of AIDS!
game-hours: 562.0
review: Spent a little bit of time playing this and heres what you need to know if your iffy about buying this game. 1. This game requires patience in some matters due to npcs being very slow at times. 2. You can fast travel through areas if you dont wish to walk. (i recommend walking to ares because you can get cool random encounters and the scenery is pretty nice looking.) 3. The combat system in this game is great, although high level magic can kill you really easily. 4. ALWAYS REMEMBER TO SAVE, if you die and havent saved recently GGNORE. That is all. 8/8 Not enough water.
game-hours: 85.3
review: one of the best games ever
game-hours: 354.4
review: 10/10 use drugs, drink alot, steal all the time and shout with enough force to kill someone. my kind of game.
game-hours: 193.6
review: Spawned 50 Braiths. Shouted them off a cliff. 10/10
game-hours: 393.1
review: The world`s best game. Thanks Bethesda! Your the best.
game-hours: 127.4
review: Well its skyrim
game-hours: 202.5
review: Endless amounts of mods, dragons, and ulimited hours of gameplay, on sale frequently get the Legendary Edition as most mods now require them.
game-hours: 141.9
review: I freaking LOVE this game. So many things to do, so many people to kill (innocent or guilty) its your choice. Something giving you trouble? Console up some uber armor, Hp pots, Swords, whatever the heck you want ot dont cheat and go Hardcore on their Dragon Behinds. This is one of my desert island top 5 games, easily with no doubt. Probably number 1 actually, only competing with Torchlight 2 and Sacred 2. BUY it with your money, heck someone else's money just GET IT!! Tell em Dave sent you.
game-hours: 170.2
review: There's a learning curve to properly modding Skyrim, but once you get it down, this game is ... IMHO, the greatest PC game of all time. Certainly the best RPG. My advice: use Mod Organizer instead of Nexus MM. Watch Gopher's MO tutorials on Youtube. MO leaves your Skyrim install folder in virgin condition, and makes it easy to switch between mod sets, as well as manage your save games and other features. My must have mod list: * Unofficial Patches (for Skyrim, Dawnguard, Dragonborn, and Hearthfire) * SkyUI * Climates of Tamriel * Static Mesh Improvement Mod * Skyrim HD * Enhanced Lights and Effects (ELFX) * Audio Overhaul for Skyrim 2.0 * Amazing Follower Tweaks * Convenient Horses * Immersive Weapons * Immersive Armor * High Quality World Map (with Roads) * Xenius Character Enhancement * Ultimate HD Fire Effects There are many more great ones, but those are my "core" mods. Skyrim Legendary is a masterpiece and contains endless hours of immersive content. At $13.59, it's one of the greatest values in the history of gaming.
game-hours: 140.0
review: Prepair for a game like no other, as you embark on a great quest to reach the cloud district and prove Nazeem wrong. Then attempt to kill him for mocking your entire life, and instead end up battling endless guards; thus racking up a bounty high enough to buy all of skyrim and destroy the Thalmor forever. And once you do this, you might even be interested in playing the main story line.
game-hours: 48.7
review: .. its amazing.. but I bought it the other day for the legendary edition for $40.. and now its on sale for $14...
game-hours: 348.1
review: The best game I have played in 30 years of playing games.
game-hours: 102.5
review: Really fun if you like knights, dragons, vikings, Gods, Demons, etc.
game-hours: 11.2
review: Sweet Rolls for the Dragon Born and friends, from The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, following as close to the in game recipes as possible. Warning, abuse of moon sugar can cause tooth decay. Use at your own risk! Sweet Rolls 1/2 tsp from Salt Pile 1/4 cup from Jug of Milk 2 cups from Sack of Flour 2 sticks (1 cup) of Butter 5 Chickens Eggs 1 1/2 tsp Extract from Vanilla Plant 1 2/3 cups Moon Sugar (aka granulated sugar) (you can add in 1 tsp of baking powder to assist in rising, but if you whip the butter and eggs enough, you wont need it) For the glaze: 4 TB Butter 2 TB from Jug of Milk 2 cups Powdered Moon Sugar (aka confectioners sugar) 1 tsp Extract from Vanilla Plant Sweet roll pan (mini bundt pan) Step 1: Gather Ingredients 1. Gather your ingredients and allow to reach room temperature. Preheat your hearth to 350 degrees F. 2.Cream the butter and sugar together and beat until fluffy (at least five minutes). 3. Slowly add in each chickens egg and beat well. Add the milk or cream. 4. Add the flour, salt and vanilla extract and stir gently until mixed. 5. Pour into greased swell roll pans and bake until golden, about 20 minutes. Allow to cool. Step 2: Glaze and Consume 1. For the glaze, melt the butter and add in the milk. 2. Slowly mix in the powdered sugar and vanilla. Drizzle over cooled sweet rolls. 3. Do not fight any dragons for 30 minutes after consuming more than 5 sweet rolls.
game-hours: 104.5
review: What is there to say about Skyrim? The first thing that pops in to my head is that this game is simply the best game ever. worth every septim 20/10
game-hours: 62.7
review: It's like Skyrim with... oh wait. 10/10
game-hours: 192.0
review: Subtract everything you hate about past elder scrolls games, add everything you love, add a better engine that does not crash on you every 10 minutes and is not a steaming pile of bugs, pretty up everything, make the faces cooler and make just about everything better and you have skyrim. This game is a masterpiece.
game-hours: 167.9
review: Great Game. Very Intriguiging Story Plot. Good game for people who like magic, swords, and story. Tons of side-quests as well that make the game very fun and almost endless. Nice music soundtrack also sets the mood. I suggest playing with the volume up high and probably at night so you won't be disturbed. Its very annoying to be bothered while playing this kind of game. Overall Great Game. My Scoring Would Be A 9.5
game-hours: 217.9
review: gooby
game-hours: 12.7
review: If you kill a chicken, you better take the witnesses with you.
game-hours: 82.1
review: I like this game, sad that I any game I have to buy to play, I have to Download Crack Types, so I can Play. I never have the money to buy things. Which sucks.
game-hours: 274.7
review: Gets a little bit boring after few hours, but I'd give it 11/10 If you still hesitate... Buy it! Just do it. You can trust me on this one :)
game-hours: 65.7
review: This game is a good game.
game-hours: 135.4
review: 69/420 best adventure/RPG game i've ever played and got rekt by a crab.
game-hours: 10.4
review: I love this Game.
game-hours: 65.9
review: so good i bought it again on steam.
game-hours: 18.8
review: What more can be said about Skyrim? In my opinion it's the best Bethesda game ever made, which also makes it one of the best open world games ever made. It's aged a bit since release, but it's still gorgeous. The amount of things to see and do is staggering; my first playthrough of the campaign totalled 80 hours and I still hadn't seen half of the content. Skyrim was also a cultural phenomenon, sparking Internet memes left and right that will be remembered for years. If you haven't played it, you're missing out.
game-hours: 102.6
review: One of the greatest RPG's ever made. Incredible amount of content, fun game mechanics, great customization and great mithos. Seriously recommended
game-hours: 257.6
review: Like Skyrim with Skyrim. 10/10
game-hours: 6.0
review: sck
game-hours: 1.8
review: Story- 8/10 Graphics- 9/10 Combat- 7/10 Fun Factor- 10/10(with and without mods) Overall- 9.5/10 I do still prefer the Fallout series over the Elder Scrolls. Due to Fallout just being more fun with VATS and a more engaging storyline and world IN MY OPINION, but seriously, Skyrim is one of the best. Now bring on Fallout 4 already!!! *Disregard my steam hours, played hundreds of hours on console.
game-hours: 87.0
review: be a true gamer and take an arrow to the knee
game-hours: 113.2
review: Killing dragons with a key blade. What more could you want?
game-hours: 36.6
review: broke it with mods xd
game-hours: 8.3
review: BUY IT NOW
game-hours: 180.8
review: I'm sorry if this is too opinionated but this is the best game I have ever played! You can explore an enourmous diverse wilderness with towns and fight everything on the way, IT'S YOUR CHOICE... I used to play this on PS3 so my steam playtime is deceiving by quite a margin. I bought it on PC too because the graphics have a slight improvement potential with mods.
game-hours: 294.6
review: Flippin fantastic
game-hours: 185.6
review: Aln oynayn :))
game-hours: 94.8
review: At this point, if you do not have Skyrim, I don't think there is any help for you. It's a game that needs to be owned by every Steam user, XBOX/Play Station player, and be in the dreams of every small child yet to have a gaming system. That's just the way it is, so buy this game - and don't cheap out - BUY THE LEGENDARY EDITION or you ain't nothing.
game-hours: 0.9
review: amazing game with amazing soundtrack
game-hours: 233.8
review: Such an awesome game, you can be enthralled by it for days at a time by exploring the vast amount of places and quests, you'll be busy for a while if you get it.
game-hours: 10.8
review: really nice game buy it :D !
game-hours: 0.4
review: this game is cool
game-hours: 226.4
review: Immersion, modifications, nsfw, music, skyboxes, sweeping vistas, spooky caves. Recommended.
game-hours: 32.9
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 41.4
review: i love this game it is one of my very highley recemended games if you dont own it you shuold buy its great
game-hours: 27.3
review: Overall, a really amazing game that gives the player a lot to explore and learn about the huge world of the elderscrolls. In detail, this review being in 2014, i'd give: gameplay : 8/10 story : 9/10 graphics : 7/10 (without mods) sound : 7.5/10 A great purchase for those looking for a deep medieval/nordic style RPG
game-hours: 130.1
review: THIS GAME IS AMAZING ,JUST BUY IT ,I HAVE HAD IT FOR A MONTH AND I HAVE PUT AT LEAST 85 HOURS INTO IT .
game-hours: 101.2
review: 10/10 would bang.
game-hours: 10.6
review: So much to do on this game. Also looks way better than any console version by a million lightyears. Turned on the Xbox 360 version the other day and almost threw up. Buy this.
game-hours: 324.3
review: Best fantasy RPG I have ever played.
game-hours: 10.5
review: i have to admit i was pretty skeptical about skyrim at first but once i realized i could take the womens clothes off i was drawn in #wouldrecomend
game-hours: 296.7
review: It's perfect!
game-hours: 168.5
review: Though perhaps not reaching the heights of the previous Elder Scroll games for many die-hard veterans of the series, TES: Skyrim is nonetheless respectable. We must acknowledge that value should not be derived comparatively, but independently. In this way, and from this perspective, we can confidently conclude that TES: Skyrim reaches a veritable height and is deserving of the greatest praise, and regardless of its rank among your favorite games, it most definitely deserves a try.
game-hours: 52.6
review: Bye social life 10/10
game-hours: 99.5
review: A M A Z I N G
game-hours: 31.9
review: Start the game, Mod it with 100+ mods, save corrupt, rinse and repeat 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 46.5
review: Where to start. Again, open world, missions, enemies, challenges, castles, weapons, armor, magic, shouts, and really good main story. One of my personal favorites ;). With 78 hours on the record, this is a gggrrreaaaatttt, great, great first-person action game. (So amazing, I ran out of periods in my quotes)
game-hours: 159.6
review: Doesnt live up to the fanboys ball sucking reviews of bethesdas games, bout 50 hours game time before you will get bored but thats enough game time and fun for the price of zee game 7/10
game-hours: 145.5
review: Amazing game no complaints!
game-hours: 167.0
review: awesome game just buy it!
game-hours: 62.1
review: This game. For starters I am a HUGE fan of bethesda games and elder scrolls series. After absolutely  Oblivion I was circumed to buying Skyrim. Originally bought on my ps3, I grabbed it as a bargain in the steam sales and exams has been a blocker for me. The mods are simple but great and it has a gripping storyline. One of the best games I've ever played. To put you in the steps of the saviour of Tamriel again is a great feeling. Would recommend to everyone and their Grandmas. 11/10
game-hours: 157.7
review: i love it
game-hours: 3.9
review: I have spent over 200 hours on this game and it still have fun gameplay to offer. The modder community is creative and wacky
game-hours: 4.7
review: The Best RPG Game Ever? Oblivion Can Compete Easily But Theyre The Same Franchise So I Say The ES Series Will Never Let Us Down, Besides ESO... Thats .
game-hours: 157.8
review: Its a giant game
game-hours: 21.1
review: great game
game-hours: 144.9
review: Modded it until it wouldn't even launch anymore, then uninstalled and redownloaded it months later. Proceeded to spend 7 hours of my day modding it all over again. 10/10 would waste the better part of a day considering downloading anime character packs again.
game-hours: 28.1
review: Best game ever, Mods are cool game is unlimited fun, an immersive exprerience ina fantasy world, you live your own adventure if you want, you play like you want. Nothing to add
game-hours: 184.9
review: O jogo mais stico que joguei at o momento!!! Ele puro  meio enjoativo, mas tem uma boa trama na histria e um certo drama perto do final( Paarthunax :sad: ) O maior diferencial  a quantidade de "mods" que voc pode instalar no jogo. Com alguns voc consegue fazer o jogo fica muito mais interessante e com muitos mais voc nunca vai querer parar de jogar. Ele tem seus bugs coo qualquer jogo, na verdade ele  meio cheio de bugs, mas graas aos 6214161681616148168 milhes de mods voc consegue contornar isso facil. Outra coisa interessante  que mesmo depois de tantos anos do lanamento do game, ainda existem projetos em andamento de mods e atualizaes constantes dos ja existentes! Skyrim  para a vida toda!!!
game-hours: 320.3
review: Vanilla game is a disgrace, modded it's absolutely amazing (pretty much the same as with Fallout).
game-hours: 393.8
review: There aren't words to really describe how vast and varied and addicting this game is. All I can say is this game gives new meaning to the word "content".........so.much...content. So many things to do, people to see, books to read, places to go, things to kill, dungeons to loot, ways to slay, ways to play. Just get it and see why this game rules. Plus the modding. 10/10.
game-hours: 29.0
review: Took me about 8 hours to remember that I had a life in the real world. Ruined it. 10/10
game-hours: 165.6
review: Its like farcry with swords.
game-hours: 163.7
review: An amazing Game. Made by an amazing company. With amazing mods and endless fun. Why are you looking at this review anyway? BUY! BUY! BUY!
game-hours: 45.0
review: Do haut's eich in Beidl auf'd Seit'n. !!!
game-hours: 537.4
review: Dragons shouted at me and little did they know I could shout back at them. Now I shout bears off cliffs. sweetroll/10
game-hours: 186.1
review: Realy awesome game :D and at the steam workshop there is a mod installer
game-hours: 194.0
review: One of the best games I ever played. Most atmospheric Bethesda game, best voice acting from a Bethesda game but a bit lack luster in content in comparison to previous Elder Scrolls installments. Nonetheless, it is still a fun and enjoyable game to play and made only better with the modding community. HIGHLY recommend to mod the game. P.S. Hail Ulfric and the Stormcloaks!
game-hours: 100.4
review: This game is amazing, it is one of the best RPGs out there. Gameplay is fun, addicting, and compelling. The graphics are great and mods make the game much better. Even though I am 30 hrs (at time of posting) in, I am not even close to finishing it. This game will take around 300+ hrs to beat the whole thing not including DLC. Pros -Very Long -Replayable -Fun -Amazing Graphics -Helpful Community -Moddable -Simplistic Controls -Compelling Storyline -Low end computers can run fairly well -Create your own character Cons -Some bugs and glitches here and there -No multiplayer aspect other than Steam -Some beginner battles may be challenging Rating 9.5/10 Even though there are bugs and glitches here and there, the game is overall very fun and very customizable. P.S. If you do happen to get this game, get the Legendary Edition.
game-hours: 168.3
review: Skyrim is the ultimate video game. Period. There is always something to do, even after you beat the game. The depth of detail and creative realism is astounding. Glitches abound, but overall the pros outweigh the cons.
game-hours: 195.0
review: Skyrim has got to be one of the best games of all time. The graphics look great, gameplay is solid, voice-acting and music is superb, story is epic, and there are thousands and thousands of things or places to or explore. After the first mission, you are free the roam the entire state of Skyrim, with nine main cities and hundred of small towns and villages, and a vast countryside, as well as countless snowy mountains for you to climb. Basically, Skyrim is an RPG action-adventure game, where you can create your own unique character, and explore the world. You could go the College of Winterhold, to learn new magic spells, and also uncover some interesting secrets. You could go to Dark Water Crossing, and mine ores and sell them. You could go to Riften and join the Thieve's guild and do various missions, or join the Dark Brotherhood and kill the Emperor. Or explore the wilderness and kill several interesting types of animals, including the long-awaited dragons, and sell their pelts or skin for gold, or even use them to craft things. And with the mods on PC, there are unlimited possibilities. Skyrim really is the game that never, ever ends.
game-hours: 98.7
review: Nice game, creative story and gameplay. It is fun to replay it using a different style such as Archer, or Warrior.
game-hours: 320.5
review: I keep breaking it with mods 10/10
game-hours: 17.1
review: This game makes my nipples delicious
game-hours: 430.3
review: What can i say that hasnt been said already, its Skyrim, its great.
game-hours: 54.0
review: I recommend this game because,have a big world,with many RPG elements,you can make anything:ride a horse,fight with a dragon,speak with people,buy and sell items.Graphic of this game is very realistic,and is very optimized game,you need a good rig to play this game,but deserve.
game-hours: 35.7
review: Slay a dragon, hero. Slay a chicken, biggest criminal. 10/10
game-hours: 105.7
review: Looking for an RPG with endless content? Skyrim offers a ton of mods through its community . If you are new to the series or just finished playing oblivion this game is for you either way, it brings a new experience to the gaming world and you won't be dissapointed.
game-hours: 199.6
review: I have lost billions of hours just running around this place. <3
game-hours: 32.1
review: i'm glad to be a part of the best RPG game ever.
game-hours: 2034.7
review: The Best game EVER!!!
game-hours: 9.6
review: Eric Clapton - Cocaine Now back to the review; good game, dragons, swords, and a whole medieval vibe. The one setback is the lack of Eric Clapton - Cocaine. Thanks for your time.
game-hours: 431.5
review: Insane detail, great story with hundreds of choices.. and best of all, DRAGONS.
game-hours: 164.5
review: GG, 10/10 would buy
game-hours: 34.4
review: add another 500 hours from my xbox
game-hours: 344.9
review: Brilliant! The fun doesn't end!
game-hours: 440.8
review: If this game was a potato, it would be an amazingly good potato.
game-hours: 356.7
review: If you like a non-linear game experience, this is the game for you. Follow the quest line, or go off and see the world. Hours and Hours of game play. Check out the steam workshop for all of the Mods. Refine the game for your style of play. Skyrim is not just a game, it's a way of life.
game-hours: 87.6
review: One of the greatest games of all time
game-hours: 35.4
review: I shouted a goat off a mountain. 11/10
game-hours: 229.3
review: It's hard not to appreciate a lot of what Skyrim does well. It is a vast game world with a lot of detail. Visually impressive with enough content that demands hundreds of hours of gameplay if you wish to explore it all. As it turns out, I did put in a few hundred hours. The mods, never forget the mods. This is a big part of just about any elder scrolls game and deserves to get some attention. Oblivion had an impressive array of mods and Skyrim boasts the same if not more. What's disappointing however is that I came away from the vanilla game unsatisfied. I completed the majority of the content but just had to drop the game before even getting to the Dragonborn DLC. This is after taking several long breaks between playing it. To put it simply, the game is just downright glitchy. I hate to put that in writing because for a game this size, it's bound to have some problems. Some quests (mostly secondary or side quests) just won't complete. Saving often is a necessity so get used to pressing F5 a lot to quick save. If you're into achievements, there are several that may not unlock and what's disappointing is that some of them have requirements that can take a long time to complete (Oblivion Walker for example - 2 separate play throughs and nothing). But ultimately, after finishing the main quest line, it didn't feel very epic. The voice acting started to get to me when you hear the same 3-4 voices and you really want to start murdering everyone you come across (which to the game's credit, you can do if you so desire). I so badly wanted to love this game. The hype got to me as well as the positive reviews. The first time I took down a dragon, it was rather exhilarating. But for me, it all went downhill from there and plateaued in an above average experience (not epic). The game is plenty difficult for those wanting a challenge and you can adjust the difficultly at will. I for one, love a challenge and kept it maxed out at Legendary. This fact alone is probably what kept me coming back. Until I got to a higher level, nearly every encounter was a challenge and required quick action, use of potions, on occasion different gear and maneuvering. But...the glitches... I'm ballparking it but I'd say at least 40-50 hours of my game time was devoted to reloading saves to get around bugs and game glitchiness. That's roughly 20% of my time playing this game. Last but certainly not least, after my first play through I went ballistic with mods. The vast amount of community content is staggering. If anything, that is the most impressive aspect of Skyrim. I'm of the opinion that this fact alone has helped keep Skyrim near and dear to many gamers. I can see why, the community contributions (free I might add) in many cases, out-do content in the vanilla game. It is not my intention to belittle what Bethesda has accomplished with Skyrim either. I am but a lowly gamer (years late to the Skyrim party) that just took issue with a few aspects of the experience. An experience that was overall positive with a few reservations. So despite my misgivings...I still need to give it my recommendation. If you want an open world, detailed, vast and moddable game, Skyrim checks all of those boxes. As it stands right now, there really isn't a game like it.
game-hours: 154.6
review: It's like skyrim with skyrim Yepp... that was it Why are you still here? This is skyrim! Buy it already! GO PLAY
game-hours: 22.8
review: If you are into RPG/FRP games and you want to be inside the game as yourself instead of seeing the character from up top, and of course you dont like team play, this is the one for you. In fact play the entire series of Elders Scrolls from the beginning, my recommendation would be to play at least Morrowind and Oblivion first then move on to this one, you'll get the stories and place names better plus the story lines are loosely connected.
game-hours: 45.8
review: It's like Skyrim, with guns. Oh wait...
game-hours: 789.0
review: Best. freaking. game. ever!
game-hours: 113.8
review: Filled Jorrvaskr with cheese, spawned 5 Sheogoraths, and then fell through the ground. 10/10 would do the fishstick again.
game-hours: 107.7
review: killed a chicken got wanted by every region gg
game-hours: 318.9
review: Absolutely FANTASTIC best RPG ever thousands of hours of content so great gives me something to do when im bored :D
game-hours: 235.5
review: Best game ever. get it or die bish.
game-hours: 125.4
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is one of the best games I've ever played! I'm not much of an expert on video games, though. Even still, the game is HUGE, with an excellent combat system (I recommend playing in the first-person view when fighting), tons of weapons and armor, countless side quests along the main story and so much more! Plus, dragons! What is there NOT to love?! I recommend getting the legendary edition, as the DLC provides you with a lot of opportunities you wouldn't get elsewise in the game and not just additional storyline. 10/10
game-hours: 251.4
review: This is one of my favorites, but still not as good as Morrowind (IMO only). If you liked any of the prior Elder Scrolls games, then grab this and make sure to take a close look at the mods, as they can add tons of fun things to the game. If you are new to RPGs or slightly interested, then still get it - if you aren't an RPGer, but like action/adventure, then yes, still get it :) - you can lose yourself for hours in the gameworld. Now that there are pretty much literally TONS of mods for this, there isn't any reason you shouldn't own this. There are mods that remove all of the hand-holding Bethesda built into the game, such as fast travel, quest markers, etc. Mods that add realistic hunger and thirst, as well as exposure to the elements. Mods that fix bugs in the base game and DLC. Basically there is a mod for practically anything you can think of. So if you were one of those people on the fence, time to make the leap and buy it. Oh - if you have problems with the in-game physics or graphical issues of any sort - get the FPS Limiter patch (trust me on this one).
game-hours: 77.0
review: If one day I was faced with the choice of only being able to play one game for the rest of my life this would be it. Even the vanilla version and all the following DLC is so expansive one could play on forever. Even if you complete the main storyline, that is if you are not side-tracked by all the lovely side quests, you can always play it again with a completely different character and mindset. Wreak havoc with big hammers, sneak what your mama gave you, crave the pink mist as a bow sniper, or just Harry Potter some fools with your awesome magic. However in all seriousness Skyrim although not as intricate as it's predcessor Obilivion it creates an ambience like no other game can acheive so far. It has powerful rendering capabilites, a great environment, great sounds, great effects, and most importantly satisfying gameplay. I highly reccomend this title and all of it's DLC. While your at it also make sure to check out the Skyrim Nexus for extra content that adds litterally decades worth of value to an already worthwhile game.
game-hours: 522.6
review: I have played +500 hours on this game, I'm still discovering new quests and areas! This game is massive, easily worth every cent. If you want a game that can keep you captivated for weeks at a time...grab a horned helmet because Skyrim calls you!!
game-hours: 92.0
review: Dragons and magic all that is needed
game-hours: 86.6
review: Its Skyrim! Need anyone say more. You can always find yourself coming back for more. Even after beating the game 5 times over I am still doing stuff differently. Great investment; a lot of bang for your digital buck.
game-hours: 105.4
review: it's awsome and cool even better if you mod it!
game-hours: 243.3
review: Beautifully rendered open world with picturesque landscapes. Engaging and intuitive combat and gameplay mechanics. Rich backstory with worlds of lore to uncover. One of the biggest mod communities ever. YES PLEASE. Mostly good voice acting, but a little repetitive and heartless at times. Too much stuff to really find in one play through, easy to lose yourself (both a good and bad thing). Those things are easy to get over.
game-hours: 247.0
review: Best.Game.Ever.
game-hours: 267.1
review: With well over 1000 hours in total (And more to come)(I have the game on Xbox aswell), Along with over 100 mods, I can say that this game is one of the best games I have played In quite some time. Playing through the main storyline and side storylines countless times, Finding new ways to handle different situations everytime, along with new loot and followers. Everytime I get bored, I install new mods, Never staying bored for long. Worth every cent. 11/10 P.s. Killed a chicken in Riverwood and they never forgave me...
game-hours: 26.0
review: This game is freakin' sex.
game-hours: 75.4
review: God i love this game. You need to head over to nexus mod and you will find so much great stuff for this game.
game-hours: 11.8
review: to good
game-hours: 164.0
review: Dude... Like, dude, i's got dragons! and dude, they totally... listen dude... they totally like, fly every where! DRAGONS dude! Like lizards and, are you listening? Like Lizards with like wings and DUDE IT'S AWESOME.
game-hours: 126.1
review: Definetly worth the money, great world and awesome adventure, best with DLC's. :3
game-hours: 478.3
review: Chickens are more important then the high king. 11/10
game-hours: 240.7
review: It's so cheap that I want to buy it again :')
game-hours: 56.5
review: One of my favorite games. It is so much fun and overall its a beast game.
game-hours: 459.3
review: I was willing to spend 400 hours playing this game, and willing to spend 400 more hours just to explore the diverse, and beautiful world of skyrim!
game-hours: 225.1
review: Ansolutely Great Game So much to do Your never finished Oh, and the mods are nice too :)
game-hours: 174.6
review: This game is probably one of the best games I've ever played. The amount of choices are infinite and you can shape your character in any way. I've hardly ever experienced glitches, and the gameplay is entertaining. THis game will take up hours of your life, and there's so much to do!
game-hours: 25.0
review: I LOOOOOOOVE- Heimskr
game-hours: 166.0
review: got shot in the knee while adventuring... 10/95 would play again
game-hours: 169.0
review: SKYYYYYYRIIIIIIIMMMMM!!!!!!, whats not to love about this game, from its amazing open world to the whole variety of diffrent charicters, and the freedome to make actual dicisions that effect the course of your gameplay!!!!!!!. This game is loads of fun and will keep you entertained for a long time (seriously!). And runs great on the pc, bethesda did a very nice job at ways to fix fps, issues and really put effort into making an amazing game. RECOMENDED :D
game-hours: 51.0
review: Anti-chicken abuse simulator 2014 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 95.7
review: 10 out of 10 would rate again
game-hours: 46.8
review: This is one of my favorite games all time. All of the lore back into this game is crazy. I definity reccomend buying it.
game-hours: 213.2
review: Buy 1 game + 3 DLCs, get mods, and then you have infinite games.
game-hours: 445.3
review: Thanks Bethesda for an amazing base game, and thanks nexus for making this infinitely better.
game-hours: 30.3
review: dat epic game the time goes so ing fast when u play this game a really must have!
game-hours: 212.9
review: Goodbye, sun.
game-hours: 93.8
review: Do you want to waste countless hours of your life? Me too! You should play skyrim
game-hours: 424.4
review: Like Skyrim with Skyrim
game-hours: 693.0
review: Buy this game. Mod this game. I've put several hundreds of hours into this game and with each journey out into the tundra I discover something new. Mods keep the game fresh, but at its core, this is just another well made TES game. I highly recommend a decent computer and a horrible social life.
game-hours: 93.1
review: Totally recommend , it will make you stuck with the game and environment Buy it!
game-hours: 102.2
review: One of the best games I ever played (if not the best...)
game-hours: 2.6
review: If you are looking for a lifelike and immersive customizable game Skyrim is the game for you. This game has an incredible amount of detail in world design, every single building in this game is accesable. There are literally thousands of items in thsi game, everything from weapons, equipment, armour, potions, keys and much more. This game has an immense world full of detail with hundreds of quests to do, the best part is it's up to you what you want to do. You can change the course of history within the game in so many ways, you can do any of them whenever you want (There is a little bit you have to do at the beginning however). This game is a true masterpiece, I highly recomend.
game-hours: 217.9
review: Definitely one of my favorite games on steam
game-hours: 146.1
review: Greatest game I've ever played. Richest backstory, best graphics, the most immersive game world. Greatest game ever made. Period.
game-hours: 304.5
review: One of the best games out of are time
game-hours: 441.6
review: You are not a true gamer if you havn't played Skyrim. One word. Epic! This game is epic! Do you fricken understand me! If you don't i will come to you and slap you and make you buy it! And the DLC! Do you understand!! Sorry I got a little carried away.
game-hours: 7.2
review: Fun: 10/10, You can play this for hours, and mods extend time greatly. Thousands of quests to enjoy Audio: 9/10 The voice acting is good and certain songs and themes stick in your head days after the game is finished Graphics: 9/10 Very good looking game, that can be improved further with mods Creativity: 10/10 The game is very open world and unique, and mods can increase what you can do Modablity: 10/10 Thousands of mods to enjoy. Player homes, quests, companions, it's endless what you can do. Multiplayer: N/A There is no Multiplayer in this game. Smoothness: 8.5/10 Almost all bugs have been patched Replayability: 10/10 Large amount of quests and mods leave you playing the game multiple times Time To Finish Entirely: Between 200 - 500 hours. Time extended with mods My Rating: 10/10 This game is a masterpiece and well worth your money. Grab it while it's on sale! Authors Note: I have a low amount of playtime on my account for this game because I had played it on Console first and then bought the game again for PC while it was on sale for the mods. Total number of hours I've invested into this game surpasses 200.
game-hours: 31.8
review: It's Elder Scrolls what more could you expect other then pure perfection. If you even liked The Elder Scrolls: Oblivion you should play this game, so much to do and every new game you start with a new charcter is like a new game all over. There is so much to exploer and every single town, dungeon, any place really is so unique. I have no reason to right a good review because this game came out we've all heard it a million times, this is game is perfection!
game-hours: 292.7
review: Awesome
game-hours: 2691.2
review: So much to do, so many different paths you can take. There is a reason I love Bethesda games and Skyrim embodies all of them. To start, I love the movement and combat system. It is realistic enough, but leaves the wiggle room I enjoy to take advantage of certain mechanics. I love RPGs, but get frustrated with a lot of the ones that force you along a linear path. Within the first couple hours you can open up most anywhere on the map if you choose, and you really can individualize your fighting style without too many major issues. Sure, like most games, there are certain styles that can be more impactful, but in the end there isn't really one style that is head and shoulders above the rest to the point that it makes no sense to do anything else. It is easy to put countless hours into just exploring and hoarding, but it can be beaten fairly quickly if you choose to be direct. Admittedly, I haven't seen much of the DLC (shocking with the amount of time I have on the game), but that is coming soon on my to-do list.
game-hours: 59.0
review: 10/10
game-hours: 302.6
review: Crash, Crashes, Crash Bandicoot, Crashes more times than Lewis Hamilton... but I love the game.
game-hours: 73.5
review: honestly one of the best games in this generation. it has been the one game to hold my attention for almost 3 years now. I originally bought it for Xbox and again now for PC. i would rate it very highly due to its stunning graphics, dynamic quests and captivating story. it lacks simple get this item quests and replaces them interesting dungeons that each have their own story which if you take the time can be fascinating. followers and NPCs seem more intellegent than other games and the DLCs add depth and a whole new story. if you play this game, expect hours of exploration and very quality narrative.
game-hours: 266.7
review: quit your job and play till you die
game-hours: 15.6
review: da best game eva!
game-hours: 36.3
review: I had a good sleep before i bought this game. Now, i dont know what sleep is anymore. This game is a sin, a beautiful sin. 10/10
game-hours: 74.3
review: HUEHUEHUEHUEHUE
game-hours: 28.4
review: If every dungeon in the game were 8 year old boys and the dragonborn was my Dik, I would.....
game-hours: 55.4
review: Good
game-hours: 57.8
review: Mod it till it you make it a 10/10
game-hours: 138.3
review: YOU! YOU THERE! DO YOU THINK THAT OBLIVION WAS COOL? DID YOU THINK THAT FALLOUT WAS COOL? DID YOU THINK THAT THESE GAMES IN GENERAL ARE PRETTY DANG AWESOME? THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU!
game-hours: 241.0
review: very nice game. start on lower diffuculty though unless you like being sent to a loading screen every 15 min.
game-hours: 65.3
review: One of the best game ever,if you like RPGs,you should definitly buy this one,tons of contents,and never gets boring!
game-hours: 431.8
review: A dragon stomped on me, bit my head, and threw me off a mountain. 10/10
game-hours: 32.5
review: Great game,Great story, Great replayability, Hundreds of missions, and just wonderful scenery, also dont forget of the awsome bugs that are mostly loved
game-hours: 351.9
review: good
game-hours: 2.7
review: One of the best RPGs I ever played and probably even will play. Though gameplay progressed only a little bit from The Elder Scrolls III: Morrowind and graphics requirement may be a little bit too much, it's still one of the most sophisticated, gorgerous and surprising games out there. Conclusion: A true epos about brave men, beautiful women and legends about dragons, f#%* yeah! what else do you need? 5/5
game-hours: 128.8
review: Just AMAZING ! GO FOR it guys !
game-hours: 63.3
review: YA BEAUTYYYYYYYYY
game-hours: 48.2
review: Fun game, you can run around and kill . You level your dovahkiin up, fight dragons and kill more . Great with mods.
game-hours: 25.4
review: So contrary to what my gametime hour log looks like, I've played like 475hours (250 one game, 200 another and 25 on my current one). Not only did I spend my time becoming a cave-dwelling game-monger sitting endlessly in a dark void of my room playing this game, but I infected others by showing them this game and they too became cave-dwellers. So now all my friends and I live in a cave. Best way to become cave-dwellers. 10/10
game-hours: 213.4
review: Skyrim can be summed up in one word. Brilliant. The gameplay is brilliant, and the world is immersive. The combat is balanced (most of the time) and the world is rich with lore. There are, however, some bugs though, many of which can be avoided, but some of them can be quite a pain. Bugs are more prominent when using a modded version, however. Skyrims world is beautiful yet harsh, and it has masses of content. Add on the ability to mod it to oblivion (no pun intended) and you have a great game. all together I give it a 9/10 because of the sheer beauty and immersion this game provides. It would be given a 10 if not for some relatively major bugs.
game-hours: 190.1
review: One Of the Bedst RPG ive Ever Played! 9.7 -10. A Must Have For All RPG Lovers.
game-hours: 17.8
review: really fun
game-hours: 68.6
review: its probly the best game ever
game-hours: 16.1
review: Joel!
game-hours: 161.4
review: BUY. THIS. GAME. It's so, so good. And if you think the vanilla version is good, wait till you see the flipping mods. I don't think I need to say WHY I'm recommending this game. Just buy it, and experience it yourself.
game-hours: 2.4
review: I wouldn't have expected any less from The Elder Scrolls series. It's a great game that has a little something for everyone. The sole thing I didn't enjoy as much as I did in Oblivion is that the game turned into more of a Dungeons and Dragons type thing as for the better part of the game that's all you seem to be doing. Luckily, the Daedric quests are great fun and provide a bit of much needed variety.
game-hours: 281.2
review: The graphics are amazing. The gameplay is incredible. The overall story plot is astounding, and the side quests are the icing on the cake! This game is just breathtaking, the scenery, the AI on the NPCs, to the items. Skyrim is truly an amazing game.
game-hours: 128.0
review: epic
game-hours: 254.3
review: best game ever made :D
game-hours: 141.6
review: One of the best action RPG games so far, as Bethesda has once again managed to expand The Elder Scrolls saga - this time with norse-themed adventure named after the frozen, snowy tundrous province Skyrim. Altrough not so original like it's predecessors - Oblivion or Morrowind - the newest addition to this wonderful series is heavily influenced by nordic and scandinavian folklore. While Morrowind was the most original place I've ever visited in game, and Oblivion managed to bring the feeling of Imperial Rome - Skyrim takes a different - albeit very common and not-so-original path - dragons, huscarls, fjords, hargravens and it's own version of Valhalla - Sovngarde. Pack your winter clothing - don't forget to bring your axes and horned helmets, and... be prepared for excellence - but not perfection, as Skyrim tries to grasp the throne of RPG genre - but it still cannot best it's older, more mature (and in my opinion flawless) siblings - Morrowind and Oblivion.
game-hours: 98.4
review: Skyrim, making giants follow you into the mountains so that you can shout them off. 10/10
game-hours: 33.5
review: this game is amazing, i got this game for 4 bucks, but i would pay 60 if had to. its hard to wrap your mind around when you consider this game has mod support. for those who dont understand what this game is, it is an open world rpg and its massive. 10/10
game-hours: 117.3
review: Huge open world RPG, lots of quests to do and many places to explore. Some of the quests I find boring, and the game also has an in game feature (especially on console) called a bug. If you go to the wiki and look at the bugs; you will most likely encounter every single one. I felt that the storyline to the game lacked, but its still a good game. If you don't like the story, just don't do it.
game-hours: 51.5
review: I personally loved this game. Its very expansive and you'll never run out of things to do, find, and kill. If you use mods your gonna get on at Christmas and get off at Christmas THE FOLLOWING YEAR! So, yes I very much love this game.
game-hours: 32.4
review: I enjoyed every second of TESV: Skyrim 10/10
game-hours: 160.1
review: This game is my Fav so Far
game-hours: 194.8
review: Too many mods will kill your game though. Totally worth it.
game-hours: 116.6
review: Definitely not the best TES game. Not by a longshot. Still, it's decent. I could sit here and write a scathing review of what I think Bethesda did wrong, but nobody really cares about that. If you're new to The Elder Scrolls or RPGs in general, you're probably going to enjoy this game. It's a big, open world with lots of things to do that really won't punish you for your actions. Sure, some of the choices you make are going to have an impact on the game world and all that, but nothing overly major. The leveling system is revamped and actually makes sense in a lot of ways, even if the developers didn't use it to its full potential. The combat is enjoyable and your enemies are always around the same level as your character, so things shouldn't get to difficult for you. If you're an older fan of the series, you're definitely going to need to get a few mods to get this game in a playable state. Or a lot of mods. Probably a lot. I heartily recommend Requiem to start off with. You're pretty much going to find a way to enjoy this game one way or another. There's a ton of mods out there for it, so you can potentially turn Skyrim into whatever you want it to be (or what it should've been... unfortunately there's not much that can be done for Bethesda's uncharacteristically ****** quest writing) if you know what you're doing and you take your time. And by "take your time," I mean don't be an idiot and go and find a bunch of mods and install them without reading the description/Readme (they are called that for a reason, you know). So um, yeah, after all of that rambling, I recommend this game.
game-hours: 122.0
review: ther has dogs on it, ye
game-hours: 191.4
review: Great Game, Almost Endless Replay-ability and immense Storylines.
game-hours: 14.1
review: Amazing game, graphics are outstanding with a very entertaining storyline.
game-hours: 51.8
review: Great game full of in-depth lore, and endless character possibilities, It is a very mod friendly game too.
game-hours: 133.0
review: Pretty much the best game of all time, 11/10 would reccomend
game-hours: 241.0
review: Very simply put , the best game ive plaed in years. There is somthing here for just about everyone. So many hours of enjoyment for the money invested , the best bang for you buck on steam. This is a must have!
game-hours: 168.7
review: This is the best game I've ever played, by far. It's so deep and there's so much you can do. 130 hours in, I ran out of big questlines to do and now I've been clearing all the dungeons I skipped over earlier in the game and redoing some old ones. With mods, the game can look like it was released last week, not over 3 years ago. Also I hate the Thalmor.
game-hours: 181.8
review: Between the PC version with Mods and the PS3 version I bought when this came out, I have hundreds of hours in Skyrim. Even still, I keep coming back. Some of the Elder Scrolls purists might criticize saying it's not Morrowind or Oblivion, but I counter that this is a good thing. Skyrim is more accessible and a great jumping in point for those new to the Elder Scrolls series. Steam routinely has the legendary edition on sale and with the Steam workshop, it's a no brainer!
game-hours: 142.5
review: Let's get right to it. As far as playability goes (ease, expansiveness, etc), I would give it a 9 out of 10. I only take off a point because the game can be a bit glitchy at times. But this is to be expected from any game with an open world enviornment. visuals are a 10 out of 10. The developers put so much time and effort into this game and it really shows. I play on Ultra High and the graphics are amazing to look at from atop a mountain in the game. Yes, not everyone can play with the graphics way up, but it is visually stunning all the same. Re-play value is off the charts. 12 out of 10. I have had this game for x box, and pc alike, putting over 400 hours combined into this game and I never get tired of it. Truly one of the greats when it comes to replay value. DLC- 8 out of 10. They really tried, and it still has the skyrim/ dragonborn feel to it, but it simply isnt quite as good as it could have been. They are definitely good for a one time play through for all the loot and new quests, but some of the quests feel cumbersome and it makes rare gems much to common. loot is basically given away in the dlcs. Overall rating 9.5 out 0f 10. No one should pass up playing this game and lately it has been on sale a lot for very cheap. I highly recommend this.
game-hours: 63.7
review: Best form of abstience out there since 2004, with WOW, In all seriousness, this possibly may be the best open world RPG of all time. It's a tough stander with some other games but this one blew me away back in 2011. Had to buy again. DLC: it's worth it, gives you at least another 40+ hours of playtime if you want to kill time, plus a super hard boss. Story: One of the best, Starting in a little village called Helgen, you are a prisoner, you almost get beheaded, a dragon attacks. Then you have to escape with a few guys to Riverwood and go to Whiterun to find out that you the player's character, is the Dragonborn. Gameplay: Top notch RPG, but not the kind of RPG you expect, like kill stuff and level, thats still there. But you level with crafting, sewing, etc. Difficulty: Suited to all, from Novice as in a new person playing to Legendary where we have a Major League Gaming tryout. Play Time: Didn't play it much again on PC, but I played it a TON on the PS3 when i got it on there. Probably at least 4000 hours+ on PC. Mods: Go ahead and mod everything possible. Theres unlimited possiblities in the Steam Workshop. 10/10 the best of the decade so far. Lets see if there is a game that can top this one.
game-hours: 67.2
review: This game has controled countless hours of my life, On steam it may say i dont have many, but on the xbox i have over 10,000 played and i just cant stop playing this game. Skyrim is a very well made and addicting game that makes the player think about if he wants to check that room, or if he wants to eat that tomato 0_0 many people play this game for fun but its part of my life and i really like enjoy it. So many places to go and things to do which makes countless hours of fun..15/10 one of the best!!
game-hours: 661.1
review: Love it!
game-hours: 17.1
review: I found out how to use the developer console. Instant Knife Kills/10 I found out how mods work Sanic/10
game-hours: 28.4
review: I love this game, so many mode to explore and the game is already huge!
game-hours: 174.8
review: I tried going back to console after playing this heavily modded version. 5 minutes in, I missed my call of madness, and came back. 42/10 DID rain cheese again.
game-hours: 77.8
review: When buying this game, clear out the next month of your schedule, because I assure you, this game is far more important then any social interaction you could be doing instead.
game-hours: 52.0
review: game is dumb
game-hours: 24.9
review: This is the only game I've EVER bought twice. Once for PS3, once for PC, and the mods keep it fresh and interesting.
game-hours: 1.2
review: .....do I even need to write a recommendation for this? This game is a masterpiece. A true work of art. I only wish that it had some level of multiplayer....however from what I gather the modders are working hard to make something like that happen ;)
game-hours: 80.0
review: You are a deliver guy who delivers some democracy to dragons, kings and sht.
game-hours: 23.3
review: steal clothes and act like nothing happened 10/10
game-hours: 422.0
review: I shout at a chicken, got arrested. 10/10
game-hours: 172.5
review: By far one of my favorite games. The extensibility of this game with mods still makes this game worth playing years after its release. I find myself coming back to it whenever I finish other games.
game-hours: 48.0
review: It's not Morrowind but it's much better than oblivion. 8/10
game-hours: 1019.7
review: The best game I've ever played! 10/10
game-hours: 987.8
review: Check my player time. Would I really play a game this much if it sucked?
game-hours: 9.3
review: All time Favourite game, Endless hours of Adventure, Also the best game soundtrack of all time. If you dont have this game, then buy it now, like now!
game-hours: 32.5
review: If you've ever read an old scroll, that's equivalent to playing Skyrim. 11/10 would level up again.
game-hours: 149.6
review: So engaging... So awesome. I rarely replay games, Skyrim is the exception. It is so much fun, the textures and art are top-notch, and the music is phenomenal.
game-hours: 199.1
review: Everyone knows this amazing game, and if you don't then I'd like to see the impressive boulder you are living under.
game-hours: 142.7
review: I used to own Skyrim for the PS3 a while back and played it for 8 months straight doing every side and main quest there is to do. I feared that once I finally ran out of things to do I would never look upon Skyrim again. How wrong I was. It seemed I have been living in the shadow of the PC version of Skyrim all this time. Here I am again a few years later having already clocked over a 100 hours on the game. I picked up the Legendary Edition on one of the Steam sales and fell in love with Skyrim all over again. Why do you ask? I would simply say this: MODS! I WANT ALL THE MODS!! Modding Skyrim is like opening a can of Pringles. Once you pop you can't stop. No seriously, it becomes an addiction if you're not careful. I am just so impressed by the way you can mod this already considered dated game, into a beautiful new environment where you can relive the games greatest moments with in-game graphics that look like they belong in a game released today. (Either that or go completely silly, and make the game as weird as possible) Dislikes? I do not have any when it comes to Skyrim. This is surely a game for the RPG enthusiast, who also loves to hack-slash away at things too. Everyones experience playing Skyrim is different. I found the best way to play the game is to not just stick to the main quest and just go and explore the beautiful scenery and surprises it holds :)
game-hours: 70.7
review: modded it, broke it, reinstalled.
game-hours: 497.5
review: This is the best game I played in my life. I have played this game almost everyday of the past year, started 3 new characters, ed it up 20 times with modding, but still I love her
game-hours: 421.9
review: Better than Oblivion. Better than Morrowind.
game-hours: 499.4
review: Ni! 10/10
game-hours: 101.0
review: When I first installed the game it didn't work properly (I played in a tiny screen in the top left and I couldn't install mods) After a couple of hours of work I fixed the problem and I started playing. I became addicted immediatly. Its a great game with great graphics. Its certainly worth the cash. only thing is that the UI doesn't work very well (randomly closing etc) but thats what skyui is for.
game-hours: 138.5
review: You know you played too long when your mom enters the room and you make your game character look to the door. 10/10 The Radiant AI Bethesda developed for their games makes Skyrim really immersive making you feel like you were part of the game. NPC's react to the environment and to the player in a very dynamic way. There are 95 random encounters you can find travelling from a city to another and they always fill the lore, some even get a small backstory, that's why I decided to not use the fast travel option and always go walking; the beautiful landscape will definitely make most people do this as well.
game-hours: 328.1
review: Basket robbery simulator 11/10 would cover vendors heads with baskets again.
game-hours: 99.6
review: BEST GAME EVER !! This game has over 500 hours of content : Check This game can be mod : Check The OST is really good : Check It's an open world : Check THIS GAME IS WORTH YOUR MONEY :CHECK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 287.1
review: DIS GAME FO REAL. I mean, what other game out there can you marry a fine  woman and be all, "Come on baby, watch me teach dis 'Dragon' fool a lesson, he disrespectin my turf." Then you walk up to this firebreathin punk like, "Bruh, what in the Nine Divines you think you lookin at? Ima' have to teach you a lesson, all cold steel, samurai style." After that, man... Some crazy battle starts happenin, dragon all breathin fire like somebody stuck oregano and jalapeno seeds in his bowl or somethin. Crazy an all, but you fight yo battles like an OG you aint bout to lose to no scaly reptile. You all pumped up, an you jump up on that raggedy , batwing, sewer smelling foo and stick yo blade right up in his brain like, "SON, YOU WANT SOME FRIES WITH THAT? CUZ YOU JUST GOT SERVED!" Then you trippin cuz you just killed a dragon an all, so you gots to celebrate with you girl. Me an my girl we split 28 bottles of fine malt liquor, and 47 cheese wheels the size of my uncle Clarence. FULL HEALTH BRUH, DRAGON BARELY TOUCH THIS 10/10
game-hours: 467.9
review: Immense gameworld, fun gameplay, HUGE modding community and even stock graphics are amazing. After using mods to make this game to your liking, you will have a superb time with it.
game-hours: 38.0
review: Killed a chicken, got killed by a random dude 11/10
game-hours: 88.8
review: Kill a chicken get chased by the entire village like you're a serial killer. 10/10.
game-hours: 60.2
review: This is a great game if you play too much you may get an addiction and after you beat the game and are bored just bomb it with mods.
game-hours: 129.5
review: One of the best games in the world
game-hours: 128.4
review: Got stoned and shot arrows, 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 10.6
review: Awesome game, I've played hours upon hours. PC is a whole new world for skyrim.
game-hours: 170.3
review: Pruzaan Zuwuth Deykel kred alun vorohah. Nuz fos really wahl daar kred pruzaan, los mods. Currently Keizaal lost biggest modding nahlimaar ko ahkos. Hi vis mod enook geinan truk ko daar kred, hi for nii, hiim overhauls, zuk veydo, liinus miil, realistic dovah, hahtaar wund. Replay ahreyn los oblaanvu waan hi mindok fos mods hi med, hi vis wahl Keizaal hin siifur kred. Waan hi understood fos Zu'u wrote, ruz hi los Dovah. Waan tovok fahvos dii Dovah tinvok noot los krent niil dahik Zu'u mii ing Dovah Tinvok rotuniik Zu'u rund nauvozahkel. Zu'u highly recommend daar masterpiece do kred. 10/10. Hin mom vunut snowberries.
game-hours: 287.8
review: Wow. This is the first game that I can never get tired of, even years after the release. It is plain as day, one of the best games of all time to me, because of it's sheer potential with modding and the overall game itself. Everyone should have this game.
game-hours: 407.6
review: By far one of the best open world games if not the best, and can be made even better with the DLCs and mods.
game-hours: 14.6
review: This game is great for people who are looking for a good way to pass a few hours as you can explore the vast area of Skyrim as well as slay dragons, get better equipment or if you're in the mood kill inicent people that live in the citys
game-hours: 104.0
review: Everything you've read and heard about this game is real: is THAT awesome. It's very important that you install a clock mod, because you'll know when you start the game, but not when you'll stop playing.
game-hours: 22.2
review: I've said this amidst all the hype when it was initially released and I'll say it now; It's not as good as Oblivion. It's still great, I love it. The addition of wyverns fills the void of lacking variety in the environment. I've not played the DLC but it allegedly adds a lot. I recommend it.
game-hours: 30.2
review: dis gaem ish gud
game-hours: 137.7
review: A perfect simulator of for many situations! have you ever wanted to know what happens when: You have really really bad breath and shout at people? You want to rob a store but your only weapon is a bucket? You hear the phrase "took an arrow to the knee" 2000 times an hour? You have just killed a dragon, feel like a roman god, but killing a moose makes a giant angry? You realise you have been playing the game for 40 hours, but you are nowhere near the end? All this and more in Skyrim!
game-hours: 94.2
review: Anyone who didn't play this game yet, your life is not colmplete. 'Nuff said.
game-hours: 277.6
review: Open World & Fantasy. Filled with Dragons, cool magics, badass weaponry & armour. I personally enjoyed it.
game-hours: 120.8
review: Skyrim is just like going to the cinema and watching a thrilling movie! It's a great experience and hooks you in! And then you realise that whole time you where COMPLETELY ALONE AND MISS ALL OTHER HUMAN CONTACT PLEASE HELP 10/10
game-hours: 406.5
review: The latest entry in the Elder Scrolls and what an effort! Absolutely superb on every level, this game will consume your life for many, many hours. Graphically stunning, superb soundtrack and varied gameplay. If you love the Elder Scrolls then you need to buy this game. Legendary edition now exists so you get the DLC already bundled. I bought it all apart and dont regret a thing would have paid for more DLC too ! Now just a long wait for the next game...
game-hours: 30.8
review: Before playing Skyrim make sure that you have a few hours spare because you will need them. Once you start playing you cant stop!
game-hours: 11.7
review: I walked into whiterun and found 2 blonde nude ladies, so I killed them and sacrificied them to the gods.
game-hours: 267.0
review: One of the greatest games of all time. So much content you probably can't complete it all. I agree with the other review that said, "ruined my life. 5 stars." except I have no life. :(
game-hours: 2.7
review: dANK aS . 4/20 wOuLD bLAze AgaIN - iGn
game-hours: 192.1
review: Dragons.
game-hours: 344.2
review: epic!
game-hours: 86.5
review: Hoc valde bonum est ludum. Ibi sunt serpentiae, mortui viventes, et milites, et multi pluriores!
game-hours: 17.5
review: ...
game-hours: 80.6
review: In Grand Theft Auto, you can hold up entire shops with a gun. In Skyrim, you can put a bucket on the shopowner's head and steal all of his belongings... 10/10 IGN
game-hours: 19.5
review: Killed an entire city and went to jail because the chickens witnessed the crime. 13/10 Realistic as
game-hours: 4.1
review: Skyrim is pretty amazing, but if you have a slow computer the experience is ruined. It's a great game though, especially if you're into fantasy stuff.
game-hours: 121.7
review: Good Game
game-hours: 72.6
review: Interesting game worth a try
game-hours: 42.5
review: Its Skyrim. That means its good.
game-hours: 73.4
review: ets coral here saeying 8/8
game-hours: 123.9
review: Besides BF3, what I paid for Skyrim is not enough, WELL worth the money and HOURS of gameplay value! DO IT!!
game-hours: 209.7
review: Dudez, this game rulez.
game-hours: 728.9
review: This game is epic fun and gives over 200 hours of gameplay just by its self if you buy the DLC's Dawnguard and Dragonborn you can get even more hours out of the game but dont forget mods and new characters!
game-hours: 393.0
review: This is a very good game where there is many diffrent kinds of gameplay because of how you start & of what happens to you throughout the game. Many games are not like this one just because it is open world, you can choose what to do & when to do it, & the gameplay is always unique to each time you play. Hopefully for whoever reads this review know's that buying, giving as a gift & playing this game are all good ideas that are worth it.
game-hours: 19.1
review: A bit more simplistic than previous titles, and the immersion is nowhere near what Morrowind had. However this is still a top tier game in my own opinion. Large world, new crafting system, and decent DLC content. Defenitely worth your time(Which you will need a lot of if you want this game's full experiance) Official Rating: 9/10
game-hours: 85.9
review: Wonderful game overall. Love the graphics and gameplay. If you do the main questline only, the game's relatively short... Unless you're the type to speedrun through the entire game. Dragon battles: epic. TL;DR - You won't ever regret buying this game. Ever.
game-hours: 107.0
review: If ths game was a person i would make sweet, merciless love to it.
game-hours: 124.9
review: When you spend half your playtime rearranging different objects in your house in a virtual world, you know you have a great game!
game-hours: 217.0
review: To put it simply its a good, fun game, with a lot of content and great replay value, I would seriously recommend this game.
game-hours: 43.7
review: Like Far Cry 3 without guns
game-hours: 62.8
review: Pretty Kewl. Its lke Skyrim without nicholas cage 4/20 "best game I ever played"
game-hours: 53.9
review: "FUS RO DAH" 10/10
game-hours: 786.7
review: Awesome game. Some great community mods as well. :)
game-hours: 245.3
review: Why are you even looking at this, buy it already.
game-hours: 5.9
review: Eh ahm teh dergenburn
game-hours: 268.8
review: one of the greatest open-world rpgs ever created. 10/10.
game-hours: 123.5
review: No Elder Scrolls game is about story. Skyrim captures what the entire mission of The Elder Scrolls series is about: Adventure. When you're walking on the road and bandits attack you, when you stumble upon a cave loaded with enemies and treasure, when you stay up through the late hours of the night because you don't want to go back to the real world, you know you're playing Skyrim. The story driven quests are there to give you a general direction. The random encounters are there to make sure you take the longest route possible while going in that general direction.
game-hours: 164.3
review: I simply love this game. I bought it about two years back on my birthday for my xbox for 10 dollars at Gamestop. This was the first RPG type game I ever played and enjoyed it immensly. But, just a few monthes ago I started to switch over to the P.C. to give it a chance. The first gameI bought was this and when I found out about Console Commands (just use them for fun) I figured out this game has it all. Great story, combat, and the graphics are absotuley stunning. And the fact that I could get mods to addon to the already massive world I just got happy. Overall I reccomend this to anyone that loves a strong RPG and loves TES series.
game-hours: 116.5
review: after killing Alduin, went out without armor and weapons, fistfighting bandits and wolves, ended up running from 2 mammoths, one giant and a dragon, after a while the mommoths and the giant disappeared, so i tried to engage the dragon in melee, oneshot by his tail 10/10 would do again, no regrets
game-hours: 251.3
review: i love this game so much, if they came up with another, "not online" i would play for the rest of my life
game-hours: 254.9
review: A lot of bugs, apart from that, fantastic Lore and great Game ! A must have.
game-hours: 58.0
review: Kill a chicken while someone is looking=Wanted Kill a person while a chicken is looking=Wanted Steal a potato=Wanted 150/10 would steal potato and beat chicken with it again...
game-hours: 41.1
review: Very Good
game-hours: 121.6
review: Soo many mods, soo little time
game-hours: 61.4
review: Recommond this game to the people who have are in love with fantasy and also would like to have a world to explore
game-hours: 742.2
review: wow come on let's do it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 275.4
review: Best RPG of the Decade!
game-hours: 221.8
review: its a beautiful game tons of fun. havnt stoped playing it
game-hours: 53.6
review: After years of mate telling me to get this game i finally gave in and got it and not regretted it ok its a Bethesda Game which means its full of bugs but thanks to the modding community most bugs can be fixed and evan add a little extra to the game i highlly recommend if your in to RPG's get this game pro's good storyline nice gameplay open world excellent modding community con's its a Bethesda game (meaning BUGGY but thankls to the modding community i can get pasted that) THANKS modding community i love you
game-hours: 83.5
review: If you haven't played this game......... THEN WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH YOU THEN!!!! GET THE G*DD*MN MONEY AND F*CKING BUY IT!!!!LKHEFIUHIGHIDOFGLKSDNGLKJDHGKJGNLSJDGHIUEG
game-hours: 9.3
review: Surprisingly has little lag, and is simply beautiful. I'll expect to have many hours put towards this game.
game-hours: 180.5
review: Great Game! :)
game-hours: 172.8
review: Best game
game-hours: 32.0
review: Awesome RPG! Love the free world!
game-hours: 368.6
review: BEST GAME EVER!!! Loved it since day one.
game-hours: 114.6
review: Awesome story, got sucked into it! - Mods are also insane fun!
game-hours: 142.5
review: its great and it will make any other game like oblivion look like  even with mods
game-hours: 179.2
review: I installed a mod that made dragons shout "Oooh yeaaaaahhhh" 8/8 -IGN m8
game-hours: 24.3
review: This game is amazing! 'Nuff said.
game-hours: 82.2
review: Is there anyone on the internet who doesn't know at least something about Skyrim? Now, the main gripe people have is that Skyrim needs serious mod work to be enjoyable. I've done bugger all (aside from running around with anduril for a while...) and I've got like 70 odd hours so far. No, I didn't even mod the UI. Is the UI bad? It annoys me at times! Is the combat bad? It's a bit shallow, too hack n slash. Do either of these things or any other complaints I might have stop me from playing it? No, not at all. Skyrim is an RPG in the most basic sense - you create a character and you go play with them. Most of the fun I have from Skyrim isn't from the gameplay itself, but the emergent gameplay - the thought of my unlikely adventurer hacking off a troll's face, thinking "well that was close" and then the look on his face when another two come storming around the corner. Or cutting someone free only for them to try to run away at which point I run them down and hack their legs out with a greatsword. Or sneaking through a bandit-infested cave dispatching all the guards with a single arrow to the head like some weird crouching version of Legolas. Skyrim is about the stories you create, and there's enough in the world to give you a bit of a head start.
game-hours: 11.3
review: This game is absolutly astonishing; the graphic quality is amazing; the storyline is malleable, because you can do the storyline whenever you want, so that you aren't 100% required to do the campaigns; and the complete objective of the game is incredible. I strongly only reccomend this game if you have a good computer and if you are able to wait about 6-8 hours for this to download, but i'll tell ya', it's totally worth it.
game-hours: 55.4
review: Two words: Buy it!
game-hours: 76.9
review: Look at me, I'm writing a recommendation for a game that isn't even out yet! *GASP*
game-hours: 427.4
review: In my opinion, it's the best Rpg I have ever played. *_* To understand it,you just need to play it.
game-hours: 184.3
review: 10/10 would fus ro dah Lydia again
game-hours: 45.5
review: my favourite game great rpg
game-hours: 25.0
review: Fighting dragons is just an argument where they both yell. 11/10
game-hours: 19.4
review: i shot a chicken and suddenly everyone hated me and started calling me orc scum 10/10 would recommend
game-hours: 128.0
review: You can get a graveyard mod and bury everyone you dont like.
game-hours: 0.3
review: nice game :D
game-hours: 36.3
review: Fabualous fun but takes a while to get into
game-hours: 83.1
review: I saw a horse flying. He went into space. I'm gonna miss him. See you space cowboy.
game-hours: 21.0
review: good heaven, is FAP time <3
game-hours: 204.4
review: I punch a chicken, them everyone want kill me. 10/10
game-hours: 174.9
review: they told me i can't get a divorce, so i sacrificed my follower wife to boethiah 10/10 would sacrifice again.
game-hours: 101.8
review: i had Ebola and this game cured it
game-hours: 71.7
review: killed an old women 10/10 ed a dragon shagged my wife ed my children got the sasha grey mod 69/10
game-hours: 22.4
review: awesome
game-hours: 53.2
review: This game is one of my highly favorite games. You take place in a beautiful fantasy land, And you are the Dragonborn. You can do SO many things, i mean TONS. This game has Sword fighting , Battles , Magic , Thievs and the best part ; Dragons!. 'Nuff said. 11/10 RPG Factor : 9/10 Graphics: 9/10 Story Line ( Of the Dragonborn) 8/10 Combat System : 9.5/10 ( Best I've played ) Pros: A very polished ,well done game. The Open world Factor is fantastic. Insane amount of things to do. I see people with reviews that have like 700 hours on the game. Almost Never gets boring ( As long as you do missons most of the time) Cons: A fair amount of glitches here and there. There is a good amount of "Oh I'll stop playing in a bit Or I Stop when i finsh this mission, And you continue to play for a good amount of time, While most people and Myself Like that in a game, It can become slighty Addictive. This is a weird one but. The fact that there is so many things to do means you might not ever "feel" like you can finsh this game. Buy Factor : If you can get the legendary Editon while on sale Go for it right A way . Or If you feel like this game is enough for you, Go for the game for full price, ( Which i think is now $19.99) This game has it all so if you think that you might like, There is a good chance you will Really like it!
game-hours: 865.6
review: BEST PC GAME EVER!!!
game-hours: 133.4
review: best thing eva.
game-hours: 190.3
review: Its an elder scrolls game, is there much more to say than that there is hours and hours of quests content and lore to immerse yourself in?
game-hours: 341.3
review: I recommend this game because you can pretend that bandits are real people in life that you hate
game-hours: 30.9
review: Already had over 200 hours on the PS3 version before I bought the PC version... Now there's even more to do with mods and all
game-hours: 287.8
review: Pros: --------------------------------------- -Beautiful enviroments and art style -Decent character customization -Tons of content -Interesting and fun quests -Plenty of weapons, armor and loot -Storyline is decent and fun to play through -Battling is slightly clunky, but all the same incrediblely fun. -Lore is amazingly well written -No limitations (i.e. You don't need to choose a class) -Open world -A wide arsenal of mods to choose from ---------------------------------------- Neutral: ---------------------------------------- -Character's voices actors are exceptional, yet they are overused ---------------------------------------- Cons: ---------------------------------------- -There are occassional glitches that may annoy some people. (I have only come across one game breaking glitch on X360) ---------------------------------------- My Score: 96.5/100
game-hours: 35.7
review: Who needs a social life when you can play Skyrim instead?
game-hours: 17.0
review: A fantastic game. The graphics are amazing the story line is incredible this is one of the greatest games for the amount of money I spent on it which was 15. The amount of time you can spend playing this game and the amount of work put into it is insane and it was only 15. Buy This Game.
game-hours: 404.4
review: Skyrim   !
game-hours: 451.3
review: Toy Story 2 was OK
game-hours: 96.7
review: Great!!!!
game-hours: 234.6
review: Skyrim is a generic cookie clutter action game that is terrible without mods. Of course, mods and modders can create a great game from the base game, so I would reccommend it to everyone. Great game modded, vanilla is horrific though.
game-hours: 185.6
review: This game is very enjoyable if you like RPGs and a rich story. I have played many hours on it. There are a few mission bugs that do sour my game experience but not enough for me to stop playing. It's an amazing game. Highly recommended.
game-hours: 36.8
review: I love how this game allows for (almost) unlimited exploring and leveling. The glitches i have found so far are not of mayor concern, its even fun to see mamoths flying xD I tottaly recomend this game to any RPG adventure lover.
game-hours: 7.4
review: Not bad.
game-hours: 96.8
review: This game has hundreds if not thousands of hours of gameplay. Combine that with the extremely active modding community and you can play this game forever. Definitely a must have game.
game-hours: 84.0
review: ^-^
game-hours: 62.0
review: This game is very independent
game-hours: 770.0
review: Best game of 2011!!!!
game-hours: 116.5
review: Lusty Argonian Maid v2. Nuff said.
game-hours: 1194.8
review: Even 2 years ago i thought that this game doesn't deserve attention, well, the joke's on me now :)
game-hours: 8.5
review: Saw the game Bought the game Died too many times with a  axe, went to the workshop,got a plasma gun then suddenly i become the overlord of skyrim. Plasma gun is love, Plasma gun is life. 10/10 would get more from the workshop again
game-hours: 85.5
review: Epic game !!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 13.9
review: Dis game is me fav
game-hours: 144.5
review: Don't harm the chicken gods... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ This game was one of the first games I ever played. I was in love with the freedom to make my character how I wanted. It was beautifully thought out, and the quests are, for the most part, very fun. I think Skyrim is just one of those must-have games. You can waste hundreds of hours hunting down dragons, killing bandits, and stealing books for your bookshelf. Pros: Huge amount of quests and story branches, allowing virtually endless gameplay Mods that improve the game greatly, fixing anything from striping to buggy blacksmiths DLCs that add even more content to the game Easy to understand levelling and gameplay Cons: The beginning is horrible to sit through, and is altogether sloppy In order to have the highest quality game experience, you MUST install mods Some bugs that have been there for years Sometimes hard to follow questlines Is the game perfect? No. But honestly, Is any?
game-hours: 108.2
review: Scream at a man, he dies. Scream at an undead, it dies. Scream at your friend, he lives. 11/10
game-hours: 103.5
review: One of my top top 5 favorite games, If you havent played Skyrim your missing out on such a GREAT RPG. I would definitley recommend this to anyone! :D 10 out of 10 With so much open world to explore the game is almost endless (besides the main campaign of course). :D
game-hours: 245.4
review: SO MUCH YES
game-hours: 142.7
review: Its only the best open world RPG I have ever played. And I've been around since the stone age.
game-hours: 134.9
review: madsick
game-hours: 170.3
review: /0 pts Don't stare - play!
game-hours: 66.1
review: Constantly makes me wonder why people still have real lives when they could be playing Skyrim. 11/10
game-hours: 252.5
review: My favorite game in like ever.... always.... Skyrim is love.... skyrim is life
game-hours: 167.5
review: SRSLY BUY THIS.
game-hours: 44.8
review: this game is just awesome!! :D
game-hours: 178.1
review: awsome game
game-hours: 365.5
review: I think it is safe to say that this is the best game in TES series, and the best classic RPG game in the world, even today. The sheer detail and thoroughteness of the world is astonishing, there are so many things to do and things to be, and you can be absolutely anything you want to, ranging from a loyal Imperial soldier fighting for the unification of Tamriel to an assasin plotting to kill the emperor. I have bought this game when it cost 30 euros and it was worth it. Now it costs 15 euros, and it's still much better than a lot of RPG games costing much more. And the earlier mentioned features are just vanilla, if you aren't lazy to mod a bit, you can download endless stream of content. If you like RPG games, then I dare say that Skyrim is the best one on the market, even today.
game-hours: 242.5
review: There are no words to describe the Magnitude of this game! Simply the best single player RPG until the next The Elder Scrolls comes out! The best graphics for it's genre at the time it was released (or it almost tied with Witcher 2 but it is more open world and not linear) The only thing it is missing to reach perfection is a co-op option to play! Hundreds of hours of different gameplay styles and myriad places to explore! EPIC is the only suitable word i can use to describe it!
game-hours: 2143.7
review: Best game I have ever played. Period.
game-hours: 225.9
review: A vast and beautiful world where you can get caught up with a severe case of wanderlust. Game of 2011, and that's a bold statement considering this has been an amazing year for games.
game-hours: 76.0
review: You will spend a stupid amount of time on this game if you're a completionist like this guy
game-hours: 159.2
review: Just do it.
game-hours: 77.3
review: 1,000,000/10 - Murdered chicken, got arrested - Killed a dragon, crowned a hero - No one cared afterwards and proceeded with their daily lives - Became the #1 most wanted person for stealing a potato 10/10 - Console commands. killallkillallkillallkillall - Consume 10 cheese wheels, 6 baked potatoes, and 2 sweet rolls in a matter of 4 seconds - Join Dark Brotherhood - Suddenly, you're an assassin - No, don't go jumping of buildings - I used to be an adventurer - Until I took an arrow to the knee - Wow, I'm surprised you managed to read up till here. Congratulations *slow clap* No really, though. Get this game. Great soundtrack, lots of awesome exploring, and a  ton of gameplay.
game-hours: 292.4
review: 16k pebbles es.
game-hours: 378.0
review: This game is beautiful. The environment is not only huge, but stunning as well. The combat is not the best, but the amount of customization and character development make up for this. If over 100 hours of vanilla gameplay isn't enough for you, this game has hundreds of mods for it so you can make the game whatever you want.
game-hours: 137.3
review: Dont know what to say. Just buy the Game and enjoy it, its 11/10
game-hours: 7.9
review: A dragon got stuck in a tree while trying to eat me. 10/10 thank you tree.
game-hours: 199.0
review: I screamed at a chicken and an angry mob beat me to death with clubs. 46/23
game-hours: 14.4
review: It's like Skyrim with guns
game-hours: 19.0
review: 10/10 would bang
game-hours: 131.1
review: 10/10 Would crash again.
game-hours: 300.5
review: I reviewed Skyrim about a year ago and looking back on it, I think it's time I wrote a new one. Bethesda did such an amazing job on making Skyrim immersive that you will spend hours arranging book on a shelf and eating a meal in an inn whilst talking to an npc and you won't even give it a second thought. The scale of the world is immense, and that's only on the surface. There are also huge catacombs, ruins and caverns to explore and with the dlcs (which I highly recommend) it adds a whole new island, more castles, a whole dimension of lost souls and a huge area you access just by reading a book. This might all seem strange but you never stop to question it as the whole world has it's own lore, gods, races and history that continues throughout. The sound track is absolutely beautiful and the voice acting is amazing considering it is on such a colossal scale. Although the combat isn't as polished as some other games it still has a large diversity (melee, ranged, magic etc.) and Skyrim's concept of skill trees are fantastic. The skill trees allow you to specialise in some things over time and also master multiple things if you desire. The skills will add more and more layers to combat, exploration and tactics when it comes to surviving. The quests are brilliant as well whether it is the main quests or just the small side quests that you get from npcs you find wandering through the 9 holds which add even more life into the game. You really can make whatever character you want even if it's a cat-man (khajit) who turns into a huge wolf and terrorises villages whenever the two moons come out or a patriotic nord who will protect her homeland with her life and drive out the empire all by herself. Overall this game still holds up being, in my opinion, the BEST RPG ever created even after almost 4 years after it's release. An easy 10/10.
game-hours: 224.1
review: Probably the best Open World and RPG game in the universe. Skyrim holds a special feel to it, a feel that no other video games could achieve. A sensational soundtrack, a classic RPG fighting style, a great mythical atmosphere wherever you go, amazing NPC design and dialouge, a world that you know has been there for a long time, with great history that's even related to the past Elder Scrolls games, making it even more touching and nostalgic. And in the center of all these great values stands, the player. This is quite possibly the most customizable and beautiful game I have played and for now nothing stands between it. PS: Thank you Mel.
game-hours: 182.9
review: this game is the best game ever that is all now young one go play the game
game-hours: 162.0
review: i mean Love Bethesda game fallout 3 ,new vegas ,morrowind but this game tops the charts.I played this on the xbox for a unhealthy time then when i got onto the pc and got modding my experience was changed so much in my opinion modding makes skyrim amazing so if you havent played this game yet what the hell is wrong with you buy it now
game-hours: 89.2
review: Near infinite replay value, as well as immersive world and story. Enough customization to have you sitting at the character creation screen for a max of 30 minutes. Skills and Perks are somewhat balanced, like any of the spell trees, but things like alchemy and enchanting can break the game very quick. Reccomended.
game-hours: 200.4
review: Very good open-world game. The history, legends etc. are just so intersthink that i can`t understand how the hell did they made the history work so well at this game... There are some bugs at this game that are little bit annoying but they aren`t so big... Can`t wait to see the next TeS game... (TeS VI) :P
game-hours: 129.2
review: you can get married 10/10
game-hours: 163.5
review: Do 3 quests, kill a dragon, level up, walk off a cliff, die, and as always forgot to save. GG :/ so remeber to save.
game-hours: 323.2
review: This game is what being apart of the "Glorious PC Master Race" is all about. From getting a mod to become Khajiit Superman to fighting a 50 foot dragon that shoots lightning to a complete overhaul of the Skyrim engine the Steam workshop has what you need. The Steam workshop basically works just like a built in Nexus modding site that updates your mods for you. I would also recommend the Fallout and Oblivion mod scenes for even more fun. 10/10
game-hours: 165.6
review: The game that never ends. Ever. When people ask me to point them to the best game of all time, this is usually my answer. It has anything and everything you could want in a game. The mods are also really nice. It's an RPG that's golden with story, lore and adventure.
game-hours: 129.1
review: This game....is a masterpiece..... I'm the kind of gamer who likes to jump around games a lot, meaning after a few months I completely drop a game and stop playing it...(Bought Deus Ex during the holiday sale...still haven't touched it). However, Skyrim is a game I just can't drop....I bought this game for my xbox when it came out before I switched to PC...I have 200 hours on it, and I have a good amount of time on pc. The scope of this game is huge. The number of quests to do is astounding and the world is created so masterfully you have to wrap your head around the fact that this was a game made 3 years ago. Do you want to save the world from the return of the dragons? Do you want to join the stormcloaks and drive out the empire? Do you want to buy a house, get married, and adopt children? Yep, whatever you want...Sometimes the best moments aren't even related to quests. Personally, I love hunting in the Whiterun plans to get venison and deer hide to sell, and I will admit, as lame as it sounds, I got hooked to improving my house in hearthfire. Another thing I absolutely have to mention is the character creation. You can be whatever you want. Do you want to be a tank? A mage? A bowman? A thief? You can even mix and match things. For example, I use my magic spells to temporarily increase my sneak, and Currently I play as a mage who carrys a bow for game hunting and further distance sniping. This game isn't perfect. Glitches in all of Bethesda games are annoying as crap. From floating trees to uncomplete quests, they are everywhere. Also, combat can feel floaty at times,like you just swinging your sword and hoping it hits. I highly reccommend downloading a few combat mods. Speaking of mods, THEY ARE AMAZING. I mean, have you checked out graphic overhauls on youtube! Mods range from bug fixes to combat/graphical overhauls to full out new quests and lands! For example, skywind is a mod in progress which aims to bring the land of morrowind into the skyrim game...Amazing isnt it? Two great examples of great simple mods are realistic needs and frostfall. realistic needs creates the need for basic needs such as food water, sleep, and frostfall makes it so you have to keep warm. Lore is also something to be noted. ES lore has always been some of the best in gaming. their are thousands of books in skyrim. I highly reccommend reading them if you want to learn more Although the combat isnt great and glitches can be annoying, I highly reccomend the game. The scope of the game in every aspect is what sets this apart from all the other open world RPGs. a solid 10/10
game-hours: 664.2
review: Everyone's still playing it!
game-hours: 8.6
review: Anyone who is a fan of videogaming will love The Elder Scrolls V Skyrim. It seamlessly blends adventureous spirit with loot collecting in all the beautiful environments and well designed quests. Character development and customization is virtually unrivaled here, and it is easily the best Open World RPG on the market as of 2015, four years after the game's release in 2011. Indeed, Skyrim's playability has stood strong throughout the test of time, partly due to the endless content in the base game and expansion packs. And for the love of all that is good don't forget the Steam workshop. There are enough mods there to keep anyone's game fresh for several lifetimes. This game has yet to get old for me, and I promise you this is well worth your money. This game has honestly changed the way I judge all video games. It has set the bar to a point so high I doubt it will ever be surpassed, but until that day, I'll be at home... PLAYING SKYRIM!
game-hours: 98.7
review: if this game was a potato it would be a good potato
game-hours: 5.7
review: Huge, in depth and custimisable..... The elder scrolls skyrim is one of the best RPGs in history with and in depth skill tree, lots of races to choose from and over 150+ hours of content. NOTE:the reason i dont have many hours on skyrim is because i used to play it on Console but now i play skyrim on pc the way it should be played with loads and loads of MODS
game-hours: 9.2
review: Thsi dispicable attempt to bring the musical 'Wicked' to the big screen should be viewed by know one. The performances by Betty White and Clark Kent were contrived and unoriginal falling short of their cost benefit analysis.
game-hours: 71.1
review: There's only ever a few games that truly standout amongst the rest and this is one of them. Although it is just over 3 years old it's still got a huge dedicated fanbase, especially on PC with all the mods, texture upgrades etc. Mind the few bugs that you can come across, which never broke the game for me it is still a very solid game and still looks immense with all the mods in place. Well worth a buy and well worth playing again and again even if it is just so you can play around with mods and decapitate some poor bloke in the woods.
game-hours: 439.1
review: This game is best!!!
game-hours: 4652.9
review: This is the game the never, ever ends. I picked this game up thinking I wouldn't like it having never played a previous TES game before. Sat in my Library untouched for about a month or two, and finally took the plunge. I was wrong. I was so very, very wrong. This is probably the best purchase I've ever made on steam. Add in the unlimited potential of modding, and it's an adventure that continues forever. I've probably restarted over a hundred times by now with a new character, and still only have beaten Alduin once. ONCE. There's still so much more do to and explore that I'm still discovering quests and areas and little hidden things. I still can't believe how much there is to do and I'm still finding more. At it stands I'll probably wake up one day having lost all touch with reality and actually start seeing the world as Skyrim with how much I've played. And I'm totally ok with that.
game-hours: 3210.9
review: Ruined my life. Five stars.
game-hours: 1164.7
review: If I had to choose between this game, and my girlfriend. I'd pick this game. EDIT: I'm single now ON A MORE SERIOUS NOTE: This game is the best in its genre. In previous Bethesda games they made a sad balance in between Questing, and Exploration. Some having more quests and less places to go, and others having very few quests and more places to explore. But in Skyrim, there is no shortage of quests, and if you are like myself and just wander around aimlessly, you will stumble into places that just blow your mind. Every time I have replayed this game, I stumbled into something new. For more info i'd very much recommend mods, with mods such as texture packs, difficulty, quests, armor, and weapons, this games replay value is endless. Go through the game once with plain skyrim, then mod the hell out of it. Overall I'd rate this game an EASY 10/10. If you haven't already. Please buy it, give it a little, and I swear you will be hooked.
game-hours: 150.9
review: >murdered Nazeem in the middle of town >carried him up to the Cloud District >threw his corpse down into some nearby water >retrieved his corpse >carried him back to the middle of town >guards see me, don't care >left Nazeem's corpse bent over a well >guard hard staring me whole time >decide to leave market place >accidentally hit "E" while looking at tomato >get sent to jail for stealing tomato 10/10
game-hours: 247.4
review: An epic game made all the more epic by the fact that it is so easy to mod and so well supported by the modding community. The Elder Scrolls series has a large following and often you will hear people argue over each new TES game comparing it to the last, but for me each TES game stands on its own merits, and Skyrim is no exception. The story is pretty good and there are plenty of side quests, but what makes Skyrim so great even when not modded is its large and open nature. This is a land you can just pick a direction and with no quest in mind and just explore. You will find danger and excitement on your journey ... and loot. Lots and lots of loot. But once you start modding this game, that is when you unlock the true value that is Skyrim. Potentially thousands more hours content (for free) in a game that can be improved ten thousand different ways from graphics, textures and sounds all the way to game mechanics and user interface changes. You can make the game exactly what you need it to be, and play it for so long you may still be playing when the next game in this series comes out.... and sometimes longer than even that. If you are interested in modding the PC version of the game, be sure to check out my guide for beginners:
game-hours: 148.5
review: A game where trying to interact with giants holding clubs turns into the funding of NASA's space program.
game-hours: 12816.1
review: Play it, mod it, play it again, mod it some more... It's a dangerous cycle: your pets will die of neglect and your friends will leave you. You won't care, you'll just install more mods.
game-hours: 92.5
review: I was stacking books on a shelf in my house in Whiterun, one of Skyrim's major cities, when I noticed a weapon rack right beside it. I set a sacrificial dagger in one slot, an Orcish mace in the other. They were on display for nobody but me and my computer-controlled housecarl, Lydia, who sat at a table patiently waiting for me to ask her to go questing. The chest upstairs was reserved for excess weapons and armor, the bedside table for smithing ingots and ores, the one next to the Alchemy table for ingredients. I'd meticulously organized my owned virtual property not because I had to, but because tending to the minutia of domestic life is a comforting break from dealing with screaming frost trolls, dragons, a civil war, and job assignments that never seem to go as planned. It's even a sensible thing to do; a seemingly natural component of every day existence in Skyrim, one of the most fully-realized, easily enjoyable, and utterly engrossing role-playing games ever made. Part of what makes it so enjoyable has to do with how legacy Elder Scrolls clutter has been condensed and in some cases eliminated. In Skyrim, there's no more moon-hopping between hilltops with a maxed out Acrobatics skill. That's gone, so is Athletics. The Elder Scrolls V pares down the amount of skills and cuts out attributes like Endurance and Intelligence altogether. There's no time wasted on the character creation screen agonizing over which skills to assign as major. You don't assign major and minor skills at all, but instead pick one of ten races, each with a specific bonus. High Elves can once a day regenerate magicka quickly, Orcs can enter a berserk rage for more effective close-range combat. These abilities are best paired with certain character builds  the High Elf regeneration is useful for a magic user  but don't represent a rigid class choice. Major decisions don't need to be made until you're already out in the world and can try out magic, sneaking and weapon combat, emphasizing first-hand experience over instruction manual study, letting you specialize only when you're ready. It contributes to the thrilling sense of freedom associated with life in Skyrim. Do a quest, kill a dragon, snatch torchbugs from the air, munch on butterfly wings or simply wander while listening to one of the best game soundtracks in recent memory. Despite the enormity of the world and the colossal amount of content contained within, little feels random and useless. Even chewing on a butterfly wing has purpose, as it reveals one of several alchemical parameters later useful in potion making at an alchemy table. Mined ore and scraps of metal from Dwemer ruins can be smelted into ingots and fashioned into armor sets, pelts lifted from slain wildlife can be turned into leather armor sets, and random books plucked from ancient ruins can trigger hidden quest lines that lead to valuable rewards. Skyrim's land mass is absolutely stuffed with content and curiosities, making every step you take, even if it's through what seems like total wilderness, an exciting one, as something unexpected often lies just over the next ridge. Many times the unexpected takes the form of a dragon. Sometimes they're purposefully placed to guard relics, sometimes they swoop over cities and attack at seemingly random times. In the middle of a fight against a camp of bandits a dragon might strike, screaming through the sky and searing foe and friendly alike with frost or flame. Momentarily all on the battlefield unite, directing arrows and magic blasts upward to knock down the creature, creating impromptu moments of camaraderie -- a surprising change from what may have been yet another by-the-numbers bandit camp sweep. Dragons show up often, their presence announced by an ominous flap of broad wings or an otherworldly scream from high above. The scale and startling detail built into each creature's appearance and animations as it circles, stops to attack, circles again and slams to the ground makes encounters thrilling, though their predictable attack patterns lessen the excitement after a few battles. In the long run they're far less irritating than the Oblivion gate equivalent from The Elder Scrolls IV, can be completed in a few minutes, and always offer a useful reward. Killing a dragon yields a soul, which powers Skyrim's new Shout system. These are magical abilities any character can use, you don't have to specialize in spell casting to slow time, throw your voice, change the weather, call in allies, blast out ice and fire, or knock back enemies with a rolling wave of pure force. Even if you favor sword, shield and heavy armor and ignore magic entirely, you'll still be able to take full advantage of these abilities provided you find the proper words  each Shout has three  hidden on Skyrim's high snowy peaks and in the depths of forgotten dungeons, serving as another reason to continue exploring long after you've exhausted the main quest story, joined with the Thieves Guild, fought alongside the Dark Brotherhood, or thrown your support behind one of the factions vying for control of Skyrim. Not only is this land under assault by dragons, long thought to be dead, it's also ripped in two by civil war. You can choose one side or the other, but so much of the allure of Skyrim is how, even outside of the confines of quest lines, the embattled state of the world is evident, and steeped in a rich fictional legacy. Lord of the Rings this is not, but with the release of every Elder Scrolls game, the fiction becomes denser, and the cross-referencing for long-time fans all the more rewarding. Skyrim's residents are all aware of current events. They'll comment on the civil war, some sympathizing with the rebels, others thinking the establishment sold its soul. The peasants complain about the Jarls who control each settlement, the Jarls complain about the rebels or foreign policy, the overprotective College librarian complains when I drop dragon scales all over his floor; many characters feel like whole, distinct personalities instead of vacuous nothings that hand out quests like a downtown greeter hands out flyers for discount jeans. Characters stereotype based on race, they double-cross at even the slightest hint it might be profitable, and they react to your evolving stature within the world. It makes a ridiculous realm, filled with computer-controlled cat people and humanoid reptiles, demon gods and dragons, feel authentic, like a world that existed long before you showed up and will continue to exist long after you leave.
game-hours: 68.4
review: Killed an old woman. Stole a plate. Got arrested. (Because of the plate). Fought a dragon. Stole a crown. Got drunk. Became a werewolf. Killed bees with fire. Followed a talking dog. Visited the old dwarven cities. Killed robots. Became an assassin. Killed the emperor. Got beaten to death by a whole town for stealing a cabbage. Became a respected general. Fought bandits. Poisoned mead. Stole cabbage again. 10/10 would Skyrim again.
game-hours: 477.1
review: At first you are like this games fun, then you are like woah there are mods and then you don't stop the mods and then the next thing you know you are playing as a giant with a strap-on fighting thomas the tank engine
game-hours: 331.9
review: this is a great game!
game-hours: 91.9
review: Um jogo mesmo muito bom :)
game-hours: 120.8
review: Make sure to pack heavy because once you enter the world of Skyrim, you're not going to be leaving any time soon.
game-hours: 330.9
review: This is probably the best game ever.
game-hours: 101.5
review: One of the best games I've ever played. I played on ps3 before pc and had about 200 hours with 2 play throughs. Now with the pc version I've played it once more for 100 hours and I feel like i need to play it again.
game-hours: 288.0
review: I love this game. The mods are endless and the fun never ends. I highly recommend.
game-hours: 231.8
review: Probably one of the best Elder Scrolls game I have ever played. There is so much to do, especially when you learn how to mod. Hours of gameplay, and free roaming. I give this game and 10 out of 10!
game-hours: 211.1
review: Get Da Friken Game
game-hours: 88.7
review: ive lost my family, friends, work. this game took over my life... AND I LOVE IT
game-hours: 109.2
review: Best dragon killing simulator
game-hours: 201.1
review: It's very nice. Buy it.
game-hours: 274.3
review: I'm surprised I never wrote a review for this. After 3-4 years I'm pretty sure everyone knows this is a really good game, not only a great vanilla game but there's so many great mods for it.
game-hours: 126.8
review: I'm not the type to rate games like this. I'm a fan of Pokemon and Nintendo. Yeah, I'm THAT guy lol. But when I was introduced to this game through a friend, I realized there was a whole new world of gaming that I have missed. I watched him play this game for hours, getting totally into the story, the characters, the action... it was mind-blowing. Now that I have played this game for myself, I see why so many people get lost in it. The mods are what keep me coming back. I love being able to add new weapons and armour and even missions. It's what keeps me coming back to this game after a year of owning it. If there are any gamers out there who haven't given this a try, you should. It replace any mario or pokemon game you play, at least for awhile. ;p
game-hours: 141.2
review: Mod it til it dies 10/10
game-hours: 135.6
review: Launching people off cliffs with unrelenting force, stabbing people with daggers, and launching firebolts at a dragon, this game is fantastic. I have played this over a few systems, In total I have about a thousand hours logged into skyrim. Im not even done yet. There are still people with quests and stories I have to complete. Yes there are many things that make this game unrealistic, boring, and less fun than some of the other games, but it is still a fantastic game. And even after you start getting bored, the modding community makes the game even better. It really breathes new life into the game after you spend a lot of time in skyrim and do most of the quests. I have modded it to oblivion and back (see what I did there?) I still bet I could log in hundreds more hours if it weren't for real life.
game-hours: 99.5
review: If you want to be a loner for life, buy this game
game-hours: 123.0
review: SWORDS
game-hours: 100.9
review: Amazing Game. So many different things to do that It would take hundreds of hours to complete it all, and that is just without mods. There is such and extensive mod collection for this game. Some mods are even as big as the DLC for this game which I would also reccamend. If you own a PC and do not own Skyrim you are doing something wrong
game-hours: 93.0
review: This is the best Bethesda RPG thus far. It offers terrific gameplay mechanics, numerous stories relatively seamlessly presented in a sandbox that does a great job of balancing sufficient player choices to be empowering with enough direction to avoid feeling aimless. This is easily one of the best games I've played in the last several years.
game-hours: 104.4
review: I wholeheartedly recommend Skyrim. It's one of my favourite games and it's very easy to get stuck into the world. It's been made with a lot of thought and effort put into not only the main quests, but even side quests. I'll often stroll into a cave or tomb and be wrapped up in a whole other story. It truly is a masterpiece.
game-hours: 181.8
review: Super fun open world game. I have not much to say about this game since it speaks for itself... Awsome, its fun, action packed and lets you be who you really want to be.. a stealthy wizard? or perhaps an assualt bowman? your choice in the wonderful land of SKYRIM. Game also has a nice modding community that is still going now, brining you back to keep playing this great game
game-hours: 111.1
review: Does it really need a discription?
game-hours: 6.4
review: What is there to say about this game that has not already been said? ITs the next chapter in the Elder Scrolls series, after Oblivion, which is said by some to be the greatest game of all time. THis game i feel slightly edges out Oblivion though. FIrst off.. its purdy... the graphics totally blow away all other bethesda titles. It has an amazing story, the gameplay is top notch, and it improves on the Oblivion formula greatly. If you have not played this game, go get it. You will not be disapointed.
game-hours: 147.8
review: This game is amazing, it has tons of content, it has an awesome open world and it keeps me busy for hours. This game is a masterpiece of RPG, with so many people you can meet so many quest you can do and so many annoying people you can kill. But the best thing of this game is, that it is fully moddable and the community makes mods without end. With the mods you have the abbility to design your game how you want it, you want a game where dragons are difficult? Then download something like deadly dragons.You want a completle different skill-system? then download a skill overhaul mod. You want to make your game to look like crysis? then download an enb. You want to have an errection and controll it with the arrow keys? then download a very special mod :3 Vanilla 8/10 Modded: 100 000/10
game-hours: 92.5
review: Skyrim is a well executed epic open world RPG with stunning graphics and great story. I would highly recommend this game as you can get tons of play time out of it. The only issues I had with the game were as follows. 1) Like some of Bethesda's other games, this one can; and I say "can" not will, have crashing issues with save files being corrupted. 2) The combat system while being robust, isn't as robust as it was in previous Elder Scrolls titles. However, you shouldn't let these two things deter you, the crashes don't happen to everyone, and the combat system is still great. Plus, if you include all the DLC and the workshop mods, this game has nearly limitless content. Well worth anyones time.
game-hours: 77.8
review: is this middle earth?
game-hours: 59.1
review: i'm forever single now
game-hours: 17.5
review: go to parthunax place, meet goat in the brigde goat run to small bridge entrace and stopped try to pass goat fall and die --------------------------- try to find shortcut in dungeon jump into water die 10/10
game-hours: 271.7
review: While both story and most characters are lacking in depth, the world of Skyrim is both huge and beautiful. It's a free world to explore and immerse yourself in for countless of hours of fun. The huge modding community only adds to the longevity of the game.
game-hours: 848.5
review: Most definitely the game that I've sunk the most amount of time into in my life. I tried it before I bought it on Steam. I loved it. I've spent over 2,000 hours easy in this game including my Steam time. I attribute that amount of time to modding and getting my build right. It's a necessity to mod this game but you have to play it vanilla first in order to appreciate what the modding community means to this game! Cannot recommend this game enough It does have its problems and bugs but "there's a mod for that!". 10/10
game-hours: 65.5
review: god made this game as a gift to humanity therefore you shall play okay
game-hours: 75.6
review: what a game simply awsome im also enjoying all the different mods that can be added to the game makes it so much better playing it around for the second time
game-hours: 75.8
review: Prepare to lose yourself in this imense experience.
game-hours: 9.2
review: Wanted to have a tea party with a giant, found myself flying.
game-hours: 39.0
review: 10/10 - Real life has no appeal to me anymore
game-hours: 66.6
review: This is a huge game, especially with the extras. The modding community keeps this game current, beautiful and always interesting. If you haven't played it, get out from under your rock.
game-hours: 988.9
review: The Elder Scrolls has never been more playableI can say that, at least, about Skyrim. Gone are the gameplay headaches, like the dice-rolls from Morrowind or the glitchiness of Oblivion. Visually, though perhaps not artistically, Skyrim is the most splendorous of the past three Elder Scrolls games. The different races and the landscape have never looked so good. Skyrim is always a steady gameplay experience; yet it still, in my eyes, is somehow less-expansive than Oblivion, and somehow less-detailed than Morrowind. It has the least flavor of the three games, perhaps because it is the most streamlined, the most pandering. The races are almost functionally identical. The actual differences between them (abilities, starting skill levels) are small in the first place and quickly grow completely irrelevant, effectively eradicating any real need to play the game as more than one race. It's fun to role-play different races, but the designers could still help out a little more. For example, yes, it should be possible for a High Elf to become a heavy fighterbut it should be much, much harder to doand much more fun and interesting than it presently is. The game is goodjust not as good as it should be. It's too one-size-fits-all.
game-hours: 135.4
review: One of the best games ive ever played! The only issue is occasianal bugs which you can fix by modding the game with unofficial patches! I love skyrim because of the fluid gameplay and funny irrelevent dialogs that have nothing to do with what you are doing! My favorite game of all time!!! Update: 02/01/2015 - The game has gotten really stale and theres seems to be nothing to do now!
game-hours: 316.4
review: its a good game
game-hours: 220.2
review: The best Rpg ever made by my opinion
game-hours: 30.9
review: All right. As probably no one person that will read this review knows, i did NOT have internet for 8 months. This game was the only thing that i had installed aside from terraria. I played it because i was bored to beond belief after 3 months. i had tried playing it when i first got it, and i lagged more than i ever knew possible, so i shut it down. When I tried it again, i just sat back and tried to endure the lag. IT PAID OFF. I had no idea this was made by the same people of fallout one of my favorite games of all time. And once i started playing it was well worth it. I will review this game the way i want to. If anyone disagrees, they get a BOOT TO THE HEAD. Gameplay Skyrim had very basic battle mechanics most people will understand if they read the directions given to them, but the real thing that stopped me was the lag. this game will lag beond belief if you dont have a good computer. All factors considered gameplay is 8/10 Graphics This game is aboely BEUTIFUL. if you run it at maximum quality the framerate takes a blow under the belt, but if you can handle the game running at high it is a work of genius. 9.5/10 Story Honestly the MAIN storyline was nothing to gawk at. typical middle earth storyline, hero arises saves the day. But i have to give credit where it is due. the secondary storylines are where it is at. the dark brotherhood and theives guild is where the story was great. 7.5/10 Replay value This game has the highest replay vaule ive ever seen. Pretty much you can play this game 500 times and still find stuff you missed on the way. with that said this game gets a 11/10 for replay vaule. Music Skyrim has the best soundtrack i have ever heard. the music was well balanced and placed where it was needed. 10/10 Modding Skyrim has the biggest modding fanbase in the world. anything you could want in skyrim, there is a mod for it. and then there is the offical DLC's as well. 10/10 for modding. After taking all elements in, i give skyrim a 9.5/10. and it is an absolute MUST BUY.
game-hours: 71.0
review: This game makes me moist beyond belief
game-hours: 22.1
review: Killed a chicken Got hunted by a whole town....
game-hours: 213.0
review: Best game ever made untill the next Elder Scrolls game! :)
game-hours: 128.9
review: Amazing.
game-hours: 38.8
review: Best game ever !!!
game-hours: 318.9
review: There's a dragon.
game-hours: 263.4
review: Amazing graphics, great gameplay but can get boring at times. Make sure to try out some community-made mods after you're finished! All in all, a great addition to The Elder Scrolls saga! :D
game-hours: 372.0
review: I FRICKIN LOVE IT ! I have played this game forever and it never ends wow ! I actually think that you will never see or do all the things you can do in this game. well worth whatever you have to pay to get it. what i like the most is no internet is required talking bout old school install and play....Thank The Gods ! there are not enough hrs in the day to play this game. Mods are out standing and plentiful. when world of warcraft server was down i could always fall back on skyrim, no log in required, no password no internet just launch and continue where you left off....no cloud to deal with, no strain on system resources, no third party app to deal with. prior elder scroll games are the same....just do it if you love hack and slash, magic and dragons in your face first person or third person style....your choice.
game-hours: 43.9
review: What other game on Steam lets you fight giant, flying, fire-breathing Macho Man Randy Savage as a topless anime babe?
game-hours: 140.0
review: Who need thief games when you can steal guards clothes without them being noticed. 10/10
game-hours: 528.8
review: What else can I say that hasn't been said. Endless hours of fun and so many character skill choices and combinations that it rarely gets boring. Just find your favorite play style: fighter, mage, thief and get started today!
game-hours: 100.6
review: with mods i can murder children
game-hours: 110.4
review: halp me...
game-hours: 93.4
review: Its a good game,on sale most of the time,so buy it if you don't have it.Also,OVERSEXUALIZED MODS EVERYWHERE!!
game-hours: 1.9
review: What can I say nothing really ..... this game was gifted to me by a good chum the end
game-hours: 18.9
review: Awesome game, totally love it. The exploring part got a little boring at first but that's my only complaint. 20/10
game-hours: 462.6
review: How can you not at least beat this masterpiece?
game-hours: 186.1
review: Best rpg game i've ever played
game-hours: 54.1
review: skyrim is by far my favorite game to play. I can play for hours at a time without wanting to stop
game-hours: 14.0
review: Skyrim is a good RPG, but not a great one. I have been an avid fan of the Elder Scrolls series since Morrowind back when I was a wee lad playing that lovely dirt-colored game on my brother's original Xbox back in 2003-2005. Anyways, I was expecting this game to be a more refined version of Oblivion, which has a special place in this Cuban's heart, but Skyrim was different. It felt targeted for a broader audience, not one the typical Bethsesda RPG fan like me and many others. Forgive the word, but Skyrim is the epitome of a casual RPG. If my brother, the same brother who bought Morrowind for me and my other brother back in 2003 but hated it, can sink hours into this game like it was Call of Duty, then it definitely is a casual RPG. Does that make it bad? God no! Skyrim is an extremely pretty game that I would love to indulge myself in if I had more time to. I just feel like if anyone can pick, swing a sword, and kill  in an RPG, it is casual. Try doing that in Oblivion against some tougher creatures and your  will become mudcrab food along the shores of that bloom covered and colorful land.
game-hours: 138.9
review: this game is very addictive and amazing so if you are prepared to abandon your social life, i recommend playing this game
game-hours: 24.0
review: Well, this is one oft he best games I have ever played. Moving between Third and First Person views is nice. Story is nice. Graphics are WONDERFUL! And the game itself is really hard sometimes. Beats Triple-A titles of 2014 easily.
game-hours: 70.7
review: Bought this game years after its release yet this is already a classic that will survive time, with a neverending set of mods to improve quality at this pace this game may have decent modern graphics for a the next decade. For the price steam sales have been making this huge game is a steal. This game will keep you hooked for days, weeks, months exploring the gorgeous landscapes of the huge world full of little secrets here and there. The only negative point is that you may not have time for your own life, seriously play it during some holidays or something because this game may absorb you.
game-hours: 288.1
review: AMAZING. Immersive. A huge map with enemies galore. Many quests to keep you continously occupied for hours on end. Truly a well made game.
game-hours: 43.7
review: Shouted my follower off the top of High Hrothgar and he survived. 10/10
game-hours: 72.7
review: Addictive and amazing
game-hours: 80.9
review: The last time I played Skyrim was back in 2011 on the Xbox 360 and although I enjoyed it I never touched it since, I was told that it was still very popular on PC which I found a little hard to believe considering how quickly titles age on console. I was wrong. For a three year old game that I played a fair bit of in the beginning, wow, the modding community have made this game their own. With some graphical and gameplay enhancment mods as well as the mod that universally improves the game and removes a lot of bugs Skyrim looks amazing on PC! I get lost in the games sheer beauty, the amount of work that has gone into the Skyrim mods is astounding and it shows! For me it has brought back my desire to play Skyrim again, to see the game in sublime graphics and the enhanced performance granted by PC and the mods makes so much difference. I got Skyrim and all of the DLC on sale for about 5, which is exceptional value, but it is the mods that make this game so good and by far superior on PC. One word of advice, be careful what mods you download and do your research first. The highest rated mods on the workshop and nexus are pretty much a given, you will download them because everyone else does, it's when you get a few pages in. My Skyrim would often through me back to the desktop which was annoying, but after a bit of mod housekeeping I managed to make this happen less, maybe once a session rather than several times. If you have a PC, which I assume that you do as you're reading this, and you don't have Skyrim already please buy it now. Just go, buy it... BUY IT NOW!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 180.6
review: I use this game to collect bees
game-hours: 154.9
review: An RPG, along with Dragon Age, KOTOR, and Witcher 2 that you can not afford to miss out on.
game-hours: 868.3
review: Love this game. Spent so much time playing it and you can make Skyrim last so long with so many mods. So many quest mods and more. I lost a lot of my social life due to it. :D
game-hours: 108.1
review: Skyrim compensates what it lacks in gameplay depth with content depth. You can run in any direction and find something worthwhile. Lots of intersting encounters, places, hidden quests etc. Don't expect your deeds to matter nor to have really deep combat. Just lose yourself in that huge huge world.
game-hours: 295.4
review: Skyrim is my favourite game of all time, I have so many hours of gameplay across both xbox and pc but I am STILL not anywhere near bored. I have played more hours on the xbox verison so far since I got that a year before the pc verision but I definitely recommend the PC version over xbox because it is so much more beautiful and you can add some truly genius mods! I think you need a pretty good pc in order to run this game, otherwise your laggy experience may cloud your judgement of the game. Using mods also significantly decrease FPS too so be warned. I love this game because I'm pretty sure it's almost impossible to actually do EVERYTHING in the game, theres just so much to do! And the beauty of that is, you barely even have to do any of the quests if you don't want..you could just spend your entire time raiding caves and dungeons and exploring the beauty of Skyrim's wilds. I currently have 100+ mods installed and although that may seem like an insult to the game..I actually think it is a huge praise since it is so well adapted to mods. Ok, some people can go silly with mods..sure, have everyone running around naked if you want to..but I recommend trying to build yourself a more immersive experience once you feel quite comfortable with the vanilla game. Want more of a challenge? Don't increase your difficulty, install mods such as Frostfall, iNeed and Warzones! Mods can be found at the Skyrim Nexus (generally bigger mods) and the Steam Community (generally smalled add-ins). Of course, there is nothing wrong with not touching mods at all..like i said..I have many hours of gameplay on my xbox version of Skyrim. Skyrim is so entertaining and addictive because it has rich, interesting lore, endless varied quests, and stunning sights! I rate this game 10/10 and I think it can be anyones' type of game...you can play however you like! You could be a swordsman, archer, mage, hunter, explorer, hero, assassin, theif...you can even be all of them if you put the time and effort in! I'm really excited for Elder Scrolls 6 but don't wait around for that..it will be at least another 3 years! This game is not at all outdated so add this game to your basket right now! I hope my review was helpful and I hope you agree with me!
game-hours: 38.7
review: Fun, but is much more enjoyable with mods.
game-hours: 103.3
review: Sitting at 35 Mods, Need More Can replay for your entire life Good even without mods But mod, trust me 9/10
game-hours: 64.2
review: This game latel has taken all my free time. By far it is certainly one of the best games in my steam library. I recommend this game for its vast game world, cool dungeons and fun quests
game-hours: 33.9
review: Nice experience of killing dragons and tons of  to do in the game ! 10/10
game-hours: 138.1
review: Get this now!
game-hours: 74.3
review: You kill people, 10/10
game-hours: 19.2
review: Who needs family or friends when you can kill dragons! 10/10
game-hours: 47.5
review: My buddy Taren McDongler loves this game.
game-hours: 200.3
review: 10/10 would deleted my memory to play again.
game-hours: 282.5
review: With as many hours as I have on record any words in saying this game is good is meaningless, but here it is. It's a great game. It's controls are good, I'm never like dang it the controls screwed me. There's a few bugs, but they are few are far between compared to the amount of content there is. The soundtrack, voice acting is good, if not great. In theory it's an open world action RPG, in truth its really what you want it to be. You want to be lead by the nose and go where the major quests take you, want to say screw all the quests, and just clear out a dungeon because you're a serial killer, want to join the bard college and just travel around with out really doing much of anything? Well the game lets you do all of those or none.
game-hours: 293.8
review: In a lot of ways, it is a typical open-world game: there are missions you can go on, if you chose to accept them; there are no level restrictions to certain areas; you are free to level up your character as desired with no pre-set formats. In other ways, the game can be a bit tedious: the combat is not that complex; archery is a bit over powered; and the skills system is mundane to level up (you either gain skill points by using the skill or purchase them from trainers). But that said, I love this game, a fact evidenced by the almost 300 hours I've spent playing this game. The level of detail to the environment and atmosphere is tremendous. The ability to mod the game, and the mods that have come out, its what truly give this game its beauty. If you are the kind of person that loves expansive, immersive environments, you must have this game. If you are a game-lore nerd, you must buy this game.
game-hours: 156.0
review: Absolutely stunning game in terms of content, graphics & writing. Must play for RPG fans.
game-hours: 137.1
review: This game is one of the best I've played in a very long time. The content in this game is so massive that you will probably end up playing over 200+hrs if you want to complete all the quests. 5 out of 5 stars!!
game-hours: 1.2
review: Nice game
game-hours: 10.1
review: Buy it, now, without hesitation. Do it!
game-hours: 1309.5
review: AMAZING
game-hours: 192.2
review: Loved it!
game-hours: 147.8
review: I shouldnt even have to tell you all to buy this game. If you do not, for some reason, own this game, stop whatever your doing and buy this RIGHT NOW
game-hours: 53.4
review: great game
game-hours: 143.7
review: This game is well good. You can get drunk and punch bears. 10/10
game-hours: 244.3
review: Incredible amount of content, easily immersive. Lets me be a lesbian without thinking twice, love it.
game-hours: 365.9
review: Pretty sweet.
game-hours: 37.4
review: IF YOU HAVEN'T PLAYED THIS GAME, PLAY IT. ----- IF YOU HAVE PLAYED THIS GAME, PLAY IT AGAIN. After 400 plus hours playing Skyrim and all of its DLCs on the peasant console race, I thought I had done it all. I was Archmage, Guildmaster, Listener, Harbringer, Civil War hero, Vampire Slayer, and the best Dragonborn ever (sorry Miraak). I built houses, slayed dragons, murdered who I could, and generally brought total chaos to Skyrim. I truly believed the game had no more to offer me. Soon I discovered PC, Steam, and modders. Steam Summer Sale did its job and made me buy Skyrim. Seriously, ten bucks? Who would pass a deal like that up? I still had my doubts though. I already owned the game on console, so why should I buy it again just to play it on PC? I'll tell you why: Mods. ing mods (excuse my language). Not just mods about ing, though. I ensure you that if you search hard enough, you will find a mod for just about anything. Whether it'd be a mod that makes everyone nude underneath their clothes, a mod that turns dragons into trains, a mod that adds realism through thirst and hunger, a mod that adds DLC sized content, or a ing mod. Yes, you'll find those. The possibilities of modding are endless with Skyrim. You can make it as realistic as possible or create the fantasy RPG you've always wanted. The choice is your's with mods. No vanilla options holding you back. No console peasant race pulling you down. So go my children. Purchase this game. Mod the hell out of it. And spend possibly +400 hours of your life slaying dragons, testing out new mods, and Fus-Ro-Dah-ing all over your keyboard.
game-hours: 95.5
review: People keep talking about going outside but i dont understand what that means.
game-hours: 36.1
review: Monssui turpaa ja sit rataa. 4/5.
game-hours: 144.9
review: #DragonSlayinIn2k14 10/10
game-hours: 95.6
review: I don't think this game will ever end and I don't want it to. It's such a beautiful game!
game-hours: 339.5
review: Its been a long time since I played any of the Elder Scrolls games and now I own three of the five that are out including the DLC. I really like these games, yes there is a set story line but its more like a choose your own adventure novel when playing. If you like adventure RPG's then these games and this game is for you .
game-hours: 239.2
review: You can fight againts ing dragons in epic battles and explore an open world that no matter how much time you spend in the game you'll never finish to explore the map. Warning: ITS SO ADDICTIVE
game-hours: 90.3
review: I love this game. I have played it since it came out, and i still play it. You become an addict to it, and discover new things everyday in it. If you ever get done with the game (Not very likely) you can just install mods and get tons of more gameplay. I can't see anything bad in this game
game-hours: 8.3
review: This game is proof that art can exist in videogames too , its an astonishing masterpiece!
game-hours: 559.1
review: Any PC user should consider using mods. They convert what is a rough diamond into a flawless diamond. Definitely Elder Scrolls V is a masterpiece, anyway.
game-hours: 247.6
review: If this game was a banana, it would be a good banana
game-hours: 32.0
review: PERFECT no bugs, (unlike those people who say there were) great story, good graphics, great music, map borders? there are, but i have never run into one, best game ever 90/10
game-hours: 418.0
review: Vanilla game is cool but mods are where this game really shines and you should definetly get at least SkyUI.
game-hours: 6.0
review: Interesant RPG
game-hours: 96.5
review: great graphics and story line.
game-hours: 111.4
review: I was looking at a fork (Ysgramor's Soup Spoon) when Calixto said: "Now, I know what you're thinking - that's not a spoon, it's a fork! No one can eat soup with a fork. Well, my friend, you did not know Ysgramor." Skyrim teaching manners! EDIT: I tried it and stuck my mouth 10/10
game-hours: 112.0
review: You can't get a better singleplayer on Steam i double dare you! It's seroiusly 10/10
game-hours: 51.3
review: There I was, facing at least 20 Macho Man Randy Savages, and I had to act fast, or I was getting twisted into a slim jim. My Rainbow Dash was a least 15 Teemos away, a distance not just anyone could cover before they would get slim jim-ified. But I wasn't just anyone. I was Yeager Bombastic! So I made a wild jump for my pony, but it was too late. The Macho Men all breathed fire on me, and my health was going down fast. So I did what any regular Dragonborn would do. I ate 67 potatoes, recovering fully. The Macho Men stopped breathing fire and closed in on me. I hopped on Rainbow Dash, brandishing my lightsaber. I looked at the Macho Men. They looked at me. The very air was quivering with anticipation. Then, one of the Macho Men screamed: "OH YEAH!", and they charged! I spurred my horse, and we rode into battle. After an exhausting fight that lasted hours (in game hours so about 3 minutes), I came out victorious, but my poor little pony had perished. I didn't really care though. I didn't like that show anyway. So I stumbled back to my house that I had crafted with my bare hands, afraid that my wounds would conquer me before I could get home, and finally, I reached for the door handle, knowing that my faithfull wife would heal me, and upon going inside, it happened... My foot glitched, hit a basket, and I died. Like Skyrim with baskets . 10/10 would glitch again.
game-hours: 69.1
review: This game is amazing.
game-hours: 154.7
review: I cannot describe how epic this game is... even after more then a yeah it's graphics (including mods) are amazing
game-hours: 101.9
review: WHAT VILLAGE ARE YOU FROM A? CRIPS OR DIE HORSE THEIF.
game-hours: 259.4
review: This is a great game! Probably one of the best i've ever played! Yolo
game-hours: 158.3
review: If i buy a bundle will it delete my previous charcter?
game-hours: 204.2
review: Not as good as Skyrim but still good.
game-hours: 542.7
review: Skyrim is a brilliant and epic rpg that is made even better by the fact that the modding community around it is so large and vast. The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim stands along side its siblings as a grand RPG, Skyrim posses a descent enough story with an ample amount of side quests to satiate your appetite. But I believe that the best part of skyrim its self is has a large open world, the beauty of it is just exploring until your hearts content, you'll find all sorts of things from dark murky caves to cites full of people and well LOOT! Now to talk about the exiting part of Skyrim, mods. This is when you find the true potential of the game, being able to add hours of gameplay to a game that can be improved or just tweaked to how you want it to be; from texture overhauls, to quests and mechanic changes. Modding skyrim is a lot of fun and simple (mostly). If you have played any of the other TES games or have never picked one up this is a great place to start, so go forth buy it I promise you won't be disappointed (most likely =P)
game-hours: 70.5
review: Must-Buy, Highly Addictive and Extremely Fun game. Just shut up and go buy it, LOL.
game-hours: 79.2
review: Doing a dwarven temple quest. On the last leg of the quest, I go into this room with buttons, turns out it was a puzzle. This thing in the middle kept turning when I pressed the buttons. Eventually I solved the puzzle I guess. The thing whirred, and then opened up. Inside was the Elder Scroll. So I basically beat the game in 3 weeks.
game-hours: 4.1
review: This game is probably one of my favourite open world games. First its medieval but at the same time there is magic. The graphics are good for its year. The game plays is just awesome. The powers you can get the way the game starts its a really great game. 10/10 would buy again
game-hours: 1149.7
review: Really good game where you can do anything you want. Skyrim can keep you playing for hours plus 3 DLC to add more things to do. It also has mods from the Steam Workshop and other websites that have Skyrim mods such as the Nexus. My playtime says it all.
game-hours: 770.7
review: i mean its pretty good
game-hours: 9.2
review: So this game is amazing. Lets not lie if you're looking at a review for this game, you lack common sense.
game-hours: 159.0
review: It's amazing. I can't explain, the graphics, the story, the gameplay, everything is just amazing.
game-hours: 66.4
review: good story + awesome mod = perfect game
game-hours: 178.2
review: Every five years or so a new elder scrolls game comes out, it reminds me i've gotten older...then again, every time a new elder scrolls game comes out, i feel like a kid on christmas eve :P
game-hours: 245.6
review: Man, oh man. Where can I begin with this game? It's epic in proportion, production, immersion, emotion, frustration, elation, ...and other various 'tions that may or may not apply to you specifically. The story itself is really good, though now that I've played through the game at least a dozen times. It's kind of lost its luster to me, but that doesn't mean it's bad, just that now that I know what to expect, I have to really immerse myself in something different in order to not completely abandon the main quest chain. That doesn't subtract from the replay value at all, however, for a couple of reasons. First, like many open world games, Skyrim is the kind of game you can lose hours in just wandering about and never really doing anything. I devoted an entire playthrough (if you want to call it that) to leveling a hunter/gatherer type character, just roaming the countryside hunting animals and selling their meat and pelts. I'd stumble across landmarks and geographic features I had no idea existed, run into NPCs I had never met, and see the world through the eyes of a character who, for once, wasn't destined to save it. The second thing that gives this game seemingly endless replay value is the modding community. There are mods that improve, add, change, and overhaul just about any aspect of the game you can imagine. From epic DLC-sized quest mods like Falskaar and Wyrmstooth, to little details like better footprints in the snow. There are mods that completely overhaul the perk system, and total conversion mods like the Game of Thrones Adaptation mod. The possibilities are nigh endless and the end result is often very very enjoyable. At the time of writing this review, Steam says 207 hours played. That doesn't count the non-steam version of the game I played for at least as long, if not longer. I find myself coming back over and over again, and each time I do, I discover something new to do. If you haven't yet, do yourself a favor and play this game.
game-hours: 410.4
review: Wonderful, wonderful game. Everything it was hyped up to be. With the ability to mod this game (on PC), this game really has so many possiblities and extras that will have you playing over and over again. There really aren't many games that have the type of re-playability that Skyrim has (even if it's not modded), and that's what makes this game incredible. It's arguably one of the top games of all time.
game-hours: 744.7
review: I recommend skyrim because there are so many story arcs to participate in and plenty of really cool areas and the scenary is just beautiful. There are some bugs and if you cant get the game to load after modding it take off all mods then load the game and try different mods see which ones work. The map is a good size to have an amazing adventure! I love the level up system in this game because it is so easy! One thing I don't like is having to choose sides in the war. However, if you choose imperial it is beneficial to the Dark Brotherhood quest line. The enemies were pretty cool for being randomly generated and rather tough in some cases (giants, frost trolls, trolls, etc.).
game-hours: 97.2
review: Mods 5/5 PCMAG
game-hours: 106.9
review: playtime says it all
game-hours: 223.9
review: possibly the greatest game of all time
game-hours: 2.7
review: If this game was a potato, it would be a good potato.
game-hours: 15.4
review: Finally bought game in Steam, 10\10 guys, the game is really awesome
game-hours: 139.6
review: Killing dragons with a ing sword and epic music. Theres also dragons u can kill, with a ing sword.
game-hours: 6.1
review: yes, very fun game
game-hours: 173.7
review: Skyrim has everything you want in a game. Good visuals, good story, good combat, and a great amount of variety. This game does a great job at immersing you into this world and keeping you there. It has dragons, werewolves, magic, vampires, otherworld gods, dark elves, mystery, "robots", tragedy, humor, awesome loot, and epicness. What you experience is based on how far you want to venture into this world and on top of all that, you have the steam workshop to add even more.
game-hours: 51.0
review: If you have it on console SELL IT!! PC IS BETTER!
game-hours: 73.4
review: Have you ever wanted to fight dragons? Live in a fantasy world? Or maybe be a adventure, well this game sure does give you the experience of having these, it's one of the greatest RPG's I've ever played, and I recommend that you take a shot in the world of the skyrim
game-hours: 42.8
review: Stole a horse and became more important enemy of the empire than dragon. 10/10
game-hours: 54.7
review: I absolutely love this game. Bethesda is far and away the best gaming company out there right now, Elder Scrolls and Fallout, I could play nothing but these two series for the rest of my life and be okay with it.
game-hours: 1566.1
review: Hours and hours of goodness!!!! 1600 hours can't be wrong
game-hours: 329.1
review: This game is one of the 3 most epic games I ever played.
game-hours: 290.8
review: Killed an entire orphanage of children. 1000/10
game-hours: 138.3
review: Awsome game, bad rpg. :D
game-hours: 80.1
review: Vast as an ocean Deep as a puddle Still a worthy time waster
game-hours: 597.4
review: Amazing graphics, awesome gameplay
game-hours: 76.9
review: come for the adventure stay for the vast library of sex mods 10/10 would ign again
game-hours: 9.3
review: dfssdfsdf
game-hours: 137.2
review: 50% Playing 55% Modding 5% Brain delusions from loss of life
game-hours: 43.2
review: I used to hate RPG, fantasy and middle age themed games. Then I met Skyrim. If you are the GTA, Battlefield, The Sims or Mario kind of gamer and think Skyrim is not for you, think again and try. I never believed I would like to play this genre of game.
game-hours: 106.6
review: After a very long and over due time I finally got Skyrim. I must start off by saying this game is astonishing, and it is anything an elder scrolls fan boy could ever want.. Or is it? Well you see I am 15 hours into the game now and right off the bat I fell in love with amazing look of the game. Also the magic in the game is something far more superior looking compared to what we have seen in previous games *Which is no surprise*. The game has such a great setting in my opinion I also like how often the climate changes it really follows the lore. Right off the bat I knew I wanted to play what I played in the previous games a Witch Hunter. I just love the thought and endless role playing possibilitys there are behind it. In Skyrim I knew it would be different to play but I didnt realize how different. Playing a Witch Hunter in Skyrim has brought a whole new meaning to it for me there is just so much more you can do! The start was well just as the others were your a prisoner *No Surprise* But the game throws you right into the action as you are running from a dragon. After a few minutes of running you have to make your first big choice in the game, side with the Imperial or Storm Cloaks. I chose Storm Cloaks due to it being something new. Then you have to go through a short part where you run around killing things and getting a feel for the game. After its all said and done you exit through the cave and are thrown into the wonderful world of Skyrim. You travel down a path and choose your first stone, which i though was very cool in the sense that you are not locked down to one character type you can mix match and are not stuck with Able to turn Invisible or Plus 20 to -insert skill- the whole game. Also the talent trees and the fact there is more then one way to branch off from one talent were a very great idea so thanks Bethesda! They in my mind open up so many possibilitys. Blacksmithing also adds so much to the game. I have always wanted the ability to make my own armor in elder scrolls games. Combat in the game was an improvement. One of my favorite parts of it was the killing cut scenes you get from time to time that show you in slow motion getting a head shot or showing you swing an axe over youre head and straight down onto an opponent. The dual casting system is fantastic and adds so much more you can do with magic. The ability to dual wield weapons also seems as if it would make playing a thief or fast melee type character much more enjoyable. The alteration in this game was also a huge improvement over its predecessor. At first I just started to go through the main quest line and found myself getting a bit bored of it and feeling as if i was missing so much more of the game. So i decided to start doing side quest. I did a few side quest then stumbled upon a few people killing a vampire the Dawnguard I spoke with them then got a quest update so I followed what it said knowing that this would greatly increase my RP experience. All in all Skyrim is a fantastic game with so many things to do and places to see.
game-hours: 180.5
review: Gets repetitive as you keep on playing, but until then, one blast of adventure after another.
game-hours: 116.1
review: paying to get trained in skills, then pickpocketing that money back later. 12/10
game-hours: 73.0
review: It's not just a game...
game-hours: 220.8
review: Very very amazing Open World - RPG - Adventure game, so much to explore! > 9 holds of Skyrim. From Solitude in the northwest: stronghold of the imperial; to Riften in the southeast: home of the thieves guild. > Lots of side quests outside of the main quest: faction quests, radiant quests, contracts, etc. > Be part of the Dark Brotherhood, The Companions, Thieves Guild, and College of Winterhold. > You may choose to join the Imperial Legion or Stormcloaks. > Improve your skills: Combat, Magic, Stealth, or all of them. > Smith and enchant weapons and armors, brew potions and poisons. > Explore mountains and dungeons, collect the daedric artifacts, learn the shouts, fight the dragons. > Be a Thane for each hold, have some followers, buy houses, get married, adopt a child. > Want more? Skyrim DLCs: Dawnguard, Dragonborn, and Hearthfire. > Also lots of great and useful mods.
game-hours: 108.7
review: You can shout at people , knock stuff off the table , put metal pot on someone's head and marry a lizard. Game of the year right there!
game-hours: 56.0
review: It is an adventure will never ends.
game-hours: 26.5
review: Dovazhul: Faal Zuwuth Deykel V: Keizaal los gein do zok dil, zok korin saavir RPGs do un tiid. Niist los lov vozah edil customization, voth pogaan reyliik, noot reyth, zun ahrk qah. Faal DLC expansions los bal ter makil korin wah kred vortii kodiist undoro. waarth do abilities los vorohah ahrk miik pogaan moor vomedaas poguk fah . Zir ko kred los moor, ahrk nid graal pruvos nir tum Deyra fah niist hil wah geblaan hin Deyren qah. Modding vetgar vos fah optimization ahrk pusojur fixes, ol pruzah ol entirely yun undoro, zun ahrk qah. Waan hi lost pruzah rihahdrim, definitely bir faal Zooruv rediirend fah PC sinon do fah franvoth. Pahnim Keizaal los lot kred bal enook cent. Waan hi haven't kiird nii tul, zemqulek nii vok nu. English: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is one of the deepest, most content rich RPGs of our time. Their is near infinite character customization, with many races, skill trees, weapons and armors. The DLC expansions are worth it adding immense content to the game beyond the initial adventure. The amount of abilities are insane and offer many fun different option for combat. Crafting in the game is fun, and nothing beats the feeling of hunting down Daedra for their hearts to complete your Daedric armor. The modding scene allows for optimization and bug fixes, as well as entirely new adventures, weapons and armor. If you have a good computer, definitely purchase the Legendary edition for PC instead of for console. Overall Skyrim is a great game worth every cent. If you haven't played it yet, pick it up now.
game-hours: 23.6
review: This game is by far one of the best games that I have ever played. I have always been a fan of fantasy RPG's, so I knew right away I would love this game. The game by itself is outstanding, but by being moddable, it has surpassed all of my expectations. 100 out of 10 points!
game-hours: 170.4
review: PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS  PENIS . GOOD GAME TOO
game-hours: 84.4
review: Best game ive ever played
game-hours: 121.9
review: I can't get enough of this game!
game-hours: 132.8
review: GOLD! GOLD EVERYWHERE!!
game-hours: 704.0
review: My favorite game EVER!!!
game-hours: 17.7
review: Freakin amazing
game-hours: 8.1
review: Stole some cheese from a farmer and everyone tries to kill me 10/10
game-hours: 83.2
review: On PC its no doubt better then consoles!! I have played/owned skyrim on every playable platform and I always come back to PC, the reason is MODS MODS MODS! Mods make the game so much more playable its rediculous. 10/10 for PC and worth the buy if you meet the PC requirements
game-hours: 264.1
review: Ooooh there once was a hero named Ragnar the Red Who came riding to Whiterun from ole Rorikstead! And the braggart did swagger and brandish his blade As he told of bold battles and gold he had made! But then he went quiet, did Ragnar the Red When he met the shield-maiden Matilda who said; "Oh, you talk and you lie and you drink all our mead Now I think that its time that you lie down and bleed" And so then came clashing and slashing of steel As the brave lass Matilda charged in full of zeal! And the braggart named Ragnar was boastful no mooore... When his ugly red head rolled around on the floor!
game-hours: 274.8
review: Ah, Skyrim. What a game. I don't even know where to start when describing the sheer brilliance and genius that this game is. I know I have said in a previous review that Team Fortress 2 is my all time favourite game, but now I'm not so sure. After returning to Bethesda's world of Skyrim again and again, and investing the amount of time that I have into it, I believe it is time for Team Fortress 2 to be removed from the prestigous podium that is my all time favourite game, and for Skyrim to replace it. I suppose I should start with the one aspect that the developers of Skyrim were so keen to get right (and believe me, they did), and that is the amount of choice the game offers the player. You can play the game however you want, and be whatever character you want. Do you want to play a psychopathic maniac who thirsts for the blood of the innocent? Or perhaps you want to play a bright wizard eager to uncover the mysteries of the magical world? Or even a hunter or rogue-like character who lives off the land and despises civilisation. These are just a few of countless potential characters that the game allows you to create. Think of a character, and you will be able to play him/her in the world of Skyrim. The game provides this freedom in many different ways. Firstly, you are never assigned to a class that limtis what skills you can divulge in. If you have been playing a thief-type character for 20 levels but you suddenly decide you want to try your hand in magic, then go for it! The game won't stop you. The factions scattered throughout the world of Skyrim provide a perfect training ground for all play styles, filled with intriguing NPCs, enjoyable quests and curious locations. Dialogue choices also allow you to flesh out your character's personality and make you feel like you are playing the character that you want to play. Also, there are little to no cutscenes. This could potentially sound like a disadvantage of the game, as cut scenes are generally considered 'cool' in most games. However this is not the case with Skyrim, as the lack of cut scenes means the game does not force a type of character onto you. Your character also has no voice, meaning that he or she is not forced to sound a way that you would not like you character to sound, if that makes sense. It is small details like this that allow you to create a genuinely fleshed out and truly unique character that you will love to play. The environment of Skyrim is also stunning. There are nine holds, and for each of them you can really see the thought that has gone into them form the developers to make each one seem unqiue and intriguing. The land of Skyrim is filled with huge mountain ranges (all of which are scalable, they are not mere backdrops to the game. If you see a mountain, go climb it, its yours for the conquering!), lush plains, deep forests and deadly, snowy wastelands. The diversity of the holds prevents the environment from becoming stale or dull. The same goes for all the cities throughout Skyrim, each one has been carefully thought out and crafted to have its own, unique personality. One cannot forget Jeremy Soule's beautiful and badass soundtrack that accompanies you on your adventures. It is truly a masterpiece, my all time favourite video game soundtrack. Despite my love for the game, I feel like it would be unfair if I ended this review without mentioning some of Skyrim's (admittedly few and petty) flaws. Firstly, it can be buggy. With a game as large and daring as Skyrim, bugs here and there are somehwat inevitable and to be expected. But they are not so frequent or disastrous to take away from the feel of the game. Some skills could have been rebalanced more effectively, and there are many exploits that can be used to turn your character into a God, but again it is not enough to take away from the joy of building your character the way you want them to as you go on your adventure. Lastly, most of the NPCs are not all that interesting and their dialogue choices are somewhat limited (but this only really becomes obvious after installing and playing with a mod such as Interesting NPCs, which adds over 230 fully voiced NPCs to the game that, to be honest, make the vanilla NPCs feel like interactive walls that serve to give you quests and maybe a bit of information, as oppose to real, living people with a fleshed out personality). To conclude, I would recommend Skyrim to everyone I met, regardless of their opinion towards games or how much they play or what games they prefer. Everyone should be able to appreciate Skyrim's ability to let you, the player, be in control of your character's story. Stunning setting, glorious soundtrack, intriguing quests and of course that peerless freedom of choice, Skyrim is an absolute bargain for 10, the DLCs are well worth the extra money and if you can get the game in a sale then you have pretty much cheated the system, for the amount of time one is able to invest into the game (particularly if you enter the world of modding, which i thoroughly recommed) is practically unmatched considering it is a single player experience.
game-hours: 55.4
review: did not include bagpipes, but was able to mod in a suitable subsititue. 6/10 need more bagpipes
game-hours: 353.0
review: An excellent, engaging game of it's genre. Highly recommend it for hours of entertainment.
game-hours: 349.6
review: I play on ultra high quality with HD mods and the HD texture pack. So HD it gives me a headache 10/10
game-hours: 6.7
review: Fun game
game-hours: 25.6
review: sure
game-hours: 226.9
review: This is still the best game in the genre. This game simply got so many things right and provides many hours of enjoyment. I am able to wander around and so many things to do, people to help, and quests to complete. I have completed every storyline and most of the off-quests. I cannot recomment this game more for the RPG fan.
game-hours: 78.4
review: This game helped me lose weight. Playing for 12 hours straight does that I guess.
game-hours: 32.8
review: I love this game! You can play for hours and still have more to play. The graphics are pretty nice too, and can be greatly improved my mods in the workshop. Definitely a must have for rpg lovers. XD The only thing I don't like about the game, and I am probably just being super picky, is that there could be more wildlife - especially in the water. So much water in the game and only a few kinds of fish. >,<
game-hours: 10.3
review: I had been playing this game for years on my Xbox360 and when I got it on PC it was a new game. With mods and better graphics, even on a smaller screen, it is a way better experience. This game gets a 9.7/10 as vanilla, but with mods this game is easily a 10/10.
game-hours: 531.4
review: Sick as game. Recommend it to any RPG players out there
game-hours: 15.6
review: 10/10... would Shag again
game-hours: 97.1
review: This game is legendary. It has revoloutionized how RPG games should play out with a rich plot, great diversity of game changing desicions and many other notable things. This is one of my top 5 favorite games. 10/10
game-hours: 16.4
review: This game, while not the most graphic of games, has an amazing story to it, offering so many options. It is definatly worth it.
game-hours: 49.8
review: EPIC FANTASY REBORN The next chapter in the highly anticipated Elder Scrolls saga arrives from the makers of the 2006 and 2008 Games of the Year, Bethesda Game Studios. Skyrim reimagines and revolutionizes the open-world fantasy epic, bringing to life a complete virtual world open for you to explore any way you choose. LIVE ANOTHER LIFE, IN ANOTHER WORLD Play any type of character you can imagine, and do whatever you want; the legendary freedom of choice, storytelling, and adventure of The Elder Scrolls is realized like never before. ALL NEW GRAPHICS AND GAMEPLAY ENGINE Skyrims new game engine brings to life a complete virtual world with rolling clouds, rugged mountains, bustling cities, lush fields, and ancient dungeons. YOU ARE WHAT YOU PLAY Choose from hundreds of weapons, spells, and abilities. The new character system allows you to play any way you want and define yourself through your actions. DRAGON RETURN Battle ancient dragons like youve never seen. As Dragonborn, learn their secrets and harness their power for yourself.
game-hours: 31.4
review: Wow
game-hours: 14.0
review: One of the best games of this type. The quality of graphics processing is excellent, the developer is not the complaint. The gameplay is good and a couple of small mistakes, but they carry up so visible. So this game ssa not say anything that would be players who love this game tip discourage this game.
game-hours: 49.7
review: Awesome Game!
game-hours: 79.9
review: Epic, a must have title! It's the ultimate open-world RPG. Get into modding and transform a 8/10 game into a 10+1/10 game.
game-hours: 292.9
review: A classic open world game. By far the best on PC due to the excellent modding community. The main story and combat are indeed mediocre, but this game is all about pulling you into its world. One of my all time favs!
game-hours: 119.8
review: too many mods, burnt out processor 11/10
game-hours: 274.7
review: Step 1: Mod this game to look stunning and beautiful. Step 2: Never leave the house again. ...Because it will never achieve the glorious beauty of a modded Skyrim. Water will never look as good. You'll grow jaded to the joys of being outside in actual sunshine. Plus you can't be dovahkiin in real life, and that is just utterly awful to think about.
game-hours: 7.9
review: 10/10 Would review again.
game-hours: 225.9
review: Probably one of the best games I've ever played. Except the story that is a bit boring, everything from the beginning to the end is awesome. The hundreds of mods you can add to the game to fully customize it and to enhance it also contribute to the awesomeness of this. 10/10. [Pros] : + Litterally hundreds of mods that you can install for an almost never-ending experience. + Deep character customisation (especially with mods) + Hundreds of quests besides the main one + Dozens of different caves, cities, towns, mountains etc., beautiful landscape (with mods too). + Fully-voiced game in some languages (French, German, English...) with thousands lines of dialogue, great for immersion + Various quests with various objectives + Huge number of weapons, items, spells etc. + Perfect for role-playing + Possibility to switch at anytime between 1st person or 3rd person + Hundreds of hours or gameplay if you want to finish all the game + Immersive gameplay + Will push your GC at its maximum with mods [Cons] : - Linear dungeons that all have roughly the same structure - Looks bad on computers that aren't powerful [Conclusion] : A must-have. You should play this at least once in your life. Don't hesitate to install a s***-ton of mods even before you start your first playthrough. (But beware of your GC limitations) How your character can look like with 10 mods installed and some skill :
game-hours: 154.5
review: Norway simulator
game-hours: 44.1
review: Freaking awesome game, need I say more?
game-hours: 364.1
review: The base game nothing too special, but modded it has the potential for hundreds of hours
game-hours: 370.4
review: love it. steam workshop makes it better and more play time
game-hours: 73.7
review: The elder scrolls franchise is amazing, especially Skyrim. If you love open-world RPG's and haven't played Skyrim yet...... Honestly where the f**k have you been!? 11/10
game-hours: 110.6
review: Great game regardless, but being able to mod via the workshop makes the experience so much better and adds huge amounts of replay value.
game-hours: 30.9
review: I love this game its the best of all the Elder Scrolls games. Just make sure you have a few hours before you start because you wont wanna put it down very easily. Slaying Dragons is a blast and quests are fun, but sneaking and bow hunting is where its at :)
game-hours: 1257.1
review: There is so much that can be said about TESV. Though much more streamlined than it's predecessors, Skyrim's gameplay is the most fluid of all the Elder Scrolls games. Add to this one of the greatest modding communities in gaming, and you will never have to leave Tamriel again (including to play that terrible MMO).
game-hours: 92.6
review: Your portal to awesomeness.
game-hours: 280.4
review: Are you bored of having to follow a quest line? Angry with that one npc and yet you cannot touch him? well skyrim throws all that out of the window, from being a badass warrior to just a lumbermen if you want, all is possible, I assure you, hours of fun are garanteed and besides you have dragons what else do you want :O About replayability, even tough there are a lot of quest and I mean it it if you get the even a tinny tiny bit bored you can buy the expansions from which I advice the Dragonborn and the Dawnguard really nice storylines and new areas and lets not forget that is moddable, Hearthfire I only advice to real skyrim lovers because lets see it, in the end the only nice thing is that you may build your own house So yeah buy this game now XD and if steam made a discount on it then you have no excuse just buy it you wont beleive the wonders skyrim has in it for you.
game-hours: 74.0
review: ,   ...)
game-hours: 76.9
review: What I've learned from my, so far, few hours of playing: Lydia is so ing annoying. Nevermind that though, because this game is completely wonderful. I'm really glad I picked up on this when I did, because now I'm addicated. This will soon take over my most hours in a game. I reccomend buying this. And if you happen to get Lydia as your little slave, I will pray for you. God bless. Not really.
game-hours: 125.2
review: This is one of the BEST GAMES EVER!!! You must have it. You may beat the game once but u can do it again but a different way or person OR BOTH!!!
game-hours: 296.7
review: This game is highly recommended by me and many others because of its open world rpg fantasy game. It consists of a huge map, full of dungeons, places and quests to find and do, and has many creatures to fight. As Dragonborn, I find the game gives you very OP powers. But thats alright, I like it when games do that.
game-hours: 0.4
review: 10/10 Would spend another 100 hours playing it
game-hours: 78.9
review: Spent lots of time on this game. Probably about 500 hours + (not logged on steam) well worth the money if you are into any other Bethesda games (rpg) loads of different dungeons and a much larger world/sandbox than Fallout 3. I highly reccomend this to any rpg fan. There are different stones to activate to get different perks etc - soo much to this game, it is truly epic :D for the price in the sale just buy it and save it for when you have lots of spare time or you can do quick 10 minute side quests if your time is sparse - like me :) I'm on my 13th playthrough and still enjoy it :D
game-hours: 558.8
review: Awesome graphics, arrows and knees, shouting, and Dragons! so fun and the A.i. are funny as hell! lol just get the game, and you'll see.
game-hours: 244.3
review: Dragon farming simulator
game-hours: 61.5
review: ,        .
game-hours: 21.0
review: THIS GAME IS SO GOOD. There are so many things to do, so many options, and so many possibilities. Will you help this homeless man? OR will you pickpocket him and then strip him, and then hang him upside down.
game-hours: 11.8
review: the best single player open world rpg game!!!
game-hours: 78.5
review: When you think "waht is vidya gaem?". You think of skyrim. This is the essence of gaming as a whole in a tight  sexy body 20 gigabyte package. If you could suck a games , you'd stroke skyrims balls first, then skip the fellatio and then shove the shaft in your  and squeeze down. They get everything right in this masta piece: they got es, memes, guns, modern warfare, zombies, cremes, guns, open world, feeding, spicy stories, being afk. They have it ALL. If there was a complaint to be had it could only be that it triggered an era of gaming that copied this godlike formula and gave birth to games like Pacman, Half-Life, Last of Us, and even the renown Call of Counter-Strike. So next time you ask yourself to describe the best of gaming, just  on your keyboard, boot Skyrim, and install a bestiality mod. - 6/10
game-hours: 79.2
review: amazingly fun to modify
game-hours: 34.8
review: Playing skyrim is like walking in on your mother doing "it". At first your afraid and confused but then you get used to it and fantasize about it more later. 10/10
game-hours: 3.5
review: A awesome rpg game with fantastic gameplay and beautiful and all people give a  about is making their female chacter have bigger . 10/10 I think i'm the only person in the world that hasn't downloaded a nude mod for this game
game-hours: 130.2
review: Excellent game. The possibilities are endless. Especially with mods.
game-hours: 84.4
review: MOD IT UNTIL IT CRASHES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 264.8
review: It's an amazing RPG with and very open world and has more things to do in it than i can count. A few minor glitches set it back but by very little. You can also mod the game to your hearts content. So buy this game. 9001/10
game-hours: 20.5
review: Awesome single-player action RPG.
game-hours: 441.8
review: I liked this.
game-hours: 1204.0
review: Consider my playtime on this game - most would call me a fanatic. But the simple truth is that the majority of my playtime was not recorded until I was able to link my selection of mods with Steam. Skyrim is an like a Sketch of a masterpeice by a toddler, a crayon scribble with boundless effort and ethusiasm, but very little actual substance. Where Morrowind succeeds in telling a great story, Skyrim fails, yet it's everything Morrowind needed as technological improvements for total immersion. Skyrim with it's arcade style gameplay (levelling up by using abilities) allows the player to control the pacing - yet With Mods, it can both excel and surpass even the deepest of Immersive games like Metro 2033, and improve the combat mechanics to the level of Jedi outcast. The most important mods I can recommend for this game, that has allowed for so much replay would be. Interesting NPC's - 300 NPC's with interesting, funny, lore based dialgue. There's even a regular Joe who asks who you, the player are, If you reply Dragonborn, he interviews you. Start a new Life - Allows the player to skip the Intro sequence and ignore the Dragonborn quests if you want to Roleplay, allows hundreds of back stories, starting locations and items. Want to become a Hunter in the wilds? Want to become a Forsword and learn their culture? Or want to become a Vampire's Thrall? Stacks with Interesting NPC's incredibly fluidly. Sneak tools - Allows the crafting and use of Water and Fire Arrows - Incorporates the ability to light and put out candles with magic and enviromental effects. A total atmosphere changer during combat. There are many more but you need only install the highest endorsed by the community pages of Nexus and Skyrim workshop Lastly - If you've gotten bored of Skyrim. - another recommendation 1 Find and Load - a Save game with 100% Skyrim completion & try out the DLC's for Skyrim fresh?
game-hours: 514.2
review: Stole a kid's sweet role. 10/10 would buy again
game-hours: 128.1
review: Very fun game to play if you want fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play. 10/10 would sell drugs to kids again.
game-hours: 47.0
review: This game is one of the best games to play on PC as you can use the Steam Workshop or the Skyrim Nexus to add mods into your game to improve and change your game
game-hours: 727.5
review: Since I got this game I've played it quite a lot, and I must say I still enjoy playing it a bit, every now and then ... But only a bit of play at a time :P It is one of the best games I've played so far, and it's fantastic modding community keeps it alive and breathing. I've even made a mod myself! :) Though it has it's flaws (the so-called Elder Scrolls Bugs, or ... Whatever it is they call it :P) I highly recommend everyone to try it out!
game-hours: 36.5
review: Made a girl with big boobs. Made her wear ty armor. Kill dragons. 10/10 Would play again.
game-hours: 94.1
review: Reviewed this game for the steam badge
game-hours: 255.5
review: After killing the bride Vittoria Vici with a big rock - I was the new fiance of Asgeir Snow-Shod. And he was very happy about it! Not only a game - it was a very exciting and heroic adventure especially the second time! One of the best games ever! 10/10
game-hours: 191.8
review: good fantasy game with a good main story but even if the main vases vases Pib get tired you can do side quests like to join a guild to kill someone or zvate hunt for fun but now the game has bags like that you piece-figure Bugno the rocks or that it will kill an animal but otherwise very good game! I recommend
game-hours: 85.0
review: Where do I start with this game? Well for one, the game world is ing GIGANTIC and very immersive, the combat is a step up from Oblivion, it feels much less stiff. Third person mode is actually playable now, (Thank GOD) and there is just SO much to do, exploring caves and ruins, killing dragons, finding dragon priest masks, finding dragon shouts, getting better loot, it's almost over whelming. This game is bursting with content and there are many ways to play the game and many paths to take, I highly recommend you get the legendary edition for even more content, story and even an entirely new region, this game is an example of how you SHOULD do DLC. I seriously could not recommend this game more, buy it now. DRAGONS M8 I R8 8/8
game-hours: 445.4
review: FUS RO DAH! Thats all there is to it.
game-hours: 123.9
review: Anybody enjoy running around and killing deers/wolves with a bow and arrow?.. am I playing the right game?
game-hours: 38.8
review: lekker gampje hoor echt tof gewoon
game-hours: 103.1
review: So much opened space with great landscapes.
game-hours: 244.0
review: Just need to play in this game.
game-hours: 245.6
review: Stole a sweet roll and got arrested 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 76.2
review: Imagine first person Grand Theft Auto set in medieval times with much better graphics, better gameplay, and it paying attention to detail. This is the world's best game ever. This. Is. Skyrim.
game-hours: 64.1
review: Skyrim is very straightforward. You are slapped down in the middle of a huge world full of things to do and told that You Are The Chosen One who must Venture Forth and Save The World from Dragons. But first, maybe you'll just talk to this sketchy adventurer in the general store. 60+ hours later, you will realize that you have battled ancient horrors, explored many haunted dungeons, murdered thousands of bandits, and collected every wheel of cheese in the game, but you totally forgot about that whole dragons-burning-the-world thing.
game-hours: 321.3
review: Open world freedom to explore what you want when you want. In addtioion to the workshop the amount of user content is absured and entertaining. A must get for people who love exploration and senseless killing of things.
game-hours: 104.1
review: Best RPG I have ever played 10/10
game-hours: 362.5
review: Graphics are so powerful and realistic, dragon breathed fire on me and smoke came out of my previous laptop which also destroyed its graphics card and motherboard. A perfect 10/10!
game-hours: 90.1
review: You say just five more minutes then you end up playing for 3 hours.
game-hours: 17.4
review: My most loved game of all times! I can't even count all the times I've reset my game just to see the story return. I flippin love it 10/10
game-hours: 54.2
review: one of the best games I ever played. game of the year 2011.
game-hours: 32.7
review: YES,YES,YES,YESSSS!!!!!!!!! This is my favorite game of all time! you are living in the medieval ages who finds out that hes a dragonborn! the posibilities are endless on this game! you can be a knight,thief,mage,a berserker, and a lot more! it is very well done with the best graphics i've seen in my entire life!!!! and yes, i said mage, you have a chance to be the most bada#s spell master in the land of skyrim! the regular skyrim is fantastic, yet if you want to have the experience of a life time, save up your money for the legendary adition! i would rate this game 100,000,000,000,000,000,/ 10!!! thanks, and i hope this review was helpful!=) P.S.- BE A DARK ELF, ITS THE BEST RACE EVER!!!!!
game-hours: 38.6
review: I do ing reccomed this,its the best ***** -Five Stars:Shade
game-hours: 621.2
review: got on my horse, merged with my follower, shot up into the sky, fell back down, and died. three seperate times.
game-hours: 207.8
review: If you don't like Skyrim, I don't like you
game-hours: 132.6
review: If you don't know what this is, you should go and cry for a month and then buy it.
game-hours: 152.3
review: Now three years old and just over 130+ hours clocked, Skyrim keeps finding new ways to suprise me! There is so much to do, see and experience that one playthough isn't enough and you will notice things that you didnt catch on your first or second playthough. And in the unlikely situation where you run out of things to do, the modding community will alway keep you on your toes!
game-hours: 118.2
review: Fus Ro Dah / Fus Ro Dah
game-hours: 378.5
review: all other games suck compared to skyrim :)
game-hours: 103.7
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is an action role-playing, open world game. It's 200 years after oblivion crisis. The game sets in the land of Skyrim, a province of the Empire on the continent of Tamriel. The land is suffering a civil war between two factions the Stormcloaks and the Imperials. To make matters worse dragons start to appear, and it was believed that they were instinct a long time ago. And the only one who can defeat a dragon permanently is a drogonborn. And your quest begins. In this game you can choose a race you want to play, each one possesses its own unique racial abilities and powers. And you can customize your looks, so thats always a plus. In this game theres a total of 18 different skills. Also there's a lot of side quests that you can do, almost every object in the game is interactive, a huge variety of enemies, and a huge map will have spend hundreds of hours and you'll still be able to find something new to do. The main story is pretty interesting, but it's not the main point of the game. Graphics and visuals are well made. The games soundtrack is overwhelming, when exploring the music is calm and relaxing, when you start to fight you can hear energetic, battling music. In overall this game will have you stuck at your computer screen for weeks maybe even months. I really recommend this game for everyone, trust me you wont be disappointed.
game-hours: 91.3
review: This is generally one of the best games I have played, thank you for hours of fun! :DD
game-hours: 333.9
review: I have this game for PC and PS3. The game is still one of the Best RPGs I have ever played.
game-hours: 398.1
review: You can catch butterflies in this game.
game-hours: 47.7
review: Mods. What else needs to be said?
game-hours: 68.1
review: Fricken amazing game!
game-hours: 52.7
review: Best Game Ever
game-hours: 315.5
review: The world of Skyrim is such an amazing place to explore and get stronger even without mods up the wazoo.
game-hours: 71.2
review: The best game anyone has ever seen, with a variety of adventure, all you need is a toilet and a desk, and you are set, Verdict 1000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000/10
game-hours: 519.0
review: Best game ive ever played, if you dont have it, BUY IT NOW
game-hours: 76.8
review: Loving this game since day 1.
game-hours: 353.3
review: This is the perfect game.
game-hours: 163.6
review: You make the pew pew on goblin haha so funny so stronk buy game
game-hours: 180.0
review: This is an AMAZING game!
game-hours: 140.4
review: BUY IT! SLAP SOME MODS ON PROFIT!
game-hours: 419.7
review: This game is epic in every way. Of course you already know that by now unless you've been living under a rock these past years. Seriously though if you haven't played it and are a fan of roleplaying action than drop whatever your doing and give TES V: Skyrim a playthrough. It will change your life.
game-hours: 129.3
review: never played an elder scrolls game before this but was tempted by the hype of ESO so bought their anthology and its more than lived up to its reputation - i can't say enough great things about this game. anyway i'm hooked so back to questing, exploring and decision making
game-hours: 138.3
review: So I bought this game in Christmas of '11 origionally as a gift for someone else (for the Xbox 360). He had already owned a copy and I didn't know it. As a result I took this game and gave him another one from my stash, which I believe was the newest Call of Duty (MW3?). Let me begin my actual review by stating this was my first Elder Scrolls game, and it got me so hooked that I own every game in the series and am beta testing ESO. I Love This Game. So when I got into it on the Xbox, the first thing i noticed was the possibilities of doing whatever you wanted. It hooked me with a narrowly avoided decapitation, and then the evasion of a dragon, going through Helegan Keep, and thats where the magic happened, both literally and figuratively. Haadvar gave me countless posibilities to get through just the first quest. Magic, Two handed weapons, Dual Weild, Shield and sword, bows, and even subcategories in between (Sword swings faster than warhammer, but sacrifices power). Then comes the choice between nice, enchanted robes, quick and light Light Armour, or slow but strong heavy armour. And that is just the first thirty minutes. Once you really get into the game with quests and what not, you have tons mre options. You can do short, sweet, and simple Miscelaneous Objectives, Side Quests which are a bit longer, but with a greater reward, or Main Quests, which are usually long, but add the most to your experience and give you the best loot. I could go on for hours about everything you could possibly do in this game, but the sad part is that I have hardly scratched the surface. On the 360, I have 1,271 hours, PS3 I have 767, and on the PC I have a good 312 hours (most are offline because I am rarely home lately, which is why I started PC gamming in the first place). The moral of the story is not that I have no life, just I choose to do what I love with my life, and Skyrim is just that thing.
game-hours: 145.2
review: Has the best nude mod ever! :P
game-hours: 191.5
review: I'm sure you've heard all the hype and well... to be honest it's all true. One of the best games of this generation.
game-hours: 145.4
review: Backwards flying dragon glitch. 'Nuff said
game-hours: 294.1
review: Wasted countless hours on this game. 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 74.7
review: Awesome game! I love this. The soundtrack is awesome too.
game-hours: 229.2
review: this game is a great way to just take plessure in bashing guards brains in, and it is super fun.
game-hours: 463.7
review: I recommend this, it is awesome. Best game ever by far.
game-hours: 401.9
review: Going through my game list I just saw that I have over 400 hours on this game. I don't understand, how this is possible. I haven't even finished the main quest yet. Barley began the quest line of the first expansion, and not even finished the starter quest of the second expansion. I have yet to fully explore Skyrim. Of the 8 holds (Skyrim districts) I only explored 5 of them. I don't know how many more hours It will take me until I finished the main quest and the two expansions. How many more to see everything, but thank I godI took breaks playing this game. Because if you play straight from start to finish, having maybe over 1000 hours of play behind you, you will be fluid in the ancient dragon tongue, recite the theme song from your memory and likely need a guidance consular to help you take your first steps back in the real world. So immersive is this game experience. In the years to come it won't be possible to take people serious that haven't played this game.
game-hours: 370.1
review: Den som inte uppskattar The Elder Scroll's borde skmmas ver sin mikroskopiska husvagn.
game-hours: 535.5
review: I'm Addicted i just can't stop 10/10
game-hours: 24.9
review: No comment 10/10
game-hours: 440.5
review: this is one of the best games to come out in the last 10 years
game-hours: 48.6
review: Story and atmosphere really draws you in but it can get repetitive at times 9/10
game-hours: 141.9
review: Story isnt really that long to me but there are tons of side quests i give it a thumbs up :P
game-hours: 1110.7
review: Left my house at 8 am in the morning planning on getting some quests done, and then a dragon decided to come by. So I fought the dragon at my front door until 10 pm at night. Another day in skyrim. When I entered my house again, I found a fox strolling around in the room, so I killed the fox and skinned it, that's when my adopted daughter came to me and told me that she made a new friend--the fox that I just killed. 10/10 my daughter will never love me again.
game-hours: 6.9
review: There's a mod that puts Thomas the Tank Engine in the game 420/69 would play again
game-hours: 144.4
review: Killed a chicken and now the whole town wants my head 10/10
game-hours: 465.1
review: Just "Wow", If you buy one game on steam, this should be it.
game-hours: 53.2
review: If you want to put youself into a world that fantasy and dragon slaying never stops,thats the perfect game for you.Amazing graphics and atmosphere,extremely huge map,thousends of quests and a story that sticks uniquely with the previous Elder Scrolls.I believe its one of the best titles out there that every gamer must have.If you like fantasy and creatures than this game is for you!
game-hours: 174.1
review: such good game, much fus ro dah!
game-hours: 71.0
review: its amazing. ive played on xbox since it came out but on pc there is so much more because of mods
game-hours: 51.4
review: Can undress women and pull them into forest, 10/10
game-hours: 10.8
review: A game with a lot of possibilities. A huge world, lots of things to do, and a great atmosphere (even though the voice acting doesn't help that), Skyrim is a great entry in the Elder Scrolls series and it'll keep you entertained for hours to come.
game-hours: 73.5
review: honestly one of the best games in this generation. it has been the one game to hold my attention for almost 3 years now. I originally bought it for Xbox and again now for PC. i would rate it very highly due to its stunning graphics, dynamic quests and captivating story. it lacks simple get this item quests and replaces them interesting dungeons that each have their own story which if you take the time can be fascinating. followers and NPCs seem more intellegent than other games and the DLCs add depth and a whole new story. if you play this game, expect hours of exploration and very quality narrative.
game-hours: 66.8
review: bought this yesterday for 36 bucks... today the last day of the sale 20 bucks... i should have waited but now im off to fight dragons n stuff if only steam did an amazon price match where if the price drops after you buy something you get refunded the ammount you overpaid
game-hours: 49.9
review: If you're still on the fence about this game, you can install mods that dramatically enhance your experience. For instance, you can meet tophat-wearing crabs, Macho Man Randy Dragon, and demonic rabbits.
game-hours: 263.4
review: This is a great game with a TON to do in it, from fighting dragons, to slaying mages. Almost anything can happen in Skyrim, if you are looking for a good game to dump hours into, I would suggest Skyrim.
game-hours: 27.9
review: good
game-hours: 12.2
review: gg
game-hours: 79.2
review: Awesome!
game-hours: 290.8
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a colossal and immersive world of exciting possibilities, interesting places, captivating adventures and emotionally fragile Scandinavians.
game-hours: 361.9
review: This game is amazing. There are few games I can play over and over... I can with this one because I'm not trapped in a linear story, I can do what ever I want. Though they did mess up with the vampire expansion, get a mod if you get it, to prevent merchents from permadeathing from random, constant vampire attacks.
game-hours: 139.4
review: You should buy this because of all the crazy and weird modz you can install and plus to test the extent of how powerful you computer id and it still looks good even on low setting and it runs smoothly
game-hours: 135.1
review: This game is classic fun
game-hours: 63.3
review: YA BEAUTYYYYYYYYY
game-hours: 48.2
review: Fun game, you can run around and kill . You level your dovahkiin up, fight dragons and kill more . Great with mods.
game-hours: 25.4
review: So contrary to what my gametime hour log looks like, I've played like 475hours (250 one game, 200 another and 25 on my current one). Not only did I spend my time becoming a cave-dwelling game-monger sitting endlessly in a dark void of my room playing this game, but I infected others by showing them this game and they too became cave-dwellers. So now all my friends and I live in a cave. Best way to become cave-dwellers. 10/10
game-hours: 213.4
review: Skyrim can be summed up in one word. Brilliant. The gameplay is brilliant, and the world is immersive. The combat is balanced (most of the time) and the world is rich with lore. There are, however, some bugs though, many of which can be avoided, but some of them can be quite a pain. Bugs are more prominent when using a modded version, however. Skyrims world is beautiful yet harsh, and it has masses of content. Add on the ability to mod it to oblivion (no pun intended) and you have a great game. all together I give it a 9/10 because of the sheer beauty and immersion this game provides. It would be given a 10 if not for some relatively major bugs.
game-hours: 190.1
review: One Of the Bedst RPG ive Ever Played! 9.7 -10. A Must Have For All RPG Lovers.
game-hours: 290.5
review: I woke up naked in a Jail cell, with a dead body beside me, and no idea what I had done, or how long I had been there. 10/10
game-hours: 289.5
review: The amount of freedom in this game is amazing personally i love roleplaying games especially skyrim.
game-hours: 60.8
review: By far one of my absolute favorite games, I have invested 1000+ hours on my Xbox 360, along a little on my PC. this game shaped the gamer that I am today, as I consider it the first "real" game i owned and played. Besides that there is not much to say that as not been said by someone before, but this game is a masterpiece, and is damn near perfect.
game-hours: 174.3
review: I am Eiys, cured vampiric Dunmer. I am a skill long range assasin, skilled duo swordsman and archmage. This game gives you alot of control in the depth of you character. you can follow the story or make your own. Service to each kingdom or massacre at your own leisure. This is a game where the adventure is the life you choose to make.
game-hours: 281.9
review: No matter what, this game always remains fresh to me, what with it's highly immersive world which increases in density and life with the right mods, thousands of missions, questlines and mods, not to mention mods. Skyrim is a must play. :D 10/10
game-hours: 103.3
review: This is simply the biggest and high-quality game expierience you currently can have. Absolutely outstanding!
game-hours: 73.9
review: Very fun and immersive, tons of quests to keep your occupied.
game-hours: 136.7
review: BEST GAME EVER MADE
game-hours: 207.7
review: Great game. This thing is the bane of my productivity.
game-hours: 335.3
review: Great game, not as complex as say, morrowind, but still a very fun and nice addition to TES franchise. Also has a very large and alive modding community, so there's that too.
game-hours: 56.4
review: Played a cat, developed a fursona. 10/10 do NOT buy.
game-hours: 163.7
review: very cool
game-hours: 68.0
review: Most excellent game!
game-hours: 275.5
review: Prepare to lose months of your life to Skyrim- but that's ok, you'll obtain a new life with much cooler weapons, armor and skills that your old life didnt have.
game-hours: 146.8
review: A nice experience to visit the lands of Skyrim and fight dragons, spiders, monsters and every damn guard in every city. The game has a nice athmosphere and it just becomes better with the beautiful mods availible in the game. Try it out!
game-hours: 220.2
review: The best Rpg ever made by my opinion
game-hours: 30.9
review: All right. As probably no one person that will read this review knows, i did NOT have internet for 8 months. This game was the only thing that i had installed aside from terraria. I played it because i was bored to beond belief after 3 months. i had tried playing it when i first got it, and i lagged more than i ever knew possible, so i shut it down. When I tried it again, i just sat back and tried to endure the lag. IT PAID OFF. I had no idea this was made by the same people of fallout one of my favorite games of all time. And once i started playing it was well worth it. I will review this game the way i want to. If anyone disagrees, they get a BOOT TO THE HEAD. Gameplay Skyrim had very basic battle mechanics most people will understand if they read the directions given to them, but the real thing that stopped me was the lag. this game will lag beond belief if you dont have a good computer. All factors considered gameplay is 8/10 Graphics This game is aboely BEUTIFUL. if you run it at maximum quality the framerate takes a blow under the belt, but if you can handle the game running at high it is a work of genius. 9.5/10 Story Honestly the MAIN storyline was nothing to gawk at. typical middle earth storyline, hero arises saves the day. But i have to give credit where it is due. the secondary storylines are where it is at. the dark brotherhood and theives guild is where the story was great. 7.5/10 Replay value This game has the highest replay vaule ive ever seen. Pretty much you can play this game 500 times and still find stuff you missed on the way. with that said this game gets a 11/10 for replay vaule. Music Skyrim has the best soundtrack i have ever heard. the music was well balanced and placed where it was needed. 10/10 Modding Skyrim has the biggest modding fanbase in the world. anything you could want in skyrim, there is a mod for it. and then there is the offical DLC's as well. 10/10 for modding. After taking all elements in, i give skyrim a 9.5/10. and it is an absolute MUST BUY.
game-hours: 71.0
review: This game makes me moist beyond belief
game-hours: 22.1
review: Killed a chicken Got hunted by a whole town....
game-hours: 213.0
review: Best game ever made untill the next Elder Scrolls game! :)
game-hours: 128.9
review: Amazing.
game-hours: 38.8
review: Best game ever !!!
game-hours: 318.9
review: There's a dragon.
game-hours: 144.5
review: Don't harm the chicken gods... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ This game was one of the first games I ever played. I was in love with the freedom to make my character how I wanted. It was beautifully thought out, and the quests are, for the most part, very fun. I think Skyrim is just one of those must-have games. You can waste hundreds of hours hunting down dragons, killing bandits, and stealing books for your bookshelf. Pros: Huge amount of quests and story branches, allowing virtually endless gameplay Mods that improve the game greatly, fixing anything from striping to buggy blacksmiths DLCs that add even more content to the game Easy to understand levelling and gameplay Cons: The beginning is horrible to sit through, and is altogether sloppy In order to have the highest quality game experience, you MUST install mods Some bugs that have been there for years Sometimes hard to follow questlines Is the game perfect? No. But honestly, Is any?
game-hours: 108.2
review: Scream at a man, he dies. Scream at an undead, it dies. Scream at your friend, he lives. 11/10
game-hours: 103.5
review: One of my top top 5 favorite games, If you havent played Skyrim your missing out on such a GREAT RPG. I would definitley recommend this to anyone! :D 10 out of 10 With so much open world to explore the game is almost endless (besides the main campaign of course). :D
game-hours: 245.4
review: SO MUCH YES
game-hours: 142.7
review: Its only the best open world RPG I have ever played. And I've been around since the stone age.
game-hours: 134.9
review: madsick
game-hours: 170.3
review: /0 pts Don't stare - play!
game-hours: 66.1
review: Constantly makes me wonder why people still have real lives when they could be playing Skyrim. 11/10
game-hours: 252.5
review: My favorite game in like ever.... always.... Skyrim is love.... skyrim is life
game-hours: 167.5
review: SRSLY BUY THIS.
game-hours: 44.8
review: this game is just awesome!! :D
game-hours: 179.1
review: awsome game
game-hours: 151.7
review: Awesome game, but Oblivion will always be better.
game-hours: 41.4
review: This game is awesome, especially with the right mods!
game-hours: 53.8
review: Really love this game and its replay value. There is so much to do in this massive open world setting and one of the best lore filled, fun, and adventures tittles added to The Elder Scrolls time line.
game-hours: 121.0
review: damn this game is good
game-hours: 417.6
review: Its the bees knees.
game-hours: 165.1
review: This game is an excellent portrayal of what Bethesda Softworks is capable of. Combining a massive amount of quests with an open world, there is plenty to keep you playing The Elder Scrolls V for hours on end. Plus, it's cheaper now and the legendary edition is a great buy, containing every single DLC.
game-hours: 232.1
review: GET MOTHER ING SKYRIM.
game-hours: 53.6
review: Everything I scream at dies.
game-hours: 802.6
review: I never thought a game could be so beautiful. I run around with my adoptive children and pick flowers.
game-hours: 1354.5
review: Amazing
game-hours: 344.2
review: epic!
game-hours: 86.5
review: Hoc valde bonum est ludum. Ibi sunt serpentiae, mortui viventes, et milites, et multi pluriores!
game-hours: 17.5
review: ...
game-hours: 80.6
review: In Grand Theft Auto, you can hold up entire shops with a gun. In Skyrim, you can put a bucket on the shopowner's head and steal all of his belongings... 10/10 IGN
game-hours: 19.5
review: Killed an entire city and went to jail because the chickens witnessed the crime. 13/10 Realistic as
game-hours: 4.1
review: Skyrim is pretty amazing, but if you have a slow computer the experience is ruined. It's a great game though, especially if you're into fantasy stuff.
game-hours: 317.5
review: Punched a chicken. Got thrown in jail. 10/10
game-hours: 701.4
review: once you play this game you will be playing it for a very long time to come
game-hours: 163.0
review: fun.
game-hours: 56.7
review: BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 26.7
review: You will not see the outdoors after buying this game, 10/10
game-hours: 24.3
review: Start game. Quit game. Intall 50 mods and an ENB. Game crashes. Fix crash, then install more mods until it crashes again. Rinse and repeat. 10/10
game-hours: 78.1
review: Skyrim is a Single player game based in medivalish times with a massive map to explore. I think this game is good for anyone wanting to take on dragons, murderers and bandits on by themselvs. I would rate this game 8.5/10
game-hours: 572.9
review: F***ing amazing. Can't get enough. When I first got it, I saw the sunrise every day for a week straight. I think I might have skipped all my classes... it's kind of a blur.
game-hours: 84.9
review: One word: mods. One you figure out how to click that little "Subscribe" button in Steam Workshop (don't even have to deal with files), this games stays awesome for a really, really long time.
game-hours: 146.8
review: Game with the most perverted mods ever next to Oblivion 10/10 they keep coming out with more.
game-hours: 494.9
review: The graphics are great, it's fun to play and their are plenty of levels to keep you working.
game-hours: 64.8
review: this gaem is sex
game-hours: 307.6
review: Hello! I decided to make a guide, how fast to pump level. At the very beginning of the game you go into krepost (with ralofom or imperial dude). Kill enemies, take the key, but do not open the door! Your assistant (ralof or imperial dude) arise near the door. You yuzaete stealth and beat with a dagger, sword or ax. Raise your level very quickly. Check, put your finger on top. Thank you all. if you want to swing to a legendary)))
game-hours: 16.8
review: love it get it
game-hours: 5.3
review: ok gzel bi oyun her yn ile almanz tavsiye ederim
game-hours: 26.4
review: muito bom...O melhor RPG de todos muito viciante!!!
game-hours: 376.0
review: Dragons! Do i have to say more?
game-hours: 20.2
review: Yummmy fun.
game-hours: 5.3
review: It's unbelieveable how great Skyrim gameplay is considering how long it's been since release. I hadn't played Skyrim since it first came out for console, but recently purchased it on sale. I'm in love all over again. If you're looking for a stellar adventure, Skyrim is STILL the game for you. :)
game-hours: 227.5
review: I love all the Elder scrolls games, they are my favorite! I love that it's so versatile. You can be whoever you want and do whatever you want. I like the main storyline as well as the stories behind the side quests. Great visuals and an amazing atmosphere. I would definitely recommend this game!
game-hours: 174.7
review: This is the best game I have ever played. It is very epic and totally open world. If you want to get a good game heres your soulution.
game-hours: 68.7
review: very very very goodgame
game-hours: 14.1
review: omg... this is cool!!!!!!!!!1 hey u! try this game!!! this is real RPGgame
game-hours: 80.5
review: social life destorying, life ruining , time wasting game of the year doesnt matter still yelled at dragons till it dies 10/10
game-hours: 81.3
review: Good but theres loads of glichies but over all a good game.
game-hours: 108.1
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Mod it Until it Crashes
game-hours: 243.7
review: Just finished my first playthrough which lasted 235 hours. Still found myself craving for more..
game-hours: 378.7
review: i cry when dragon is of yell, he make me sad in game. I cry when troll realiz he is shot in face. I cry when markarth man try kill lady, and sumtimes help, but somtimes noh. I cry when that happen. Game is beautiful, but is made in 2011, which is make cry.
game-hours: 103.7
review: I am the skooma.
game-hours: 78.5
review: I killed the Eater of Worlds in one hit with a dagger half te size of my . This game is okay.
game-hours: 339.5
review: Its been a long time since I played any of the Elder Scrolls games and now I own three of the five that are out including the DLC. I really like these games, yes there is a set story line but its more like a choose your own adventure novel when playing. If you like adventure RPG's then these games and this game is for you .
game-hours: 239.2
review: You can fight againts ing dragons in epic battles and explore an open world that no matter how much time you spend in the game you'll never finish to explore the map. Warning: ITS SO ADDICTIVE
game-hours: 90.3
review: I love this game. I have played it since it came out, and i still play it. You become an addict to it, and discover new things everyday in it. If you ever get done with the game (Not very likely) you can just install mods and get tons of more gameplay. I can't see anything bad in this game
game-hours: 8.3
review: This game is proof that art can exist in videogames too , its an astonishing masterpiece!
game-hours: 157.7
review: The elder scrolls V skyrim is one of the best even tho it could use a few tweaks but it is an amazing open world RPG single player that emerses you into the story and the game.
game-hours: 386.2
review: It's huge and really great. The only bad thing about it that some different characters speak the same voice. And also there's a lack of music in Dawnguard. Vampires must have their own sound themes. But anyway-it's one of the best games I've ever had. You can interact almost with everything in the game-that's awesome and also this is a real open world-you can go absolutely anywhere you want. Battle system is very thoroughly managed. You can improve your skills and become anything. The great thing in this game is you choose what you want to be. Also a great amount of mods in the workshop created by gamers make this game even more greater and fit to anyone.
game-hours: 410.8
review: Better than Oblivion, worse than Morrowind. Still better than 9/10 games.
game-hours: 77.7
review: You start the game as any other TES game. When you're done with 'toutorial'' quest you do other quest, fool around what ever you want. But no matter how long you play and what you've done, you will install mods and fight Thomas the train. 10/10
game-hours: 575.8
review: Can't talk, Slaying Dragon. ..... OK, in all seriousness, this is one of the biggest RPGs I've ever had the pleasure of playing, and there is so much to do before delving into the active modding community that it is well worth the cost.
game-hours: 843.8
review: One of the greatest games I have ever played. I put a lot of time into playing this game with many different characters to play many different ways. Loved every hour of it!
game-hours: 90.5
review: JUST BUY IT ITS PERFECT
game-hours: 65.9
review: A couple years ago I bought oblivion, and didnt have much fun with it (all I did in oblivion was see how high i could get my bounty. I never touched quests. at this point in time i wasnt really interested in rpgs or games i have to scavenge in. Dead island and warframe took care of that. I got this game thinking I wouldnt play it much because of my experiance with oblivion. I was so wrong. I booted it up as soon as it finished downloading and havent played another game since. Ive completed the main questline and the main questlines for dawnguard and dragonborn, but i still have so much more todo. Plus the steam workshop has so much to offer, and so does creation kit. This has so far been one of the best games ive played on steam. If you get it, say good bye to actually getting real life stuff accomplished.
game-hours: 69.0
review: Welder Scrullz V Scatrim Bes Gaem Evuar I rid drugunz anzd i keel an u fite u screm and so gudddddddddd pls buey 90/90 lab it
game-hours: 966.5
review: This is the best game I have ever played! Better than Fallout/3 and better than Boarderlands, done over 300+ hours in this game and taken time off work just to play it... Awesome game, and looking forward to whatever DLC they release that will make the game continue, but I aint even finished the main game yet! Totally awesome, and I quote "I cannot recommend this game enough"
game-hours: 33.7
review: Its good....
game-hours: 425.8
review: Honestly. Without any mods at all, this game is a strong 7/10. It has the base for what is a great modding project. It has an engaging story that builds on a large catalogue of games worth of lore and backstory. It has a fair graphical setup, though it is shamelessly "consolized". Sound design is good and gameplay is solid. The game gives you a great ammount of freedom so that you can make the game into what you want. You can ignore the story completely and just forge your own story throughout Skyrim, or spend hours just doing sidequests, or maybe just spend your gametime becoming the ultimate enchater. Anything is possible. A fair game worth your time and money. But that all changes when mods enter the ring. When mods enter the ring this game becomes the jungle-gym of modern games. You can do anything you want. Want to turn Skyrim into a tropical paradise? There's a mod for that. Want to turn all the dragons into characters from My Little Pony or Thomas the Tank Engine? You can do that. You can even make Skyrim into the most realistic looking and playing game ever (minus the dragons/mosters/spooky ghosts). With mods, this game is amazing. The game is your oyster in any way you want. And that is why you play it. Summary: Holy  this game is good. 10/10
game-hours: 229.2
review: Amazing, what more is there to say?
game-hours: 34.9
review: Magic, Swords stuff more stuff awesome stuff
game-hours: 4.7
review: wow this game sucks. and I can't stop playing it.
game-hours: 782.2
review: very fun and extreamly Moddable Game, If you dont own it yet best pick up the Legendary edition For all the DLC Ect.
game-hours: 211.2
review: Really fun,Vast and Adventures game (Recomend dragon born/hearthfire DLC)
game-hours: 110.3
review: 10/10
game-hours: 98.3
review: mysterious language bug is disapeared so the game is FINALLY playable,now i can rate it 11/10
game-hours: 137.4
review: I had my follower shoot potatos at macho man and I was beating him with an butt. Game is ok 11/10 would butt face  again (P.S Daggerfall is the best elder scrolls game feggets now go buy a DOSBox and play it)
game-hours: 36.6
review: I've mostly play this on the 360, but this is a great game for if you wanted to kill a whole bunch of time. There is so much you can do in this epic! Though, it does get really, really repeatitive. I still have a blast with it though! You should check it out if you have not yet.
game-hours: 58.4
review: First game I played in the series, and it has so much to do, I think it's worth buying this game!
game-hours: 124.5
review: Yes
game-hours: 199.5
review: Yea son
game-hours: 73.3
review: Killed dragon with my fists. 11/10.
game-hours: 712.6
review: Score: 9.8/10 The Elder Scrolls V is an open world, western role playing game, set in the ice cold, fantasy realm of Skyrim. You play a fully customizable character imprisoned for crimes untold and being led to your execution. The world of Skyrim is vast and beautiful. Landscapes range from forests, tundra, ice, snow, swamps and everything inbetween. Exploring and satisfing your curiousity is where the most fun in the game is to be had. This game has at least 300 hours of content in a single playthrough, though there is no multiplayer. Skyrim is very mod friendly. You can find a mod to tweak just about any aspect of the game and if not, the developers (Bethesda) have released a utility called the creation kit to let you mod it yourself. One downside of Skyrim is the sub-par main Quest. The real story to be told by Skyrim is the one forged by you. And it can be amazing if you embrace that fact. Despite a few shortcomings, Skyrim is the best at what it does. Immersion, value, exploration, mods, and above all else adventure.
game-hours: 90.3
review: 11/10 Morrowrim!
game-hours: 453.6
review: Best. Game. Ever. *Period*
game-hours: 1126.2
review: AWESOME! SKYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYRIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIM!
game-hours: 95.4
review: Two words. Get it.
game-hours: 111.0
review: Buy this game if you've never played it. It offers so many hundreds of hours of fun and involoving gameplay. Very few games can match the shere value that Skyrim offers.
game-hours: 415.7
review: 400 hours and going strong...
game-hours: 186.0
review: The modding community is like no-other...nuff said.
game-hours: 30.4
review: This game suprisingly really cool! it really give me the feels that i really dive in in the world of skyrim,thanks to the open world system. the open world system for me is too open because i can steal someone belonging in the city and then they call me a thief,or just shout in the face of the jarl and suddenly i became their enemy,or just hurting the buffalo's farmer,they will brand me with a bad title,but that's a great point of this game,OPEN WORLD. the story and mission is soo many,so for you who like exploration so much,i really recomended this game for you. i've been playing for 20 hours and still at level 13. all i did in that 20 hours is doing exploration,hunting down the dragons,and searching the power of shout the atmosphere really cool,but the music i think is too repetitive. overalll i recomended this game for player who likes RPG,Adventure and Action
game-hours: 12.8
review: This game is awesomesause!!! Love the story line, characters, and the seemingly endless amount of things to do. If you've beaten the game many times, mods make it a little more interesting and sometimes ridiculous xD
game-hours: 100.7
review: I think that Skyrim is one of the best Roleplaying games out there. I like the fact that the player can do what he/she wishes, and doesn't have a fixed mission that they have to follow. Instead, there are many missions and quests that the player can do, each with their own set of rewards alike. The graphics make the game equally pleasing, as it has way better graphics than the previous Elder Scrolls games. Just the amount of detail make Skyrim a beautiful game. But, of course, there are glitches. Once, near Whiterun, I was hunting deer, when one started floating, but still somehow running. And, I'm not going to go on about the floating Mammoths . . . I suppose that's what mods are for, anyway. Anyway, I would DEFINITELY recommend this game! It's fun and enjoyable, and it is easy to get immersed in the lore and the game itself. :D
game-hours: 70.0
review: This is the best game in the series.
game-hours: 105.3
review: Dont care if it came out 3 years ago. Love it forever.
game-hours: 129.9
review: Almost a hundred awards for game of the year... Need anymore reason?
game-hours: 58.0
review: Im a huge fan of Skyrim and my Youtube grew off of it. GREAT GAME!!!!!!
game-hours: 158.9
review: Buy this game, say goodbuy to any other facet of your life, and you won't miss them, trust.
game-hours: 357.3
review: Simply put buy the legendary game pack because after a few minuets you will be addicted and wanting more.
game-hours: 42.2
review: This is life. No exceptions.
game-hours: 44.2
review: great game open world more time i want to play it to clear all mission , Awesome it more more mission to play This game has real life ...
game-hours: 441.4
review: Could be better.
game-hours: 2275.1
review: Skyrim Mods are a hell of a drug. 10/10
game-hours: 550.0
review: 528 hours, 22 full days of my life, have been spent playing this game. I haven't even gotten halfway through the main story. Talk about getting your money's worth.
game-hours: 14.5
review: My favourite game!!
game-hours: 50.7
review: I admire this game's diversity and its ability to offer more experiences thru its modding community. I would recommend it to anyone, what it has to offer is so good and so unique it sets a standard that im sorry to say nowadays is quite rare.
game-hours: 31.3
review: One of the best games!
game-hours: 327.2
review: My favourite game in whole world!! Absolutely amazing! However if you do choose to use mods within the game, do be careful since it may affect gameplay and setting may have to be ruduce to maintain a sufficient FPS. Otherwise absolutely brilliant!
game-hours: 256.2
review: Epic
game-hours: 22.4
review: 10/10 would eat souls again.
game-hours: 246.7
review: i want to go to there
game-hours: 75.9
review: This game completely ruined my unexistent social life. Had to rebuild it from scratch. 10/10 would lose friends again.
game-hours: 115.9
review: Saved the world from dragons then got killed for shouting at a chicken 10/10
game-hours: 42.7
review: Want to waste hours adventuring to far away lands, scaling mountains of content, and hunting to find the best treasured objects? Oh no that's just the modding section of the game, I can't review the experience itsself.
game-hours: 252.1
review: Skyrim really is a great game. Vanilla skyrim has so much to do. you dont even have to mod skyrim to have a great time. skyrim's concept is really great. every so often a human is bless with the power to speak like a dovah is super cool. skyrim has so much mod potential as well. so many places and people who could be given more in depth back stories by mods. really just a great over all game.
game-hours: 96.9
review: Well to start off nice and positive, - The game has a lot of content to keep you entertained for hundreds of hours - Mod support on steam is great - Over 1000+ weapons and armor (Including enchanted versions of the same armor/weapon) - Story telling is fairly good Now to end it with a little bit of negatives, - Game contains a few bugs here and there - Would be nice to have online support (Just a joke here) ;D Great game, Worth the money if you have no already purchased it.
game-hours: 179.8
review: fun
game-hours: 537.7
review: 490 hrs played (without any dlc) and I still havent had enough of this game. The landscape, the gameplay, everything about this game makes you come back for more 10/10 without any doubt.
game-hours: 145.0
review: Best Game EVER!
game-hours: 14.2
review: Zaga. 10/10
game-hours: 203.2
review: Mod it 'til you break it. This game is infinite.
game-hours: 176.1
review: Just around 4 Dollar for Legendary Edition !! (This game discount often so don't buy it when full prices) i think this game isn't good enough (because a lot of bug) but there have MOD it useful for fullfill everything that you need and fix every bug and then trust me you will became a MOD addiction if you play this game without MOD i can tell you The original game is Suck! (in my opinion)
game-hours: 66.3
review: Skyrim + Mods = Epic
game-hours: 5.2
review: I couldn't run it on my laptop, so I bought a 5000$ gaming pc... Still couldn't run it. 10/10 best game I ever bought.
game-hours: 171.7
review: I modded. I started. I crashed to desktop 10/10
game-hours: 213.4
review: Amazing game, 10/10
game-hours: 20.6
review: Killed a chicken and everybody in the town tried to kill me to revenge the chicken's death. I died. 11/10, game of the century.
game-hours: 55.1
review: Many possibilities, amazing places, one of the best games I've ever played. Definitely recommended!
game-hours: 116.8
review: A little girl came to me and said "Hey, I found this. I thought you might like it." and gave me a bottle of wine. 10/10
game-hours: 358.4
review: Super Fantastisk rollespil. hvor man nsten kan gre hvad man vil. Man bliver nd til at have masser af tid hvis man skal udforske hele verden.
game-hours: 37.1
review: I used to have a social life like you, until i took a skyrim to the knee
game-hours: 266.7
review: The best RPG out yet!
game-hours: 330.3
review: Shout Nordic profanity at dragons until they die- 10/10 (+ great multiplayer, beat faze clan like twice)
game-hours: 395.9
review: 300 hours of play so far. Still fun and not even finished yet...
game-hours: 89.5
review: The best game I have ever played
game-hours: 133.5
review: I have had about 400 hours on this (even though steam says 100 odd) and i can say it takes a very long time complete.There is a very good main story and alot of fun side quests.This game has an amazing amount of witch only gets better if you get the dlcs.I would get this game anyway but you may want to wait for a sale as you can pick up VERY cheap.You may also want to check out the ledgendary edition.
game-hours: 522.8
review: Its alright, Skyrim is a pretty cool guy who doesn't afraid of anything.
game-hours: 64.3
review: Good game.
game-hours: 65.7
review: Kill Bandits, Beat up mean ladies, Steal Horses. Best game ever period.
game-hours: 8.8
review: "I used to be an adventurer like you, then I took an arrow in the kne- AAAAAH MY KNEE" I totaly didnt shoot him in the knee
game-hours: 419.3
review: Honestly get sum mods and go crazy and get some train dragonz
game-hours: 32.4
review: this game is amazing, the graphics and gameplay are top notch, the full scale adventure game everyone was expecting after oblivion. a must buy for all!!!
game-hours: 31.8
review: This is an experience unlike any other, from venturing across open vast lands, to exploring caves. 10/10
game-hours: 43.2
review: Yell at birds and .
game-hours: 194.7
review: Book Reading Simulator 2012
game-hours: 13.0
review: Yea MAN I freaking cheeseburger this game :0
game-hours: 256.7
review: As an long-time Elder Scrolls fan, I can't deny that I love Skyrim for what it is - an Elder Scrolls game. The lore, storylines and world is all there - ready to be explored with the various books and tales that characters tell. The argument that Skyrim is a sea with the depth of a puddle is a valid arguement though, the world doesn't really feel as alive and deep as it could have been. While the gameplay is good - it isn't particularly anything amazing. The engine of the game, "Creation", is just a rehashed and reworked Gamebyro engine from previous installments. As a result, it doesn't utilise the full capability of a PC. And while there are various issues with the game itself, these are all mainly fixed and improved by the community. This is thanks to Bethsedas extended support for modding with the release of the Creation Kit and Steam Workshop (Although I use the Nexus sites and Mod Organizer myself). The vast number of mods that accomplish a sheer amount of things is nothing short of amazing. From bug fix compilations to whole new lands, you can pour hundreds of hours into Skyrim when you add mods, breathing new life into the game.
game-hours: 175.1
review: The awkward moment when you accidentally steal something and everyone hates you for life.
game-hours: 126.0
review: Had it for PS3 then happily bought the legendary edition for PC, mods were worth it! Between the two systems most hours played by far. GREAT GAME! Buy it immediately! Play it. Mod it. Play it again.
game-hours: 156.0
review: Currently in the midst of playing Skyrim for the second time. Take your time with this game, at the beginning you'll be propelled right into the thick of things...but only if you choose. I suggest exploring first, where you'll find NPCs and various quests. Over time, you'll level up and you can up the ante through difficulty settings especially so when fighting dragons! But take the time to just look around and enjoy the scenery - there's so much detail with butterflies flying around and beautifully textured rivers and lakes along with huge gigantic mammoths protected by equally as massive trolls. The whole point of exploring is to make the game your own and play at your own pace - then and only then will you begin to appreciate what a glorious game this is with such intricate detail in textures (especially so with the high texture pack) and vast range of dialogue options and choices in game. The decisions are numerous and the choice is all up to you...Dovahkiin.
game-hours: 362.6
review: Skyrim, the finest Elder Scrolls game to date. You can go anywhere, do (almost) anything, whenever you feel like it.. caves, dungeons, tombs, lairs.. so much to discover, with multitude of enemies to vanquish. Be a fighter, mage, thief.. or maybe a sneaky hybrid, a caster who uses illusion spells and strikes from the shadows.. an archer who is not afraid to wade into melee range when needed.. all paths are very much viable. If you are a fan of roleplaying games, Skyrim will keep you entertained for countless hours as there is always something to do, some new place to discover, some new loot to find.. and thanks to mods, all that is multiplied, making the game a worthy purchase indeed!
game-hours: 104.0
review: This game is a must have. There are plenty of quests to do, and it is an overall visually appealing game.
game-hours: 306.6
review: Great game! I have played it 4 times...
game-hours: 438.5
review: this game is AWESOME i would recomend it to anyone and everyone!
game-hours: 75.0
review: Simply the best game I have ever played. No matter what I always end up loving gameplay, even when I seem as if I'm not even in the mood to play the game. Landscape, Crafting, Skills, NPC's, quests, jobs, marriage, adoption, houses, currency. Bethesda did an AMAZING job creating such a realistic magical universe.
game-hours: 25.5
review: fun
game-hours: 24.0
review: "It's like Skyrim without guns!" -some black guy
game-hours: 26.0
review: Kill a chicken and fight your way to freedom
game-hours: 139.9
review: If this was a potato, it'd be a good potato..
game-hours: 233.5
review: If this was a sweetroll it would be a good sweetroll
game-hours: 161.0
review: dis gaem iz 2good4u m8. u can becomez a l33t destructionz mastur, and raep all the dragunzz!!
game-hours: 63.8
review: Skyrim!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! muito bom!
game-hours: 119.1
review: Great game with endless gameplay
game-hours: 10.6
review: fun a rim :::()))))))))))))))))))))))
game-hours: 27.9
review: Buy the "Legendary Edition" while on sale 6.79. This game is good :)
game-hours: 48.0
review: Skyrim is a great edition to the Elder Scrolls series with more:Action,Story and and lovely graphics that will make aaaaah,so all in all yes.I do recommend skyrim its a game that will last you a very long time if you encluded all the:Side Quests,Collectables and areas to explore.so yes buy Skrim wether its on sale or not.
game-hours: 221.5
review: Let me tell you right now: If you do not own this game, and you have even the slightest itch to press that "Add to Cart" button, do so without any hesitation excapt that of your wallet. I have played 99.6% of my total playtime without downloading a single mod, and up until recently I played with no DLC. Still the best game I have played in my life. Let me hand it to you straight. When you first buy the game, you are one of two people. You either A): Research in-depth into every nook and cranny of every story, main, and side-quest, know the in-and-outs of every NPC, location, weapon, enchantment, potion, ingredient, and food item, and end up playing the game for about as long as you have time, or B): You spend the first two weeks of owning this game stumbling around like a big oaf with a two-handed warhammer and beat the game at level 10 and dont play it for a year, then start conversing with your friend who followed option A and get back into it and can't stop and eventually get sucked into the eternal loop of "Whiterun, Riften, Markarth, Riften, Windhelm, Riften, Riften, Solitude, Riftern, Repeat." Trust me, I speak from experience. But seriously, here's what you get for buying this game: -AMAZING GRAPHICS that don't take a goliath alienware desktop monster to run. -BADASS STORYLINE AND CRAP TONS OF SIDEQUESTS (honestly I forgot there was a storyline). -Dragons. -YOU CAN BE: A thief/rogue(best), a battlemage, a warrior(not best), someone who's good with a bow, a smith, an enchanter, or any combination of those thirty. -Dragons. -HOURS UPON HOURS OF EPIC GAMEPLAY followed by six months of meh FOLLOWED BY HOURS UPON HOURS OF EPIC GAMEPLAY!!!! -DRAGONS. -GREAT MODDABILITY. -DRAGONS FOR GOD'S SAKE! DRAGONS!! What you don't get: -Multiplayer. -THe aBILiTY to reGULatE CApS locK. -The abIlIty to kill dragonS oNCe past level 50. -A soCial life. -To be a goat (although thEres proBABly a mod foR THAt). SO yeah bUy this gaME. SPOILER ALERT::: "I wouldn't be suprised if Mercer left us a few surprises." *SURPRISE!!!!*
game-hours: 127.0
review: I CANT STOP PLAYING. Wow. This game is the biggest, funnest, game full of adventure and epicness. There is so much quests to do, and mods are easy to install. A con is that there are a lot of bugs with quests and such, But they can be easily fixed with a unoffical patch or the console. I played this game for 65 hours so far and all I can say is, WOW this game is huge. Great game, 5/5.
game-hours: 0.8
review: atm I am playing on an ASUS ROG laptop from around 2007, so the speed of the game isn't great, but if you have a faster graphics card and a little more RAM then this game is amazing!
game-hours: 552.7
review: Pay 5 dollars. Lose 500 hours. 10/10 .
game-hours: 41.8
review: It's like fallout with magic.
game-hours: 202.2
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is the epitome of fantastic game design, world design, and just blatant creativity. The game looks great, with or without mods, even to this day, though if you have a higher end PC, I would recommend dowloading some visual enhancements. No point not to, since you can make a beautiful game more beautiful. The stories are epic and compelling, and make you feel like you're the embodiment of an ancient Hero of Old. From the first minute and onwards, the story grips you in. That is, if you want it to. The Elder Scrolls is all about freedom to choose your on path. If you wish to join the Guild of Thieves instead of becoming a stalwart warrior and following your 'destiny', you can do so. Or if you wish to merely chop firewood for days on end, you may do that too. You can go where you want, when you want, and how you want. Nothing is stopping you. What makes the game, in the end, is how you do it and why. I am a man of lore. I like researching the backstories and foundations of the games I play, especially those set in fantasy worlds. The world of Nirn, especially Tamriel, has one of the most interesting and fundamentally gripping lore I've ever had the pleasure of being a part of. The world feels so real, looks so real, and the characters act so real. How can one not appreciate that? It's done superbly, because the given material, the material of the Elder Scrolls series, is simply so great. Skyrim is not perfect, however. I am not sure how I feel for the simplified magic system, for instance. It makes magic, in the game, slightly more tedious and boring when compared to it's predecessor. Which brings us to the Guilds. One of the best thing about the Elder Scrolls is the fact that the game gives you free reign to do what you wish. But it can also guide you. That's when you join a guild. But the Guilds in Skyrim,I did not care for them. The College or Winterhold quests, while superb, were much too short. It ended abruptly. The Dark Brotherhood quests were good, in essence, but when I look at the retconned material from the previous game, I can only cringe. The Dark Brotherhood was entertaining, but falls short when compared to it's 2006 counterpart. Which brings us to the Thieves Guild. The Thieves Guild was a complete insult to it's predecessor. The characters were boring, the thieving was boring, and the ending was utterly stupid. There is no Ultimate Heist in this game. All you get is a would-be antagonist, who doesn't even do anything to warrant any anger and/or hatred towards him. The Oblivion Thieves Guild didn't have to resort to such cheap tricks. Even the simplicity of the joining quest in Oblivion was better. Thieves Guild is good once. After that it has almost as little replay value as the Oblivion main quest. The Companions -quests were nothing special, though neither was the Fighters Guild in Oblivion. All in all, don't expect the Guilds to be Oblivion -tier good. Some people like them, some people hate them, but what we can all agree on, is the fact that they aren't the main focus of the game. There is much better solo non-guild content out there, such as the Daedric shrine quests etc. Skyrim is great. It's a solid 4.5/5. It doesn't hold up to the previous Elder Scrolls in some ways, but blows Oblivion out of the water in others. You'll get a solid 100-200 hours of fun out of it, if not more. Long live the Elder Scrolls. Long live Bethesda. Peace out, -SliQster
game-hours: 187.5
review: Skyrim is one of the greatest games I have ever played, looking past the occasional bug. Mods provide endless replayability and changes to the game, giving the feeling on each replay that you had never played before.
game-hours: 5.8
review: VERY NICE !
game-hours: 209.8
review: For once in my entire lifetime I'm going to be serious here. This game is neck-deep in bugs, the voice actors are overused to the point of where I get all too common irreversable headaches. The A.I. is completely ed and the combat system needs to be tweaked. With all the community support with mods this can and has been reversed on many levels, but knowing that Bethesda neither had the time nor the funds to make this game the way they wanted, I can indefinitely say with no hesitancy that this game is no doubt the best game of the 2000's. There is no rating that can tell you how amazing this game is.
game-hours: 209.2
review: This can easily be the most immersive game I have played! I find myself playing hours after hours after hours without even noticing it. Everything about this game is so finely made. My only wish is that it had subtitles. If you're a serious gamer, and have been missing Skyrim, go get it. You won't regret it.
game-hours: 38.2
review: One of the best game ever!!! Especially the mods!
game-hours: 94.2
review: This game is amazing! Buy it!
game-hours: 35.1
review: buy it now
game-hours: 431.4
review: This is the best game i have ever played. I got all the dlc's. Finished everything and still play it. Love this game just love it.
game-hours: 15.5
review: Best game I have ever played, If you havent played it, go for it!!!
game-hours: 138.1
review: Pros * Good fights * Good graphics * Good storyline * Decent expansions * Pickpocketing * Backstabbing * An unbelievable number of quests available * Many mods (don't take the ones on Steam though) * I rode a dragon Cons * Menus are annoying, clearly written for consoles (but can partly be fixed by mods) * Replay makes you go through lengthy opening sequence again (but can be fixed by mods) * Why do NPCs always say the same things? 9/10
game-hours: 214.5
review: GET THIS EPIC GAME ITS AWSOME !
game-hours: 75.3
review: Spent 6 hours downloading and installing 150 mods; CTD when opening inventory. 11/10
game-hours: 288.3
review: Best game!
game-hours: 624.6
review: Never got tired of this game, because of its immensity, variability and beauty. The music is epic, charming and relaxing. A downside of this game, are the few but annoying bugs, but the majority of them can be easily fixed. The vanilla game itself can get repetitive sometimes, but with the addition of mods, the game is practically infinite. 8.5/10
game-hours: 91.9
review: awsome  game best rpg and best game out there
game-hours: 42.7
review: Modded my game so instead if the normal moon its the moon from Majora's Mask and now I  myself everytime I look up 10/10
game-hours: 358.8
review: Good game, even better when modded, I'd recommend it to anyone that enjoys RPGs EDIT: I also highly recommend playing the other TES series games, which also having modding communities.
game-hours: 10.5
review: This game is probably one of the games you can't get bored of, with the mods from the Steam Workshop, this game is never ending with content and hours apon hours of gameplay
game-hours: 902.5
review: EPIC Awesome game!
game-hours: 55.0
review: Dragons, shouting angry people who are called 'Dragonborns' and lots of spells, weapons and beautiful scenery, with a tad amount of annoying animals, mages and other NPC's that like to sneak on you and want to take a nibble, crush you or seriously hurt you through poisoning, burning or freezing your  to Oblivion. Welcome to Skyrim! A land where if you turn a corner and see a frost troll when you're a level 2, you're basically ed on sight. You are a 'Dragonborn', in which you steal dragon souls to fuel your own ambitions and skills, you greedy person. While dealing with dragons coming back, you have to choose a side to a war between the Empire and the Stormcloaks, all the while, you can join multiple cool kids clubs like The College of Winterhold, The Theifs Guild, etc. and get some cool stuff from them. Also, you can mix universes together by putting on some Stormtrooper armour, getting a lightsaber and then cutting down some mothertruckers. This game is a real gem. It can open up so many paths of which you want to take. You can do all of the quests available and become the Dragonborn hero you are meant to be, or you could go on a killing spree in Whiterun with some crazily OP spell mods you downloaded. The world is your Nordic oyster, in this ultimate tale of Dragons and... humanoid races? Not to mention you can become so many different races. But lets be honest here, if you're an Argonian, Elf, Tusken Raider, you're gonna get a discrimination bomb thrown on you. Some nords just love their xenophobia... ahh. But it's okay because you can shoot their racist asses with a M16 if you want. All in all, this game is awesome, and is so, so worth it. There are few games like this that can stand up to Skyrim elegance, complexity and overall epicness. Plus the modding community, not just on Steam but also on NEXUS, are also making this game about 1000x better too. A tip of the hat to you great modders. Buy this game, and fus ro dah everyones sweet roll! 9.5/10
game-hours: 57.2
review: One of the Best RPG games I've ever played
game-hours: 155.3
review: You can mod in big Boobs. 10/10
game-hours: 100.8
review: over 300 hours on xbox gg
game-hours: 265.3
review: After playing over 500 hours (180 on PC and the rest on Xbox) I can say that Skyrim is one of my favourite games of all time. If you are a fan of open world games then this is the game for you, you can spend hours lost in the beauty of the landscape and discovering things. The game has plenty of customization: Swords, Axes, etc.. all work well together and the magic system is a definate improvement over the previous games; combine any two spells or even wield a weapon and a spell together. Along with the armor choices, alchemy and enchanting I think this is what makes Skyrim stand out from the other RPG's out there, not forgetting the world of course! I do however have some points that I feel do let the game down, firstly I feel that the games lacks depth in the quests and npcs, your choices throughout the game don't really affect the world and one of the faction quest endings *cough*dark brotherhood*cough* definatelt lacks the impact of what you do. Another thing that lets the game down is the repetative nature of the quests, after playing for so long I have started to notice the quests follow this format "Go get X from this cave Y" This could be a positive however if you like that sort of quest but for me it really started to make the game feel stale. Overall, I definatly recomend you buy this game as it is a great RPG and if you get into the modding scene you can really make your game amazing.
game-hours: 680.7
review: I don't need to recommend this, it's skyrim
game-hours: 36.1
review: I just love Skyrim. The Elder Scrolls are my favorite game series besides Bioshock and it is just amazing. Whether it's the scenery or the gameplay, Skyrim just has it all.
game-hours: 132.9
review: Yes! Skyrim is fun. And with mods, you have replay ability for DAYZ.
game-hours: 270.3
review: The most amazing, enthralling experience of 2011 and an easy one to lose yourself in for a good few hundred hours. You will not be dissapointed.
game-hours: 109.2
review: This game is very amazing if u want a good game it never ends because of all the side quests. Buy the game and become a Dragonborn.
game-hours: 242.0
review: This game will make you hate your actual life in reality and probably kill yourself as a result. Still recommend. >.>
game-hours: 112.6
review: This game eats your soul
game-hours: 110.3
review: Should make a mod to  dragons
game-hours: 251.6
review: Who really reads reviews for Skyrim? You either already own it or you're gonna buy it on sale for $5 out of principle.
game-hours: 21.0
review: It is not often I get lost in a game like I did with Skyrim. Everything about this game screams quality and adventure. While Bethesda hasn't exactly got a track record for delivering bug-free games at launch, this has been a pleasant, polished and amazing experience so far. A much improved third-person view, amazing music, a living breathing world, a menu-system that's amazing and a game filled with interesting stuff to do. Truly a masterpiece.
game-hours: 282.7
review: After playing this i completed my thu'um!
game-hours: 175.4
review: this game is if i am not mistaken 4 years old now and people like me still love it, with a bit of mods this game looks soo beautiful ( next gen lvl and ). This game is still fun to play and its amazing at what it does :D
game-hours: 153.4
review: THIS GAME IS ING EPIC
game-hours: 1058.8
review: Fantastic game, great story and an immersive environment. All that said, it does suffer from some issues concerning enemy scalling and a less dynamic and influential questline, then say Oblivion. To fully enjoy this game I think one should mod the game. I recommend the nexus, just google it, this offers a mod manager, which is generally much safer to work with. So I would decline on using the infamous steam workshop (although great for other games) because Skyrim is a bit more delicate with its mods, and manual installation of a mod. But back to the game. Sadly it also suffers from some major bugs, although mods can fix most, it is a little annoying that they were left in by Bethesda. That brings me to what I call not being mod friendly but mod depending. I don't know if Bethesda intentally depends on the mods, and as a direct effect brings out unfinnished games, but sometimes whilst I am modding my game the thought comes up, that alone annoys me a little bit. But what annoys me the most is that eventhough it is so dependant of its mods, a limit has been placed on the amount of mods. That is like giving someone a car (very gentel) but saying that you can only drive 2 miles with it ( sorry for this silly example but you get the point). But I am ofcourse talking very negative about the game, whilst it still is my favorite game on steam. The superb voiceacting and 2 major questlines, 4 if you include the add-ons (which were fantastic, except for Dawnguard, if you were with the Dawnguard you do this whole questline just to eventually invade the castle, why could you not just attack it as soon as possible...) All in all if you are considering to buy this game, buy it! You can then tell all your friends how cool it is to be a vampire just like you did in Oblivion and Morrowind. Sorry for any mistakes in the review, English is not my first language. Hope you enjoyed reading my review, wich is absolutly not for the completion of the pillar of community badge...
game-hours: 107.7
review: Best. Game. Ever!!!!
game-hours: 128.4
review: It's like Skyrim, without guns.
game-hours: 69.7
review: I've been an elder scrolls fan for the past 5 years, one of the most interesting, longest game I have ever played is Morrowind. Then came oblivion I could play out the game, but seriously, that game is nothing without mods, horribly boring conversations (Not like skyrim's any better... "... an arrow to the knee"). When skyrim came out, I was pumped for it, I had a reason: The game looked amazingly cool in the gameplay trailer, it was an amazing adventure. But if we look deeply into it, skyrim is just a bit better than oblvivion. Insanely boring conversations, oversimplified puzzles, if you play out the game for the 5th time, even the legendary difficulty is mouse crap in a sack of flour. Mods make this game even more beautiful (ENBs, Weather mods, W.A.T.E.R,), even more harder (Deadly Combat, Duel Combat Realism etc.), there are some interesting quest mods also. (Falskaar, Wyrmstooth etc.) I kinda stopped playing, never even heard of DLCs coming out, Dragonborn, Hearthfires, Dawnguard. I was excited about them, my favorite DLC was and still is: Dragonborn, a completely new land (Solstheim), with returning topics, houses. Netches, House Redoran, House Telvanni. And a dying Silt Strider ;( I recommend buying the Legendary edition, it comes with several bonuses: All DLCs, Legendary difficulty, when a skill reaches lvl 100, you can make it legendary and regain all perk points spent in that skill. I overall recommend skyrim for anyone who likes RPG adventure games or just likes Bethesda games.
game-hours: 127.7
review: Honest game trailers said it best- This game is so immersive you will forget to eat, sleep, and make freinds. Only to eat, sleep, and make friends. Seriously though, this game is huge. The amount of content is enough to last for ages. I would suggest, if your new to steam, to buy this game first. As irt will hold you over far long enough until you have money to buy more games. Chances are, if you had the trouble to look at this page, you will like the game. As if you looked at the page, your interested in open world RPG's. And this is THE open world RPG. Oh, and BTW- you can murder everyone in the entire world here if you like. Theres even a blade designed to help you do it....
game-hours: 1.2
review: Skyrim for the computer is way better than on a console. The Steam workshop provides many varieties of mods and it is extremely fun.
game-hours: 176.0
review: While I am a huge fan of the Elder Scrolls series, the PC version of Skyrim for me is still having the green water bug and I can only fix it with a mod enabled which is quite irritating. Barring that one problem, it is a wonderful addition to the series.
game-hours: 246.9
review: Why do I reccomend this game? SKYRIM. Need I say more? But seriously, it's a fun experience even if you've played for hours on console already.
game-hours: 23.2
review: One of the best games. I have never imagined that I could ever play a single player game! I've never been a fan of RPG's and in Skyrim I haven't skipped through a single dialogue. If you don't have it so far you are missing by a lot.
game-hours: 129.6
review: If you like to play a great for hours and still find new things, play this game. You will never get bored and you get to kill some mother fu*king dragons
game-hours: 591.4
review: YES
game-hours: 107.0
review: I dont know why im doing a review on this as im sure pretty much anyone with a front door and an internet connection either knows about this game or owns it. But im going to do it anyway. The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim = Game of the year 2014 and 2015 and 2016 etc. Seriously awesome game especially with mods. Very replayable game with pretty much no ending. There are different ways you can play such as: Sneak, Heavy, Mage etc. And with variations like only one type of spell like destruction or- I would finish this but i want to go and play skyrim. Not even joking.
game-hours: 28.3
review: This is the best game ever! I like it a lot better on PC than on console because of all the mods.
game-hours: 247.6
review: Pretty good. If you mod the  out of it it becomes amazing.
game-hours: 30.2
review: too real too good
game-hours: 90.5
review: Skyrim.
game-hours: 237.4
review: One of the best open-world RPG game ever
game-hours: 33.4
review: This game made me shout fus-ro-dah in real life to see if it would work; unfortunately, it didn't. But, I found the game immersive and a lot of fun and I got that going for me which is nice. 11/10
game-hours: 115.9
review: It was an ordinary day. I was in Solitude, heading to the blue palace. I needed to do some buisness with the queen. As I entered the palace, I noticed an older gentleman seated to my left. He look concerned. As I glanced him over, I noticed something percular about his legs... I realised that he had a platter stuck in his left knee. Instantly horrified, I ran over to see how I could assist this poor man. Grabbing with all of my might, I ripped the platter from the mans leg. He was clearly thankfull and obviously in a much better state health wise. I felt proud. I did a good deed for skyrim and her people. Suddenly a loud noise came from my right. It was the guards. Hmm.. They must be after someone.. They came closer and closer until studdenly I realised the person they were after, was in fact me. Confused, I wondered what I did to deserve such strife. Then it hit me. I was holding the platter. They thought I had stolen this. Surely I can explain. I even have a witness. 1 day in jail later, I learned my lesson. Don't help someone if they have a platter stuck in their knee. Leave them alone. To die. 10/10 fantastic. Would platter again.
game-hours: 215.0
review: Played this on the PS3 when it first came out, got it during one of the numerous sales on steam. Well worth it!
game-hours: 28.4
review: nice
game-hours: 44.9
review: Destroyed my life, sucked away my time, broke all bonds with my friends and family. Highly recommended.
game-hours: 53.0
review: It's like skyrim with skyrim.
game-hours: 72.0
review: It sure is Skyrim all right. Overall Rating: 9/10
game-hours: 27.8
review: is rly good.
game-hours: 665.9
review: By Ysmir, you won't leave Skyrim alive! 11/10 Goodbye my free time
game-hours: 222.7
review: It is Fallout with Dragons!!!! But no Peter Dinklage.
game-hours: 149.2
review: Skyrim on PC is remarkable. The Vanilla game on my 360 pales in comparison. I only put about 10-15 hours or so on the console version because it did not do a good job sucking me in like Oblivion did. I was left dissapointed by the console release but then, I built my first gaming computer, but it was sometime before I really began to make the complete shift over the mouse and keyboard. About a year ago, during a steam sale, I decided to get the Legendary Edition of Skyrim, having missed out on all of the DLC on the console and even most of the base game content. I figured i could at least play the game in full hd and at 60fps, more than I could get on console. However, I began to mod my game pretty vigorously to get the game that I wanted. I know that I am playing MY Skyrim and not something else. I have graphics mods, new followers, new weapons, complete new areas, and gameplay overhall that involves having to eat, sleep and drink to survive as well as staying warm in the harsh Skyrim winters. While I still feel like Skyrim is a step back in the series as a vanilla game, my modded Skyrim makes it a hardcore, immersive and challenging game that the vanilla game did not offer me. At the time of this writing, i have put 130 hours into my Skyrim and I will happily double that number as well. Skyrim is legendary in it's own right. The community is always coming up with new ideas and content to keep pushing the game forward. From what I have learned playing Skyrim is that the journey is much more awarding than the destination. The adventures I have had with my companion Inigo have been great and I can't wait to have many more. Fighting bandits, finishing quests, finding new items and soaking in all the sounds and sights of the land. Then I get a crash to desktop. I throw my mouse across the room and take a cold a shower.
game-hours: 133.8
review: Great game, love it, amazing gameplay!! Buy it!
game-hours: 38.3
review: My mods take up more memory than the game itself.
game-hours: 501.0
review: An amazing game have spent many hours playing through all the quests. There is also the fact that the game is so easy to mod to make even better
game-hours: 263.7
review: The "Game of Thrones" of the video game world! The plot twists, story versatility, and depth of play far exceeded anything that I could imagine from a video game. Several times I've already gotten chills, cheered for someone to die, and felt so many different emotions that a video game has never brought out before. This is by far the best game that I have ever played!
game-hours: 42.0
review: Skyrim is a great, adventurous, single-player game. 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 78.4
review: One of the most amazing games I've ever played in terms of exploration and being able to see the beauty of nature in a video game medium. The only complaint that I had was that the main storyline could have been better. However, the game genuinely gives you the feeling of being able to take your time and soak in the soundtrack and combat together for a beautiful experience.
game-hours: 399.9
review: Pretty nice game...and it got a lot of mods to support the game
game-hours: 188.8
review: Beware! this game is cursed! Once you're in you can't get out until you're finished, and we all know a mortal's life span is a bit too short for that.
game-hours: 148.1
review: After spending a great deal of time just playing this fantastic game, I think that I can easily recommend this game to anyone. The graphics are not the absolute best but great for the time. The AI and UI is fair and fitting for the game. The level of options and choices on what you want to doing is practically endless. The workshop and modding support from the community really transforms this game as the possibilities are never ending. Also, I can not go without mentioning the bugs with this game but there is plenty of patches to fix almost all of them.
game-hours: 2.3
review: Huge like Skyrim :X
game-hours: 1.9
review: I found something... listen skyrim has 6 letters. the 4th letter is a R. 6-2=4. Illuminati has 0 R's. 4-0=4. Illuminati has 1 eye. 4+1=5. The elder scrolls FIVE. You see it. loominarty kfirmt? But still great game -IGN
game-hours: 84.4
review: ERMHAGERD DRAGHUNS!
game-hours: 153.2
review: Well done game with massive replay value and an excellent modding community
game-hours: 11.7
review: Even better than getting a SkyRIM-JOB! Hahahaha, I'm lonely.
game-hours: 446.8
review: THIS GAME IS: 10% luck 20% SKILL 15% CONCENTRATED POWER OF WILL 5% PLEASURE 50% PAIN AND 100% REASON TO PURCHASE THE GAME.
game-hours: 421.3
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a truly excellent game and with the right mods it can quickly become one of the most immersive. The modding community for Skyrim is now so vast that the ways to enjoy your game are endless. However if you don't want mods then I would still recomend the vanilla game to people who enjoy fantasy and RPG games. Skyrim's open world map is great as if you don't want to do any quests you can just pick any direction and begin exploring and adventuring as you see fit. There are also many different play styles, with 10 races to choose from and even more skill trees to explore (18 to be precise) you can pretty much do anything! Overall I highly recommend this game, and all of the DLC! 100% recomend it, 10/10 game.
game-hours: 210.0
review: The first time I ever played this. As soon as I got out of Helgen. The feeling of a true open world, no other game has matched this one. It was possibly the most amazing feeling a game has ever gave us.
game-hours: 22.1
review: Best game so far. And probably ever.
game-hours: 37.6
review: 9/10 with mods 5/10 without
game-hours: 730.4
review: Hammer Geiles spiel Man kann es nicht Durch Spielen hammer grafik Hammer Feinde Hammer Hhlen HAmmer dungons :D Hammer welt Und hammer sachen (schwerter,rstung) Sehr spannend Empfehl ich nur :D
game-hours: 106.3
review: Great game its really fun and missions are actually good and some are quite hard but more intresting and its quite good to use the shout power and speed power just got to earn them by finding some wrting thing on the wall when ur doing ur mission u get a new power and u can upgrades skills to use u can smith armor if u cant look or find good armor. You can get heavy armor and light armor but and u can get Daedric armor whitch is best in the game or dragon armor they got good armor ratings but u need high level heavy armor to smith them and if u get light armor u can get nightingale armor whitch gives good picklocking good sneaking more stamina and stuff but not as much armor ratings ....... by pressing *Tab*....
game-hours: 152.2
review: Very fun game i definately reccomend buying this even if its not in the sale as you will spend hours on end playing this!!
game-hours: 98.2
review: This game is endless fun. There i so much depth and fun, from recovering stolen objects, to pickpocketing people, this game is awesome!
game-hours: 88.6
review: Great game, and with the right mods it can have beautiful graphics and game mechanics!
game-hours: 252.1
review: One of the best lore games ever made. It's gameplay is truley amzing, as well as pretty good graphics to add with it. The main part of this game that i LOVE, and would recomend to everyone, is the amount of modding you can do to this game. Overall 10/10 would recomend to everyone that enjoys games with lore and love the whole fantasy dragons and magic
game-hours: 51.5
review: I have played TES:4 oblivion and at that playthrough I was amazed about the details that game had. Next RPG game that I played is Dragon Age: Origins that bored me from RPG genre. Many years later I found my RPG game that has long play time, cool and a lots of features. Not the mention skyrim has infinite potential at modding which adds more play time to game. So far this is best RPG game ever made in 2010s. I can guarantee that just exploring Skyrim with DLCs needs at least 80 hours of gameplay.
game-hours: 76.0
review: Beware, This game will steal your life.
game-hours: 225.9
review: A vast and beautiful world where you can get caught up with a severe case of wanderlust. Game of 2011, and that's a bold statement considering this has been an amazing year for games.
game-hours: 76.0
review: You will spend a stupid amount of time on this game if you're a completionist like this guy
game-hours: 159.2
review: Just do it.
game-hours: 77.3
review: 1,000,000/10 - Murdered chicken, got arrested - Killed a dragon, crowned a hero - No one cared afterwards and proceeded with their daily lives - Became the #1 most wanted person for stealing a potato 10/10 - Console commands. killallkillallkillallkillall - Consume 10 cheese wheels, 6 baked potatoes, and 2 sweet rolls in a matter of 4 seconds - Join Dark Brotherhood - Suddenly, you're an assassin - No, don't go jumping of buildings - I used to be an adventurer - Until I took an arrow to the knee - Wow, I'm surprised you managed to read up till here. Congratulations *slow clap* No really, though. Get this game. Great soundtrack, lots of awesome exploring, and a  ton of gameplay.
game-hours: 292.4
review: 16k pebbles es.
game-hours: 378.0
review: This game is beautiful. The environment is not only huge, but stunning as well. The combat is not the best, but the amount of customization and character development make up for this. If over 100 hours of vanilla gameplay isn't enough for you, this game has hundreds of mods for it so you can make the game whatever you want.
game-hours: 137.3
review: Dont know what to say. Just buy the Game and enjoy it, its 11/10
game-hours: 153.9
review: got kill kids mod killed dem es in whiterun 11/10 ign
game-hours: 151.9
review: Was gonna talk to a dude, steals a cup instead and get's a bounty of 40 coins and the whole town tries to kill me 11/10 -IGN
game-hours: 20.3
review: Killed a chicken in a village- everyone theres goes batshit crazy and tries to kill me. 10/10 Would kill again.
game-hours: 98.0
review: I had completed every quest and side quest on my Playstation years ago, then I sold it. With the introduction of the new DLC, Bethesda practically forced me to buy it on the PC. If you haven't played Skyrim yet, you can't go wrong for 5,00 (price on sale). It's a marvel.
game-hours: 53.7
review: BEST GAME EVER! : )
game-hours: 133.2
review: One hellavu GG! If you haven't got it you need it!
game-hours: 32.8
review: Well 10/10 would make a Big bouncing boobs female badass character with mods, long live the Skyrim.
game-hours: 62.3
review: BEST GAME EVERRRR! 100/10
game-hours: 104.1
review: Simply the best game i've ever played.
game-hours: 119.1
review: This game is Really EPIC.. Intense battle's and awesome weapons. Seriously the Best Elder scrolls game created
game-hours: 122.9
review: A WHOLE NEW WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOORLD Inotherwordsbuyit
game-hours: 127.9
review: One of the best games that steam offers
game-hours: 591.5
review: One of the best games I have ever played! There is a huge amount of stuff to do and the modding is really easy for those who want some extra material for their old game. I recommend this song to everyone who like RPG's and Fantasy games. The combat is a little balloonish but still a good game.
game-hours: 191.5
review: Oh boy... Get this game ASAP (if you like RPG) and mod it... simply awesome game, and it'll keep you entertained for a long time, wether you start anew or continue... simply amazing man!
game-hours: 56.1
review: This game is a timeless classic buy it and play it to death. Then when you're done mod it to death you can't get bored. I bought it for xbox but I liked it so much I decieded to get it for PC so I can mod it. BUY IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 100.4
review: Hands down, best RPG I have ever played, 10/10 (with mods). With over 500 hours played on my main account and around 200 spread across several others on Xbox, I am happy to say that I have enjoyed every bit of it. This is my favorite game of all time and I didn't even play it with mods :O Now that I have it on PC I have modded everything from the way I walk, to having every object retextured in HD, to how NPC's react when I'm naked :P This game still has one of the best immersive experiences even after 3 years of being released, not even the newest games have a chance at measuring up to it. Definitely would recommend this game to a friend, this is a must play before you die kind of game. Without a doubt you will love it once you get the hang of it. It's not the easiest game to grasp, you will always have something new to discover or level up.
game-hours: 309.4
review: SKYRIM an rpg you will love if you take the time to learn its personality. A personality of explore! explore! explore! Which after two years of playing I have found out is SKYRIM's greatest strength along with the other things your character does on their own such as blacksmithing weapons and armor, enchanting items with magic effects, researching alchemy for creating healing and fortifying tonics as well as toxic death dealing poisonous potions, hunting for food or sport and cooking the spoils of the hunt, reading books upon mountains of books (No you still cant write your own but they got a mod for it LOL ) which fill out the missing spots in lore and interacting with the world. There is so much to do in SKYRIM its mind boggling. Game mechanics such as combat have improved greatly since the nostalgic old days of MORROWIND. Not only can you block with a shield but you can stun an opponent with it and do the same with any weapon in your shield arm such as a bow. Its a lot of fun taking a non-melee weapon like a bow and bashing the stuffings out of my enemies as they stumble about stunned and confused. Of course it takes timing as well as stamina which is always being used up for such attacks. Another excellent combat mechanic are power attacks that can make a big difference when dealing with a powerful bandit chief or high level monsters like Draugr Death Lords. It always comes in handy to buy or with the alchemy skill create stamina potions once you have learned the recipe to use in battle to keep those power attacks going or at least to have enough stamina where the enemy wont knock you on your rear end creating the perfect situation to finish you off. One of my favorite ways of dealing with enemies is to swing a burning torch at them and watch them go up in flames. This is great because it means my melee based barbarian character doesn't have to break character and learn magic to use fire which weakens enemies to physical blows. I just grab a torch like a raging villager out to burn the Frankenstein monster into a crispy critter shade of well done. You can also attack on horseback which is done in a realistic manner with a sense of awkwardness since after all who has ever seen a jousting match where combatants felt graceful. Kill cams add some eye catching coolness when killing enemies just like in the grand sci-fi b-movie styled rpg masterpiece FALLOUT 3. Oh! Ah! The demented joy of decapitating an enemy after learning the proper perks in the skill tree. Everything in the world of SKYRIM is lovingly hand placed allowing Bethesda to tell a story in many set piece situations like a husband and wife whose burnt bodies you discover outside their isolated cabin. With further exploration you eventually find out what may have most likely been the cause of their untimely demise. The world is full of hostile and non hostile npcs and creatures. Just when you think you have come across something that is menacing and bound to attack it turns out to be the opposite as long as you don't get on it or their nerves. Enemies such as bandits many times will not out right attack you and will instead warn you to keep away which is a wonderful welcomed change from enemies that kill everything in sight. I have come across many traveling npcs on the roads of SKYRIM such as bards who will sing for coin, damsels in distress, groups of people traveling to special engagements, prisoners being taken to who knows where which I can choose to liberate and will fight by my side in their bid for freedom. Hunters roam the land searching for game to kill and sell. One more reason the world feels so alive and not just a landscape of death to kill in. Npcs in towns and cities look and act very alive thanks to the Radiant ai. Conversing with them many times I have found myself unable to stop talking with them due to their interesting personalities and backgrounds along with quests many may send my characters way. The incredible huge variety of npc's and how different from one another they are is amazing and really breathes life into them making me curious of what an approaching villager is up to. Its also nice to see that important npcs are not killable which prevents a lot of problems due to the life like randomness of the Radiant ai. Wouldn't want a Dragon killing the Jarl of Whiterun and messing up the main quest etc. Companions are nice though I longed for them being much more talkative and reacting to variables such as my speech skill with a higher skill making them open up more and a low speech skill or charisma having them get angry at my character or treating them as amateur etc. Environments are detailed works of art as if someone created some imagination machine and strapped it on to the players brain where a world alive consumes the players vision and soul in a fantasy tapestry which seems to change and form into whatever the player wishes it to be. The dream controlled. The reality beyond touch kissing the minds eye. The world map is very different from past Elder Scrolls if not daring with its "live" view of the world helping to keep me in the blistering cold mindset of SKYRIM with its puffy white clouds and snow ravaged landscape. Nice change from the classic paper map view of old. It could have done with some proper looking roads though. Perhaps in the next game we will have a paper map that wears away over time with the player having to buy new ones at a town store. Who knows they might even keep the current view we have now only for magic users alongside the paper map for non-magic melee type characters to use in the next Elder Scrolls. Optional quest and map markers are great to have in-game making it easy to have some idea what direction I should be going for a quest or if I just want to find the nearest dungeon to plunder when am not in the mood to blindly explore. Most of the time I ignore the markers buts its nice to have them there just like with fast travel where I can go anywhere on the map if I have already traveled there when the horse and carriage service is not nearby. The music soundtrack is one of the best and diverse since TES 2 DAGGERFALL. From heroic bombastic songs in combat to almost spiritually transcending music when traveling in the world the soundtrack for SKYRIM is one of a kind and a moving work of audio orchestral artistry. Not to mention like all Elder Scrolls and Fallout soundtracks it leaves a very relaxing aftertaste making one feel as if they just woke up from a wonderful dream when ending a game session. Character creation is the best I have seen allowing me to create a visually gorgeous heroic character or a ghastly ghoulish looking murdering fiend. Along with the stunning environment with its sunset reflecting lakes and mountainous physique your player character will fit right in with the epic fantasy landscape making one feel they just stepped into a Frank Frazetta, Simon Bisley masterpiece of fantasy art. The so called removal of classes is actually the opposite. Now instead of having a few classes to choose from the player can create a near infinite amount of classes by playing their characters the way they want. Game balance is still kept since the skills the player uses most are the ones that will keep on improving. So a melee warrior who all of sudden decided to learn magic at level twenty will have a harder time mastering it compared to if he/she had started from level one using magic related skills. On top of all this epicness we also have the good fortune to indulge in the creepiest action packed and creative DLCs to ever grace an Elder Scrolls rpg since OBLIVION's SHIVERING ISLES expansion with the HEARTHFIRE, DAWNGUARD and DRAGONBORN DLCs which add many new things to the base game as well as their own main subjects of building a home, vampirism and vampire hunters, things ancient and of long ago. DRAGONBORN especially has a very thick MORROWIND theme to it.
game-hours: 51.5
review: I have played the game on Consoles and PC, It is fanatastic. Great story, immersive atmosphere and expansive world. If you looking for a fun adventure game to play on occasion, you'll find yourself playing it once a day, for 24 hours. Addicive and fun, definently in my Top 3 favorite games.
game-hours: 210.6
review: Got killed by walruses 10/10
game-hours: 58.0
review: Friggin best - most addicting game out there. GET THIS GAME IF YOU HAVENT ALREADY. FUS RO DAH!
game-hours: 1.9
review: Just got this game for PC today, but have been playing it for a while on PS3. My god, I marvel at the amount of choice and customization in Skyrim! You can create your very own character with a unque and personally-tailored playstyle. The things you can do alone are staggering. In one moment you can be exploring an Ancient Nordic ruin, the next out hunting in the woods for deer, killing dragons, gathering ingredients, it's amazing! Definitely a good one to pick up for any RPG lover out there!
game-hours: 4.2
review: I've noticed that the reviews for Morrowind, Oblivion, and Skyrim tend to be about why that game is the best Elder Scrolls game and the others are terrible in comparison. I really enjoy all three of them (sorry, Arena and Daggerfall, you're just not very enjoyable by today's standards), so I figured I'll give reviews for each that focus on what's unique about each of them, and what kind of players that will appeal to. Skyrim is the most mainstream of the three. It's a big, grand production, meant for a big. grand reception. In other words, this was the first TES game specifically designed to be in the headlines a ton. Think of it as the difference between a film with a 30 million dollar production budget and one with a 300 million production budget, meant to be one of the grandest films of the decade. Morrowind and Oblivion are the former, Skyrim is the latter. It's easily the most professional of the three. As such, the game is meant to be most appealing to a wide range of players. Morrowind is pure chaos, Oblivion is pure order, and Skyrim is somewhere between those two extremes. It's safe when it wants to be and wild when it wants to be. It has some of the rugged freedom of Morrowind, while being polished like Oblivion and therefore avoiding any of the major negatives that Morrowind also has. For the positives of the game, let's go ahead and start with the graphics and scenery. Morrowind had rugged scenery, but the graphics weren't good enough to really be stunned by it. Oblivion had soft graphics and scenery, which left you feeling perfectly content but not awed. Skyrim has both the graphics and scenery to take your breath away. It's rugged, majestic, powerful, and all sorts of other things. It's easily the most immersive of any of the three games. No matter how many thousands of hours you've spent playing it, there will always be views that strike awe in you. Whenever a game can get you to willingly just stop and stand there and take in everything, it's succeeded. Skyrim does that all the time. The skill and perk systems are also the best of any TES game. It allows you to really forge your own path and adapt your character however you want as the game progresses. Morrowind and Oblivion basically make you decide at the beginning exactly what type of character you want, and keeps you confined to that choice. Skyrim is much more fluid, and each playthrough is much more customizable, which also allows you to add much more depth to the story you come up with for your character. Want to be a high elf who is disgusted by the actions of the Aldmeri dominion and decides to shun magic and adopt the rugged combat and lifestyle of the local Nords? Want to be an Orc who feels no connection to the brute stregth emphasized in your culture and instead explore the arcane and master the ways of the mage? Want to be a Redguard who shuns the sword and shield and instead masters the bow and slips silently through the shadows? Well, in Skyrim you can be any of those things, and pretty much anything else you could possibly imagine. Another big positive is the crafting systems found in the game. The smithing skill replaces the armorer skill, and is a gigantic improvement. You don't have to worry about maintaining your armor and weapons, but instead you will be able to smith powerful weapons and armor the more time you devote to it. If you want to have daedric weapons before you even hit level 20, you can, but remember that it means you spent so much time smithing that your combat skills might not be up to par. The same goes for brewing powerful potions or creating powerful enchantments. It's determined less by getting lucky and finding good stuff, and more by deciding what to pursue. For the negatives, we have to go back to the earlier analogy about the Hollywood films. The 300 million dollar budget film has a ton of things that you could possibly want, but it also cant take the risks or be as quirky as the 30 million dollar budget film. So everything in Skyrim is polished and streamlined, and sometimes you find yourself wishing that it would be less powerful and more quirky or nuanced. The magic is a good example. There are fewer schools of magic, and fewer varieties of spells. No levitation, no damage weapon or damage armor spells, no school of mysticism, etc. Destruction spells basically come in three varieties (frost, fire, and shock). There is a good variety of types of those spells (cloak, rune, constant cast, etc), but sometimes you want to be able to hit someone with something other than frost, fire, or shock damage as a mage, and in Skyrim you can't. The DLC's do add some good variety (restoration school spells that do direct damge to undead or do posion damage, conjuration spells that allow you to bring forth powerful creatures made of ash, etc.), but it's still less options than Oblivion or Morrowind gave you. And that's really what a lot of the negatives of this game boil down to: things you loved about Oblivion and Morrowind that weren't included in Skyrim. It has so many improvements over those two, but it also gets rid of some of the things people loved about them. The soundtrack, for example, is a powerful soundtrack, but it feels like it's always in "adrenaline-pumping" mode, whereas Morrowind and Oblivion had music that would really draw you in emotionally. It's not that Skyrim's soundtrack is bad, it's just that Morrowind's and Oblivion's were better overall. Overall, this is the crown jewel of the TES series so far, but that doesn't mean it was perfect. You'll love it, and yet you will still sometimes prefer to play Oblivion or Morrowind instead.
game-hours: 75.3
review: As my first real dive into the RPG universe, that has been a great success! I have really enjoyed the gameplay and asthetics of this game. The moment I stepped into the world of Skyrim I fell in love with the land and its culture. The community surrounding this game is phenominal as well, including the people who do amazing work in the workshop. I would highly recomend this game to anyone who wants to have a nice getaway as a nordic styled warrior for a while. It is an inspirational experience for all.
game-hours: 355.2
review: Lost my girlfriend because I was too busy slaying dragons, 10/10 would slay more dragons
game-hours: 119.6
review: SKYRIM IS THE BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 212.8
review: Good things: - Amazing graphics - Tight combat - Decent story - A metric f***-tonne of side quests - MODS!!! Bad things - Later stages of the story consist of just sending you back and forth between two locations for hours - Only seem to be four or five different voice actors in the whole game - Will steal your social life
game-hours: 1237.3
review: Stand alone it's the best rpg hands down ! add mod's BEST ''single player game EVER made''!!!!!
game-hours: 776.0
review: "Skyrim is an unforgettable masterfully crafted adventure that simply cannot be missed!
game-hours: 348.6
review: This game burned out my motherboard. 420/69 would kill Heimskr again
game-hours: 128.1
review: Whould recommend for players that never playerd RPG before as well as for old fans of genre. Great game!
game-hours: 537.4
review: Undoubtedly my favourite ever game, with surely unmatched expanse and diversity while still keeping every single one of your favourite RPG elements. A must-have for ANY open-world lovers like myself. Even if you (for unexplainable reasons) you don't like the way Skyrim is...well, you can at least pump it full of mods!
game-hours: 108.4
review: If u enjoy styling your hair before the disco, applying chapstick every 30mins, putting on small vests, wearing sunglasses at night, doing pushups for fun and fistpumping to the beat of extreme disco then this game is ideal. You can also style your character to have huge muscles so you dont have to work out in real life. Nice addition for aspiring body builders. You can also be a cat. If you like cats this is nice. I like cats so I play a cat. If anyone has cute pictures of cats then maybe you could email them to me. Thanks and goodbye.
game-hours: 150.2
review: My life is still ruinning
game-hours: 4.8
review: Defeat dragon -> Accidentally press F9 -> Loads previous save -> Look for autosave after killing dragon -> There was no autosave after killing dragon -> Rage quit 10/10
game-hours: 115.6
review: Muito bom!!! Apenas algumas caractersticas que poderiam ser mantidas de outros games da srie!
game-hours: 123.7
review: Roleplay as anybody Plus tons of mods to mkae it better!
game-hours: 592.2
review: it is the best game i have ever played,i have been playing it since 2013 and i still love it
game-hours: 57.3
review: BEST RPG EVER!!!! Played over 400h then bought in Steam. 10 of 10 Arrows in knees!!!
game-hours: 138.4
review: Athmospheric innovational roleplay masterpiece.
game-hours: 168.3
review: I love it.
game-hours: 242.0
review: best ing game that you will ever find. I HIGHLY reccommend that you get the "unofficial patches" as they fix most of the bugs that Bethesda hasen't.
game-hours: 101.5
review: you can play hide and seek with kids 10/10
game-hours: 120.6
review: This Is the Greatest RPG Open world Fantasy game Ive Ever Played
game-hours: 563.7
review: Oblivion was the personifcation of an RPG. Skyrim takes the crown of undisputed RPG heavyweight for the next few years. Unsuprassed excellence, replayability and near perfection with endless plethora of mods to hone and tweak your game. Better or equal to Dark Souls: Prepare To Die Edition until TES VI arrives...
game-hours: 14.9
review: i have played alots of hours on Xbox 360, it was great but with a new pc and the grapics! <3
game-hours: 41.7
review: This game is incredible. A solid candidate for the best game ever. It's utterly massive, and very beautiful. 10/10.
game-hours: 13.4
review: really great game love it better on pc then a system thanx to mods
game-hours: 692.5
review: My future husband recomended this game to me and I was a skeptic at first nothing could replace Everquest I thought. But after playing just a few hours I was hooked. Now 525 hours later I still and enthralled and mesmerized by the beauty and lore of this game. I have gotten a friend to buy and play and will recommend it to anyone who asks how I like the game. Great work and thank you for your time and effort in the development of such an amazing game.
game-hours: 12.9
review: Amazing graphics and gameplay. Hands down one of the greatest series ever with Skyrim leading the pack as the best to date.
game-hours: 111.2
review: Sure, it was okay, but I'd really like my money back, since I bought the game when it was 60 dollars, before it shifted down to 20... :P
game-hours: 5.2
review: They killed me because I killed a chicken 10/10
game-hours: 36.0
review: GOD DMAN RPG WITH AMAZING GRAPHIC AND MODS. ENJOY it so far :) Now im the king of skyrim :D no one can stand in my way with my 50 body guards.
game-hours: 216.1
review: Good
game-hours: 24.3
review: Some say this game sucks, some say this game rocks, some say this game is the gift of God to humankind, but all we know is it's name is Skit. You can often see it in the stores, you can admire it but you cannot afford to talk to it. And when you are finally accepted in 'the hood', you will have a nice surprise: horny, good looking fake women. Skyrim is one of the games you only think you've finished the story, but then an old f...ed up man comes near you with a new quest that will take ages to complete. So yes, if you want to lose your life in quests, buy this game. But on the other side, your life is already messed up so why not?
game-hours: 279.8
review: The Elder Scrolls universe reaches its pinnacle, again! Taking all your favorite lore from Morrowind and Oblivion, and continuing on into the future: Skyrim is an open world adventure with so much to do, you can easily find yourself spending DAYS played without actually progressing the main story arc. Replay, for me is a must in any game, and the Elder Scrolls series never fails to deliver!! 99.99999999999 out of 100. If you love action/adventure/RPGs and haven't tried Skyrim, you're doing yourself a horrible disservice!
game-hours: 126.1
review: It is The Greatest Adventure I Have Ever Undertake, From The Fog Covered Swamps of The Hjalmarch Too The Throat of The World A New Story or Encounter Rests Around The Next Bend. This is a Master Piece of Story, Art and Gameplay All Melded Into the Pinnacle of RPGs.
game-hours: 77.1
review: Will always be a brilliant classic. 10/10
game-hours: 92.1
review: Best Game of 2011. Period.
game-hours: 168.2
review: It's a masterpiece
game-hours: 297.8
review: I have always been a fan of the Elder Scrolls, and this game to me was just another amazing advancement in the ongoing struggle in Tamriel. There is too much to go on about, but if your into RPG's and you don't need the feel of MMO, then I highly recommend Skyrim, and all the installments from the series.
game-hours: 90.3
review: Most amazing game in the world
game-hours: 8.8
review: "It's like Far Cry 3 with no guns. 9/11 it's okay." - Machinima
game-hours: 26.1
review: great game buy it
game-hours: 83.9
review: Probably the best game of all time. You never get bored no matter how many playthroughs you do and if you get bored of the original you can try the dlcs and the amazing mods. They are really well. I can't really rate this game cause 10/10 is to low for it.
game-hours: 300.7
review: One of the best PC games of all time.
game-hours: 212.1
review: Skyrim is one of my favorite games. The graphics, quests, detailed stories, etc. are spectacular, even during the glitches. Also, I'm glad there's a workshop because a lot of people are creating awesome mods! It's great to see so much talent and effort Bethesda and other gamers put into a really fun game and I hope there's a lot more to come!
game-hours: 442.1
review: I know its 4 years late for me to write a review but I still meet people who have never played an elder scrolls game O_O! So for those looking at this...just buy it! This game is a masterpiece and we need more games like this. Not to mention with the addition of mods makes skyrim that much better. Somehow here on steam people have left negative reviews on skyrim. I don't even understand how Skyrim can have a single negative review aginast it other than trolls Buy the game 10000/10
game-hours: 45.3
review: I love this game, Good Story line, and guess what, the game goes on, you could finish the Story quickly and still have loads of fun. From Battling,Questing,Eating, Looting and much more.
game-hours: 76.5
review: let's just keep this simple since i have dragons to slay and quests to do. POSITIVES + The video game equivalence of what 'the godfather' is to films. A landmark achievement of the interactive medium. NEGATIVES - prepare to be turned into a real-life Draugr due to sleep deprivation 9 fos ro dah/ 4 giants on snowpeaks.
game-hours: 180.4
review: Amazing
game-hours: 69.1
review: Flat out one of the best games I have ever played. Endless customisation, deep lore, a huge breathing world to explore, stunning visuals, epic storylines and choices galore. This game can be played anyway that you wish. You can blast through every storyline, creating a death dealing beast of a character; be it mage, archer, elf, orc or lizard. Or you can roleplay the day in the life of a poor fisherman or farmer, or a hunter or soldier...the opportunities are endless. You can literally do whatever you want in this world. With a choice of ten playable races (more with mods), and a complex and detailed characeter creation screen, you are free to birth any denizen that you desire. And hello old school rpg-ers: no classes. Thats right, build whatever playstyle you so wish; from a duel weilding ice mage to a pickaxe hefting orcish maid. Choose your own story, and make choices that will be reacted to and remembered (mostly). And MODS! This game has a colossal modding communtiy, from the Steam Workshop to the Skyrim Nexus, you can completley change the way you play the game, or the way the game looks and more. Seriously, this game can look next-next-next gen :) Honestly, I can't recommend this game enough; play this if you are looking for immersion, quality, roleplaying, story, lore...I could go on for days, but I appear to have taken an arrow to the over-used-internet-meme.
game-hours: 40.6
review: Great game just a few glitches here and there. some i can work out but others that i cant stop me from progressing in certain quest lines.
game-hours: 541.0
review: Possibly the greatest game ever made. The game has good replay value and the modding community is amazing. Had the game on Xbox, but i got it for Pc just for all the great mods.
game-hours: 4.2
review: GREAT GAME! so realistic, burns time 2!
game-hours: 17.1
review: I found out how to use the developer console. Instant Knife Kills/10 I found out how mods work Sanic/10
game-hours: 28.4
review: I love this game, so many mode to explore and the game is already huge!
game-hours: 369.2
review: gorgeous gorgeous gorgeous. apple pie for the eyes. delicious story line with many outcome possibilities. if you're trying to decide if you should buy this game, do it. you won't be sorry.
game-hours: 246.8
review: Once upon a time, I began playing computer games in deep shadows of our house in times of old pentium processors and three digit Geforce Graphic cards. I began with games like Diablo, Gothic, Arx Fatalis, and when I did learn about Bethseda and saw their products, I was astonished. In TES series, I foresaw my destiny. I could work out, I could learn stuff for school, hell I could improve my life in any way which I would find. But I said NO. Ever since my life did change. It was rollercoaster of gaming, despair, endless nights spent by playing TES series over and over and OVER OVER AGAIN. Honing and improving your character, mixing potions, killing monsters, killing monsters again, and again, then killing guards in city, anihilation of entire city population only to LOAD your game and just do it again. With our friend HAVOK physics, its fun to do it not once, nor twice. Its enjoyable after doing it so many times before that its unbelivable. Did I mention you can kill and ride horses, kill guards on horses, kill creatures and make them fall off the cliff sneak into entire dungeon killing one by one stealing their stuff. Running naked in like -50 degrees of Celsius, hunting deers with your bare hands and fishing not with rod, but with spells. Crabs, horses, deadric creatures, dragonz (yes DRAGONZ!), horses, guards on horses, all zoo team (but not penguins!), frying deer with fireball en route on your plate (just to throw out that meat because you didnt want it anyways), and killing giants. Watching giants kill other creatures and then killing them which- if you have hearth- will make you really sad because they are so un-evolved and so dumb. Unfortunately those are only creatures which probably will evoke any (if ANY) empathy in you. And after you kill all those hordes of creatures, you will feel like a boss of this world and will demand.... to do it again. 97/10 legit and reasonable score for such a remarkable game. Check those horses! The only reason to not play this game is to not get contracted by its addictivity. If you think Diablo is mother of all RPGs, well sad to say it, but I have found Adam and Eve of RPGs. With snake, apple TM, tree and god himself...
game-hours: 854.7
review: The best game I've ever played!
game-hours: 121.7
review: 10/Doritos PRO TIP: The Rat-hole of city that is Riften has horrid sweetrolls.
game-hours: 21.7
review: 2 years old but still amazing!
game-hours: 76.9
review: >Tried to download a mod >Whenever I try to start a new game, everyone sits naked in the carriage and the cart is standing still, even after reinstallin. 10/10
game-hours: 339.5
review: This game is the best 10/10
game-hours: 49.4
review: Absolutly fantastic.
game-hours: 24.0
review: You already know this game is good.
game-hours: 112.1
review: What the crap did you just say about my gear, you little brat? I'll have you know i'm a level 90 Fire Mage, and i've killed so many Dragons, that Alduin has now gone into hiding. I have a Daedric Greatsword enchanted with fire and paralysis. I have over 500,000 gold, and a shock-enchanted bow, ebony arrows. Not only am I extremely powerful with magic, i'm also a werewolf, and i'll surely use my giant claws to slash your character's face open. You are nothing to me but a Level 5 Wood Elf Hunter. I'll kill you so many times, you'll take a boat to Solstheim, just to get away from me. I also have an army of Khajiit Warriors at my beck and call, and I told them exactly where you are, so get ready to fight back. I can be anywhere, at any time, and know over 700 ways to kill you, and that's just with using 1 spell. I also have access to the entire arsenal of Daedric Weapons, and i'll surely use them to wipe you off the face of Skyrim. Just wait until I Fus Ro Dah you off the Throat of the World. I'm also married to Aela the Huntress, and I will make sure she puts an arrow in your empty skull. You won't believe how many PVP matches i've won. I'm the Thane of all 9 holds, the Arch-Mage of the College of Winterhold, the leader of the Companions, a Legate in the Imperial Army, the leader of the Thieves Guild, and leader of the Dark Brotherhood. I'm also heavily trained in the Warrior category, so I can kill you with swords and Destruction Spells at the same time. Your character is dead, kid, you're better off quitting Skyrim, because there's no point in playing it if you're going to be killed by me all the time. You're dead, kid. You think you can get away with saying that stuff about my gear over chat? Think again, num-nuts. I've single-handedly led raids on the biggest Bandit Camps, Dwemer Ruins, Forsworn Camps, and Necromancer Forts. I'll have you ending up in Oblivion, for the Daedric Lords and Warriors to eat at dinnertime. Get ready, you little milk-drinker. I don't care how high a level you are, how much gold you have, how many dragons you've killed, or how many vampires you've killed. You're troll food, now, boy.
game-hours: 82.8
review: I was half way through main quests... My OCD wanted to remove the 2 infamous side quests... 50 hours later im still trying to finish them and there's 7 side quests now... 10/10 Would play all day again
game-hours: 217.5
review: Amazing game! Completed story 5 times and the side missions are still differant, Love it! 10/10
game-hours: 194.3
review: was so good, i got all the acheivements and did more. The only thing i think i can say is i 100% reccomend getting this game. its gr8 m8
game-hours: 297.2
review: Can one really even review Skyrim? Get it.
game-hours: 113.1
review: Inventory Management Simulator 2011
game-hours: 50.1
review: -Mods -Mods -Mods -And Mods
game-hours: 12.8
review: Great game. Never get tired of this.
game-hours: 52.6
review: Skyrim is by far my most favorite open world RPG. not to mention the wide verity of mods you can get for it, there are so many it will completely change your experience and make you want to play the whole game again all over with 50+ add-ons .
game-hours: 153.5
review: Mods - 10/10 would bang.
game-hours: 397.8
review: Ignore Haters. Bethesda delivers, once again, one of the greatest epics of videogame history. Youre back in Tamriel, hundreds of years after the Oblivion crysis and right in the continent of Skyrim. The empires in shambles, theres a civil war to get rid of them going on, and Dragons are back. And as always, its simplier than Morrowind. Get it. Play it. And wait for Elder Scrools 6 and avoid ESO like the rest.
game-hours: 1019.7
review: The best game I've ever played! 10/10
game-hours: 987.8
review: Check my player time. Would I really play a game this much if it sucked?
game-hours: 9.3
review: All time Favourite game, Endless hours of Adventure, Also the best game soundtrack of all time. If you dont have this game, then buy it now, like now!
game-hours: 32.5
review: If you've ever read an old scroll, that's equivalent to playing Skyrim. 11/10 would level up again.
game-hours: 149.6
review: So engaging... So awesome. I rarely replay games, Skyrim is the exception. It is so much fun, the textures and art are top-notch, and the music is phenomenal.
game-hours: 199.1
review: Everyone knows this amazing game, and if you don't then I'd like to see the impressive boulder you are living under.
game-hours: 142.7
review: I used to own Skyrim for the PS3 a while back and played it for 8 months straight doing every side and main quest there is to do. I feared that once I finally ran out of things to do I would never look upon Skyrim again. How wrong I was. It seemed I have been living in the shadow of the PC version of Skyrim all this time. Here I am again a few years later having already clocked over a 100 hours on the game. I picked up the Legendary Edition on one of the Steam sales and fell in love with Skyrim all over again. Why do you ask? I would simply say this: MODS! I WANT ALL THE MODS!! Modding Skyrim is like opening a can of Pringles. Once you pop you can't stop. No seriously, it becomes an addiction if you're not careful. I am just so impressed by the way you can mod this already considered dated game, into a beautiful new environment where you can relive the games greatest moments with in-game graphics that look like they belong in a game released today. (Either that or go completely silly, and make the game as weird as possible) Dislikes? I do not have any when it comes to Skyrim. This is surely a game for the RPG enthusiast, who also loves to hack-slash away at things too. Everyones experience playing Skyrim is different. I found the best way to play the game is to not just stick to the main quest and just go and explore the beautiful scenery and surprises it holds :)
game-hours: 70.7
review: modded it, broke it, reinstalled.
game-hours: 146.9
review: Walked into Riverwood killed a chicken big mistake
game-hours: 387.8
review: The game is a masterpeice. It is an amazing open world game that you can easily spend 100s of hours exploring. Don't hesitate to buy it unless you simply do not have enough free time to play such an epic game.
game-hours: 72.0
review: You should totally buy the lengendary edition.
game-hours: 127.9
review: Way better than on console for one simple reason, MODS!!!! The best mods are on nexus, and there are so many, total conversion mods, you name it, Already had ample playtime on console, got this on a sale, and added just about 120 more hours in with mods!
game-hours: 190.1
review: Awesome
game-hours: 302.1
review: Super game, good to buy
game-hours: 1931.7
review: Pursuing dragons is just an excuse to pull you into a vast world filled with countless stuff, wonders, and dangers. Choose your path, forge your weapons, pick your abilities and become the master of the guilds, or their reckoning. If that isn't compelling enough, the breathtaking landscapes of Skyrim can thorougly make it up for a walk around the forests and tundras. With too many choices to make, so much wealth to be reclaimed, a bunch of places to know and a fate to fullfill, Skyrim is one of the greatest games of this generation. A must have for fans of epic fantasy. Even those unfamiliar with the genre should a least give it a try.
game-hours: 314.6
review: The Mother of RPGs
game-hours: 10.1
review: This game is truly remarkable. There is so much to do and see and fight and eat and ride and learn and wear and read and discover. There is so much to do for everyone.
game-hours: 205.8
review: Although I played this game a little late, but it's one of the best, it's just perfect! The Soundtrack is unforgetable, the environment is awesome, the HUD is clean and nice. and it's endless too! I only played it for like a 200 hours and I still have A LOT to do.
game-hours: 807.3
review: If you have played "Fallout 3" and liked it then be sure to purchase "TES V Skyrim"
game-hours: 117.8
review: I wasn't going to recommend it but then I took an arrow to the knee
game-hours: 97.3
review: k
game-hours: 299.1
review: I love this game so much the graphics are really good i played and completed the story about 10 times and it was still fun because you can be a mage or a warrior or a assassin and a archer or whatever you want. I was a mage at first i was a mage who was really good at healing so i let lydia do all the work next i played as a battlemage i used a steel sword and fire and then i was a archer then a assassin then my fav a warrior just going in and killing people like it was nothing they were like don't kill me and i was like nope and about 5 mins later there was a camp of bandits with no heads and it's just really fun. The dragon battles are fun but i wish they where more common i have only met about 6 dragons in the wild the dragon shouts are amazing fus ro dah and you could send someone off a cliff so i would give this game a 9/10
game-hours: 36.3
review: It's shiny, it's fun, it's very, very moddable, and there's no denying that Bethesda pulled out all the stops on this one. My lasting impression however is of a visually grayscale world, a soundtrack that is lovely but not memorable, and a linear and uninteresting story. I won't go so far as to call it a disappointment because I do enjoy this game, but there is still no contest between this and Oblivion for me.
game-hours: 28.9
review: This game, guys. For anyone who, in younger years, obsessed over Elder Scrolls while the rest of the world wondered what the hell was wrong with them, this game represents a cure. Few heard of Morrowind in my hometown. None had beaten it. Three or four classmates knew of Oblivion, and only two got past the battle of Kvatch. I honestly thought no one else could obsess over the series the way I had. Then came Skyrim. It wasn't Morrowind or Oblivion. It didn't need to be. Skyrim gave me more than gameplay, more than caves and barrows. It showed me there were others just as obsessed, just as excited to see the secrets hidden in the next ruin, the next chest, the next mission. Forget graphics. Forget story. Forget immersion. Skyrim is perfect because it showed me I wasn't alone. Beyond that, I can say nothing higher.
game-hours: 72.6
review: Fus Ro Dah!!!
game-hours: 9.5
review: Skyrim <3.
game-hours: 59.2
review: Skyrim is truely the best game i have ever played in my entire life. I've played various of game such as super mario bros and pokemon as a kid. Growing up i began playing more violent games like Grand Theft Auto, call of duty, street fighter 4, etc etc. Everything about skyrim is really good. The soundtrack brought life to the game and enviroment in my opinion. The graphics and looks on the game is beautiful. Several quests to do that will keep you playing after the main story quests. The best part of skyrim is that you can mod it to your liking, it could be skins, adventures mod, this game will keep you enterain for a long time. I don't normally do reviews either, but this game is as good as people say it is.
game-hours: 14.3
review: I Love SKYRIM
game-hours: 20.1
review: just as good as the ps3 version
game-hours: 29.1
review: After aquiring Uthgerd you then become jesus. All the dragons lose there scaley genitalia. They are no match for you and Uthgerd
game-hours: 69.7
review: One of the best single player experiences ever. It's a massive open game world. You can play for hundreds of hours and not get bored. Mods let you replay the game even beyond that. Downsides? Eventually you wish you had more time to play to get to it all. Amazing.
game-hours: 25.8
review: The fun that never ends
game-hours: 89.7
review: You can easily sink hundreds of hours into this!
game-hours: 118.5
review: Great game
game-hours: 61.8
review: Extremely fun. I have played Fallout 3 and Fallout: New Vegas, which were also Bethesda games (excuse me if I say it right). I wasn't real into RPG like games, But I gave it a try. Great visuals, especially with some graphics enchancers for it. 10/10
game-hours: 155.5
review: Pretty much the pinnacle of adventure games. This game can keep you occupied for literal years. Definitley woth every penny.
game-hours: 25.7
review: Best game since sliced dragon meat
game-hours: 115.2
review: Endless hours of content, massive world, good replay ablity and nice combat. Simply put one of the best open world RPGs.
game-hours: 119.7
review: a Masterpiece.
game-hours: 598.7
review: 100/10, would sacrifice social life again
game-hours: 77.9
review: One of the best pc games ever. 10/10
game-hours: 5.4
review: dived off a cliff and 1 hit a giant 10/10 would do again
game-hours: 43.2
review: This is the game that's so fun an addicting, that I bought it day of release on XBOX 360, played it for three years, then quit xbox for pc, missed skyrim, bought legendary addition, and now playing it nonstop. This game is an ALL TIME best RPG only being beaten by Oblivion and Morrowind (Which I also spent money on the DLCs on xbox and then bought on PC with all DLC)
game-hours: 167.3
review: Good game.
game-hours: 43.8
review: This game is awesome buy it you wont regret
game-hours: 247.1
review: Best freeroam and adventure game evar!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 112.9
review: AWSOME
game-hours: 1149.8
review: Amazing game and the moddability of it gives it exceptionally high replayability.
game-hours: 585.0
review: I have aIways been excited to play Skyrim.Ever since I player skyrim, I have been playing it every day, I changed my name to Dragonborn, I changed my picture to the dragonborn, and I played about 500 hours of Skyrim.I highly recommend it to everyone. You can't go wrong with buying Skyrim. It is worth every penny of its purchase.
game-hours: 276.1
review: Best RPG I've ever played, despite it's early bugs and glitches this game has surpassed expectations and is to be considered an instant classic. 95%
game-hours: 190.4
review: You will love this game! A leveling system that is similar to Fallout 3, complete immersion of lore and land, characters are incredibly diverse, and the entire game is so big you'll spend weeks playing it! Combat is the only flaw...ish. it's insanely fun but repetative. And of course the fabled Bethesda Glitches... if you count them as bad. Personaly, I find the glitches hilarious. If you haven't already, buy it... now!
game-hours: 292.0
review: dis goooooood
game-hours: 182.5
review: no words to say. EPIC!!!
game-hours: 331.2
review: This game has unlimited potential! Whether it be DLC or Workshop addons, this game has allways come out on top!
game-hours: 355.6
review: This game has provivded 300+ hours of fun and i havnt even beet all the missions so much fun
game-hours: 23.1
review: this game is one of my favorite games, the mods add and endless supplie of thing to do and its just a great storie line
game-hours: 2371.9
review: It's quite good.
game-hours: 153.1
review: I adore this game, it really appeals to the role player in me. The graphics are stunning (if a bit same-y occaisionally), and I adore that I can customize it with mods members of the community have made. I do have an issue with it though. This is an issue I have with all the Elder Scrolls games, I don't like having to be led by the hand for the first half an hour. I like to just jump in and do what I want, rather than wait for the myriad of partial cut scenes to play out. I realize that it helps engage you in the storyline and give you a cursory understanding of the controls and mechanics, however I find it incredibly annoying. Other than that, it's a fabulously fun game. I really wish there was a way to play with your friends though, even if it was just over lan.
game-hours: 85.5
review: Having played over 1,000+ hours on console and now having picked up the PC version and getting to play around with some of the mods, I can now without a doubt say that this is my absolute favorite game... ever. This game has me at a loss for words to explain its "amazingness", it truly is a spectacular game. Graphics wise it is ever so slightly outdated but, not to the point where it is a pain, just some really low res textures here and there. The gameplay is incredible, out side of the melee combat which is a god-awful MS1 spamming pile of crap, that is compromised mainly of aiming your courser to make sure it hits and watching their health bar as you spam away. The in-game elements such as the magic and the "shouts" are very fun to play around with for example, one of the starting shouts, if not THE starter, "unrelenting force", allows you to ragdoll people to your heart's content, whether it be a bandit, or even giant naked men. Anyways, more to the point, this game is tons of fun if your someone who enjoys deep RPG experiences like myself, if you are someone who likes more fast-paced and more linear games, or basically any genre that isnt RPG, I'd still say give this a try, you never know.
game-hours: 91.1
review: Best rpg/adventure/midevial game HUGE MAPS TONS OF QUESTS AND ENEMIES this is DnD taken to the next level
game-hours: 16.5
review: I use to review games, but then I took an arrow to the knee.
game-hours: 230.3
review: I know 99.9 percent wont read this but I am a 5 year old and I play minecraft on the day. I wank furiously and snort massive amounts of cocaine when I'm home alone.
game-hours: 67.8
review: I had never played any Bethesda game before Skyrim, and I assumed that this game was all hype. I was so wrong. When I first started it up, I said to myself: "Hey, this looks kinda cool, but I doubt that I'll actually like it that much." Once again, I was wrong. I know that I'm just repeating the words of other reviews when I say that there is so much to do, but it's such a huge factor that I'm saying it anyway. I can run through the woods on my way to work on a quest, and I find a bandit lair, which is actually a huge dungeon, start up another story line from it, and then go back to my other quest. It's amazing. The reason that I even bought Skyrim in the first place was only from the repeated nagging of my friends. I got the legendary edition because this was during the big summer sale. I have no idea what the base game is like by itself. All I know is: being a vampire is awesome, and why would you choose to get the base game and not be a vampire, instead of spending a bit more and being a vampire? I know that I only have about 60 hours on record for Skyrim, so I may not be the best source for review, but I plan on gaining plenty more in the future, because this game is something that I could never have imagined. One last thing: If you don't have Skyrim, you're stupid. Let's just put it at that. 12/10
game-hours: 91.7
review: i yelled at a goat and it died. 10/10
game-hours: 469.0
review: Yeah... Did EVERYTHING on the ps3. Even with all the glitches and bugs, I did everything. EVERYTHING I COULD, got the platinum trophy and waited a damned year for the DLC. Got my character to level 142. Now if I did all of that on the ps3, with all of those damned bugs. You gotta know this is a good game. Now I've got to do them on steam... with less bugs included. Yes I recommend it and yes I feel sorry for you if you have to yet to play it.
game-hours: 421.9
review: 10/10 - One of the only games i ever got hooked on. Hours of fun, nice dlcs, and mods add so much more hours of fun. Just don't kill a chicken, im serious don't do it.
game-hours: 728.3
review: So many things done, so many mods played. Still haven't stopped playing, when I'm bored my mind immediately goes to play this. I pray for my sanity with the next game. Update 2015: Still haven't got bored. ------------------ very very great game. with mods? even more amazing the amounts of things you can add to this game make it even more wonderful!
game-hours: 73.6
review: One of th best games I've ever played lots to do endless map and great graphics
game-hours: 142.3
review: I was very impressed with the game that came out in 2011. The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a great game made by Bethesda Studios. The first time I saw the trailer, I didn't expect any less and couldn't wait for the game to come out. When I finally bought the game for Xbox 360, and completed the entire story line and most of the side quests, I understood that I'm missing out on the funnest thing you could do with Skyrim; mods. Then after I bought the PC version of the game, I was shocked to see how different it can be from the console version. I can only say that Skyrim is for sure one of the best games I have ever played. 10/10
game-hours: 114.0
review: The latest installment to the elder scroll franchise (not counting online, as far as I know there are no provinces called "online" in tamriel), Skyrim is a big and beautiful yes gritty and restricted take on the elder scrolls series. It keeps plenty of elements people gamers loved from the older games but refined it to be more convenient to the player (dual wielding, alchemy and leveling). I think Skyrim's biggest flaw (and possibly the only thing stopping me from entitling it "better than oblivion") is that the quests just seem too generic. In Oblivion you may be tasked to find a man who has been taken to an isolated island, used for hunting fun by other people, but the twist is after you've been sent to the island, you become the next victim. In Skyrim, you may be told of a man who is trapped on an island being used as hunting fun by others, and you must go through a draugr infested cavern to get a specific item to get the guy back. Overall an amazing game which I need to play more of, 8/10 would slay dragons again
game-hours: 147.8
review: You can play this for months on end, and there will still be endless amounts of things to do in this game. Quests you've never seen yet, mods that expand the game to a much better version of itself, and other endless possibilities!
game-hours: 230.4
review: It's Skyrim nuff said.
game-hours: 2.2
review: 10/10 like skyrim with guns wait...
game-hours: 15.1
review: Amazing Game. A huge fan since i started playing it, has great texture and detail to make it feel so realistic. I would recommend it to anyone!!!
game-hours: 157.0
review: Best game i ever bought and i think i will try and follow on with TES on their games now ive played skyrim it is so fun and packed with adventure and the vanish of the dwemer and the snow elves turn to the falmer Or The Betrayed. also getting mods from the workshops it help with more fun and differant weaponary. If you have any questions or you need help just ask :). I would definatly reccomend a game like skyrim.
game-hours: 433.1
review: Do you get to the modding community very often?Oh what am i saying,of course you do.
game-hours: 68.0
review: When it says OPEN WORLD, it means ing OPEN WORLD!!
game-hours: 84.9
review: Great game sneaking is amazing, Its fun leveling up all my skills.
game-hours: 234.3
review: This game has beautifal graphics, amazing battles, and awesome storylines. It, all in all, is a great game. 10/10
game-hours: 184.5
review: It's a really good game.
game-hours: 24.9
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim does not only equal its legendary predecessor Oblivion; it surpasses it. The immense and atmospheric world and insane amount of content will have gamers captivated for months, while the more dynamic level structure and improved fighting possibilities won't allow for a single boring moment. Plus, Skyrim has dragons. Epic!
game-hours: 76.2
review: This is seriously one of my favorite games of all time. The land is so immense, you'll never run out of things to do. While it didn't take very long to complete the main quest, there are so many side quests, minor quests, and guild quests to complete. It's definitely worth the money to buy it!
game-hours: 45.2
review: This game offers so much gameplay for sucha small price. Get it on sale when its like 2.50 and you'll be thinking to yourself this game is worth like $100. 10/10
game-hours: 368.4
review: (y)
game-hours: 485.6
review: I enjoy it. I have done mods, but not many because I don't like to have anything to off the wall because I feel like a lot of mods take away from the feel. now I personally have a hard time sticking to a character so I have never finished the main story line or the civil war because there is so much to do that you can get side tracked easily so if you like a railroad story you might not enjoy it but if you enjoy freedom you will love it. now at the beginning I always have a hard time deciding who to follow. I follow the emperial because i like the fact he seems to actually care about me not dying, but i like to follow the stormcloak because i get to kill the (explicitive removed) who ordered me on the block. if you look at my played time you can tell i have a fair amount of experience playing it even if i still have a lot to discover still, but that is a mark of a good game in this case. you have so much to discover that you might never see it all. I mean sure it isn't cheap but you get a lot out of it. If it had the same cost and you could explore everything in 10 hours then........ wait i noticed the price went down since i bought it nvm on that comment. Anyway if you like d&d you should love this. I know i do.
game-hours: 249.9
review: Clocked almost 200 hours on this so far and still not bored great game! Edit: After doing everything short of diving into every cave I'm now at 250+ hours have downloaded a bunch of the highest rated quest mods and have reinstalled I can also confirm 'Still Not Bored'
game-hours: 4.2
review: Got murdered 5 times and lost all my stuff becouse i stole a cheese wheel. 10/10
game-hours: 388.0
review: Perhaps the Best Fantasy singleplayer game of all time. Only if it had Multiplayer...
game-hours: 41.6
review: GOTYAY
game-hours: 20.5
review: I frickin' love this game , this adrenaline , the story is amazing , so are the details and I like that the game works on Low-End PCs ;3
game-hours: 65.6
review: 5 minutes= 5 Hours
game-hours: 47.8
review: 10/10 would bang
game-hours: 74.0
review: A good game for people new to the Elder Scrolls genre, although many aspects from previous games have been removed, it is still one of the best RPG games out their even now. Also, buy Morrowind eh?
game-hours: 894.1
review: Quite simply the greatest game I've ever played in my life. A pure masterpiece. 9/10 Vanilla 10/10 Modded.
game-hours: 115.2
review: Played Skyrim instead of getting laid. 10/10 would do again.
game-hours: 158.7
review: Like Arma 2 with physics and crap guns
game-hours: 119.7
review: Fckin endless when you add mods -_-
game-hours: 189.0
review: Vanilla game: epic  9.9 / 10  Modded game: Absolutly stunning  10 / 10  Need something else? nope, it's Skyrim. Go buy it!
game-hours: 648.9
review: By now, I bet everyone and their mother has played this game, but... Look at my hours. I have spent almost a month total playing Skyrim. I have beaten this game at least 20 times. If, by procrastination or disinterest, you have not played this game... Stop what you are doing right now, add some funds to your steam wallet, and get. This. Game. Beat it, then mod it until you have no idea what you are playing anymore. That is all. Have fun slaying dragons and taking part in the "giant-hammer-space-program".
game-hours: 23.4
review: Amzing Free Open World Game
game-hours: 18.6
review: Good rpg game. Story was very boreing though and the only thing that made it a bit fun was the mods.
game-hours: 119.7
review: Skyrim is one of the best games I've ever played! Keep it awesome guys!
game-hours: 8.2
review: FUS RO DAH !!!
game-hours: 15.3
review: You can't go wrong with Skyrim...
game-hours: 331.9
review: I can't stop playing this game, My friends can't stop playing this game, My wrestling coach can't stop playing this game. Once you start playing this game you won't ever see the light of day again. Oh and modding it will make everything better. Everything is possible with mods... and I mean EVERYTHING.
game-hours: 2.9
review: One of the best games ever made!
game-hours: 48.4
review: I've played this game so much I've memorized the menu theme. Don't believe me? Well, see for yourself: Dovahkiin, Dovahkiin, naal ok zin los vahriin, Wah dein vokul mahfaeraak ahst vaal! Ahrk fin norok paal graan fod nust hon zindro zaan, Dovahkiin, fah hin kogaan mu draal! Huzrah nu, kul do od, wah aan bok lingrah vod, Ahrk fin tey, boziik fun, do fin gein! Wo lost fron wah ney dov, ahrk fin reyliik do jul, Voth aan suleyk wah ronit faal krein Ahrk fin zul, rok drey kod, nau tol morokei frod, Rul lot Taazokaan motaad voth kein! Sahrot Thu'um, med aan tuz, vey zeim hokoron pah, Ol fin Dovahkiin komeyt ok rein! Dovahkiin, Dovahkiin, naal ok zin los vahriin, Wah dein vokul mahfaeraak ahst vaal! Ahrk fin norok paal graan fod nust hon zindro zaan, Dovahkiin, fah hin kogaan mu draal! Ahrk fin Kel lost prodah, do ved viing ko fin krah, Tol fod zeymah win kein meyz fundein! Alduin, feyn do jun, kruziik vokun staadnau, Voth aan bahlok wah diivon fin lein! Nuz aan sul, fent alok, fod fin vul dovah nok, Fen kos nahlot mahfaeraak ahrk ruz! Paaz Keizaal fen kos stin nol bein Alduin jot, Dovahkiin kos fin saviik do muz! Dovahkiin, Dovahkiin, naal ok zin los vahriin, Wah dein vokul mahfaeraak ahst vaal! Ahrk fin norok paal graan fod nust hon zindro zaan Dovahkiin, fah hin kogaan mu draal! 10/10 would sing again
game-hours: 28.1
review: What can I say? Its a superb game. Who doesn't like shouting at dragons?
game-hours: 865.6
review: BEST PC GAME EVER!!!
game-hours: 133.4
review: best thing eva.
game-hours: 6.7
review: No matter the amount of characters created over how many systems, this game does not ever stop being entertaining.
game-hours: 428.8
review: The Elder Scrolls universe is the most richest, filled and complete thing. It would take 4 hours to give a minimum explanation and days to give a full explanation. The music is very relaxing and makes you feel like a true nord. <-- Had to sneak it in, sorry. Every Elder Scrolls Installment has had music to grip you in, and leave you amazed. Every flaws this game has, can be forgiven by itself. THAT IS LITTERALY SOMETHING YOU WOULD NEVER SEE IN A GAME. If you were to inspect every little detail of this game, (probably would take a year) you would be guaranteed to miss some things, so much openworldiness. 10/10 replayability, you can replay this game over and over and over as a different race, each discovering things you will never forget on each character, making you super OP. That is why this open-world playground can achieve, and every single npc has a humongous backstory, if you are willing to look into it. A little tiny quest can have so much backstory, leaving you jawdropping on how much lore it has. This game made it to my Top 10 Games List, at #2, almost beating Just Cause 2. Buy now, or regret doing so because you would miss out on a giant journey, that would make you rethink your life choices. (Kind of.)
game-hours: 37.6
review: Oh, my, freaking, god, best game 10/10 mlg 420 blaze it game of the year bit too late to do the ratin though ;) Seriously though buy it.
game-hours: 37.5
review: Amazing game! I've played through this game multiple times on many different players and still haven't done it all. I've put in 300 hours on xbox and 30 on PC and im stiil not done playing.
game-hours: 139.9
review: Can't believe it has been 3 years since this game came out. Still addictive as f**k , huge modding community makes it a lot better and optimization is really good. Infinite possibilities.
game-hours: 254.4
review: Look at the metascore..nuff said. Get it and stop making excuses.
game-hours: 345.1
review: I have no life because of this game. Do not recommend.
game-hours: 247.6
review: If this game was a banana, it would be a good banana
game-hours: 32.0
review: PERFECT no bugs, (unlike those people who say there were) great story, good graphics, great music, map borders? there are, but i have never run into one, best game ever 90/10
game-hours: 418.0
review: Vanilla game is cool but mods are where this game really shines and you should definetly get at least SkyUI.
game-hours: 31.9
review: Easily the best game of all time !
game-hours: 10.4
review: It's Skyrim! What should I say? buy it. (I redeem it to late at Steam, thats because I only have 10 hours playtime.) buy it. God damn!
game-hours: 179.3
review: Awesome game, Even better with mods... if you get the right ones, it integrates seamlessly.
game-hours: 163.4
review: Some people find this game tiring because it's endless. That's precisely why it's the best one I've ever played. There are main quests, side-quests, an immense world to explore, you are free to do as you please, your actions or choices can have certain consequences, the expansions and mods just make the experience even more unforgettable, your character can become whoever you want it to be, no matter whether it's a peerless assassin, a mighty warrior or the most powerful sage. Or all of these. I love being able to decide which skills I want to train. As for the stories in the quests, I find them amazing and very interesting, and they just make me want more of Skyrim, especially the smaller quests. Details make the difference. The graphics are just beautiful, and the game itself is full of life (can be increased with mods, although these are not essential). If run on a desktop PC, the game can be enjoyed at its full capacity, but it can also run pretty smoothly on a good laptop. I'd definitely recommend it to people who look for the perfect equilibrium between adventure and exploring (action-visual enjoyment), and to make their own path without the game building it for them.
game-hours: 152.1
review: I use to go outside like you, then I got Skyrim. 11/10 I don't even remeber what it looks like outside
game-hours: 85.7
review: GETCHYEUR SKYRIM HERE! SOME NCE COLD SKYRIM!
game-hours: 687.0
review: FInds duplicating glitch... Gets 100000000 irons swords...... Fills whiterun with swords... Game crashed.... 10/10
game-hours: 87.5
review: many dragons, such loot, wow
game-hours: 9.9
review: Went to people's house and murdured them, no one noticed. Killed a chicken, got followed by half of town.
game-hours: 114.1
review: great game
game-hours: 178.2
review: Every five years or so a new elder scrolls game comes out, it reminds me i've gotten older...then again, every time a new elder scrolls game comes out, i feel like a kid on christmas eve :P
game-hours: 245.6
review: Man, oh man. Where can I begin with this game? It's epic in proportion, production, immersion, emotion, frustration, elation, ...and other various 'tions that may or may not apply to you specifically. The story itself is really good, though now that I've played through the game at least a dozen times. It's kind of lost its luster to me, but that doesn't mean it's bad, just that now that I know what to expect, I have to really immerse myself in something different in order to not completely abandon the main quest chain. That doesn't subtract from the replay value at all, however, for a couple of reasons. First, like many open world games, Skyrim is the kind of game you can lose hours in just wandering about and never really doing anything. I devoted an entire playthrough (if you want to call it that) to leveling a hunter/gatherer type character, just roaming the countryside hunting animals and selling their meat and pelts. I'd stumble across landmarks and geographic features I had no idea existed, run into NPCs I had never met, and see the world through the eyes of a character who, for once, wasn't destined to save it. The second thing that gives this game seemingly endless replay value is the modding community. There are mods that improve, add, change, and overhaul just about any aspect of the game you can imagine. From epic DLC-sized quest mods like Falskaar and Wyrmstooth, to little details like better footprints in the snow. There are mods that completely overhaul the perk system, and total conversion mods like the Game of Thrones Adaptation mod. The possibilities are nigh endless and the end result is often very very enjoyable. At the time of writing this review, Steam says 207 hours played. That doesn't count the non-steam version of the game I played for at least as long, if not longer. I find myself coming back over and over again, and each time I do, I discover something new to do. If you haven't yet, do yourself a favor and play this game.
game-hours: 410.4
review: Wonderful, wonderful game. Everything it was hyped up to be. With the ability to mod this game (on PC), this game really has so many possiblities and extras that will have you playing over and over again. There really aren't many games that have the type of re-playability that Skyrim has (even if it's not modded), and that's what makes this game incredible. It's arguably one of the top games of all time.
game-hours: 744.7
review: I recommend skyrim because there are so many story arcs to participate in and plenty of really cool areas and the scenary is just beautiful. There are some bugs and if you cant get the game to load after modding it take off all mods then load the game and try different mods see which ones work. The map is a good size to have an amazing adventure! I love the level up system in this game because it is so easy! One thing I don't like is having to choose sides in the war. However, if you choose imperial it is beneficial to the Dark Brotherhood quest line. The enemies were pretty cool for being randomly generated and rather tough in some cases (giants, frost trolls, trolls, etc.).
game-hours: 55.7
review: I wish I could erase this game from my memory... so I could experence it for the first time all over again.
game-hours: 133.1
review: Excellent game. Wish the gameplay was more like morrowind though. That was by far the best in the series.
game-hours: 353.0
review: This is one of the best games i have ever played in my whole life, it never, ever ends, so much too do, every person you talk to ingame will have something interesting too say or for you to do, a huge world to explore thousends of quests to complete caves too explore and anthing else, i highly recommend this masterpeice to anyone who can afford it.
game-hours: 31.7
review: Plain and simple. EPIC!!!!
game-hours: 102.4
review: This game has something for everyone. I am not one for first person shooter games but Skyrim has more than just killing. There is a whole world to explore and become who you want. Feel like becoming a mage? Want to be a hired hitman? Want to just run around the world meeting people? Just feel like exploring? Want to get married? I fully reccommend this game! (Also, I have over 40 hours on this game but I guess my offline time doesn't add to my profile?)
game-hours: 257.8
review: Kinda like Fifa, and kind of like Fallout, and nothing like Fifa.
game-hours: 150.8
review: How do I get away with ?
game-hours: 228.3
review: Immersive game with pretty good graphics ( Even on a bad graphic card, my GT 240M ( = GT 216 ) ). It is the greatest RPG I've ever played.
game-hours: 234.3
review: Best game ever!!!
game-hours: 142.2
review: One of the MOST epic games EVER!! :o :D: (Yes, you should buy it now...)
game-hours: 314.0
review: This game have : Scream can be so loud that peoples flies everywhere. Giants > Dragons. Modders make a rally about who will make the first nude mod. So. Much. Weapons. Modders always makes the elders scrolls games 50% more cooler than the game itself. Lizards and cats boobs. Amazings landscapes. Defying gravity horses. Cats boobs. Racism but it's agaisn't elves so it's ok ? Ice, like hell a lots of it. You're the dragonborn, a legendary warrior but you can get owned by spiders. You're the choosen one but the guards will arrests you if you kill a goat. Damn it mansla4y3r. Gamer poops Did I mentioned that this game have cats boobs ? 11/10 "Too much ice" IGN
game-hours: 86.5
review: She's in mint buddy
game-hours: 20.6
review: Killed a chicken Entirety of Skyrim attacked me 11/10 would kill again
game-hours: 314.0
review: Do you really need another review to convince you to get the game? Skyrim is one of the greatest games of all time - if not for the great graphics, engaging environment, variety of equipment, and vast mod community, the massive open world setting and hundreds of hours of quests and storylines make this game nearly unbeatable. To be fair there are some small shortcomings, often in gameplay balance and such, but virtually any shortcoming you can think of has a mod to resolve it. The content from both the game and the community make Skyrim a nearly endless game. Overall 9.7 / 10 stars Feel free to check out the mods that I have created as well, I have over 15 different mods uploaded to the workshop for your enjoyment :)
game-hours: 69.4
review: I saved the entire world against an army of fire breathing dragons... considered a hero, I accidently kill a chicken, and get sentenced to death. 10/10 greatest game ever made.
game-hours: 122.4
review: I love this game!
game-hours: 138.2
review: Best game I've played!
game-hours: 11.2
review: DWAGONS, DWAGONS, DWAGONS, DWAGONS, DWAGONS, DWAGONS, WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGH
game-hours: 422.1
review: 422.1 hours
game-hours: 35.5
review: I got killed by a dragon that landed ontop of me. 11/10 would play again
game-hours: 745.6
review: love the game play it constantly there is just so much to discover in this game and with mods you can double your playing time
game-hours: 132.1
review: Being someone who gets bored with games extremely easily, Skyrim V was a remarkably pleasant surprise. After the first day of playing it, I was hooked. After the first week, I began questioning my entire being. Nonetheless, whether this game was the greatest or the worst thing that's happened to meand it was probably both, admittedlyit is undoubtedly a spectacular, engaging, and gorgeous piece that deserves to be in anyone and everyone's game collection. Absolutely 10/10 in my book.
game-hours: 186.6
review: Skyrim is definitely a game I recommend. Stunning graphics, hours of gameplay, and you get to rule the continent! What's more to want?
game-hours: 9.8
review: Great game Great fights
game-hours: 26.7
review: God damn wolves never f*ckoff.
game-hours: 106.7
review: I think this game is still one of the best RPG in the store. This is must-have for RPG fans. Lots of deep stories, large map, swords and dragons... Anything else needed? Nope!
game-hours: 356.2
review: My experience: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is one of my most played and favourite game. I first got Skyrim for the Playstation 3 when it came out in 2011. I was bad at first, (I was new to rpg games), but after a while I got used to how the game works and I was having the time of my life. I only played the dragon born quests and that's all I did, I thought with just that ammount of quests to do, it was brilliant. Next I got it for the Xbox 360, and the same went from there. Once I was introduced to PC gaming back at the end of 2012, I got this game with a weak pc (compared to my current build). Pardon my french, but I ing love Skyrim on pc. Into the review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a continued franchise from the game Oblivion. This game has a ton of paths you can follow which makes the game even better with sides you can pick depending on what role you pick. For example you can join the college of winterhold which is a college for mages. Keep in mind that you can do the mages quests even if you are a rouge or a warrior, it's just there for the role players I think. ^^ You can fully customise your character to your liking from skills to face, hair etc. You can smith armour, weapons. You can enchant your armour and weapons to have the extra punch for your heath, stamina, magika etc. With enchanting weapons you can get, drain heath, frost damage, fire damage etc. To learn these enchantments you need to find items with these enchantments and destory them by using a arcane enchanter. You also require soul gems to enchant weapons and armour. When I was playing this game like I said before I thought this game was brilliant just by playing the dragon born quests, not even the side quests, but when I started to fully flush out all sides, mains and quests for the dark brotherhood, college of winterhold etc. You should play though the game and do all of the quests. This gives you plenty to do in this game if you do that. From doing this I have a character that has played 80+ hours and 50+ hours. Just shows if you play the game like that, you will have a lot of time capped onto it. This game is famous on pc for the mods. In my opinion even from jumping to console to pc I still thought this game looked kinda dull, but when I looked at the mods that are availible you can totally change this game. I have many mods installed, such as lighting and fx mod, better vampires, focus mod and enhanced blood. The mods that change the way the game looks you should make sure you are running on a up to date system with the hard ware capable of running this game. I have a i7 and a GTX760 and even with these fx and lighting mods this game runs amazing on ultra settings and 60 fps. This game has a huge ammount of content which will just keep you playing for a long time. Story line: As most of you will know, you start the game as a prisoner of the Empire. You are about to be killed and a dragon attacks giving you a second chance to run and live. You end up heading to a city called whiterun and you have to collect a dragon stone for the jarl's wizard. You then get told to kill a dragon near by. You kill it and you absorb the power from it and you find out that you are a dragon born. A person that has the power to permanently kill a dragon by absorbing it's power. DLC: Dawnguard: Dawnguard is a dlc which lets you to chose to either become a vampire hunter or to become a vampire. With the dawnguard dlc, you have a all new power to become a "vampire lord" This lets you turn into a vampire lord and use two spells, drain life or raise the dead to fight for you. Keep in mind that to start this quest, at level 10 a member of the dawnguard will come up to you and ask you if you want to become a vampire hunter. You find a vampire called serana, you take her home and a vampire lord called Harkon gives you a choice. To accept the gift of the vampire lord or to be hunted like all mortals. If you decline you will be on the dawnguards side, if you accept you will be on the vampires side. Dragon born: I do not have much experience with this dlc but I can give you a general idea. This dlc lets you explore a whole new area with new places to explore, a whole new quest line, and more shouts to add to your collection. You meet the first dragon born called miraak. He is much, much more powerful than you with more shouts etc. You're quest is to kill him and end his madness. Hearthfire: This dlc is much more cheaper than dawnguard or dragon born. This completely changes the experience of having a house. You can have children live in your house, they will ask to play games, to keep pets, ask for things and even ask for gold! The biggest part to this dlc is that you can buy land and create your own house with all the availible items you can create. Overall: Overall I think this game is amazing and I reconmmend this game to anyone who wants a game with a lot of content and people who love rpg games. 10/10
game-hours: 121.1
review: BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! With sharpshooters classic enb, skyrim 2k textures, W.A.T.E.R, Lush Trees and Grass, and 126 more mods. Then figuring out which mod causes your game to crash as soon as you hit play. 10/10 Would buy 126 more times
game-hours: 132.8
review: This is actually garys mod with backstory...
game-hours: 39.4
review: EVERYTHING. I LIKE EVERYTHING.
game-hours: 366.7
review: Why are you reading this review when you can be playing this game??
game-hours: 156.2
review: you buy now!
game-hours: 71.0
review: Why do you not own this? Seriously, why do you not own this? Why are you still reading this? Go buy it. Now. Go.
game-hours: 7.2
review: This gaem dusnt suk
game-hours: 116.8
review: Excellent game, and very addictive :)
game-hours: 377.8
review: Skyrim is an excellent RPG capable of suck many hours from your life. It tells numerous engaging stories and delivers an immersive experience in the frozen nothern lands of Skyrim. If you've played other Elder Scrolls titles you have a decent idea of what to expect, if not you're likely going to be pleasantly suprised. The Steam Workshop mod support for this game open up a contanstly growing database of new, east to install content. Well worth the money.
game-hours: 163.0
review: Must have for immersion and graphics enthusiasts. Great modding experience. The most beautiful world I have ever seen in a game, I must say. The open world aspect is full of surprises and without any repetition, even all the side quests that require you to fight your way through an abandoned dungeon have great variety due to the greatly differing environments built by the many races in TES. Great DLC with a nice price. For greatest fun and immersion check out the skyrim modding nexus even before you first play the game. I recommend grabbing the legendary edition in some sale.
game-hours: 317.5
review: GOTY 2011 Buy it.
game-hours: 456.4
review: Ok so here's the deal. I own all DLCs for this game and clearly am in love with it. What is ESPECIALLY awesome is the mods the Nexus community provides. Don't use Steam's Workshop, I've struggled with it for way too long before abandoning. The Nexus Mod Manager can make this process way more seamless than Valve's take on it. When you learn the tools - you can create an AWESOME experience of your own. Let's commend Bethesda for making Elder Series games, but mods and their authors take this truly magnificent sanbox and improve the experience, stability and replayability of Skyrim many times over. Enjoy this epic experience you magnificent s.
game-hours: 30.7
review: Consule to PC still a amzing game after 3 years of playing it. of course the Mods make it AWESOME
game-hours: 131.6
review: This is my heroin. 9,5/10.
game-hours: 1143.4
review: GAS THE THALMOR RACEWAR NOW ULFRIC WAS RIGHT
game-hours: 88.4
review: fun
game-hours: 40.7
review: By far one of my favorite games of all time. I can't stop playing. The graphics are amazing, it doesn't require too beefy of a computer, and the world is full of life in its huge environment. Don't feel like being a good guy? Beat the living  out of the guards and blow away citizens with your fire magic. Feel like doing good in the world? Go ahead.
game-hours: 407.2
review: Most immersive and content rich game on the market today. Definately better than having a girlfriend, and cheaper too.
game-hours: 249.1
review: my favorite game of the year, and every year since I've had it. Skyrim is the best open world game I've ever played. 10/10
game-hours: 134.9
review: One of the best games i've ever played
game-hours: 147.4
review: i loved the game... until the moment it stoped working
game-hours: 80.0
review: brilliant game. buy it.
game-hours: 271.2
review: Now having over 200 hrs put in to TESV (And also some 200+ on console) i can almost say this is the best RPG even in 2015 , the game had alot of content that Bethesda added but the modding society going strong for almost 3Yrs you can keep playing the game and have a new adventure everyday. Bethesda added alot of content themselfs (somethings they forgot) but the modding society makes the game more fun everyday , the gameplay is good for the beginning RPG player or the Hardcore RPG player , you have so much variety of playstyles the choice is all yours. If i rate this game 10\10 Sweetrolls ill give it a : 11/10 Sweetrolls
game-hours: 18.9
review: Ahh good ol skyrim one of my fondest memories is killing my first dragon with a whole lot of magic and my only steel arrow. This game could probably be confirmed as THEE open world and definetly won't realize how many hours you can put into one game trying to get that daedric heart. Oblivion was childs play compared to this game. Even if you dont even play games like this the game is a masterpiece. 8.95/10
game-hours: 226.1
review: Skyrim.. oh, Skyrim. It's in a league of its own. I have spent countless hours just.. doing whatever. This is your go-to game for pretty much anything, be it exploring dungeons, killing dragons, derping around in the woods or just questing. There's a lot of mods to keep the game interesting. From an aesthetic view the graphics are decent, the textures are poorly made but there are some amazing texure packs provided by the community, I suggest changing to those. Buuuut, like I said, a game in a league of it's own. Good job, Bethesda. You are the kings and queens of open world, free roaming games.
game-hours: 185.4
review: Although it has a few bugs this game is amaizing! Highly recommended!
game-hours: 81.3
review: Awesome!
game-hours: 401.5
review: This an awesome game that never ends!! There are a lot of options so there is always something you can do. ONE OF THE BEST GAMES I HAVE PLAYED. 10/10 stars
game-hours: 198.0
review: Steal a bowl and become skyrim most wanted. Great.
game-hours: 477.0
review: Fallout with dragons
game-hours: 327.2
review: My favourite game in whole world!! Absolutely amazing! However if you do choose to use mods within the game, do be careful since it may affect gameplay and setting may have to be ruduce to maintain a sufficient FPS. Otherwise absolutely brilliant!
game-hours: 256.2
review: Epic
game-hours: 22.4
review: 10/10 would eat souls again.
game-hours: 246.7
review: i want to go to there
game-hours: 75.9
review: This game completely ruined my unexistent social life. Had to rebuild it from scratch. 10/10 would lose friends again.
game-hours: 115.9
review: Saved the world from dragons then got killed for shouting at a chicken 10/10
game-hours: 42.7
review: Want to waste hours adventuring to far away lands, scaling mountains of content, and hunting to find the best treasured objects? Oh no that's just the modding section of the game, I can't review the experience itsself.
game-hours: 252.1
review: Skyrim really is a great game. Vanilla skyrim has so much to do. you dont even have to mod skyrim to have a great time. skyrim's concept is really great. every so often a human is bless with the power to speak like a dovah is super cool. skyrim has so much mod potential as well. so many places and people who could be given more in depth back stories by mods. really just a great over all game.
game-hours: 96.9
review: Well to start off nice and positive, - The game has a lot of content to keep you entertained for hundreds of hours - Mod support on steam is great - Over 1000+ weapons and armor (Including enchanted versions of the same armor/weapon) - Story telling is fairly good Now to end it with a little bit of negatives, - Game contains a few bugs here and there - Would be nice to have online support (Just a joke here) ;D Great game, Worth the money if you have no already purchased it.
game-hours: 179.8
review: fun
game-hours: 292.2
review: Extremly great game! So many mods to choose from, or if you prefer to play standard/vanilla thats fine aswell. You have a good amount of customization options to choose from when creating your character, including several races. Throughout the storyline/gameplay you can decide to help certain people out, or not. Choose your own path. YOU are the Dragonborn! 10/10
game-hours: 109.0
review: WELP! I have no life anymore. Seriously, at 1st this game is overwhelming, then it just sucks in, and in the end You dont even know what time is it, or what day of the week is. xD I wish I have bought Legendary edition, then I could do more quests and other things.
game-hours: 88.2
review: Efsanevi bir oyun bence oyuncuyu ok saryor :D kesinlikle tavsiye ederim :D
game-hours: 121.2
review: Real life? What's that? A Skyrim mod?
game-hours: 57.8
review: Best game in the world
game-hours: 468.6
review: Do you like magic, or swords, or dragons, or just all of them? Then this is the game for you!
game-hours: 514.8
review: YUP
game-hours: 78.9
review: This game will consume YOU! A game that lived up to it's hype 10/10
game-hours: 358.1
review: Um... YES 10/10
game-hours: 28.4
review: 28 Hours into the game. Still haven't been to Riverwood. 11/10, Mods are fun
game-hours: 817.1
review: A game that truly lives up to the hype. Amazing game.
game-hours: 52.1
review: get it
game-hours: 87.8
review: Great game, really enjoy it.
game-hours: 199.5
review: I bet you I'll get like 1000 hours on this.
game-hours: 1063.0
review: best game ever
game-hours: 148.7
review: This is a 100% accurate zero friend simulation.
game-hours: 30.9
review: BEST GAME OUT OF ALL GAMES. MUST PLAY :) No need further explanation, that's all!
game-hours: 144.3
review: One of the best RPGs I've ever played. Really good combat and great gameplay! Try it out for yourself! :)
game-hours: 16.8
review: I don't know why i've never tried this before! never apealed to me, and now i can't put it down. i have been a bit cheeky and installed a zelda mod to it, but that just makes it feel like a more mature version of it! 'Legend Of Zelda: Skyrim' love it
game-hours: 154.8
review: good
game-hours: 417.9
review: Really cool game, interesting storyline and dialogs, cool magic visual effects and quite a big chunk of fantasy world to explore! This game truly deserves the title "The game of the year".
game-hours: 37.2
review: I Do recommend this game It's epic Become a Nord Then you'll be the lord Of the next Horde Become an orc And you will look like a dork Holding a fork Become An Argonian They really like onions Become a thief You can even rob Hefid the deaf Become a Vampire You will rule their empire So that's some functions of the game...
game-hours: 12.6
review: (Don't mind the gameplay time, i have over 1000h here, but most offline) Pros: +Graphics (there's even a free DLC containing new particles) +Storyline (not only the main story is immersive, the ammount of side quests helps fill in the details) +Longterm (so, the main quest can be finished after some long hours, i finished mine in 50h+-, but doing some sightseeing, but you get lots of stuff to do and see during your journey, that can add up more 200h, or more) +Tamriel Story (so, if you are a fan of The Elder Scrolls series, this is set in a different era than the others titles, so you will know lore you didn't in the others games of the series) Cons: -Some bugs (what would be a open world RPG without some bugs, most are small things, walking over a pot, and it flies way, if it is in a certain position, for example, but not to worry, most of them do not affect gameplay) -Longterm (i know i said this in pros, but it is also a con for some people. Yes, you need to spend some time here, this is not a 1 day game, so, if you like short games, this is not for you) Finally, the game in my opinion is 9/10, a must buy, with or without the DLC's
game-hours: 256.8
review: Great game for fans of The Elder Scrolls. A big RPG which can be played through multiple times + great mods to make the game even better. Worth a try even for the most critical of RPG players. NB: This is a not a very hardcore RPG game for those who have explored the genre for a long time it might not be complex enough.
game-hours: 318.2
review: Truly amazing game, even in the vanilla 10/10, add in DLC 30/10 and/or mod it yourself or find something that suits you! Skyrim is FANTASTIC
game-hours: 2112.7
review: The Great game and doesn't have any competitors.
game-hours: 75.6
review: GOTY 2016 10/11 would trade my gf(she is rewally nice and not fat) for the work of art, i really like the part where this is a total minecraft clone and activision should be sory for even atempting to do such a thing
game-hours: 512.2
review: 10/10
game-hours: 389.2
review: This is one of the best games I have ever played... And the mods you can get for it... It's worth the money.
game-hours: 109.9
review: Not allowed to bang my wife. 10/10 best marriage simulator out there.
game-hours: 118.6
review: I could just say that and leave it but I wont. Ok, I know that character creation can be a little tedious but, other than that, I can not complain about this game at all. The graphics are amazing, the dialogue and quests are intreguing, and the whole premice of being a Dragonborn is just awsome. The scenary around the massive open world is breathtaking, and the inhabitants are even more so. I would honestly reccomend this game to anyone as I love it all so much! That is pretty much all I can say on this subject... Let me guess, somebody stole your sweetroll...
game-hours: 124.4
review: One of the the best RPG's in the series. For me, its my favourite after Morrowind. Dragons, Werewolves, Vampires, Magic and a living, breathing open world. Perfect!
game-hours: 27.0
review: Best game ever. Period.
game-hours: 778.0
review: Best fantasy somewhat-sandbox RPG in existence these days. Vanilla is a tad bland, but with mods from Nexus and Steam Workshop, this game has given me close to 500 hours of solid enjoyment. No other game in my library has nearly HALF that time put into it. Okay, I digress, Oblivion MIGHT gain that much, if I can get past the darned vanilla NPC's not making me want to retch. Dawnguard: Good DLC, plenty of story worth the price, wait till you can pick up on a sale though. Dragonborn: Own the DLC, never played Morrowwind, and have not had the chance to sink my teeth into this content just yet. From what I've seen though it has been interesting enough. "Falksaar": Head over to Nexus and check this one out, can't really say much more about it here since its unoffical and all that.
game-hours: 19.2
review: IT is awsome
game-hours: 421.5
review: crashed while talking to an npc
game-hours: 113.4
review: This is the best game i have ever played and hands down my favorite!
game-hours: 18.7
review: Amazing
game-hours: 226.3
review: Do I even need to explain why to play!?
game-hours: 328.1
review: Endless hours of fun.
game-hours: 58.7
review: Where should i start ? Before i start the review i played this game over 5 times on the xbox360 but why did i buy it also on the PC well because of the mods DLC's and more that made me play this game another 3 times then i found out that skyrim is really easy to mod so yeah... i played even more until i also found a mod that you can level up till level 350 i had 700 hours but a bug happend and it rested all my hours so yeah.... want to play a game that literally endless replay ability well  this the game for you  man i got sucked into it more then a leech to a fat guy with diabetes 10/10 Game Of The Years 2011 - 2014
game-hours: 116.7
review: Games has a  ton of bugs and always crashes to Desktop. 10/10
game-hours: 101.1
review: This is the best game i have ever played 10/10 Wonderful Graphics Its a very long game and thats very good in my oppinion I think the hole Elder Scrolls series is very good but this game is the best of them There`s so many opportunities in this game i love it
game-hours: 117.4
review: Slaugthering dragons by shouting is totally badass! A must have game. 20/10
game-hours: 36.1
review: Amazing, so many hours of great fun. Great storylines, multitudes of quests, one of those games you will never 'complete'.
game-hours: 39.3
review: +1
game-hours: 1664.1
review: One of the most addicting games I have ever played. The total time spent playing this game is greater than the combined play time of every other game in my collection, by a wide margin. Being an Elder Scrolls fan since the days of Morrowind, I can easily admit that Skyrim often feels smaller in scale than the island of Vvardenfell. However, what Skyrim seems to lack in scale, it more than makes up for in fine details. Though I have been playing it almost since Day 1, I still have not explored all that it has to offer. Now, one of the most important requirements for truly enjoying this game is patience. There will be bugs, crashes, etc., but if you have the patience to adapt your playstyle to compensate for these issues (and install the unofficial patches), you will have a relatively problem-free gaming experience that cannot be substituted by any other game. I highly recommend giving this game a try.
game-hours: 89.3
review: Best game I've played ever Awesome graphics and enjoyable cutscenes. All kinds of weapons and armour, magic and so much more. If u want to know how it really is, you should buy it. Because there aren't enough words to describe the awesomeness
game-hours: 109.2
review: Great game, but a little short main quest...
game-hours: 58.8
review: If you like rpg and first person games this is the game for you.
game-hours: 207.2
review: Help couldnt get past execution, got killed too quickly
game-hours: 227.8
review: This game is simply fantastic. Once you get a few mods going on the game, You're golden. Landscape Improvements, Combat Overhauls, New Player Homes. You're good to go. I strongly Recommend that you play through without mods for the first time if you haven't yet played this, and then mods for Quests, Like Moonpath to Elsweyr, Falskkar(or something like that) and so on. Enjoy the game!
game-hours: 68.3
review: Although I haven't played the previous Elder Scrolls games, I fell in love with Skyrim. This is truly (in my opinion) on of my favorite games of all time. Spectacular voice acting accompanies an engrossing story that leaves you wanting more, not wanting to stop playing. There was a time that I felt bored with the gameplay or stories. With so many different play-through styles and characters to create, you will get your money's worth for SURE. But, I'm sure that you all ready know that already. So what are you doing still reading this?? Go get this game!!!
game-hours: 163.2
review: Braith is still not afraid of me. 11/10
game-hours: 63.5
review: my boobs jiggle
game-hours: 30.5
review: I highly recommend this game, it's just too much fun. And for me whenever I got bored with a certain class, like mage, I just started a new game and went down another skill tree and it was actually really different experience. so there is alot of replay value in this game, not to mention mods that add so much to this game. It really lives up to the hype that it still has.
game-hours: 16.4
review: YAY
game-hours: 644.6
review: ONE OF THE BEST GAMES THERE IS TO BUY ON STEAM! i bought this game on the xbox and loved it and beat it then some time later i bought this game on pc 1000000 TIMES BETTER i bought this on the xbox for 60 dollors the day it came out and i bought this game for i think 50 dollors or 60 something like that both times i bought it it was worth the money. 1.best rp i ever played 2.hundreds of things to do plus hundreds of thousands of mods that makes the game 1000000 times better 3.you can play this game differently every time you play it 4. 100% freeroam you can go inside every building in the entire game and enter in every room 5. kill moves will sometimes happen when you finish off an enemy 6.become a vampire, werewolf, and if you have the undeath mod you can become a lich 7.there are so many more things i could list kill moves when you finish off dragons, great story, and great game. i have many hours on this game and i dont regreat playing that much because its so fun and i dont think i will ever get bored if this game because of all the things you can do in it.
game-hours: 137.1
review: It's a good based R.P.G, it was really fun when I first bought the game (Thought it was on the XBox 360 at the time), then once I started scaning through the Steam Store and thought "Mabye I should get Skyrim again." (Because I sold it after a bit) It is such a well know game that it is kind of hard to miss it. So all in all a great game when it comes to R.P.G Games, also it's F.P. (First Person), makes it feel like a whole new game.
game-hours: 187.0
review: Best game I've ever played
game-hours: 98.8
review: Fus Ro Derp!!!
game-hours: 60.2
review: When i first got this game back when it first came out, i got it for 89.99 and every cent was worth it. this game looks amazing, it's open world or you could play only the story quests and make it more straight foward, and if you get bored go kill everybody in windhelm (or steal a horse and go run around pretending you're playing GTA Winter edition. do pretty much whatever you want, no strings attached... adise from the prologue but you should be used to that in EVERY other game these days. if you want guns, i'm sure theres a mod (haven't used any yet) if you want more areas, MODS. and that's another thing mods, there are heaps that give you new weapons,armor,quests,abilities, you can even have randy savage as a dragon... MACHO MAN RANDY SAVAGE AS A F**KING DRAGON. Buy now!
game-hours: 311.1
review: 10/10 Would Lose My Social Life Again!
game-hours: 217.1
review: this game has to be the best role playing game due to how its modding comunity i was surpirsed how amazing the graphics are even to 2015 thanks to the mods of course and the mods just made it so much better i just going to say thing get the game and you will love it, if u like games with mods get this game
game-hours: 28.5
review: If you don't ever play this game , you don't know what you lost :)
game-hours: 15.3
review: By now, most people have somewhere down the line heard of Skyrim, or been a fan of it from the beginning of the Elder Scrolls series. I came in about half-way through it with Oblivion and just barely Morrowland but quickly caught onto the story and the hype which then ensued, I also go roped into been quite a fan of the series. I however feel that the hype was a little bit too high for Skyrim being the fifth installment. Now, I also feel that it fell down in a lot of places and due to the colossal glorified image of what this series has turned out to have, these, for the most part, go un-noticed/not spoken about. A couple of the issues begin in the first five minutes of the game having you tied down from any kind of movement aside from looking around at a quite frankly, boring environment. Why you would be given the ability to do such is a little confusing to me but non the less, you continue on trying to look back and forth between these unknown characters info-dumping names and events that you have no idea of. Now, if you have played the game before and are just restarting, there is no option to allow you to skip these drawn out cutscenes. If you kick off the first 10-15 minutes of your game with a poorly done prisoner thing, being ridiculously scripted, it's going to end badly for the person playing it. This then leads me to your character not even being on the list to be executed, and I'm pretty sure people even in those days didn't act like that, but any who. Character customization comes up quite frankly at a random time during your ''execution'', obvious spoiler to the fact you aren't going to be killed, another poor choice in my personal opinion. Now, unlike most games which at least allow you to change what your character looks like after the initial make, Skyrim does not give you this luxury. Among those issues, we have the excruciatingly long load times far too often, generally after you have spent an agonizingly long time traveling through dull and bland environments. For a game that is going to make you spend most of your time travelling by foot, horse, or horse and cart as a means to ''fast-traveling'', it really lacks in making your surroundings immersive. What you then have to deal with is a compass style pointer which ends up being quite inaccurate and quite frustrating when you find yourself in a dead end path, or in-front of an un-climbable mountain that makes you backtrack for another 5 or so minutes before getting on a path in what seems to be the right direction. Moving onto combat, honestly, it's terrible. Arrows feel way too weak, magic felt weak and sword combat is rough, unpolished and dull, due to the fact it's so unrewarding, you get the occasional execution blurred slow-motion scene and even that feels really drowned. Among that, battling dragons is an utter nightmare, you so much as breathe in the wrong direction of an NPC and you will suddenly find yourself looking like a porcupine from all the cranky trigger happy people shooting you in the face with arrows, or have a club dropped on your head by a giant. Then wolves, don't even get me started. Wolves attack at random, and *All* the time, now unless they are starving, they shouldn't generally attack in the real world, making these just another nuisance along your drawn out travels. Item weight. Now.. I don't know how this was thought to be a good idea, I mean, at first I tried to see it as being a realistic element to the game, but.. really it turned out to be complete . Being stuck far from anywhere you can offload valuable items that you freshly acquired from looting or killing something, suddenly you are walking like you have a couple of fully loaded semi trailers on your back. My argument lies with the fact the game has you running around shouting Fus Ro Dah, throwing fire from your hands, getting your bow out and pewpewing arrows at a thick skinned flying dragon until it's dead, it strayed far away from the realism long ago, making this mechanic just frustrating. Considering you can wield power.. A magic horse whistle would be nice or a horse marker to show where you left your four legged friend and transport. Cause if you loose your horse, chances are it's going to be hell to find it again. Speaking of loosing, it brings me to your inventory. The way it's sorted, I feel is far more optimized for a console rather than PC, finding things can be a right pain going back and forth through the preset groups are and trying to figure out what will be where in the mist of combat. Unless you download the mod SkyUI which makes it much easier to deal with such things. Thank you steam workshop! Finally, silly glitches that still have not being ironed out let alone addressed. Mind you, despite all of which I have complained about, I can still find enjoyment in the game. I enjoy that it has different paths in the main missions, different factions you can join, other side missions that give you rewarding bonuses. When a game gives you different ways to go about things, it gives it so much more depth and it's something that I would love to see more of. It has a diverse array of plants and herbs which you can harvest throughout the lands you traverse giving it a bit more feel and depth to the environment around you it then gives you the ability to craft them into potions and other alchemy things. It has a really nice selection of foods to restore health, and honestly are quite aesthetically pleasing in of itself. Armors are utterly gorgeous and give decent bonuses to different kinds of players, despite the fact that they always cover up the character that if you're anything like me, spent a couple of hours on alone. Storyline is quite in depth, has a good feel and gives you plenty of hours to invest into completion of the game, it's not just a couple of hours and you're done, no, this takes a lot of time and effort and it keeps you entertained and busy enough to want to continue on through main missions. Some of which can be a bit tedious, but others have amazing resonance to them. One of my personal favorites has to be joining the Dark Brotherhood. The game adds to all of this by throwing in a diverse array of enemies which differ from each area you travel through, such as finding camps of hunters, thieves, outlaws, giants, other known and unknown creatures. All in all, I do recommend Skyrim even with it's few failings it makes a good game in whole.
game-hours: 32.7
review: Too much water 11/10
game-hours: 68.9
review: I Banged a dragon. 10/10 Epic Game
game-hours: 59.9
review: Skyrim is almost everything you'd want in an open free-roaming world. There really isn't a correct way of playing the game and it's up to the player in how he want to approach the game. Do you want to be like a Demigod were every enemy encounter is a breeze? Or do you want them all to be challenging? There are a lot of ways of playing this game, and I'd wager for the most fun the player shouldn't be afraid to vary his gameplay style. Imposing your own artificial limitations can go a long way of making the game more enjoyable, such as don't use Fast Travel, don't use the Compass to navigate, don't focus solely on maxing out Enchanting or Smithing first, et cetera. That said, the game is a masterpiece were the sum of its part far outweigh the parts itself, which shows. The voice acting is the best in the series so far, but it doesn't really say much. Voices are still repeated on a regular basis, which some might feel breaks the immersion. The main quest feels empty and boring, as does most of the quests of the guilds. Overall, the feeling of being "special" and treated as such is too obvious. Regardless of what line of quests you want to do, you'll pretty much end up being labeled as SPECIAL early on, and an early non-worthy prize awaits you after a few simple quests. Gone is the struggle of advancing through the ranks of a Guild in order to succeed. Discussing were the elements of the game fails can take all day as Skyrim contains a lot of very different elements, which all feels lacking in one way or another. Yet this doesn't stop the game from feeling like a masterpiece. It's fun, it's immersive, it allows players to customize their gaming experience and offers an extremely high level of freedom. The attention to detail in the world is amazing, and it's a wonderful experience just exploring the world in your own pace. Is Skyrim a GOTY of 2011? Yes, I truly think so. Though is it a 10/10? No, while it's great, it isn't perfect. There's A LOT of faults in the game, though while frustrating or disruptive at times, these doesn't stop you from enjoying the rest of the game.
game-hours: 1088.1
review: Having no social life has never been more fun!
game-hours: 283.6
review: Best game of all time if you ask me, and many other people would agree. Sandbox RPG. Even though it was releaseed 2011, now, 2015 it is still THE game you should play. Everyone should play this game. Look into "GEMS" and "ENB" for greatly increased player experience, and use NMM. Google it. It is worth it.
game-hours: 314.0
review: This. Game. Is. AWESOME. nI seriously recommend this game to those who love freedom and adventure. I only have an Imperial Sword, but so far a merchant life isn't that bad.
game-hours: 272.4
review: Its an elder scrolls game , duh its awesome.
game-hours: 57.8
review: I don't know what words to use to describe this game.
game-hours: 203.0
review: With all of the possibilities this game gives you, you will be sucked into the mythology and the land known as Skyrim!
game-hours: 63.5
review: I'm going to attempt to say everything you can do in Skyrim. If you have not played Skyrim yet, sit back and read. Okay, in the Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim... You can: -Kill Dragons -Get paid by nobles to kill bandits. -Scream Words of Power. -Travel to the top of the highest mountain. -Defeat the king of dragons. -Summon a dragon to fight for you. -Go fishing. -Eat cabbages. -Go farming. -Get a house (of many choices). -Decorate the house. -Get married. -Have a wedding. -Adopt children. -Listen to annoying guards. -Decimate small rabbits. -Use swords. -Greatswords. -Use Battleaxes. -Regular axes. -Frickin' magic. -A -load of other weapons. -Become a Thane. -Get arrested for stealing a plate. -Get marauded for killing a chicken in town. -Become a vampire. -Become a werewolf. -Ride a horse. -Become an assassin. -Kill the Emperor. -Become a thief. -Live in the sewers. -Get drunk. -Kill witches. -Alchemy. -Join the war. *LOUD GASP FOR AIR* Now keep in mind, this is about 3/4 of what's in the normal game. There are also DLCs, Mods, tuns of stuff! 10/10. Buy this game NOW!
game-hours: 278.1
review: This game needs no explanation. It's a TES game. It's good.
game-hours: 144.6
review: do you get to the cloud district very often?
game-hours: 74.5
review: One of the legendary games i have played in my life
game-hours: 811.9
review: Vanilla Skyrim: 60 hours of entertainment. Skyrim + mods: 800+ hours of utter obsession and counting. Seriously, mod this game! The range of mods available on the Steam Workshop alone is spectacular and if you want more, there's always the Skyrim Nexus.
game-hours: 124.9
review: Pros -Good story -Fun quests -Cool graphics -Good weapons -Thirdperson -Cloths -Armor -Customizable charaters -Mods cons -no multiplayer -bugs
game-hours: 22.1
review: fail to lockpick small box, whole city of riften guards come. 10/10
game-hours: 2.2
review: Good game so far!
game-hours: 72.6
review: Amazing game Runing into town murdering everyone then playing hide and seek with the gaurds Never gets old
game-hours: 131.6
review: Best elder scrolls out in my opinion. i played oblivion which was awesome at the time, but then i played skyrim. i was amazed. full of non-stop action, and also has a couple of puzzles and interesting things to find out. defo worth tha money. and if you like these games and graphics are not a problem 2 u (you are not botherd if they are not as good) you should try oblivion( iv ) and morrowind ( iii ).
game-hours: 77.5
review: This game has it all: Dragons, swords, bows, naked chick mods, and awesome armor. I can't help but feel that the game has a severe lack of dinosaurs though.
game-hours: 375.5
review: Maybe the best game i've ever played. Wow. 100000000000000000000000000000000000000000000/5
game-hours: 228.3
review: Its really good game for those who like RPG games with open world , many dungeons, towns,villages. You can find new quest if you read some book or new skill in some books. Random NPC in the world like : bandits,wizards,priests. SOOOO MANY QUESTS AND SIDE QUESTS! So many weapons. 4 DLC. Armors... etc... you know classic RPG game but ONE OF THE BEST!
game-hours: 8.3
review: A really nice game that people will be playing for a long time.
game-hours: 3.4
review: Ages ago, somebody I knew got Skyrim, and I thought it was brilliant. My friends talked about it at school, and when I got Steam, this was one of the first games I got. I still think it's as brilliant as it was when I first saw it!
game-hours: 65.8
review: 10 quid. Buy it now. Drop everything and run. Buy it.
game-hours: 417.1
review: I don't think a review is really needed here, it's Skyrim for s sake.
game-hours: 74.6
review: Best game ever, story is kinda short, but there are so much other quest that are just mint. Mods for this game are just great, with rigth mods game looks completly difrent.
game-hours: 21.0
review: old  game and still playing it. just saying.
game-hours: 219.7
review: One of the best games on Steam. If you have a Steam account, you must buy this game. Everyone should experience this wonderful adventure.
game-hours: 147.8
review: Morrowind improved. Pretty good for Bethesda.
game-hours: 186.4
review: Oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo, blommor! Helt kiva, man kan gra allt mjlit.
game-hours: 87.1
review: Make no mistake, Skyrim as a game is very flawed. It lacks depth, the combat is clunky, the dialoque system is nothing to write home about and overall is not an amazing title. Yet that did not stop me from putting in over one thousand hours on Xbox and another 81 on Steam. Ths game despite it's apperant flaws will drag you in and take you for one hell of an amazing ride. And for the love of Talos I cannot tell why. It's an amazing game. If you are one of the ten people on Steam who have not played this masterpiece, then you are doing yourself a great diservice by not enjoying this great game. So get out there, have amazing adventures, and for the love of Talos do not kill the chickens.
game-hours: 13.8
review: This is a very beautiful amazing game that all rpg fans should enjoy and cherish. You are the dragonborn, the legendary hero of tamriel. The dragon slayer. you are free to explore the beautiful open world of skyrim, fight trolls, bandits, or become a vampire, werewolf,thief, mage, warrior, or hunter. The choice is up to you.But oblivion is better. There are many mods you can get from the workshop,or use console commands to get stuff.:) But id recommend getting this game when steam has there wonderful summer and winter sales. I paid 10 dollars when it went on sale for 4. Overall, amazing game. we need more like it. 10 out of 10
game-hours: 413.5
review: Best game of all time! OMG!!!! You have to see it to believe it. Insanity!
game-hours: 412.8
review: This is definitely on my top 5 games of all time. The game alone, without mods, provides hours of fun as it is. I played it on console first and then moved to PC, and that was one of the best decisions I have ever made. The modding community for Skyrim as a whole is absolutely amazing. The range of mods out there is just astounding and well worth your time. I use both the community workshop for mods and the Skyrim Nexus. If you get tired of the game alone, the mods will add hours more to your gameplay. Skyrim is so big and versatile a game that it is nearly impossible to be bored with! Granted it may take some getting used to when you first play it, but hash it out and then you'll get to some really fun stuff. I highly reccomend this game.
game-hours: 58.9
review: This is possibly one of my most favorite games all time. Compared to its predecessar Oblivion, the game has improved combat and graphics. I have put over 300 hours into the game on my console and recently bought on the PC. I can tell you Bethesda has once again brought us another spectacular game worth playing. But these are just the good things about the game, but there are also some bad things. There is some pop-in from time to time as well as the water texture in the creek in Whiterun sometimes bugs. But other than that the game is flawless. I recommend this one to all whom read this
game-hours: 502.9
review: no matter how bored i get of it, i will get back on it. I get bored of it because i have played over 1000 hours of this freaking game. I would say that this is definately my favorite game of all time, and i recommend this game to all. You dont really even have to know the backstory, and it still will be fun! I think that everyone should play this game!
game-hours: 120.1
review: I feel conflicted about this game. It is fun for a good 50-70 hours, but after that time you start to realise how much of the game is copypasted or just bland dull. Once you get over that big hump of gameplay and start to see the game is wide as an ocean, but deep as a puddle with nothing you do effecting really...anything. If you want to play a Elder Scrolls game, play Morrowind. If graphics are an issue for you, play with MGE. So it's a fun game for ~50 hours, but after that, it isn't. So... I'll reccommend the game, but advise that you play Morrowind after.
game-hours: 74.9
review: Its fun, you could waste your whole life time on this, and probably still have fun/things to do.
game-hours: 133.2
review: just....never...ends...
game-hours: 113.1
review: I would go as far as to say that this is the greatest game I have ever played. By the way... FUS RO DAH
game-hours: 97.4
review: Bland combat and factions, a beautiful world to explore, large amounts of customization, and a huge modding community.
game-hours: 747.5
review: I was incredibly late to this game, i enjoyed the fallout games a lot however Skyrim struck me as a little boring due to its reliance on melee. The fantasy aspect also reminded me a lot of WOW, which i have never been a fan of. I was wrong on both counts. Bethesda have created a masterpiece with Skyrim. It looks fantastic and plays even better. The voice acting is excellent. Involving the player at every junction. The important story driven mission are delivered with seriousness and polish, and the next you could be in town and one of the guards will be really cheeky. The depth of this game is also incredibly comprehensive. It will take you hours to even get started. The map is huge, and the expansion packs add even more. On top of the size of the map the towns and cities have lots of NPCs that you can interact with, some give you information and others give you missions. The leveling system is also a little different but actually makes sense. Instead of getting XP just for finding a location (a la fallout) you now only level up but using or doing the act you want to increase. so if you wanna be a deadly archer you have to use the bow. If you want to get better at talking to merchants and getting a better price for the stuff you buy and sell you have to buy and sell and improve the skill over time. this system is also handy because it means bethesda haven't included a level cap. I could go on and on about this title but i would end up spoiling it, if your looking for a top notch title with so much going on you will never be bored then buy this. An instant classic. 10/10
game-hours: 61.9
review: its gud
game-hours: 226.3
review: Do I even need to explain why to play!?
game-hours: 328.1
review: Endless hours of fun.
game-hours: 58.7
review: Where should i start ? Before i start the review i played this game over 5 times on the xbox360 but why did i buy it also on the PC well because of the mods DLC's and more that made me play this game another 3 times then i found out that skyrim is really easy to mod so yeah... i played even more until i also found a mod that you can level up till level 350 i had 700 hours but a bug happend and it rested all my hours so yeah.... want to play a game that literally endless replay ability well  this the game for you  man i got sucked into it more then a leech to a fat guy with diabetes 10/10 Game Of The Years 2011 - 2014
game-hours: 116.7
review: Games has a  ton of bugs and always crashes to Desktop. 10/10
game-hours: 101.1
review: This is the best game i have ever played 10/10 Wonderful Graphics Its a very long game and thats very good in my oppinion I think the hole Elder Scrolls series is very good but this game is the best of them There`s so many opportunities in this game i love it
game-hours: 117.4
review: Slaugthering dragons by shouting is totally badass! A must have game. 20/10
game-hours: 36.1
review: Amazing, so many hours of great fun. Great storylines, multitudes of quests, one of those games you will never 'complete'.
game-hours: 39.3
review: +1
game-hours: 1664.1
review: One of the most addicting games I have ever played. The total time spent playing this game is greater than the combined play time of every other game in my collection, by a wide margin. Being an Elder Scrolls fan since the days of Morrowind, I can easily admit that Skyrim often feels smaller in scale than the island of Vvardenfell. However, what Skyrim seems to lack in scale, it more than makes up for in fine details. Though I have been playing it almost since Day 1, I still have not explored all that it has to offer. Now, one of the most important requirements for truly enjoying this game is patience. There will be bugs, crashes, etc., but if you have the patience to adapt your playstyle to compensate for these issues (and install the unofficial patches), you will have a relatively problem-free gaming experience that cannot be substituted by any other game. I highly recommend giving this game a try.
game-hours: 147.4
review: i loved the game... until the moment it stoped working
game-hours: 80.0
review: brilliant game. buy it.
game-hours: 271.2
review: Now having over 200 hrs put in to TESV (And also some 200+ on console) i can almost say this is the best RPG even in 2015 , the game had alot of content that Bethesda added but the modding society going strong for almost 3Yrs you can keep playing the game and have a new adventure everyday. Bethesda added alot of content themselfs (somethings they forgot) but the modding society makes the game more fun everyday , the gameplay is good for the beginning RPG player or the Hardcore RPG player , you have so much variety of playstyles the choice is all yours. If i rate this game 10\10 Sweetrolls ill give it a : 11/10 Sweetrolls
game-hours: 18.9
review: Ahh good ol skyrim one of my fondest memories is killing my first dragon with a whole lot of magic and my only steel arrow. This game could probably be confirmed as THEE open world and definetly won't realize how many hours you can put into one game trying to get that daedric heart. Oblivion was childs play compared to this game. Even if you dont even play games like this the game is a masterpiece. 8.95/10
game-hours: 226.1
review: Skyrim.. oh, Skyrim. It's in a league of its own. I have spent countless hours just.. doing whatever. This is your go-to game for pretty much anything, be it exploring dungeons, killing dragons, derping around in the woods or just questing. There's a lot of mods to keep the game interesting. From an aesthetic view the graphics are decent, the textures are poorly made but there are some amazing texure packs provided by the community, I suggest changing to those. Buuuut, like I said, a game in a league of it's own. Good job, Bethesda. You are the kings and queens of open world, free roaming games.
game-hours: 185.4
review: Although it has a few bugs this game is amaizing! Highly recommended!
game-hours: 81.3
review: Awesome!
game-hours: 401.5
review: This an awesome game that never ends!! There are a lot of options so there is always something you can do. ONE OF THE BEST GAMES I HAVE PLAYED. 10/10 stars
game-hours: 198.0
review: Steal a bowl and become skyrim most wanted. Great.
game-hours: 45.7
review: Simply wonderful.
game-hours: 98.0
review: Hours of addictive fun. Perhaps even too many quests!
game-hours: 1.5
review: Its A Very Awesome Game Good Job bethesda for this good game 5/5
game-hours: 20.8
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a great game, which you can play the way you want to. Role-play, Modding, or just walking around the world, this game has practically no end to it, as there are endless possibilities. One of my favourite games I have played! 10/10 would play again :D
game-hours: 271.6
review: I recommend the game but I dont recommend steam, as I tried to get the lock pick pro mod and then I had to subscribe to the creator then had to make a thing to have as to get the mod, and I still cant seem to get it,,WTF, I dont need the trauma of trying to do what steam wants me to do for something that should be simple !
game-hours: 586.0
review: if you like monsters dragons animals and adventures then you would like skyrim
game-hours: 413.4
review: I could never really apreciate this game until just now. The story, play style, characters. Are amazing, but I think it's the little things that truely make the game. Great way to end off The Elder Scrolls series. Suggest it to any gamer. 9.5/10
game-hours: 69.2
review: To be honest... this is probably one of the best games i have ever played. Its just extraordinary and with the dlcs and the modding community this game can just get better. 9/10
game-hours: 208.9
review: This game has a rich story and buetiful lore, with a great moding community. You can play for hours getting lost in the missions and get side tracked along the way. My suggestion to new players is this, you should explore the workshop to find some intersting graphic enhancers and gameplay modifiers to improve on the organily great game.Then procede down the main quest line and never say "I shouldn't do that random thing up ahead." because you'll regret not finding that map location to fast-travel to, and its fun to pick up some extra loot. All in all its a magnificently addictive game and a great adition to the Elder Scrolls series.
game-hours: 238.1
review: My #1 game of all time and even better with mods! Would recommend to ANYONE and EVERYONE.. Fantasy, Open World, RPG, Adventure and SOO many different ways and storylines to complete the game 10/10 It's worth it without being on sale.
game-hours: 339.7
review: Very enjoyable game, though the only thing really keeping me playing it are the mods. Played for days on console, will continue to play for months on PC.
game-hours: 50.7
review: If you don't like having free time buy this game...
game-hours: 46.8
review: Incredible game, 10/10 on console, On PC, 30/10. This game is incredible on PC with modifications and extremely fast loading screens. Before I had a PC I played this on console holy  did I miss out.
game-hours: 30.4
review: Like Far Cry 3 with swords, 11/10.
game-hours: 62.4
review: Yes.
game-hours: 49.5
review: I have only just started playing Skyrim on PC but i have easily put in over 1000+hrs of vanilla skyrim on xbox and then i have also played the Dawnguard,Hearthfire and Dragonborn DLC's. This is easliy my all time favorite videogame ever. The fights are always fun but the thing i love most about this game is adventuring. During everysingle playthrough i have gone through I have always found something new in this game. It might be a new item or a new dungeon or a simple little easteregg. Now that i play on PC i can add mods to add a survival factor which means those one useless pieces of food and alchohol have become an essential aspect to the game. But above all else my MOST FAAAAAAAAVORITE thing about this game is smashing those snotty Thalmors faces in. 11/10 would bash some skulls any day.
game-hours: 136.6
review: GOODBYE REAL LIFE!
game-hours: 4.8
review: Hands Down Best Damn Game Ever Made besides Final Fantasy 7!!!
game-hours: 198.8
review: One of the best games ever made 10/10
game-hours: 1029.7
review: There are few games that I would really ever play over and over again...and Skyrim is one of those games. It is such a beautiful atmosphere, great quests, and interesting characters. And add the DLCs on top of that and you will have many hours of exploration and adventure.
game-hours: 126.5
review: Dragons trying to speak to you with a torrent of fire and ice, Adventurers getting shot in the knee with arrows, Criminals chased down for killing a chicken, Merchants willing to buy 100 of the same  over and over again, Guards who lose sight of you the moment you do a squat, Citizens and nobles who never noticed you stole the clothes they were wearing, And a guy in Whiterun obsessed with the Cloud District. 10/10.
game-hours: 4652.9
review: This is the game the never, ever ends. I picked this game up thinking I wouldn't like it having never played a previous TES game before. Sat in my Library untouched for about a month or two, and finally took the plunge. I was wrong. I was so very, very wrong. This is probably the best purchase I've ever made on steam. Add in the unlimited potential of modding, and it's an adventure that continues forever. I've probably restarted over a hundred times by now with a new character, and still only have beaten Alduin once. ONCE. There's still so much more do to and explore that I'm still discovering quests and areas and little hidden things. I still can't believe how much there is to do and I'm still finding more. At it stands I'll probably wake up one day having lost all touch with reality and actually start seeing the world as Skyrim with how much I've played. And I'm totally ok with that.
game-hours: 3210.9
review: Ruined my life. Five stars.
game-hours: 1164.7
review: If I had to choose between this game, and my girlfriend. I'd pick this game. EDIT: I'm single now ON A MORE SERIOUS NOTE: This game is the best in its genre. In previous Bethesda games they made a sad balance in between Questing, and Exploration. Some having more quests and less places to go, and others having very few quests and more places to explore. But in Skyrim, there is no shortage of quests, and if you are like myself and just wander around aimlessly, you will stumble into places that just blow your mind. Every time I have replayed this game, I stumbled into something new. For more info i'd very much recommend mods, with mods such as texture packs, difficulty, quests, armor, and weapons, this games replay value is endless. Go through the game once with plain skyrim, then mod the hell out of it. Overall I'd rate this game an EASY 10/10. If you haven't already. Please buy it, give it a little, and I swear you will be hooked.
game-hours: 150.9
review: >murdered Nazeem in the middle of town >carried him up to the Cloud District >threw his corpse down into some nearby water >retrieved his corpse >carried him back to the middle of town >guards see me, don't care >left Nazeem's corpse bent over a well >guard hard staring me whole time >decide to leave market place >accidentally hit "E" while looking at tomato >get sent to jail for stealing tomato 10/10
game-hours: 247.4
review: An epic game made all the more epic by the fact that it is so easy to mod and so well supported by the modding community. The Elder Scrolls series has a large following and often you will hear people argue over each new TES game comparing it to the last, but for me each TES game stands on its own merits, and Skyrim is no exception. The story is pretty good and there are plenty of side quests, but what makes Skyrim so great even when not modded is its large and open nature. This is a land you can just pick a direction and with no quest in mind and just explore. You will find danger and excitement on your journey ... and loot. Lots and lots of loot. But once you start modding this game, that is when you unlock the true value that is Skyrim. Potentially thousands more hours content (for free) in a game that can be improved ten thousand different ways from graphics, textures and sounds all the way to game mechanics and user interface changes. You can make the game exactly what you need it to be, and play it for so long you may still be playing when the next game in this series comes out.... and sometimes longer than even that. If you are interested in modding the PC version of the game, be sure to check out my guide for beginners:
game-hours: 148.5
review: A game where trying to interact with giants holding clubs turns into the funding of NASA's space program.
game-hours: 12816.1
review: Play it, mod it, play it again, mod it some more... It's a dangerous cycle: your pets will die of neglect and your friends will leave you. You won't care, you'll just install more mods.
game-hours: 92.5
review: I was stacking books on a shelf in my house in Whiterun, one of Skyrim's major cities, when I noticed a weapon rack right beside it. I set a sacrificial dagger in one slot, an Orcish mace in the other. They were on display for nobody but me and my computer-controlled housecarl, Lydia, who sat at a table patiently waiting for me to ask her to go questing. The chest upstairs was reserved for excess weapons and armor, the bedside table for smithing ingots and ores, the one next to the Alchemy table for ingredients. I'd meticulously organized my owned virtual property not because I had to, but because tending to the minutia of domestic life is a comforting break from dealing with screaming frost trolls, dragons, a civil war, and job assignments that never seem to go as planned. It's even a sensible thing to do; a seemingly natural component of every day existence in Skyrim, one of the most fully-realized, easily enjoyable, and utterly engrossing role-playing games ever made. Part of what makes it so enjoyable has to do with how legacy Elder Scrolls clutter has been condensed and in some cases eliminated. In Skyrim, there's no more moon-hopping between hilltops with a maxed out Acrobatics skill. That's gone, so is Athletics. The Elder Scrolls V pares down the amount of skills and cuts out attributes like Endurance and Intelligence altogether. There's no time wasted on the character creation screen agonizing over which skills to assign as major. You don't assign major and minor skills at all, but instead pick one of ten races, each with a specific bonus. High Elves can once a day regenerate magicka quickly, Orcs can enter a berserk rage for more effective close-range combat. These abilities are best paired with certain character builds  the High Elf regeneration is useful for a magic user  but don't represent a rigid class choice. Major decisions don't need to be made until you're already out in the world and can try out magic, sneaking and weapon combat, emphasizing first-hand experience over instruction manual study, letting you specialize only when you're ready. It contributes to the thrilling sense of freedom associated with life in Skyrim. Do a quest, kill a dragon, snatch torchbugs from the air, munch on butterfly wings or simply wander while listening to one of the best game soundtracks in recent memory. Despite the enormity of the world and the colossal amount of content contained within, little feels random and useless. Even chewing on a butterfly wing has purpose, as it reveals one of several alchemical parameters later useful in potion making at an alchemy table. Mined ore and scraps of metal from Dwemer ruins can be smelted into ingots and fashioned into armor sets, pelts lifted from slain wildlife can be turned into leather armor sets, and random books plucked from ancient ruins can trigger hidden quest lines that lead to valuable rewards. Skyrim's land mass is absolutely stuffed with content and curiosities, making every step you take, even if it's through what seems like total wilderness, an exciting one, as something unexpected often lies just over the next ridge. Many times the unexpected takes the form of a dragon. Sometimes they're purposefully placed to guard relics, sometimes they swoop over cities and attack at seemingly random times. In the middle of a fight against a camp of bandits a dragon might strike, screaming through the sky and searing foe and friendly alike with frost or flame. Momentarily all on the battlefield unite, directing arrows and magic blasts upward to knock down the creature, creating impromptu moments of camaraderie -- a surprising change from what may have been yet another by-the-numbers bandit camp sweep. Dragons show up often, their presence announced by an ominous flap of broad wings or an otherworldly scream from high above. The scale and startling detail built into each creature's appearance and animations as it circles, stops to attack, circles again and slams to the ground makes encounters thrilling, though their predictable attack patterns lessen the excitement after a few battles. In the long run they're far less irritating than the Oblivion gate equivalent from The Elder Scrolls IV, can be completed in a few minutes, and always offer a useful reward. Killing a dragon yields a soul, which powers Skyrim's new Shout system. These are magical abilities any character can use, you don't have to specialize in spell casting to slow time, throw your voice, change the weather, call in allies, blast out ice and fire, or knock back enemies with a rolling wave of pure force. Even if you favor sword, shield and heavy armor and ignore magic entirely, you'll still be able to take full advantage of these abilities provided you find the proper words  each Shout has three  hidden on Skyrim's high snowy peaks and in the depths of forgotten dungeons, serving as another reason to continue exploring long after you've exhausted the main quest story, joined with the Thieves Guild, fought alongside the Dark Brotherhood, or thrown your support behind one of the factions vying for control of Skyrim. Not only is this land under assault by dragons, long thought to be dead, it's also ripped in two by civil war. You can choose one side or the other, but so much of the allure of Skyrim is how, even outside of the confines of quest lines, the embattled state of the world is evident, and steeped in a rich fictional legacy. Lord of the Rings this is not, but with the release of every Elder Scrolls game, the fiction becomes denser, and the cross-referencing for long-time fans all the more rewarding. Skyrim's residents are all aware of current events. They'll comment on the civil war, some sympathizing with the rebels, others thinking the establishment sold its soul. The peasants complain about the Jarls who control each settlement, the Jarls complain about the rebels or foreign policy, the overprotective College librarian complains when I drop dragon scales all over his floor; many characters feel like whole, distinct personalities instead of vacuous nothings that hand out quests like a downtown greeter hands out flyers for discount jeans. Characters stereotype based on race, they double-cross at even the slightest hint it might be profitable, and they react to your evolving stature within the world. It makes a ridiculous realm, filled with computer-controlled cat people and humanoid reptiles, demon gods and dragons, feel authentic, like a world that existed long before you showed up and will continue to exist long after you leave.
game-hours: 68.4
review: Killed an old woman. Stole a plate. Got arrested. (Because of the plate). Fought a dragon. Stole a crown. Got drunk. Became a werewolf. Killed bees with fire. Followed a talking dog. Visited the old dwarven cities. Killed robots. Became an assassin. Killed the emperor. Got beaten to death by a whole town for stealing a cabbage. Became a respected general. Fought bandits. Poisoned mead. Stole cabbage again. 10/10 would Skyrim again.
game-hours: 477.1
review: At first you are like this games fun, then you are like woah there are mods and then you don't stop the mods and then the next thing you know you are playing as a giant with a strap-on fighting thomas the tank engine
game-hours: 129.2
review: im just going to break this down into litte sections: Graphics: Outstanding! Story: Great. Gameplay: AWESOME! Dlc: i dont know, dont have any of the DLC
game-hours: 13.4
review: really great game love it better on pc then a system thanx to mods
game-hours: 692.5
review: My future husband recomended this game to me and I was a skeptic at first nothing could replace Everquest I thought. But after playing just a few hours I was hooked. Now 525 hours later I still and enthralled and mesmerized by the beauty and lore of this game. I have gotten a friend to buy and play and will recommend it to anyone who asks how I like the game. Great work and thank you for your time and effort in the development of such an amazing game.
game-hours: 12.9
review: Amazing graphics and gameplay. Hands down one of the greatest series ever with Skyrim leading the pack as the best to date.
game-hours: 111.2
review: Sure, it was okay, but I'd really like my money back, since I bought the game when it was 60 dollars, before it shifted down to 20... :P
game-hours: 5.2
review: They killed me because I killed a chicken 10/10
game-hours: 36.0
review: GOD DMAN RPG WITH AMAZING GRAPHIC AND MODS. ENJOY it so far :) Now im the king of skyrim :D no one can stand in my way with my 50 body guards.
game-hours: 216.1
review: Good
game-hours: 24.3
review: Some say this game sucks, some say this game rocks, some say this game is the gift of God to humankind, but all we know is it's name is Skit. You can often see it in the stores, you can admire it but you cannot afford to talk to it. And when you are finally accepted in 'the hood', you will have a nice surprise: horny, good looking fake women. Skyrim is one of the games you only think you've finished the story, but then an old f...ed up man comes near you with a new quest that will take ages to complete. So yes, if you want to lose your life in quests, buy this game. But on the other side, your life is already messed up so why not?
game-hours: 279.8
review: The Elder Scrolls universe reaches its pinnacle, again! Taking all your favorite lore from Morrowind and Oblivion, and continuing on into the future: Skyrim is an open world adventure with so much to do, you can easily find yourself spending DAYS played without actually progressing the main story arc. Replay, for me is a must in any game, and the Elder Scrolls series never fails to deliver!! 99.99999999999 out of 100. If you love action/adventure/RPGs and haven't tried Skyrim, you're doing yourself a horrible disservice!
game-hours: 126.1
review: It is The Greatest Adventure I Have Ever Undertake, From The Fog Covered Swamps of The Hjalmarch Too The Throat of The World A New Story or Encounter Rests Around The Next Bend. This is a Master Piece of Story, Art and Gameplay All Melded Into the Pinnacle of RPGs.
game-hours: 77.1
review: Will always be a brilliant classic. 10/10
game-hours: 92.1
review: Best Game of 2011. Period.
game-hours: 168.2
review: It's a masterpiece
game-hours: 297.8
review: I have always been a fan of the Elder Scrolls, and this game to me was just another amazing advancement in the ongoing struggle in Tamriel. There is too much to go on about, but if your into RPG's and you don't need the feel of MMO, then I highly recommend Skyrim, and all the installments from the series.
game-hours: 90.3
review: Most amazing game in the world
game-hours: 8.8
review: "It's like Far Cry 3 with no guns. 9/11 it's okay." - Machinima
game-hours: 26.1
review: great game buy it
game-hours: 83.9
review: Probably the best game of all time. You never get bored no matter how many playthroughs you do and if you get bored of the original you can try the dlcs and the amazing mods. They are really well. I can't really rate this game cause 10/10 is to low for it.
game-hours: 300.7
review: One of the best PC games of all time.
game-hours: 212.1
review: Skyrim is one of my favorite games. The graphics, quests, detailed stories, etc. are spectacular, even during the glitches. Also, I'm glad there's a workshop because a lot of people are creating awesome mods! It's great to see so much talent and effort Bethesda and other gamers put into a really fun game and I hope there's a lot more to come!
game-hours: 442.1
review: I know its 4 years late for me to write a review but I still meet people who have never played an elder scrolls game O_O! So for those looking at this...just buy it! This game is a masterpiece and we need more games like this. Not to mention with the addition of mods makes skyrim that much better. Somehow here on steam people have left negative reviews on skyrim. I don't even understand how Skyrim can have a single negative review aginast it other than trolls Buy the game 10000/10
game-hours: 45.3
review: I love this game, Good Story line, and guess what, the game goes on, you could finish the Story quickly and still have loads of fun. From Battling,Questing,Eating, Looting and much more.
game-hours: 76.5
review: let's just keep this simple since i have dragons to slay and quests to do. POSITIVES + The video game equivalence of what 'the godfather' is to films. A landmark achievement of the interactive medium. NEGATIVES - prepare to be turned into a real-life Draugr due to sleep deprivation 9 fos ro dah/ 4 giants on snowpeaks.
game-hours: 180.4
review: Amazing
game-hours: 71.1
review: There's only ever a few games that truly standout amongst the rest and this is one of them. Although it is just over 3 years old it's still got a huge dedicated fanbase, especially on PC with all the mods, texture upgrades etc. Mind the few bugs that you can come across, which never broke the game for me it is still a very solid game and still looks immense with all the mods in place. Well worth a buy and well worth playing again and again even if it is just so you can play around with mods and decapitate some poor bloke in the woods.
game-hours: 439.1
review: This game is best!!!
game-hours: 15.9
review: The best RPG i have ever played. 5 stars
game-hours: 66.1
review: I love it the Adventure of it makes me all ways want to play it 10/10 all ways lots of epic ness like being abushed buy a pack of wolf or bandits and ect
game-hours: 1279.3
review: By far and away the best gaming experience I could imagine. No amount of words could ever convey the satisfaction this game has brought to me.
game-hours: 6.7
review: No matter the amount of characters created over how many systems, this game does not ever stop being entertaining.
game-hours: 428.8
review: The Elder Scrolls universe is the most richest, filled and complete thing. It would take 4 hours to give a minimum explanation and days to give a full explanation. The music is very relaxing and makes you feel like a true nord. <-- Had to sneak it in, sorry. Every Elder Scrolls Installment has had music to grip you in, and leave you amazed. Every flaws this game has, can be forgiven by itself. THAT IS LITTERALY SOMETHING YOU WOULD NEVER SEE IN A GAME. If you were to inspect every little detail of this game, (probably would take a year) you would be guaranteed to miss some things, so much openworldiness. 10/10 replayability, you can replay this game over and over and over as a different race, each discovering things you will never forget on each character, making you super OP. That is why this open-world playground can achieve, and every single npc has a humongous backstory, if you are willing to look into it. A little tiny quest can have so much backstory, leaving you jawdropping on how much lore it has. This game made it to my Top 10 Games List, at #2, almost beating Just Cause 2. Buy now, or regret doing so because you would miss out on a giant journey, that would make you rethink your life choices. (Kind of.)
game-hours: 37.6
review: Oh, my, freaking, god, best game 10/10 mlg 420 blaze it game of the year bit too late to do the ratin though ;) Seriously though buy it.
game-hours: 37.5
review: Amazing game! I've played through this game multiple times on many different players and still haven't done it all. I've put in 300 hours on xbox and 30 on PC and im stiil not done playing.
game-hours: 139.9
review: Can't believe it has been 3 years since this game came out. Still addictive as f**k , huge modding community makes it a lot better and optimization is really good. Infinite possibilities.
game-hours: 254.4
review: Look at the metascore..nuff said. Get it and stop making excuses.
game-hours: 345.1
review: I have no life because of this game. Do not recommend.
game-hours: 290.5
review: Okay, first off, the bad. One, they got rid of Athletics and Acrobatics (why does everyone hate those skills!?) which means that your wizard runs the same speed as your thief, who runs at the same speed as your warrior (assuming they have the same encumbrance/armor weight). That's a bit silly. Two, you can basically do EVERYTHING. This isn't the elder scrolls where you have to specialize in one thing (epic sneaky thief, tough warrior, powerful wizard, strange ized custom class that you made back in Oblivion with Speechcraft and Hand to Hand). Every character I have, I want them to specialize, but it's too darn easy just to find yourself slipping and doing other things. It's SO difficult to be a wizard when a good mash in the face with a warhammer does it a lot faster. Now the good. Basically, everything. Not as big as Daggerfall or Arena, not as fantasty-ish as Oblivion, not as alien and gritty as Morrowind, but strangely, it's able to hold its own. A sizeable continent that will take you a long while to fully explore. Dragons (finally!) and their shouts are both in here. Zombies and Rats (the mainstay of RPGs) are gone, but replaced with Draugr and Skeevers, which are even more terrifying and not at all oh-I'll-just-hack-my-way-through. With Dawnguard they add nice buffs to vampires, a cool questline, crossbows (finally! But still no spears from Morrowind...) and this really sick looking armor. With Hearthfire, well... if you like to RP your character, get it. If you like combat and stuff, don't. I enjoyed it though. It lets you build a house yourself, adopt children, and occasionally defend your home from bandits and robbers and giants. I haven't gotten the Dragonborn expansion, but it takes place in Morrowind. MORROWIND. Bloody hell, that game is amazing, and now you can go back there in better graphics. It shall be mine soon.... And if the game gets boring (it does after a while (read: about 2 months), but don't worry. Take a week off, and when you come back you somehow love it all over again).... two words. Steam Workshop. Mods. Mods as far as the eye can see. More spells, new armor, hypothermia and sickness (finally! In a game about cold you'd just think SOMEONE would make it...), even new quest lines or completely new areas to explore. Moonpath to Elswyr is a gem that shows how awesome mods can be. Or you can just get one that allows you to go IMA FIRIN' MAH LAZER and blow shizz up. Your choice.
game-hours: 241.0
review: I've spent a whole lot of hours on this game, and it's never managed to get old (even with the same quests!). Highly recommended.
game-hours: 33.8
review: Nice single-player, open world, medieval-aged, fantasy RPG. Tons of stuff to do and characters classes variety to explore. Recommended to any action RPG fan.
game-hours: 119.7
review: a Masterpiece.
game-hours: 598.7
review: 100/10, would sacrifice social life again
game-hours: 77.9
review: One of the best pc games ever. 10/10
game-hours: 5.4
review: dived off a cliff and 1 hit a giant 10/10 would do again
game-hours: 43.2
review: This is the game that's so fun an addicting, that I bought it day of release on XBOX 360, played it for three years, then quit xbox for pc, missed skyrim, bought legendary addition, and now playing it nonstop. This game is an ALL TIME best RPG only being beaten by Oblivion and Morrowind (Which I also spent money on the DLCs on xbox and then bought on PC with all DLC)
game-hours: 167.3
review: Good game.
game-hours: 43.8
review: This game is awesome buy it you wont regret
game-hours: 247.1
review: Best freeroam and adventure game evar!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 112.9
review: AWSOME
game-hours: 1149.8
review: Amazing game and the moddability of it gives it exceptionally high replayability.
game-hours: 585.0
review: I have aIways been excited to play Skyrim.Ever since I player skyrim, I have been playing it every day, I changed my name to Dragonborn, I changed my picture to the dragonborn, and I played about 500 hours of Skyrim.I highly recommend it to everyone. You can't go wrong with buying Skyrim. It is worth every penny of its purchase.
game-hours: 276.1
review: Best RPG I've ever played, despite it's early bugs and glitches this game has surpassed expectations and is to be considered an instant classic. 95%
game-hours: 109.4
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim +Long +Loads of replay value +Beautiful +Large world +Loads of weapons +Workshop +Lots of armor +Unique characters +Many caves with its own story to tell +Immersive +Combat is fun and simple +Many spells +Easy play how you want to play +Random events +Companions +Guilds +Dialogue is great +Dragons +Lots of races to choose from +Make your own class -A 'few' optimization problems -Character creation is bad -Not very good checkpoints, you're going to use quicksave throughout the whole game -Limited to one character 9.7/10 I've beaten the game once as a heavily armored two-handed weapon guy and replayed it as a Mage and it lead me to places I've never been, characters I've never seen; it's as if I've never played the game before.
game-hours: 523.1
review: This is probably one of the most enjoyable games I've ever played. It's a new game with a distinctly oldschool style to it, and it works very well. Everything from the game mechanics, to the ingame console remind me of some of my favorite FPS games from the past two decades. Not a perfect game by any means; the issues you'll sometimes run into prevent it from being a smooth and polished experience. However, the sheer amount of content and replayability packed into it make this game a worthy purchace if you don't already have it (it's 2015, you most likely either love it or hate it).
game-hours: 127.3
review: Very entertaining and even better with mods
game-hours: 84.1
review: A brilliant open world RPG where you're never without stuff to do. You can't go very far without finding a new quest or new enemies to test yourself against. Admittedly there are a few bugs but they're mostly silly or funny ones. the modding community is amazing also! If you like RPGs and adventure/exploration then this game is defintiely worth your time! Plus, there are Dragons! Need I say more? XD
game-hours: 164.9
review: I highly reccomend this game. Skyrim has a great background and so many things to do. :3
game-hours: 123.9
review: Not a fan of the melee combat in this game, so when I started playing I didn't have a good experience. Then I shot my first arrow into the face of a bandit. 123 hours later, with the main story complete, I still enjoy shooting things in the face with an arrow.
game-hours: 191.4
review: Not the best game in the series but definatly good
game-hours: 934.9
review: Literally da best way of wasting time besides masturbating
game-hours: 6.9
review: Great game!!! Iv played this game on consol since it came out, getting it on pc is so much better, mainly because of the mods and the things you can do.
game-hours: 44.0
review: get it now oh and when you buy the game buy two more things some duct tape and a portable toilet beacause you wont be moving for weeks.
game-hours: 1.6
review: I did the biggest sin I KILLED A CHICKEN. Got put down 5 secs 10/10
game-hours: 964.3
review: It's pretty neat.
game-hours: 124.4
review: Good Game
game-hours: 3.3
review: sad theres no multiplayer, this game would have been so fun as even a COOP! <-- not complaining just stating a fact. First off, i LOVE skyrim, i played it constantly for xbox 360 . when i saw it on sale here i had to get it, and omg am i glad i did, frame rates = better, graphics = better, mod support = exists texture packs. shader packs. you name it, after playing this game side by side my xbox 360, it was aparent this one is 10,000 times better, the clarity on the PC on at 28'' UHD 4k monitor was unreal and the xbox360 on a 60'' 1080p HDMI locked at 30 FPS was terrible lmfao. -gameplay complaints- none apart from the moutain scaling and once and a while visual glitch accuring. 9/10 gameplay 10/10 modded gameplay standard 7/10 graphics modded 10/10 graphics sound 8/10 modded 10/10 i recommend anyone looking for a cheap , singleplayer game that isn't outdated and still offers plenty of content and even DLC if you really really love it.
game-hours: 176.2
review: I Highly recommend this game to anyone! What more can you ask for? open world,Beautiful Scenery,Amazing storyline,Great voice acting,And above all BEAUTIFUL GAMEPLAY! wether you use ranged weapons or swords this is a natural flowing game that fully satisfy any needs in gaming.Long Story short get this game NOW!
game-hours: 295.9
review: Words cannot describe how awesome this game is.
game-hours: 118.2
review: Skyrim is an unholy abomination that will devour your life. But, in a good way. You really don't even have to play it. You can DL a bunch of nexus mods and it'll take you a week just to make a character.... and then that character won't be good enough and you'll delete it and start over after you find a couple other mods that'll help you tweak it just right. Then, of course, you won't realize that your girlfriend has moved out because you're more interested in your character's bewbs than hers. Skyrim allows you to play out every depraved thought you've ever had in ways that other games just can't. The last time I played, I just ran around outside Whiterun hunting deer in the nude with a dragonbone bow and arrows and watching them burst into flames. It was completely pointless. But, the auroras were amazing! After engaging in the mass slaughter of deer, I found that my bloodlust required human targets, so I strolled into Whiterun and went on a killing spree raining fire through the city and slowly made my way to Dragonsreach wear I proceeded to fry everone with lightning and take their clothing. Then I went outside and shouted and watched cheese rain on the corpses. Then I scripted a couple thousand cabbages which dropped on top of the cheese. After I was satisfied, I reentered Dragonsreach and sat on the Jarl's throne and proclaimed myself "High Commander of All I See" and repopulated the city with exploding chickens and suicide bombed the place. Thumbs Up
game-hours: 653.8
review: Amazing game. An open world RPG with more quests than you'll ever complete and an equal balance for whatever playstyle you like. Add on top of that DLC which actually adds new content and mechanics and official modding support, and you've got Skyrim. Buy it, and buy the DLC while you're at it.
game-hours: 230.5
review: Best gaming experience ever! Not as good as the story in Morrowind, but still a darn good one. However, the vanilla graphics suck but can be enhanced with mods, created by the massive mod community of Skyrim and basically all Bethesda games. Everything about the lore and immersiveness has driven me to addiction over this game. 10/10
game-hours: 1236.5
review: UI Sucks, game is great with mods. 5/5 would bang.
game-hours: 166.6
review: This game is so AWESOME!
game-hours: 62.2
review: Why are you even reading this? Go and buy the game, as all the other have done.
game-hours: 10.8
review: Pretty cool. Ah what the hell its awesome. Especially with mods.
game-hours: 265.3
review: Focken legit! m8
game-hours: 318.1
review: I saw a mans helmet I fell in love with his helmet I killed him for his helmet I put it on a guard killed me for the helmet 1000000000/10 would kill for a hat again
game-hours: 91.7
review: very good
game-hours: 251.2
review: Do i have to really say anything anything? ITS SKYRIM (MODS!)
game-hours: 53.4
review: mods are awesome.. lot to see..
game-hours: 83.6
review: Great game reguardless of what system its on, extremely immersive.
game-hours: 240.5
review: Great game! Even better with mods.
game-hours: 146.5
review: exellent game played it on console but I did'nt play the dlc's so when this was on offer I bought the legendary edtion with the dlcs and I just love how good skyrim is
game-hours: 292.0
review: dis goooooood
game-hours: 182.5
review: no words to say. EPIC!!!
game-hours: 331.2
review: This game has unlimited potential! Whether it be DLC or Workshop addons, this game has allways come out on top!
game-hours: 355.6
review: This game has provivded 300+ hours of fun and i havnt even beet all the missions so much fun
game-hours: 23.1
review: this game is one of my favorite games, the mods add and endless supplie of thing to do and its just a great storie line
game-hours: 2371.9
review: It's quite good.
game-hours: 153.1
review: I adore this game, it really appeals to the role player in me. The graphics are stunning (if a bit same-y occaisionally), and I adore that I can customize it with mods members of the community have made. I do have an issue with it though. This is an issue I have with all the Elder Scrolls games, I don't like having to be led by the hand for the first half an hour. I like to just jump in and do what I want, rather than wait for the myriad of partial cut scenes to play out. I realize that it helps engage you in the storyline and give you a cursory understanding of the controls and mechanics, however I find it incredibly annoying. Other than that, it's a fabulously fun game. I really wish there was a way to play with your friends though, even if it was just over lan.
game-hours: 408.3
review: Skyrim is an amazing, open world, fantasy rpg that I have wasted many hours on at this point. The game is very enjoyable with a decent storyline, numerous side quests, fairly good graphics even by todays standards, and fun gameplay that will have you stuck on your PC for hours on end. Compared to other Elder scrolls games it is MUCH better than Oblivion, but I don't consider it to be as good as Morrowind (Though that may be just Nolstalgia speaking). If you buy this game I HIGHLY recommend the use of mods because after your first playthrough, the game may seem boring and repetative. Also, the steam workshop make modding this game very easy even if you have never modded a game before. All in All, Skyrim is a great game, mods or no mods, and I would highly recommend it to any gamer. Without mods: 8.5/10 With mods: 10/10
game-hours: 200.3
review: How to play skyrim forever >Mod the  out of game >"New Game" >Repeat after a playthrough >Change build >1000 hrs
game-hours: 223.9
review: My eyes are falling out and I am looking at my social life in the rear view mirror. BEST GAME EVER!!!
game-hours: 72.3
review: I'm addicted... Once you play through it once, go back at it with mods.. The fun really never ends.
game-hours: 1833.5
review: This is such a great game, playing for about 1100 hours is proof enough.
game-hours: 311.8
review: Pretty fun, really worth getting. Theres tons of content and a lot of variety. This can lead to a lot of different ways you can play the game which is always fun Even if you get a little bored theres always tons of mods that make Skyrim worth re-playing over and over again. The DLC is alright, and I recommend getting the Legendary Edition.
game-hours: 107.3
review: you know you played this game long enough you start whistling the dovakin theme song when you pee
game-hours: 77.9
review: I can be a horse while playing as a horse while riding a horse. All for the low low price of 4 payments of $19.95.
game-hours: 73.7
review: Skyrim is a very detailed exploration game that is full of amazing sights once you get up high, such as one I had at the top of a cave near Whiterun. Simply gorgeous. I fully recommend this game to everyone and anyone. Including my cat. 9/10 TheCatWithTheHat
game-hours: 518.4
review: There's nothing you won't like with this game!
game-hours: 33.9
review: just the best RPG game ever, nothing else...
game-hours: 202.8
review: i like trains
game-hours: 194.2
review: Do I have to say anything ? ;)
game-hours: 532.7
review: I want to make babies with this game
game-hours: 338.7
review: Clearly one of the best game in steam worth the money endless fun ...
game-hours: 70.4
review: Great game!
game-hours: 151.3
review: This game needs no review
game-hours: 122.7
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim One of the best steam games I've ever played. 10 - 10
game-hours: 282.7
review: Best game ever russia simulator 2k15 swag free
game-hours: 226.5
review: Great game for anyone who loves RPG and action games, for anyone who likes killing monsters and dragons and for anyone who knows to appreciate a good story. The graphics are great, tho there are alot of glitches with it (which somtimes makes the game more funny). The only 2 problems i have with the game are- 1) The menu in-game is built for consoles- but it doesnt really matter. 2)Once you start playing the story you cant stop-not because the game doesnt allow you to, because its TOO DAMM ADDICTING! (be warned)
game-hours: 133.0
review: Great game. Second most played on Steam (right after Borderlands 2), and that's quite an accomplishment. Exploring is really what makes this game worthwhile, and if you pick up some loot mods (or mods in general), everything is as good as you want it to be. Definitely pick it up with the DLC.
game-hours: 141.7
review: Arguably one of the best games I've ever played. Open world, free to level up your character as you wish, interesting quests, being able to buy and build houses (with hearthfire) and of course slaying dragons. Who doesn't like killing flying lizards? I would definitely recommend this game. Simply one of the best rpgs out there. Too bad there is no multiplayer option and combat feels rather clunky at times but the multitude of things you could do in Skyrim easily offset those.
game-hours: 60.2
review: dIS GAME iz da b3stest. It Iz wun uf me fav FAll0ut Geymz. Eh Lyk wen da dragun kumz fear on yur fase. I Sp3bt naby knights playin dis
game-hours: 330.9
review: Literally in my top 3 of fav games of all time, with workshop support makes it easy and fun.
game-hours: 97.9
review: It's skyrim, what else do I need to say?
game-hours: 15.3
review: i loved oblivion, and i love skyrim even more! graphics are amazing and so is the game play
game-hours: 230.5
review: Quality game
game-hours: 138.1
review: Got a sex change and lost all my stats 10/10
game-hours: 22.8
review: Great game, love it to bits! Best free-roam world i have ever played
game-hours: 61.6
review: Elder Scrolls Skyrim is the sequel to the Morrowind amd Oblivion games that takes place in Skyrim area. It is an awesome game that everyone that considers himself a gamer has to play, its a must! I personally have over 100 hours on the game and i really feel that i havent spend much time on it! Graphics/Art: The graphics of Skyrim are very good but not great. But there is a catch! Skyrim is the most Modable game of all! That means you can install any mode you want and literally transform the game into something awesome! If your system can take much you can install high resolution textures and custom water / sky and land elements with glows and blurs that will literally blow your mind! The artwork iself is very good as it presents the medieval ages and has some awesome soundtracks that make the game feel epic! Go buy a surround system and play the game on full volume! Gameplay: The gameplay differes from player to player and it depends on what you like. There are no limitations on what you can do in the game or how to do it! The combat is clearly action style and you need to have skills in order to survive (considering you play the game on hard mode)! By installing mods as i mentioned before in the graphics section you can add features on the gameplay like riding a dragon! Its a game that you will enjoy its gameplay even after 300 game hours! You never get bored of it as there are countless things to do around! Plot: The games plot is awesome as you follow the story of the dragonborn to save the world from the evil dragons! You can chose your own path as you can make decision on what questline you want to follow. Its your choise to kill the dragon or joining the thieves guild! The DLC's also add some awesome extra quests and content like becoming a vampire lord / having a vampire servant and a whole new questline and areas. Skyrim is a game that worth every penny! You will play countless hours and you will be amazed by it! I bought mine Game of the Year edition for 11 euros from steam sales! Keep in mind that the DLC make a big difference on the questline and the content!
game-hours: 257.2
review: Great experience, deep lore
game-hours: 356.1
review: Like Far Cry with swords. 10/10
game-hours: 77.4
review: !!!
game-hours: 220.2
review: Its a Sweet game.
game-hours: 50.6
review: amazing
game-hours: 60.2
review: This is a great game if you play too much you may get an addiction and after you beat the game and are bored just bomb it with mods.
game-hours: 129.5
review: One of the best games in the world
game-hours: 128.4
review: Got stoned and shot arrows, 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 10.6
review: Awesome game, I've played hours upon hours. PC is a whole new world for skyrim.
game-hours: 43.1
review: Without any doubt one of the best games I've ever played. If you dont have this game yet, buy it here for PC because it's sooo much better than other consoles. You have an endless ocean of options, quests, land, weapons and adventure. Did you buy it now? Yes? Great! Now go play! ...Did you play? Awesome! Now make it even more awesome with mods! Not satisfied with how your game looks? Google for "skyrim enbmod" and look around on the Skyrim Nexus for nice texturepacks. Want your game to be more immersive? There are mods for that! Even more realistic? Mods! Horny? Adult mods! Mods? Mods!
game-hours: 11.3
review: the best game i'v ever played! it is realy funn to play, it has a lot of missions and allot of different races and skills to level up, so many classes to choose. i would recommend this game to every one that likes some thing that involves many stuff like dragons, vampyres, open world,
game-hours: 69.1
review: Best RPG game ever.
game-hours: 275.0
review: It's ok.
game-hours: 100.6
review: Epic game! I had already played and completed this game on the Xbox a while ago but picked up the Legendary Edition on offer and have thoroughly enjoyed another playthrough, as well as the dlc that I hadnt played previously. Quite possibly the best rpg out there to date, it looks great, especially with the HD texture pack and a few additional workshop mods and has, for me personally, the best 'levelling up' system around, and thats without mentioning the sheer size of the vast, vibrant open world. Its not without its flaws, there were a number of missions that had glitched and I either couldnt complete or had to mess around to work around bugs, and even though the voice acting was a huge improvement on Oblivion there still only seemed to be half a dozen or so different voices in the game, which when you put 100+ hours into a game can grate a little. However these are minor issues compared to the enjoyment the game as a whole has given me.
game-hours: 535.1
review: Amazing game it never gets old.
game-hours: 0.2
review: great game.
game-hours: 15.0
review: I have recently confirmed that this is in fact, a video game.
game-hours: 95.4
review: Great game you can just play this games for days and not ger bored.
game-hours: 83.2
review: I never hopped onto the hype train in 2011 for this game. I never even played a single Elder Scrolls game before this. But, this game is probably one of the BEST free-roaming experiences to this day. I love this game, from the soundtrack, to the main storyline. It's a great deal, and if you have never played a game by Bethesda, this should be your first. c:
game-hours: 324.0
review: 10/10 like skyrim but with guns
game-hours: 119.8
review: Awesome!
game-hours: 8.3
review: You can beat a girl to death and then steal her clothes, just like in real life. 10/10
game-hours: 4.8
review: very fun game if your in to adventure and action this is the game for YOU!
game-hours: 31.7
review: Love it :3
game-hours: 6.2
review: 100. One of possibly the best games I have ever played on the computer especially because it has mods. If you ever have the money to buy Skyrim then get it. It's TOTALLY worth the 20$ it is worth.
game-hours: 61.6
review: Dragons trolls and shouting what a time to be alive 3 dragons/10
game-hours: 518.0
review: The best Cheese Hoarding simulator on the market.
game-hours: 215.2
review: This is my all time favorite game, of course there is tons of bugs, but there usually are ways to fix them, I have played this for hundreds of hours on both my xbox and on my laptop with all the dlc on both, it is worth getting the legendary edition, trust me! There is amazing Gameplay, tons of mods. great replayablity, amazing combat, great graphics, and is very immersive.
game-hours: 256.8
review: You can be killed by wheelbarrows. 10/10 would get run over again.
game-hours: 1.8
review: :3
game-hours: 36.3
review: Fabualous fun but takes a while to get into
game-hours: 83.1
review: I saw a horse flying. He went into space. I'm gonna miss him. See you space cowboy.
game-hours: 21.0
review: good heaven, is FAP time <3
game-hours: 204.4
review: I punch a chicken, them everyone want kill me. 10/10
game-hours: 174.9
review: they told me i can't get a divorce, so i sacrificed my follower wife to boethiah 10/10 would sacrifice again.
game-hours: 101.8
review: i had Ebola and this game cured it
game-hours: 71.7
review: killed an old women 10/10 ed a dragon shagged my wife ed my children got the sasha grey mod 69/10
game-hours: 22.4
review: awesome
game-hours: 311.3
review: still love it :D
game-hours: 129.1
review: It has a naked women mod.
game-hours: 75.1
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is an amazingly addictive game that will hold your interest. The adaptations and creations of the games followers create an ever evolving world that is sure to entertain.
game-hours: 7.0
review: The province of Skyrim might be frigid, but the role-playing game that takes place within it burns with a fire few games possess. You take up arms against dragons, and your encounters with them are invariably exciting - yet depending on where your adventure takes you, such battles may not even represent the pinnacle of your experience. Side quests that starts as a momentary distraction may turn into a full-fledged tale that could form the entirety of a less ambitious game. I had very hight hopes before release, and i was right to, a definate must - an absoloute bargain on steam right now, get this in your library. 10/10
game-hours: 31.6
review: Amazing game! Despite the fact it's over 3 years old, it's still being played heavily these days. I love this game to death (this is the second copy I own, first was on Xbox 360) The possibilities are endless, you'll easily find yourself playing this game well over 100 hours. I can't wait for Bethesda to release The Elder Scrolls VI! (March 2016, rumours)
game-hours: 161.7
review: Man,what can I say about this game.Its easily my favorite RPG ever,but the game is not perfect,it has its own things. Pros: -over 100 unique locations (including the dragonborn dlc island,Solstheim) -nicely designed skill branches -customization of your character is great,and has lots of options -graphics are really good! (on PC,its alot better.) -all the DLC's have good replay value,I've played through Dawnguard about 4 to 5 times (including my console experience) -Mods make a fantastic game even better -lots of enchantment options,armor,and weapons -a whole bunch of monsters,like giants,spiders,and trolls -10 diffrent races,each with its unique powers -has enough content to last over 100+ hours Cons: -compared to the last elder scrolls games,this game has alot of handholding,like non-killable NPC's -game is prone to alot of stupid crashes,and bugs Now,this game has been mainstreamed compared to the previous games,but don't let that fool you.Every fan of RPG's needs to get this game.If you don't have it,get it,because I can guarantee you'll have a great time.I totally,100% recommend this awesome game.Its the pinnacle of any RPG,and 1 game that every gamer,no matter PC or console,should have in their library.
game-hours: 418.0
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim Review Say good-bye to real life Pros: +The world is HUGE! Probably one of the, if not the, biggest open world games ever +Graphics are great, even 3 years after its release, and mods make them amazing +There are hundreds of different playstyles to choose from so YOU get to play YOU want +Although the main storyline is a bit short, there are hundreds, if not thousands of side quests, guild quests, and miscellaneous tasks to keep you busy +Over the 2 1/2 years of Steam Workshop integration, the community has put out 20,000+ mods, so as long as there are new mods, the adventure NEVER ends! +One of the few games I've played where I can say that the DLC isn't a ripoff +Every thing in the game is exhilerating, from simply trotting across the countryside on your horse and admiring the beautiful view to being in an intense fight with a massive fire-breathing dragon +The console commands in the base game make for great fun :) (Ex. spawning werewolves to attack a village or becoming a dragon) Cons: -As with games this big, there are quite a lot of bugs and glitches. These range from being quest breaking (I've encountered 3 over 300+ hours) to aggrevating (There's a lot of these) Final Score: 9.5/10 Personal Note: This is my personal favorite game on Steam. I say this because this is the one game I've played where I could LITERALLY play it forever. Special thanks to Bethesda Game Studios for making this amazing and must-buy game. Also, thanks to to the modders for unleashing this game's full potential and making it a masterpiece.
game-hours: 16.0
review: It's like Skyrim...WITH GUNS.
game-hours: 3.1
review: Amazing game, super fun to mod and also to play normal.
game-hours: 17.2
review: Get wanted for killing a chicken simulator 2015 10/10 Would kill chicken again.
game-hours: 451.3
review: Toy Story 2 was OK
game-hours: 96.7
review: Great!!!!
game-hours: 313.8
review: I both recommend and don't recommend Skyrim. I recommend because gameplay is fun (modded), it's kinda fun to fight dragons (modded), and the world is huge (bigger when modded). I don't recommend because the graphics are really ugly without pretty heavily modding the game, and parts are still broken requiring additional mods...basically, the entire game relies almost entirely on mods to be anything you were expecting from The Elder Scrolls. The final reason I don't recommend is because you would have to give Bathesda money for a game that is only any good because unpaid fans of the franchise have made it the game it should have been in the first place.
game-hours: 184.2
review: The best game I have every played, Worth a buy for sure! great mod community as well. The soundtrack takes the game to a whole new level. The in depth lore is amazing not only for The Elder Scrolls V but for all of The Elder Scrolls games.
game-hours: 52.3
review: My Grandfather smoked his whole life. I was about 10 years old when my mother said to him, "If you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop immediately." Tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake. He gave it up immediately. Three years later he died of lung cancer. It was really sad and destroyed me. My mother said to me- "Don't ever smoke. Please don't put your family through what your Grandfather put us through." I agreed. At 28, I have never touched a cigarette. I must say, I feel a very slight sense of regret for never having done it, because this game gave me cancer anyway.
game-hours: 290.8
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is stunning in every way! It has amazing graphics, and gameplay. It is the best RPG game in existance! The only downside is that you can get boreds once you've done everything, but wait! There are TONS of Mods, and DLCs to keep your attention! And this game has a large reply value! Even though you may be sad dedeting your Level 100 Imperial, but it just makes the game more fun with a goal to surpass your previous level. And you could also try doing things difrently. Either way, this game has tons of content, and it's loads of fun! BUY IT!!!
game-hours: 66.4
review: Elder Scrolls V is everything you would want in a open world, role playing game. Highly recommend
game-hours: 23.2
review: Absolutley fantasic game, would recomend to anyone alive! 11/10 5*****!!!
game-hours: 310.5
review: For a single playthrough game it's 8-/10. If you want to play more, and try some new mods 10/10. (spoilers: most of people ends with second option)
game-hours: 104.5
review: aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa, is all I can say. 10 out of 5 stars.
game-hours: 103.1
review: Extremely immersive game. Unfortunately I decided to start playing this halfway through exam period and revision feels like a distant memory. Oh well, need to complete some more quests.
game-hours: 21.0
review: There wont be a game this great for a very long time.
game-hours: 8.5
review: Saw the game Bought the game Died too many times with a  axe, went to the workshop,got a plasma gun then suddenly i become the overlord of skyrim. Plasma gun is love, Plasma gun is life. 10/10 would get more from the workshop again
game-hours: 85.5
review: Epic game !!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 13.9
review: Dis game is me fav
game-hours: 382.4
review: Mod it, love it, play it. A downright beautiful game that edges near reality with mods. If you enjoyed Morrowind or Oblivion you will definitely enjoy Skyrim. Skyrim does cater to the more casual gamer as even on higher difficulties (sans Legendary) it really isn't hard. However this too can be modded. The lore is deep, and spread all throughout the sandbox and its extended areas. Just when you thought you had been to every corner of the map, you will find somewhere new to explore. At a rushed pace you can still spend hundreds of hours completing everything there is to do in the base game and its DLC. Once you are done with that, you can add more with the very active modding community's labors. Rating: 7/7 Recommended price: Under $30.00
game-hours: 521.8
review: Out of this world, its simply amazing, so much to do, places to go, and people to talk to. 100 hours plus with out any problem.
game-hours: 118.1
review: one of best RPGs maybe my best game 11/10
game-hours: 688.5
review: After over 600 hours of this game, it is not unusual to leave a month or two between play times then I wonder why I left. Then I see why. The sheer repetitiveness of the game. 7/10
game-hours: 66.9
review: 10/10 would ctd again
game-hours: 174.8
review: swag mlg 9/11 IGn
game-hours: 5.0
review: Great Graphics, Impressive map and Endless things to do! :D
game-hours: 55.9
review: Not sure why I'm taking the time to do a review of this game. We all now it's sooper kick-. Should be called "Mod it till it crashes"
game-hours: 97.4
review: Dovahkiin, Dovahkiin, naal ok zin los vahriin, Wah dein vokul mahfaeraak ahst vaal! I will journey far in the land of Skyrim. 15/10 Best RPG i have played. (the extra 5 is for epic mods)
game-hours: 80.4
review: I used to be an adventurer like you until Skyrim took my life. Life taking simulator like the ones in Vault 112(fallout 3) 100/10
game-hours: 138.0
review: i really like the game play and how ther are many quest that you can do and that there is alot of grups that you can join. and there is alot of dugens that you can do
game-hours: 105.5
review: It's the best game EVER !!!
game-hours: 80.3
review: 10/10 would buy again
game-hours: 54.7
review: Best RPG ever.
game-hours: 143.1
review: Juegazo
game-hours: 80.9
review: What can I say, really? Skyrim is a one of a kind game and I can't really stop playing it, got it for both my consols and for the computer just to be able to mod it. I love this game and I would recommend it to anybody who likes action-adventure and open world kind of games. Just do it!
game-hours: 11.8
review: been playing this game through the night and this game is so addictive...it open world game play is so amazing and the quest that available in this game is some massive...thumbs up...recomend this game...
game-hours: 745.7
review: meh
game-hours: 555.3
review: I love this Game GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG .....
game-hours: 12.2
review: Such, Elder Scrolls Very,5 Much, Skyrim Wow Many, Dragonborn So, Cool 10/5 :D ggwp m8
game-hours: 135.3
review: Love the game, gotta be my all time favourite!
game-hours: 570.1
review: skyrim=bon
game-hours: 66.4
review: Okay game. I guess I could recommend it. Definitely not popular anymore (as if it was popular when it first released.....) I would say its on par with WarZ. 7.5/10 Too Much RPG
game-hours: 389.4
review: your social life is now going into whiterun and talking to nazeem
game-hours: 314.4
review: Best game i've ever played I REALLY RECCOMEND
game-hours: 8.2
review: it was fine game i likea the modding. you should buy rigt now sort of
game-hours: 3317.8
review: Je ne connais pas de meilleur jeu RPG meilleur et de ce style. Adapt au rhyme de chacun et  l'exploration. Un incontournable.
game-hours: 12.6
review: Skyrim is the reason I got a PC. 10/10 would bang
game-hours: 174.2
review: Like the Fallout games which preceded it, the execution of the open world environment is very well done. Also less buggy than its predecessors. I really enjoyed exploring this world and the story.
game-hours: 536.6
review: Great game. Sneak archers are broken though.
game-hours: 35.3
review: so i bought the game only for the porn man that was a 60$ porn exprince
game-hours: 237.9
review: This is just a great game. I've played it about 15 times but haven't actually finished it once because it's so immersive and there's so much to do.
game-hours: 81.4
review: Got killed for stealing a wooden bowl. 11/10 would mod the  out of again.
game-hours: 276.6
review: Best game, will continue playing untill they release more games.
game-hours: 56.5
review: This game is just amazing. Vanilla or modded, the imagination you can have in this game is immense. You can play it however you want, but to fully enjoy it in my opinion, don't play it like a dungeon-crawler game. Immersive yourself in the world and roleplay, it's a role-playing game is it not...? My biggest love for this game is the freewill to do whatever you want to this game. It's basically an open-world sandbox rpg. Grab a ton of mods, and your experience will be different from others. The way I play this game won't be like everyone else's and what I enjoy, might not be for others. All in all, try to put yourself in the footsteps of your character and feel that you're in the amazing world of Skyrim.
game-hours: 0.8
review: Would love this game a whole awful lot more if my computer could run it correctly. Then again, that's what I get for using a NVidia graphic card with mods installed. I played this game extensively on Xbox 360, and had a lot of fun. It's just that, I wish this game could have multiplayer options, not massive multiplayer, but maybe up to four people. Still, if you want to waste 800 hours of your life, this is your next best option.
game-hours: 107.1
review: I used to go outside a lot with friends. Then I got skyrim and realized I didn't have to go outside anymore and I didn't need friends. Now I have no friends and just skyrim. 10/10
game-hours: 93.6
review: Best game in all of Tamriel
game-hours: 321.7
review: Massive world and great mechanics. Only drawback: the inventory was quite difficult to use but there are so many mods to solve such problems,
game-hours: 106.3
review: I think that everyone should have this game, the story is amazing and additctive!
game-hours: 67.1
review: This is Skyrim. That is really all the needs to be said and if you do not know about Skyrim, where have you been? This game is amazing. It has such a huge world and even if I don't want to fight Giants, Mammoths, and Dragons, I could just go around picking items to make potions or food. It has everything in it I love and the mod community is great as well. There are achievements which I love. I can't recommend this game enough.
game-hours: 108.0
review: Its a very fun game, do whatever you want, be whatever you want! enough said
game-hours: 96.3
review: I suplexed a mean old woman in an orphanage because A little boy put a hit out for her. 10/10
game-hours: 319.7
review: This game is so great. It just has a great sense of freedom and player choices. I think its a great game for anyone who wants to play. Its action-packed and ready to go. And for all of you disgusting perverts, there are even mods for those kinds of things. This game suits anyones needs and is so fun you'll find yourself attached to the screen for hours on end! Oh yeah and if you dont like this game you obviously dont have a good sense of adventure and I bet you took an arrow in the knee right after someone stole your sweet roll.
game-hours: 73.8
review: This is one of the best RPG's that i have played in a while. This game has a huge land to explore with suprises everywhere. There might be a vampire attack on a city or a giant destroying almost everything in its path. The weapons have a great variety and a good feal to everyone of them, so does the armour and the armour is especially noticible when fighting or running. You lose more stamina and run slower when wearing heavy armour, and the opposite wehn wearing light. There are a few bugs the annoy me but i was so carried away with the absolute beauty of this game. This game is amazing and has a giant modding community with it. 9.5/10
game-hours: 29.0
review: Some crash error 80 is jacking up my gameplay. It wont load up... please let me know if there is a way to fix it.
game-hours: 150.5
review: Game of the year every year.
game-hours: 387.9
review: Yes I recommend this game what am I... Uncivilized.
game-hours: 71.3
review: its skyrim. just buy it.
game-hours: 4.0
review: its a must play for anybody
game-hours: 12.8
review: Pros -Dragons -Dragons -Dragons -Dragons -Dragons -Dragons -Dragons -Dragons Cons -not enough dragons metascore did not rate it 100/100
game-hours: 12.7
review: iVE Only played for couple of minutes and im already in love!
game-hours: 149.3
review: It will take your soul
game-hours: 180.6
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, is an adventure game much like the others before it, with it's own storyline and content and all that. It is my favorite in the series, one of the main reasons is the STEAM WORKSHOP, you can add whatever you would like from the WORKSHOP into your game at any time, you can make the game easier, harder, better, worse, etc. The Legend of Zelda addons are my favorite of them all. I recomend this game to anyone who doesn't already own it. I give this game a 10/10, a 9001/10 if anyone can can make a Doge race mod for it :3
game-hours: 394.6
review: e.eb
game-hours: 156.0
review: Yes.
game-hours: 202.3
review: As we have come to expect from the last ES title "Oblivion" and the more recent Fallout 3 / NV, Bethesda have put together a game of epic proportions, large characters with stories, deep mechanics with no gimmick. It's a sandbox game with a first and third perspective camera, good hand to hand, armed, ranged and magic combat and strong character progression, but the best part is that it's all modable with TES editor. And yet I don't play this game, not nearly as much as Oblivion the last in the series. While the game has fewer sticking points for me than Oblivion I'd highlight the heavy theme as somewhat over played, if the game was more subtle and had more humor to it, I might find myself playing it more. I still recommend this, but not as highly as Oblivion.
game-hours: 106.4
review: You can never get enough with this game. Just when you think you're done, download a mod and keep playing.
game-hours: 214.9
review: Why are you reading this??? BUY THE GAME
game-hours: 211.7
review: Score: 10/10 Just, amazing! A must in any library! The ammount of content inside the game can easly make you run for hours! All dialogues are dubbed which is huge deal considering the ammount of content. The free DLC improved the graphics to a high standard and all the mod's available in the community can increase replay time undefinitely, if one so does want to, and/or change the gameplay in so many different ways that I could not cover in this review. You can also dwel into your own mod and make your experience unique. The game provides you a pletora of quests, exploring and creature slaying for all tastes. I would recommend playing the game a while without mod's because some of them can totally change the original feel of the game. If you're a veteran coming back to Skyrim, you will find that they are a great addition for replay.
game-hours: 232.2
review: best lollygaggin' simulator 2011
game-hours: 7.9
review: A train killed me by way of firebreathing while I tried to shove my lightsaber into it's eyes. 10/10 -IGN
game-hours: 84.3
review: Great game!
game-hours: 57.3
review: So fun, Much dragon, Wow.
game-hours: 575.4
review: Best game ever! Mods greatly improve it in every way also.
game-hours: 356.3
review: Honestly, this is probably the most addicting rpg you may ever play. With so many paths to choose and ever so many quests, you won't be bored for one minute. Sure, the animation is a little rough around the edges, but the gameplay will make that all step aside.
game-hours: 107.2
review: Such good. Very wow. Much gameplay. Such fun. Wow.
game-hours: 318.2
review: Truly amazing game, even in the vanilla 10/10, add in DLC 30/10 and/or mod it yourself or find something that suits you! Skyrim is FANTASTIC
game-hours: 2112.7
review: The Great game and doesn't have any competitors.
game-hours: 75.6
review: GOTY 2016 10/11 would trade my gf(she is rewally nice and not fat) for the work of art, i really like the part where this is a total minecraft clone and activision should be sory for even atempting to do such a thing
game-hours: 512.2
review: 10/10
game-hours: 389.2
review: This is one of the best games I have ever played... And the mods you can get for it... It's worth the money.
game-hours: 109.9
review: Not allowed to bang my wife. 10/10 best marriage simulator out there.
game-hours: 118.6
review: I could just say that and leave it but I wont. Ok, I know that character creation can be a little tedious but, other than that, I can not complain about this game at all. The graphics are amazing, the dialogue and quests are intreguing, and the whole premice of being a Dragonborn is just awsome. The scenary around the massive open world is breathtaking, and the inhabitants are even more so. I would honestly reccomend this game to anyone as I love it all so much! That is pretty much all I can say on this subject... Let me guess, somebody stole your sweetroll...
game-hours: 124.4
review: One of the the best RPG's in the series. For me, its my favourite after Morrowind. Dragons, Werewolves, Vampires, Magic and a living, breathing open world. Perfect!
game-hours: 27.0
review: Best game ever. Period.
game-hours: 778.0
review: Best fantasy somewhat-sandbox RPG in existence these days. Vanilla is a tad bland, but with mods from Nexus and Steam Workshop, this game has given me close to 500 hours of solid enjoyment. No other game in my library has nearly HALF that time put into it. Okay, I digress, Oblivion MIGHT gain that much, if I can get past the darned vanilla NPC's not making me want to retch. Dawnguard: Good DLC, plenty of story worth the price, wait till you can pick up on a sale though. Dragonborn: Own the DLC, never played Morrowwind, and have not had the chance to sink my teeth into this content just yet. From what I've seen though it has been interesting enough. "Falksaar": Head over to Nexus and check this one out, can't really say much more about it here since its unoffical and all that.
game-hours: 10.1
review: One word Amazing This game is one of the best Elder Scrolls Series games out there i would definitly buy again and it is better if you have expansions makes it more fun and so you can make a house.
game-hours: 50.7
review: Love This game.
game-hours: 82.0
review: As good as people say it is
game-hours: 90.6
review: Install game, install ENB and other mod. I make look good. People fight. fight dragon. Beat game. Now for DLC. 10 of 10.
game-hours: 135.5
review: Masses left naked on the streets. They suspect nothing.
game-hours: 28.4
review: I have this game on all of my consoles, same with oblivion. I love this game and still play it from time to time. Played about 2000 hours into this game on xbox. Final verdict : 10/10 GET IT NOW, THROW MONEY AT SCREEN!
game-hours: 41.8
review: Really fun game. The only thing that made me quit for a couple of months now was a gamebreaking bug (I accepted the Jagged Crown quest, but never gave the crown to Ulfric. So then, at the time of the Peace Treaty meeting at Hrothgar, noone took their seats when I sat down in my assigned seat. So the game pretty much didnt work beyond that point, so I gave up after that). But I am going to make a new character relatively soon and probably not a dual wield warrior anymore :D.
game-hours: 344.0
review: Amazing
game-hours: 5.2
review: great game and community is awesome especially the mods suggest finishing it then moding the crap out of it has high replayapliity because it mods so well
game-hours: 20.8
review: Well, if you haven't played Skyrim yet you probably should even if only to understand arrow to the knee jokes and an entre cultural layer that this game has created.
game-hours: 14.9
review: One of the most fun RPG's i've played in a long time.
game-hours: 390.2
review: this game is so much fun, i love it, the reason why i got this game is because of this awesome mod called legend of the toa, it adds 6 races of biomechanical warriors that are heroes known as toa.
game-hours: 46.7
review: This game is literally one of the all time greatest. Modding allows for damn near infinite replayablitiy. There is so much room for activites that I almost can't handle it.
game-hours: 77.7
review: What can I say but this is one of my most fav games I have ever ever had the pleasure of emersing my self in for over 60 hours so far. its incredible - just buy it and get ready for a new life.
game-hours: 52.8
review: One of the best games if not the best. Endless quest and you are always busy. You wont be disapointed getting Skyrim.
game-hours: 22.0
review: This is the best adventure open world game in the entire world!
game-hours: 303.7
review: awesome and immersive rpg, loved it.
game-hours: 78.3
review: Best rpg of the 21st century
game-hours: 66.1
review: Tons of fun, I love the Elder Scrolls series, and it's a good addition to it
game-hours: 60.8
review: Like skyrim with dragons. 1337/64
game-hours: 330.2
review: Do you not have this game? Stop waiting, Go get it. Stop Asking questions, You will love it. (I had about 6000 Hours on another account that i lost the password to. So i bought Skyrim again. That should be point enough)
game-hours: 507.6
review: Nothing better than naming your character  Fister McFreely and fist fighting every dragon you see and cinematically killing a beggar.
game-hours: 71.0
review: good
game-hours: 5.4
review: These are the following step I did when I first started Skyrim Step 1 : Kill A Chicken Step 2 : Whole Village Hated me Step 3 : Tries to kill them Step 4 : Killled them but they won't  die Step 5 : Restart Skyrim 10/10 would never kill a chicken in my life again.
game-hours: 953.7
review: Awesomest game ever.
game-hours: 55.9
review: Stole some salmon from a old lady, she started to punch me even if i was dual wielding swords and rocking a bad  armor, seems legit. I lov ethis game.. 11/10 would play again and again, like im doing now..
game-hours: 226.9
review: I used to be an adventurer like you; then I downloaded a metric ton of mods.
game-hours: 315.7
review: One of the greatest games I have ever played. Blows my mind that this game can be fun even after 200+hours. A must have game.
game-hours: 32.6
review: I think I messed up the story line,I killed everybody in whiterun,riverwood,morthal, and dawnstar
game-hours: 209.5
review: This game is FUS RO DAHING good, nuff said.
game-hours: 48.9
review: It is very nice and interesting game and have a good storyline
game-hours: 248.9
review: This game is fun, it will ruin your social life though
game-hours: 19.7
review: Its life not game
game-hours: 160.8
review: THE best game of this generation. I originally played this on PS3, but switched to PC after 130 hours of play. The vanilla game is fantastic; 1st or 3rd person, open-world with plenty of quests and characters to talk and fight with, dismal-yet-beautiful environments and comfortable fighting mechanics (for both PC and PS3). The story is not the best I've seen in gaming, but Skyrim's strengths are what you can do within the game, and how customisable the game is for content. You can kill enemies and friends alike, marry and live with an NPC, build houses (with DLC), cast magic spells, make your own weapons and armor, mine resources, brew your own potions, explore dungeons, canverns, temples and mountaintops. Plus absorb the souls of dragons. While there are still a few bugs in the game (it's Bethesda, expect them), there is plenty of patches and content created to fix and enhance the game. There are more mods for this game than any other game that I know of, and more are still being made. If you get sick of vanilla Skyrim, try out a mod - it will change the way you play (for better or sometimes worse). Every character you make, every new game you play, will be different. You will always have fun.
game-hours: 77.7
review: ing love it !
game-hours: 167.9
review: Amazing game. I reccomend it to everyone. The mods just make it too much better :)
game-hours: 210.4
review: never gets boring!
game-hours: 225.0
review: Quite frankly, anyone that gives this game a bad review is a blatant liar or blind. This game is the pinacle of the Elder Scrolls series and is made in such a way that general and hard core ES fans can love. If you are a max-min player you can make deadly one hit kill weapons and impenetrable armor (and then set it to hardest difficulty) or literally spend hours decorating the over 8! houses you can own the the game. The mods alone add LITEARLLY hundreds of hours of NON-REPETITIVE PLAY. This is the benchmark that all other RPG's should be set to. Bethesda took their greatest strengths from Fallout and implemented them into ES. Nuff said.
game-hours: 3.5
review: In the three hours I have played, I have made these great accomplishments: 1. Ran away like a coward because I failed to sneak past an angry bear. 2. Picked up a broom and suffered severe bloodloss. 3. Got lost in the mountains and was killed by a giant. 4. Visited an old man in a house and he set me on fire. Obviously I have no clue how to play this game, but I still find it fun.
game-hours: 41.7
review: It's a good game. Check out Nexus.
game-hours: 148.9
review: Defeated Alduin, World Eater, and saved the whole of Tamriel from a horrible fate, but now everybody hates me because I took two baked potatoes from an old woman. 11/10
game-hours: 1025.7
review: this game is like my girfriend. its is so good icant stop playing with it
game-hours: 147.4
review: Huikee mtt
game-hours: 55.4
review: Best game ever!!
game-hours: 86.3
review: great
game-hours: 360.6
review: You don't even need to see this. you've already made up your mind about this game. Admit it. Fine, I suppose i'll make a review. So, skyrim. Not many games like this, since there's steps from breathing fire onto a dragon and cooking a soup. Huh. So, it's the 5th in the franchise of games i've never played, and i must admit. I really really like it. It's pretty. good. Yeah. Recommended. Gameplay mechanics. Waving a sword in a enemies face waiting for them to bleed tomato juice. Fabulous. Or for them to get smashed in the back of the head by a bear. Always nice.
game-hours: 325.4
review: Najlepsza gra RPG jak w yciu graem!!! POLECAM
game-hours: 107.7
review: Best.Game.EVAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAR
game-hours: 460.6
review: Amazing free rome RPG Were you can be what you want to be!!!
game-hours: 71.7
review: Game of the century.
game-hours: 175.5
review: One of the best games I have ever played. Getting this game and not liking this is impossible. Also, bears are harder to kill than dragons at level 7. 10/10
game-hours: 182.3
review: What can I say? Great game, worth every last dine
game-hours: 296.7
review: Like Skyrim, without guns.
game-hours: 131.5
review: i buy'd this game 3 years ago and i still find it awesome!!
game-hours: 558.9
review: Hands down this is my favorite adventure/RPG I've ever played. Being highly customizable with community mods is what keeps me coming back to this gem. The graphics are stunning and the gameplay is top notch. Just like when purchasing a car, I judge games I play on how they "feel." When I play this game, I can get lost in its world for hours at a time. While the gameworld itself has vast depth, the story itself is lackluster. Bethesda has a habit of making interesting and deep worlds, but shallow characters and storylines. If they could master how to make characters feel real and like your character is PART of an unfolding story, rather than the centerpiece by which the world revolves around, I would probably quit my job and play their games without eating, drinking, and/or defacating. Myself and my couch would become one and together we would rule Tamriel together.
game-hours: 85.5
review: Modded it so much it crashed. 11/10
game-hours: 93.6
review: Best open world, i played in a while
game-hours: 101.5
review: This is the game you've been waiting for. Dragons? Yuuup. Epic Quest line? But of course. Beautiful graphics? Yes. Reson to say "What social life?" This is it.
game-hours: 300.4
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is an amazing singleplayer RPG game that just has to be in your steam library. The game is so huge and open world that any other RPG will seem pretty small. I played Skyrim on my PS3 about 2000 hours even though I have it on PC. You play as a Dragonborn(Dovahkiin) that is a man with a soul of a dragon. Game's main story is awesome and the best thing is there are so much guilds and faction that you can join(Dark Brotherhood, Companions, College of Winterhold and so on) that will NEVER make the game boring. Also there are 3 DLCs that are just amazing and bring new items, characters, weapons and even new places to the original game. Now, best thing of them all is that there are thousands of mods that just make the game so good that you won't be able to stop playing it. Some mods like Falskaar, Moonpath to Elsweyr even offer you new maps and locations which is just AWESOME. No matter what type of gamer you are you have to play this game, it's just fantastic. RATING 11/10
game-hours: 460.5
review: Kel Keizaal vahrukiv fin zok brit lein wahlaan. Aal Bathesda zind laat mahfaeraak. Tey do bruniik Brom, faansu kendov ahrk daal dov. Gein faasnu Dovahkiin voth ahkrin viik vokul, qahnaar vulom do lein. Fen gein lost ahkrin do aan vahzah dovahkiin? Keizaal fen kos aan zoor, aan vahzah tey fun ul naal jul.
game-hours: 222.6
review: it's pretty allright
game-hours: 71.6
review: Amazing Game, Best RPG I've ever played.
game-hours: 92.7
review: After playing for 48 hours straight, going through 20 cups of coffee, and not eating in 2 days... I finally remembered to start the main quest. 12/10
game-hours: 88.9
review: Uhh.. I like the Skooma
game-hours: 147.3
review: Oh God, where do I start? This game is everything right with the gaming universe! This game is so amazing! I have it on my PC, XBox, and now my laptop! This game is just amazing! If you are on the fence, or are deciding to not get it, then that's just wrong. Do yourself a favor! get this game! It is in my top 2 favorite games of all time! Truly, GET IT NOW! I LOVE THIS GAME!!!
game-hours: 327.6
review: Skyrim is an amazing game, filled with all sorts of adventures and exploration, made by Bethesda, who also made the 2006 and 2008 Games of the Year. The game has an absurd amount of things to do, and there are few games that encourage you to explore and participate in the world as much as this one does. Many people can get their money's worth out of this game, but it's particularly tailored to those that like RPG and open world games. Additionally, this game can have a large amount of bugs. Even with this drawback, I'd recommend this game to anybody - particularly if it's on sale.
game-hours: 37.6
review: Pretty good game, solid work
game-hours: 0.2
review: number one game in my village
game-hours: 281.9
review: Nothing beats this game!!
game-hours: 38.9
review: This is probably the best game i ever played. You can choose the class of your character or mix them all, I mixed and i was almost like the great Talos then i fighted Alduin and the lvl of epic in that battle was extreme. A game wich must be in your library. 10/10
game-hours: 91.9
review: The best game ive ever played in my entire life, and probably will be until the end of it.
game-hours: 164.3
review: BUY IT
game-hours: 329.3
review: One of the best RPGs I have EVER played. If you want something that is really fun and that you can play multiple times with multiple play styles and still find a ton of new things every time... Then definitely check out Skyrim.
game-hours: 5.8
review: really really good game :D
game-hours: 23.9
review: Best RPG ever !!!
game-hours: 33.5
review: The Elder Scrolls games are good but Skyrim is the Best for me if u don't have buy the game so do it
game-hours: 523.4
review: The best game I have ever played.
game-hours: 487.0
review: If you like to wander the world, explore, adventure, and learn, this is your game. The moment you hit the great outdoors, there's a vast expanse of wilderness and towns to discover. Ancient ruins and moldering caves will also tempt you. What makes the game particularly good is the conversations with inhabitants. The amount of dialog and stories these characters posses is astonishing. The game may be a few years old, but it holds up well (particularly if you add some of the community mods)!
game-hours: 10.9
review: best game ever !
game-hours: 294.8
review: Great Game! (Gimme my badge)
game-hours: 106.9
review: Its fun.
game-hours: 731.1
review: Where to begin? Whether you're slashing a dragon's wings, raising the dead back to life, or experimenting at the alchemy table, Skyrim performs the most spectacular of enchantments: the one that causes huge chunks of time to vanish before you know it.
game-hours: 20.8
review: good game good graphic anything id good
game-hours: 85.5
review: Accidentally hit a chicken and the whole town rose to kill me. 11/10
game-hours: 210.4
review: The Elder Scrolls Saga is back and learned well from the past. Hours of entertainment at it's finest. 10/10
game-hours: 79.6
review: >Enter Riverwood >See chicken running around >Decide to kill chicken >Fus ro dah >chicken dies >I am now the most wanted man in skyrim >Rip
game-hours: 140.7
review: best game ever been playing since early 2012 and still play it frequently again best game ever and by now the mods are endless and you can get graghic mods to my skyrim looks beutiful it;s just so nice :3
game-hours: 10.1
review: TRUST SEPTIMUS, HE KNOWS YOU CAN KNOW!
game-hours: 372.2
review: This Game is Epic, No games match it except The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion, and maybe Fallout 3, but this game is EPIC! For these reasons, you can kill anything you want, with Steam mods galore, and you can do practically anything. Buy a house Get married (DLC) get a kid Build your own house Become a vampire Become a kitty Ride a dragon Kill Nazeen Go to jail Participate in a war Fus Ro Da! and many, many more awesome stuff.
game-hours: 69.4
review: itz gud.
game-hours: 4.2
review: Awesome But No Multiplayer :9
game-hours: 99.8
review: FUS ROH DAH! A masterpiece of gaming. Will go down in history as defining a generation of games.
game-hours: 48.8
review: I played skyrim so much on the Xbox. It gets boring after a while, so my brother sold it. Now that I have it on PC I have tons of fun with the mods, and the DLC I never bothered to play. It's a good time.
game-hours: 98.2
review: 7.8/10 Too much water.
game-hours: 59.5
review: Broke up with girlfriend so I can really sit down and concentrate on the game. My character is so freakin hot I love her.
game-hours: 132.3
review: Dovahkiin, Dovahkiin, naal ok zin los vahriin, Wah dein vokul mahfaeraak ahst vaal! Ahrk fin norok paal graan fod nust hon zindro zaan, Dovahkiin, fah hin kogaan mu draal!
game-hours: 584.5
review: Skyrim is an open world first person hack and slash. The fifth game in The Elder Scrolls series. THE STORY The plot starts well enough. Dragons are coming back after years of non-existence. You are the Dragonborn. A powerful warrior/mage/thief/spellsword/archer (whatever the hell you want to be) who must fight against the dragon menace. As the Dragonborn you are the only one who can stop it. Its the old 'chosen one' story line again. The main quest line is far too short and basic. At one point the plot looks to be more than it is, but in the end its very disappointing. Luckily Skyrim is huge due to a ton of side quests. A lot of these are story arcs that have interesting sub plots of their own and are not all fetch quests. STARTING YOUR JOURNEY So how do you start? Ironically you're on your way to execution. Once you arrive at Helgen for the chop, you get to choose your race. There are 10 to choose from, ranging from different humans and elves, to an orc, argonian lizard person and a giant . The main racial differences are the level skills start at, the race's 'greater power' and any resistances they have. Your starting greater power is unique to your race. You can use them once a day. Redguard's for example can regen stamina 10x faster. Part of what makes them a good warrior's choice. Race choice doesn't necessarily dictate your play style, however they are all that bit better at something. For example the Redguard's melee oriented skills start at a higher level. Another feature that makes for a great warrior. You could easily choose to make him a mage. Its just that your magic skills start lower than your average elf and your greater power has no use for a mage. MAKING YOUR WAY IN THE WORLD So obviously the game isn't 5 minutes long and you've not actually been executed. You get a clear direction to head in when you start. You're not just dumped on this giant continent without a clue of what to do. Before you can fast travel via your map you'll have to discover locations on foot. Exploring the world is a lot of the fun. On your way to a quest but have happened upon a spooky crypt? Delve inside and loot the place! Or ignore it (coward). The greatest part of Skyrim is choice. Do what you want when you want. Some quests have two different choices. This is normally the choice between being good and being a complete . Once you have enough septims you can buy a horse. These can be killed so take care of them. There are also horse carriages you can pay to ride if the initial lack of fast travel irritates you. I do encourage exploration though. You'll meet many characters on your quests. Characters are where a lot of the flaws come in. Silly behaviours like shouting their life stories at you as you run up the road, or not reacting to a dead body you drag around/dump on their camp fire. Its bad for immersion but it only interfered with gameplay once for me. SKILLS Skills are divided into the warrior, mage and thief categories. Each skill has its own small skill tree. To level up a skill you perform actions relating to that skill. Striking a foe with my war axe levels up the one handed tree, while getting hit in heavy armour levels up that particular tree. When you level up a skill you gain xp towards your character's actual level. That's right, you don't get xp through simply killing (unless by killing you level up an offensive skill), you have to increase your skill levels. Once you get a new character level you gain a perk point. There is no actual cap on character level. There are mostly passive perks on offer, but there is the odd cool ability like decapitation. Smithing, enchanting and alchemy skills allow you to make and improve your own gear and potions. With smithing and enchanting the flaws in the levelling system become apparent. In order to level up smithing I have to craft tons of gear that I'm never going to use that sells for pittance. Having to gather up masses of materials and make all this stuff, sell and repeat may not be frustrating, but its not fun either. Having to use up my soul gems to fuel enchantments on weapons and armour I'm just going to sell/throw in a river? Needless waste. STATS Before choosing your perk you have to choose which stat to increase. Magicka, health and stamina are your choices. This stat choice combined with no respec option (there are two such options for skills) adds to the replay value. My Redguard has next to no magicka to fuel spells. This means I can't just become a powerful mage and choose to abandon my axe. I'd have to roll a new character and concentrate on magicka. This prevents having a single jack of all trades to do all the content with. COMBAT Melee combat consists of fast strikes, power strikes blocking and bashing. Some would say melee combat is too simplistic but I don't think it needs to be complicated to be fun. Archery is another option. Nothing beats the feeling of successfully leading a long distance kill shot. If stealth is more your thing there are skills that give massive damage bonuses for sneaking kills. Successful sneaking requires you to stay quiet and out of sight. The lighter your armour the less noise you make. Daggers make no noise when you swing them. Combine all these factors to become a deadly assassin and dirty thief. Mages have many schools of magic at their disposal. Destruction magic deals damage, conjuration summons pets from Oblivion (basically like separate planes of hell). You can even alter the mental state of your foes if utilising the illusion school of magic. Restoration heals (even my Redguard makes use of this) and alteration protects you. Two spells can be cast/ready at the same time. One for each hand. You could summon an atronach with your left hand and cast stoneflesh with your right. Or you could use flames in both hands to amplify the damage. SLAYING DRAGONS Part of your Dragonborn identity is learning the thu'um. Thu'um's are shouts in the dragon language that produce magical effects. These shouts are usually attacks. Fire and frost breath, knock back (the famous FUS RO DAH!) and even a freaking lightning storm! There are three words to a shout. The more words you learn the more powerful the shout. Learning the word of a shout first requires finding the word wall where it is written (in most cases). After that you need a dragon soul to power it. That means taking down a scaly beast. A little way into the game dragons will spawn here and there. Typically they'll fly around, then land or hover to fire their chosen thu'um. In melee dragons will bite or slap you about with their tail. Before you're geared up to the eyeballs they can be challenging. However at later levels they are too easy. This is where mods come in handy (more on that later). People who find them too easy at earlier levels should increase the difficulty during these encounters. The game's difficulty level can be changed at any point. DLC They're all worth it. Dawnguard and Dragonborn add huge amounts of content. Area's, quests, weapons, powers. I couldn't be without them. Hearthfire gives you awesome homes to display all your loot. Much better than the small houses. MODS Without mods Skyrim is 6/10. The plethora of bugs and annoyances that mods eliminate is massive. With just quality of life and graphical mods this game is 9.5/10. To truly enjoy Skyrim you have to at least mod the awful bugs out, and the great features in. I have high res textures, better models, a map with roads, the unofficial patches which fix literally hundreds of bugs and much more. Then there are all the content mods. New areas with quests, spell crafting, more dragon types etc. 99% of the time when I go to Skyrim Nexus wondering if they have the mod I want, they do! Don't doom yourself to a console level Skyrim experience! In closing, buy it, mod it, love it.
game-hours: 102.5
review: Meh... it's ok
game-hours: 18.8
review: very very very goood
game-hours: 176.2
review: Best game ever 10/10 would throw a arrow in the eye and do 0 damage again.
game-hours: 60.8
review: Some may call this junk, me I call it pleasure.
game-hours: 708.0
review: I turned Jarl Balgruuf of Whiterun into a woman. Whenever I kill someone, I steal their shoes and nothing else, because reasons. I've reincarnated so many times, I've lost track of who I was before now. When I get bored I pickpocket everyone's clothing, leaving them butt-naked except for their underwear. No one seems to care though, for some odd reason. I've launched myself into high orbit by melding my foot into a rock. No matter how much booze I drink, I never seem to get drunk... I'd rate it; three out of two mudcrabs.
game-hours: 252.1
review: Best mountain climbing simulator ever 10/10 IGN
game-hours: 60.0
review: My favorite game of all time. 11/10 would genocide wolves again.
game-hours: 577.3
review: It's like skyrim.
game-hours: 774.4
review: its owesome
game-hours: 88.3
review: I aprove of this game.
game-hours: 181.0
review: This is fifty percent luck, twenty percent skill Ten percent concentrated power of will Ten percent pleasure, ten percent pain, and The Elder Scrolls V is the name of the game
game-hours: 195.2
review: Oh, The Elder Scrolls, it is one of the most fantastic game series' of all time. Now, what about Skyrim? Skyrim is a rpg, a role playing game. It has some of the most beutiful graphics I have ever seen. You can play the way you want, when you want. The combat system is masterful, and the quest system is great. The amount of time you WILL put into this game is incredible. Now, there are some things in this game that arent perfect, such as a few broken quests, but overall, I give this game a 10/10. Legendary!
game-hours: 48.3
review: Chances are, If you were interested in Skyrim due to it being a sequal to Oblivion, you either have it already or passed after seeing how different it is. I, myself, played around 400 hours of Oblivion and only really stopped playing it to play Skyrim. Keeping that in mind, here's what I think. I really liked this game for a long time. After a while, though, the "magic" of discovery wore off, and I saw underneath what I realized to be the most shallow and bland game the Elder Scrolls series has to offer. Sure, finding all of those dungeons and Words of Power was a blast, but fighting the enemies while doing so felt more like a chore than anything. Even the well animated Cinematic kills got old after a while. Mods helped a bit with this problem, but overall I would rather the game be more, say, meaty. This was clearly a design descision, and is purely my personal prefrence, but damn did the fun drop off like a rock. Should you play Skyrim? Yeah man, it's $20 for ~150 hours of discovery and self-improvement and you can mod the  out of it pretty easily, but don't expect anything revolutionary out of it, like so many Elder Scrolls fans were.
game-hours: 64.1
review: What can I say about Elder Scrolls V, and about Elder Scrolls generally... -First, there's a huge open world you can explore with a lot locations worth exploring. Skyrim awaits... -Second, there is perfect skill system, it should be like that in every RPG. You can be both master swordsman and archmage. You can learn every skill and create your unique combat style. -Third, probably most important, but I put it third cause open-world and great skill make it lot better... It is story, probably one of the best known game stories, but i will also describe it here... You're Dragonborn or Doavhkiin on Dragon Language, hero with mortal body, a soul of dragon and Voice stronger than any other mortal or dragon. Your desteny is to defeat Aduin, dragon who wants to eat world. -Fourth, side storylines. They are great, you really should play all of them if you play TES:V. You can participate in civil war, join warrior's guild called Companions, become archmage, be infamous Dark Brotherhood's assassin or do crime in Thieves Guild. -Fifth, not so important fot true gamers but it makes gameplay better, graphics... Everyone will agree TES:V looks great and really you can really feel like you are in Skyrim. I really like it. It's one of the beast game I played. 11/10 Hope review helps you, TheKnightmareMA P.S. BUY THE GAME!
game-hours: 856.2
review: Don't buy this game JUST DONT. It ruined my life.
game-hours: 158.7
review: There are already 98,000 reviews, and it's been a while since I've played, so... Skyrim is all right. It's about what I expected it to be, which is to say just mediocre. Not as good as Morrowind, yet generally better than Oblivion, in my opinion. I love the lore, exploration was decent, and there were many memorable quests. However, the storyline is again short, your choices meaningless, and most importantly - for a game all about fighting - still has a very weak combat system. I'd recommend it for a low price.
game-hours: 217.2
review: Best First Person RPG out there and in my opinion one of the very few 1st person RPGS out threre
game-hours: 50.5
review: Verry highly recomend this game to all
game-hours: 200.6
review: THIS GAME IS FOOCKING AMAZING!!!! JUST AMAZING!!!!
game-hours: 203.8
review: Extensive exploration and roleplaying in a world populated by the mentally challenged.
game-hours: 86.7
review: Skyrim is an amazing game tat deserves a 10/10. The world is massive and there is so much detail put into it. It's fun to walk around the different towns, talk to people, pick up sidequests, and explore. The leveling up is great and you can decide what you want your character to be (Thief, warrior, etc.) The main quests are mostly enjoyable and combat is pretty fun. For $20 or less, Skyrim will not disappoint.
game-hours: 41.2
review: hell yea
game-hours: 403.2
review: I have regret for purchased games in my life, but this one wasn't. just buy this game and play until computer or you die. in my case, computer died.
game-hours: 11.4
review: Just started, amazing and beautiful!!! Go get it!!!
game-hours: 693.4
review: Well that's a great game. I've played nearlu 600 hours and still it's interesting and I got many work to do. This is the best Bethesda's game.There are a lot of different side quests and ofcs preeety good nain quest line. A lot of different weapons, armor, spells and abilities. you can be bad, you can be good, it's your choice. It's probably the best RPG I had ever played. If you still didn't buy it you must do it. I think 9.8/10 P.S. Still there are some bags, but they are not so bad.
game-hours: 1197.7
review: So glorious.
game-hours: 41.0
review: So you're wondering what exactly is this game. Imagine Skyrim with guns, but without guns. Pros: -Glorious landscape. -Glorious music. -Lots of quests, all of which are well created. -You can see your character rise from a very lucky prisoner (once again) to a Dragon slaying walking legend. -Excellent leveling system. -Mods. Need I say more? Cons: -Can be very prone to crashes. -Peculiar "Legendary" prestige function. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Final Verdict I honestly see no reason why you shouldn't buy this game. The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim receives 9.5/10 sweetrolls.
game-hours: 96.7
review: I ate a disgusting amount of hoarker loafs during combat with some Thalmor scum, then I went to Whiterun to deposit my earnings when this woman, Ysolda, came up to me and asked me for a mammoth tusk and I assumed it was for pleasure so I went straight to Horatio (this giant I know) he gave me a mammoth tusk and on my way back I got some honey (for pleasure to go with the tusk), I enter Ysolda's house and she tells me to leave, leave now before she attacked me. So now I'm alone again in a cave with a mammoth tusk and some honey........ 10/10 Would pleasure myself with tusk again.
game-hours: 745.7
review: meh
game-hours: 555.3
review: I love this Game GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG .....
game-hours: 12.2
review: Such, Elder Scrolls Very,5 Much, Skyrim Wow Many, Dragonborn So, Cool 10/5 :D ggwp m8
game-hours: 135.3
review: Love the game, gotta be my all time favourite!
game-hours: 570.1
review: skyrim=bon
game-hours: 66.4
review: Okay game. I guess I could recommend it. Definitely not popular anymore (as if it was popular when it first released.....) I would say its on par with WarZ. 7.5/10 Too Much RPG
game-hours: 389.4
review: your social life is now going into whiterun and talking to nazeem
game-hours: 592.7
review: Fantastic. But if you don't know this welcome to the internet.
game-hours: 362.8
review: This continuation of the Elder Scrolls game series is undoubtably the finest and isn't likely going to be ever serpassed. The possibilities within the game are practically limtless, even without the use of mods or commands. This game is the most welcoming to its series and its genre of either RPG or FPS. Being easy for "Noobs" to play or even self proclaimed proffesionals. If there was a number rating system, I would give it a 10/10
game-hours: 34.2
review: "pls no h8 m8 r8 8 out of 8.- IGN" Kickazz game with long and good story line with many other quests... Unfortunately the whole game is really colorless and edgy and needs a bit of graphic modding but that's not that big problem here. The play time is literally infinite and it never gets old. I recommend this master piece.
game-hours: 322.7
review: Skyrim is a true Elder Scroll !!! After Oblivion & surely Morrowind, Skyrim ist the best Elder Scroll actually you can get. A gigantic World to explore, many Factions & Quests to do and the unbelievable Community (with the Workshop and Skyrimnexus) this Game can't get bored !! My favourite best RPG ever !!!
game-hours: 83.8
review: The time I bought Skyrim it was on sale and of course I seized the occasion to buy this game. I already tried it on someone else's PC and thought it already was quite enjoyable. Quality/Price: Considering what you get it's really worth it. Even though the game is getting old, it still is enjoyable to play and it is worth your money. But ..... you can also wait for it to be on sale Graphics: Depends on your PC. If you have a low quality gamer PC, well, you might want to consider to turn your graphics down so your game won't lag. But they aren't really outstanding either. I mean I've seen better. On the other hand this might be due to my low quality "gamer" laptop, since I only have acces to wireless internet and my gamer pc doesn't have an integrated wifi card I can't download skyrim on it. So I don't really know how good the graphics actually can be (I know, poor excuses). Gameplay: The fighting controls are easy as *censored*. I mean you can't make it easier than it already is. So it's very accessible even for the occasional gamer who doesn't want to bother with complicated fighting systems. Of course you can raise the difficulty in the options. You can spend hours discovering lands, caves, kill all the bandits you want, make money, build your own house, buy your own house, plot, join guilds etc etc. The game is really nice and there is a lot of freedom even though some might disagree with me. Of course you are bound to the main plot, but because I don't give a **** I just don't do it. I haven't even finished the main plot because I just didn't feel like it. So in my opinion the main plot isn't really putting any restraint on you or whatsoever. I recommend this game to anyone who's got too much time left and wants to have some medieval-fantasy fun time.
game-hours: 38.7
review: So Much To Do, And It Never Gets Old. 9/10
game-hours: 77.7
review: Warning: Highly addictive content.
game-hours: 62.8
review: Best game ever.
game-hours: 10.8
review: Pretty cool. Ah what the hell its awesome. Especially with mods.
game-hours: 265.3
review: Focken legit! m8
game-hours: 318.1
review: I saw a mans helmet I fell in love with his helmet I killed him for his helmet I put it on a guard killed me for the helmet 1000000000/10 would kill for a hat again
game-hours: 91.7
review: very good
game-hours: 251.2
review: Do i have to really say anything anything? ITS SKYRIM (MODS!)
game-hours: 53.4
review: mods are awesome.. lot to see..
game-hours: 424.4
review: FREAKING AMAZING!!! BUT IT NOW!!!
game-hours: 127.2
review: Skyrim, where do I begin. This is the best game I have ever played in my entire life. I first purchased this on xbox 360 back when 2011 when it was released and I loved it. On the xbox 360 I have probably played over 2000 hours. I got it on pc for the mods and I still love it. If you want to make a character to be evil, good or better yet act like a jester throughout skyrim. It is completly your choice and that's one of the big features about skyrim. This game brings you back all the time begging you to play it. This game normal (no mods) is just lovely. The graphics are stunning and will blow you away with some of the sceneries. I would highly recommend this game. That why I'm giving it a 10/10.
game-hours: 4.3
review: One of the best games ever made.
game-hours: 120.0
review: What, you haven't heard of Skyrim?
game-hours: 21.0
review: Awesome game with great graphics and the capability to play for hours with new paths always becoming avaliable to you. Great mods for it as well!
game-hours: 1.7
review: I was a normal kid like you guys But then.... I met my friend Skyrim We had the best times of our lives Killing dragons Crafting swords Stealing tomatoes Then I met this girl called "Life" I didn't have time for Skyrim anymore I cry everytime ;-;
game-hours: 24.7
review: go buy a skyrim
game-hours: 79.4
review: This is worth playing for days of gameplay and with the DLC it is amazing! it is worth $20 for a game like skyrim. This game has a great soundtrack and mods! I recommend the pony dragon mod from nexus mods! YOU CAN PLAY IT OVER AND OVER AGAIN!
game-hours: 45.3
review: You can assasinate their leaders, murder their people, steal their wealth. But you better not kill that ing chicken or they will come after you without remorse. 10/10, wouldn't dare to pluck a feather off that chicken.
game-hours: 62.2
review: Modded it so much that I made a Teletubby into the Dragonborn and every Dragon a tank engine. 10/10 would be schizophrenic again.
game-hours: 183.7
review: As a lover of all the past Elder Scrolls games, this one does not disappoint. And the replayability with different races and classes is excellent.
game-hours: 59.0
review: Ok the first time playing this game i did not know what the  i was doing so i did what every person would do i tried to kill a chicken and i killed it then what do you know the whole en village came after me i ran for my life i got away as i went to another town called whiterun and i was like yay im away from those chicken loving people then all the guards en started killing me and i was like wtf i killed one or two then i died and i was like ok i died let me try this again guess what every one still wanted to kill me so i asked my friend how to load saves so i loaded a save and i tryed again and this time i did not kill the en chicken THE END.
game-hours: 9.2
review: Thsi dispicable attempt to bring the musical 'Wicked' to the big screen should be viewed by know one. The performances by Betty White and Clark Kent were contrived and unoriginal falling short of their cost benefit analysis.
game-hours: 18.0
review: Literally the best rpg of all time, and the mods are the dragon on the top of the mountain...or...something.
game-hours: 158.3
review: What can I say that hasn't already been said? Purely open world. It means I can go anywhere, do anything, be anybody. I can be stupid rich or dirt poor. I can be a rescuer, errand boy, or dragon hunter. I can invite followers for company only to sacrifice them, or travel alone. I can put buckets on peoples' heads and take everything in their store/house. I can be a wearwolf and rip apart innocent bunnies. I can follow quests or I can murder entire villages - just because. And I can't even beging to describe the awesome creativity people bring to the workshop. Highly recommended game. You won't be disappointed.
game-hours: 197.9
review: It's just Farcry with Swords
game-hours: 295.7
review: 3 words. Best. Game. Ever
game-hours: 6.0
review: Miles of content that is an inch deep. But what an inch!
game-hours: 12.3
review: I ING LOVE THIS GAME
game-hours: 268.3
review: Elder Scolls have always been amazing, Skyrim fit right in. Modding capabilities improve the game 500%.
game-hours: 297.4
review: Got smashed by a giant outside Whiterun once. 12/5 would smash again.
game-hours: 16.8
review: I killed a chicken and the whole town went after me 11/10 would play again
game-hours: 115.4
review: There are almost no limits to what you can do in this game. Whether you want to be an armored barbarian, a stealthy archer, an assassin, a theif, a stay-at-home-dad, a farmer, a blacksmith... YOU CAN FREAKIN DO ANYTHING!!! As soon as I picked up this game, I literally couldn't put it down. The voice acting is great, the graphics are exceptional for how big the game is. The gameply feels real, the soundtrack is too good, and the possibilities are endless. If you are considering buying this game, do it. It is worth any amount of money you spend and once you're finished playing over +150 hours in vanilla... mods and dlc will doulbe your playing time, and you'll ask yourself how a game this good could even be made
game-hours: 28.2
review: This has ruined my social life . 11/10 best game ever
game-hours: 8.2
review: A Brilliant game, just gets a little stale if you need to redo the whole story
game-hours: 202.7
review: Writing this review from within a prison cell. Stole an apple and I've been hauled into the Dragonsreach dungeon by the whiterun guard himself.
game-hours: 176.9
review: This game is a beast! A friend recommended it to me, and I wasn't sure if I like this kind of genre. I only bought the standard edition. I started playing this game and couldn't stop anymore! I was addicted to this game and bought the legendary Edition for the DLCs. I would definitely waste 15 bucks again.
game-hours: 269.1
review: I killed a chicken and the whole city turned against me, I killed the Emperor and I got away with it. 10/10
game-hours: 165.1
review: Having now got over 130 hrs playing time on this I feel it might be time I reviewed it! Yes, without question its a very well thought out and brilliant game in all respects ~ graphically excellent, several side games [challenges] above and beyond the basic gameplay and very well detailed throughout. Highly recommend and waiting impatiently for Witcher 3
game-hours: 28.5
review: BEST.GAME.EVER
game-hours: 96.6
review: Once you spend 80 hours getting all your mods to work, it isn't that bad of a game.
game-hours: 293.6
review: Nr. l
game-hours: 255.3
review: that feeling when you kill your first dragon.......
game-hours: 430.6
review: nice game
game-hours: 498.2
review: Best game ever 10/10 would potato
game-hours: 26.4
review: Es un verdadero Juegazo lo malo que algunas veces se buguea pero por el resto 10/10
game-hours: 15.2
review: Bethesda once again making an awesome and captivating rpg. As with the other Elder Scrolls games Skyrim sucks you in and immerses you completely. The detail in this game is amazing, from the items you carry to the unbelieveable landscape views. No matter which direction you walk in there will always be an adventure to be had and it will always be immersive and visually stunning. 10/10
game-hours: 277.9
review: "Like Bad Ratz with swords" 11/10
game-hours: 376.1
review: Skyrim. Simply a masterpiece! If you buy this game, I'll assure you that you'll waste half your life playing it! It does feel dumbed down compared to the previous Elder Scrolls, and the rewards for completing quests seems next to useless, but Skyrim makes up for it in an amazing array of interesting quests, a beautiful world and mods like no tomorrow! I highly recommend.
game-hours: 78.5
review: This game is apparently a really good game, since my gf can play it for hours on end and doesn't think about me at all.
game-hours: 51.2
review: Skyrim... One of the most critically acclaimed games of this generation. Is it overrated? Maybe a bit. Pros: - Massive world with loads of content - Many different ways to play - Plenty of factions to join - Dual wielding is a step up from Oblivion - Archery is much more useful than in Oblivion - Perks are a much appreciated addition to the series Cons: - Story is weak as usual with TES and is also quite short - Dark Brotherhood storyline isn't as good as Oblivion - Graphics aren't as good as they could be (mods can fix this to an extent, though) Rating: 7/10 Overall, it is a very fun game but it does get old after a while.
game-hours: 39.2
review: I recommend this game to any fan of the Elder Scrolls series. Not only can you complete the game normal, but then create new characters and do different stuff. Not only is it better than ESO (IMO) but it surpasses many of the other ES games. If you like fast-paced killing slashing murder games. You'd enjoy Skyrim. P.S. If you get bored, you can always use mods and dlcs that add plenty of story.
game-hours: 291.7
review: A solid game, supurb quality. Deserves 'Game of the Year'. As Dragonborn the world is yours to wander interacting with a delicious range of caracters you will love or love to hate. At $60 USD brand new other games should price themselves in comparrision to the quality of this game and how ready for market it was. Only a few bugs most well documented by the community on how to fix or bypass but nothing that detracts from the overall quality. Congratulation Bethesda on a refreshing inspiring release. Additional note about the vast amount of mod content. Its wonderful to see so many creators releasing some excellent content easily installed via the workshop. However some of this content can add stability issues.
game-hours: 41.2
review: This game is amazing! not much time spent on it but still it is great I got it for sale on Christmas and it was so worth it. I had it for Xbox 360 but it is so much better on PC. Awesome replay value and the mods will never stop being created best  evar!
game-hours: 410.2
review: I used to have a life like you, then i took Skyrim to the knee
game-hours: 30.4
review: Love Skyrim. Actually have this game on Xbox as well got it on pc just to use console.
game-hours: 163.5
review: Epic RPG that is very fun with a great map and with the right mods can be adapted to your liking
game-hours: 16.9
review: Best theivery simulator ever 10/10
game-hours: 194.5
review: ,  :33
game-hours: 49.2
review: The best RPG that I've played and also led me into the rest of the series. I have over 30 hours palyed on PC but I also have over 300 hours on XBox.
game-hours: 118.4
review: [+]  The best RPG game ever  Seriously big and open world with some NPC's  A lot of mods due to which change game  FUS RO DAH... yeah. x) [-]  I didn't find any minuses --- 10/10
game-hours: 124.3
review: This game is probably the best game ever made.
game-hours: 203.4
review: awsome game highly recomend playing
game-hours: 216.6
review: This game is great totally on my top 3. The graphics are good and so is the gameplay, and the modding community is awesome
game-hours: 59.7
review: This game is amazing because you have many different and equally entertaining (most of the time) quest lines, you can create your own unique character with your own unique name and the game is just great.
game-hours: 25.2
review: Game that just keeps on giving. Switched from Xbox 360 to PC and with mods out the wazoo it is like an all new game!
game-hours: 191.2
review: One of the best RPG's I have had the pleasure of playing. So much to do. Will last a long time. Superb graphics are made even better (and easily) with the steam workshop. Watch the video intro for this game. If you don't have the urge to try it after watching , you do not enjoy games. Highly recommended.
game-hours: 278.4
review: 4 years old and still the best game of the decade
game-hours: 5.8
review: I never really got into Skyrim...I'm not sure why. With it being created by the same people who made Fallout 3 and New Vegas, I definately should be all over it. I guess it is because I'm not that into medival times or something. Overall I would say that this game is like Fallout 3/New Vegas with mediaval wepons instead of guns (and aslso set in a different time period).
game-hours: 130.6
review: this may not be as good as morrowind or oblivion but the ai in this game is actually resonablly smart, you can see them get up in the morning, go to work, have conversations with other ai, bethesda definatly knew what they were doing here. (and its waaaaaayyyyy better than the game we shall only speak of in hushed tones... tes online)
game-hours: 179.5
review: If you don't already own this, it had better be because someone is buying it for you for Christmas. This is the best RPG i've played, even with its bugs
game-hours: 602.0
review: literally the best game ever made
game-hours: 156.0
review: With Skyrim you can be whoever you choose to be and live multiple lives, the only limit is your imagination. Beautiful soundtrack and graphics. Fun vanilla, but even better modded. Try it with mods, you'll be satisfied, especially with browsing the expansive mod libraries online. Have fun and game on!
game-hours: 87.4
review: This is SPARTA! no its just skyrim...
game-hours: 170.0
review: Very intense and fun game, if you choose a side choose the Stormcloaks!
game-hours: 125.8
review: 11/10 , would buy it if it cost me my soul
game-hours: 190.7
review: It's like Skyrim with Skyrim 11/10 -IGN
game-hours: 10.7
review: Had more fun in Morrowind. But it's The Elder Scrolls.
game-hours: 321.6
review: Endgeiles Spiel echt^^ also wer rollenspiele mag: Kaufen!! auf jeden
game-hours: 351.4
review: Best RPG game ever! 10/10 beautiful!
game-hours: 96.8
review: a very large open world, dragons, weapons, magic, and tales of gaurds taking arrows in the knee... how much better can a game get?
game-hours: 8.3
review: this is an old game but it is seriously very good
game-hours: 127.8
review: Killed dragons with war axes, bear kills me with one hit. 10/10 would be killed by op bear again.
game-hours: 18.2
review: This is my favorite game, honestly I love everything about this game. It's story, characters, quests, graphics, and small little details make this game great even after 4 years of it's release and hopefully many years to come.
game-hours: 170.8
review: Skyrim... Need I say more? Well yes, kinda. It is the best RPG made in my opinion and set the standards for all other RPGs. Should you buy this game? Yes. Should you buy the DLCs? Not for $19.99. Wait until they're on sale and then buy them. In the meantime download Falskaar/Wyrmstooth if you get bored.
game-hours: 75.3
review: uhhh yea yea its ok
game-hours: 118.8
review: I could write alot about this game but i wont but originally i have played 1,000+ along wiht my Steam time becuase i didnt have this with Steam beuase i had no clue what it was BUT this game is in my Top 5 of my Favorite games of all time due to its excellent stories and wide variaty of weapons, creatures, potions and even more so if you dont own this game, what are you doing?! buy it!
game-hours: 152.8
review: Hours and hours of fun play with many quests and a world to explore. You have the freedom to choose your own path and focus on the skills you want to master. I am a fan of the sneaking and stealth attacks possilbe in this game.
game-hours: 17.5
review: You can punch a giant metal robot to death 10/10
game-hours: 98.7
review: Fun free roaming game
game-hours: 47.7
review: Ran up to Skyforge Talking to Eorlund Gray-Mane -What Have You Got For Sale? -"Gods Be Praised" 10/10 would talk to Eorlund again
game-hours: 38.9
review: Absolutely captivating...
game-hours: 20.3
review: Skyrim, you bane of time management. Skyrim, you bane of my life. Skyrim, you bane of my boredom. Skyrim, you bane of my strife. Oh look, that rhymed.
game-hours: 85.2
review: From what I hear, everyone plays this game differently. It's cool that you can do that.....number 1. Number 2 that makes it possible to enjoy this game for , literally, years. You can go pretty deep into this world. My problem is, I get lost and forget what I'm supposed to be doing to get more money....So, inevitably, there is a murder. I'm not saying I'M the murderer. But, you know, people are broke....they need a new sword. Things happen. OK, first of all....the guy insulted me. He said something along the lines of " I knew you wouldn't have the coin anyway" .....like a snotty jerkoff at a fancy clothes store. You just want to punch the guy. Well.....in this game....you get to take a little frustration out and....what the hell...you ....er....I mean....THEY....got away with it. And anyways....You're a Dragonslayer fer crissakes....You save whole towns. It's one wee little murder.....That you know nothing about....just heard some things. heheh.
game-hours: 762.3
review: If you're into amazing games where you can immerse yourself in a virtual reality and spend hundreds of hours questing and battling monsters and dragons, I think you should definately buy Skyrim. The amount of detail in Skyrim is absolutely astonishing and the vanilla landscapes alone are enough to take your breath away. Skyrim also has one of the largest modding communities of any game ever made, boasting thousands of mods (some lore breaking) to enhance your amazing experience and add hundreds of hours to a seemingly endless game. I could not reccommend this game anymore. Just try it out and you'll see.
game-hours: 60.3
review: Amazing game best RPG i've played in years
game-hours: 80.4
review: The best Elder Scrolls yet, even with the Elder Scrolls online...
game-hours: 254.8
review: Used to have a girlfriend... NOW I HAVE A PET DRAGON!
game-hours: 399.5
review: One of the most endless RPG ever. There are always have something to do and lots of mods make this fantastic game more bigger. Every time you starting a character, you find yourself in a completely different game.
game-hours: 188.5
review: BEST GAME EVER IF U DONT HAVE IT GET IT OR DIEEEEE!!!!
game-hours: 11.1
review: Buy it. Its a great open world game, and with funny mods I think its one of the best games I have ever played.
game-hours: 10.9
review: Excelente juego, ambientacion y calidad sonora aceptables, dragones ql la raja, comprenlo si pueden...
game-hours: 178.2
review: Its a must play game for any PC gamer.
game-hours: 7.9
review: I took a arrow to the knee
game-hours: 357.8
review: Elder Scrolls Five: Skyrim is awesome so get it NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!111111111111111111!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 230.4
review: Easily one of the best and most entertaining games I've played. Easy to get immersed and spend loads of hours
game-hours: 60.0
review: A game made for exploring. A very large world that will take a ridiculous amount of time to see, especially if you include the DLC. The combat is pretty decent, and the questing is great. If you like lore, there's tons of books you can collect. If not, just go kill things! Join various guilds and other groups as you travel through Skyrim. One thing you should do in this game is save often! If you don't you will almost certainly regret it when you go on a grand adventure, kill all the things and get all the loot, and then die or get stuck in a glitch. Be a shining hero, or the kind of person people are afraid of the moment they see you. The game has got a pretty good skill tree. I personally enjoy investing in stealthy areas. Doesn't get much cooler than being a shadowy Kahjiit. Over all, it is a pretty good game, and the modding community is massive and active. Warning: has been known to destroy people's social lives.
game-hours: 93.6
review: epic game, dont think just buy it. initially a bit hesitant of buying it as i have played it on PS3, but on PC it is 100000000000x better what more can i say steam workshop Sorted !!. super game got it at 6.79 for the ledendary edition, treat yourself!!
game-hours: 164.2
review: Melhor jogo de Explorao livre que eu j vi!!! Anciosissimo pela verso ONLINE!
game-hours: 175.3
review: if u dont own this ur a crazy
game-hours: 21.7
review: Great game lots of things to you can do. Didn't have as much fun as Oblivion initially, but with the modding and all the peoples effort this game just gets way more life into.
game-hours: 57.3
review: This game is awsome. +rep x 1000000
game-hours: 131.6
review: Buy it
game-hours: 255.7
review: The best game 4ever! You must buy it.
game-hours: 24.9
review: Died in Helgen. 10/10 would die again.
game-hours: 83.8
review: too many mods. not enough time.
game-hours: 31.8
review: This Game is resonsible for taking days of my life
game-hours: 650.9
review: You either get bored with vanilla, or you play long enough to find yourself modding the game until it's no longer Skyrim. 420/69 "GOTY" -Gaben
game-hours: 74.0
review: never gets old and with mods it can be a new expiernce every time
game-hours: 39.2
review: By the nine divines! What did you just say about me, you little skeeverbutt ? I'll have you know I graduated top of my class in the College of Winterhold, and I've been know to cast one hell of a fireball, and I have over 300 confirmed summons. I am trained in daedric warfare and I'm the swords master of the entire Imperial forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will make you beg to Akatosh as I bend you over like a common whelp, mark my words, on my oath as the Dovakin. You think you can come into my mind though this magic device and insult me? Think again,scum. As we speak I have every assassin and thief across all of Tamriel looking for your initial position so you better prepare for the storm atronach,you drauger. The storm atronach that wipes out the pathetic little husk you call your life. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that's just with my dragon shouts! Not only am I extensively trained in archery and horseback riding, but I have access to the entire congregation of the thieves guild, dark brotherhood, Mages college, and untold hordes of deadric warriors, and I will use every one of them to banish you to the plane of oblivion.. If only you could have had the clairvoyance to see what divine retribution your little "clever" runes were about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your tongue you dark skin. But you couldn't, you didn't, and now you're paying the price, you  idiot. I will become the embodiment of Mehrunes Dagon, and open a portal to oblivion the likes of which you have never seen. You're ing dead, milk-drinker . ~ Elud
game-hours: 566.3
review: best game in history and to date!
game-hours: 50.2
review: Best elder scrolls of all time 100/10
game-hours: 432.7
review: Picture being a badass viking warrior who slays dragons, trolls, orcs, and everything else with a variety of awesome and brutal weapons and armor. Or picture being an all powerful grand sorcerer who can breath fire, call storms, and raise the dead. Now picture that legendary hero running through a field catching butterflies and picking flowers and you've only just begun to scratch the surface of what Skyrim is about. Seriously, between the immensive main quest, side quests, optional DLC, thousands of game mods, and hours of exploring, grinding, and looting you'll never see your family or sunlight again. Good luck.
game-hours: 649.3
review: Guy below me is a genie.
game-hours: 2491.2
review: I only beat the game once. 10/10
game-hours: 134.8
review: BEST GAME FROM 2011 TO 2014 PLAY IT NOW WITH ALL THE DLC'S DON'T GET ESO(ELDER SCROLLS ONLINE).....moneygrabbing piece of shitaki mushrooms BUT SKYRIM IS THE BOMB ITS GOT 1ST PERSON, 3RD PERSON, GREAT STORY AND IF YOU GET IT ON PC YOU CAN MOD IT FOR GOD'S SAKE STOP READING AND GET IT ALREADY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 327.3
review: gggggggggggg
game-hours: 68.8
review: Turned every dragon into Thomas the tank engine
game-hours: 61.3
review: AMAZING 10/10 ! This game is the best thing since the beggining of time just the best game that i have ever played. Easy to add mods and just easy to play.
game-hours: 301.8
review: its an rpg
game-hours: 106.7
review: I think this game is still one of the best RPG in the store. This is must-have for RPG fans. Lots of deep stories, large map, swords and dragons... Anything else needed? Nope!
game-hours: 11.8
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 197.6
review: Skyrim is for anyone who likes RPG`s and needs no previous gaming experience to enjoy or as I like to call it "lots of modding and exploring"
game-hours: 2005.5
review: Bored with life, is your job getting you down, college becoming a drudge, or are family making you pull your hair out, here's a wonderful way to leave all that behind for a time at least. Step into the world of Skyrim. Recommended items for enjoying Skyrim include; fridge full of Beer 'cold', Phone with number of a local 'Take away', and of course a copy of Skyrim.
game-hours: 137.9
review: Great game. Tons of replayability, even after many years. Plenty of mods to choose and activate through the workshop.
game-hours: 61.3
review: BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!!!1
game-hours: 294.7
review: Who doesnt know Skyrim ? Even if this open world game is about 3 years old it is still very good. And if you dont like it how it is you can download a million mods that improve the game in many ways. Buy it try it.
game-hours: 184.4
review: This RPG is great, like me.
game-hours: 19.0
review: It's a very nice openworld RPG game! ++
game-hours: 101.5
review: Some call it Skyrim I call it "Load Order Simulator: 2015"
game-hours: 17.1
review: Amazingly huge world, immersive skill system and combat is fun. Would highly recommend. Modding is good too if you are into that.
game-hours: 620.2
review: An amazing even for 2015 standards. If you want a RPG action-roleplay game this is the one for you! 10/10
game-hours: 750.4
review: This is excellent game-perfect graphics,story and quests,classic combat system and good spells. Also all DLCs are very good and console works well-only one bad thing on this game is item respawn-this is very annoying thing-fortunatelly it can be bypassed by console commands. Rating: 97%
game-hours: 181.5
review: its great
game-hours: 7.0
review: ettte huegooo e mu difisiiiii pero se diiifrutaaaa n vastinasooo ta weeenoo
game-hours: 307.0
review: I Completly Recomend This Game To The Public, If You Are A Toltal RP Gamer, Or If Your Just Tryin' New Things; This Is The Game For You.
game-hours: 33.3
review: THIS. IS. THE BEST. GAME ON STEAM!!!!! Seriously though, your never going to encounter a better game, exept maybe the sequel. Pc gaming not your style, but you dont have a console? Well for much less money you can go out and buy a controller and use that!
game-hours: 13.7
review: A great game overall that has some nice features that the previous games in the series did not have. Good graphics, great customization and dialogue but does not come near the swag of Oblivion.
game-hours: 103.8
review: best open world rpg so far...
game-hours: 72.3
review: .
game-hours: 338.9
review: An awesome game overall! A lot of depth into the story and multiple quests that will keep you on your screen for a long time. The only minor drawback is the multiple bugs and glitches which may hinder your progression into the storyline.
game-hours: 23.0
review: this game is amazing. i have played it on my xbox360 and it is just better on pc, the mods on this game makes it even better. i will highly recommend it to al who like open world games.
game-hours: 101.8
review: I feel like a Daedra, when playing this game.
game-hours: 114.0
review: Is a review even necessary? If you enjoy games that will ensure you never see the sunlight again, then this is the game for you my friend.
game-hours: 93.5
review: I just can't get enough of this game, i'm always want some more. And you know what? This game actually CAN offer you some more: -a lot of quests and ways to solve them; -beatiful locations to explore; -random game events between NPCs and monsters which is interesting to watch (group of guards vs badss dragon, wolves pack attacking an NPC, etc); -huge amount of mods, most of them just make grass greener, armor shinier, boobs bigger and turn horses into MLP characters, but there is some mods that can comletely change the whole game. You still not satisfied? There's 3 DLC with dragon riding, another Dragonborn, new shouts, vampires, wolverines, crossbows, dirty orphans which can be adopt, your own house which you can buy or build, and also marriage (not a greatest decision in your life, but still) waiting for you. And achievement hunting, of course! Trully 10/10
game-hours: 89.7
review: Great game
game-hours: 1.1
review: I would like to recommend this game to all my friends, epic graphics, great story, lots of side quest's that will stray you from the main story! :D
game-hours: 277.5
review: what a awesome game the map size the stroyline(s) the gamplay all excell beyond expectaions and also the communty input in this game is amazing! however there is one nag that is the devs seem to leave there products with gliches but this is miner due to the communty updates
game-hours: 187.0
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a game which is in many ways limitless because its a huge sandbox just waiting to be explored its gonna last you for weeks and with the steamworkshop mod support it's gonna extend the gameplay and overall experience of the game. I highly recommend you buy it on sales because it's too pricy I got it for 40$ and i wasnt complaining but you can get better offers!
game-hours: 83.1
review: My family rejected me for turning into a dog. 420/10 needs more memes
game-hours: 355.2
review: Very gewd<3
game-hours: 42.6
review: Since when did Thomas the train get so evil?
game-hours: 311.4
review: 311 hours... This time, was not time wasted, but time sacrificed to the best medievil rpg series of all time. The Elder Scrolls... Morrowind, Oblivion, Skyrim... and those before which I haven't played. I bought this game right after a nasty break up and it got me through my school year then. I can easily say, that I owe my sanity, my current happiness, self-confidence and personality to this game. Goodbye Durza, Goodbye Brelok. Goodbye Alduin, Serana and you too Miraak.
game-hours: 76.3
review: I think this game is a great game. However it is not flawless i hate the people who think this is the greatest Elder Scrolls Game. Most people will tell you this is the best one because this is the first one they have played and then they go back and play the previous ones suck. If you want a game that has nice visuals and combat i suggest this game, if you want to be lost in a story and a lore and be the charter of the time i suggest playing oblivion or marrow wind. With all that being said this is still a great game.
game-hours: 152.0
review: If this game were a woman I would  it. 14/10
game-hours: 77.0
review: Epic, just Epic!
game-hours: 178.6
review: A wonderful RPG that should not be missed by any Lord of the Rings, Game of Thrones, and the Hobbit. One of my all time favorite games and the MODS!!!! make this game so much better and add over 30 hours of gamplay. You can even download all of Morrowinds missions to skyrim and play them in new revized manner with. A 8.9 outta 10 in my book.
game-hours: 869.0
review: Yesss.
game-hours: 321.4
review: Its skyrim, I mean c'mon
game-hours: 11.7
review: The mods make this game fresh and worth playing again. Originally got this game on xbox and played it to death even with all the DLC. Made probably about 100 alternative characaters to offset the fact that you become too powerful. With the mods here increasing and decreasing the difficulty is not an issue. You can even add new boss battles!
game-hours: 525.2
review: This game is straight out of 2011, but still holds up well to nowadays standards when keeping it Vanilla. You're given a bunch of locations to explore, a bunch of quests to complete, a ton of bandits and animals to behead, and factions. Whether you want to be Bladesman, Professional Robber, or Hitman. All yours to choose. The game starts off with a heavily scripted event, where you're about to get killed, but freed due to a dragon's raid.  that- everyone knows that beaten path already. Anyway, vanilla is good from the quantity of things to do. Only thing that was painful for me was the skill grindfest. Now to the amazing part. You can chunk a ton of mods onto this game and it'll look better than recent releases, depending on how much your rig can handle. 2K textures? All there. 8K Dragons? All good. A ton of ENB shaders? Even better cinematics than the one console players defend. Though, Workshop is poorly done. Better grab only a few mods off there. Best methods are Nexus Mod Manager and Mod Organizer. If you're new to making games awesome, take it slow, or you might flip a table because you installed your ton of mods in the wrong order. Now, go play the beaten path everyone knows,  up the Dawnguard, and kill the Emperor with your cooking skills, and don't forget to get yourself a good enb.
game-hours: 84.3
review: This game is just amazing! If you like open-world adventure games that's full of quests, this is the game for you. Come and join the fun!
game-hours: 69.5
review: In the top ten games ever for me. (I've actually played like 400 hours, this is just a different account) It's beautiful, fun, and even more fun to mod!
game-hours: 134.6
review: Good game, but with mods, it's AWESOMEEEE!
game-hours: 93.5
review: I just can't get enough of this game, i'm always want some more. And you know what? This game actually CAN offer you some more: -a lot of quests and ways to solve them; -beatiful locations to explore; -random game events between NPCs and monsters which is interesting to watch (group of guards vs badss dragon, wolves pack attacking an NPC, etc); -huge amount of mods, most of them just make grass greener, armor shinier, boobs bigger and turn horses into MLP characters, but there is some mods that can comletely change the whole game. You still not satisfied? There's 3 DLC with dragon riding, another Dragonborn, new shouts, vampires, wolverines, crossbows, dirty orphans which can be adopt, your own house which you can buy or build, and also marriage (not a greatest decision in your life, but still) waiting for you. And achievement hunting, of course! Trully 10/10
game-hours: 89.7
review: Great game
game-hours: 1.1
review: I would like to recommend this game to all my friends, epic graphics, great story, lots of side quest's that will stray you from the main story! :D
game-hours: 277.5
review: what a awesome game the map size the stroyline(s) the gamplay all excell beyond expectaions and also the communty input in this game is amazing! however there is one nag that is the devs seem to leave there products with gliches but this is miner due to the communty updates
game-hours: 187.0
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a game which is in many ways limitless because its a huge sandbox just waiting to be explored its gonna last you for weeks and with the steamworkshop mod support it's gonna extend the gameplay and overall experience of the game. I highly recommend you buy it on sales because it's too pricy I got it for 40$ and i wasnt complaining but you can get better offers!
game-hours: 83.1
review: My family rejected me for turning into a dog. 420/10 needs more memes
game-hours: 355.2
review: Very gewd<3
game-hours: 42.6
review: Since when did Thomas the train get so evil?
game-hours: 311.4
review: 311 hours... This time, was not time wasted, but time sacrificed to the best medievil rpg series of all time. The Elder Scrolls... Morrowind, Oblivion, Skyrim... and those before which I haven't played. I bought this game right after a nasty break up and it got me through my school year then. I can easily say, that I owe my sanity, my current happiness, self-confidence and personality to this game. Goodbye Durza, Goodbye Brelok. Goodbye Alduin, Serana and you too Miraak.
game-hours: 76.3
review: I think this game is a great game. However it is not flawless i hate the people who think this is the greatest Elder Scrolls Game. Most people will tell you this is the best one because this is the first one they have played and then they go back and play the previous ones suck. If you want a game that has nice visuals and combat i suggest this game, if you want to be lost in a story and a lore and be the charter of the time i suggest playing oblivion or marrow wind. With all that being said this is still a great game.
game-hours: 152.0
review: If this game were a woman I would  it. 14/10
game-hours: 77.0
review: Epic, just Epic!
game-hours: 178.6
review: A wonderful RPG that should not be missed by any Lord of the Rings, Game of Thrones, and the Hobbit. One of my all time favorite games and the MODS!!!! make this game so much better and add over 30 hours of gamplay. You can even download all of Morrowinds missions to skyrim and play them in new revized manner with. A 8.9 outta 10 in my book.
game-hours: 869.0
review: Yesss.
game-hours: 321.4
review: Its skyrim, I mean c'mon
game-hours: 11.7
review: The mods make this game fresh and worth playing again. Originally got this game on xbox and played it to death even with all the DLC. Made probably about 100 alternative characaters to offset the fact that you become too powerful. With the mods here increasing and decreasing the difficulty is not an issue. You can even add new boss battles!
game-hours: 525.2
review: This game is straight out of 2011, but still holds up well to nowadays standards when keeping it Vanilla. You're given a bunch of locations to explore, a bunch of quests to complete, a ton of bandits and animals to behead, and factions. Whether you want to be Bladesman, Professional Robber, or Hitman. All yours to choose. The game starts off with a heavily scripted event, where you're about to get killed, but freed due to a dragon's raid.  that- everyone knows that beaten path already. Anyway, vanilla is good from the quantity of things to do. Only thing that was painful for me was the skill grindfest. Now to the amazing part. You can chunk a ton of mods onto this game and it'll look better than recent releases, depending on how much your rig can handle. 2K textures? All there. 8K Dragons? All good. A ton of ENB shaders? Even better cinematics than the one console players defend. Though, Workshop is poorly done. Better grab only a few mods off there. Best methods are Nexus Mod Manager and Mod Organizer. If you're new to making games awesome, take it slow, or you might flip a table because you installed your ton of mods in the wrong order. Now, go play the beaten path everyone knows,  up the Dawnguard, and kill the Emperor with your cooking skills, and don't forget to get yourself a good enb.
game-hours: 84.3
review: This game is just amazing! If you like open-world adventure games that's full of quests, this is the game for you. Come and join the fun!
game-hours: 69.5
review: In the top ten games ever for me. (I've actually played like 400 hours, this is just a different account) It's beautiful, fun, and even more fun to mod!
game-hours: 134.6
review: Good game, but with mods, it's AWESOMEEEE!
game-hours: 70.4
review: Great game!
game-hours: 151.3
review: This game needs no review
game-hours: 122.7
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim One of the best steam games I've ever played. 10 - 10
game-hours: 282.7
review: Best game ever russia simulator 2k15 swag free
game-hours: 226.5
review: Great game for anyone who loves RPG and action games, for anyone who likes killing monsters and dragons and for anyone who knows to appreciate a good story. The graphics are great, tho there are alot of glitches with it (which somtimes makes the game more funny). The only 2 problems i have with the game are- 1) The menu in-game is built for consoles- but it doesnt really matter. 2)Once you start playing the story you cant stop-not because the game doesnt allow you to, because its TOO DAMM ADDICTING! (be warned)
game-hours: 54.4
review: Legendary Game!!!
game-hours: 218.0
review: , ,  . ,    .    .        ,   ,             ,       ,      ,  ,        .
game-hours: 5.4
review: DRAHGOON BOOURN
game-hours: 118.4
review: A monumental and obligatory slap in the face to all RPG's ever conceived. Skyrim is an outstanding achievement in game design, concept, and atmosphere. A harrowing journey across lands filled with no limits of imagination; a story foretold which is The Elder Scrolls. Magic, weaponry, and combat await in a new world to discover. Stories to be heard, quests to be conquered. and Dragon's to kill. No game can match this world, this time, this era which lives in Skyrim. With a large modding community, the game can only get better.
game-hours: 268.9
review: Amazing thats all thats needed
game-hours: 391.0
review: When the game first came out i must have stayed home for about a month playing this game all day long. It's super addictive. Not to mention the thousands of free mods.
game-hours: 7.7
review: Skyrim has to be, hands down, one of my favourite games of all time. While the voice acting is kinda... bad, the story, the characters, graphics and lore had me playing this game every night after I had arrived home from school. In total, I think I completed this game 8 or 9 times because it is just so fantastic. If you like in depth lore, dragons or cold climates you should totally give this awesome game a go!
game-hours: 89.2
review: Fun game, great time sink.
game-hours: 8.5
review: One of the best Open-world Fantasy Adventure games in a long time, i absolutely love this game.
game-hours: 29.6
review: Great game
game-hours: 257.2
review: Great experience, deep lore
game-hours: 356.1
review: Like Far Cry with swords. 10/10
game-hours: 77.4
review: !!!
game-hours: 220.2
review: Its a Sweet game.
game-hours: 50.6
review: amazing
game-hours: 197.6
review: Skyrim is for anyone who likes RPG`s and needs no previous gaming experience to enjoy or as I like to call it "lots of modding and exploring"
game-hours: 54.4
review: play it
game-hours: 52.4
review: This game has become one of my favorites simply becuase of the almost boundless roaming freely, the DLC's (i have all), the mods, the gameplay, and graphics. This game allows you to do just about anything you can think of. You can, murder, rob people, buy houses, travel, marry, adopt kids, and even go to college. It has great creatures roaming the lands, bandits, witches, demons, dragons, trolls, vampires, and werewoles. You can even become a vampire or a werewolf....unfortunately theres no hybrids between the two. Fortunately, though there are guilds you can join with their own quest. Throughout this game you will recieve many titles and do mysterious things....especially if your a vampire or a wolf. Also to mention that you can unlock these amazing perks as you level up. Those perks will benefit you very much with whatever weapons you choose/use. Theres even a such thing as "console commands"......in other words cheats. All-in-all, this is an excellent game to have, play, and to own.
game-hours: 65.4
review: I used to played this game for a loong time on XBOX. Loved the story, love the game play. Very easy to lose track of time with this game. But, it's a good time lost.
game-hours: 156.2
review: Defenitly one of the best games I have ever played. Had it on xbox first, but the mods made me buy this game again for PC 10/10 would recommend
game-hours: 429.4
review: Epic role-playing adventure with immense depth and scope. Massive amounts of lore, quests and stories in great looking and detailed world.
game-hours: 6.5
review: Killed a chicken, the entire village starts to fight me and then killed me! Best game ever 10/10!
game-hours: 251.3
review: One of the best RPGs i've played! Endless of quests, literally, and you never get bored! Awesome graphics and story
game-hours: 211.4
review: Uhhh...I don't play it a lot, lol. But I much very recommend. t @.@
game-hours: 16.6
review: Beautiful game but pretty challenging..if you have the time and the effort it's totally worth it
game-hours: 4652.9
review: This is the game the never, ever ends. I picked this game up thinking I wouldn't like it having never played a previous TES game before. Sat in my Library untouched for about a month or two, and finally took the plunge. I was wrong. I was so very, very wrong. This is probably the best purchase I've ever made on steam. Add in the unlimited potential of modding, and it's an adventure that continues forever. I've probably restarted over a hundred times by now with a new character, and still only have beaten Alduin once. ONCE. There's still so much more do to and explore that I'm still discovering quests and areas and little hidden things. I still can't believe how much there is to do and I'm still finding more. At it stands I'll probably wake up one day having lost all touch with reality and actually start seeing the world as Skyrim with how much I've played. And I'm totally ok with that.
game-hours: 3210.9
review: Ruined my life. Five stars.
game-hours: 1164.7
review: If I had to choose between this game, and my girlfriend. I'd pick this game. EDIT: I'm single now ON A MORE SERIOUS NOTE: This game is the best in its genre. In previous Bethesda games they made a sad balance in between Questing, and Exploration. Some having more quests and less places to go, and others having very few quests and more places to explore. But in Skyrim, there is no shortage of quests, and if you are like myself and just wander around aimlessly, you will stumble into places that just blow your mind. Every time I have replayed this game, I stumbled into something new. For more info i'd very much recommend mods, with mods such as texture packs, difficulty, quests, armor, and weapons, this games replay value is endless. Go through the game once with plain skyrim, then mod the hell out of it. Overall I'd rate this game an EASY 10/10. If you haven't already. Please buy it, give it a little, and I swear you will be hooked.
game-hours: 150.9
review: >murdered Nazeem in the middle of town >carried him up to the Cloud District >threw his corpse down into some nearby water >retrieved his corpse >carried him back to the middle of town >guards see me, don't care >left Nazeem's corpse bent over a well >guard hard staring me whole time >decide to leave market place >accidentally hit "E" while looking at tomato >get sent to jail for stealing tomato 10/10
game-hours: 247.4
review: An epic game made all the more epic by the fact that it is so easy to mod and so well supported by the modding community. The Elder Scrolls series has a large following and often you will hear people argue over each new TES game comparing it to the last, but for me each TES game stands on its own merits, and Skyrim is no exception. The story is pretty good and there are plenty of side quests, but what makes Skyrim so great even when not modded is its large and open nature. This is a land you can just pick a direction and with no quest in mind and just explore. You will find danger and excitement on your journey ... and loot. Lots and lots of loot. But once you start modding this game, that is when you unlock the true value that is Skyrim. Potentially thousands more hours content (for free) in a game that can be improved ten thousand different ways from graphics, textures and sounds all the way to game mechanics and user interface changes. You can make the game exactly what you need it to be, and play it for so long you may still be playing when the next game in this series comes out.... and sometimes longer than even that. If you are interested in modding the PC version of the game, be sure to check out my guide for beginners:
game-hours: 148.5
review: A game where trying to interact with giants holding clubs turns into the funding of NASA's space program.
game-hours: 12816.1
review: Play it, mod it, play it again, mod it some more... It's a dangerous cycle: your pets will die of neglect and your friends will leave you. You won't care, you'll just install more mods.
game-hours: 92.5
review: I was stacking books on a shelf in my house in Whiterun, one of Skyrim's major cities, when I noticed a weapon rack right beside it. I set a sacrificial dagger in one slot, an Orcish mace in the other. They were on display for nobody but me and my computer-controlled housecarl, Lydia, who sat at a table patiently waiting for me to ask her to go questing. The chest upstairs was reserved for excess weapons and armor, the bedside table for smithing ingots and ores, the one next to the Alchemy table for ingredients. I'd meticulously organized my owned virtual property not because I had to, but because tending to the minutia of domestic life is a comforting break from dealing with screaming frost trolls, dragons, a civil war, and job assignments that never seem to go as planned. It's even a sensible thing to do; a seemingly natural component of every day existence in Skyrim, one of the most fully-realized, easily enjoyable, and utterly engrossing role-playing games ever made. Part of what makes it so enjoyable has to do with how legacy Elder Scrolls clutter has been condensed and in some cases eliminated. In Skyrim, there's no more moon-hopping between hilltops with a maxed out Acrobatics skill. That's gone, so is Athletics. The Elder Scrolls V pares down the amount of skills and cuts out attributes like Endurance and Intelligence altogether. There's no time wasted on the character creation screen agonizing over which skills to assign as major. You don't assign major and minor skills at all, but instead pick one of ten races, each with a specific bonus. High Elves can once a day regenerate magicka quickly, Orcs can enter a berserk rage for more effective close-range combat. These abilities are best paired with certain character builds  the High Elf regeneration is useful for a magic user  but don't represent a rigid class choice. Major decisions don't need to be made until you're already out in the world and can try out magic, sneaking and weapon combat, emphasizing first-hand experience over instruction manual study, letting you specialize only when you're ready. It contributes to the thrilling sense of freedom associated with life in Skyrim. Do a quest, kill a dragon, snatch torchbugs from the air, munch on butterfly wings or simply wander while listening to one of the best game soundtracks in recent memory. Despite the enormity of the world and the colossal amount of content contained within, little feels random and useless. Even chewing on a butterfly wing has purpose, as it reveals one of several alchemical parameters later useful in potion making at an alchemy table. Mined ore and scraps of metal from Dwemer ruins can be smelted into ingots and fashioned into armor sets, pelts lifted from slain wildlife can be turned into leather armor sets, and random books plucked from ancient ruins can trigger hidden quest lines that lead to valuable rewards. Skyrim's land mass is absolutely stuffed with content and curiosities, making every step you take, even if it's through what seems like total wilderness, an exciting one, as something unexpected often lies just over the next ridge. Many times the unexpected takes the form of a dragon. Sometimes they're purposefully placed to guard relics, sometimes they swoop over cities and attack at seemingly random times. In the middle of a fight against a camp of bandits a dragon might strike, screaming through the sky and searing foe and friendly alike with frost or flame. Momentarily all on the battlefield unite, directing arrows and magic blasts upward to knock down the creature, creating impromptu moments of camaraderie -- a surprising change from what may have been yet another by-the-numbers bandit camp sweep. Dragons show up often, their presence announced by an ominous flap of broad wings or an otherworldly scream from high above. The scale and startling detail built into each creature's appearance and animations as it circles, stops to attack, circles again and slams to the ground makes encounters thrilling, though their predictable attack patterns lessen the excitement after a few battles. In the long run they're far less irritating than the Oblivion gate equivalent from The Elder Scrolls IV, can be completed in a few minutes, and always offer a useful reward. Killing a dragon yields a soul, which powers Skyrim's new Shout system. These are magical abilities any character can use, you don't have to specialize in spell casting to slow time, throw your voice, change the weather, call in allies, blast out ice and fire, or knock back enemies with a rolling wave of pure force. Even if you favor sword, shield and heavy armor and ignore magic entirely, you'll still be able to take full advantage of these abilities provided you find the proper words  each Shout has three  hidden on Skyrim's high snowy peaks and in the depths of forgotten dungeons, serving as another reason to continue exploring long after you've exhausted the main quest story, joined with the Thieves Guild, fought alongside the Dark Brotherhood, or thrown your support behind one of the factions vying for control of Skyrim. Not only is this land under assault by dragons, long thought to be dead, it's also ripped in two by civil war. You can choose one side or the other, but so much of the allure of Skyrim is how, even outside of the confines of quest lines, the embattled state of the world is evident, and steeped in a rich fictional legacy. Lord of the Rings this is not, but with the release of every Elder Scrolls game, the fiction becomes denser, and the cross-referencing for long-time fans all the more rewarding. Skyrim's residents are all aware of current events. They'll comment on the civil war, some sympathizing with the rebels, others thinking the establishment sold its soul. The peasants complain about the Jarls who control each settlement, the Jarls complain about the rebels or foreign policy, the overprotective College librarian complains when I drop dragon scales all over his floor; many characters feel like whole, distinct personalities instead of vacuous nothings that hand out quests like a downtown greeter hands out flyers for discount jeans. Characters stereotype based on race, they double-cross at even the slightest hint it might be profitable, and they react to your evolving stature within the world. It makes a ridiculous realm, filled with computer-controlled cat people and humanoid reptiles, demon gods and dragons, feel authentic, like a world that existed long before you showed up and will continue to exist long after you leave.
game-hours: 68.4
review: Killed an old woman. Stole a plate. Got arrested. (Because of the plate). Fought a dragon. Stole a crown. Got drunk. Became a werewolf. Killed bees with fire. Followed a talking dog. Visited the old dwarven cities. Killed robots. Became an assassin. Killed the emperor. Got beaten to death by a whole town for stealing a cabbage. Became a respected general. Fought bandits. Poisoned mead. Stole cabbage again. 10/10 would Skyrim again.
game-hours: 477.1
review: At first you are like this games fun, then you are like woah there are mods and then you don't stop the mods and then the next thing you know you are playing as a giant with a strap-on fighting thomas the tank engine
game-hours: 190.1
review: One of the best games ever created
game-hours: 26.1
review: My take on Skyrim. Hmmm, difficult to answer but I'll give it a go. From what I've played of Skyrim, it's great technically. The levelling up system works well and there's a real sense of adventure when you travel out to find new places. Finding your first dragon and facing off against it is just plain epic, especially with the Skyrim theme playing in the background. The graphics have greatly improved upon Oblivion and are far more realistic, (you'd expect it would be given the 5 year difference :P) and the landscapes are, quite simply, beautiful. The shadows, lighting and overall ambience in each location really brings you into the experience, without question and on higher systems is truly awesome. Gameplay-wise, it's pretty straightforward. Sword goes thwack, health goes down, guy dies, loot. Repeat. The exploration is cool and the fact that they've included more in the environmental design is cool too (different dungeons, caves and landscapes etc.) Levelling up is pretty easy too, by just putting a point into whatever you've been training. It is a bit on the easy side and very simple though, compared to Oblivion which was, kinda merciless if you didn't put the points into what was best at the time. Getting wrecked by a goblin at level 10 wasn't nice but it certainly was more challenging :P. What I didn't really like (having come from 300-400 hours of Oblivion) was that Skyrim is a very....simple game. There's not a lot of complexity to it and it mostly seems very....bleh. It might've been the way I played it but Skyrim always seems very much catered to a larger audience than Fantasy RPG players. It almost seems like the game can be unneccessarily cruel with certain points put into areas and that some points you can get pretty much destroyed no matter what skillpoints you've been applying to one or two key areas such as full blunt and light armour losing against bandits of the same calibre or bosses that end up stealing your health bar in two blows. But these, again, were probably just results of how I played the game. Anyhow, with what attempt I've just made there as a review, I would recommend that you play Skyrim, just as it is an epic game and worth the time, even just to check it out. Comparitively speaking, Oblivion gives you slightly more adventure as a game, even if a few years old now, but I wouldn't say no to Skyrim. If I had to give it a number I'd say Skyrim was a solid 7 if not 8 at times.
game-hours: 265.1
review: I think to I no need to tell a lot about that game. It is a almost most famous game in the world. I have bought that because I am very interesting that story, I mean stories. There are many of stories what seems like cannot be counted. That game can give to you thousand of hours. It is a longest game what I have ever seen. Good things: -The developers seems like have made it a complete world. -Many of possibility as you will choose in that world. -All your actions have result. Bad or good thing as your choose. Bad thing: -The world as big what developers couldn't handle. There are some slight bug, glitch. -The graphic is beautiful, but it need a strong computer for you can enjoy it. -That game is story oriented, so this game without story just a simple game. If you don't like the story games or that story, you will feel boring when you play 'Skyrim'. I recommend this game to those who have played the before 'The Elders of Scroll' series and those who like story oriented game.
game-hours: 30.3
review: By far one of the greatest games of our generation! Nothing can compare in my opinion.
game-hours: 326.0
review: very good game, and modding it can make it even better! if you not so much in to modding start with steam modding because it's very easy for new modders :)
game-hours: 1447.0
review: I have played many many hours on this game and loved every minute of it. The game is huge, vast amounts of land to cover, great characters you encounter. The towns are always a good stop for supplies, rest and getting new quests. The real joy in Skyrim is the combat, wether you play as a warrior, using 1 or two handed weapons, or stealth and archery there are unique actions that always make the combat a joy to play. Stealth really works well in this game, become a thief or a killer hiding in the shadows, there is a great selection of weapons and armours to find and upgrade. Being the dragonborn really adds a great element to the game with shouts. I could not even remember all the great moments and fun in the game, its huge and just a major achievement in gaming. Skyrim is amazing.
game-hours: 43.8
review: I killed everyone in Riverwood, except an invincible npc and the children. However, I then used console commands to kill the invincible npc. But I still couldn't kill the children! So then I searched... and searched... until I found a mod that allows me to brutally murder them. Next I piled all the bodies in the center of the village and stripped everyone down. Then I teabagged them. 10/10 would be a serial killer again
game-hours: 24.0
review: one of the best RPG games and one of the best games of the TES seriers.
game-hours: 138.9
review: I now see my hands different.
game-hours: 17.1
review: My favourite game that I have ever played. So much better on PC than Xbox
game-hours: 330.2
review: Do you not have this game? Stop waiting, Go get it. Stop Asking questions, You will love it. (I had about 6000 Hours on another account that i lost the password to. So i bought Skyrim again. That should be point enough)
game-hours: 507.6
review: Nothing better than naming your character  Fister McFreely and fist fighting every dragon you see and cinematically killing a beggar.
game-hours: 71.0
review: good
game-hours: 5.4
review: These are the following step I did when I first started Skyrim Step 1 : Kill A Chicken Step 2 : Whole Village Hated me Step 3 : Tries to kill them Step 4 : Killled them but they won't  die Step 5 : Restart Skyrim 10/10 would never kill a chicken in my life again.
game-hours: 953.7
review: Awesomest game ever.
game-hours: 55.9
review: Stole some salmon from a old lady, she started to punch me even if i was dual wielding swords and rocking a bad  armor, seems legit. I lov ethis game.. 11/10 would play again and again, like im doing now..
game-hours: 226.9
review: I used to be an adventurer like you; then I downloaded a metric ton of mods.
game-hours: 315.7
review: One of the greatest games I have ever played. Blows my mind that this game can be fun even after 200+hours. A must have game.
game-hours: 32.6
review: I think I messed up the story line,I killed everybody in whiterun,riverwood,morthal, and dawnstar
game-hours: 209.5
review: This game is FUS RO DAHING good, nuff said.
game-hours: 31.6
review: This game is overall beast. There is tons of gameplay in the game and you can add even more with the workshop.
game-hours: 144.4
review: This game is not for people who do not want to take the time in a very detailed RPG, yet this game is one of the best ive seen in a very long time and anyone who is a fan of complicated games such as this should put some money down and try it out for themselfs.
game-hours: 39.2
review: Sometimes i fap to Skyrim....
game-hours: 187.8
review: It's alright.
game-hours: 64.5
review: Best Open World, Time Killing, Dungeon Exproring Game! Spend hours of fun making your character! Enjoy an amazing storyline! (Provided you don't get sidetracked by nearly endless sidequests) Horde items you will never use! Choose a follower to help you clear dungeons! (Who will most likey just get in your way) Then download amazing mods to double the sidequests, useless items, and additional storylines! Or just download so many mods it's not even the same game anymore! The possibilities are endless! Cons of this game: Having Lydia as a follower.
game-hours: 60.9
review: I fus ro downloaded this awesome game. Adding some fun mods so I am hunting evil wicked My Little Ponies!
game-hours: 120.8
review: ! !!!!! =)
game-hours: 209.1
review: Clearly the best game in the world!
game-hours: 161.6
review: How I play skyrim ? 50% focused on quests and 50% on mods. Buy buy buy it now. Or rather wait for it to be on sale.
game-hours: 98.1
review: Awesome game. 10/10 amazing gameplay, fun resources and endless opportunities
game-hours: 98.1
review: Awesome game. 10/10 amazing gameplay, fun resources and endless opportunities
game-hours: 55.3
review: leave your life , go to skyrim
game-hours: 49.1
review: with mods you can fight thomas the train
game-hours: 139.4
review: Great game, lots of fun and sets the bar for most rpg games. There are hours of gameplay and you can replay it and not get bored.
game-hours: 7.9
review: like skyrim with skyrim 10/10
game-hours: 125.5
review: It's Skyrim, what are you reading the reviews for.
game-hours: 13.5
review: It's potentially one of the best games ever made, but you already know that and are probably just on this page for amusing jokes. 10/10 needs more dragons
game-hours: 155.5
review: Skyrim is simply the most amazing world editor game you can play. It's exactly what a hard core game wants. The game isn't about fantasy or slaying dragons at all forget that , it's about spending hundreds of hours configuring and reconfiguring .ini files and debugging why boobs don't bounce right or why physix mods cause horses to fly during the opening credits. I wanted to create the most beautiful, perfect, real world experience, before starting out my quest. 155 hours in and 100 mods deep I created my perfect experience then I got all the expansions and broke the mods and look forward to going thru it all again! I'm serious when I say I get more satisfaction tweaking a game then actually playing it. Skyrim is aging like a fine wine.
game-hours: 406.1
review: This is a great game to play. If you don't have the game to play, get money for it. If you don't have the money for it, get a job. If you don't have a job, rob a bank. If you get arrested robbing the bank, at least you tried. #AlduinGetsRekt
game-hours: 255.1
review: Game of the Millenium!!! Nuff said.
game-hours: 137.7
review: Best game i ever played <3 I love this i will play untill i die
game-hours: 37.0
review: Full of adventures, beatiful skies and landscape, the mod capability is just soo great, the quests are epic and the overall experience with this game is just awesome 9/10 There were some broken quests but that doesn't really matter because i fixed them all, that's why i gave this game a 9/10
game-hours: 84.6
review: Thanks to Steam Workshop and Nexus Mods, Skyrim will never grow old!
game-hours: 67.8
review: Guards of a castle told me not to go into the abandoned wing because it was haunted. Went anyways. Ended up being forced to help the daedric prince of madness and got a hipbone as a reward for freeing him to ravage the world. 10/10 Would help Pelagius again
game-hours: 300.3
review: Great game, amazing graphics, what can i complain about? the neverending workshop mods, so many hours of gameplay, few (if any) glitches. I could go on for 2 pages but i will just summarize it in one word, Perfect.
game-hours: 189.6
review: Like any TRUE Nord, the most powerful magic is the console. pushactoraway 000000014 9999. Enough said.
game-hours: 357.2
review: This game, This Amazing game, is worth every penny.
game-hours: 119.0
review: best game ever!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 195.1
review: great
game-hours: 74.9
review: 8/10 for the game itself; +1/10 for mods; +1/10 for Serana; =10/10 ...Oh wait! You can't marry Serana?! 9.5/10
game-hours: 130.8
review: This game is straight-up amazing. I haven't felt so engaged or drawn-in to a game's world since Baldur's Gate II. However, I've been playing this game so much, that my wife threw me an intervention. She says that my family needs me, and that I have responsibilities... but she doesn't realize the people of Whiterun need their Thane.
game-hours: 20.3
review: Skyrim, you bane of time management. Skyrim, you bane of my life. Skyrim, you bane of my boredom. Skyrim, you bane of my strife. Oh look, that rhymed.
game-hours: 85.2
review: From what I hear, everyone plays this game differently. It's cool that you can do that.....number 1. Number 2 that makes it possible to enjoy this game for , literally, years. You can go pretty deep into this world. My problem is, I get lost and forget what I'm supposed to be doing to get more money....So, inevitably, there is a murder. I'm not saying I'M the murderer. But, you know, people are broke....they need a new sword. Things happen. OK, first of all....the guy insulted me. He said something along the lines of " I knew you wouldn't have the coin anyway" .....like a snotty jerkoff at a fancy clothes store. You just want to punch the guy. Well.....in this game....you get to take a little frustration out and....what the hell...you ....er....I mean....THEY....got away with it. And anyways....You're a Dragonslayer fer crissakes....You save whole towns. It's one wee little murder.....That you know nothing about....just heard some things. heheh.
game-hours: 321.1
review: Definately one of the greatest games I have ever played, last gen game however with new immersion mods etc coming out all the time, it feels next gen. Plenty of different storylines, all completely optional. Many play styles you suit you and an all round brilliant game.
game-hours: 492.4
review: Wow! I'm not sure where to start on this grand game. I have and continue to enjoy this classic game as indicated by the many hours I have spent adventuring with my many companions. You cannot and will not be bored as long as you seek out the next few hundred quests heaped upon the hundreds of quests you have already completed. Played on a PC, this is a modders wonderland. The cinematic beauty contained within the huge open world that is Skyrim is totally awesome as evidenced by the thousands of screenshots posted each and every day on the STEAM servers. I will never "finish" this game. This is not a game to be won or finished by trying to follow the main quest lines. This game is like a fine wine; to be enjoyed by sitting by a lake and enjoying a wonderful view. Climbing that mountain in the distance. Running with your companions through the meadows and fields, Riding your horses to the next town and enjoy some brews with the villagers. Singing songs and dancing on tables. Killing vampires, werewolves, bandits, dragons, and any manner of bad guy that you can imagine. This game is only limited by limited thinkers. Enjoy this game for what it truly is, an EPIC masterpiece to be enjoyed by an adventurer. Gamers need not apply. Have fun and long live the Dragonborn!
game-hours: 225.7
review: Just Buy It! You will thank me later
game-hours: 2.1
review: just awesome, any positive word could describe it.
game-hours: 358.3
review: Almost got executed. Became a badass dragon slayer and bane of rabbits.
game-hours: 838.1
review: Kill the emperor nobody cares, attack a chicken everyone wants to kill you
game-hours: 134.7
review: Spent 10 hours trying to figure out what mod was crashing my game. 10/10
game-hours: 54.6
review: Pros: vast, vast world to explore dungeons and caves are wonderfully differentiated graphics and sound are for the most part incredible to behold Cons: Combat isnt very visceral, and victories and losses feel unearned Menus and interface are terrible While the world is wide open, most quests and dungeons are very linear Bugs abound, especially with physics I won't rant on about this game so heres a summary of it: While Skyrim does almost nothing to address the weaknesses of its predecessors, it expands on the strengths to such an extent that even its most substantial flaws seem microscopic. You may not lose yourself in the unimaginative combat and story, but the world Bethesda has created is so huge and so beautifully realized that you wont care.
game-hours: 173.8
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is one of the best pc games out there.I will definetely rate it 10/10 and it's one of the best The elder scrolls game,at least for me. Graphic is really good,and it doesn't require good pc to run.If you have good pc,you can try High resoultion texture pack.It's not that resource demanding,and it's free, This game have A LOT of quests and A LOT places to explore. There are large amount of caves,nord ruins,dwarf ruins,towns... Just be warned that this game can't be 100 % finished in one week or one month.You will need a lot more than one month to finish this ( and you can't finish 100% of game with just one save-game ) There are a lot of mods,and a lot of them are done in perfection. Game,itself is not hard to mod,so basicaly anyone ( who have time ofc ) can mod it. Serioulsly,if you haven't played this game - play it.You have no idea what have you missed. If you haven't buyed this game - buy it. It's worth 15e But buy instead Legendary Edition.It add a lot more quests and places to explore. This is one of the best games that i have ever played.
game-hours: 135.4
review: I used to be a functional productive member of society once ... but i took a copy of Skyrim to the knee
game-hours: 280.9
review: Best Game 10/10! You Can Almost Do Anything! Realistic Yet Different And Mind-Blowing! Amazing Graphics But Can Still Run On A Laptop!
game-hours: 39.6
review: In my opinion, Skyrim is a very entertaining RP game with a nice ploot line, and in my opinion, i love games that differ based on the players decisions. Skyrim is one of those games, and you ae open to many different oppurtunities no matter where you decide to go. I can't think of much else to say but, yes I believe Skyrim is worth the money!
game-hours: 1379.4
review: It's okay I guess.
game-hours: 130.1
review: I like how open it is and how there are so many things to do. You don't have to stay and go down one path, you can choose to do almost anything you want.
game-hours: 336.1
review: I like it when I download mods and my skyrim dont crash
game-hours: 121.0
review: the dleder scroll skyrin is best geam -10/-10
game-hours: 456.5
review: This game is really good, with lots of extra content! I have played this for over 300 hours, and I have not yet finished all the sidequests!
game-hours: 3.5
review: Like Far Cry 3 but without guns
game-hours: 234.0
review: Fantastic
game-hours: 17.2
review: Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods Mods
game-hours: 64.1
review: There is a reason people are still talking about this game, even though there's nothing left unsaid. Easily one of the greatest RPG classics ever made. Bethesda took everything that was right with Oblivion, streamlined, mainstreamed it, and created the phenomenon that is Skyrim. It's worth any price, but comes on sale often. Do yourself a favor and play it.
game-hours: 72.1
review: this game is awesome
game-hours: 84.3
review: You can treat this game as a serious immersive RPG and enjoy for hundreds of hours. Or you can mod this game and abuse the console commands to turn this game into a sandbox with endless possibilites and enjoy for thousands of hours. The second is only available when you play on PC however. But luckily for you, you're all on Steam AND you can get it for a measily 5 bucks on sale. To say the game is worth your money is an understatement.
game-hours: 144.0
review: Saw some kids, then I played tag with them, I tagegd one with the tip of my arrow. Didn't go well because I ended up in jail, then broke my only pick attempting to escape.... went to sleep. I saw a chicken a few miles outside of Riften killed it, then got hunted by townsfolk. Stumbled upon some sexy man with creepy eyes that called my a lost cub and he decided he wanted to try to eat me what a weirdo... killed him and his wife. Put theres bodys on their saw mill, bodys glitched and flew across the map. I then saw a mysterious talking dog, ingored him, then found a strange boy trying to summon a demon or something, got kidnapped and killed some lady (lol). Stumbled upon a small village filled with orcs and got rekted either way 10 poor dead kids out of 10.
game-hours: 6.0
review: This is the best game I have ever played, it is so realistic and pretty. WAYYYYY better then any other Elder Scrolls game.
game-hours: 97.9
review: In short: it's a very fun game, if a little flawed. My recommendation? If you choose to purchase the game, install mods. They really help to flesh out the world and smooth out many of the rougher patches in the game. The story feels very cinematic and there's a lot of things to do. Overall though I'd say it's a really good time for anyone who is a fan of fantasy RPG's.
game-hours: 215.3
review: The unmodded is a amazing however when mods are added this game reaches a whole new level. 10/10 would mod again
game-hours: 19.5
review: theres mods 9696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696969696/69
game-hours: 289.9
review: This game, has changed, my life, in many ways I thought not possible. 10/10
game-hours: 200.0
review: best bethesda game yet can spend forever playing :)
game-hours: 472.8
review: Lost GF Failed all exams at school Praising Talos At least im badass dragon slayer 10/10
game-hours: 81.3
review: This is an amazing game. Great Visuals. Great Story. This is one of my favorite games!!!! MUST HAVE!!
game-hours: 8.5
review: Very good game to jack off to... Graphics 8/10 Mods 9/10 Gameplay 8/10 Story 5/10 - there isnt really a story Download some nude mods~Skyrim will be your main hoe
game-hours: 2.8
review: After Oblivion, you think, hey let me hit this chicken... bad choice
game-hours: 13.8
review: I defently made a good choice switching from the 360 version to steam version of skyrim.
game-hours: 122.3
review: Great game with great development from the core graphics to the dynamic-ness of a chicken this game shows true passion from the developers....fyi Bethesda are the best at RPG's so YAH. Overall amazing game with great replay ability; however there are numerous bugs but they dont take away the immersion and over time it gets quite funny! 4.8 / 5 Bananas
game-hours: 2.5
review: DRAGONS!!!!!!!!!! 10/10
game-hours: 82.9
review: this game is probably one of the best, most diverse, and difficult games ive ever played.
game-hours: 606.8
review: The world of Skyrim is huge...VERY huge. It's one of the biggest action-RPGs I have ever played and one of the best, ranking alongside Zelda: Twilight Princess. You can do practically anything to your heart's content which is something many modern RPGs tend to restrict the player of. The game's focus is not based on trudging through a tale where you get to watch from the sidelines. No, the game puts the focus and emphasis on YOU, the player. The actions and quests you do will greatly, and actually, affect the game progress a lot, mainly because YOU get to decide what you want to become. Want to be a thief and steal from the rich and powerful? You can. Want to be head Arch-Mage of the most powerful college in the realm? You can. Want to become a werewolf? You can. Want to kill everyone in town? YOU CAN...provided they aren't scripted to be invincible (one of the minor flaws in this game). The developers clearly put a lot of effort into making the world of Skyrim believable; from the highest mountaintop to down to the little things such as dungeon traps and lockpicking, you will never run out of things to do. One very major flaw, and this should be obvious to anyone who's played the game, is that with so much content, the game suffers heavily on the framerate side, especially during combat, even on the lowest settings. (I was able to get the Steam version running natively on my Mac using the CrossOver engine and it actually worked!) But don't let a frame hiccup stop you from playing one of the greatest RPGs of all time. Oh, and you get to fight DRAGONS! Who doesn't love fighting dragons? UPDATE: The recent CrossOver version (14.1.02) can now run Skyrim, which means I can play it again, along with all the mods and DLC! :)
game-hours: 386.2
review: I like the fact that there is so much you can do its like the game never ends worth the money
game-hours: 110.8
review: just great i love it
game-hours: 255.9
review: It has lots of bewb mods. 11/10 - IGN
game-hours: 66.0
review: The thing about Skyrim that makes it special is its ability to help you lose yourself, it is very immersive and has alot more to it then it seems at first glance. The leveling system is spot on although the character creation is a bit lacking unless you download a few mods. All i can really say is i love this game, its taken me on adventures that i wont soon forget.
game-hours: 84.5
review: VERY GUD GAEM, GET IT NAOOOOO! I mean seriously... this game is freaking amazing!
game-hours: 1.9
review: A great RPG, since Oblivion. I recommend to all my friends
game-hours: 108.4
review: Cons - overstated graphics - repetitive quests - only 2 genders to pick from [wtf bethesda] - snow clips through walls - it's  without mods Pros + Nazeem + orcs with
game-hours: 206.8
review: Skyrim = 1% Fighting dragons 1% Shouting people to death 1% Killing Nazeem 1% Being a skilled assasin 1% Killing people 1% Fighting a civil war 1% Brutally butchering guards for starting a convesation with "I used to be an adventurer like you" 93% Fighting for your life and getting skull f***** by guards and villages for accidently pressing e on a cabbage. 10/10 Would cabbage again
game-hours: 444.4
review: There's a reason it is still one of the most played games on Steam at any given time. Buy it now.
game-hours: 60.6
review: alair is from china and has to
game-hours: 53.5
review: its the best game in all of games
game-hours: 9.0
review: cant even load the game my pc asks if it can makes changes and then wont load it
game-hours: 26.7
review: The fact you are looking at the reviews says something. Go buy it imbecile!
game-hours: 52.2
review: Whenever I play this game, I feel that I am actually the guy... I even wear a helmet with a  big axe strapped to my back when playing shouting FusRoDah at people when they walk into my room... It doesn't throw them away like it does in the game but it does give them quite a shock Buy the game and join the fight in Skyrim to thwart the dragons!!! If you dont buy this game, the boogey man will come to your house at night and fist your  with a watermelon and start calling you Dragonborn... No one wants that/, buy the game
game-hours: 205.4
review: This is, in fact, a video game that you will play for moderately long periods of time for your own personal enjoyment, whatever you may define such a thing as.
game-hours: 105.9
review: So, let me start by saying this is the first RPG game like this that I've played, and at first I thought "Eh, surely people are just bigging the game up, I doubt it'll be as good as they all say" Never have I been more wrong Skyrim instantly took a Dragonrend-style hold on my soul, from the first line of dialouge I was hooked. From there on, after learning many a word of power, I have used the thu'um for many purposes, such as making rabbits fly into the air, or setting Nazeer on fire... A lot. I have slayed dragons, become a vampire, become a werewolf, I now run the thieves guild, the Dark Brotherhood (Yet still people threaten to set them on me) and I have saved Skyrim from many dooms. This game, this game has given me meaning. Given me hope. I am Dovahkin. I am the dragonborn. Also, shouting at crabs till they die never fails to amuse me 11/10
game-hours: 205.6
review: Really? You're reading reviews for this? This game has had a consistent spot in the top ten played games on Steam since 2011, that should be enough.
game-hours: 30.7
review: It says i hardly have any time on this game, but thats unture. Ive spent countless hours on xbox and other peoples computers, and i know what this game is like. This is my favrioute game, hands down. I dont know what i would do without it. So, do i recommend it? Yes Buy it ASAP If someone wont let you, tie them up and lock them in a closet. If you dont have the money, steal someones credit card. If you cant steal, since your pickpocket and sneak is such , force someone to buy it for you. If they wont, go to Bethesda. Find their Skyrim people, and make them let you play it. If they dont, ask them to buy it for you. Now, if they dont, NOW you go to your friends and ask them. If they dont, let your rage out on them. If you still cant get a hold of this game, and you've robbed banks, killed people, gone to the moon and back , slashed through jungles and slogged through swamps, turn real life into skyrim. Just turn real life, everyday, into your own Skyrim. Then wreak havoc throughout the country side. At the end, you'll realize what you've done over trying to get a game. It would be worth it.
game-hours: 378.0
review: Skyrim was the game that got me back into PC gaming. highly immersive, absolutely beautiful & enjoyable enough to warrent a couple of play throughs. extra DLC is mostly unnecessary. with access to Nexus & Steam mods you can do all that and then some.
game-hours: 191.3
review: If you haven't played Skyrim then get out
game-hours: 128.0
review: You're a wrongfully convicted criminal, who escapes in the confusion of a dragon attack, to find out you're a dragon and you can transform in to your dragon form at any given moment and burn cities to the ground... Why wouldn't you buy this game???
game-hours: 632.4
review: This has to be my favourite game of all time! I'd never played RPGs before this, so I didn't really know what to expect. All I knew is it was big, and that attracted me to it. I played this through to 100% on vanilla settings and I thought the graphics and scenery were awesome. Then I discovered the modding community. The amount of available mods is mind blowing, to the point you can create a world so beautiful youll never want to leave. 630+ hours on multiple play throughs and modding and I dont regret a minute of it. Buy this game. 11/10
game-hours: 278.1
review: A great RPG experience. Improves heavily on the mechanics of Oblivion. Skyrim provides hundreds of hours of gameplay and builds apon its predeceer (TES:Oblivion) Graphical Fidelity is sadly not the greatest in Skyrim but mods and ENBS are available to add to the experience. But the game makes up for this with lush landscapes and mightly mountians to explore. The environments range from Snowy Mountians to the sunny town of riverrun to the towering capital Solitudes Blue Palace. Outdoors environments help build the epic atmosphere of skyrim with wildlife and bandits. But best of all. Dragons. Fighting dragons is the pinnacle experience of the game as they approach from the sky you will have to use shouts. As the dragonborn, you can use these shouts to cast a dragon from the sky to the ground, breath fire and even freeze time. As the dragonborn your primary quest will be to save the world from the almighty dragon Alduin. But not just that, you can pursuit many more quests, you can just the dark brotherhood, become a mage, join the companions and even become a bard! Skyrim is a world so engrossing that its flaws are more than made up for with its impressive open world, immersive character development and amount of incredible content. I recommend this game to Everyone, Skyrim truly is an epic experience!
game-hours: 22.3
review: this is one of the best game out there especially with all the mods
game-hours: 370.5
review: it's the best RPG in the world.  Elder Scrolls Online, Skyrim is better
game-hours: 10.0
review: This game. I have no words for how amazing it is.
game-hours: 139.7
review: Play through it once legit, then abuse cheats the rest of the playthroughs.
game-hours: 566.4
review: I got it to about 600 mods over the course of a year. I had to reset to vanilla after an ENB broke. Great experience, whether or not you mod it. I would recommend modding the graphics with 2k textures if you have a high powered machine. I run Skyrim on my laptop, which has 16 GB RAM and Nvidia GTX 860 + 2 GB vRAM. I use the ultra setting, with 2k textures and many mods. It ran smoothly even with 600 mods, until the very end. Gameplay-wise, it is an amazing and immersive game, although the beginning is very boring and not very fun. If you commit to playing, you will love it. The main questline is nice, and has a good story, although it is very bread and butter and doesnt exactly give you a lot of the lore, it is fun to do. There are countless quests for you to do, and many game-changing decisions to be made. Although there is an abundance of quests which put you miles underground fighting zombies and monsters, there is a variety of overworld activity which is fun. If the quests grow boring, just walk around and talk to people, more interesting ones will emerge. As for fast travel, unless you are in an actual hurry or in a quest, I would advise strongly against using it, because it detracts from the gameplay and takes away from the feeling of wilderness. If there are elements of the game that you want, or dont like, or want to change, use mods. Get mods from the workshop or from nexus. But be very careful about what you are doing, take some tutorials, and especially when working with ENBs, make sure to look at the screenshots or videos provided. The customizable and individualistic character creation is what I love the most about this game. I had issues with the hair of my character, so I got a few mods adding hairstyles, and a mod for a barber shop, to help satiate my indecisivity. Again, when in doubt, MODS. Although there are no classes to choose from, you can choose from a variety of races, and master multiple traits and skills. Your character will usually start as a very bland warrior type, but eventually will flesh out to have many diverse skill sets based on how you play. If you do decide to get this game, a few pointers/heads-ups for basic gameplay. 1. Stepping on loose clutter can kill you if you have no armor on or if you are at a low level. 2. Save often, or you will beat your computer to pieces whenever you die. 3. Delete old saves from your save files periodically, to keep the game running smoothely. 4. If the game crashes on start, its a mod conflict. 5. Imperials > Stormcloaks. No matter what people say. 6. Never try to take on a giant. 7. Have fun. Save, kill someone, kill whole cities, and reload the save. Do weird . Its not all quests. 8. If a guard says "I know you." Press tab and run like hell. 9. Talk to everyone. This way you will get more quests. 10. Discover every location. This way you will get more quests. 11. Take the scenic route. This way you will get more quests, more enemy encounters, and discover more places. I'd rate the game 10/10. There are few games that earn my respect as much as this one. I can't wait for TES:VI!
game-hours: 33.1
review: You, Dovahkiin, Dragonborn, are the only person capable of stopping a vast conspiracy (involving dragons) that threatens the entire empire. You face enemies who have never known defeat and strive to destroy you, yet if you blow off the main quest nothing will happen. Along the way you will encounter some horrible AI, buggy graphics, and an awful physics engine. Oh yeah, there's also a civil war in Skyrim (which no one ever sees), a Mages Guild quest line, a band of Furry wolf quest line, a Thieves Guild quest line, an Assassins Guild quest line, and a cluster of pointless quests that are only there to create the illusion that the game has more content than a  main story, but nobody really cares about that. Tl;dr, you're an invulnerable powerhouse that saves the world with you having no say in the matter. You can also eat dragon souls. While there are  that actually think of Skyrim as an RPG, it's much better to compare it with any generic MMORPG like WoW: You are running around in an open world that doesn't react to your actions (except NPCs not respawning). You are doing linear, boring dungeons with trash mobs (having trash lewtz) and boss mobs (dropping phat lewtz). You're doing repetitive quests for people who barely know you, with less story than a generic WoW quest. You have to grind for hours to level alchemy, running around like a  collecting flowers, giant's toes, bees, bee hives, butterflies, torchbugs, human flesh, deer antlers, elven ears, spider eggs, , santorum, and other  just to mix them mindlessly, trying to get crystal meth out of it instead of crap. Because that wasn't enough MMOG in Oblivion, they also added smelting, smithing, and cooking to the game. However, there are two essential differences between Skyrim and an MMORPG: First of all, in Skyrim, you can't run to Solitude showing off with your shiny new armor. While the stupid annoying NPCs comment on everything - absolutely everything, ranging from a quest you finished three in-game months ago up to your high speechcraft level you got from selling all the lewtz you made - they don't give a ing  that you're running around dressed like a ing Daedra. Oh and of course, it has no multiplayer. Secondly, MMORPGs are actually balanced. In Skyrim, on Adept (the standard difficulty level), you will soon one-hit everyone and their mothers. On Master, you will still one-hit almost everyone - but everything else will one-hit YOU. Not to mention you can actually level smithing by crafting at least 100 iron daggers, with materials costing almost nothing, and because the smith sells iron bars and leather, you just have to wait 24 hours for his inventory to reset and craft moar. After you've crafted yourself some fine armor and weapons, there is actually nothing to do in the game any more. Even a stupid Daedra dagger is more powerful than any artifacts you may encounter on your adventures - and why exactly would you want to do boring quests in boring dungeons, if not for phat lewtz? In fact, Skyrim doesn't offer any qualities you could expect from a single-player game - such as a great story, good graphics, complex game design or just lots of cutscenes. Instead, they took the same line as most MMORPGs and failed miserably. Still, 7 million s proved you don't need to make quality - or even a working game - to make money. Skyrim also features automatic movement, so you can keep one foot on your mouse and your other foot on your . Don't tell me what you do with your hands.
game-hours: 763.2
review: The fifth game of The Elder Scrolls saga, I would recommend Skyrim for it gameplay and graphics, to me the main storyline doesnt really appeal to me unlike the games before The Elder Scrolls V - Skyrim, but all an all this is one good game to play. I've loved The Elder Scrolls games while growing up, but overall my favourite Elder Scroll game would have to be Morrowind cause of the graphics of its time make the game unique in a similar way Skyrim appealls to me.
game-hours: 140.2
review: Mod Simulator 2012
game-hours: 122.8
review: Still one of the most played games and it's been out since 2011. Just a testament to how good it is!
game-hours: 91.7
review: Great game With awesome mods I rate it Ten out of Ten Its worth the money but its a heavy game not best for old and light Computers.
game-hours: 487.4
review: Great storyline, fantastic quests, some hilarious dialogue, fine mechanics, charming npcs, brilliant companions and to top it off, there's mods.
game-hours: 229.5
review: Its an older game now but I still love it!
game-hours: 789.2
review: An epic RPG, good leveling system, great music, a lot of fun, a lot of modding capabilities just awesome
game-hours: 312.3
review: Amazing game. Everyone already knows this.
game-hours: 143.9
review: Absolutely worth it. Never completed Oblivion because monsters levelled up with the character, but this time they absolutely got it right.
game-hours: 621.3
review: If you like first person RPGs, or RPGs in general, get this. If you like the other Elder Scrolls games, get this. Even if you didn't, get this. I guess what I'm saying is get this game. Now. Do it.
game-hours: 128.2
review: best game ever 10/10
game-hours: 131.0
review: Tis good, play it you filthy peasants
game-hours: 160.2
review: ing nice
game-hours: 179.7
review: 5/5
game-hours: 33.1
review: Skyrim Is One Of The Best Games You Can Buy On Steam And Is One Of The Best RPGS Of All Time. The Story Is Interesting And The Gameplay Is Amazing. There Are A Lot Of Glitches But The Graphics Are Astounding And With A Few Mods, You Can Make It Look Like It's Running On A PlayStation 4. The Music Is Amazing And Some Of The Best In Gaming. The Sound Design Is Great And The World Size Is Gigantic. The RPG Elements Are Really Deep. Skyrim Is A Must-Buy For Any Steam Gamer. Overall Score:9.6/10
game-hours: 100.3
review: uta,kot palainka na toasteru, dragoni so tak KUL <3
game-hours: 242.2
review: No other game has ever hooked me into an open world of such enormous size and amazed me with such a gargantuan amount of content. Wherever I travelled in this mammoth of a game, I kept stumbling upon more quests to complete. Ive put over 100 hours into this, yet I feel like Ive only scratched the surface of what there is to find. Unfortunately, the amount of trivial imperfections in-between all of Skyrims good qualities put together escalates into quite an issue, and it ends up being that ultimate obstacle which stops the game on its way to reaching prime status. Nevertheless, that does not matter. The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is one of the finest role-playing games ever made and the most addictive and fully-featured open world Ive ever been to in gaming. Furthermore - with future updates & patches, as well as free mods, it will only get better and perhaps one day it will reach the 10/10 grade. In the end, Skyrim is an extraordinary game that shouldnt be missed by anyone.
game-hours: 27.0
review: Great game! has great graphics and is extemely diverse!
game-hours: 1349.0
review: This game is an easier to understand version of past Elder Scrolls games, fairly large sandbox but smaller compared to TES4 however, this game contains more content per square foot, with an absurd amount of quests. Good game. It is easy for people new to Elder Scrolls and sandbox rpgs to get into. As a stand alone game, it is very good, could be the best fantasy sandbox rpg to come out for 5-7 years. the dlc refines this game, though it is not entirely needed for a great experience. The modding community is massive for this game, and credit to them for letting players choose what they want in their gameplay experience. At this point the sky is the limit when it comes to modding, allowing players to fix most of the problems with the game. need bugfixes, mods do that need new weapon designs and choices, mods do that. want the game to look better, mods do that. want to balence out the game more, mods do that. It is a different style of game than tesIII/tesIV but still a very good game. Buy it, still better than the $60 games people are releasing three years later.
game-hours: 84.0
review: By far one of the most entertainign games I've ever played in my life. The atmosphere and gameplay is absolutely breathtaking, not to mention the feeling you get when you play the game. Bethesda once proved themself and with this game they made the statement that their games are fenomenal. About the game: +Little is required to run the game. +Even if you have the iest pc, this game runs perfect. +The graphics are spectacular, even on the lowest settings possible. +The DLC's are a nice bonus to have. +You can play the game over and over again +Over 100 hours gameplay possible. +Mods downloads are available to make the game even more interesting through the Workshop. -Game still have some minor issues in it. -Sometime a glitch might appear. -The quickload/quicksave system can become corrupeted at some points, which will force you to restart at a certain point, which you have allready cleared, meaning that you'll have to do it all over again. With other words, this game is a MUST HAVE!
game-hours: 267.6
review: kick
game-hours: 237.0
review: Good
game-hours: 3762.1
review: 3000+ hours....what more can I say? Seriously...I've spent too much time in Skyrim. Buy this at your own peril...
game-hours: 376.5
review: 98% of all ratings for this game are positive. If you know you like these kinds of games, what else do you need to know? It's a single player game that was released in 2011, yet still is very popular and has a very active modding community! There's so much I love about this game, I couldn't possibly write it all down here. For just about every feature I don't like, which there aren't all that many of, there's a mod that fixes it. Don't like that your skills are capped at 100? There's a mod for that. I have a character who has an alteration skill of 150. Don't like the animations, or just got tired of them? There are hundreds of mods for that. Can't find armor or weapons that you like? There are thousands of mods for that. Found armor or a weapon that you like, but it's vastly inferior to some other armors you found? Download the creation kit and you can give that armor or weapon you like the same stats as the better armors in like 5 minutes. While this game does live up to its reputation of being buggy, most of the bugs I encounter have something to do with the 40 something mods I have installed to customize my experiance. There are community mods that fix a good deal of the more serious ones, too. While some people may see the modding comunity as the 'easy way out' for the developers to take, to make the community do their work for them, that's just them trying to find an excuse to say something negative about the game. Anyone with any sense at all can see that active modding communities are great for a game's longevity. If it weren't for some of the mods I have, I might not still play Skyrim all that much, and almost definitely wouldn't be reccomending it as highly as I am now. Even without mods, Skryim is still a great game. I'm currently on my 3rd playthrough, and despite the fact that I thought I had run out of things to do on my original playthrough, I've found something new with every one. So all in all, Skyrim gets an 8/10. With all the DLC's, 9/10. Add mods to that, and you got yourself a 10/10 from me!
game-hours: 471.7
review: Best game in the series in my opinion. Still has some kinks to work out, but very enjoyable and easy to jump into and just go, something the other TES games tended to falter with. The action is fast, the story is good and the world is incredibly immersive and beautiful.
game-hours: 1.5
review: I can only imagine the face of the guard that was witnessing some random individual in front of him changes sexes and races within seconds for maybe 2 hours straight without interference.
game-hours: 177.7
review: The base version of this game was amazing. It had the looks, a great story, tons of items, lots to do but then you start adding mods and it becomes legendary. If you dont own this game idk why, either you are a pleb or you hate RTS games. Buy it now!!!
game-hours: 0.7
review: Even though I beat this game several times on the PS3, I still had to have it for keeps on the PC. This is by far my favorite part of the series in the Elder Scrolls Collection.
game-hours: 70.4
review: No lollygagging. After Fallout, i was intrigued by this game. Everyone was recommending it to me. I took an arrow to the knee and a leap of faith. Bethesda, i love you guys. Thanks for such an experience ! Graphics, story, gameplay, characters etc... I was completely immersed. Recommended all day.
game-hours: 75.3
review: 10 reasons why I love Skyrim: 1. In combat you can have a lunch break: eat a truck load of bread, cheese rolls, apples. Don't worry, your enemy will wait. 2.The shout FUS RO DAH has two uses: in combat and removing your braindead AI partner out of the way. 3.Can achieve suborbital flight thousands of years ahead of spaceflight (aka get hit by a giant). 4.There are more dragons then soldiers in cities. 5.Carry trillion arrows and gold - no wight. Carry about 10 scales: overweight BI*CH. 6.Bandits have better equipment then guards. 7.Can kill hundreds, can't kill a Captain of a camp. 8.Don't have sleep for years, rest 8 hours - well rested bonus. 9.All people think you are a psychologist: they tell all of their problems. 10.Save a town from a dragon attack, the next day none of the residents give a damn.
game-hours: 96.2
review: The questline for Skyrim is epic to say the least and the variety of side-quests and other shenanigans makes the replay value infinite. The ability to mod your game is priceless and creates even more possibilties. The DLC's are kick-a$$ and if you can pick up the Legendary Addtion, by all means do so. However, approximately 5 voice actors were used in the entire game. Oh yeah, "I took an arrow to the knee" is a metaphor for marriage. When you propose you get down on one knee, hence taking an arrow to the knee. Yiur welcome and you may now stop using that joke. Thank you.
game-hours: 74.7
review: 11/10 would bang
game-hours: 310.6
review: Eh...
game-hours: 370.5
review: it's the best RPG in the world.  Elder Scrolls Online, Skyrim is better
game-hours: 6.3
review: Pretty good
game-hours: 278.1
review: A great RPG experience. Improves heavily on the mechanics of Oblivion. Skyrim provides hundreds of hours of gameplay and builds apon its predeceer (TES:Oblivion) Graphical Fidelity is sadly not the greatest in Skyrim but mods and ENBS are available to add to the experience. But the game makes up for this with lush landscapes and mightly mountians to explore. The environments range from Snowy Mountians to the sunny town of riverrun to the towering capital Solitudes Blue Palace. Outdoors environments help build the epic atmosphere of skyrim with wildlife and bandits. But best of all. Dragons. Fighting dragons is the pinnacle experience of the game as they approach from the sky you will have to use shouts. As the dragonborn, you can use these shouts to cast a dragon from the sky to the ground, breath fire and even freeze time. As the dragonborn your primary quest will be to save the world from the almighty dragon Alduin. But not just that, you can pursuit many more quests, you can just the dark brotherhood, become a mage, join the companions and even become a bard! Skyrim is a world so engrossing that its flaws are more than made up for with its impressive open world, immersive character development and amount of incredible content. I recommend this game to Everyone, Skyrim truly is an epic experience!
game-hours: 632.4
review: This has to be my favourite game of all time! I'd never played RPGs before this, so I didn't really know what to expect. All I knew is it was big, and that attracted me to it. I played this through to 100% on vanilla settings and I thought the graphics and scenery were awesome. Then I discovered the modding community. The amount of available mods is mind blowing, to the point you can create a world so beautiful youll never want to leave. 630+ hours on multiple play throughs and modding and I dont regret a minute of it. Buy this game. 11/10
game-hours: 229.5
review: Its an older game now but I still love it!
game-hours: 91.7
review: Great game With awesome mods I rate it Ten out of Ten Its worth the money but its a heavy game not best for old and light Computers.
game-hours: 487.4
review: Great storyline, fantastic quests, some hilarious dialogue, fine mechanics, charming npcs, brilliant companions and to top it off, there's mods.
game-hours: 122.8
review: Still one of the most played games and it's been out since 2011. Just a testament to how good it is!
game-hours: 84.3
review: I'm not going to write a big review for this game, because it's been talked about so much by pretty much everyone already. The amount of playtime you can get from this game is staggering. The atmosphere and immersion is also awesome. Based on that alone, the game is worth it any way you put it. That said, the game has a lot of problems. Combat becomes boring real fast. Most places you visit looks just like everything you've already seen. The amount quests is just insane, and you're going to be really dissapointed eventually as you discover you're never going to finish them all, without ruining the experience along the way. And the road is long. Incredibly long. I don't think I'm even close to finishing this game. The problem is that I don't think I can find the motivation to go on. There are a lot of mods available to offer tweaks and different experiences alltogether, but the base game is what it is. I prefer the newer Fallout games over this one, but even though there are lots of stuff that annoy me about Skyrim, it's an undeniably successful game that deserves being played. It's worth it. I'm really looking forward to the next game from Bethesda.
game-hours: 82.7
review: SKYRIM BELONGS TO THE NORDS!! FOS RO DAAH!!! SRSLY ONE OF THE BEST GAMES EVAR
game-hours: 13.4
review: Must buy game
game-hours: 695.9
review: I think time spend in this game tells the story nearly 700h of gameplay and I still love to return to Skyrim. Buy play enjoy! P.S. Keep Calmn and FUS-RO-DAH!
game-hours: 104.0
review: run around as cat man shout people off of cliffs mod game to hell game crashes it's pretty cool
game-hours: 140.2
review: Mod Simulator 2012
game-hours: 237.0
review: Good
game-hours: 376.5
review: 98% of all ratings for this game are positive. If you know you like these kinds of games, what else do you need to know? It's a single player game that was released in 2011, yet still is very popular and has a very active modding community! There's so much I love about this game, I couldn't possibly write it all down here. For just about every feature I don't like, which there aren't all that many of, there's a mod that fixes it. Don't like that your skills are capped at 100? There's a mod for that. I have a character who has an alteration skill of 150. Don't like the animations, or just got tired of them? There are hundreds of mods for that. Can't find armor or weapons that you like? There are thousands of mods for that. Found armor or a weapon that you like, but it's vastly inferior to some other armors you found? Download the creation kit and you can give that armor or weapon you like the same stats as the better armors in like 5 minutes. While this game does live up to its reputation of being buggy, most of the bugs I encounter have something to do with the 40 something mods I have installed to customize my experiance. There are community mods that fix a good deal of the more serious ones, too. While some people may see the modding comunity as the 'easy way out' for the developers to take, to make the community do their work for them, that's just them trying to find an excuse to say something negative about the game. Anyone with any sense at all can see that active modding communities are great for a game's longevity. If it weren't for some of the mods I have, I might not still play Skyrim all that much, and almost definitely wouldn't be reccomending it as highly as I am now. Even without mods, Skryim is still a great game. I'm currently on my 3rd playthrough, and despite the fact that I thought I had run out of things to do on my original playthrough, I've found something new with every one. So all in all, Skyrim gets an 8/10. With all the DLC's, 9/10. Add mods to that, and you got yourself a 10/10 from me!
game-hours: 310.6
review: Eh...
game-hours: 96.2
review: The questline for Skyrim is epic to say the least and the variety of side-quests and other shenanigans makes the replay value infinite. The ability to mod your game is priceless and creates even more possibilties. The DLC's are kick-a$$ and if you can pick up the Legendary Addtion, by all means do so. However, approximately 5 voice actors were used in the entire game. Oh yeah, "I took an arrow to the knee" is a metaphor for marriage. When you propose you get down on one knee, hence taking an arrow to the knee. Yiur welcome and you may now stop using that joke. Thank you.
game-hours: 75.3
review: 10 reasons why I love Skyrim: 1. In combat you can have a lunch break: eat a truck load of bread, cheese rolls, apples. Don't worry, your enemy will wait. 2.The shout FUS RO DAH has two uses: in combat and removing your braindead AI partner out of the way. 3.Can achieve suborbital flight thousands of years ahead of spaceflight (aka get hit by a giant). 4.There are more dragons then soldiers in cities. 5.Carry trillion arrows and gold - no wight. Carry about 10 scales: overweight BI*CH. 6.Bandits have better equipment then guards. 7.Can kill hundreds, can't kill a Captain of a camp. 8.Don't have sleep for years, rest 8 hours - well rested bonus. 9.All people think you are a psychologist: they tell all of their problems. 10.Save a town from a dragon attack, the next day none of the residents give a damn.
game-hours: 74.7
review: 11/10 would bang
game-hours: 444.1
review: Skyrim is probably the best fetch quest simulator ever maybe. I dunno. 10/10 - IGN
game-hours: 110.8
review: Great game, one of the best RPGs.
game-hours: 6.3
review: Pretty good
game-hours: 57.8
review: This game is pretty amazing. I got it when it came out 4 years ago and have spent hours overall across this and the XBOX playing it. The game is much better with mods but can get glitchy. Just experiment and have fun. 95/100
game-hours: 480.3
review: This game is one of my favorite games and plus there are many mods to make the game more fun!
game-hours: 35.1
review: This is a fantastic game! Don't be fooled by my recorded hours on Steam; I've logged more hours than I can count playing this game on the XBOX 360. Bethesda has done a tremendous job creating an entire universe that you are free to explore and interact with in any way you choose, right down to who your character is, what he/she can do, and how he/she looks. There is so much to do all the time, so you can always do something different each time you play. The graphics are terrific, and the environment in Skyrim is absolutely beautiful. Bethesda's attention to detail is exquisite, and the general look of the game shows how much effort they've put into their graphics. Overall, the gameplay is great. The combat controls are very simple, which makes it easy to fight your enemies. Leveling up your character and choosing different skills to hone are also very simple tasks. It's easy to play as a warrior, mage, thief, or a mixture. You can be anything or anyone you want to be in this game. The story lines are good as well. There are all sorts of story lines that you can play through in addition to the main quest, and all of the ones I've played through have been quite enjoyable. On a scale of 1 to 10, I'd give Skyrim a 9.5. When you play it, you see why it's such an acclaimed, well-respected game.
game-hours: 103.6
review: There's something special about an Elder Scrolls game. It's easy to get lost in and is the closest experience I've had to actually living in a fantasy world. If you embrace the game then it will reward you with hundred hours in a rich and magical world.
game-hours: 59.9
review: A godlike and peniultimate RPG, Skyrim. With a story of dragons returning, making dragon age seem like a total piece crap! 10/10 THIS GAME IS MORE THAN A STEAL AT 20 DOLLAS
game-hours: 298.3
review: By the Gods.... this game is holy.
game-hours: 33.5
review: Its a old game, and its image quality is not the best(without DLC), but i still love it.
game-hours: 23.5
review: One of the few (if not the only) games where I think it was worth its original $60 price tag. The modding community makes it worth even more. Great game. I'm sure you have heard of it. Just don't but the DLC unless you have played over 50 hours of this game, because it would be hard to know if you even need more than is already given. Plus the DLC are never on sale. Hundreds of hours of entertainment guarenteed by this game, and then add on top the mods. Good stuff. Its like the feeling of discovery that Fallout 3 and New Vegas had (around every corner is something good to find that was different than the last corner) combined with the uniqueness of Morrowind. Basically it took the emphasis on graphics from oblivion (which although was amazing for its time is rather bland today even compared to morrowind a game much older than it.) and the creativity from Morrowind. Only complaint is the weather system ( I like to see everything around me), but that is easily turned off with an .ini command. i'm 90% that anybody already considering buying this will be blown away by the quality and replayability of this game. Plus 3-5 years from now all the big major overhaul projects for the game should be coming out. and those are free (look up Nehrim for obilvion, far better than obilvion, it was like skyrim before skyrim came out [minus the dragons])
game-hours: 81.8
review: You have probably heard of how this game is fantastic. You probably also heard about how amazing the PC version is. Well they're right. You can have absolutely stunning visuals with the aid of mods (check my screenshots if you want), the amount of storylines availible is huge, even simple dungeon crawling is immersive, and pretty much every minor flaw in the game is covered by the amazing mod community. Great buy for 9.99 An absolute steal for 4.99
game-hours: 36.1
review: Definetly one of my favorite games OF ALL TIME! If you like the Elder Scrolls franchise, or just like adventure, buy this game NOW!Sure it's glitchy, but if you overlook that, it is so fun! it's an open world with a seemingly endless amount fo side quests. I recomend this game to anyone and everyone. You can play this game for years and not do everything. I have owned this game for a couple years, (on xbox and PC) and have only scratched the surface of what you can do inthis game.There's the mage's college for mages. There's the Dark Brotherhood for assasins There's the Theive's guild for theives. SOrry if this is turning into a gush fest, but if you are considering playing this game, DO IT! Buy it. You won't be disapointed
game-hours: 151.3
review: Very good and addictive solo-game! Highly recommend!
game-hours: 241.1
review: This is by all accounts, an AMAZING game. Even though it's story does not match up to what it's predecessor, Oblivion had, it is still very good. The limit on what you can do in the game is virtually non-existent! Also, there are hundreds of side quests you can do, some of them you can repeat. The 3 DLC's that have been released for the game, Hearthfire, Dawnguard and Dragonborn also add a lot more. In Hearthfire, you can build your own home from scratch, in Dawnguard, you choose a side, and it has a lot of cool stuff. In Dragonborn, it adds a whole new world! Even if you don't want to do something in the game, you are not forced to (unless you count the opening quest)! This game is worth the price.
game-hours: 631.5
review: An amazing and immersive game. I have played over 600 hours. It has its glitches but they mainly range from odd to funny. If you like RPG's check it out.
game-hours: 1068.1
review: My favorite game of all time, the adventuring, the exploring, it's just fantastic. If you're in an adventurin' mood then don't even hesitate to get this game!
game-hours: 84.3
review: I'm not going to write a big review for this game, because it's been talked about so much by pretty much everyone already. The amount of playtime you can get from this game is staggering. The atmosphere and immersion is also awesome. Based on that alone, the game is worth it any way you put it. That said, the game has a lot of problems. Combat becomes boring real fast. Most places you visit looks just like everything you've already seen. The amount quests is just insane, and you're going to be really dissapointed eventually as you discover you're never going to finish them all, without ruining the experience along the way. And the road is long. Incredibly long. I don't think I'm even close to finishing this game. The problem is that I don't think I can find the motivation to go on. There are a lot of mods available to offer tweaks and different experiences alltogether, but the base game is what it is. I prefer the newer Fallout games over this one, but even though there are lots of stuff that annoy me about Skyrim, it's an undeniably successful game that deserves being played. It's worth it. I'm really looking forward to the next game from Bethesda.
game-hours: 82.7
review: SKYRIM BELONGS TO THE NORDS!! FOS RO DAAH!!! SRSLY ONE OF THE BEST GAMES EVAR
game-hours: 13.4
review: Must buy game
game-hours: 695.9
review: I think time spend in this game tells the story nearly 700h of gameplay and I still love to return to Skyrim. Buy play enjoy! P.S. Keep Calmn and FUS-RO-DAH!
game-hours: 104.0
review: run around as cat man shout people off of cliffs mod game to hell game crashes it's pretty cool
game-hours: 52.1
review: 10/10 would bang.
game-hours: 37.5
review: Beautiful, fascinating game with basically endless content. You can play for your entire life and not see all of Skyrim. The only downside is the voice acting is pretty much exactly what you'd expect from an Elder Scrolls game. Lol.
game-hours: 167.0
review: Great game, worth the money. the modding community is great and gives you a great variety of ways to enhance the game.
game-hours: 305.7
review: You can be a lizard. I became a lizard. Now I'm a lizard. Lizards looked absolutely ugly in Morrowind and Oblivion. Skyrim made lizards look good. SKYRIM MADE THEM LIZARDS LOOK GOOD. TEN OUTTA IN' TEN
game-hours: 564.8
review: this game is amazing. there is so much to do and even when you think you are done theres more side quests and mods to further enhance the game play. two thumbs up.
game-hours: 262.8
review: Love this game!!! <3
game-hours: 141.3
review: I haven't played much, it's ok i guess
game-hours: 71.1
review: Skyrim. Nuff Said. 10/10!
game-hours: 254.2
review: It was 8 PM when I started, now its 9 AM.
game-hours: 196.8
review: Skyrim Is dank
game-hours: 540.5
review: You would'nt really spend 500+ hrs on a crap game.
game-hours: 246.4
review: In my vast collection of RPGs, Skyrim rates as the most polished and engrossing adventure I have played. The replay ability is amazing when you add in the free mods found in the Steam Workshop. Although I play it on a high end PC, I also play it via a VM on my iMac and even with the graphics turned down it looks lovely and performs well. Well worth the money and a good investment for the long term.
game-hours: 40.5
review: Great rpg
game-hours: 59.7
review: Extremely addicting RPG Open-World. A fantastic game. Thats all you need to know. NOTE: This game will consume your life... ITS A TRAP!!
game-hours: 66.9
review: This game is a masterpeice. Ive played this loads on xbox and have started playing on pc so i can enjoy the dlc (you can buy the dlc on xbox edition.) Alot of the negative reviews say its boring untill you mod which yes it dose make it more fun but if you're pc cant handle the mods dont worry, Youre not missing out on anything too major. I could reccomend this to any gamer, casual, underground, competetive ect ect. The reason that this game so good is the combination of its 2 main elements: 1) The story is epic (no major spoilers here.) You can kill dragons and even better its your duty to do so. There are thousands of side quests and guilds you can join which all have there own in depth storylines that keep on intresting you. 2) You can do whatever the hell you want, Dont like the stroy? Fine go hike up a mountain searching for rare plants. Go assasinate a whole village. Go scream at old men and push people off cliffs. The list is endless. You can be a assasin mage, which there many unique schools of magic, a tank a alchemist, a blacksmith again possibilties is endless. The mix of epic questing and doing random gubbins like stealing people clothes right of their backs is what makes Sikyrim Skyrim. (Also killing the emperor is fun!)
game-hours: 5.5
review: Excellent Game, Great Graphics and Gameplay. Hours of fun and always something to do. PC Version I find more fun than Console
game-hours: 47.5
review: I love this game. By far my favorite game. I have recorded over 400 hundred hours on 3 different gaming systems. 10/10. MUST BUY!!
game-hours: 65.8
review: I lost my love life, ed up my studies and developed a nifty case of dry eyes by playing this game ...would do it again ...9/10
game-hours: 344.9
review: Best game so far in the RPG Genre END OF!
game-hours: 182.9
review: The ultimate open-world RPG with many hours of gameplay. It features highly detailed characters and realistic interactions, extensive skill tree and levelling system, carefully crafted quests with good balance between combat skills and wits; the dynamic world features amazing details of nature and the built environment. A 'must buy' if you have enjoyed previous Elder Scrolls titles; and a good buy if you are looking to get started in this series. The new legendary edition looks like a great buy because of the legendary difficulty and the additional option to do mounted combat and master all skills, being unavailable otherwise. However, full appreciation of the game requires computer with fairly good specs and a decent monitor. As per Elder Scrolls games, there are lots of glitches and bugs in the early stages of the game; although most have been fixed since, some still remain. But overall, being a Game of the Year is still an understatement.
game-hours: 328.0
review: It has vikings in it. BUY THIS NOW.
game-hours: 82.8
review: "like Far Cry 3 without guns 10/10" -machinima
game-hours: 83.0
review: Accidently stole a plate trying to talk to a NPC, from the towns reaction I can only assume I was worse than Hitler.
game-hours: 151.0
review: Let's talk Skyrim for a minute. This game is the life you always wanted but never had. Bullies pick on you sometimes? Not in Skyrim. Use your arcane abilities to set their bodies aflame and watch them die slowly in agony. Want to join a cult but can't find one that fits your personal mix of homocidal insanity and sexual preference? Not in Skyrim. Travel to a variety of shrines built to demonic entities and offer your body and soul in service to your new dark lord. Have trouble with the ladies? Not in Skyrim. Perform a menial task such as getting a mammoth bone for a naive shopkeeper and have her instantly ready to take your mammoth bone for life. It's basically life with more swag and murder. What more could you ask for? 11/10
game-hours: 392.6
review: This game is the one that myself and most of my friends have probably spent the msot hours playing. You can ignore the main quest if you like and just explore. The endless mods availble will breathe fresh new life into the game whenever it starts to feel old. It doesn't have the same depth that Morrowind had, but it's certainly an improvement over Oblivion. What's really nice is that you're never stuck into a certain class and there are no strict race/class restrictions. You can be what you want. Wann be a mostly naked orc who pummels the world with his fists? A wrathful necromancer with a fetish for collecting sweetrolls? A sneaky, theiving assassin herbalist? There's a lot of room for exploration.
game-hours: 144.4
review: This is Skyrim, what do you expect. It's big, awesome, but after a time get's really boring. Except if you install mods. With mods it stays awesome, even after the 30 hours of main quests. Recommend, but only with the intention to install mods after a while.
game-hours: 84.5
review: Breathtaking. Unless of course you're playing it on a console.
game-hours: 43.4
review: Possibly the best game I have ever played! The gameplay is great, graphics are great, and the gameplay goes on forever! And if you get bored with the storyline, You can go get one of it's DLC's! Five out of five!
game-hours: 166.4
review: Its Good. Play it.
game-hours: 76.2
review: One of the greatest games ever. Of all time.
game-hours: 94.9
review: This is my most favorite game of all time. I owned it on console, having roughly 300 hours, before I got it here on Steam. You can never go wrong with getting this game. It is truly a masterpiece. There is an unlimited amount of playing time on here between the game itself, (which would take years to finish fully) DLC and mods, which add an amazing amount of extra time and fun to this already incredible game. If you're on the fence about getting this game, trust me you wont be disappointed. You can shout to burn things on fire! There is a huge variety of armor to choose from and a crazy amount of weapons. If you like magic, theres always hilarious moments using your extremely long of spells. If I had to live with one game for the rest of my life it would be this, hands down! 1000000000000000000000000000000000/10 GET THIS GAME!!
game-hours: 452.6
review: Best Game Ever, no game will never overdue this game! Buy for sure
game-hours: 855.1
review: One of the best RPGs of all time. Massive, immersing, epic!
game-hours: 945.6
review: For my money, the best role-playing game ever made. While far from perfect (outdated combat style, repetitive character voice-acting), this game offers so much in terms of exploration, lore and sheer fun.
game-hours: 305.7
review: You can be a lizard. I became a lizard. Now I'm a lizard. Lizards looked absolutely ugly in Morrowind and Oblivion. Skyrim made lizards look good. SKYRIM MADE THEM LIZARDS LOOK GOOD. TEN OUTTA IN' TEN
game-hours: 37.5
review: Beautiful, fascinating game with basically endless content. You can play for your entire life and not see all of Skyrim. The only downside is the voice acting is pretty much exactly what you'd expect from an Elder Scrolls game. Lol.
game-hours: 167.0
review: Great game, worth the money. the modding community is great and gives you a great variety of ways to enhance the game.
game-hours: 141.3
review: I haven't played much, it's ok i guess
game-hours: 71.1
review: Skyrim. Nuff Said. 10/10!
game-hours: 40.3
review: Best medieval game since chivalry.
game-hours: 2.0
review: Best. Game. Ever. 10/10
game-hours: 16.7
review: good game, good story, 5/5
game-hours: 103.8
review: Deep world with an endless list of things to do. It's a great exploration experience in which the non-planned found-by-mistake side-quests are usually the best. The only "black spot" is its combat. It's too simple and repetitive, and you end up facing all confrontations with the same strategy and skills. If core combat was more polished and deep, it would be my game. When I got bored of the "Vanilla" game, I started modding. I spent half of my playtime applying mods. And everything changed when I started using an ENB, Made the game look astonishlingly beautiful. Totally recommended, specially with mods. Modding database:
game-hours: 398.4
review: It's Skyrim. Enough said.
game-hours: 559.7
review: Skyrim is probably one of the best games i've ever played in my life. After 400 hours of gameplay i still discover new quests, dungeons and it never gets boring! 10/10 ~ Vanilla Game 1000/10 ~ With Mods
game-hours: 500.4
review: Unbelievable depth and immersion...even after all these years of playing it is still providing new thrills every time I log in
game-hours: 306.1
review: It's okay.
game-hours: 264.4
review: Best Game EVEEEERRR
game-hours: 377.7
review: Great time playing this game, totally recommend to anyone!
game-hours: 15.0
review: >Played first mission >Installed Breast and Butt physics mod >Fapped 10/10 Would fap again
game-hours: 107.3
review: Say goodbye to your social life. 10/10
game-hours: 1047.4
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is one of the bestselling games on Steam, and theres a reason for that. Its a vast world with an immense amount of lore, probably more than any other game. The lore behind Skyrim can be discovered through the Unofficial Elder Scrolls Pages (UESP) or the Skyrim Wiki. But this lore only adds to the already amazing game that Skyrim is, with its amazing combat, quests, and world. Skyrims open world can be accessed almost immediately after a short tutorial. This tutorial is very well done. It quickly sums up the current events in the Province of Skyrim and then throws you straight into the action after you create you create your character. The Character Creation system is amazing with lots of options and ten races to choose from. The only problem here is with the choice of who to follow when entering the Keep. Your choice here can affect the Civil War quest-line by eliminating that character from it depending on which side you choose. And with so little information on the Civil War, it can be confusing and difficult for a first timer to choose. When you complete the tutorial, you have the option to either explore the open World and be free to do as you please, or follow the main quest-line. Skyrim is a vast open world, it would take hundreds of hours to fully explore. There are five default quest-lines with about 10-15 quests each, not to mention the two added in Dragonborn and Dawnguard. While some of these quest-lines may be a bit bland, most are more than worth your time to play through. There are also hundreds of miscellaneous and side quests to enjoy in the world, and hundreds of NPCs to speak with. You can choose whatever path you want, whether that be an Assassin with Heavy Armor, or a Barbarian who dabbles in magic. The perks and skill-trees are vast in Skyrim. There is no set path for your character, you can be whoever you want. That means no classes or character types and such. If you want to play Skyrim mods are virtually required. Mods like Frostfall or Wet and cold add to realism in the game, while other mods like Climates of Tamriel and aMidianBorns Book of Silence make things look a lot better. Quest mods like Moonpath to Elswyre and the unforgettable Falskaar spice up the game by adding new content and entirely new lands to explore. Player Home mods give you a new place to hang out and store your loot. Follower mods give you new companions to accompany you in your travels throughout Skyrim. If you are going to use mods, I recommend going to Skyrims Nexus page and downloading their manager or Mod Organizer. Also, check out Gopher on YouTube for modding tutorials and showcases. Mods add to the already vast world that Skyrim is, they make the world twice as amzing. That said, Skyrim is one of the best games ever created, 9.5/10. Its definitely worth checking out.
game-hours: 40.3
review: Best medieval game since chivalry.
game-hours: 11.3
review: Made Ronald McDonald in the character creator. Hella awesome game right there.
game-hours: 196.3
review: The game itself is OK but with mods this i ing awesome. Bethesda did the groundwork and the many mod authors on nexus, steam workshop and other sites made it better. 8/8 no h8 m8 pls. (i know my joke was so original) seriously though 10/10
game-hours: 75.8
review: I played this game on the Xbox 360, and let me tell you, it did not disappoint. A few months ago I bought the PC version but never really played it. I decided one day that it is time to start playing this game once more. As always will never disappoint. Quite possibly one of the best games ever in my opinion. Can an RPG get any better? I think not. 100/10 Best Yet.
game-hours: 237.1
review: ONE of the best if not the best game I ever PLAYED!!!!
game-hours: 500.8
review: While not having the complexity of the other elder scrolls games skyrim delivers a good experience and plenty of game time for any who enjoy the series or a good rpg.
game-hours: 58.6
review: Best game evah
game-hours: 19.0
review: Most Awesome Open World RPG Game Ever !! 10/10 !!
game-hours: 43.0
review: If you want to play a game that has the features of a badass medieval story than this is it. With what seems like endless quests and well thoughtout and detailed strings of multiple story lines, this is by far one of the best games of all time.
game-hours: 49.0
review: A very well done RPG with lots of dragons, magic and weapons, a nice open world. Would like to see a bit more variation in outside environments though.
game-hours: 164.3
review: A long time ago I bought this game, well let me start this off right. A long time ago my son bought this game, I was so impressed with it I bought a copy too. I hadnt played it since then and just a few days ago I picked it back up. RIght away I was drawn into a world of magic and sorcery filled with dragons and odd little creatures and not to meation beings that would sooner rip your arm off and beat you to death with it. I want to start with the storyline here, and dont worry I wont spoil it for you. The story for each and every charactor draws you in, with many side quest quest that are just as fasinating. They are deep and rich, but what really gets you is as you roam you are discovering differnent places where the weather changes and the scenery. Be sure to check out the steam worshop where users whom love this game have added to the detail of the game and made what was great to begin with even better. The grapics are absoultuly amazing, and like I said before the graphics are truly beautiful and amazing. You could even get lost in them, believeing you can just reach right through your screen and jump right into this wonderful world. The open world is so astounding to be in, you feel you can just freeroam forever, talking to NPCs, but look out every action does have a reaction in the game, for instance if you steal or kill certian things and are caught you will be hated sometimes even chased by guards or worse yet even punished by means of death. So beware what you do. One amzing thing I love is doing screenshots and showing them off in the community, you could use the steam screenshot program or the PC hotkey and then if you have any kind of photo software, you can really turn out some amazing artwork from the game to showcase for steam communtiy or up load to your socal network. All in all this game is extremely relaxing and will draw you right into an amazing world created by Bethesda game studios. I highly recommend this game for everyone on planet earth.
game-hours: 83.1
review: I'm having an issue with this game at the moment, whenever I start this game my dog, Bernard, gets all riled up when he sees the starting screen! That pup doesn't know when to stop when he sees it and just starts barkin' his little mouth off! Please fix this game, for Bernard.
game-hours: 21.7
review: I bought this game when it came out..it was my first preorder game ever...And i still play it and love evry second of this game, from combat to stealth...it never gets old 10/10 would play till 2099
game-hours: 167.7
review: 10/10 Like Fallout with swords
game-hours: 530.6
review: Saved riverwood from a dragon Accidentally killed a chicken Everyone wants to kill me 10/10
game-hours: 19.3
review: Skyrim, the game where you can bug your save files, speedrun using plates and die in seconds while being a vampire. 10/10
game-hours: 132.7
review: AMAZING, mods on the workshop and on the nexus are awsome Gameplay 10/10 (interesting combat) Quests 9/10 (Most are very fun only a couple are boring) mods 10/10 (i suggest immersive armor and weapon) (on nexus only) Faction 9/10 (The factions are cool and also u can get more with mods) (without mods ones are imperial,stormclock,dark brotherhood(assassins),theifs Guild and more! Graphics 10/10 (stunning) Overall 9 1/2 /10 Btw game is UNDER PRICED its worth probley around 40 bucks not 30
game-hours: 64.3
review: FUS-RO-DAH
game-hours: 53.7
review: I love this game its beautiful
game-hours: 19.3
review: So this is probably the greatest game ever made. Skyrim is an open world RPG with tons of gameplay, quests, activities and all round awesomeness. It is one of those games that take you right into the story and it keeps getting better. If you are still wondering about getting Skyrim, you should. Skyrim is an absolutely epic game that is pure perfection.
game-hours: 125.2
review: This game is amazing! The base game has hours of gameplay and content to explore and unlock but it really shines when you start downloading mods from the steam workshop. There are so many talented modders making new content for the game all the time. Steam also has a free kit with which you can create your own mods and publish on the workshop! Skyrim has a lot of replay value as it is very hard to play two saves exactly the same and you will often be surprised by what can happen! I have had this game on console for three years and pc for two and i am still not bored of it! All in all, If this game was a potato... it would be a good potato!
game-hours: 58.7
review: Big, I didn't beat the main quest because I was finding Juniper berries. Modding took an arrow to the knee this time around LMOA reference meme.
game-hours: 59.3
review: Do I really have to say something on this? It's a perfect game
game-hours: 64.9
review: After 400+ hours on Xbox 360 I can definitely see why and agree, this is a game that defined a generation. Dragons, quests, spells, armor, weapons, skills, Giants, trolls, Giant Spiders and more for hardcore fantasy and Action-RPG fans this game has it all. Completely customizable, you make your character then you do what you want to do. See the outline of a castle on that mountain? You can get there. Want to spend all your time stealing from the rich and giving to the poor ? Go right ahead. Or enter into the world of Vampire Lords and Werewolves. Even become one yourself. Trigger your transformation into a ferocious werewolf and rip entire towns to shreds. Have OCD? This is the game for you. You can now after spending 15 hours gathering loot from random dungeons all across Tamriel organize your many homes into neatly organized boxes and barrels. Have a pathological need to alphabetize your book shelves? You can do that too. This is a huge game. The many engulfing story lines will gladly take away days of your life. Even thought to be "endless" due to the random quest generators. In addition to all this Official content there is a huge and active modding community. This adds even more content. Like I said before it is truly a game that defined a generation.
game-hours: 37.8
review: This makes call of duty look like a flash game
game-hours: 2699.7
review: Superior in some ways to its predecessors. Skyrim still retains the open-world feel that made past games in the series a wonderous adventure. Reinventing its leveling system and mechanics while still maintaining the ability to be who you want. While fans of Morrowind and Daggerfall (and possibly Oblivion) may find that some of these changes dilude the RPG and immersion aspect. You'll still be hard-pressed to find a game beyond those of the Pen and Paper variety that offer a similarly deep experience.
game-hours: 363.0
review: What can i say about this game, if you haven't played it get it, the DLC and mods available for it really enhance the graphics and gameplay more. A must have for your collection no doubt.
game-hours: 163.3
review: It's like Skyrim but with dragons.
game-hours: 350.0
review: Skyrim Vs real life Skyrim- Have a girlfriend Have people look up to you Have a epic battle with a dragon Become a werewolf and terrorizing a entire town Craft amazing works of art in secents Find a chest full of loot Jump down a mountain Help a crazy Jester Get in trouble with the law for killing an explosive chicken Die by a explosive chicken Get drunk and forget everything Summon your own dragon Fight a giant and fly 5000 feet in the air Real life- Get a Job flipping burgers Go to school Get into trooble with the law and end up in prison for 5 years Rethink your life Get in to a epic battle with your boss and get firing Wish you were in skyrim Skyrim 10/10
game-hours: 102.2
review: Great game. Excellent story, combat and graphics. Masive open world. Thousands of quests to do. Hours and hours of fun. It can beome even cooler with mods from the Steam Workshop. If you are planning to buy this game get the Legendary Edition because that comes with all the DLC's which add some much more content into the game.
game-hours: 154.6
review: Great story in an amazing world. With endless hours of gameplay!
game-hours: 0.8
review: Got this mod called the sclong mod i entered the game and i took this potion and i got a huge boner
game-hours: 180.3
review: This is an amazing game, with a dedicated community. I've never played a game so non-linear before. I could soak thousands of hours into this game and probably still find new quests.
game-hours: 100.5
review: Butterfly Catching Simulator 2013 11/10
game-hours: 20.5
review: Best game i have played and it's my favorite game of all time 10/10
game-hours: 73.8
review: I used to be a meme like me, until I took a Skyrim to the knee. All (horribe) jokes (memes) aside (patella related arrow shaft incident), this game (in it's Vanilla state), is solid. With mods, (God[s] forbid[s]), this game can well... make it whatever you download it to be. Depending on the mods you get yada yada yada, sweet rolls something about being a dragonborn and grey beards. 420/doritos, would mountain dew again.
game-hours: 45.7
review: The vanilla game is honestly not very good. The dungeons are all the same, the gameplay is boring, the swordfights are very boring. Even the dragon fights are stale. However, if you mod the absolute  out of this game, it's very fun.
game-hours: 39.8
review: The latest installment in the Elder Scrolls series if you discount Bethesda's sister company Zenimax's Elder Scrolls Online: Tamriel Unlimited MMO. Yet another amazing open world game with a huge variety of crafting options, skill trees, character customization and extremely immersive questlines. Crafting: Whether you want to be an alchemist giving yourself the extra edge in an encounter with a novice necromancer or to be a blacksmith and create your own set of 'dragon-proof' armour this game has it all. 10/10 **Avoiding spoilers- the Hearthfire and Dawngaurd DLC add even more crafting options, in case you were somehow left asking for that little bit more! Character Customization: With 10 playable races, each with their own unique benefits and skill boosts you will be drawn back to creating another character before you've finished anything with the first. From stealthy Khajiit, to the weapon crazed Orsimer (Orc)...the magical and mystic Altmer, to the animal loving and arrow shooting Boismer (Wood Elf)... the choice is yours. 11/10 **And in case you weren't somehow happy with some of the preset character looks, you have near endless customization of every finite detail. From the tip of your elf's nose to the pointiness of their ears- you can change it! Skill Trees: As with the character customization and every other aspect of the game it can be be adjusted to the last detail by you. Fancy a dual wielding orc who's handy with their spells? you can make it. Want an Argonian who can posion their weapons and make their own armour? yup, you can do it. 10/10 **Even if you want big blonde Nord that prefers picking pockets and hiding in the shadows- the choice is yours! Quest Lines: Well expansive, immersive and endless are some choice words to choose a few! Some quests are better suited to characters with certain skills, others have no restrictions... some quests change how places within the game look and what people say, others might just make you feel good! Follow the main quest line, start on a side quest, join a guild- whatever you want, whever you want with the only restriction being- "Has your character fought enough bandits and bears to know what they're doing? Have they got the right armour to stop that mage turning you inside out?" 11/10 *Want an immersive game that leaves you wanting more? This is for you! Game Environment: Well open-environment and immersive as many reviews will say and dead-to-point. Everything from the wildlife to passers by, a clear night sky to a heavy storm- you'll epxerience it. The Elder Scrolls game's have always had huge areas to explore within realistic environments (by gaming standards, I'm not implying two planets in the nights sky or dog sized rats appear in your local neighbourhood!!) 11/10 **Anything, anywhere, anytime- who knows what will happen next?! With a game this big and expansive, any review can easily be the same! There are a hige amount of pro's to this game and next to no cons (in my opinion). Occassiaonally aplate might fall off a table and vibrate along the floor like it's possessed- it's funny! Excluding meaningless small comments like that, it is FLAWLESS! 11/10 **Every gamer whether serious or just occassional should give this game a go- especially the ultimate edition! The expansions are good value in this edition and all worth a go. Stole bandits loot from a castle, jumped for joy on the road to Windhelm, mauled to death by a Sabertooth Cat. 10/10 Battled a Troll, ran away from giants, only went to the farm for some tomatos.. 10/10 Got rich, built a house, adopted orphans. Brad and Angelina who? 10/10
game-hours: 67.9
review: Very good game!
game-hours: 128.5
review: I really can't say any more than everyone else already has. Skyrim is a great base game that turns into an unstoppable, near-perfect MONSTER with enough mods. The only bad thing about it is it's time consuming. If you work a lot, like i do, you probly won't be able to play it as much as you would like if you enjoy variety (and sleep) with your gaming. Easy 10/10
game-hours: 111.7
review: OK, first let me say that I generally don't play alot of RPG's and absolutley hate anything involving knights, wizards, magic, castles and dragons. My birthday in November coincided with the games launch and someone gave it to me and it sat on my shelf for a couple of months before I even tried it . (The hype was pissing me off and I just had to see for myself) THIS IS THE BEST OPEN WORLD RPG/SANDBOX GAME EVER MADE! (and I'm considering it for one of my most favorite games of all time) It is simply the most immersive game I have ever played . I had 70 hours in before I even strted the main storyline, which was a clear indicator to me from the start that the game lets you advance in anyway you want and advance your character in any style you choose. Has the best levelling system and never felt like a grind at any point.The combat is fluid , the inventory and menu screens were simplistic, the world is huge with a rich totally interactive enviroment, and the graphics were breathtaking
game-hours: 89.6
review: Best game NA!
game-hours: 140.5
review: Definitely an amazing game that can never get old. I decided to buy it for the PC after having played it a lot on the console, which was a great choice. For those deciding between regular Skyrim and the Legendary edition, Legendary is certainly worth the extra dollars to get awesome DLCs like Dawnguard.
game-hours: 79.6
review: One of my favorite games of all time! Even though I have completed the main story, I still have a lot of side quests and places to explore in Skyrim.
game-hours: 8.7
review: Honestly, this is one of the best games I've ever played. Intense, innovative, and extensive gameplay wrapped up in an extremely well written engine, smothered in dialogue, enhanced with realistic random events, fighting, marriage (ing in certain modded situations), exploration, collection, magic, quarrel, war, and all of it topped off with an amazingly dedicated, hard-working, creative modding community (Not to mention the visuals!). I've been playing this game for three years straight on and off Steam. The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is in my top five best games of all time. Everyone should definitely get a chance to play this game.
game-hours: 632.1
review: I used to have a life away from gaming but then i toke a skyrim to the knee. Great game, one of the best i have ever played
game-hours: 46.2
review: Is more realistic than real life. 10/12 -Ign/Gamespot
game-hours: 560.1
review: Skyrim completely destroyed my social life and made my friends think I was dead. 10/10
game-hours: 83.0
review: i love this game, and the mod
game-hours: 46.6
review: 10/10
game-hours: 78.4
review: best game ever
game-hours: 96.8
review: With mods you can kill children! 100/10 would satisfy my darkest needs again.
game-hours: 6.5
review: is gud gam
game-hours: 55.4
review: Great game to clock lots of hours into.
game-hours: 145.8
review: EASILY ONE OF THE BEST GAMES EVER MADE PERIOD. THE HYPE WAS REAL AND IT DELIVERED. FIRST FEW HOURS ARE BORING THOUGH, BUT AFTER THAT YOU GET ADDICTED. PERIOD. ARCHERY BEST PERK JUST KILL DRAGONS IN 5 BOW SHOTS LMAO
game-hours: 99.0
review: I tickled a dragon to death with my bare fingers 0/10 Best game of the year
game-hours: 583.7
review: Skyrim, this game was such an iconic release. With deep lore expanding The Elder Scrolls universe, and many many quests that take the player through the snowy civil war torn world of northern Tamriel. I got to say, I put more then my fair share of hours into it. Yet, sad to say with all that time I never finished the main quest. Here is a list of Pros and Cons as I see them. Pros: - Plenty of story: Skyrim has many many books and notes that you can read to gain insight about the past and hidden lore of Tamriel. From books about the origins of the falmer to the steamy adventures of a maid named Lifts-Her-Tail. There are plenty of entertaining literary works to read. - Combat Choices: There are many weapons to choose from and master, from the mighty Battleaxe to the enchanted pickaxe and staff combo. You can use and master a variety of weapons and skillsets. Though focusing on raising your one handed is an option. - Quests: There are many things to do in Skyrim, you can join the companions and kill monsters for gold, or join the dark brotherhood and kill people for gold. Steal things for gold in the thieves guild, or go to college, for... To learn magics and mastery therein. Almost every character in Skyrim will be able to contribute to your questing in one way of another. - Item: There are many Items to peruse and collect throughout the game, most can be bought from stores but others you have to make yourself or find in the long lost reaches of that one cave off away from the beaten path. - Modability: I don't have to say much about this. The fact the community care so much and releases and continually updates content for this game is amazing. Mods are what keep me playing after 500hours. Cons: - Too much story: People love lore and getting into their favorite games, but, sometimes reading every note, book and letter, can become cumbersome. Reading every skill book for that single point increase is not conducive to killing that skeleton that is keeping you from looting that locked chest in the distance. - Repetitive Combat: Over time holding the Left/Right mouse/trigger can become a chore. Repeatedly tapping the mouse to attack an enemy that you've easily one-shotted a thousand times can get really boring over time, and the vanilla level and difficulty scaling doesn't help. I mean, come on, when I'm whaling on a bandit leader for 3 minutes on legendary, just for 50 gold, a ruby, and some random enchanted weapon I could have made, you're making me question how i'm using my time. - Fetch Quests: OK, I have to say this. Roughly 80% of the quests in this game are a form of fetch quest. Go get the fragment, horn, staff, plans. Go kill that guy, this guy, and Steve. There are so many variants that it gets annoying, at one point the game wants you to fetch 24 of the same thing albeit scattered. You will find yourself using the fast travel system often, but by doing so you will miss some random events. Difficult choice, I know. Overview: Overall This is a very enjoyable game, though I get bothered by some nuances of it's game play mechanics. I constantly find myself coming back and finding some new quest I haven't done, or item I've never used. I've started over at least 20 times, each one a different character. You will definitely get your money out of this game if you like time consuming, repetitive games with deep story, and a vast world to explore.
game-hours: 129.7
review: Oh god what have i done with my life
game-hours: 218.3
review: It's pretty much better than sex and beer, and those things are pretty in sweet.
game-hours: 370.4
review: Play Skyrim, seriously, just do it.
game-hours: 231.4
review: g00d gaem not as good as skyrim online though
game-hours: 22.8
review: just download the sex mod and it's awesome
game-hours: 182.6
review: A great game for adventure aswell as messing about! Anything thats not in game can just be modded in very compatible and very easy to get the way you like!
game-hours: 120.4
review: This game is amazingly awesome! The free roaming, Orc killing and cave exploring makes me moist. 10/10, would fap again.
game-hours: 835.4
review: Ive played almost nothing since getting this game. This game gets you to play it....alot. Send halp...actually no don't, having too much fun.
game-hours: 75.0
review: make sure u download the fetish mods, they make the game much more enjoyable
game-hours: 108.1
review: run around and shoot fire at spooky skeleton? yes i r8 it 171/173 m8
game-hours: 40.1
review: One of the best... Anyone who enjoys open world RPG's should definatly buy this game. The gameplay is fun, The modding comunity is massive ( so there ae always good mods available), the storys quite good, and its got decent graphics, definatly one of the best RPG games on steam. 9.5/10
game-hours: 105.7
review: I'm speechless, this game is just amazing, I'm amazed how well Bethesda managed to make this virtually place so magical. It's simply awe-inspiring. PROS: - Amazing story - Awesome battles/mods/shouts/magic - TONS of places to explore - AMAZING GRAPHICS - You can own a Horse - You can have a Wife - You can Smith and Enchant to create new weapons/armors and improve them - MODS that make the game x10 better! CONS: - Some side quests are repetitive -  horses that arbitrary charge into battle - Few bugs My rating: 10/10
game-hours: 89.5
review: Awesome Game. Buy it!
game-hours: 155.0
review: Only played it for 2 hours and I already LOVE IT. So many different options to choose from and so many paths to take. Amazing graphics and gameplay aswell.
game-hours: 49.2
review: The Elder Scrolls V - Skyrim is with no doubt one of the best games recently released. An open-world RPG with an infinite amount of quests and modding support ? Count me in. The replayability is also almost endless, because you can make a totally new character with other skills and so have a new experience. Installing mods can also help you fighting the boredom when you've reached 300+ hours ingame. 10/10
game-hours: 157.0
review: ,  ,       .
game-hours: 168.9
review: So basically what you do in this game is you run around with a really big modded sword (cause thats like the only reason to get it on pc) and slay everything in sight. i.e. dragons, trolls, bandits, forsworn, horses, ice wraiths, spiders, dogs, friends, family, sometimes yourself, ghosts, some more dragons (cause thats the point to this game), guards, vampires, wearwolves, etc. Basically everything except children cause thats wrong and you should feel bad for trying. 10/10 would recommend always.
game-hours: 125.4
review: Best flower picking simulator. 10/10
game-hours: 131.0
review: GG.
game-hours: 607.0
review: I mean, it was okay, I guess...
game-hours: 63.6
review: Just like Morrowind and Oblivion, There are still some problems with this game that some people will not like, but it's easy to get past on them given that this game is so beautifully built. Actually at first I was a little disappointed because the game brings the same empty feeling as Oblivion did but as I progressed I realized how great it is and I think the addition of dialog tree helps a lot. The best effort Bethesda did this time is to subtract everything people hate about past elder scroll games, and add everything people like. The combat gameplay in Skyrim is the most satisfying experience I ever had in all the bethesda studio titles I played though it's quite simplistic. The overall difficulty of the game is dragged down compare to Obliviion so I would suggest experienced gamers starting from hard difficulty level. the thing I like the most about this game is religion aspects and cultural perspectives based on races (like they did in Morrowind) which will really immerse you into the game world. Also almost all the levels were handcrafted this time unlike all those "copy and paste" levels in Oblivion. Overall, this game is a huge step forward from the previous title.
game-hours: 56.3
review: There is probably not much to add to the massive accretion of Skyrim opinion, but I'll give it a go anyway. I have probably in excess of 200 hours sunk into this game and I still enjoy it. Many of you certainly have two, three, four times that many hours in it. People love it, and those who don't usually love to hate it. My guess is not that many people are completely indifferent to Skyrim unless they just don't play video games at all. It's just another Bethesda game in some ways, but it's the best one they've ever made. There have been mods for other games they've made, but the Skyrim mod community is probably one of the most lively that any game has ever inspired. Even so (and many will disagree), Skyrim's a great game even without mods. I'm intrigued to see what Bethesda will do next. ESO holds no sway over me, but Fallout and Skyrim have me wishing for the next big Bethesda RPG, and they might just keep me occupied until it surfaces.
game-hours: 294.3
review: This game is just too awesome to describe... there is too much content to even make a review all you need to know is that its a must for all gamers especially pc players
game-hours: 554.2
review: Its like Fallout without guns. I wonder why?
game-hours: 327.7
review: i r8 8/8 m8 put it on a pl8 with an 8 pound w8 m8 n fr8 it off 2 me m8 d8ve on a frig8 down near the equ8r near h8i m8 i fohkin luv chelsea wayne rooney ftw m8 ya fohkin wahnka wot u havin a gigl yeah ill smash yah fohkin hed in wif a fohkin brik yeah a brik m8 bettah shut yor mouf b4 i get my m8 brick top n jason fohkin statham down there for a proper scrum yeah m8 now fohk off ya fohkin wahnkah if u dont like rugby or wayne rooney then yor a fohkin nancy or yor a fohkin chink or a berk yeah u kno wot i mean m8 ya fohkin berk #wayne rooney #chelseafc #fishandchips #englandwillwinthe2014worldcup #m8
game-hours: 442.7
review: its probably the best game i ever played
game-hours: 171.4
review: It's on sale right now. Buy it. There's a fantastic community of modders on this game and it increases the replay value by so much. 9.5/10
game-hours: 13.2
review: is gud
game-hours: 70.5
review: 10/10 GOTY
game-hours: 195.8
review: is in my humble opinion the best Open World game to this date. While the main story might not be too exciting, the world, its environment, the sounds, graphics and the granted Mod support for Skyrim make real life almost obsolete.
game-hours: 78.6
review: Discovered you couldn't breathe in space, thanks to giants. 7.8/10, too much snow
game-hours: 347.0
review: I still haven't played the main questline.
game-hours: 23.5
review: Do you like going outside? Then you'll hate this game 10/10
game-hours: 80.1
review: Probably the best open-world RPG out there. Definitely one of my all-time favourite games. The replayability is superb and the modding community is highly active, which makes it easy to play the game the way you want to play it. For me the modding experience has been the greatest aspect of the game. You can easily make the game graphics look like up to date games (as long as you have a decent graphics card). The atmosphere in the game and the way the game feels alive is something that will keep amaze you throughout the game. It really feels like a living world, even though you will stumble upon bad or awkward NPC movements and behaviour (but mods can help fix this). The music and voice acting is as good as it can get. If you like RPGs there are no reasons why you shouldnt own this game already. 10/10.
game-hours: 551.7
review: its pretty good
game-hours: 86.4
review: Best game ever it was 3 steezi 5 me fam 10/10
game-hours: 228.4
review: nice
game-hours: 182.6
review: Love this Game!
game-hours: 567.9
review: Great game if you really like RPG's, fantasy and a completely open world ready to be explored. Has unending quests, a fun main quest and a lot of side quests.
game-hours: 184.5
review: good. I tend to talk less for the ones I love most.
game-hours: 60.5
review: Very good Sandbox+RPG. If you like to grind, collect loot, sell your loot, do quests, kill bandits, hunt animals, make weapons, make potions, pry into the lives of NPCs, ride a horse, kill dragons, etc... this game is probably for you. Bad points about this game? Well... it evolves very slow, you will be facing for a long time same kind of enemies, wearing the same armor until new one is unlocked and you will discover that really there is not point to work in some areas/specializations if your are not totally focused on them (so think very carefull at start the kind of character that you wan to build). The history of the main campaing lacks of epicness... i feel some sidequest are more enjoyable/fun than the main story.
game-hours: 168.1
review: I think that The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is the truthfully deserved opus magnum of Bethesda. One of the best games of our time.
game-hours: 44.6
review: Fun game
game-hours: 71.7
review: Everything is Awesome, Everything is cool when you're playing Skyrim ...
game-hours: 178.9
review: skyrim is so good but I wish there was multiplayer qq
game-hours: 562.1
review: BEST GAME EVAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
game-hours: 211.8
review: After slaying almost every NPC with my bare hands, witnessing dragons in wrestler suits, sending an avalanche of cabbage down the Throat of the World, riding a 200 metre tall horse through Whiterun and spending a posh evening with a bunch of mudcrabs wearing tophats and monocles I can finally say that i'm done with this game.
game-hours: 103.5
review: this game is good as m8
game-hours: 201.6
review: If you want a gorgeous looking, epically expansive and massive open-world, choose-your-own-path game then this is definately the game for you. Be prepared to loose many hundreds of hours on it. The attention to detail and the sheer quality breathes through every aspect of this game. One of the most complete game expereriences I have ever had. (and continue to have). Everyone needs to try this game out at least once.
game-hours: 129.7
review: Oh god what have i done with my life
game-hours: 218.3
review: It's pretty much better than sex and beer, and those things are pretty in sweet.
game-hours: 370.4
review: Play Skyrim, seriously, just do it.
game-hours: 50.8
review: was being good guy. an excample to community. a hero. Accidentally attacked to a citizen. had to kill him. then i had to kill everybody.i..just..had to.. 11/10
game-hours: 99.0
review: I tickled a dragon to death with my bare fingers 0/10 Best game of the year
game-hours: 94.9
review: I think Skyrim is a pretty cool guy and doesn't afraid of anything.
game-hours: 258.1
review: This is the best game I've ever played in my entire life.
game-hours: 103.1
review: I wish you could kill the kids. Otherwise a great game. On a scale of 1 to 10. 1 being bad. 3 being awesome. 8 being Jurassic park 2. 9 being the Hangover 3 and 10 being Ghandi. I would give this game a 11.
game-hours: 26.2
review: it's okay.
game-hours: 12.7
review: Tst pelist ei voi olla pittmtt. Modien kanssa pelaa viel pari kertaa lpi uudellen
game-hours: 409.9
review: Skyrim is not a perfect game. Infact it is far from it. Many quests are nothing more than fetch or kill quests, Guild questlines are far less complex and engrossing than before (although the Dark Brotherhood questline is still excellent), multiple skills have been cut out and is far more shallow in terms of storytelling and RPG elements compared to the games before it. Yet despite this, the game is still effortlessly, shamelessly entertaining. The game has a myriad of improvements on its predecessor, Oblivion; The NPCs still level up with your character to an extent, but it is a far more intelligent system than Oblivion (although the game would be far better without levelled NPCs), NPCs no longer look like strange potato people, and NPC writing on a whole is actually pretty decent. As mentioned before, Skyrim is a very shallow RPG compared to the games that preceeded it. Conversations in the game, although being an improvement on Oblivion's keyword based system, aren't a patch on the engrossing and detailed conversations of Fallout: New Vegas and Morrowind. Quests are usually very bland, with only a few standing out as excellent, and in terms of storytelling, Skyrim seems like its written for people with a very short attention span. There are also many inconsistencies with the games own lore, for example, in the lore it states that Khajiit's are banned from entering cities, however in game a Khajiit can waltz in to a city with no opposition. Faction relations are non exisistent, appart from in the Civil War questline. Joining a certain faction has absolutely no consequence, and your able to become the Harbringer of The Companions, The Listener of the Dark Brotherhood, The Arch Mage of The College of Winterhold and the Guild Master of the Thieves Guild, despite the fact that many of these factions with have conflicting ideas. Skyrim's UI is clearly designed for console, and is incredibly difficult to use with a mouse and keyboard, the fact that Bethesda felt it was okay to ship a game for PC without even making a single modification to the UI is downright annoying, and a mistake they definately shouldnt make again. The world of Skyrim is brilliant, the regions are varied and well designed, with each region containing a distinct look, unlike the endless forest of Oblivion. Dungeon design has also improved, instead of being something that resembles a Lego set, Dungeons are varied and interesting and often take you to some stunning locations. Despite all it's flaws, Skyrim is still a great game. However if you go in expecting a deep complex RPG, you will be dissapointed. At times, Skyrim feels like an RPG designed for people who dont play RPGs, and this may very well be the case, It's also worth noting that the modding scene for Skyrim is excellent, with many mods aiming to add more depth to Skyrims system, and one mod in particular replaces the awful UI with an intuitive interface designed for a mouse and keyboard. All in all, Skyrim is a great game, but merely an average RPG.
game-hours: 0.1
review: Amazing game. But if you don't mod it... you're missing the pont. The thing is: If you got if for console when you COULD get it on a PC that can run it then you're missing out. The ammount of mods is uncountable and is increasing by the second. If you think this game is boring then you're wrong. Mod's allow for endless playing with constant new stuff and things ;)
game-hours: 181.9
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 86.9
review: gg
game-hours: 15.9
review: My girlfriend made me play it. Now she complains when I play it too much when she's on her period. I wish I was the Dragonborn so I could use "Bend Will" on her, on account of the fact that she's kind of like a dragon around that time. Maybe she'd listen to what I had to say for once. Then I could finally hop on her back and she'd fly around and stuff and I'd throw fireballs at everyone. Apparently, it's too much to ask for. I'm a dope f'in wizard, respect my authority woman. I don't remember what outside looks like, but I can sure as hell navigate The Province of Skyrim like it's nothing. Can I sleep on your couch when she reads this review?
game-hours: 486.0
review: What Can I Say It Is An Awesome Game And You Have To PLAY It Now.It Is a Interesting Game To Play Because There Is So Many Things To Do In The Game!! And You Get To Kill Stuff. SO GET IT NOW!! ;) And Leave Comments xD
game-hours: 97.9
review: Amazing game. Has never been boring and always has some new way of tackling obstacles
game-hours: 61.2
review: Its a Elder Scrolls game, it has dragons, swords, and magic. What else could a nerd want. Its in my top 5# best games..ever.
game-hours: 43.6
review: I Really do not have any words for this game, this game is just the best roleplaying game I have ever played and that is next to Oblivion, I love it and do suggest this to everyone <3.
game-hours: 280.9
review: There is so much you can do in Skyrim. You can explore however you want and where ever you want. There are so many possibilities that can happen in this game. Skyrim can have a true sense of immersion. With heartfelt speeches, literary epics and tremendous NPCs, you can feel like you truly are a native of the country. This game does not tell you to do anything, but you decide what to do. Other games tell you to save the world, but Skyrim makes you want to save it. Throughout the game you will find lore and legends that show the tremendous culture and features that went into the creation of the game. In Skyrim you start from fighting dragons and bandits and go on to learning ancient powers, fighting for kings, for honour, harnessing untold energy and even doing the will of the gods. Even after all this, you can find thousands of mods that vary from adding new location, items, quests and NPC, to entirely new ways of playing and immersification. While there are hundreds upon hundreds of quests and people within this game, you will not stop finding individuals and new experiences within the endless amount of adventuring you can partake in.
game-hours: 86.1
review: One of the best RPG games out there. You create your own character, choose a race and try to survive in the world of Skyrim as Dovakiin (Dragonborn). Your arsenal is swords, bows, spells, shouts and your own hands/claws. The unique feature in Skyrim is the shouts. You use various shouts to your advantage that you learn from people or word walls. After learning shouts, you unlock them using Dragon souls. To gain a dragon soul, you slain dragons that appear in the cities or in the wild. The world in Skyrim is vast. There are a lot of places to discover, different people to meet, different factions to join and do a lot of quests. It takes a lot of time to do all quests, which is why this game lets you enjoy many hours of gameplay, unlike most of the game which people complete under 20-40 hours. Although, Skyrim has some bugs, creators still did an outstanding job in making this game. 9.8/10
game-hours: 643.5
review: This is once again one of those games I can't get enough of. Overall everything about this game is just great. Great combat (use every single weapon in the game, or try to play with only swords, with only magic, etc to add fun to the game), great graphics (honestly the world is just so beautiful you'll find yourself spending time just walking about looking at the mountains), great story (quite some unexpected twists and even the expected things still turn out a lot more epic than you'd thought), great replayability (I've played like 5 different characters already and it's got a LOT of sidequests), like I said, it's just a great game in every aspect. It also has some DLC but I don't own them / ever played them, so I can't say anything about them, but they do definitely seem fun to give them a try at some point, especially because I've already put so much time in the game I just know it won't be a waste of money to buy them someday.
game-hours: 173.7
review: So I played this game for 300 hours on PS3. I stopped because the load times became unbearable. At times it took a full minute to go from inside of a house to the basement. Playing this game again on PC remedies most of the problems I experienced on PS3 plus I get to play it in 1080p60+fps. I love this game. I love the fact that despite me doing my best to redo what I did in the last game I coming across new content in the same old places. If you're looking for a game that's long, dense, and filled with variety then this is the game for you.
game-hours: 111.9
review: This game is pure sex ! I fell in love with it the first time i played it 2 years ago. The coolest thing is that you can add mods if you are bored of the base game and you've been playing it for houndreds of hours. But the game is perfect the way it is : it has great graphics long campaign and intriguing storyline also addictive gameplay
game-hours: 170.5
review: Haven't really enjoyed Morrowind, turned off Oblivion after 5 minutes. Played Skyrim for 130hrs, I think that's enough said in case of "is it good?". With mods this game turns from good to stunning. It never really ends, has cool first-person and really cool quests, but it's not perfect. Combat gets too easy after a while, dragons are bunch of c***s that never seem to land which is annoying when you just get set on fire and can't really do anything. A part from that, damn solid game, even beaten Witcher 2 of which I'm a total fanboy.
game-hours: 5491.2
review: it's about a world eater that destroys Helgen keep his name is Aludin
game-hours: 93.9
review: Amazing game, it has a Huge map and many quests, i doubt i will ever finish it 100% xD the mods for the game aren't bad either!
game-hours: 187.1
review: I am a pro bower i gotz the good shotz on dem DrAgoNz... U al JeLLy on My Skillz of lokpicing and i F*** riften up b****ZZZZ
game-hours: 157.7
review: swaggin
game-hours: 29.2
review: Enjoyable, though sometimes a bit slow. Can be a bit overwhelming at times but if you stay focused and really enjoy open world options this game rocks!
game-hours: 409.1
review: A pretty fun game, but has major issues holding it back. AI is . Most quests are not very good. Luckily, with its massive amounts of mods, pretty much everything is fixed. I would get it just for the mods, really.
game-hours: 778.4
review: Simply one of those great open world games you can find around, vanille game is already great if you skip the main quest and wander around or slaughter everything in your path, you simply would have fun for over 200+ hours on 1 save game... And thats just the Vanille game, Skyrim is one of those games you can mod into a even greater game making it even more challaging and harsh then it would but you can make it as easy as drinking water... Eitherway both ways are great its just how you play the game!
game-hours: 60.8
review: This epic role-playing game might be Bethesda's best game yet, and offers an unique and spectacular world filled with fun. The freedom ensures a great experience for both the casual and hardcore gamer, as you're free to play the game how you like.
game-hours: 6.9
review: I played it for 5 hours. It was like "Is this Morrowind with really good graphics?" Yeah. Probably. Good stuff.
game-hours: 7.7
review: Everybody must have it.
game-hours: 568.2
review: Great game!!!
game-hours: 52.5
review: This game is a masterpiece, although I think they have taken many ideas from one of my favourite games, "The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion". Although Skyrim is an amazing game, I wish they could have come up with some original ideas and not copy Bethesda Game Studios. " i pin one babys foot to the floor and watch it go around in circles ouch tooo much? honestly im just hungry as balls and i wanna go eat ramen out of the grand tea masters  lol  btw you guys better send me great sacrifices. I know you will you because yall are nasty. my roommate spilled sriracha sauce all over his bed and the walls and he sleeps in a pile of dried up hot sauce mixed with his urine and stuff so you can imagine what it smells like in there" - Alduin
game-hours: 191.0
review: In the early days of cinema there where a variety of movies that capitalized on low cost special effects, Skyrim borrows a lot from these types of films. By shouting at enemies, and even goats, you make them stumble backwards as if by magic. This isn't revealed to you until you're half way through the game and told by "mysterious shouting from atop a mountain" that you must trek up the mountain and meet these shouters. You're then tasked with saving the world, again, and the most critical choice of the entire game comes after you've actually completed the game. Time travel is involved, and there's plenty of goofy throwbacks to horrible movies in the form of a vampire den full of well-to-do vampire lords who thrive for thousands of years doing things that should have gotten them taken out a millenia ago. To join the thieves guild you simply walk into town with any loot in your inventory. Keeping with tradition, Bethesda has one animator and combat involves clicking until things die and nothing more. Features such as crafting spells where replaced to make room for DLC for your xbox.
game-hours: 183.6
review: very good game like farcry with guns
game-hours: 97.5
review: By far an amazing game and it still is
game-hours: 6.5
review: is gud gam
game-hours: 55.4
review: Great game to clock lots of hours into.
game-hours: 145.8
review: EASILY ONE OF THE BEST GAMES EVER MADE PERIOD. THE HYPE WAS REAL AND IT DELIVERED. FIRST FEW HOURS ARE BORING THOUGH, BUT AFTER THAT YOU GET ADDICTED. PERIOD. ARCHERY BEST PERK JUST KILL DRAGONS IN 5 BOW SHOTS LMAO
game-hours: 583.7
review: Skyrim, this game was such an iconic release. With deep lore expanding The Elder Scrolls universe, and many many quests that take the player through the snowy civil war torn world of northern Tamriel. I got to say, I put more then my fair share of hours into it. Yet, sad to say with all that time I never finished the main quest. Here is a list of Pros and Cons as I see them. Pros: - Plenty of story: Skyrim has many many books and notes that you can read to gain insight about the past and hidden lore of Tamriel. From books about the origins of the falmer to the steamy adventures of a maid named Lifts-Her-Tail. There are plenty of entertaining literary works to read. - Combat Choices: There are many weapons to choose from and master, from the mighty Battleaxe to the enchanted pickaxe and staff combo. You can use and master a variety of weapons and skillsets. Though focusing on raising your one handed is an option. - Quests: There are many things to do in Skyrim, you can join the companions and kill monsters for gold, or join the dark brotherhood and kill people for gold. Steal things for gold in the thieves guild, or go to college, for... To learn magics and mastery therein. Almost every character in Skyrim will be able to contribute to your questing in one way of another. - Item: There are many Items to peruse and collect throughout the game, most can be bought from stores but others you have to make yourself or find in the long lost reaches of that one cave off away from the beaten path. - Modability: I don't have to say much about this. The fact the community care so much and releases and continually updates content for this game is amazing. Mods are what keep me playing after 500hours. Cons: - Too much story: People love lore and getting into their favorite games, but, sometimes reading every note, book and letter, can become cumbersome. Reading every skill book for that single point increase is not conducive to killing that skeleton that is keeping you from looting that locked chest in the distance. - Repetitive Combat: Over time holding the Left/Right mouse/trigger can become a chore. Repeatedly tapping the mouse to attack an enemy that you've easily one-shotted a thousand times can get really boring over time, and the vanilla level and difficulty scaling doesn't help. I mean, come on, when I'm whaling on a bandit leader for 3 minutes on legendary, just for 50 gold, a ruby, and some random enchanted weapon I could have made, you're making me question how i'm using my time. - Fetch Quests: OK, I have to say this. Roughly 80% of the quests in this game are a form of fetch quest. Go get the fragment, horn, staff, plans. Go kill that guy, this guy, and Steve. There are so many variants that it gets annoying, at one point the game wants you to fetch 24 of the same thing albeit scattered. You will find yourself using the fast travel system often, but by doing so you will miss some random events. Difficult choice, I know. Overview: Overall This is a very enjoyable game, though I get bothered by some nuances of it's game play mechanics. I constantly find myself coming back and finding some new quest I haven't done, or item I've never used. I've started over at least 20 times, each one a different character. You will definitely get your money out of this game if you like time consuming, repetitive games with deep story, and a vast world to explore.
game-hours: 77.1
review: It is an amazing game.
game-hours: 304.2
review: TES V Skyrim is one of those long lasting experience games that is today, and in days to come, bending, twisting and shaping the genre that we call open world RPG. If you are an RPG, a fantasy action roleplay, a first-person action game fan, and a powergamer, and even if you are not, you are probably gona enjoy this game alot, because it has so much to offer. The depthness and imersiveness factor of it is roughly 90%+ and it can be customized via the mods and other tools. The amount of details put in making the artwork of this game so unique is also by all means immensive. So Get it! Mod it (with skill)! and finally Enjoy it! Cheers :)
game-hours: 158.2
review: Great amount of content excluding the mods. I have always loved the Elder Scrolls franchise and Skyrim doesn't let me down. Skyrim is pure beauty with it's awesome mapping work and the amount of details. Landscape is huge and full of places to be explored. Combat is enjoyable but happens to be really heavyweight unlike it's predecessors. Glitches are a huge part of the experience and for some reason patches are no longer made. It's a good game, you should buy it.
game-hours: 117.3
review: The Best elder scrolls game to this date. The mod community makes this game easily Game of the Decade
game-hours: 29.8
review: With nude-mod this game is great! Without nude-mod its ok.
game-hours: 138.6
review: For those who want to waste their time pointlessly
game-hours: 82.9
review: Cabbages. Chickens. Yelling at people to kill them. 10/10
game-hours: 304.8
review: Oh, beautiful Skyrim! Prettier than most women, more fascinating than any other game. The hours we spent together were absolutely beautiful. If you're and RPG fan and don't own Skyrim - well, don't call yourself and RPG fan.
game-hours: 212.3
review: I cant stop. I need medical attention
game-hours: 4.0
review: Skyrim is the best single player game out there.
game-hours: 55.1
review: This game is FREAKING EPIC!
game-hours: 156.1
review: Best Mod installing and fixing simulator 2011
game-hours: 182.8
review: Awesome
game-hours: 158.2
review: Great amount of content excluding the mods. I have always loved the Elder Scrolls franchise and Skyrim doesn't let me down. Skyrim is pure beauty with it's awesome mapping work and the amount of details. Landscape is huge and full of places to be explored. Combat is enjoyable but happens to be really heavyweight unlike it's predecessors. Glitches are a huge part of the experience and for some reason patches are no longer made. It's a good game, you should buy it.
game-hours: 117.3
review: The Best elder scrolls game to this date. The mod community makes this game easily Game of the Decade
game-hours: 22.3
review: Ja... wo soll ich anfangen. Ach schei auf eine Review kauft es euch einfach ( Legendary Edition lohnt sich sehr). Ich meine es ist Skyrim, einfach ein purer Klassiker und das nicht umsonst.
game-hours: 164.9
review: If you like The Elder Scrolls, Skyrim does not dissapoint. 5/5 *****
game-hours: 29.8
review: With nude-mod this game is great! Without nude-mod its ok.
game-hours: 138.6
review: For those who want to waste their time pointlessly
game-hours: 214.0
review: It is simply the best. 10/10 Best action medieval/fantasy roleplaying game out there.
game-hours: 450.9
review: Amzign graphics and gameplay to much to say 10/10
game-hours: 52.8
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim nuff said
game-hours: 101.0
review: impressive! It might be the first ARPG game that I was attracted.
game-hours: 56.1
review: I must say, Bethesdsa Softworks has done it again. They've made a truly amazing game, infusing both gripping quests along with their usual twisted linear quests (making you groan about having to go back the way you came, only to find there was an unmarked entrance next to the original entrance). I also must state that I got the Legendary Edition for 13.59 USD when it was on sale about two weeks ago. *sigh*....However I'm going to start with the things I hate first. Cons: 1. The game's long walking periods begin to get tedious - I often find myself spending 30 minutes at a time just walking through the map, trying to find my objective location - The game often gives me a direction along the given map that is untraversable by ordinary means - The game gives me linear paths though minimaps that don't necessarily work - The map is confusing, rarely showing possible paths....just color (indicating weather there, and landmarks. That's it) - I often find myself hunting for paths to traverse around mountains as fast as possible, and that also takes a lot of time 2. The Favorites menu could be much more polished - I find that my favorites gets cluttered very often, even when I ONLY select the items I really use (some spells, weapons, shield - I hope that Bethesda could implement a sorting system in the favorites menu that is similar to the default inventory where you can use your strafe buttons (side movement buttons) to switch between categories, and up down movement keys to select individual items. That would be a massive benefit 3. DLC - I'm not saying I have a complaint with the DLC itself, but I'm saying I have a problem with how it affects the game, even on the regular questline. - For example, The DragonBorn DLC is the only one I have to complain about as of now. The moment you initiate the series of quests in that DLC (the Solstheim Quests), Miraak instantly butts his head into the game, even when you're minding your business in the stock/base storyline. I think that Bethesda could separate the DLC and Base Storyline interactions, because while I was still completing that storyline, Miraak stole a total of 12 Dragon Souls after I killed a dragon.....all by myself....so unfair Miraak WHYYY 4. I encounter small, but annoying bugs very often - Bug 1: The permanent walk glitch: Sometimes after entering new areas, I just randomly start crouchwalking, as if I were overcarrying. I even tried pressing the toggle walk/run button, and everything, and I couldn't do anything but restart my entire game to fix this problem, which I found was annoying - Bug 2: Stuck in map: After using the Whirlwind Sprint shout, I often found myself stuck in walls, or the world, unable to get out. I would be stuck there for a while, and if I tried to fast travel out of there, The game would say "You cannot fast-travel while jumping or falling" or some message like that. I would have to slowly inch my way out, costing time - Bug 3: Coin Eating: Sometimes, If a city guard comes in to arrest me right after I make a purchase, It eats up ALL of the coins I have, and doesn't return them. I've only encountered this glitch once, but it ate up a considerable number of coins (well over 8000) Don't think I hate this game. I actually really love it. So, now I'm going to state everything I love about this game. 1. Combat System - The combat system in this game.....gee. It's just like the god (please do not take offence to my use of god in my review) of combat systems. The hitboxes are pretty great (no errors I've seen yet *cough* *cough* *source*. - This game's dual handed item carry system is great, allowing me to 2 handedly defeat anything in my wake, with a spell in one hand, and Dawnbreaker in the other. Too good. - The weapons are really balanced, with no weapon being completely overpowered to others, each having their own unique affects, advantages, and disadvantages, promoting balanced, even combat gameplay. 2. Smithing/Enchanting - This game has one of the most unique smithing/enchanting systems I've ever seen. The process is tedious and tiring but It really does pay off in the end. - The sheer number of craftable items and individual compatible enchantments is mindboggling, each with very profitable results in the end 3. Questline - This game has quite possible one of the most forgiving, gripping, and amazing questlines yet. The story is fluid, everything is tied together amazingly in the end, and the story is just amazing. That's all I can say without spoiling the game. 4. The detail of each individual character within the game - I honestly believe that Bethesda spent a considerable amount of time to add in all of these npcs and their purposes. - The character customization is amazing, allowing for almost everything on your character to be customized - Even the addition of adoptable children and marriage is very interesting and revolutionary Well, this has been everything that I felt was noteworthy enough to be spoken of. If you notice I'm missing anything that you liked, I guess you should comment? I honestly dont' know. But, If you think I left anything out, It probably means I didn't care about it enough to speak of it. ENCORE BETHESDA!!!! I CANNOT WAIT FOR THE NEXT INSTALLEMTN OF ELDER SCROLLS!!!!! IF YOU HAVE ANY COMMENTS, PLEASE LEAVE THEM IN THE COMMENT SECTION BELOW! CHEERS!!!
game-hours: 1055.8
review: it's consumed my entire life please send help.
game-hours: 403.6
review: Ever wanted to punch a dragon, then realise how stupid that was? Neither did I, but I still played this game.
game-hours: 58.5
review: Decy, c-a s-a inchepem mi-e imi place ca poti shi sa iti vezi omu shi s-a nu iti vezii omu;dar mi-e i-mi place sa il vad si jocu e asa cu sabii cu batai si cu magie si cu strecuraturi si poti sa mergi si sa te bati cu oricine dar uniii nu moare ca e de la poveste acolo iti zice ce faki si dupa daca omori gardieni sau oameni daia iti da acolo cand te vede te bate gardienii, dar imi place ca are singe mult ca ala e shmeker cand te bati si imi plk ca e mare acolo harta cu multe locuri sa te duce sa mergi sa te bati in diferite locuri si mai e acolo sa te luptii cu dragony care e greu ca sufla cu foc si flacara si cu ghiata si dupa te omoara dar imi place ca e cu multe batai nu imi place ca trebuie sa vorbesti mult mi-e imi place doar sa ma bat nu sa vorbesc. nu e bine ca nu stii sa te urci pe acoperisi sa mergi pe deasupra asa ca ningia ca in asasin crid sau print of persia dar lasa ca e bun 7.5\10
game-hours: 407.7
review: love this game so much! this became my life :3
game-hours: 39.0
review: Skyrim is such a good RPG. I have played bugger all on PC (got it for the mods), but on console I must have clocked atleast 900 hours. You're a Dovahkiin. You have magical powers related to your voice and like Hitler, shout very loud indeed. There's a ton of weapons, armour and locations. Aswell as bonuses related to your start race (Khajiits see in the dark, Argonians have histkin and Orcs have big ) During the game you go and see the magical Greybeards in order to continue your quest, these old codgers teach you the words of power in exchange for raunchy sexual favours. There's a system of random encounters in the game which I believe makes it seem more realistic. You can be attacked at any moment by enemies ranging from massive dragons, assassins, giant spiders or roaming Orc rapists.
game-hours: 56.7
review: IT"S IN' FAPULOUS!
game-hours: 101.2
review: Great game. Love it. So much content @_@
game-hours: 93.9
review: Its a great free play, play again and again game.
game-hours: 108.5
review: just ing get it. its amazing
game-hours: 162.8
review: Still epic!
game-hours: 618.1
review: its ok
game-hours: 510.8
review: the most buggy piece of  game ever conceived by anyone and i love it 10/10
game-hours: 92.3
review: love it best game ever
game-hours: 19.4
review: The Elder Scrolls Skyrim is by far the best RPG games ever made, If you haven't liked it at initial release or have already played it by torrent download i suggest you buy it again during sales times. I my self had downloaded it and played it a little bit but there were few things missing during initial release, the game didn't feel as right as it should have been. Although right now the modding community and steam have made the game far better than what it was like during it's first days. The gameplay, Sounds, Menu's, Animations and for much better immersion, The graphics have also been vastly improved. Also i have really liked the way Steam workshop makes it easy to search for mods and download and manage them even better than nexus mod manager. So if you are hesitating and asking yourself whether to spend money on this game or no, I gurrantee you will lose your social life and waste a lots of your valuable time playing this game, I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT !
game-hours: 284.3
review: 9.7/10 Truly Amazing Game with no limits. Skyrim is fun, but the combat is boring. It is very RMB, Hold LMB, RMB. I know many will disagree but it basically always come back to that. The Story is very good, the Graphics are great, the Characters are memerable, and the games replay value is through the roof. In the end the game is worth every penny.
game-hours: 89.6
review: Best game NA!
game-hours: 140.5
review: Definitely an amazing game that can never get old. I decided to buy it for the PC after having played it a lot on the console, which was a great choice. For those deciding between regular Skyrim and the Legendary edition, Legendary is certainly worth the extra dollars to get awesome DLCs like Dawnguard.
game-hours: 79.6
review: One of my favorite games of all time! Even though I have completed the main story, I still have a lot of side quests and places to explore in Skyrim.
game-hours: 12.8
review: xbox360PC...mod)
game-hours: 6.4
review: Skyrim is a Large scale RPG. First of all before any of you say that I only have 3 hours of gameplay, I had this on PS3 before and had around 30/40 hours. The PC version of Skyrim is much better than console due to the better graphics, modding community and well i'd rather play it on Steam anyday. Skyrim is all about exploration. Most of the time I hate exploring in video games but with Skyrim I always feel that I have to look around everything. The combat and upgrades are very good, the amount of items and things that you can do in this game is unreal. After looking online the adverage person can beat the main quests in about 30/40 hours. But whats special about this is the side quests. As you explour you will be flodded with lots of differnet side quests. Most people can beat all the side quests in about 100 hours, which is a very long time. At the moment the game is on sale for 2.49 and you should GET THIS RIGHT NOW BEFORE I GET AN ARROW TO THE KNEE!
game-hours: 330.7
review: It will consume your life.
game-hours: 184.9
review: Installing 300 mods, lagging like , losing half of summer playng this game. 124123414/10
game-hours: 484.8
review: Simply one of the best games ever! Mods ftw!
game-hours: 36.5
review: chaos.999: I CANT BELIEVE chaos.999: SO OFFICIAL chaos.999: VALVE chaos.999: STEAM chaos.999: VERSION chaos.999: HAS 932584384953874965873465 bugs chaos.999: Torrent version from Ivan_1999_killer_777_Moscow_RUS has 0 bugs
game-hours: 27.0
review: One of the best singleplayer experiences ever. After you finish the main quest in the vanilla/unmodded game, go straight to the workshop or Skyrim Nexus and mod it until it crashes!
game-hours: 27.5
review: Amazing and Fascinating Journey !
game-hours: 205.9
review: Like fallout with dragon
game-hours: 20.7
review: Solid.
game-hours: 197.8
review: Amazing game, everything you could ever want in an Elder Scroll game, and even once you finish the game, the mod community has made so much that you could easliy put on an extra 100 hrs of gameplay. A must have for RPG players
game-hours: 892.2
review: This is THE open world adventure game. It doesn't matter whether you bought it on sale or full price - it's worth the buy. Here's the breakdown: You have almost total control of how you character grows. Like previous entries in the series you choose your race, customize your character, and develop based on actions you take. Picking locks grants you more lockpicking levels. Using a greatsword improves two-handed skill. In this way, you truly are whatever you want to be, from death-dealing dual-wielder to summoner to crossbow assassin (crossbows included with Dawnguard DLC). The game promises much with the offering of a massive world map and addtional areas with DLC - it's possible to ride your horse for hours, tackling new dungeons and encountering randomly generated events without ever once repeating an area. Impressive voicework for all NPCs is only somewhat injured by the severely limited list of voice actors, but overall character design and environments are in line with a game so massive in scope (read: passable, not amazing). The story centers on you as something called the Dragonborn, a legendary figure who speaks and Shouts (a form of magic) as the ancient and long dead dragons do. This becomes apparent only after the resurrection of said dragons. While interesting, the story won't pull any heart strings or make you genuinely care about the NPCs, but it works. Even so, the "main" questline can take as much of a back seat to countless side quests as you like - you can delay completing almost any section of it for hundreds of hours of gameplay if you so choose. But, all of this is not what kept me playing for 800+ hours. It's the mods. Dear god, the mods. With the exception of the Sims, I do not believe any other game has the depth, breadth, and scope of mods that this game boasts. Nexus Mods and the community workshop offer remedies for ANY complaint or aspect of the game. Want your women to sport 34DDD's and have 2000 pixel face textures? Done. Want to completely overhaul illusion and destruction magic, or even the way that spells are cast? Easy. Want to add whole questlines, hundreds of new monsters, a new continent, or improve on literally every single aspect there is to the game? Better animations, teleportation, and thousands of new pieces for your wardrobe? Looking for Angelina Jolie? Save some hard drive space - you're going to need it. By the time you finish installing, you'll be taking almost photoreal screenshots and posting them to your friends. I have over 2500 screenshots myself. For a recommendation, check out the Skyrim Nexus and look at the top 10 or 20 mods of all time. Even the top 5 will dramatically change (and extend!) your Skyrim experience. Be SURE to read all of a mod's requirements and installation methods before downloading - some configuring may be required. You'll laugh at your friends who "played" the game on Xbox 360. It's not even the same experience once you've gotten some good mods. Even without mods, the base game should keep you busy for a good 40-50 hours. Marriage and adoption, the ability to transform into a vampire lord and summon guardians of ancient knowledge are available with all DLC installed (which I would HIGHLY recommend). Short story is this - if you like sandbox RPG's, this is it. If you like custom sandbox RPG's, there isn't anything that comes close.
game-hours: 554.2
review: Its like Fallout without guns. I wonder why?
game-hours: 168.9
review: So basically what you do in this game is you run around with a really big modded sword (cause thats like the only reason to get it on pc) and slay everything in sight. i.e. dragons, trolls, bandits, forsworn, horses, ice wraiths, spiders, dogs, friends, family, sometimes yourself, ghosts, some more dragons (cause thats the point to this game), guards, vampires, wearwolves, etc. Basically everything except children cause thats wrong and you should feel bad for trying. 10/10 would recommend always.
game-hours: 230.6
review: i recommend this game rly
game-hours: 510.2
review: Awe-inspiring. So straight off the bat I've never been a big Elder Scrolls fan. Just like there will be lots of others out there who are huge fans, I will admit I have only played Oblivion and Skyrim (And partially Morrowind), however I was overwhelmingly impressed with this game in every single way. When you first step foot into such an open world where everything you do, every child you knock over with your "Fus Ro Dah!", those poor chickens you pitilessly pummelled with your grubby weapons, you can't help but be a little caucious towards playing to make sure that you build the world to something that you'd desire it to be. Taking into account that everything you do has a massive effect, it also makes you enjoy the game more by reading everything, exploring everything, and doing what you can as soon as you can do it. The base game can be a little basic, the storyline is there and you can definitely have fun, however mods turn this game into something completely different. Trust me. I have had many many fun hours playing this game and yet I am nowhere near planning to be done with it, especially with the newly released DLC and the constant output of mods by amazing fans and some developers! Although the game itself is absolutely amazing, mod this game right and you will have endless possibilities and this game truly becomes quite simply a masterpiece of an adventure. 10/10 - Absolute Masterpiece!
game-hours: 136.9
review: The game is great! I like it. DEM DRAGONS U MAD BRO ?
game-hours: 92.4
review: one of greatest games EVER
game-hours: 17.9
review: ONE OF THE BEST ENDER SCROLLS
game-hours: 5.7
review: Good game
game-hours: 69.8
review: Mods make this game sooo damn good.
game-hours: 19.4
review: The Elder Scrolls Skyrim is by far the best RPG games ever made, If you haven't liked it at initial release or have already played it by torrent download i suggest you buy it again during sales times. I my self had downloaded it and played it a little bit but there were few things missing during initial release, the game didn't feel as right as it should have been. Although right now the modding community and steam have made the game far better than what it was like during it's first days. The gameplay, Sounds, Menu's, Animations and for much better immersion, The graphics have also been vastly improved. Also i have really liked the way Steam workshop makes it easy to search for mods and download and manage them even better than nexus mod manager. So if you are hesitating and asking yourself whether to spend money on this game or no, I gurrantee you will lose your social life and waste a lots of your valuable time playing this game, I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT !
game-hours: 166.2
review: Skyrim is an amazing game. With the updated (not new) engine, character details and animations look stellar. With the HD texture pack, Skyrim proves to be quite the enjoyable experience from start to end. While Tamriel feels really strange so long after the events of Oblivion, and technology between the two games, Skyrim feels like it's own region to provide it's own lore and otherwise interesting details. Unfortunately, Skyrim does show it's console-oriented development with a clunky UI, and some major problems that while can be sorted by INI tweaks such as VSYNC being forced on and physics problems if it's forced off via the INI, it does have a bit of PC-oriented fixes that need to come down the pipe. Steamworks integration makes Skyrim great in that it supports mods pretty much out of the box now, BUT there's no support for Steam Cloud saves, especially as a single playthrough can cost you anywhere between 200 to 400MB depending on how often you save.
game-hours: 77.1
review: Such a BIG game. I was a bit worried when I first started this game because the combat feels floaty at times, but you'll start ignoring it the more you play. There's just so much to do. It took me about 17,5 hours before I encountered my first dragon. For every quest you finish, you'll receive several more, it's unbelievable. I'm not sure I can ever completely finish it. I've done most of the things by now, and I still have about 30-40 misc sidequests open. And don't get me started on the fetch quests; the ones that aren't listed in the quest log. I was actually surprised by the amount of quality quests in this game. All the factions have their own storyline, and other sidequests can take well over an hour to finish. Exploring also just feels right. You're constantly being rewarded with treasures, hidden dungeons, new quests and more. There are several bugs, but nothing game breaking so far. If you have to buy one game this year, let it be this one. It is endless. ENDLESS ! [Rating: 95/100]
game-hours: 1500.6
review: 1000 hours are not enough!
game-hours: 82.9
review: Cabbages. Chickens. Yelling at people to kill them. 10/10
game-hours: 510.8
review: the most buggy piece of  game ever conceived by anyone and i love it 10/10
game-hours: 92.3
review: love it best game ever
game-hours: 339.1
review: Buy it, play it, mod the hell out of it. For the patient and technical ones, a delicious experience with a lot of variation, for those who just want to play, still a really good game. If you're looking for an adventure and spending time exploring, as usual, the Elder Scrolls has just what you need. Although lacking the amazing atmosphere of its most highly regarded predecessor Morrowind, the dazzling sights of Skyrims mountainous northern landcape easily makes up for it. Admittedly, Skyrim does not exactly feel like a different world, like Morrowind did, but rather more like an alternate past, which is a slight pity. Playtime is, well, as long as you make it. Again. mods. Playstyle, I personally basically only play as a cloak and dagger character, as I find stealthing and sneak-attacking practically everyone oh so satisfying. Just remember to quicksave before you try anything too dangerous. Admittedly I could never get into any other playstyles, but seemingly there are those who enjoy other types as well. Graphics, ENB, find one you like, install, if your computer can handle it. Audio, one of the weaker points I would say, but it does what it should, not too fond of the music or the sounds in general. In short, mod it. The game is far from perfect, but it's Bethesda, they only make flawed gems. I pun so hard.
game-hours: 447.1
review: So, I've logged almost 300 hours into this game and I still haven't 100% completed it. It's extremely entertaining, and I heartily recommend it. The music is beautiful, the story compelling, the world is enrapturing. The important thing to realize however is that this game is best played with mods from the steam community equipped to make the scenery more beautiful, make the game itself less buggy, and make the user interface more streamlined. There's a vast array of mods allowing you to do pretty much anything you want in this game, so please use them.
game-hours: 304.8
review: Oh, beautiful Skyrim! Prettier than most women, more fascinating than any other game. The hours we spent together were absolutely beautiful. If you're and RPG fan and don't own Skyrim - well, don't call yourself and RPG fan.
game-hours: 212.3
review: I cant stop. I need medical attention
game-hours: 4.0
review: Skyrim is the best single player game out there.
game-hours: 55.1
review: This game is FREAKING EPIC!
game-hours: 156.1
review: Best Mod installing and fixing simulator 2011
game-hours: 390.1
review: Shouted my child down a mountain. 10/10
game-hours: 184.6
review: its like skyrim with swords
game-hours: 42.3
review: holyshit, so much fun. Dragons. Don't kill chickens and just  around.
game-hours: 203.8
review: Has always been my favorite game imo and I can't help but always having the need to play at some point. +Rep to all Bethesda's work!
game-hours: 67.5
review: I recommend this game because you feel like a guy who can p0Wn, be a warrior and also be in the mideivel times ( and download epic mods )
game-hours: 52.6
review: Like skyrim with skyrim
game-hours: 191.5
review: Skyrim is one hell of an amazing game. It has a huge open world, a lot of unique items, spells and enemies, an amazing story (or should I say a lot of those?) and if it wasn't enough there's plenty of user content that you can download through the Steam Workshop and/or Nexus. I'd go as far as saying it's one of the best games I've ever played.
game-hours: 275.3
review: Fantastic! Great mods, great DLC's GREAT GAME! Buy it!
game-hours: 338.5
review: A fun and extensive fantasy/adventure game. Many people complain that it is too easy, however, they do not understand that the game is less about the hardness than it is about the story and adventure. For a more complex battle system, Dark Souls may be a better pick, for a more comfortable and sprawling game however and a more relaxed and freedom based atmosphere to go with the adventure, Skyrim is for you.
game-hours: 362.4
review: This game is like drugs, its addicting
game-hours: 40.3
review: 11/10 Game. FreeRoam Singleplayer game that brings in the elements of RPG, questing, and strategy! Unfortuantly i downloaded the Macho Dragon mod and i pooped when he said "OOOOOOh Yeaaaaaaah"! So be careful if u download that! It's very overwhelming!
game-hours: 291.1
review: NOTE: This is a review on Vanilla Skyrim, I dont care if there are thousands of mods im reviewing the game as it is unmodded. Pros: Faces are a MASSIVE improvment from Oblivion Mountains and ruins look thousands of times better than Oblivion, especially the mountains. Music when fighting dragons is epic. The music overall is better than Oblivion's Dragon fights are epicness Archery is much more improved, it's alot faster. Pretty good storyline Cons: Coloring sucks balls. The grey atmosphere looks great on mountains but awful on lush forested places. Melee combat system is more like "Press X to not die" which you are basicly just spamming attacks with no strategy. NPCs suck , they're all the same, they all say the same thing to your character about the war. They never evolve to your character. They will treat a level 1 fur armored player the same way they would treat a level 50 dragon slayer savior of Sovngarde player, except for a few comments guards will make about you but other than that they will all treat you the same all the time. I find the dungeons extremley repetitive and boring. Each dungeon basicly looks the same as the last one except duplicated to look bigger. Final Verdict: 7/10, would recommend for 29 dollars but I'm nearly on the verge of not recommending it because the cons i listed really ruin the game.
game-hours: 111.0
review: Killed a Dragon. Made a hat out of it's corpse. Ten outta ten.
game-hours: 32.4
review: I hate it because devin jones likes it 7/10
game-hours: 49.5
review: Like Far Cry 3 without guns
game-hours: 52.7
review: totally worth buying but if your thinking about buying the dlc eventualy it would be smarter to just buy the legendary edition but other than that awesome game and totaly recomend it
game-hours: 70.8
review: gg
game-hours: 85.6
review: Fus Ro Dah! Best Open World RPG Ever! 10/10.
game-hours: 108.5
review: just ing get it. its amazing
game-hours: 162.8
review: Still epic!
game-hours: 175.8
review: I rate it 8/8 m8
game-hours: 194.0
review: BEST RPG GAME TO DATE. All elderscrolls are worth buying!
game-hours: 284.3
review: 9.7/10 Truly Amazing Game with no limits. Skyrim is fun, but the combat is boring. It is very RMB, Hold LMB, RMB. I know many will disagree but it basically always come back to that. The Story is very good, the Graphics are great, the Characters are memerable, and the games replay value is through the roof. In the end the game is worth every penny.
game-hours: 520.1
review: Is really good, dragons for days
game-hours: 266.6
review: this game is great except the arent enough dragons and guns so 2/10
game-hours: 32.3
review: A game that doesn't let you play it for 5 mins, it makes you play for hours. Addictive.
game-hours: 92.4
review: one of greatest games EVER
game-hours: 17.9
review: ONE OF THE BEST ENDER SCROLLS
game-hours: 171.1
review: rouge+alduin=?
game-hours: 168.4
review: You can be a Sith Lord now shut up and buy it
game-hours: 94.1
review: Come on you know you need this game. What more can I say?
game-hours: 180.7
review: Bethesda pretty much took Oblivion, and improved almost every aspect of the game. I DIDN'T THINK THAT WAS POSSIBLE! There's a strong focus on combat now, with finishing moves, better stealth, better sounds. It's really more visceral. I also like the environments which are teeming with life. There's so much to do, it's overwhelming at times. Add the fact that it has steam workshop support with an almost limitless amount of user generated content, you're looking at easily over 100hrs from me out of this game. Among my top three games of all time.
game-hours: 230.6
review: i recommend this game rly
game-hours: 81.1
review: The. Best. Game.
game-hours: 4.7
review: It's like Skyrim, but with more Skyrim -- 10/10 IGN
game-hours: 37.8
review: This is the most beautiful thing in gaming history. The only bad thing about it is how you have to say goodbye to your life after starting it.
game-hours: 168.5
review: I saw a mudcrab By the water, recently I steer clear of them. They have sharp pincers I avoid them when I can Their meat isn't bad.
game-hours: 410.6
review: I have so many hours in this game on PC and console, i have no idea what to write. So here is a Muffin recipe. Muffins Ingredients 1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour 1/3 cup sugar 2 teaspoons baking powder 1/4 teaspoon salt 1 egg, beaten 3/4 cup milk 1/4 cup cooking oil Directions Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Grease twelve 2-1/2-inch muffin cups or line with paper bake cups; set aside. In a medium bowl combine flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt. Make a well in center of flour mixture; set aside. In another bowl combine egg, milk, and oil. Add egg mixture all at once to flour mixture. Stir just until moistened (batter should be lumpy). Spoon batter into prepared muffin cups, filling each 2/3 full. If desired, sprinkle Streusel Topping over muffin batter in cups. Bake for 18 to 20 minutes or until golden and a wooden toothpick inserted in centers comes out clean. Cool in muffin cups on a wire rack for 5 minutes. Remove from muffin cups; serve warm. Makes 12 muffins.
game-hours: 1186.1
review: You'll have a great time. If you don't crash.
game-hours: 17.9
review: Man this game is just WOW, so much to do even without the DLC's but I reccomend getting this game for sure its mostly a freeroam and helping people out, but still I think if you get this game you must buy the hearthfire DLC, this way you can have children and a wife and a decent house that is buildable :D
game-hours: 1992.6
review: The only reason I have been able to spend so much time into Skyrim is because of LoversLab. That site makes Skyrim so....*perveted yet alive* Sorry, I'm just a 21 year old man who wants to look at video-game  okay!? Not my fault I have so much spare time and nothing to do with it...
game-hours: 103.3
review: Good bye Social life !
game-hours: 173.7
review: Had played this much n yet it still not enough then buy all the DLC still not enough, then download over +150 mods n yet havent finish the storyline 11/10 would continue the journey
game-hours: 402.3
review: This game is complete ing wank.
game-hours: 556.2
review: I've spent much time in this game. Even though there are bugs, and some may get annoyed by quests that simply say "bring this and that to me and I'll give you this and tha" , I really enjoy every second I've had playing it. I can easilly recommand it even to people that didn't play many RPGs, or none in their lives.
game-hours: 762.7
review: True to all Elder Scrolls games, Skyrim takes you from muddled and shady beginnings to become a mighty hero of legend by completing tasks both epic and tirvial alike. Slay dragons, vampires, werevolves, legions of soldiers and bandits, delve into deep dungeons and climb the highest mountains. Collect stuff, store it in random barrels and boxes. Collect more stuff, build a huge rustic mansion with it, then spend a week in game moving all yourt stuff from random barrels and boxes into barrels and boxes in your new house. Find a cook/piggy bank to live with you (they call it marriage for some reason), adopt a dirty kid, and proceed to neglect them both as you go out an slay more dragons and punch a mudcrab. I honestly cringe to think of how much time I waste in this game not even really playing it and just dealing with my collection of...stuff. Most of which I never use. I'm a digital hoarder for no apparent reason considering in the real world I have zero inclination to collect anything whatsoever. So there's that: this game develops latent psychological disorders, but only when you are playing the game. Anyway, this is your typical TES game fare. Combat and levelling is much improved over previous titles, but is still nothing amazing. The leveled loot and creatures system is arguably better than Oblivion's, but still manages to reduce the fun factor in my opinion. Honestly, if everything is roughly the same proportionate strength relative to me throughout the entire process, I never get the sense of making any real progress. Plus, leveled loot just sucks in general. I go through the process of attaining a legendary artifact of the gods at a relatively low level, and so I'm punished for such a feat in that the item is in a diminished state that never improves. Boo to that. There is always plenty of stuff to do, though. The main quest and side "civil war" quests are lacking in the epic department (mostly out of presentation), so the real fun comes from making your own story. As always, characters suffer from what I like to call "Bethesda Face," wherein the emotions conveyed visually hardly match the voice acting, usually to a comical effect because it's like witnessing wax museum characters acting. They try, but it always falls short. Voice acting is decent, but lacks variety (in number of voices, that is). Graphics are equally decent, but can easily be made great by mods. Speaking of, just about anything wrong with the game can be remedied by mods. A lot can be said about Bethesda (mostly negative, in my mind), but if anything they do a great job supporting the modding community. As such, every time they release an unpolished and usually unfinished game, you can be sure eventually the userbase will turn it into something pretty awesome. So, as always, you do a vanilla run just to see what it's all about, then use the community to play a game that is worthwhile and never look back to the retail version. I have a bit of a love/hate (mostly hate) relationship with Bethesda, but TES always keeps me coming back for hundreds of hours of my life because at the very least the lore is fantastic, and the sandbox type approach to the world lets me make my own fun. If that's not an endorsement, I don't know what is. tl;dr: Boo Bethesda. Yay Elder Scrolls with dragons. Huzzah mods. Punch a mudcrab.
game-hours: 277.3
review: Enjoy :)
game-hours: 136.7
review: Awesome
game-hours: 151.3
review: One of the best rpgs in exsistance!
game-hours: 1449.3
review: It's alright.
game-hours: 39.4
review: This game is so much fun. I have played this game so much, it's not even funny. I have around 100 hours on the xbox, and you can see how many I have on here. It is a great game for anyone. I highly reccomend playing it. WARNING highly addictive
game-hours: 36.7
review: I killed a chicken, it exploded. 10/10
game-hours: 72.5
review: Been playing for more than 200 hours on another account, this game is amazing! 9.5/10
game-hours: 12.9
review: My friend told me he didn't like The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim Two weeks later he got hit by a taxi... Three weeks later I lost my taxi license...
game-hours: 342.3
review: This game taught me how to steal. 10/10 - Would put a pot in someone's head again.
game-hours: 45.1
review: Like Skyrim with Skyrim -IGN
game-hours: 221.8
review: Best game ever :P
game-hours: 212.2
review: The only game you'll ever need on Steam.
game-hours: 95.3
review: Very heroic, adventurous and exciting! This game is an RPG, Adventure where you wonder around, visit temples, enter pubs, shops and all sorts! There is also a wide range of races to chose such as: Argonian, Breton, Dark Elf, High Elf and much more! Brilliant game! 10/10!
game-hours: 414.8
review: "Must be another one of those  RPing games with bad graphics and 5 or less quests." I thought to myself when I downloaded this game. Then I found out its, so far, the BEST RPing game I've ever played! Dragons, Daedrics, Joinable Armies, Hundreds of quests, Great graphics, Great DLCs', The abillity to become a Human, Orc, Khajiit (cat man), Elf, ETC, The possibillities are (almost) Endless! I personaly love being a Kajiit in the Imperial Army (good), but others might like being Stormcloak (rebel) Elves, (and no, not the HL2 rebels) Maybe even a Neutral Orc! What I'm trying to say is, if you play this game, be prepared. It is so fun it can be addicting. Now, it will get boring after a while when you have no quests or when the game glitches to where you cant do a quest (this happened to me on some quests, but most got fixed). But, there are cheats, like godmode (tgm in console) or putting "showracemenu" in the console to change your characters race and name, (sorta like the lady in the theives guild when you download the Dawnguard DLC) but your status will be messed up. I recommend saving before using the showracemenu cheat, to avoid re-doing quests to save your status. I know i've said it before, but prepare yourself, this game IS addicting, like TF2 was before i got this game! The Elder Scrolls : V Skyrim Buy now for $20.00, or $40.00 for all 3 DLCS (Dawnguard, Hearthfire, and Dragonborn)!
game-hours: 42.2
review: this game has everything dragons,bandits,zombies(draguers) and it also has mod support and for a RPG it has great graphics
game-hours: 170.3
review: Went up to a furry mammoth to make friends. See a Giant running towards me. I run towards him. I say Hi. He smashes me downward with his club. Somehow, i am flying accross the beautiful snow mountains of Skyrim. 11/10 Would say hi again
game-hours: 236.2
review: buy.it.now
game-hours: 803.6
review: On the subject on editing my previous review, I will. Let's be honest here, I love this game, it is so ing addicting and fun. The graphics and audio are great and I love the open world experience. Seriously, this game combines all my favorite genres in one. It really is unlimited quests. But if we're technically speaking here, there's a few problems with TES: V S. One is that there is a good amount of glitches that really stop you from playing a quest. Also the combat system is repetitive. But that doesn't matter Skyrim, because I'll keep coming back for more! 9.5/10
game-hours: 8.5
review: The Elder Scrolls V: is a good reboot of the Pacman franchise, please note the V: in the title, it isn't a :V because this is a gritty edgy hardcore reboot
game-hours: 852.3
review: This game is just amazing. I've played it so much, but still not enough. Not only is this game extremley immersive, it also has endless replayability. Every single character will be different, I can guarentee you that. But for those days that you do get bored while playing the game, you can browse the workshop and websites for mods to inhance your Skyrim expirience! I suggest to anyone that does not own this game to buy it right now.
game-hours: 86.1
review: Skyrim has quickly become a classic open world RPG. It set the bar up a few more notches as far as gameplay, but the real fun begins when you start adding mods to the Skyrim world. The plethora of mods out there will help you increase graphics, interest and gameplay... all customized to your own wishes. Skyrim is already a great game. The ability to mod this great game makes it so much better! If you are an elder scrolls fan, or just an RPG fan.. I couldn't recomend this game enough.
game-hours: 163.2
review: This is a game, you should get it.
game-hours: 46.2
review: Who needs a girlfriend when you got this.
game-hours: 94.9
review: The only way that this game could be better is by adding either Pokemon or the legend of Zelda! The PC version is better by far as there are bearly any bugs other than the odd frostbite spiders XD. 8/10
game-hours: 262.4
review: Very amazing and expansive game with tons to do where you will never get bored.
game-hours: 128.5
review: Epic storyline. Endless exploration. Extraordinary graphi.... AH HELL NO, I AIN'T GETTING NEAR THAT SPIDER... *turns off game*. 100 bottles of Ortho Bug Spray out of 10.
game-hours: 235.1
review: Love this game! Super epic!
game-hours: 85.3
review: Skyrim, like most games in the Elder Scrolls series, is a game for when you want to forget you're you for days or weeks at a time and not even feel bad when you finally return to the land of the living.
game-hours: 1169.9
review: It's ok.
game-hours: 228.4
review: nice
game-hours: 182.6
review: Love this Game!
game-hours: 254.2
review: Pizza 10/10
game-hours: 94.5
review: I love potatos
game-hours: 168.4
review: It's alright.
game-hours: 207.1
review: Great game. Hours of Fun.
game-hours: 81.7
review: welcome to the biggest competitor to the highly anticipated Farm Simulator 2013 i got scared because i just watched the hobbit movie and dragons are scary i would give it a 4/10 purely for the flower picking option
game-hours: 38.5
review: Dr. Cheese: Hell HellRaiser: yes? Dr. Cheese: This game gave me back my virginity after I sacrificed it to Dota 2 10/10 most boner-incuding breathing intensifying game you'll ever experience.
game-hours: 431.8
review: Will consume your soul for several weeks. Highly recommended for no-lifers!
game-hours: 321.2
review: Saw a dragon and punched it to death 11/10 IGN
game-hours: 170.7
review: Excellent RP game, reccomend it to any role-player!
game-hours: 157.8
review: Great game lots of fun, classic!
game-hours: 151.3
review: I mean, it's Skyrim. F*cking buy it, mate. F*cking buy it...
game-hours: 313.1
review: TES 5: Skyrim is a great part of the series, and highly moddable just like it's predescessors. It's a game I'm able to put down for a month, pick up later to find vast amounts of new content mods that change the experience all over again.
game-hours: 2.9
review: I played this game and all I got through was the wagon ride in the begining.
game-hours: 172.2
review: So much mods, beautiful graphics and landscapes; endless playability. Sets the benchmark in the hugely successful Elder Scrolls franchise; will be hard to beat. A staple game in anyones Steam library~!
game-hours: 225.9
review: I haven't fought many mudcrabs fiercer than this game.
game-hours: 91.7
review: I love this game I like going to the church and giving my holy books to the little kids. Get skyrim today.
game-hours: 48.9
review: Best Game Ever
game-hours: 132.1
review: This game is simply amazing. I've never gotten bored of it. There's so much to explore, so much to find, so many quests, and much, much more. A lot of funny things can also happen in this game, most of them weren't meant to be in the game (you know what I mean, guys, glitches. But enjoyable glitches at that, if that makes any sense to you). The graphics are amazing, and they make the game look beautiful. This game is awesome, and and I recommend that you BUY BUY BUY. Hand them the money. You'll never regret it. Ever. 50/10 BUY!
game-hours: 453.2
review: This is my first Elder Scrolls game and compared to most games it does have some issues with glitches, but overall it is totally worth it! The scenery is beautiful and I love the open world/do missions when you want to aspect. You can play it however you like to. The only thing you don't have much choice with is a lot of the random dragon attacks have to be dealt with even though you are on a mission to get something else accomplished. I normally play shooters and this has been a nice change. I probably would not play it if there was no bow & arrow because it is the only shooting weapon. If you work hard and explore a lot and get the major missions done, you can become a force to be reckoned with! ;-) MANY mods available to do whatever you want and totally change the game and add missions/areas etc.
game-hours: 72.8
review: my waifu is really ing hot
game-hours: 428.3
review: As a real life musician, I find the lack of ability to actually play instruments disturbing. 0/10 Jk lol I had fun
game-hours: 11.4
review: Like being Hitler's father- it just makes you happy to watch people die 10/10 would kill everyone
game-hours: 110.4
review: theres funny knee jokes 10/10
game-hours: 114.1
review: It's Skyrim... Nuff said.
game-hours: 2.5
review: i was going to write a review but THEN I TOOK LE ARROW TO LE KNEEE XD HAHA IM SUCH A NERD XD
game-hours: 143.4
review: It's a game
game-hours: 79.3
review: shouted a goat off of a mountain 10/10 would shout at goats again
game-hours: 129.3
review: Rating: 9/10 This game has to be in my top 3 for favorites. Yet have I experienced a game such as this one. In my opinon, this is a definite step up in The Elder Scrolls series. I am very pleased with this game, and it is deffinetly possible to tell Bethesda has put as much effort into this game as possible. I have yet to finish (I doubt I ever will with all these mods) but is a definite must buy. If you have some spare cash, you must be braindead to not pick up this amazing game. There are little to no cons to this game. However, the fact that the DLC costs more than the game is a bit of a turn-off from purchasing the DLC, but I still heavily reccomend it. This game will be remebered, is a classic for the Elder Scrolls series, and is a must buy.
game-hours: 129.3
review: Rating: 9/10 This game has to be in my top 3 for favorites. Yet have I experienced a game such as this one. In my opinon, this is a definite step up in The Elder Scrolls series. I am very pleased with this game, and it is deffinetly possible to tell Bethesda has put as much effort into this game as possible. I have yet to finish (I doubt I ever will with all these mods) but is a definite must buy. If you have some spare cash, you must be braindead to not pick up this amazing game. There are little to no cons to this game. However, the fact that the DLC costs more than the game is a bit of a turn-off from purchasing the DLC, but I still heavily reccomend it. This game will be remebered, is a classic for the Elder Scrolls series, and is a must buy.
game-hours: 267.0
review: How to start... well, to this day, this has been, in my eyes, one of the best games ever. Now, I am not the kind of guy to basically spend my life playing one game, but some of my friends are, and with over 5000 on just his xbox copy (180 on pc) he says that he still is finding new things to do, and I don't doubt him. If you have not played this game, where have you been for the last 2 years?!
game-hours: 53.6
review: Love it endless options and quests
game-hours: 24.4
review: Skyrim is a game with several flaws (a few dumbed down mechanics, horrible default UI, tons of little bugs, etc) but it's just so epic in scale and immersive that you really won't give two  about those little problems. Besides, there's mods on Nexus and Workshop.
game-hours: 10.1
review: 1. starting the game as a captive. I could choose to be either human or a dinosaur. 2. Killed the wolf, took fur and 8 gold from him. 3. killed the chicken, whole village came to beat me up Slept on a mission. 10/10
game-hours: 59.6
review: sticks and stones may break my bones but giants are huge b!tches
game-hours: 9.5
review: A vast landscape, an amazing story, amazing visuals, spoiled by a bunch of idiot teenagers who say they've played the previous ones. Now it's overrated. Fun, but overrated. 7/10 Kill all annoying teens.
game-hours: 72.8
review: This game on Vanilla is like raw meat. Simple, hard to enjoy and ugly. But when you install mods everything changes. There can be more adventures, weaponry or annoying NPCS, like racists nords, pesky elves and underrated khajiits and argonians. At least DeviantArt hasn't touch this game. Still, I loved the game for the first time I played it.
game-hours: 471.0
review: "Do you reccomend this game?" Yes.
game-hours: 110.1
review: BEST GAME EVAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA! 10/10
game-hours: 67.6
review: Best game ever i ever seen in my life. I have new life, new wife, new kids, new power and new were animal. I explore around Skyrim and solstheim! Yol Toor Shul...!
game-hours: 643.9
review: "8/8 m8" -IGN
game-hours: 166.0
review: My brother bought this at gamestop for 30 dollars used. I bought it on steam for 7.49.
game-hours: 49.8
review: Nude Mods. Fapping everytime.
game-hours: 234.6
review: Very op great game, I recomend it to everyone!
game-hours: 207.1
review: 75/100 Stand-Alone 95/100 Legendary Edition 100/100 With Mods
game-hours: 131.5
review: Go to Steam Workshop (or Nexus Mods, whichever you prefer). Download random mods, at least a hundred, have fun. Repeat until either Elder Scrolls VI comes out or you run out of mods. Thing is, you will never run out of mods. NEVER.
game-hours: 80.2
review: an unforgetable adventure and by far the best adventure rpg ive ever played. my favorite ES game
game-hours: 67.6
review: This game is really just super fun buy it
game-hours: 9.5
review: :
game-hours: 4.5
review: Best on PC! Sandbox, open world, non-linear! A true moddable gem!
game-hours: 214.4
review: Great game to mod, plenty of mods to choose from to enhance open world play. a little buggy and the basic Hud is not good for PC but mod hud skyui fixes most of the hud related issues.
game-hours: 125.3
review: It's like Skyrim with guns, without guns.
game-hours: 442.7
review: its probably the best game i ever played
game-hours: 171.4
review: It's on sale right now. Buy it. There's a fantastic community of modders on this game and it increases the replay value by so much. 9.5/10
game-hours: 13.2
review: is gud
game-hours: 70.5
review: 10/10 GOTY
game-hours: 195.8
review: is in my humble opinion the best Open World game to this date. While the main story might not be too exciting, the world, its environment, the sounds, graphics and the granted Mod support for Skyrim make real life almost obsolete.
game-hours: 78.6
review: Discovered you couldn't breathe in space, thanks to giants. 7.8/10, too much snow
game-hours: 347.0
review: I still haven't played the main questline.
game-hours: 23.5
review: Do you like going outside? Then you'll hate this game 10/10
game-hours: 80.1
review: Probably the best open-world RPG out there. Definitely one of my all-time favourite games. The replayability is superb and the modding community is highly active, which makes it easy to play the game the way you want to play it. For me the modding experience has been the greatest aspect of the game. You can easily make the game graphics look like up to date games (as long as you have a decent graphics card). The atmosphere in the game and the way the game feels alive is something that will keep amaze you throughout the game. It really feels like a living world, even though you will stumble upon bad or awkward NPC movements and behaviour (but mods can help fix this). The music and voice acting is as good as it can get. If you like RPGs there are no reasons why you shouldnt own this game already. 10/10.
game-hours: 551.7
review: its pretty good
game-hours: 86.4
review: Best game ever it was 3 steezi 5 me fam 10/10
game-hours: 93.9
review: Game of the Year of the Century
game-hours: 297.5
review: my soul is trapped inside this game, help.
game-hours: 860.1
review: Judged by how many hours i've put into this game you probably already know how much I love this game and the Elder Scrolls games alike, but im going to break down how fkn awesome this game is very briefly: Fkn Great Quests! Fkn Great Lore! Fkn Great Loot! Fkn Fun Game! Fkn BEST GAME EVARRRR!!! Does this help? >:D
game-hours: 175.1
review: awesome
game-hours: 300.6
review: The real question is who wouldn't love this game? you become almost anything, a hunter, assasin, theif, criminal, and even a jarl for crying out loud!
game-hours: 75.9
review: I killed a chicken, the intire town banded together to kill me. 11/10
game-hours: 851.4
review: Worst game I've ever played. 10/10.
game-hours: 100.9
review: BEST,GAME,EVAR!
game-hours: 72.9
review: "Like Farcry 3 without guns"
game-hours: 275.0
review: like fallout with swords 10/10 - ign
game-hours: 14.5
review: First of all I have to say that this is my first TES series game. I am big fan of J.R.R. Tolkien's The Lord of the rings and The Hobbit series. Playing this game I find a lot of similarities to the Tolkien's Middle-earth. In both series act is held in the fictional-universe, the world is huge and beautiful, there are many races which have their advantages and disadvantages (some of theme are strong, some of them are magicians and etc), the name of characters look similar and there ar DRAGONS. I am not a big fan of RPG games, but skyrim charmed me because of it's interesting story. One day I would love to see the Skyrim movie.
game-hours: 73.9
review: An amazing RPG with a lot of things to do and with a variety of weapons , armors , decisions and of course mods.
game-hours: 167.4
review: One of the best games I've played
game-hours: 207.1
review: I'm pretty sure my girlfriend plays this more than me, and she loves it, and so do I, a very fun game!
game-hours: 75.1
review: Everything's for sale my friend. Everything. If I had a sister I'd sell her in a second. 10/10
game-hours: 27.6
review: 10/10 Mods make it better.
game-hours: 60.5
review: Best RPG i have ever played. 70/10
game-hours: 17.4
review: skyrim is a good game because you can make your character a cat. also, you can find a girl and get married, but who wants to do that when you can ride a dragon? a good video game
game-hours: 201.0
review: YOU NEVER SHOULD HAVE COME HERE!! :D
game-hours: 1.7
review: Addicting game! Too bad the vanilla characters are so ugly :/
game-hours: 33.4
review: Playing Skyrim is like eating brownies or beating children... You can't stop.
game-hours: 203.2
review: Many people complain that this game destroyed their social life, but that wasn't a problem for me. You can't destroy something that didn't exist in the first place! MUWHAHAHAHAHA!!!
game-hours: 166.4
review: Across PC and Xbox I've probably sunk well over 300 hours into Skyrim. If you count watching friends play it too, it'd be closer to 500. The only game I might have sunk more hours into would be Halo, and even then thats across 7 games, not one. Best game of the last decade. Easily.
game-hours: 77.4
review: AWESOME!
game-hours: 237.6
review: Avarage story, lot of quests, lot of stuff, addictive soundtrack, bugs, cheap game, very low gameplay feeling, awesome mod support and lot of guards that were adventurers like you.... than they took arrow in the knee.
game-hours: 36.7
review: Good thing I got my girlfriend to share accounts before she dumped me. 10/10 would certainly get free games again.
game-hours: 27.6
review: 10/10 Mods make it better.
game-hours: 60.5
review: Best RPG i have ever played. 70/10
game-hours: 17.4
review: skyrim is a good game because you can make your character a cat. also, you can find a girl and get married, but who wants to do that when you can ride a dragon? a good video game
game-hours: 201.0
review: YOU NEVER SHOULD HAVE COME HERE!! :D
game-hours: 129.5
review: Mods, mods and more fawkin mods, This game is amazing even without them, With tons of quests and  to explore, Even stuff to do like collection stuff, I collect books! 9.5/10
game-hours: 210.1
review: If you dont have this game, i feel sorry for you.
game-hours: 317.3
review: Put a bucket over a shopkeeper's head, then i stole everything. 10/10 Would use bucket again.
game-hours: 297.2
review: I used to be the hero of Skyrim, but then I accidentally killed a chicken... keep calm and fus ro dah
game-hours: 147.0
review: Love this game! However, just make sure your computer can handle it.
game-hours: 4.7
review: It's like Skyrim, but with more Skyrim -- 10/10 IGN
game-hours: 95.1
review: mods.
game-hours: 203.2
review: Many people complain that this game destroyed their social life, but that wasn't a problem for me. You can't destroy something that didn't exist in the first place! MUWHAHAHAHAHA!!!
game-hours: 166.4
review: Across PC and Xbox I've probably sunk well over 300 hours into Skyrim. If you count watching friends play it too, it'd be closer to 500. The only game I might have sunk more hours into would be Halo, and even then thats across 7 games, not one. Best game of the last decade. Easily.
game-hours: 124.9
review: Skyrim immerses you in its beautiful world filled with lore and endless adventures. The immersion allows for fun role play. You can play as the valiant warrior, aiding the helpless and discovering your destiny as the dragonborn. You can also play as a ruthless  orc, ravaging everyone in your path creating endless enemies on your way to infamy.
game-hours: 93.8
review: HE is dragonborn! *falls of cliff and kills himself* yep that was how my first non story dragon fight went. anyway down to why i have decided to write this review. so skyrim is one of my new favorite games, i love it. i mean charging at a dragon to get that cinamatic kill and thoes times where you miss click and your character decides. *hmmm im fighting a dragon right now and i need to heal so let me just holster my weapon so i can get burned horrificly. so my verdict on skyrim is 9/10 not a 10 because i have moments where the game just says f**k you matt you aint going to take one more step or i will bluescreen you! overall a enjoyable experiance. dragon "fus ro dah!!!!!" *matt flys off into orbit*
game-hours: 184.9
review: Incredible gameplay with lots of different stuff to do and a pretty immersive experience. Not to mention the no restriction character creation and the huge world! It does still have bugs, glitches and exploits but not gamebreaking. Verdict : A must have for fantasy rpg lovers! 8.50/10
game-hours: 7.7
review: One of the best fantasy RPG's I have ever played. Its like GTA but you can be a human, an orc, lizards, or Kahjit (cats), and all sorts of other creatures. And you can fight dragons that come at random times. And the map, well, its just 250 times bigger than New york city. And the Elder scrolls Online (different game) I was a beta tester and when I saw that map, it was bigger than the USA. But this game is singleplayer, which I like because its not monthly fee like the elder scrolls online. You can aslo chose to be a warrior (you can learn more attacks and things easily) you can be a Wizard (you earn spells faster) or you can be a Thief (you can learn lockpicking, pick-pocketing, and sneaking a lot faster). And a lot of people say that the game lags a lot. I have a really bad computer and I get atleast 40 fps so I dont know if those people are like playing a Windows XP or something. So please get this game if you like these kind of games. Totally worth $20 (well for me its like $4 because of sales). And remember, there is almost 100000 people who think its positive and 2000 people who think its negative... Do the math....
game-hours: 53.7
review: This is the worst game to ever be made, there's no guns and i had to read this is bulshiot i never want to play this gaylord fager game again fauk u bethseda even the experts agree "1/10 worst sword fites ever" - game informer "2/50 wouldnt let my autistic dog play this" - ur momma only homos play this peace of sheit fauk u 1/10 all over
game-hours: 168.4
review: It's alright.
game-hours: 207.1
review: Great game. Hours of Fun.
game-hours: 188.4
review: It's pretty good.
game-hours: 74.9
review: Morrowind>Shivering Isles>Oblivion>Skyrim. What can I say I prefer the classics.
game-hours: 116.5
review: This game is amazing even with or without DLCs, but for mods or other content i should recommend getting to legendary edition. I haven't even hit the limit of completing all the side/main quest so it makes the game make you play 500+ hours. I honesly would recommend this game to anyone that a fan of roly playing gamer or not a fan of them. For a 2011 game it's still better then most games now.
game-hours: 24.2
review: 'User reviews: Overwhelmingly Positive (91,233 reviews)' Why did you bother looking here?
game-hours: 196.5
review: Otherwise known as "Mod it till it crashes harder than Helen Keller driving a SUV." Great fun, Loads of mods, Limitless Potential. 10/10, would mod again.
game-hours: 289.0
review: Awesome game. Kill Dragons n shiz =)
game-hours: 16.9
review: LOVE IT! Can have hours of endless fun. Best part is shooting down the dragons!
game-hours: 132.5
review: To be honest, I would only be playing this game if you are willing to take the time and mod it. I've probably put in at least a hundred hours or two "at a friend's house". The vanilla garphics and gameplay get stale pretty quick, but mods provide dozens and dozens more hours of entertainment and variety. For mods, I would recommend going to Nexus Mods. They have a much wider selection of mods and is much less restricted. GET THIS GAME.
game-hours: 210.1
review: If you dont have this game, i feel sorry for you.
game-hours: 162.5
review: One of the greatest achievements of this generation. Those who say otherwise are being intentionally contrarian or truly lack perspective. I doubt most of the naysayers could tell you what a sprite or a sidescroller is. Spoiled rotten. TES is a magnificent universe.
game-hours: 4652.9
review: This is the game the never, ever ends. I picked this game up thinking I wouldn't like it having never played a previous TES game before. Sat in my Library untouched for about a month or two, and finally took the plunge. I was wrong. I was so very, very wrong. This is probably the best purchase I've ever made on steam. Add in the unlimited potential of modding, and it's an adventure that continues forever. I've probably restarted over a hundred times by now with a new character, and still only have beaten Alduin once. ONCE. There's still so much more do to and explore that I'm still discovering quests and areas and little hidden things. I still can't believe how much there is to do and I'm still finding more. At it stands I'll probably wake up one day having lost all touch with reality and actually start seeing the world as Skyrim with how much I've played. And I'm totally ok with that.
game-hours: 3210.9
review: Ruined my life. Five stars.
game-hours: 1164.7
review: If I had to choose between this game, and my girlfriend. I'd pick this game. EDIT: I'm single now ON A MORE SERIOUS NOTE: This game is the best in its genre. In previous Bethesda games they made a sad balance in between Questing, and Exploration. Some having more quests and less places to go, and others having very few quests and more places to explore. But in Skyrim, there is no shortage of quests, and if you are like myself and just wander around aimlessly, you will stumble into places that just blow your mind. Every time I have replayed this game, I stumbled into something new. For more info i'd very much recommend mods, with mods such as texture packs, difficulty, quests, armor, and weapons, this games replay value is endless. Go through the game once with plain skyrim, then mod the hell out of it. Overall I'd rate this game an EASY 10/10. If you haven't already. Please buy it, give it a little, and I swear you will be hooked.
game-hours: 150.9
review: >murdered Nazeem in the middle of town >carried him up to the Cloud District >threw his corpse down into some nearby water >retrieved his corpse >carried him back to the middle of town >guards see me, don't care >left Nazeem's corpse bent over a well >guard hard staring me whole time >decide to leave market place >accidentally hit "E" while looking at tomato >get sent to jail for stealing tomato 10/10
game-hours: 247.4
review: An epic game made all the more epic by the fact that it is so easy to mod and so well supported by the modding community. The Elder Scrolls series has a large following and often you will hear people argue over each new TES game comparing it to the last, but for me each TES game stands on its own merits, and Skyrim is no exception. The story is pretty good and there are plenty of side quests, but what makes Skyrim so great even when not modded is its large and open nature. This is a land you can just pick a direction and with no quest in mind and just explore. You will find danger and excitement on your journey ... and loot. Lots and lots of loot. But once you start modding this game, that is when you unlock the true value that is Skyrim. Potentially thousands more hours content (for free) in a game that can be improved ten thousand different ways from graphics, textures and sounds all the way to game mechanics and user interface changes. You can make the game exactly what you need it to be, and play it for so long you may still be playing when the next game in this series comes out.... and sometimes longer than even that. If you are interested in modding the PC version of the game, be sure to check out my guide for beginners:
game-hours: 148.5
review: A game where trying to interact with giants holding clubs turns into the funding of NASA's space program.
game-hours: 12816.1
review: Play it, mod it, play it again, mod it some more... It's a dangerous cycle: your pets will die of neglect and your friends will leave you. You won't care, you'll just install more mods.
game-hours: 92.5
review: I was stacking books on a shelf in my house in Whiterun, one of Skyrim's major cities, when I noticed a weapon rack right beside it. I set a sacrificial dagger in one slot, an Orcish mace in the other. They were on display for nobody but me and my computer-controlled housecarl, Lydia, who sat at a table patiently waiting for me to ask her to go questing. The chest upstairs was reserved for excess weapons and armor, the bedside table for smithing ingots and ores, the one next to the Alchemy table for ingredients. I'd meticulously organized my owned virtual property not because I had to, but because tending to the minutia of domestic life is a comforting break from dealing with screaming frost trolls, dragons, a civil war, and job assignments that never seem to go as planned. It's even a sensible thing to do; a seemingly natural component of every day existence in Skyrim, one of the most fully-realized, easily enjoyable, and utterly engrossing role-playing games ever made. Part of what makes it so enjoyable has to do with how legacy Elder Scrolls clutter has been condensed and in some cases eliminated. In Skyrim, there's no more moon-hopping between hilltops with a maxed out Acrobatics skill. That's gone, so is Athletics. The Elder Scrolls V pares down the amount of skills and cuts out attributes like Endurance and Intelligence altogether. There's no time wasted on the character creation screen agonizing over which skills to assign as major. You don't assign major and minor skills at all, but instead pick one of ten races, each with a specific bonus. High Elves can once a day regenerate magicka quickly, Orcs can enter a berserk rage for more effective close-range combat. These abilities are best paired with certain character builds  the High Elf regeneration is useful for a magic user  but don't represent a rigid class choice. Major decisions don't need to be made until you're already out in the world and can try out magic, sneaking and weapon combat, emphasizing first-hand experience over instruction manual study, letting you specialize only when you're ready. It contributes to the thrilling sense of freedom associated with life in Skyrim. Do a quest, kill a dragon, snatch torchbugs from the air, munch on butterfly wings or simply wander while listening to one of the best game soundtracks in recent memory. Despite the enormity of the world and the colossal amount of content contained within, little feels random and useless. Even chewing on a butterfly wing has purpose, as it reveals one of several alchemical parameters later useful in potion making at an alchemy table. Mined ore and scraps of metal from Dwemer ruins can be smelted into ingots and fashioned into armor sets, pelts lifted from slain wildlife can be turned into leather armor sets, and random books plucked from ancient ruins can trigger hidden quest lines that lead to valuable rewards. Skyrim's land mass is absolutely stuffed with content and curiosities, making every step you take, even if it's through what seems like total wilderness, an exciting one, as something unexpected often lies just over the next ridge. Many times the unexpected takes the form of a dragon. Sometimes they're purposefully placed to guard relics, sometimes they swoop over cities and attack at seemingly random times. In the middle of a fight against a camp of bandits a dragon might strike, screaming through the sky and searing foe and friendly alike with frost or flame. Momentarily all on the battlefield unite, directing arrows and magic blasts upward to knock down the creature, creating impromptu moments of camaraderie -- a surprising change from what may have been yet another by-the-numbers bandit camp sweep. Dragons show up often, their presence announced by an ominous flap of broad wings or an otherworldly scream from high above. The scale and startling detail built into each creature's appearance and animations as it circles, stops to attack, circles again and slams to the ground makes encounters thrilling, though their predictable attack patterns lessen the excitement after a few battles. In the long run they're far less irritating than the Oblivion gate equivalent from The Elder Scrolls IV, can be completed in a few minutes, and always offer a useful reward. Killing a dragon yields a soul, which powers Skyrim's new Shout system. These are magical abilities any character can use, you don't have to specialize in spell casting to slow time, throw your voice, change the weather, call in allies, blast out ice and fire, or knock back enemies with a rolling wave of pure force. Even if you favor sword, shield and heavy armor and ignore magic entirely, you'll still be able to take full advantage of these abilities provided you find the proper words  each Shout has three  hidden on Skyrim's high snowy peaks and in the depths of forgotten dungeons, serving as another reason to continue exploring long after you've exhausted the main quest story, joined with the Thieves Guild, fought alongside the Dark Brotherhood, or thrown your support behind one of the factions vying for control of Skyrim. Not only is this land under assault by dragons, long thought to be dead, it's also ripped in two by civil war. You can choose one side or the other, but so much of the allure of Skyrim is how, even outside of the confines of quest lines, the embattled state of the world is evident, and steeped in a rich fictional legacy. Lord of the Rings this is not, but with the release of every Elder Scrolls game, the fiction becomes denser, and the cross-referencing for long-time fans all the more rewarding. Skyrim's residents are all aware of current events. They'll comment on the civil war, some sympathizing with the rebels, others thinking the establishment sold its soul. The peasants complain about the Jarls who control each settlement, the Jarls complain about the rebels or foreign policy, the overprotective College librarian complains when I drop dragon scales all over his floor; many characters feel like whole, distinct personalities instead of vacuous nothings that hand out quests like a downtown greeter hands out flyers for discount jeans. Characters stereotype based on race, they double-cross at even the slightest hint it might be profitable, and they react to your evolving stature within the world. It makes a ridiculous realm, filled with computer-controlled cat people and humanoid reptiles, demon gods and dragons, feel authentic, like a world that existed long before you showed up and will continue to exist long after you leave.
game-hours: 68.4
review: Killed an old woman. Stole a plate. Got arrested. (Because of the plate). Fought a dragon. Stole a crown. Got drunk. Became a werewolf. Killed bees with fire. Followed a talking dog. Visited the old dwarven cities. Killed robots. Became an assassin. Killed the emperor. Got beaten to death by a whole town for stealing a cabbage. Became a respected general. Fought bandits. Poisoned mead. Stole cabbage again. 10/10 would Skyrim again.
game-hours: 71.8
review: You can pause in the middle of a battle and consume an ungodly amount of cheese wheels, making this game one of the best games ever to exist simply because of how many cheese wheels you can consume in the middle of a battle. Can you imagine somebody just carrying all these  cheese wheels into battle? Bewilder friends and foe alike with your unholy cheese wheel obsession, you daring thing, you. 10/10, would play again for some more cheese wheels. Also there are dragons and swords and magic and stuff whatever no big deal. P.S. can someone make it so that a single cheese wheel only takes up 0.1 carrying capacity? no reason just that it would be super useful im asking for a friend ok thanks mate
game-hours: 45.1
review: Like Skyrim with Skyrim -IGN
game-hours: 95.3
review: Very heroic, adventurous and exciting! This game is an RPG, Adventure where you wonder around, visit temples, enter pubs, shops and all sorts! There is also a wide range of races to chose such as: Argonian, Breton, Dark Elf, High Elf and much more! Brilliant game! 10/10!
game-hours: 212.2
review: The only game you'll ever need on Steam.
game-hours: 120.6
review: For some reason my girlfriend left me.
game-hours: 36.9
review: Its the best game on steam.Ruined my life....oh wait I dont have one
game-hours: 34.6
review: best chicken killing sim 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 57.4
review: best rpg of all times
game-hours: 1993.7
review: The Elder Scrolls Five, Skyrim, is an awesome game. Definitely worth getting, PROS -Over hundreds of hours of gameplay -Good graphics -Plenty of rememberable characters -Lots of quests -Lots of different enemies to fight -Lots of great storylines and lore -Dynamic enemy and loot generation -Difficulty settings -Unlimited save slots -Progression via levelling and perks -Extensive Character customization -Great DLC content -Excellent Modding support -Plenty of role-playing oppurtunities -steam cloud compatability CONS -Its a bethesda game, so it has a lot of bugs -Tends to crash alot, especially on older and/or modded saves -Easy to accidentelly delete a character forever when working with multiple save files -Stupid NPCs (example, trying to mug someone who just ate a dragon's soul after smashing its skull) -Ocasional muse sync issues -Oficial updates have ended -"Save File bloating" -Limited modding capability (without something called Skyrim Script Extender installed) -Slight fps issues on lower-grade computers
game-hours: 214.9
review: Equal to vitural crack...No really. If you play this game you WILL become addicted. ...that is all.
game-hours: 48.4
review: My favoirite game eva
game-hours: 102.5
review: muy bien
game-hours: 410.6
review: I have so many hours in this game on PC and console, i have no idea what to write. So here is a Muffin recipe. Muffins Ingredients 1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour 1/3 cup sugar 2 teaspoons baking powder 1/4 teaspoon salt 1 egg, beaten 3/4 cup milk 1/4 cup cooking oil Directions Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Grease twelve 2-1/2-inch muffin cups or line with paper bake cups; set aside. In a medium bowl combine flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt. Make a well in center of flour mixture; set aside. In another bowl combine egg, milk, and oil. Add egg mixture all at once to flour mixture. Stir just until moistened (batter should be lumpy). Spoon batter into prepared muffin cups, filling each 2/3 full. If desired, sprinkle Streusel Topping over muffin batter in cups. Bake for 18 to 20 minutes or until golden and a wooden toothpick inserted in centers comes out clean. Cool in muffin cups on a wire rack for 5 minutes. Remove from muffin cups; serve warm. Makes 12 muffins.
game-hours: 12.9
review: My friend told me he didn't like The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim Two weeks later he got hit by a taxi... Three weeks later I lost my taxi license...
game-hours: 342.3
review: This game taught me how to steal. 10/10 - Would put a pot in someone's head again.
game-hours: 36.7
review: I killed a chicken, it exploded. 10/10
game-hours: 72.5
review: Been playing for more than 200 hours on another account, this game is amazing! 9.5/10
game-hours: 126.2
review: I aquired the Mighty Hammer Volendrung and murdered the Chief of an Orc stronghold. I became their new Chief and married the late Chief's daughter. I came home one day and my village was on fire from a Dragon attack. I ran inside and told my wife to come with me. We ran for days until we reached Whiterun where we bought a house and settled in. I told my wife to give me all of our money from our store and to cook me a hot meal. The next morning I set out on a quest across the land - a quest for ultimate power. I came upon Fort Dawnguard on a dark and stormy evening, desperate for shelter and looking to speak with the man in charge. I offered my life and sword for a place in his army of Vampire Hunters and he accepted with gratitude of my bravery and gave me my first quest - to find out what the Vampires are after. I entered a dank dungeon to discover a Vampire entombed, I decided to free it. She led me to her home, Castle Volkihar, where I pledged my eternal allegiance to Vampire Lord Harkon and betrayed my Dawnguard brethren. Lord Harkon gave me a mission - to eliminate all inside of Fort Dawnguard. I did so with haste and I did so with pleasure. When I got to their leader and my former mentor I didn't use my magic, I pierced his flesh with my fangs and drank his life from him slowly. I returned to Castle Volkihar where I then slayed my Master, becoming Vampire Lord Rasputin. I learnt of the ancient power to block out the sun, and so I dipped my Elven arrows into the blood of my Vampire companion, and I shot it into the sky. Complete darkness. I returned to my Orc stronghold swiftly in the night and drained my entire colony of their lives. I came upon my wife in our marital bed and I gently woke her. I bit her neck without a moments hesitation and we fled the colony together, starting our lives anew. I took her to my Castle and they welcomed her into the family with open arms. Only trouble was that my wife used to be my warrior companion...and now I have another. She insisted she come with me to the Depths of Mzinchaleft and I should not have let her...for what await her there I wish I never witnessed. We reached our destination, the heart of the Ruins and were attacked by a Centurian Guardian and two Dwarven Spheres. We retreated to the back corridor as I destroyed the first Sphere with my Hammer, the second one following close. I turn back around and draw my bow to fire at the second Sphere and I let go before I had time to focus... My wife stood in front of my arrow and took it herself, killing her and all the love within my heart. I didn't have time to grieve so I fled the Ruins with haste and returned to my Castle. Filled with despair and hatred for the world, there is not a day that goes by that I do not black out the sun. Every town, every dragon, every animal will feel my rage until there are none left to feel. I have not seen my human form in over 300 days...and I have never returned to Mzinchaleft. ____________________________________________________________ If you haven't heard of Skyrim by 2014 you probably live under a rock. Buy this game, rock dweller. 15/10
game-hours: 127.0
review: Best game ever made in the history of gaming.
game-hours: 39.4
review: This game is so much fun. I have played this game so much, it's not even funny. I have around 100 hours on the xbox, and you can see how many I have on here. It is a great game for anyone. I highly reccomend playing it. WARNING highly addictive
game-hours: 17.9
review: Man this game is just WOW, so much to do even without the DLC's but I reccomend getting this game for sure its mostly a freeroam and helping people out, but still I think if you get this game you must buy the hearthfire DLC, this way you can have children and a wife and a decent house that is buildable :D
game-hours: 34.6
review: best chicken killing sim 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 57.4
review: best rpg of all times
game-hours: 297.2
review: I used to be the hero of Skyrim, but then I accidentally killed a chicken... keep calm and fus ro dah
game-hours: 147.0
review: Love this game! However, just make sure your computer can handle it.
game-hours: 84.0
review: Valve   Add This   Please!   And Give   Me One!
game-hours: 7.7
review: One of the best fantasy RPG's I have ever played. Its like GTA but you can be a human, an orc, lizards, or Kahjit (cats), and all sorts of other creatures. And you can fight dragons that come at random times. And the map, well, its just 250 times bigger than New york city. And the Elder scrolls Online (different game) I was a beta tester and when I saw that map, it was bigger than the USA. But this game is singleplayer, which I like because its not monthly fee like the elder scrolls online. You can aslo chose to be a warrior (you can learn more attacks and things easily) you can be a Wizard (you earn spells faster) or you can be a Thief (you can learn lockpicking, pick-pocketing, and sneaking a lot faster). And a lot of people say that the game lags a lot. I have a really bad computer and I get atleast 40 fps so I dont know if those people are like playing a Windows XP or something. So please get this game if you like these kind of games. Totally worth $20 (well for me its like $4 because of sales). And remember, there is almost 100000 people who think its positive and 2000 people who think its negative... Do the math....
game-hours: 53.7
review: This is the worst game to ever be made, there's no guns and i had to read this is bulshiot i never want to play this gaylord fager game again fauk u bethseda even the experts agree "1/10 worst sword fites ever" - game informer "2/50 wouldnt let my autistic dog play this" - ur momma only homos play this peace of sheit fauk u 1/10 all over
game-hours: 191.5
review: As the fifth installment of the Elderscrolls series, it is truly everything an adventurer and a roleplayer could hope for. Explore a vast region of a world as detailed as the one we all live in. From the southern most city of RIften, with its birch filled woods and highway travelers. To the barbaric mineraltown of Markarth with its cold winds and viking like people, you will surley find something to be inspired by. The countless hours you will spend to just scratch the surface of this huge world will be filled with friends and foes. Whether its a farmer asking for help with his crops, an ancient vampire haunting a town, a troll attacking a trading camp or a legacy of a dragonborn hero waiting to be fullfilled, everything is there for you to experience. I could go on forever trying to explain how vast this game is, but i took an arrow to my knee and now I just want a belly full of mead.
game-hours: 73.1
review: One of the best games i've ever played.
game-hours: 550.1
review: I shouted at a chicken and it was reduced to ashes. 10/10
game-hours: 277.3
review: Enjoy :)
game-hours: 136.7
review: Awesome
game-hours: 151.3
review: One of the best rpgs in exsistance!
game-hours: 1449.3
review: It's alright.
game-hours: 296.4
review: Buy Skyrim. It's wonderful. I hated it at first, constantly comparing it to Morrowind, but when I eventually sopped seeing it as a dumbed down version of the game I grew up with I really started to enjoy it.
game-hours: 166.8
review: First Time I Played.... >Hits chicken >Town ignores dragon and goes apeshit on me 10/10 would never make mistake again.
game-hours: 31.8
review: ohhhhhHHHhhhs hh shhiiIIIIIIiiiiiIIIt how the  do i even fuuuucckkkaskd sdafsdfsda grse grehgtewh
game-hours: 19.4
review: Has console cheats: 10/10 Has sex: 10/10
game-hours: 181.6
review: such good
game-hours: 129.2
review: !
game-hours: 73.1
review: This is one of the most enjoyable singleplayer role playing games i have ever played. there is a lot of replayability and so much to do and discover. I run about wearing the bones of dragons i have slain and i lay waste and slaughter entire villages... whats not to love
game-hours: 442.2
review: Probably the best single player RPG ever made. It's one of the few games out there you really never get tired of, mainly thanks to the many mods available to it.
game-hours: 121.1
review: - crashed my game to the point of no return with 120+ mods - wiped out Whiterun, Solitude, Markarth and Windhelm - dragons  their pants when they hear my name - Blackreach,  yeah! - got launched to space by a giant - chicken are dangerous things to toy with 10/10
game-hours: 11.1
review: is very good game ^^
game-hours: 548.8
review: Pros - Can be modded into hentai sex dungeon simulator 2015 Purdy graphics Really good music especially the dungeon crawling ones So simple even your average gamer can play it NPC's don't look like there missing a chromosone or two Decent story, not very complex but it's good enough Cons - Diehard fans will hate the fact that there are people who have modded it into hentai sex dungeon simulator 2015 Purdy graphics at the expense of actual substance and depth to the game So simple even your average gamer can play it The story isn't anything that unique or has a whole lot of depth to it AI complexity has been watered down since Oblivion to the point that the NPC's are just glorified cardboard cutouts only there to handout quests or items.
game-hours: 76.1
review: This game shows an incredible upgrade from oblivion, in a graphical and gameplay matters, but not only that, it is one of those few, VERY few games that immerses the player with all its might, from the almost infinite amount of quests, the lore and books scattered around the map, the music and mostly the world one experiences is amazing. This game withought a doubt is a masterpiece in the rpg genre, and the best in The Elder Scrolls saga, in my personal opinion. If you have the chance to buy this game i would suggest buying it on the spot, as you are done for hours of incredible gameplay. And on top of all that layer of amazingness, you have the steam workshop, so be ready to sit hours in front of your screen. To end this review i must say that Bethesda has done it again, and gifted us with this marvelous world. (opinion) Score : 98/100
game-hours: 71.7
review: 11/10 would buy again if on sale. Best MMORTS of the year.
game-hours: 199.4
review: i uS3d 2 pl4Igh sKYR1M buTT TH3n 1 t00k AN ARR0 TO d4 knEE!!111111 XD XD
game-hours: 23.2
review: -kills chicken- -1000+ bounty added- 11/10
game-hours: 64.9
review: I've left 11 women at the altar - and counting. Great game ten outta ten
game-hours: 27.5
review: PURELY ING AMAZING!
game-hours: 13.8
review: No guns. 1 out of 5 Although it does have a swimming function, so i'll give it a 2 out of 5
game-hours: 109.7
review: "As wide as an ocean, as deep as a puddle" pretty much sums up the game. It's a very big game and it gives you a lot of freedom to do what you want. You could wipe out a fort filled with bandits or a city filled with townsfolk. You could hunt down a deer and make a snazzy pair of boots with its hide. You can adopt kids or terrorize the populace as a vampire. Unfortunately, almost every feature is very, very shallow. Combat is generally terrible and any pure melee players are going to be bored to tears with the floaty attacks and unresponsive enemy AI. Marriage and adoption consist of maybe a total of three new lines for your NPC of choice. NPCs don't react to you differently if you wipe out their town and come back a few days later. NPC companions (with the exception of two characters added in the DLCs) rarely do or say anything interesting. I originally played some 150+ hours on the Xbox 360 version before I bought a copy for the PC. The Xbox version of Skyrim is fun, but it can't compare to the PC version with mods. Mods have always been an important part of Bethesda games, and Skyrim is no different. There are thousands of mods under Steam's community workshop and nearly 35k on sites like Nexus Mods. They can add new weapons, armor, quests, and mechanics or improve upon the ones already in the game. Pretty much every problem I have with the base game can be fixed by finding the right mod. Despite its faults, Skyrim is a very enjoyable game. The environments are beautiful, the soundtrack is excellent, and the world as a whole is very detailed. The base game has over 200 hours of content and the (free!) mods only add more bang for your buck. If you haven't played Skyrim yet, you're missing out.
game-hours: 14.6
review: Awesome Open World Adventure with dragons MUST buy Game in steam
game-hours: 41.7
review: Is Good BUT Dont Play It Without Mods
game-hours: 3.6
review: WHY THE  ARE YOU HERE LOOKING AT THIS DUMBASS IM GONNA SAY A ACCURATE REPRESANTATION OF YOU: I WAS BORN IN 2012 THE  IS SKYRIM COD FOR LIFE BRO WELL SHUT THE  UP AND ILL TELL YOU DUMB  SKIRIM,,,L IS AWESUM AND U CAN  DIS GEi- geisi GURL NAIMED LAYDIA AND DATS GOOD ENUFF LEL XDDDDDDDDDDDDD cockdickshitpenis
game-hours: 100.5
review: Best game ever. Nuff said.
game-hours: 139.9
review: "Like Fallout with Swords" 10/10
game-hours: 25.8
review: BEST rpg game EVER Its just heaven for RPG lovers Suggesting all RPG game lovers - Must play
game-hours: 0.1
review: Tifa: I have an enchanted buttplug : in skyrim? :D Tifa: yesh : jesus : what does it do Tifa: well it has a crappy enchantment now cause I am low in enchanting Tifa: +1% magicka regeneration : aww lol : extra 1% coming right out of you  : cutest thing ever Tifa: lol
game-hours: 143.4
review: this is a fun game ~ brynjolf look-alikes wanted~
game-hours: 560.1
review: Play the game. Mod the game. Crash the game. Repeat.
game-hours: 885.2
review: Phenomenal. Absolutely phenomenal. And no, that gameplay logged hours time is not a mistake, or the result of some anomaly (mostly). I had never played an Elder Scrolls game, or even that mythical-era fantasy TYPE of game, unless you count Zelda for the NES when I was 6. That stuff just never appealed to me. Sure, I'm a geek. Okay, a HUGE geek, but never been the medieval times-in', sword-swingin', D&D playin', LARP-in', damsel rescuin', yore-tellin', wizard sleevin', warlock fearin' type of geek. I still don't do any of that stuff, it STILL doesn't really appeal to me. But this game? Oh, this game... My first playthrough I was really enjoying, and about 75% done with the campaign. Then, I googled "Skyrim mods"... I (barely) finished that campaign, which was hard because I got mod-drunk and went CRAZY, with every mod adding a little instability in incompatiblity with each other, as I installed them without "wasting time" reading their descriptions and warnings (pro-tip: MOST big mods recommend they be installed BEFORE you start a campaign). A couple months later, I do it again, on a fresh install, knowing more about mods, but still occasionally crashing, because more and better and bigger mods were STILL coming out that I HAD to try. Now, I'm in my 3rd playthrough, after SEVERAL months off, with all the DLC's, and all the mods that are even BETTER than the DLC's ("Interesting NPCs", "Falskaar", "Moonpath to Elsweyr", ...), and the companions that have been created that have more depth than the whole original cast combined ("Vilja", "Anduniel", "Cerwiden", "Hoth", "Inigo", many from "Interesting NPCs") make this game so much more than a game. It's a damn UNIVERSE. And I'm saying that with NO attachment to the previous games, like The Elder Scrolls III: Morrowind, and The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion. I bought those games because I like this one, and have logged less than 3 hours *between* them, and THEY are supposed to be phenomenal. I just can't tear myself away from this one. Not yet, anyway. Buy this game. Don't like the whole "lore" type stuff, there are plenty of "lore-breakers" (i.e., having a robot companion from Portal? Yeah, that's a mod). Just buy it, now, quickly, before they...run out? I don't know. Just GET THIS GAME.
game-hours: 433.2
review: 9.8/10 (with Unofficial Skyrim Patch it's 10/10). ~ No words.
game-hours: 292.7
review: Like Skyrim with Skyrim 10/10
game-hours: 88.8
review: Very fun game, If you love Elder Scrolls then you should buy this game. The mods for it make the content endless.
game-hours: 80.5
review: I still have no idea how to get the ENB mods to work. 10/10
game-hours: 13.0
review: You can get boobies 10/10
game-hours: 848.0
review: I have put 500+ Hours of play into this game. Its the sort of open ended sand box game I love. Fan created mods and DLC are awesome. Wish more games were like this.
game-hours: 161.7
review: As a hardcore gamer I spend alot of time in games like Syrim. And guess what? Skyrim ruined my life..... Good thing I have two extra lives.
game-hours: 426.0
review: Only played a very little, but it was fun.
game-hours: 676.5
review: The most perfect role-playing game in the world, which created the seven wonders of the world's achievements as the same. I hope this role-playing game game is brings a whole new era, we dont need the fight monsters to level up of the role-playing game, we need a real RPG , allows us to have life experience in the game's world. Skyrim still not completely perfect for me, didnt like the 4th generation Oblivion, brought about by the touched, Oblivion is still the first in my mind. (story but not battle system) The Elder Scrolls V : SKYRIM Dovahkiin Dovahkiin Naal ok zin los vahriin wah dein vokul mahfaeraak ahst vaal ahrk fin norok paal graan fod nust hon zindro zaan Dovahkiin fah hin kogaan mu draal !
game-hours: 216.6
review: dragons.
game-hours: 87.4
review: So much to do, so much to see.
game-hours: 244.6
review: Just pure amazing, i have beat the game, the dlcs, and all the side faction groups. Plus being on here you can get mods to make it even better and even a better time! I do have to say though that if you get the skse laucher for it,it may mess up ur hours! I had over 400 hours, then it just started over, but i do have all the achievments so if anyone has a say in the matter; it is me. Buy the game, you will love it!
game-hours: 18.0
review: my review for skyrim the story of skyrim is you are a person who has been captured but you escape from execution when a dragon attacks. you then escape the place and start your life as a clean slate.you see a dragon then go to dragonsreach in whiterun and tell the jarl.at on point a dragon attacks the watchtower,everyone kills the dragon then you absorb the dragons soul and you are now known a drogon born,so the greybeards summon you to high hrothgar and you learn shouts so you can defeat the evil dragon alduin in sovengarde. skyrim is the fifth installment of the elder scrolls series and argubally the best.it is very well made but has quite a few glitches but not bad ones.there is ALLOT of stuff you can do in this game from hunting to chopping wood(as you will see in my skyrim screeenshots) to swimming or just exploring the massive open world.there are so many missions and it is very beautiful on ultra high graphics.you could just run around the world for hour and have fun fighting dragons and stuff on the way. PROS -very beautiful -lots of stuff to do -very fun -dragon hunting -ALLOT of missions -can buy houses and upgrade them -can get married -lots of weapons -different enemies -dungeons to explore -can be a pedo by just following the kids in wihterun -a good challenge -quite a bit of customization -can be racist by being mean to other races CONS -some glitches -combat can get boring and repetetive -can get a some really hard mission that make you leave the game for ages personally i love skyrim but with all the cons in it i still would give it a 9.4
game-hours: 652.0
review: It's like Oblivion except that it's not a generic, boring, poorly conceived piece of . But that doesn't make it any less of a console port that the PC community will have to mop up again.
game-hours: 2461.2
review: One of the Best Games i`ve ever played !!!! (97/100)
game-hours: 323.1
review: i got my name XxdragonslayerZxX From this game
game-hours: 372.6
review: Novice difficulty : this game is soo easy as hell Legendary dificulty : *hit by a bunny* awww sooo cute *dies*
game-hours: 23.1
review: nevr shuld  here
game-hours: 38.9
review: fun for all the family
game-hours: 14.0
review: Went around stealing stuff and attacking anybody that stopped me from getting just a few more items. then started playing skyrim and thought it was pretty fun.
game-hours: 863.2
review: 'Like Skyrim-' -IGN 10/10
game-hours: 204.0
review: i think we can all agree to say that the ONLY flaw in skyrim is immortal children.
game-hours: 44.2
review: Run around barely clothed. Kill everything with your fists. Shoot everything with  arrows.
game-hours: 70.8
review: One of the most fun games I have ever played
game-hours: 6.0
review: It is by no means a bad game, but it is quite possibly the most overrated game of all time. I really do not get what the big deal is about it because all it quite literally is, is the actual same engine as Fallout 3 just without guns, with spells, and medievil enemies and two different colors of graphics: black and gray. And a few dragons. The combat needs no explanation because it is the exact same melee combat as Fallout 3. Entertained me for about 15 hours and that is it. And for future reference Bethesda, try making your Fallout games and their spinoffs so that we don't spend about 75% of our time looking down to search around for coins and potions and stuff. And not every single thing in the game needs to be able to be picked up. Nobody cares about picking up the ten thousand bowls and books and toenail clippings lying around, especially since most all objects serve no purpose and the game can be played through without picking up 99% of the stuff lying around all over. And please stop using the Fallout 3 engine. It is old as dirt and it gets boring fast. Still fun games, just need a totally new rebuilt engine for Fallout 4.
game-hours: 33.5
review: Macho Man saved me from being killed.
game-hours: 184.9
review: Look how many hours I put into this. And am still playing it. Buy it already!
game-hours: 97.1
review: Atmosphere: 9.5/10 Graphics: 9.4/10 Level Design: 9.8/10 Sound: 9.8/10 Balance: 7.1/10 Controls: 7.5/10 Fighting System: 8.6/10 Mysteries: 9.3/10 Animations: 8.4/10 Artificial Intelligence: 6.7/10 Replay Value: 8.8/10 Story: 7.3/10 Tutorial: 3.5/5 Variety in Items: 9.7/10 Cost-Benefit Ratio: 3/4 System Requirements: 1/1
game-hours: 287.9
review: One of the best role playing games so far. With several hours of gameplay quests, sweet graphics and environment. An open world RPG that will get you to a whole new level of gameplay and experience. The Dawnguard DLC is quite good and fun to play which adds more than 10 hours of extra gameplay along with the additional side-quests and definitely with a replay value. While the Dragonborn DLC is a must-have, with new weapons, enemies, dragon shouts, armors, and of course an excellent side-story quest taking place in Solstheim.
game-hours: 268.4
review: Skyrim os a gret gem. I lerv it. I hav pled meny hurs on pc es well es on boxx.
game-hours: 1.9
review: I like this game
game-hours: 4.6
review: looks k
game-hours: 89.2
review: Stunning and beautiful game with a huge world for discovering as well as a great modding community!
game-hours: 130.3
review: If you havn't played Skyrim until now there is something wrong. Best open world RPG so far but witcher 3 and dragon age might change that next year. The vanilla game is decent but the game comes into its own with the mods. Rate up from me ;)
game-hours: 289.2
review: beware of the stupid weeaboo mods but other than that...game is ok
game-hours: 10.9
review: Skyrm in Feast. Mahtava jekku pelaajoille joilla ei ole aivoja koska skyrimmi laiskuttaa verta koska kukaa ei uskonut olevansa elossa koska totuus taltutettiin tulella aivoihin iskettyn keskeisin elokuva haikailtiin kikkelin puolikas oli pask. Noniiin peli on aika hyv grafiikkainen nainen koska ostin seksi modin siihen. PElin jlkeen en mahtunut huoneestani ulos koska oikea kteni oli oven kokoinen. kiitn skyirm kun peppuni oli surkeassa kunnolla kiinni nauloilla penkiss. Ai miss? no mit vitta lue t teksti uudestaan
game-hours: 210.8
review: Combat not so good, main story neither, but those are not the things that make Skyrim what it is. The Elder Scrolls universe contains so much diversity and story, that is what makes this game worth it, the characters, the side quests, the classes/races you can pick up, and the exploration. This game can last how much you want, it depends what you want to do in this game, with tons of side quests and missions and things to do, you will find yourself addict to that game. The dlcs and mods are a worth addition and even without then this game is special.
game-hours: 114.9
review: Only 1 word: "GOTY".
game-hours: 3.2
review: I'm fat, and I got this game, so... this game is for fat people. I like it, I like fat people too.
game-hours: 172.8
review: Best game of all time.
game-hours: 28.5
review: The game where you spent more time modding than you actually play the game. Highly recommended! Not to mention mods mods and more mods! Seriously, the mods for this game is fantastic. By the time you're finished with mods, you'll be wondering where you spent the first 10 hours of your Skyrim run. Yes, repeating the first cutscene with different mods. And the rest of it? Exploring something else that is mod related and not related to the main quest. LOLs.
game-hours: 143.5
review: It was a windy night. My family was asleep, the windows were shut tight and the sound of wind blowing could be heard behind them. My lights were off and I was ready to pleasure my filthy lizard. I looked at it, pet his cute little red head and said "soon, it will be all over my dear". My erotic skyrim mods have finished downloading. "This is it" I thought. This is the most realistic sexual simulation I can get in my life. It will feel as real as it can. My lizard looked at my face and smiled. I smiled back. After the mods were finished installing, I finally launched the game. I found a shrew in the tavern, that looked like she wanted the sexual pleasure. "Come with me, shrew" I said. She nodded and followed me up the stairs. I closed the door and told her to take off her clothes. So she did, and the animation started. I starred at the animation with amezement. It looked like a wooden statue moving up and down another statue. My facial expression screamed disappointement, and my lizard went soft. I looked down on it, and just as I thought, my lizard wasnt as wooden as the statues on my computer screen. I put my underwear back on and went to bed. That night I decided 2 things. I will find a way to kill myself, and I will not try to experience sexual relationships in a video game.
game-hours: 181.1
review: this game is bad, because it promotes witchcraft, magic and fake gods called princes promoting that their actually demons in disguise and their all bad, then it promotes sexism because it's fanbase who have nothing to do with the game at all make sex mods and gun mods, guns are bad, and you can do hardcore drugs in this game and then it has animal men, that's fake and who the hell plays animal wo/men, it's all witchcraft. and then there's drinking beer, beer is super bad because you can get high off beer okay, and btw call of duty is better than this bad game. this game is a rip off of call of duty
game-hours: 27.4
review: People have been asking me to review this one for a very long time, so I finally cracked down and bought a review copy from Nintendo. The game starts like all of the previous games, you are a tiger and you are being sold to the dragons for fur trading, but this game has a big twist! You ARE a dragon! Once you learn about your destiny to slay the other dragons to prove your superiority, you watch as the poor village is drowned in snow, because it's always snowy in Skyrim. You get to change your character's hair color and you can dress up like your favorite video game characters using the in game sprite editor. You can also build your own home using the materials you collect in the overworld. The game gets really tough depending on the time of day, and for example, if it is night time and you have not yet built yourself a home, you will probably not survive. This game introduces new enemies such as the deadly leaf troll, which goes out of it's way to destroy anything you've ever done. Eventually you will reach the bottom of the earth via digging and you will collect raw materials to make your armor with, such as diamonds and dragon bones. One new mechanic is the ability to shout. Because you are part dragon, you learn to speak the language of the dragons and can shout at people. With this new power, you now have the ability to scream your opponents into submission. If you do it in the towns though, the guards will scold you because people don't like to get yelled at. The game is exciting and will suck you into the immersive world with it's creative gameplay. You will never leave your house again. I give this game a solid 5/5!
game-hours: 108.1
review: If you don't get this then  you...  you so hard...
game-hours: 4.0
review: Just 3 words : Best Game Ever..........................................................
game-hours: 193.5
review: This game is yes. 10/10
game-hours: 274.2
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 8.7
review: Good game, but Oblivion has a way longer deeper storyline that Skyrim.
game-hours: 347.1
review: is good, mayne?
game-hours: 89.0
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is one of the best RPG/openworld games you can play.
game-hours: 189.3
review: this game has epic gameplay and you will love it if you like rpgs
game-hours: 56.3
review: Took an arrow to the knee while slaying dragons
game-hours: 22.3
review: Be a dragonborn
game-hours: 80.7
review: i killed a chicken and soon became most wanted in skyrim
game-hours: 121.1
review: What the hell is a social life?
game-hours: 37.1
review: Great game. Ignore the main quest line, just wander around and anjoy.
game-hours: 48.8
review: This game is cool for cool people
game-hours: 0.8
review: My execution was interrupted by a flying fire-breathing Thomas the Tank Engine. 10/10
game-hours: 149.4
review: Far Cry 3 without guns.
game-hours: 718.4
review: I love how it can get almost as random as I can.
game-hours: 653.7
review: Hands down, favorite game, hours of fun quests and missions to do, unlimited replayablity, I've put in over 600 hours at the time of this review.
game-hours: 77.2
review: Awesome game. Hope TESO doesn't tarnish the name.
game-hours: 5.3
review: Totally recommend, especially with mods.
game-hours: 210.8
review: The best game ever!
game-hours: 170.4
review: Got stepped on by a Giant and went to space. 10/10
game-hours: 135.8
review: Fallen in love with this game all over again!
game-hours: 63.3
review: It is amazing, everyone should play it.
game-hours: 67.3
review: It"s a Best Game!
game-hours: 32.0
review: A great game that is easily addictive and always enjoyable. played over 200 hours in 2012 would reccomend although there may be a bug for some that doesnt allow you to finish the campaign.
game-hours: 449.0
review: Can't seem to get enough of this game! Love it! You never play the same way twice...unless you really want to but what's the fun in that?
game-hours: 175.7
review: Best game out there. This game is my all time favorite
game-hours: 13.6
review: Amazing and STUNNING graphics. Always running on high Frames Per Seconds (FPS). And overall great gameplay and I want even more games like this!
game-hours: 128.7
review: One of the best open world RPG games ever made!
game-hours: 176.6
review: !!! 10  10
game-hours: 418.5
review: This game never gets boring!
game-hours: 13.8
review: Haven't had a girlfriend since 10/10
game-hours: 87.7
review: LUV DIS GAYM SAH MUCH
game-hours: 113.4
review: one of the best games I've ever played
game-hours: 110.2
review: It has l33t graphics and good hitler.
game-hours: 744.2
review: Quite popular game on the last Dragonborn - hero and just a good guy. The player enters the world of The Elder Scrolls V as usual migrant, who was caught at the border and who was driven in a carriage to execution. Anyone, even a little familiar people with the games of the series, understands that in a few minutes here comes exhilarating moment, associated with the creation of the character. However, one look at the pop-up window in the next moment is enough to understand: role-playing system is not the same. And it's not an interesting test, which has been in past games, and which, of course, is not here. The essence of the complete lack of class, constellations, giving certain allowances. Instead, the player is offered to choose between races already familiar like one most close to him. Graphically TES V significantly outperforms its predecessors. Snow-covered places literally capture hearts of many players in the huge Stone Gem, which is named Skyrim. A stroll through the local ruins, laid roads in mountain ranges, looking in small villages - it is difficult to remain indifferent after all. Music in the game is kept at the proper level, significantly increasing this atmosphere. Personally, I close my eyes to the shortcomings of the game, completely immersed in the atmosphere, so I can put the game 9/10. I hope, Bethesda will again and again delight us with their masterpiece.
game-hours: 67.9
review: This game is one of the best ones. Just so yallll know.
game-hours: 131.0
review: Best game ever ngl Get mods it's great, any one who says otherwise has not got any lives left.
game-hours: 200.9
review: 10/10
game-hours: 1.7
review: The contents are very good and have a wide range of motion ! (Y)
game-hours: 76.9
review: I yelled at someone in the town, a guard politly asked me to stop, I apologize and proceeded to set everyone on fire. 10/10
game-hours: 158.8
review: Nick needs to stop playing this game 4/-23 would not break.
game-hours: 95.8
review: it so awsome
game-hours: 14.4
review: Its Good
game-hours: 233.8
review: everybody knows skyrim. that explains everything. must have game collection for every gamer.
game-hours: 283.1
review: I hate this game I've had to do a full reinstall several times now due to my incopetence I've bought all the DLC in an moment of extreme rage I've spent more hours installing mods than I have played the game but when it all works it's glorious until it repeatedly crashes in an area, and I have no idea what causes it to crash
game-hours: 37.1
review: Its awesome
game-hours: 198.6
review: The first of the series i have bought for 10 well worth it and yes i have a lot of hours played on it... the workshop is an added bonus to be fair... Hope it helped anyone who was unsure.
game-hours: 41.4
review: great game
game-hours: 95.0
review: kill dragons. collect spoons,
game-hours: 18.9
review: <3
game-hours: 32.6
review: Best single player game ever made! I absolutely love it! <3
game-hours: 86.4
review: I love this game i can't stop playing...
game-hours: 164.1
review: Made an argonian and spent my lifetime in a lake 10/10
game-hours: 122.5
review: Forever Favourite 37/10
game-hours: 65.4
review: Been playing Elder scrolls games for a long time, skyrim isn't my best recommendation for first time players of the series, but i will say that it may keep you occupied for a long time with the vast content and quests.
game-hours: 10.6
review: This game is super BOSS ! So cool
game-hours: 64.4
review: Forced a woman to put a giant's toe in a soup made for the emperor. 10/10
game-hours: 239.7
review: yep
game-hours: 70.0
review: downloaded a mod that lets my character put naked chicks on a torture rack and plow them 11/10
game-hours: 31.1
review: mod
game-hours: 432.9
review: he est $80  pent n  ame ver! :D
game-hours: 30.5
review: this is a good game man
game-hours: 52.7
review: Weezy beh rite, lizten too him
game-hours: 43.9
review: What do you mean i have friends?
game-hours: 183.3
review: This game is by far a game that all pepol can love. you can go into a random dungeon and BOOM Boss+ sidequest nad not just sidequest like oh i guess i need dis item go get it for me NO. more like oh hey this dog can talk let me help it get back to its master and that get a glowing acient axe. AND Yes that is a sidequest. and a game with Dragons Cant be bad so... GO BUY DIS
game-hours: 44.3
review: its pretty good
game-hours: 31.3
review: Do you need a recommendation? Really? Buy it you .
game-hours: 9.6
review: fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun .........more fun and some more fun yes it is fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuun
game-hours: 609.4
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, the absolute best Elder Scrolls game of the entire series. If you are one of the poor souls who never bothered to go buy this game, you made a huge mistake. At first, I didn't want to buy this game because I thought that it was just another stupid RPG. But Bethesda Game Studios completely shattered my expectations for the game, and heightened them for future Elder Scrolls games. There is always something to do, and you can always do it your way. The way the story is set up allows you to make up your own story. Be a High Elf who's been working as an undercover agent for the Aldmeri Dominion since the third era, who uses the arcane arts to defeat her foes. Or be a Nordic rebel fighting for independence, in a raging civil war in which the Stormcloak rebels are fighting the Empire of Tamriel. Or, be neutral in the war, and be a silent sneaky Khajit who uses the shadows and trickery to outwit his opponents. All of this while exploring dangerous ruins, capturing forts, fighting giant spiders and dragons, and SO MUCH MOREThis game is exciting, expansive, addictive, and you can play it over and over. The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim easily earns a 10/10. Go buy this game, NOW!
game-hours: 174.2
review: Modded my character to have a Cape 10/10 Top lelz
game-hours: 46.8
review: Skyrim is just absolutley amazing. Content never runs out. Plus witht he ease of modding. This game has limitless content. I've played it on my potatosation 3 , but it's way better on PC because of texures 60 fps and dem texures
game-hours: 15.3
review: Awesome!
game-hours: 49.7
review: Best Dragons hunt simulator
game-hours: 155.7
review: BEST RPG EVER!!
game-hours: 18.2
review: Perfect 10/10
game-hours: 104.9
review: recommended.
game-hours: 11.4
review: 10/10
game-hours: 72.9
review: What's that you say? You haven't bought the game yet? The  are you waiting for? Go buy it now you little brat!
game-hours: 104.5
review: This game is the . Buy the  out of it, seriously. Use your bow to kill s from a distance, or use a sword to slice each  that stands in your path.
game-hours: 181.3
review: This is a beautiful game and anyone who believes they are a "gamer" should play this at least once.
game-hours: 129.4
review: Khaleesi wouldn't give me a straight answer about why the dragons were attacking me, other than that pretty good.
game-hours: 93.7
review: It's Far Cry 3 without guns!
game-hours: 319.3
review: Well... this game is just amazing. Adventure, action, quests, magic, perfect combination. Actually, you have so much free choice in this game, that I think everyone will love it, because you can basically choose how much every element of this game is important to you. You want to do a lot of sidequests? Go, see bartenders in every city. You want to do some magic? Go to the college of magic. You want to be a bard? Go to a bard school. You can be enybody you want, or refuse to do so. Sometimes, you can even kill the whole fraction (like the brotherhood of assassins if you find them too extreme). Play this game and you will see countless possibilities. As for official DLCs, I'm very impressed with them: in one you get a tremendously big island to explore and another one gives you access to locations in Skyrim, that you never thought existed. So much fun!
game-hours: 127.6
review: Better than sex. Probably.
game-hours: 275.6
review: Dragons do i have to say anything more
game-hours: 508.1
review: This game seems like the best game ever for a day, week, month, or even a year or two, and then gets boring for a while. Skyrim is kind of like life, sometimes it is fast-paced and so many things are happening, and sometimes its just slow, calm, and quiet, which is what this game is trying to accomplish. This game is not perfect, however. There are bugs, glitches, and the fact that it runs slowly sometimes if you don't have the most up-to-date computer (Which is what my situation happens to be). Some of these bugs can be easily fixed with mods or console commands. This game is great nevertheless, and the fact that so many people are still playing it even when the next game in the series (The Elder Scrolls Online) is out now, shows how great this game is. What makes this game even better is the amount of DLC and mods that the community has made to expand on the game itself. Skyrim is a great way to take a break from life, because its amazing immersion can make you forget completely about your problems happening in the real world. I give Skyrim a 9.25/10
game-hours: 179.8
review: Always worth it, buy it if you're missing out. The base game is fun and I spent over a hundred hours in the Xbox360 version but the PC version opened up a new world of possibilities for me. The PC version has mods which can increase your place time from 5 hours to 100 more hours. There are literally hundreds of mods out there. The modding community is still active right now. Even if you prefer Oblivion or Morrowind, might as well get Skyrim since fans have already started remaking the aforementioned games in the Skyrim engine. Though buggy, mods can fix that. If you are looking for some fun mods, I recommend going to Nexusmods instead of the Steam Workshop, because the mods aren't limited by file size, and can do more complex things than the mods from the Workshop. For all you lore nerds out there, there are plenty of books in the game, and don't like the graphics? Mods can fix that too.
game-hours: 134.2
review: I know my steam play time looks poor, check my xbox play time, totals around 1000 hours. Buy this game. NOW. MODS. FUN. MURDER. STEALTH. What are you waiting for?
game-hours: 8.0
review: It's like Far Cry 3 without guns.
game-hours: 90.6
review: I love this game, many hours of fun with an awesome steam workshop. Extremely replayable.
game-hours: 253.5
review: its a damn good game.
game-hours: 49.7
review: I previously played skyrim since its launch on xbox 360. I put hundreds of hours into just the vanilla game itself. I decided during the steam summer sale to get the legendary edition on pc to be able to play skyrim's huuuuuuge dlc. I have only finished one of the dlc and a couple other missions and already put 24 hours into this game. Not only does it come with endless hours of gameplay, the gameplay is exciting and even better with the mods made by the community. I bought skyrim for pc just to be able to play the dlc, but i ended up getting so much more. Mods carry out the lifespan of the game even longer and immerses you even deeper into the the lore of Tamriel.(depending on the mods you choose.) this is definitely the best game to buy if you are looking for a cheaper game with a MASSIVE amount of play time and replayability.
game-hours: 48.3
review: Died by tripping over a kettle on legendary difficulty. 12/10
game-hours: 148.4
review: This game is good. You should play it, buddy.
game-hours: 261.2
review: IF YOU AINT PLAYED IT, YOU A CHUMP.
game-hours: 43.3
review: Gameplay:9 (FPS And TPS Mode) Graphic:9.5 (Mods Give 1 Points) Overall:9.25 This Game With Mods=Epic
game-hours: 278.8
review: Skyrim is an excellent game with amazing graphics and a really well developed quest system. If you can, you should totally buy it and play it!
game-hours: 118.8
review: Skyrim. A huge world left for you to explore, and by you, I mean the character you create. There are many choices In that aspect. Spanning over 200 hours of gameplay, there are quests, dungeons, enemies, and vast beautiful landscapes for you to explore. The class system Isn't linear. There Isn't even a class system! You choose as you want, and use what equipment you desire. Skyrim meets the bars of the highs and allows for the players to do as they wish. Skyrim is the ultimate RPG, of which It defines.
game-hours: 14.6
review: What else is there to say about this game. It's Skyrim. Love it.
game-hours: 65.2
review: Teleported Everywere and got most achivemets 11/10 got lost in the void
game-hours: 192.0
review: *..**..*.**..**  HAPPYBIRTHDAY! **..**..*.**..**
game-hours: 571.5
review: To be honest, I'm not a big fan of this game but I still recommend it because it can be brought to life with the modding community. The vanilla game alone isn't nearly as good as the older titles which I would most recommend if I had the steam versions. The older games, especially Morrowind, had an impressive story, very well written. Skyrim's story was okay, I guess, but I kept getting off track. I especially love all the lore and references linking to the older games. I can go on and on, the game itself is not recommendable, but there are enough parts that I like to recommend this game not only to them casuals, but to Elder Scroll fans out there. With mods like Ultimate Combat, Dragon Combat Overhaul, Civil War Overhaul, Immersive Creatures, Immersive Armors, Immersive Weapons, Character Creation Overhaul with the various add-ons, Pit Fighter, perhaps even Skyrealism...etc...You can brighten up the gameplay a bit more and make it interesting. Personally I like the gameplay altering mods more but I do have a lot of other mods. Again, the game alone isn't too good, but thats why the modding community is here, rather it be the Workshop, Nexus, PlanetElderScrolls, or some other place, they're here to help.
game-hours: 731.0
review: One of the best games I ever played. Maybe the 1st in the ladder of RPG's. Good for almost every kind of work you would like to do in fantasy world. Beautiful music, landscapes and whole feeling from the game are irresistable.
game-hours: 107.4
review: Dovakhiin, You are the mightiest of all, the best of the best, (unless you kill a chicken) you slaughter dragons no problem, and you murder every good and bad monster, With a wide array of weapons, spells, and shouts, this easily outsells other crap games. Be an assassin, knight or a dangerous magician, who knows. With almost full mod compability, you just cant stop playing! 9.5/10, Some bugs still remain (and 1 of them is gamebreaking) but, download the unofficial patches, and most of them are awaaaay.
game-hours: 20.2
review: I ate a man.
game-hours: 140.3
review: This game is like a very voluptuous redhead woman across the table that caught your eye.. you know you want to play with her FOREVER
game-hours: 150.0
review: Soooo good. Recommend female character.
game-hours: 427.4
review: I didn't Recommend this, did I? Oh well. It has Vikings, Dragons, grinding, and some other nonsensical . Pretty fun if not overpriced.
game-hours: 60.0
review: There's a mod that allows me to decapitate skeletons. 11/10 would always play again!
game-hours: 69.0
review: Skyrim good game graphics are sweet u can mod all u like its an rpg with endless fun what more do u want?
game-hours: 228.8
review: It's Skyrim. One of the best RPGs ever, heck one the best games ever made. What more do I need to say? Do you really not know about Skyrim? Have you been living under a rock? It's freaking Skyrim!
game-hours: 96.9
review: what can i say about this gme that hasnt already been said. this game is a fun, addictive RPG, that will eat up all of your time
game-hours: 346.0
review: It was fun but only cause I collected every ring you can find in the game to make it feel more like Sonic. Pretty good despite not actually being Sonic though. Would be better if it was Sonic.
game-hours: 99.7
review: FUS RO DAH!
game-hours: 166.2
review: TES: SKYRIMS
game-hours: 267.7
review: Just wow. I've played many Bethesda games and this is one that has cahnged RPGs forever. With hundreds of hours of gameplay and perfect replay-value, this game will keep you occupied. There are also many many mods to choose from if you wish. But the skills, races, items, quests, and combat styles (Well it's like archery, Melee, or sneaking) you know there is always something to do in this game. Get it Now!
game-hours: 86.1
review: This is such a kick  game without mods! With them just makes it that bit more epic. :D
game-hours: 11.2
review: My favorite game of all time. This game is a must-have, best game ever. 10/10. If you haven't experienced the true epicness of this game, you haven't lived.
game-hours: 1170.6
review: wietna gra-ciko j inaczej opisa. Bethesda zrobia kawa dobrej roboty!
game-hours: 262.5
review: Dragons swoop down and kill you. Swooping is bad. 10/10
game-hours: 262.6
review: This Game is too good. I mean from the almost endless hours of content to the huge landscape, this game was my favourite game when it came out to now. The story is so interesting about you being the last dragonborn, to the cival war going on between the Imperials and stormcloaks, to guild quests from the Dark Brother hood and theives guild etc, to even the side quests and so on. This story is overall immersive. When you fight for a side in the war, for example taking a fort. You feel as you are actually doing something for it. Even when you assassinate someone for the dark brotherhood you feel the same way. Gameplay is excellent. Combat physics are great. A good example would be the bow, with the skill in the Archery tree you can zoom in when aiming but at the cost of stamina. The fact that everything in this game is balanced is great, not having one type of class being overpowered and another being useless.If you do get bored with the vanilla spells and weapons you can dowload mods right off the steam workshop. Easy and safely The game has so many diffrent choices, from altering the story to changing the way you fight. There are three main classes with many diffrent sub classes. Warrior, Archer, Assassin and Mage. If you have not purchased this game yet and you are reading this just know that these classes are NOT set you can switch if you really wanted to with the recently added "legendary" system. For example lets say you start the game off being a destruction mage and in one point in time you realize its not the style of play you enjoy you can start leveling perks into diffrent skill tree's, maybe into stealth or pickpocketing (my personal favourites). There are a lot of story altering choices you can make. I dont want to go into detail with any of these because they do have spoiler alerts. Skill trees are things which you can put skill points into (which you get everytime you level up) to increase power in a style of play. The names of these trees include destrution, one handed, blocking, conjuration, restoration, stealth, lockpicking etc and thats just a few. And as a plus there are no limits on what you can do and what you cant. For many of you MMO players such as myself, you know that there are armor and weapon restrictions depending on what class you choose. For example casters cant wear heavy armor and cant wield 2 handed battle axes. Thats not a problem in this game, if being a tanky caster is what you want to do, then do it. Also you can enchant the diffrent types of weapons and armor so that its suits you. Another huge part of custimization is races. The are ten races in the game with each being for a diffrent play style. Khajits being the cats are good for stealth because of there bonuses in it and wood elves are good for being a archer or stealth because of there bonuses in those play styles and so on. You also get to change the appearance of your character. Overall custimization and choices are a huge part of this game. The map is huge!!! You get to roam all of skyrim. This including ruins, tombs, dungeons, cities etc. The textures are beautiful. I dowloaded the free HD texture pack and it has really enhanced my game. Im not saying its ugly without it but its better with the texture pack (download it if possible). Everything is great in the landscape, may it be alot of mountains. A couple of downsides to the game -NPC's AI (espicially lydia) -Mountains, Mountains everywhere -Glitchy Overall this game has got to be one of the best games of I've ever played. I highly recommend it to everybody. Such a good game 10/10
game-hours: 284.5
review: One of the best games ever PERIOD
game-hours: 4.0
review: Just 3 words : Best Game Ever..........................................................
game-hours: 193.5
review: This game is yes. 10/10
game-hours: 80.5
review: one of the most immersive and open worlds i have ever seen great game so many hours can be made and i recomend this fully
game-hours: 8.5
review: FFUUSSRROODDAAHH...................!!!!!!!
game-hours: 241.2
review: A truly great game. My TES journey started with Oblivion and after playing it I was amazed by the sheer amount of greatness. When Skyrim came out, I was blown away by the amount of content and quality at the same time. The graphics are amazing and well optimized for not so powerful computers like mine. The gameplay is engaging and fun at the same time.The story is great and the amount and quality of the side quests as well as the faction quests is overwhelming. The character customization allows for multiple different playthroughs: you can be a silent and cunning argonian assassin, a bash-and-smash orc, a patriotic nord warrior or a bosmer mage, freezing, shocking and burning anyone standing in your way. And that's only a really really small portion of all the elements that'll you discover. Any flaw or feature that exists in Skyrim can be fixed/modified by one of the thousands of mods out there, lots of them being really high quality: starting from unofficial patches, going to combat, immersion and other gameplay enhancements, weapon and armor mods, finishing with DLC-like and size land mods full of content to keep you playing . Even when you finish all the quests, tasks, delve every dungeon, clear out every cave and ruin, defeat every foe possible, you still find something to do. To sum up, Skyrim is the best game I've played so far. After playing 200+ hours, I still feel I haven't even scratched the surface of the whole game. Great story and setting, good gameplay mechanics and an overwhelming amount of content will keep you immersed for thousands of hours. And if you feel you lost interest for it after playing it for some time, try out installing a few to a dozen mods based on your taste, maybe one of those popular overhauls, and try again. Trust me, it'll feel like you're playing a new game
game-hours: 133.9
review: This is without a doubt one of better open rpg games I have played. I first bought it for PS3 but a few years later I fixed up my old computer and one of the first games I bought was of course Skyrim. And I gotta say, it's alot better on PC for two reasons. The first being that you can enhance the graphics to make it look so much better. And the second, thanks for steam workshop you can input mods so much easier and make your gaming experiance alot more pleasant.
game-hours: 46.8
review: Two words: sex mods.
game-hours: 128.4
review: Needs ljfsldsjmsljmnsdlcnlewnlsdcmnelsjeenmfcdnlencsdlmeclsd. Wop wop wop wop/$vv@9
game-hours: 723.0
review: I think skyrim is a awesome game to explore the world. Fight Bandits, Skeevers, Dragons. I just love skyrim and what it lets you do.
game-hours: 77.7
review: 12/10 would bang
game-hours: 137.0
review: so awesome
game-hours: 252.3
review: Fun for a while, then it gets really boring. Kinda wish I had Morrowind or Oblivion instead. Now I'm just playing it to see if I can get to level 100. Regardless, it looks beautiful and plays like a dream. I give it 9 ranting priests in Whiterun out of 10.
game-hours: 711.5
review: It's Skyrim; it's been rated 10/10 by the Pope any other reason not to buy it, i think not, buy it, then mod the  out of it, then buy the dlc's cos you need more to do and there are no friends around as it is lonely in the vatican and the choir boys are busy.
game-hours: 39.3
review: killing rpg with chracter custamation 10/10 must buy bethesda game!
game-hours: 106.4
review: Mods.
game-hours: 435.7
review: This game put smile on face :)
game-hours: 35.1
review: Honestly, I can say that this is a well made game and they took time making it. Bethesda really did good on this one and I have nothing bad to say about it.
game-hours: 309.7
review: spending too much time moding the game
game-hours: 121.9
review: Hey i Wonder what this game is... *buys game* *Boots it up* *70 years later* Well i finnaly 100% percented it now what? I guess go outside. Opens door looks at sun *instantley shuts door* Well im done going outside *Boots skyrim up again With mods* 10/10 Would waste life again.
game-hours: 80.5
review: Love this game played it first on the ps3 then got it on pc and its even better! Must try out the mods they do change the game a lot! (in a good way)
game-hours: 162.3
review: One of the best games of all time.
game-hours: 93.7
review: It's Far Cry 3 without guns!
game-hours: 319.3
review: Well... this game is just amazing. Adventure, action, quests, magic, perfect combination. Actually, you have so much free choice in this game, that I think everyone will love it, because you can basically choose how much every element of this game is important to you. You want to do a lot of sidequests? Go, see bartenders in every city. You want to do some magic? Go to the college of magic. You want to be a bard? Go to a bard school. You can be enybody you want, or refuse to do so. Sometimes, you can even kill the whole fraction (like the brotherhood of assassins if you find them too extreme). Play this game and you will see countless possibilities. As for official DLCs, I'm very impressed with them: in one you get a tremendously big island to explore and another one gives you access to locations in Skyrim, that you never thought existed. So much fun!
game-hours: 24.7
review: Simply 'WOW'
game-hours: 80.6
review: One of the "must own " games for ANY pc gamer :) just by itself it is worth getting, as it is such a rich and fun story (and side quests) that you feel compleed to finish it, then you got all the side quests and everything, making it worth your money. and THEN you get all the mods for it too! worth buying
game-hours: 53.9
review: WOW!!! this game is amazing the best rpg game ever! :D
game-hours: 549.8
review: You can play tag with child's :O
game-hours: 105.0
review: SWEET!
game-hours: 212.4
review: Probably my all time favorite game. If you ever consider buying the game, get the Legendary edition, as the DLC for this game is also absolutely amazing.
game-hours: 335.2
review: 9/10 only because I miss some things from Morrowind and Oblivion. Epic game anyway!
game-hours: 73.9
review: I've never played a game like that! This is the best game of this century!
game-hours: 172.2
review: Brilliant game, fun and EPIC.
game-hours: 36.0
review: If you don't use mods on this then you are a fool and should be publically executed for your stupidity!
game-hours: 170.5
review: good story intresting do play and fun
game-hours: 479.5
review: This is my favouritested game evahr! :3
game-hours: 449.1
review: Evidence that a good game with a workshop becomes a great game
game-hours: 101.6
review: A good game, but largely overrated. It's better than Oblivion in every conceivable way. However, it's not all good. It really is a pretty dumbed down RPG in the end, as well. A lot of nerds will cite that Morrowind had more skills thna Skyrim and, while it's true, that's not entirely bad. You have to admit, Morrowind did have some useless skills, like Acrobatics. However, when I say dumbed down, I mostly mean that there's almost no consequence to the game. There's no real consequence to taking a side in the civil war, there's no real consequence to becoming a werewolf. The only thing even close to consequence is when vampires attack if you have the Dawnguard DLC. So, in otherwords, for nothing. There's no semblance of risk to anything in the game. This is especially egregious when a good 3rd of all the NPCs in game are unkillable. There's not really any free choice to this RPG to speak of in terms of how you go about playing and questing. It even contradicts the lore in some ways. A great example is the schizophrenic difficulty. It's established that dragons are the harbingers of the end times. Shouldn't they be hard fights? They're honestly push overs. A shield bash followed by attack over and over is an excellent way to kill a dragon. However, the giants? They're insanely hard by comparison. Should a dragon fight a giant, it gets destroyed instantly. Even wimpy  little trolls are tougher than dragons. This really touches again on the lack of any consequence. It really makes me feel like this is a dangerous quest when the actual harbingers of the apocalypse push overs. In the end, it's a fun RPG, but it's not deserving of the idolization it receives. And anyone that made arrow to the knee jokes at any point really needs to be sterilized.
game-hours: 156.5
review: Yeah this game is pretty good
game-hours: 85.6
review: I can't stop....Its taking over. The darkness D: Honestly I ing love this game. I only started playing it four days ago and have 50+ hours. 10/10 buy!
game-hours: 365.0
review: Amazing and well made RPG style game. Unique and with his own special gameplay and game mechanics. Game have bugs and some stuff will not work properly. But there is alot of user created mods that can fix it without spending hours and hours looking for cause. I spend alot of hours playing this title since daggerfall and morrowind. Game it selfs pack a really immersive and complete different style of content and game dlc that adds couple more hours of gameplay. This game have huge modding community and with mods this game just transforms into master peace. For anyone looking a good RPG tittle this is what would i recomend to anyone.
game-hours: 95.3
review: in awesome
game-hours: 229.9
review: This game will take you to another world of advantures dragons and miracles, dispite your job, wife and kinds in real world.
game-hours: 642.8
review: Best game ever
game-hours: 255.4
review: Good game.
game-hours: 316.2
review: Great game. Nothing more to say.
game-hours: 182.0
review: I put 182 hours into this game. It sucks . -1/10. WHERE'S MY REFUND BETHESDA?
game-hours: 103.3
review: Amazing free roam world thumbs up
game-hours: 38.6
review: It's like Farcry 3 but without any guns.
game-hours: 286.0
review: Endless possibellities. I'm not even CLOSE to beat the game, and now with mods, this game can't die! :D 10/10
game-hours: 40.1
review: Beautiful, but shallow and tedious.
game-hours: 16.2
review: This is a game where you spend hours and hours on it. With all the RPG elements and open-world environment, dragons and magic, ons of quests and side-quests, everything from having epic battles to marriage and adopting children... this game is just brilliant.
game-hours: 17.4
review: Skyrim is a very superb game and stuff but the graphics are a bit old and also the game, and that also thats you cant play with others. thats whats really bad about this game but thats majorly for me the only bad thing.
game-hours: 73.7
review: As wide as an ocean, yet as deep as a puddle. Not bad, but I prefer Oblivion.
game-hours: 21.6
review: One of the best games of all times wish the map was larger but the graphics are astounding especially paired with the vast array of mods out there. Truly a timeless game.
game-hours: 118.7
review: Imagine Fallout or New Vegas set in the dark ages, and you have the start of Skyrim. A free roaming game which gives the player control of where they want to go, what they want to do, and how to do it. This game is long. Really long. Longer than the Fallout games. I can't stress that enough. If you had a choice of only buying one game during summer break, this would be your best bet. There is always something to do, or some place to explore. I bought this on sale for $7.50 and it was every penny well spent. It is annoying getting attacked at random times by dragons. Plus there are a few bugs/glitches, but that always comes with free-roaming games. Your partner in the game can get lost sometimes or stuck on objects. Also your partner will block you every time you want to go back through a door. Those problems are small potatoes though. 8.5/10
game-hours: 145.5
review: A very fun game, and good one to play if you are sick of playing Skyrim legity on the Xbox 360 and PS3 and don't know how to mod games as you can easily get the mods from the Steam Workshop
game-hours: 99.5
review: A naked cat punching a dragon to death. 10/10
game-hours: 88.2
review: this is by far one of the best games ive ever played
game-hours: 236.5
review: Best game i own (i have 179 on steam...). I would highly recomend it.
game-hours: 52.5
review: Only hipsters don't recommend this game.
game-hours: 78.1
review: I used to be a gamer like you, but then I took an arrow to the knee....FUS DO RAH!
game-hours: 45.6
review: THIS GAME IS
game-hours: 54.8
review: Still one of the best RPGs out there. Complain about how simplistic it is all you want, it's got great feeling combat and literally hundreds of quests. The quests are technically infinite, just repeated with certain values changed. A huge map with a few greats DLCs and it goes for cheap now - buy it.
game-hours: 660.9
review: hmm.. where shall i start... THIS GAME IS F***ING AMAZING!. heres why in my complete review. First off its open world concept. You can chose from a variety of different races, which have various pros for each race. (If you like mods. There are plenty of mods that add new races to chose from: For example, Star wars and final Fantasy to just name a few. after this, you can customize almost everything about your charaacter: body weight, eyes, eys color, nose, etc, basically something similar to what people who have played the Fallout games experience. Next lets mention the story. The story is detailed but very entertaining at the same time. You start as a regular joe captured by imperial forces when all of a sudden, A big Dragon swops in and kills about half of everybody there. So you and a buddy named Ragolf (i think thats his name :P) make an escape and regroup at a town called Riverwood. From there you are free to explore the world however you chose. And With so many side quests, Faction quests, and just exploring the world of skyrim, It can be overwhelmingly exciting and aweing (and even a bit distracting from the main story quest lol) Now that im done explaining that part. lets move on to skills and how you level up in skyrim. Leveling up in skyrim is quite unique compared to other games of its kind. You gain experience from using one of the 18 skills that are divided into three sections, Warrior, Magic, and Theif. You have to use the skills in order to level up. Unfortunatly, you do not gain extra points for immediaty completeing the quest, as compared with the Fallout games. Warrior skills consist of enchanting, smithing, Heavy armor, Block, Two-handed weapons, One handed Weapons, and Archery. Magic skills are divided by what "school of Magic" they represent: Illusion, Conjuration, Destruction, Restoration, and Alteration. Basically in the shortest way possible, I have given you a good explanation at just what these schools of magic are. Illusion spells have to do with fooling other peoples minds. Conjuration brings up dead people and zombies. Destruction lets you deal damage by shooting out lightening, Fire, or Ice from your very hands, Restoration allows you to heal and protect yourself and other people. And alteration allows you to use skills like waterbreating, Stoneflesh, etc. Now that that is out of the way, going back to skills in general, the Last major Skill, Theif, consists of light armor, sneak, lockpicking, pickpocket, speech, and alchemy. :) To note, the only concerns one should have about this game is that there can be a few irratating bugs, such as people who give missions to you wont give you a reward even though you have to go to them to get your reward. :P Also Ive noticed a few graphical problems, but anyone who has a good PC should be fine enough to enjoy this game. To finally sum this up, before i go back to playing more skyrim :), there is a good handful of other miscellaneous things to do besides completing quests, killing dragons and creepy undead nord zombies when your bored out of your mind. Your can go to your local pub and pay a singer to sing songs about skyrim. You can purposely get arrested and escape from jail. You can buy a house and keep all your unwanted crap there, After you buy the furnishings of course. You can get married, have her give you some gold coin and make an instant yummy homecooked meal just for you. You can do what I did and have your Female Housecarl from Dragonsreach stay with you AND be married with your beautiful Nord wife at the same time. lol. :) The List is Endless, Just like skyrim ItsSelf. FUS-DO-RAH!!!
game-hours: 563.7
review: This is probably the best game I've played in my life. If you liked Oblivion, you'll love Skyrim.
game-hours: 2.1
review: PC elitists rejoice. It's an Elder Scrolls game. Nude mods fall from the heavens and blanket the Earth with beautiful imagery. Console commands! 1000 whees of cheese? Done. Attack them with your modded lightsabers? PC gamers plz. Child's play. I used to be an adventurer like Dovahkiin then I became a PC  and bought this game. 10/10. Graffics.
game-hours: 58.8
review: Excellent
game-hours: 64.8
review: Such gameplay, many lawls, much swag, so good
game-hours: 23.5
review: I ate a rotten kiwi and died
game-hours: 233.5
review: Minecraft is a sandbox styled game created by Markus 'Notch' Persson in which you, well, mine and craft. You gather materials to both construct your house and craft tool and weapons to fight off the creatures of the night. Minecraft has taken an 'always in development' stance and I think it works in its favour. Whenever I see an update I always think 'What crazy things has Notch put in this time?' and start the download with glee. When you start up a 'world' you are thrown into Minecraft's lush and blocky world without any direction. While I do think this encourages exploration a small tutorial would have been a good addition. What you want to do when you start a new world is cut down trees. "But I don't have an Axe you lump of  with arms and legs!" I hear you cry, well fear not! You can cut down trees with the flat of your hands. When you have cut down a few trees you can start crafting! Go into your inventory (accessed by pressing the 'E' key on your keyboard) and grab the logs you got from the trees and put them into your 'crafting menu'. You should see planks on the left of this menu, grab those and put them in your inventory. Now the fun can really begin! Grab the planks and put them in your crafting menu and fill the four spaces to create a 'crafting bench'. Here you will have access to a 3x3 crafting menu instead of the 2x2 you have in your inventory. Now I would tell you more but it would be more fun to let you figure it out on your own! But just remember to find shelter at night, or the monsters will get you! Now the graphics are interesting, as in they're good and bad at the same time. Notch has decided to make Minecraft's visual appearance be that of a blocky and pixely landscape and, strangely, it works in its favour. I always find myself breath-taken whenever the Sun sets across the hills. The controls of Minecraft are very simple, left click to hit things (or harvest them) and right click to place blocks down or use an item's special ability. You can also press the Space Bar to jump and the 'Q' key to throw items on the floor. In conclusion, I believe Minecraft is a very well constructed game and Mojang have a bright future ahead of them. In all, I give this game a 0/10, avoid like the ing plague.
game-hours: 49.3
review: Buy this ing game. Seriously.
game-hours: 167.9
review: = Poor  = Fair  = Good  = Nice  = Awesome  The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim + Huge arsenal of weapons (Melee Weapons, Spells, Staffs) + Hundreds of Quests (Main quests, Side quests, Miscellaneous quests) + Hundreds of enemy types + Huge open world to explore + Decisions to make (Stormcloaks of Imperials) + You can to rob Korowai - World can be buggy
game-hours: 8.4
review: BUY THIS !!!
game-hours: 4.5
review: hands down, my favorite game ever. I kind wish a new elder scrolls was coming out instead of ESO :(
game-hours: 10.9
review: "Like Far Cry 3 with swords" -IGN 9.8975/10
game-hours: 169.3
review: gg
game-hours: 419.7
review: The amount of customization is over 9000
game-hours: 1.9
review: This gaem es bueno(;
game-hours: 13.4
review: This game was really great, but then i took an arrow to the knee :c
game-hours: 87.3
review: You should get Skyrim It's awesome you should totaly play it rated MA+ xD So not for little brats if you are a little brat just play Nyan Cat ok and get some texture pack with the game My fav DLC to the game Is the heartfire like you can make your own house!!!! and get the hobbit mod :P why?! Becouse I'm a fan Of the hobbit and this mod is awesome so sit butt down and get this game! Game: Skyrim DLC: Heartfire Mods: The Hobbit house More Mods: The lord of the rings
game-hours: 148.4
review: FUS RO DAH LOL
game-hours: 26.6
review: EPIC WIN
game-hours: 499.6
review: Skyrim is an open world RPG that focuses on having amazing world design before anything else. Is this a good thing or a bad thing? Let's find out I played Skyrim as soon as it launched, without mods or any kind of changes to the game and my first impression of the game was positive but after a few hours of gameplay I noticed that the game was a "casual" mess, having 100 sneak will make NPCs completly blind even if you are clearly crouching in front of them, going for mage goes from useless to overpowered, enemies don't seem to level up beyond LV 50 which makes you overpowered as soon as you pass that limit and the maximum armor is 80% which could have been reached with both light armor and heavy armor which made heavy armor useless, the lack of stats in general gave me a bad taste in my mouth as a fan of RPGs such as the Witcher. I still finished the game regardless of the terribly unbalanced skills and underpowering enemies and with finished I mean every single side quest and main quest completed. The main story line is really not worth your time ,the main meat of the game is the open world and the exploration so if you just want to rush through the main story of the game you will be finished in about 5 hours and left disappointed because it's just not very good. The side story lines are very interesting and usually discovered by simply walking around cities, talking with bartenders about the latest rumors or just randomly running into people that seek your aid. There are side story lines for the thief guild, the companions, the dark brotherhood etc. I really loved every single side story quest in this game and I doubt you would hate them. The combat is meh. It's a massive improvement over oblivion or Morrowind but it still lacks the RPG feeling. You can use something in your left hand and something in your right hand and by using left mouse and right mouse you can use whatever you have equipped in that hand but there are never moments in the combat where you will be impressed by the things your character is doing, it's all very generic and what we have all seen before. Example: You play as a two handed weapon warrior all you can do is attack, block and power attack (holding the button to break enemy block) besides that there are no abilities such as a whirling your weapon in a circle to kill all surrounding enemies or throwing your weapon towards the enemy. The Enemy AI is ok but if you are planning on doing a stealth run, well then it's awful. In normal combat situation the enemy AI will use whatever they have the ability to use at the distance they are supposted to use, sadly the AI isn't smart enough to dodge dungeon traps or switch weapons for different situations and archers and mages don't seem to run away even when you just charged their position and are in close combat with them using your sword. If you are the kind of type that wants to sneak in this game well you won't be liking the AI because if your sneak is high enough, the AI will completly ignore you even if you are right in front of them (I mean this quite literally). The friendly AI is garbage because it's the same AI as the enemies but unlike the enemies these guys follow you. Remember when I mentioned how the enemy AI triggers traps? Well the friendly one does that too. So you planned on doing a sneaky mage run and need an AI companion as a tank? Well too bad because there is no such thing as a "taunt" so the enemies will still go for you since you are a bigger threat to them. The personalities in this game are awful, there is no deepth to any character in the game besides Serana in the Dawnguard DLC and it's not your fault for not asking them about their backstories or just not caring about such thing but it's because the game really doesn't give you any options to ask them. There is a mod called "interesting NPCs" on skyrim nexus which tries to fix this issue by adding NPCs that have deepth but I really would have loved more deepth to the currect characters because there are many interesting looking one but thanks to the lack of options you will never know much about them even if you marry them. The world is interesting and beautiful, you will find yourself enjoying wandering around the world and exploring everything there is to offer the only complaint I have when it comes to the world design are the dungeons, they are very repetetive and they did try to give them some varity but all they gave me were deja vus of constantly repeating corridors and rooms. Overall the game is good but if you are planning to buy this game on PC please mod it. You can fix most of the issues I have listed here using mods and even improve things that I havent seen as issue (such as the textures). A must buy on PC and I recommend it to everyone regardless of age or liking, you will like this game and if you don't like it you mod it until you like it.
game-hours: 105.8
review: Best game ever made, hands down
game-hours: 197.2
review: Awesomesauce
game-hours: 369.4
review: cool game
game-hours: 114.1
review: TES V: Skyrim is a masterpiece. It's a really fun sandbox rpg with stunning visuals, good, flowing gameplay and great combat mechanics. You are the Dragonborn, a legendary hero that was rewarded with the Voice. The Voice makes you able to shout, or as they say, use Thu'ums, in other words, speak the dragon language. The Dragons have returned after hundreds of years, and you are the only one that can stop them. I really did enjoy this game and I give it a 10/10
game-hours: 1395.9
review: Possibly one of the best RPGs ever with a thriving modding community to keep the game fresh.
game-hours: 52.9
review: This game is just simply amazing. The scale of the map, and all the locations you can discover and conquer is just unbelieveable. The graphics, also, are really good too. PLus with all the mods you can get to enhance the graphics, it will leave you breathless. And lets not forget the fact that this whole series is RPG. Build your character from scratch, with a large variety of races, all with their own unique abilities and looks, then choose what you want to be, wether its an archer, a warrior, or a mage, Skyrim provides you with a huge variety of perks to unlock and eventually build your epic dream warrior. The questline in this game is quite fantastic as well. You, a prisoner entering Skyrim at the wrong time, find yourself in the midst of a civil war in Skyrim, along with the fact that the ancient dragons of Tamriel are reawakening. You find out that you are the Dragonborn, the one being spoken and written about throughout Tamriel, who can use the power of the voice to defeat and puish enemies. But mos importantly, you are the only one who can defeat the evil ancient dragon, Alduin, who plans to destroy the world. The enemies, the weapons, the magic, the characters, the locations, the sights, and the sounds and music of Skyrim will 100% pull you in and keep you entertained for months on months, possibly years. (I've been playing since Nov. 11, it's release.) And with all the mods you can get through the Skyrim Workshop or the Skyrim Nexus, they will add even more things to experience in this game, both hilarious and immersive, or even just plain fun. Feel free to take a look at my screenshots for a taste of Skyrim. If I haven't persuaded you yet, I encourage you to look online. Please do yourself a favor, buy this game. Welcome to Tamriel, fellow adventurer.
game-hours: 239.2
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is by far the defining game of a generation. With top notch combat and relatable characters that anyone could get behind, it cements its place as one of the greatest FPS tacticle shooters of all time. With a campaign that will take you across a land terroised by the south american dragons, and with the looming threat of all out rebellion (a homage to the conflict in Syria according to Bethfesda) it really gets the player immeresed in a flawless adventure that can take up to 8 hours to complete, a new record for the elder scrolls series. After the campaign, spend seconds exploring the map to find hundreds of easter eggs that pay homage to the game that inspired the world, Call Of Duty! I know what your thinking right now, how could this game possably get any cooler? Well with the game winning over 420 awards, bethfesda decided to reward players with the new and improved Legendary Edition! This edition adds over 2 new weapons into the game, and gives players the woodland camo for their crossbow in multiplayer! In addition to all this, it adds the brand new map Solstiem, where you fight The evil Dragonborn Al Qaeda in a all out war for FREEDOM! JUSTICE! AND AMERICA! Don't worry guys, Bethfesda didn't stop there, they promised DLC for the game that would change the face of skyrim forever and they DELIVERED! I know if your like me, you've always wanted to role play as Angelina Joliene and Bradd Pitt but sadly there was no way to do this. Well Bethfesda fixed it, with a whole new adoption DLC, adopt hundreds of street urchins from all over the world like ethiopia. Worried about storing all these kids? Don't worry, Bethfesda has you covered! With the new Hearthstone DLC spend hours mining for stone, waste thousands of gold on lumber and precious resources, then build your own house that you can visit once and then question why you did this in the first place! Still wanting more?? WIth the new Dawnguard DLC indulge in your dark side and help vamp kids earn back their rightful place in skyrim. Go on up to 3 new quests where you earn a woman that constantly follows you and second guesses you every step of the way! Or have a thousand year old man suck you tenderly on the neck, only to find out he infected you with vamparism and that you can never see the light of day again or your just ED. Have fun watching your skin turn flaky and pale while you beat it to the lusty argonian in the basement of your house for all enternity! What am i forgetting? Oh yeah, MODS! Perminetly escape your reality with thousands and thousands of mods made by others who have discovered the joy of euphoria and the comfort of a fedora just like you! Never see the light of Earth again as you waste hundreds of hours of your life trying to escape what you cannot deal with in your reality!  YES! Be warned though, this game will cause you to reach a enlightend state of euphoria. You'll start to see console players as "filthy casuals" and relise that everyone around you is a pleb, never to know the true joys of PC. You will then build a PC completly devoted to skyrim and then you can show it off, you'll be the envy of all your "friends" on Gaia and Reddit! Who knows! Maybe they will even grace you with a tip of the fedora for all your work! To sum it up, this game revolutionises online gaming. With constant updates, new maps, and weapons THE RIDE WILL NEVER END! I'd give it 5 quickscopes out of 5! Don't just take my word for it look at what the pros have to say! 10/10 "Its ok"-IGN DASUDASULOL-PS3Insider Tip of the Fedora/Euphoria"I don't need your phony nine divines!"-PCandFedoraAlliance The Game that Keeps on Giving-Brazzers 5 skulls out of 5"THE RIDE NEVER ENDS"-Mr. Bones "One day ill wake up and just see skyrim....and i'm ok with that"-Some other  that reviewed this
game-hours: 135.7
review: It's difficult to ever feel completely satisfied with a play session of Skyrim. There's always one more pressing quest, one more unexplored tract of land, one more skill to increase, one more butterfly to catch. It's a mesmerizing game that draws you into an finely crafted fictional space packed with content that consistently surprises. The changes made since Oblivion are many, and result in a more focused and sensible style of play, where the effects of every decision are easily seen. Featuring the same kind of thrilling freedom of choice The Elder Scrolls series is known for along with beautiful visuals and a stirring soundtrack, playing Skyrim is a rare kind of intensely personal, deeply rewarding experience, and one of the best role-playing games yet produced. I have to say I give this game a solid 10/10.
game-hours: 39.2
review: if you are looking at this review and you currently do not own skyrim then i feel sad for you. you are missing out on one of the best games ever!!! go buy it you fool
game-hours: 92.6
review: It's worth buying.
game-hours: 36.8
review: Now THIS... THIS RIGHT HERE is a game to invest HUNDREDS of hours into. It's easy to run on most modern computers, so there's no reason why you SHOULDN't buy it. I don't need to tell you anything else- BUY. THIS. GAME.
game-hours: 18.5
review: it's the best game in the world
game-hours: 38.2
review: Much graphics, such story, big improve
game-hours: 112.0
review: Just play it. 10/10
game-hours: 59.3
review: Is good
game-hours: 146.0
review: Amazing game!!
game-hours: 153.0
review: best game ever
game-hours: 303.7
review: Very fun with beautiful scenery with lots to do.
game-hours: 124.5
review: This Game is totally the Bees
game-hours: 154.3
review: I seriously can't review this game, saying that I mean: No point in reviewing it because I'm gonna give it 10/10 in any case. Gameplay: Easy Combat, yet an in-depth feel + Variaty of tactics + Huge lorebased quests + Engaging storyline + Loooove the shout mechanic! + omfgz dragonz N shiitts +++ Sound: Good voice acting (although repetetive actors) + Music well placed when changed from combat to non-combat + Oh god the music tracks, beautiful! + Graphics: Beautiful landscape + Different feel everytime you enter a dungeon + Fitting textures + (Also keep in mind that there are great mods that will enhance the graphics miles further! +++) Story: Engaging story + Countless probable hours needed to complete all the quests ++ Rewarding everytime + Bottomline: 10/10.
game-hours: 83.1
review: Can play till I die.
game-hours: 30.0
review: I don't feel like much needs to be said, other than that this is one of the best western rpg's to date in terms of breadth of content and enjoyment. I've got something like 80 hours in this game, which, in a time where I spend most of my time either working or out socializing, has to say something about the draw of Skyrim.
game-hours: 286.7
review: This is one of my favorite games of all time!
game-hours: 1.5
review: Not played overly much. More noteworthy because of the effort you have to go to to make this game look like it's meant to, rather than looking like a console port (It's that obvious). The workshop goes some way to resolving this, but is limited by the filesizes, meaning many of the 'good' mods are not obtainable through the workshop. Use your preferred search engine and check for mods to improve performance, graphics and realism.
game-hours: 27.1
review: I'd recommend this game to anyone who plays video games, hands down. The story, combat, and gameplay mechanics along with graphics make this game a must own. Now there are bugs and glitches here and there but other than that its a solid game. The modding community help support this game post release as well.
game-hours: 95.8
review: best rpg i've ever played. Really fun to just roam around + great story quests.
game-hours: 120.5
review: 10/11 Still playing this game in 2014
game-hours: 260.1
review: The reason I have never got around to writing a review for Skyrim is that I've been too busy playing it. You know it's a good game when you suddenly realise how many hundreds of hours you've spent playing it. If you like a thousand nooks and crannies for you to explore, Skyrim's for you. If you some fun combat, Skyrim's for you. If you like immersive lore and detailed histories, Skyrim's for you. If you like a huge modding community, Skyrim's for you. What else can I say, apart from if you don't have it, get it.
game-hours: 145.7
review: PERFECT FANTASY/ACTION RPG OPEN WORLD GAME 1oo/1o WOULD RECOMMEND PLAYING
game-hours: 430.3
review: Fun game however they should of had more voice actors
game-hours: 653.7
review: ONE OF MY FAVORITE GAMES! I spent like 700+ hours on this its mods are sick just love this in general!
game-hours: 161.6
review: I RECOMMEND THIS GAME, !
game-hours: 354.4
review: Skyrim is game where dragon. But also is dragon. Dragon and dragon, but not all dragon, just part dragon. Sometimes, zombie! Shoot mans, follow arrow! Very excite. Skyrim.
game-hours: 381.9
review: This is a fantastic game, add in the workshop and you've got infinite replayability.
game-hours: 10.9
review: Such Arrow Very Knee Wow
game-hours: 80.7
review: Yes.
game-hours: 13.3
review: One of the best RPG games i have ever played so far
game-hours: 60.1
review: Awesome game
game-hours: 120.3
review: I like it
game-hours: 245.5
review: Probably the second best game in the world
game-hours: 133.7
review: GOTY 2011!
game-hours: 1154.0
review: The best game ever!
game-hours: 140.0
review: For what its worth. This game is a must own if you have plenty of free time. As There's LOTS and I mean it, to do. Add to the fact that the modding scene for this game is so active, you're bound to find lots to do, be you a brony, a furry, an anti furry, or much into Scifi! Nearly endless possiblities (well up to the limit of the game at least!) can be done within it. If you can get it, buy it, if you find it cheap, get it!
game-hours: 33.7
review: Day one of Skyrim on pc: "This is pretty good. Can't wait to tell my friends about it." Day two of Skyrim on pc: "Ah look! Mods! I'll only use a few." Day three of Skyrim on pc: "150 mods for graphics isnt enough I need more. Here we go 'Killable children'. That'll do nicely." Day four of Skyrim on pc: "I have adopted child slaves fighting dragons in a battle arena. Another one dead. Back to the orphanage." Day five of Skyrim on pc: "We don't have any more children for you to adopt. Player.additem 64B33 1500. U wot m8." Day six of Skyrim on pc: "This is getting out of control, I'm going to make a new save." Repeat...
game-hours: 522.6
review: Great Fun. Mods Mods Mods.
game-hours: 197.6
review: Skip the main quest.Download some graphics/Immersion mods, Get some quest mods,Get all the DLC and prepare to have fun Oh, And pick up The rest of the Elder Scrolls series too
game-hours: 101.3
review: 70+ hours of my playtime were messing with mods. Combat is not.. good.
game-hours: 548.8
review: >Walk outside >Attacked by dragon >only level 5 >Die in seconds 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 140.1
review: Words cannot be put together to describe this game, but I'll do my best. Fantabulous. It is an incredibly immersive game with epic gameplay, good plot, good graphics, brilliant lore and awesome loot. Should you get this? Why do you not have it already? GET IT NOW!! 9.5/10
game-hours: 10.7
review: ing amazing. A must buy!
game-hours: 274.4
review: Skyrim isn't a new game, yet I haven't been able to put it down since I go it in 2011. Immensely immersive, and an amazing contribution to an already great series!
game-hours: 69.5
review: drink skooma and f*ck them b*tches 69/10
game-hours: 33.8
review: Stormed a fortress in nothing but a loincloth. 10/10
game-hours: 146.0
review: Pretty good Sims 3 DLC
game-hours: 504.5
review: Don't be a console peasant. Play Skyrim on PC with  tons of mods to make the game look gorgeous. If you haven't played this, something is seriously wrong with you. 11/10
game-hours: 443.9
review: Well. It doesn't get much more thu-umingly good than this. Skyrim in PC is a waterfall of fun - The game itself boasts a 94 in the Metascore, and there's so damn much to be getting on with in Skyrim! The atmospheric views and daunting enemies make this game cash-worthy, and the ability so shout - rather loudly - as a dragon can is pretty unique, and brings Skyrim to the table as a worthy RPG contender. Graphics? They're a little demanding, but the Ultra settings are a different story - Bringing the best graphics to an RPG i've ever seen. Such a good game - especially with mods. Brilliant. Buy it. Be the Dragonborn.
game-hours: 208.5
review: Someone stole my sweetroll and i took an arrow to the knee -178/100000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
game-hours: 180.7
review: McSweggerty approves...
game-hours: 111.6
review: This game is absolutely AMAZING. The way it's built, it has ENDLESS possibilites from killing dragons to doing whatever you please. For 30#+ It is worth the time you are going to invest intoit over all. Definetly a must have.
game-hours: 217.2
review: Perfect!
game-hours: 22.7
review: You can kill people and have a beard. Do I need to say any more? 10/10
game-hours: 1174.1
review: Skyrim on the P.C. is one best experiences you'll have. Go to Nexus Mod Manager, you can add countless hours & fun to an already fun game. I highly suggest Interesting NPCs if you do this.
game-hours: 53.3
review: its so fun epishally easy with the mods
game-hours: 263.8
review: After year...this game is still cool and still rolling. I was sure that Morrowind will keep rank of best CRPG and best game of TES series ever, but Skyrim is SAME awesome.
game-hours: 152.4
review: - 9.5 / 10 - Best fantasy RPG I've ever played.
game-hours: 8.0
review: Ruined life.....
game-hours: 20.5
review: skyrim is fun yeak k luv u k bie fun fun FUN YEAH UFNNNNUNFIUASNDFIUASNFAUSFASF
game-hours: 207.6
review: Subtract everything you hate about past elder scrolls games, add everything you love, add a better engine that does not crash on you every 10 minutes and is not a steaming pile of bugs, pretty up everything, make the faces cooler and make just about everything better and you have skyrim. Also, if you really want to complain about the crappy interface of how you painfully select everything and how its built for a controller, do one of the two following things : get a mod, or use a controller, we all have USB ports!
game-hours: 124.4
review: ive never got past the first main story mission because i got distracted by all the other awesome stuff this game has got to offer. do yourself a huge favor and buy this game.
game-hours: 100.6
review: alduin is my pet.
game-hours: 532.0
review: BEST GAME EVER !!!
game-hours: 182.8
review: Speaks for its self!
game-hours: 88.6
review: 10/10 would bang
game-hours: 49.5
review: Too good to be true!
game-hours: 110.6
review: i love this game it is really fun to play
game-hours: 1.2
review: This game is 3 years old, Why is it $30.00?
game-hours: 129.4
review: Well i may not have alot of play time that's because the mount of times i have bought it because i lose alot of accounts passwords so for me to keep buying this game you might think im mad unless you already played the game. It's a never ending game that has a tool to mod it any way you want which most games say hold the  up you may of bought the game but no changes shall be made and they get old fast this game never dose. This game dose not need any super computer and if you can not run the game and you have it all on low then what you do is find mods to sort that out and some mods make it run faster because they are getting rid of crap that you don't see and if you are still lagging the more you play the game the better it runs. All in All buy the ing game!
game-hours: 256.8
review: Overall the best RPG in the last decade.
game-hours: 210.4
review: Wife is always in the kitchen. 14.5/10
game-hours: 444.3
review: Why can't I stop playing this game?!? I'll tell you why, because it has great writing, good graphics, and an immersive quality the likes of which I've never seen. The dynamic music system always seems to keep the right tone at the right time just like a big-budget movie. Just don't rush from pointer to pointer. Take your time. Light up the dungeon with a torch or candlight spell and take in the artwork.
game-hours: 490.4
review: The Elder Scrolls is my favorite video game series. I played 150 hours of Skyrim on the Xbox 360, and over 300 hours on Steam. There is nearly endless content and the modding community has really added to the longevity of this game. Skyrim is one of the best action RPGs to date.
game-hours: 61.9
review: Oh yeah, I should have recommended this game long ago. Dunno why it wasn't.
game-hours: 123.3
review: Deep story telling and character progression. This game can keep you hooked for hours just by the sheer amount of exploring at your disposal. The community is active and lots of mods exist, definitely one of the best games out there. The only thing I'd "fault" it for is the lack of deeper relationships with the characters you meet, and I am not talking about marriage but relationships in general. The combat could be better, but you can be just about anything you want. I like the crafting system, you really have to work at it, but it's worth doing. The game immerses you in epic memorable telling, this is easily the best game of The Elder Scrolls series.
game-hours: 186.1
review: It's like Farcry 3 with swords.
game-hours: 154.7
review: I haven't played many rpgs but skyrim is one of the best! The bad things are: Graphics Story (sometimes) And some boring quests But most of the time the game is exceeptional!!! 9/10
game-hours: 485.5
review: I have over 200 mods installed and still cant roleplay my character correctly. 10/10
game-hours: 369.2
review: This + Texture/HD Mods = A beautiful gaming experience. Skyrim. Get it.
game-hours: 84.6
review: WARNING: If you think to start a little session and go away, AAAAAAAAAAAAAAHW HELL NO , this game WILL suck your soul in it, it's amazing, BUT WILL  YOUR SOCIAL LIFE.
game-hours: 9.6
review: Great game, especially those who love archery games.
game-hours: 169.6
review: FUKKIN' AMAZING BEST GAME EVAR BUY DAT SHIZZ NOW!!!
game-hours: 62.1
review: One of the best games i've ever played!
game-hours: 20.9
review: Haven't loved a game so much in a while, highly reccomend
game-hours: 94.0
review: COOL!!!
game-hours: 317.2
review: It's not as good as Oblivion, but it is still fun to quest aimlessly around the world and find random stuff.
game-hours: 372.4
review: Beautiful, immersive, a large world, allows personal play styles, and offers hours and hours of fun. Plus buy it on PC and you get access to mods, which can make the game even better. Seriously why don't you own this game yet go get it.
game-hours: 81.6
review: WASTES TIME EASLIY 5 STARS
game-hours: 82.4
review: it is the best for mods and quests, you will never get bored with ths game
game-hours: 124.2
review: Believe the hype, this game is good.
game-hours: 103.3
review: I love this game
game-hours: 134.4
review: + Big location + So many quests + Living world + Diversity of weapons + Magic + Enemies + Characters (includes YOUR HERP CREATION) + and items + Crafting + Level upgrades - Awful fighting gameplay - low IP intelligence makes game too easy - Main campaign is too boring to complete - Some quests are same - Same-sexual marriage? (Was it too hard to add a line "If hero is male; Gendalph is male; => don't show 'marry'"?) - Low Allies IP. Dies often in dragon battle. - Wastes too much life time
game-hours: 19.6
review: Some noble came up to me and said "Do you get to the cloud district very often? Oh what an I saying of course you dont." He's dead now
game-hours: 345.3
review: The most fun time spending game i have ever saw when u understand the basics of this game its just sucks u into it :) 10/10 !
game-hours: 13.9
review: So swag. Much fun. yolo. Blaze it up. Hardcore. 420.
game-hours: 186.2
review: I love this game and I love the fact its hours of fun. It gets even more fun when you add some Workshop Items to the game like the craftabul muskit.
game-hours: 114.0
review: Why the  are you here? There's an "add to cart button" for this product, just saying.....
game-hours: 219.2
review: a
game-hours: 46.0
review: Skyrim is luv, Skyrim is lyfe
game-hours: 214.0
review: gud df buy itttttttttt. give dem ur manneeesy. jmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmtttttttttbusovrnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnssturgkjrrdmvgooooggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggghbnurji vrbytiorbguidoynirnthjdklnbu5bg5ihhhhduoibsrhjnksw rinbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb (((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((<DDDDDDXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXnfiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiihu,ianicegrmmatomakecookkiesssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
game-hours: 38.3
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is an amazing game. Awesome gameplay, display, graphics, and art make it a desirable game.
game-hours: 84.5
review: If you need to read my review to buy this game... you were either frozen or living on another planet... quit wasting your time readin this and buy it... seriously... The only thing that i can say, that havent been said over n over... alot lol, is that likealways there is a greater advantage of buying it for pc... tons of mods gives you an even better experience and more hours of gameplay...
game-hours: 817.1
review: The Elder Scrolls: V: Skyrim is an RPG adventure-fantasy video games that was released by Bethesda Game Studios on 11/11/2011. The game features hundreds of hours of customized gameplay, all starting with very extesnive character creation options. The game features several immersive storylines, quests, and choices to define your character's path. You will meet hundreds of interesting, and sometimes relatable, characters who will help in defining your adventure, and you will cross thousands of enemies that will keep you on your toes whether you're creeping through a dungeon or charging across the open moorlands. The main storyline features you, the Dragonborn, an individual with the power to use the Thu'um - the tongue of Dragons. The Dragonborn will be facing powerful dragons throughout his/her adventures in one mission: To defeat Alduin, the God of Destruction, who is prophecized to destory the world. It is up to the Dragonborn to embark on a dangerous mission, but like all stories, there are several chapters that will lead the Dragonborn off of his/her trail and into the war-torn land of the people of Skyrim. With several online mods available to further increase your experience, but with so much already available, Skyrim is a brilliant game that draws you in and threatens to never let go. Inspiring and epic, with a beautiful score and excellent graphics, it will be nearly impossible to not let yourself be indulged in this virtual world of endless possibilities and breathtaking wonders...
game-hours: 194.1
review: Stuck in Skyrim for a over a week. Think my family has considered me missing. Please send help.
game-hours: 314.0
review: Best game ever.
game-hours: 208.0
review: It's only a good game if you mod it.
game-hours: 4.4
review: ruined my life with crack version, just bought legal ver to support the company (summer sale ofc lol)
game-hours: 78.6
review: Definetely check this game out, great dialogue and storyline. Really immersive, exactly what this kind of game should be aiming for! Love it! D:
game-hours: 60.0
review: One of the, if not THE best RPGs of our time. With all the mods in the workshop it gets even better. Definitely recommend it, especially on a sale!
game-hours: 238.4
review: 10/10
game-hours: 160.6
review: fus ro dah
game-hours: 41.1
review: 10/10 get to kill dragons
game-hours: 147.6
review: This IS an amazing game. The graphics are amazing, and so is the gameplay. Even after you finish the story line, there is still so much you can do in this game, including side quests and just exploring. This game had me staying up all night playing it, it was definetly worth the buy, endless hours of fun!
game-hours: 13.6
review: Like FarCry 3 without guns
game-hours: 4.6
review: Skyrim: The first ever MMORPG first person invented. (Atleast that's what I know) 11/10
game-hours: 30.4
review: I haven't played that much on PC but Xbox 360TM is a whole other story. i've enjoyed this game from 2012 to the year 2014. just a beyond common adventure game.
game-hours: 555.1
review: i have playeed this game of over 500 hours and it still amazes me
game-hours: 65.4
review: Yes.
game-hours: 139.7
review: I'm not one to review a game but this game really screams out at me how fantastic it is. I recommend this to those who enjoy open world free roam games. Worth all of the money and there's not much else to say. So get it now
game-hours: 53.3
review: Cats walking on two legs. My Worst nightmair. 10/10
game-hours: 887.5
review: This is a very realistic looking game with lots of mods, its even better with mods. Not even kidding.. But the vanilla verison is fine to play. Very nice graphics, sounds, etc. Gameplay is amazing, best is the main quest. For all those haters go and play it some more and see how good this game this.
game-hours: 80.7
review: i killed a chicken and soon became most wanted in skyrim
game-hours: 121.1
review: What the hell is a social life?
game-hours: 37.1
review: Great game. Ignore the main quest line, just wander around and anjoy.
game-hours: 48.8
review: This game is cool for cool people
game-hours: 0.8
review: My execution was interrupted by a flying fire-breathing Thomas the Tank Engine. 10/10
game-hours: 149.4
review: Far Cry 3 without guns.
game-hours: 718.4
review: I love how it can get almost as random as I can.
game-hours: 653.7
review: Hands down, favorite game, hours of fun quests and missions to do, unlimited replayablity, I've put in over 600 hours at the time of this review.
game-hours: 77.2
review: Awesome game. Hope TESO doesn't tarnish the name.
game-hours: 5.3
review: Totally recommend, especially with mods.
game-hours: 210.8
review: The best game ever!
game-hours: 170.4
review: Got stepped on by a Giant and went to space. 10/10
game-hours: 135.8
review: Fallen in love with this game all over again!
game-hours: 63.3
review: It is amazing, everyone should play it.
game-hours: 67.3
review: It"s a Best Game!
game-hours: 32.0
review: A great game that is easily addictive and always enjoyable. played over 200 hours in 2012 would reccomend although there may be a bug for some that doesnt allow you to finish the campaign.
game-hours: 449.0
review: Can't seem to get enough of this game! Love it! You never play the same way twice...unless you really want to but what's the fun in that?
game-hours: 49.1
review: skyrim pls
game-hours: 21.1
review: Great game. One of the best RPGs that I have played.
game-hours: 151.2
review: Very Cool, Very Swag. I like it.
game-hours: 463.3
review: I killed a dragon with my bare fists this game is hella manly 10/10
game-hours: 162.8
review: Has to be one of the greatest games of all time.
game-hours: 101.3
review: 70+ hours of my playtime were messing with mods. Combat is not.. good.
game-hours: 548.8
review: >Walk outside >Attacked by dragon >only level 5 >Die in seconds 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 140.1
review: Words cannot be put together to describe this game, but I'll do my best. Fantabulous. It is an incredibly immersive game with epic gameplay, good plot, good graphics, brilliant lore and awesome loot. Should you get this? Why do you not have it already? GET IT NOW!! 9.5/10
game-hours: 10.7
review: ing amazing. A must buy!
game-hours: 274.4
review: Skyrim isn't a new game, yet I haven't been able to put it down since I go it in 2011. Immensely immersive, and an amazing contribution to an already great series!
game-hours: 44.0
review: I love this game
game-hours: 256.9
review: Such a great action game with a great story
game-hours: 17.0
review: Lost my life Well time to get back to being a dragonborn. One of the best games ever then add dlc's then that is were everything is gone but you and your pc. 10/5
game-hours: 859.4
review: Such an amazing gaame
game-hours: 48.6
review: This game is yung and fresh, mucho recomendo.
game-hours: 238.1
review: Shiz son, gotta love this game, innit. Fakin' got the legendary edition during the Winter sales, son. 10. Fak yeah, what kind of fakin' berk would you be if you did NOT get this game? A pretty fakin' berk that's what kind of fakin' berk you'd be.
game-hours: 9.6
review: Great game, especially those who love archery games.
game-hours: 169.6
review: FUKKIN' AMAZING BEST GAME EVAR BUY DAT SHIZZ NOW!!!
game-hours: 62.1
review: One of the best games i've ever played!
game-hours: 99.7
review: FUS RO DAH!
game-hours: 161.1
review: Didn't play oblivion (Blasphemy) before I played this but I did play fallout3 for me it was fallout 3 with dragons and I loved it (MAX YOU'RE AN IDIOT FOR HATING THIS)
game-hours: 28.6
review: An amazing game, infite amount of fun. Recomend for everyone.
game-hours: 340.3
review: awesome
game-hours: 39.9
review: The best RPG ever ! very good fun to play
game-hours: 151.4
review: Best GAME EVER!
game-hours: 162.8
review: Best game ever? YES!! BEST GAME EVER!!
game-hours: 394.5
review: Too much fun to even describe in words. You can play however, whenever. And if you don't like the path you chose, change it and reap all the benefits of your new powers. Flexible, fascinating, brutally glorious Skyrim is a brilliant product of Bethesda genius
game-hours: 38.6
review: its good
game-hours: 177.0
review: Seriously fun! probably one of the best games ive ever played. endless hours of content and the workshop makes the game 10x more dynamic, Its worth every penny.
game-hours: 32.9
review: Probably my favorite game of its generation. I lost 600+ hours to this game on xbox 360 (before I finally bought a decent gaming PC and joined the master race). The quality of some of the mods make this a worth purchase even if you've played it on consoles. And if you've never played it at all, stop reading this and buy it!
game-hours: 8.4
review: You can kill things, wearing nothing but pants!
game-hours: 74.2
review: best game ever
game-hours: 42.7
review: killed everything with 1 hit on master 2 ezy 4 m3
game-hours: 101.9
review: There is just no end to this game. You can play it for months and not complete everything
game-hours: 175.8
review: This is a great game with lots of action and lots of fighting
game-hours: 158.7
review: Skyrim is the firth instalment of the elder scrolls franchies. It followes the same sort of story as the others, as you start out as a prisoner arrested for a crime we don't know. Just as your about to be beheaded, a dragon attacks the town and you are set free. You are then given a choice wether to go with the rebels or the people who tried to kill you. Once free from empire you find out you are the dragon born and you have to go to Whiterun. After this the civil war falls out of the picture as it isn't very important to the whole story. There are many side quest and campaines like an assassi and theif quest and a mage story. Alos there are many little quest that will build up if you let them take over. It is a very long game with lots of interesting people and can be modded so it is stupid. Overall i would defenitly recomend this game as a great game and i can't wait for elder scrolls online.
game-hours: 170.1
review: This game is the most epic game EVAH!!!! If you download mods it will would be so fun and epic. This game is the best gamr ever.
game-hours: 63.6
review: Good graphics, overall nice game. Few bugs easily fixable
game-hours: 58.2
review: too kewl
game-hours: 161.0
review: Fabulous free form fun.
game-hours: 12.3
review: One of the best games ever made!
game-hours: 53.3
review: Best RPG I have ever played!
game-hours: 104.5
review: +++++++++++++
game-hours: 98.2
review: EPIC
game-hours: 370.7
review: A pure masterpiece of gaming RPG. If u are even remotely interested in games this is a must. Garunteed addiction to it.
game-hours: 66.9
review: SKYRIM is the best game ever
game-hours: 38.6
review: This is the best game ever, if you don't have it, don't hesitate, go on and buy it!
game-hours: 402.6
review: This is one of thee best in games out there, get it you .
game-hours: 279.5
review: AWESOME
game-hours: 58.0
review: Good, but there are way better RPG's out there. Bland story, quests, and dialoge. Overall meh. I guess it was just missing somthing all the pieces were there but it lacks somthing.
game-hours: 53.2
review: It never ends.... It was supposed to end, but it didn't I'm in this game's grasp and cannot escape. Please send Help Please... Please... (Oh and 9/10, get it)
game-hours: 8.3
review: very beutfl gme
game-hours: 14.7
review: Went into a cave, got in a fight with a vampire. 3 Days later the whole world wanted to kill me. 10/10 would play again.
game-hours: 16.0
review: Ahnok dii fahdon! Daar los gein do dii pah tiid zokhil kred. Zu'u lost sov do sok ben omaar nau daar kred nau aanvorey palaar. Zu'u lost nun ful kusah truk ahrk ful pogaas soven, nii los zokeyr. Waan hi dreh ni lost daar kred, bir nii. BIR NII NU! Waan hi vis etaak ulaan orfrolok, hi los grik saak keizaal nerd, ol Zu'u. Lost kiird keizaal!
game-hours: 188.4
review: SO MANY MODS!!! JUST! SO! MANY!
game-hours: 109.0
review: Very cool game, nice, hot, and thick.
game-hours: 633.9
review: It's a good game to play if you have the right DLC and MODs for it to make it much more fun. The up side is the game is fairly open ended so there is no really hurry to get things done. Pretty much the background of the this game could be considered to be related with the Vikings are considered as to how the buildings and the lore as well. The down side is that there is no class system for leveling, but for some that's a mixed bag though. Most times it might be easier to just powerlevel or hold off on leveling so not to be overwealemed by high level dragons though. Only other problem I have is playing this on Windows 8. So if you have 7 you'll be fine playing this, but if you have Windows 8 expect the game it to white screen, or crash for no reason at times.
game-hours: 2.9
review: Epic fun game. buy it, it is fun.
game-hours: 17.1
review: I ate Cabbage and lost weight 10/10
game-hours: 2.2
review: arrow to the knee?
game-hours: 60.6
review: Its Skyrim what more can i say
game-hours: 86.5
review: THE MODS!!!!!!
game-hours: 23.8
review: Timeless
game-hours: 87.7
review: I am not going to tell you anything about the game or how great it is but i am going to tell you that if you dont play it, it will be something that you will regret for the rest of your life. But my time is running short and I must be off, Skyrim is calling me. FUS RO DAH !!
game-hours: 76.0
review: Still playing it since launch. This is the game you default too when you've raged quit your other games. Classic rpg.
game-hours: 135.2
review: one of the best fps/rpg's ever.
game-hours: 138.3
review: Buy it
game-hours: 30.6
review: Huang ran a poultry farm. There were ducks of all hues and sizes in his farmwhite ducks, brown ducks, ducks with stripes, and ducks with specks. Every morning, Huang and his two workers, Bill and Jim, would go around the city in a big truck. They supplied ducks and eggs to schools, restaurants, and canteens. One day, Huang set off on his round. At his first stop Huang counted, One, two, three, fourfour ducks for St Peters, and carried them into the school kitchen. Tom, a naughty boy thought, Now for some fun. He opened the truck door and one by one all the ducks came down. Quack! Quack!! they went all the way into the school. Soon the whole school was filled with quacking ducks. Children came out of their classrooms and screamed in joy. Hearing the commotion, Huang came out. Come back! he said quacking sound and all the ducks came back to him.
game-hours: 284.8
review: This is one of those games that you don't really finish. There are tons of places to explore, tons of quests, and tons of mods. There's enough stuff to keep you happy for well over 100hrs.
game-hours: 157.8
review: I got a bunch of mods and killed thomas the train 70/10
game-hours: 113.0
review: killed by a wooden cart thing
game-hours: 154.7
review: I haven't played many rpgs but skyrim is one of the best! The bad things are: Graphics Story (sometimes) And some boring quests But most of the time the game is exceeptional!!! 9/10
game-hours: 887.5
review: This is a very realistic looking game with lots of mods, its even better with mods. Not even kidding.. But the vanilla verison is fine to play. Very nice graphics, sounds, etc. Gameplay is amazing, best is the main quest. For all those haters go and play it some more and see how good this game this.
game-hours: 40.3
review: for those of you who think this game is bad... its probably because you didnt take them time to stop and look... most of you prob rushed through dungeons and just wanted to slay monsters, without checking chests,secrets,looting enemys, or even the amazing side quests such as the college of winterhold that questline is like a twinkie with ice-cream its really good.. ( try a twinkie with ice-cream, you"ll be happily suprised )
game-hours: 991.6
review: Legendery game garphics are great a little dull in texture but mods can fix that up.As for story the strory line is great epic but short unlike that of it's predecessor Oblivion. strongley recommed getting this Epic game if you like/love RPG's
game-hours: 4.6
review: Skyrim: The first ever MMORPG first person invented. (Atleast that's what I know) 11/10
game-hours: 30.4
review: I haven't played that much on PC but Xbox 360TM is a whole other story. i've enjoyed this game from 2012 to the year 2014. just a beyond common adventure game.
game-hours: 555.1
review: i have playeed this game of over 500 hours and it still amazes me
game-hours: 65.4
review: Yes.
game-hours: 363.9
review: This game will crash hundreds of times, it will corrupt your saves, I lost 40 hours of gameplay due to saves corruption. But it is good. Very good. So good that I, with all my hate for Fallout series and Bethesda games in general liked it. It is the only game from that studio that I liked, and it is definitely the best game Bethesda has made so far. Give it a shot.
game-hours: 191.2
review: Lol
game-hours: 485.5
review: I have over 200 mods installed and still cant roleplay my character correctly. 10/10
game-hours: 805.2
review: 100% Recommended for anybody looking for a purely amazing RPG game
game-hours: 107.1
review: It's like Fallout with swords. 10/10
game-hours: 134.9
review: a good game
game-hours: 323.0
review: One of the few rpg's that are worth your time and money,if you consider yourself a gamer,you must have skyrim in your library.
game-hours: 59.2
review: Brilliant, stays true to the originals for us ole fogies, but seems popular with noobs who haven't played this sort of game before, disgraceful!
game-hours: 148.8
review: My social life is officially gone with this game. Amazing storyline, amazing textures, and amazing landscapes to explore, with secrets hidden behind every corner. And, if you dont feel like slaying trolls, or encountering dragons, you can always sit down and read a book! .. Or steal all the sweetrolls.
game-hours: 64.9
review: Meh.
game-hours: 5.3
review: Say good bye to social life and hello to Skyrim. I modded the  out of this game and the graphics look gorgeous now. Mods add tons and tons of replay value. 10/10. Must have game.
game-hours: 76.0
review: Keep you entertained for awhile. Great game
game-hours: 297.8
review: One of the funnest games ive ever played, after a while it can get old, but the modding system is great, when you play skyrim, you play it like an adict for a week, then you break for a month, but it always come itching back to you
game-hours: 152.2
review: If you havin' girl problems I feel bad for ya son, I got 99 problems but Skyrim ain't one!
game-hours: 18.7
review: Wasted 600 hours and 200GB of HDD space for mods on this. Would reccommend
game-hours: 469.6
review: BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 213.2
review: Skyrim, is a Medvial set RPG/Action/Adventure/Badass game that focuses around your character also known as the Dragonborn. This game has a long and awesome Main-Questline that brings you all around the Providence of Skyrim. Takes you to the peaks of High Hrothgar to meet the Seclusive Greybeards, and to the dank tunnels of old burial crypts and tombs. In addition to the Main Questline hundreds of hours of side quests including many very large ones (Civil War, Deadric Quests), can keep you occupied for weeks. But thats not all! If you spend hundreds of hours playing the game and have destroyed every monster, explored every cave, there's one more thing you can add to expand the game infinitly. MODS! There are thousands of mods on the steam workshop that can instantly expand your game in ways you couldnt even imagine, this game is not only huge as is with its 3 great DLC's, but can be even more expanded with mods! This is a must buy for any PC Gamer!
game-hours: 303.7
review: I ripped a chicken's soul out with my voice and consumed it. 11/10
game-hours: 46.1
review: thanks to mod community... its one of the best game ever...
game-hours: 48.9
review: I did most of my time in Skyrim on the Xbox 360. I probably had 500+ hours on it. This is the best singleplayer game out there. If someone asked me to pick a game and only one game it would be Skyrim and with the mods of course :)
game-hours: 301.9
review: Skyrim
game-hours: 82.2
review: HEY FOR ONCE I HAVENT FOUND A CRAPPY RPG
game-hours: 222.1
review: best game ever
game-hours: 82.4
review: it is the best for mods and quests, you will never get bored with ths game
game-hours: 124.2
review: Believe the hype, this game is good.
game-hours: 127.9
review: I love this game.
game-hours: 79.9
review: Better in PC than xbox I would defiantly recommend this game
game-hours: 33.4
review: So the other day I downloaded all these games I'll never play, so my internet ran out so then I played this game and I did have fun. #Drowisacat.
game-hours: 168.0
review: If you haven't played skyrim you're not gaming right.
game-hours: 40.1
review: No words, just buy it.
game-hours: 103.7
review: No review necessary. If you do not like it then you are lost. If you do, then gods save your soul. ;)
game-hours: 176.6
review: !!! 10  10
game-hours: 418.5
review: This game never gets boring!
game-hours: 13.8
review: Haven't had a girlfriend since 10/10
game-hours: 87.7
review: LUV DIS GAYM SAH MUCH
game-hours: 113.4
review: one of the best games I've ever played
game-hours: 110.2
review: It has l33t graphics and good hitler.
game-hours: 744.2
review: Quite popular game on the last Dragonborn - hero and just a good guy. The player enters the world of The Elder Scrolls V as usual migrant, who was caught at the border and who was driven in a carriage to execution. Anyone, even a little familiar people with the games of the series, understands that in a few minutes here comes exhilarating moment, associated with the creation of the character. However, one look at the pop-up window in the next moment is enough to understand: role-playing system is not the same. And it's not an interesting test, which has been in past games, and which, of course, is not here. The essence of the complete lack of class, constellations, giving certain allowances. Instead, the player is offered to choose between races already familiar like one most close to him. Graphically TES V significantly outperforms its predecessors. Snow-covered places literally capture hearts of many players in the huge Stone Gem, which is named Skyrim. A stroll through the local ruins, laid roads in mountain ranges, looking in small villages - it is difficult to remain indifferent after all. Music in the game is kept at the proper level, significantly increasing this atmosphere. Personally, I close my eyes to the shortcomings of the game, completely immersed in the atmosphere, so I can put the game 9/10. I hope, Bethesda will again and again delight us with their masterpiece.
game-hours: 67.9
review: This game is one of the best ones. Just so yallll know.
game-hours: 49.7
review: I previously played skyrim since its launch on xbox 360. I put hundreds of hours into just the vanilla game itself. I decided during the steam summer sale to get the legendary edition on pc to be able to play skyrim's huuuuuuge dlc. I have only finished one of the dlc and a couple other missions and already put 24 hours into this game. Not only does it come with endless hours of gameplay, the gameplay is exciting and even better with the mods made by the community. I bought skyrim for pc just to be able to play the dlc, but i ended up getting so much more. Mods carry out the lifespan of the game even longer and immerses you even deeper into the the lore of Tamriel.(depending on the mods you choose.) this is definitely the best game to buy if you are looking for a cheaper game with a MASSIVE amount of play time and replayability.
game-hours: 97.8
review: This game is truly addicting, I swear, if you buy it, it'll stick you into it. Example: Little Bobby said "I only wanna play Skyrim for 30 minutes, THAT'S ALL." *Plays* *Looks at clock* "Sh!t..." The End!
game-hours: 327.5
review: My favourite game. Even better with mods!
game-hours: 39.8
review: Yes.
game-hours: 140.2
review: I'm not one to review a game but this game really screams out at me how fantastic it is. I recommend this to those who enjoy open world free roam games. Worth all of the money and there's not much else to say. So get it now
game-hours: 53.3
review: Cats walking on two legs. My Worst nightmair. 10/10
game-hours: 219.2
review: a
game-hours: 46.0
review: Skyrim is luv, Skyrim is lyfe
game-hours: 214.0
review: gud df buy itttttttttt. give dem ur manneeesy. jmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmtttttttttbusovrnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnssturgkjrrdmvgooooggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggghbnurji vrbytiorbguidoynirnthjdklnbu5bg5ihhhhduoibsrhjnksw rinbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb (((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((<DDDDDDXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXnfiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiihu,ianicegrmmatomakecookkiesssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
game-hours: 38.3
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is an amazing game. Awesome gameplay, display, graphics, and art make it a desirable game.
game-hours: 84.5
review: If you need to read my review to buy this game... you were either frozen or living on another planet... quit wasting your time readin this and buy it... seriously... The only thing that i can say, that havent been said over n over... alot lol, is that likealways there is a greater advantage of buying it for pc... tons of mods gives you an even better experience and more hours of gameplay...
game-hours: 817.1
review: The Elder Scrolls: V: Skyrim is an RPG adventure-fantasy video games that was released by Bethesda Game Studios on 11/11/2011. The game features hundreds of hours of customized gameplay, all starting with very extesnive character creation options. The game features several immersive storylines, quests, and choices to define your character's path. You will meet hundreds of interesting, and sometimes relatable, characters who will help in defining your adventure, and you will cross thousands of enemies that will keep you on your toes whether you're creeping through a dungeon or charging across the open moorlands. The main storyline features you, the Dragonborn, an individual with the power to use the Thu'um - the tongue of Dragons. The Dragonborn will be facing powerful dragons throughout his/her adventures in one mission: To defeat Alduin, the God of Destruction, who is prophecized to destory the world. It is up to the Dragonborn to embark on a dangerous mission, but like all stories, there are several chapters that will lead the Dragonborn off of his/her trail and into the war-torn land of the people of Skyrim. With several online mods available to further increase your experience, but with so much already available, Skyrim is a brilliant game that draws you in and threatens to never let go. Inspiring and epic, with a beautiful score and excellent graphics, it will be nearly impossible to not let yourself be indulged in this virtual world of endless possibilities and breathtaking wonders...
game-hours: 186.1
review: It's like Farcry 3 with swords.
game-hours: 0.5
review: Featuring Dante from the "Devil May Cry" Series!
game-hours: 11.1
review: Plenty of hours of questing and adventuring to keep you entertained for a long time. Mods will keep it going for much much much longer.
game-hours: 21.5
review: I find it really fun and a lot better than the console editions because you arent able to add mods onto them the mods give it a whole new element.
game-hours: 329.0
review: A+++
game-hours: 811.9
review: Huge world, numerous quests, tons of mods, and infinite replayability. 10/10
game-hours: 44.5
review: Its amwesom 9.5
game-hours: 104.8
review: Any reason for recommending this game should be obvious. Massively open world with endless things to do, an enticing story line with a LOT of side quests completing the story line should take you about 200 hours if you did it nonstop and new EXACTLY what to do, the leveling system makes it so you get to play your character like YOU want, ie you can play a powerful mage who wields a dwarven warhammer, the list of reasons to buy this go on for eternity. The only reason you shouldn't buy it is if your computer can't handle it, otherwise you're just lying to yourself and cheating yourself out of an amazing experience.
game-hours: 179.5
review: Well, Still the Best Fantasy RPG on PC I ever played...
game-hours: 194.2
review: EW GROSS! CAUSUAL GAMES! OH GAWD WHAT DID THEY DO TO THE MORROWIND SERIES!!!!! ITS GOT A COMPLETELY OPTIONAL FAST TRAVEL SYSTEM TO HOLD ALL MY HANDS!!! I GOT TWO HANDS AND THEY ARE BEING HOLDED! Play morrowind because it doesn't have fast travel or quest markers! Why cant you just tell me to walk south untill morndas, then north untill you reach the big grey ash pile, then go through the great mushroom forest untill you find a big black rock that looks like all the other big black rocks and turn left, then sail the sea of ghosts untill you reach a shack of forks, then go east through the sea again untill you reach another mushroom forest, no no that was the wrong mushroom forest idiot this one isnt the great mushroom forest, ok now kill this guy and come back to me at this big black rock, dont worry its so big you could never miss it. SEE ISNT THAT SO MUCH BETTER THEN QUEST MARKERS!!! LOL U BET IT IS! MORROWIND 5 is a huge let down to true morrowind fans. BEsides this game isnt even hard! In morrowind you could fight dagoth man and was totatlly not SO ING EASY that you could literally two shot him! SKyrim I two shot all the chickens in riverwood and immediatly stopped playing. I didnt see a single cliff racer in the whole game either. Must not be good. Someone told be that it gets harder, i know I know hes an idiot cause he likes morrowind 5, but he says there is dragons that can kill you in 1 hit. THats not ture at all i play on the hardest difficulty which is novice and dragons are so easy its like its a casual game or seomthing, oh wait it is llololol. In morrowind sometimes you die alot, but sometimes you hit the people because of luck and win. Thats how you make a game hard. Dont put in the ability to actually fight and swing yourself cause thats too easy for casual babbys. In my LORD AND SAVIOR MORROWIND when you swing at someone you can missed which is more real cause in real life when you swing at someone who is right in your face your arm can go right through them. I learned that in science class last year. *hops back into the past and refuses to move on from what is an incredibly outdated game* CAUSE IM A REAL FAN and i like morrowind. Am i cool now guys? Can i board the nostalgia band wagon?
game-hours: 37.2
review: Dis game is like so good. So much to do its endless! The mods for Skyrim are also great to play around with when you are bored apart from some of the Mods breaking my quests its still great :D
game-hours: 15.4
review: Quite interesting game, I recommend it.
game-hours: 5.9
review: I love this game because: -nice graphics -fantasy(with dragons,mages atc) -first and third person(can change) -rich story -openworld(can go anywhere,you can enter in all houses) -nice weapons -potions and food -can loot everything -can fight with dragons and other peope(single-player) But, i dislike something: -very confusing(no hints or tips) -boring after playing a lot ###Results: 10/10, BUY it, IT IS AWSOME!
game-hours: 252.6
review: So in my first playthrough I went to whiterun first (obviously) met the preacher, killed the preacher infront of 3 guards and they did nothing. Went up to the Jarl, jumped onto the tables, scattered the dishes and attacked the steward in the back room, gaurds did nothing. I go to the court wizard, BUT steal sweetroll and you get killed
game-hours: 96.6
review: I used to be adventurer like you, then I took an arrow in to the knee.
game-hours: 170.1
review: Attempt 1: Killed by tripping over human ribcage. Attempt 2: Killed by guardians of much loved chicken. Attempt 3: Sent into space by giant's club. Ooshdenfergen did not survive landing... or launch. Spent 2 hours in a cave with Lydia barely surviving the ongoing hordes of Falmer and Dwarven Centurions. The second we step outside the cave... Lydia: "Ooh look, a cave. Wonder what's inside." LYDIA ARE YOU F***ING KIDDING ME? I LITERALLY HAD TO RELOAD FIVE TIMES 'COS YOU HAD TO GO AND GET YOUR SORRY  KILLED FOR NO REASON. Lydia, I'm sorry for shouting, let me make it up to you... Take my crap that I plan on selling to multiple traders around Skyrim because not a single one of them has enough money to buy all this stuff so I can get enough gold so I can buy a house to put all of this useless stuff in that I was planning on selling but I can't be bothered because no one has the money to buy it. Attempt 4: Put so much stuff in this one drawer that the game eventually gave up putting it in alphabetical order and not soon after crashed every time I tried to open it. Tip: Don't brawl with the ebony mail on, it doesn't like friendly wagers. Killed a defenceless old lady, group of legendary assassins impressed, invites you into the group. Logic. Strange how you're the Dragonborn, AND end up the highest ranking member of the Dark Brotherhood. How coincidental. Verdict: 9999999999999999999999999999999999999/10 Would die, fly, sneak, quicksave, flee, quickload, sell, shout, buy, hoard, crash, brawl, maliciously and brutally murder and ponder over which side to choose in the war (the cowards or the racists) again. Best 10 you will spend in your life. I suggest legendary addition: armoured trolls, volcanic ash and your own library to store your MASSIVE ARMY OF BOOKS AND BUGS IN JARS TO RULE THE WORLD (Not skeevers, that would never work).
game-hours: 199.4
review: AND THEEEEEERE IT IS FRIENDS. THE UGLY TRUTH. WE ARE THE CHILDREN OF MAN. TALOS IS THE TRUE GOD OF MAN.
game-hours: 137.1
review: Daar los kred kolos joriin wo dein lohiim ofaal vek ko kru voth ronaaz ahrk fod hin Hes Fuskah ofaal kuz nol hi vothni orlaavend. Zu'u hind hi ofaal ustiid tol, dahik lot kred saraan hi waan hi dreh, Dovahkiin, ko himdah do Keizaal! himdah kolos Dovah iidah, kolos suleykaar krizey saraan, ahrk hin mahtiid los komaan naal hi, faal Dovahkiin. Do you understand that? I hope so, because if not, a translation will appear below... This is a game where people who guard the towns get hit in the knee with arrows and when your Sweet Rolls get taken from you without permission. I hope you get past that, because a great game awaits you if you do, Dragonborn, in the land of Skyrim! A land where Dragons attack, where powerful opponents await, and your destiny is decided by you, the Dragonborn.
game-hours: 111.1
review: This game is a open world game and has lots of great context thru out this game if you never played it i think you have a problum, if you never heard of it then I cant say what i think of you. But ok this game has a nice game, Has a great story mode and if you want to venture out and do your own thing then you can do that, Has great graphs and your may want to hold back on some graphs because it's to high for some computers. Now this game has some bugs like you may not be able to pick up some wepons sometimes but thats ok, also you might come across dead bodys moving across the floor, but those things wont mess with your game play. Now this game comes with the SteamWorkshop, so if you want to get some cheats in like The Ring Of The Gods, then you just go to the SteamWorkshop (after you buy the game) and then you just subscribe to it, and it's in your game. But read the passage of the item you want in SteamWorkshop before playing the game because that is where it will tell you to find the wepon or item in Skyrim. But yeah this game is great and if you want a serous game with dragons and great gameplay, This is your game! :)
game-hours: 54.5
review: Do not kill the chicken... 10/10
game-hours: 70.0
review: downloaded a mod that lets my character put naked chicks on a torture rack and plow them 11/10
game-hours: 31.1
review: mod
game-hours: 138.3
review: Buy it
game-hours: 30.6
review: Huang ran a poultry farm. There were ducks of all hues and sizes in his farmwhite ducks, brown ducks, ducks with stripes, and ducks with specks. Every morning, Huang and his two workers, Bill and Jim, would go around the city in a big truck. They supplied ducks and eggs to schools, restaurants, and canteens. One day, Huang set off on his round. At his first stop Huang counted, One, two, three, fourfour ducks for St Peters, and carried them into the school kitchen. Tom, a naughty boy thought, Now for some fun. He opened the truck door and one by one all the ducks came down. Quack! Quack!! they went all the way into the school. Soon the whole school was filled with quacking ducks. Children came out of their classrooms and screamed in joy. Hearing the commotion, Huang came out. Come back! he said quacking sound and all the ducks came back to him.
game-hours: 107.4
review: Dovakhiin, You are the mightiest of all, the best of the best, (unless you kill a chicken) you slaughter dragons no problem, and you murder every good and bad monster, With a wide array of weapons, spells, and shouts, this easily outsells other crap games. Be an assassin, knight or a dangerous magician, who knows. With almost full mod compability, you just cant stop playing! 9.5/10, Some bugs still remain (and 1 of them is gamebreaking) but, download the unofficial patches, and most of them are awaaaay.
game-hours: 20.2
review: I ate a man.
game-hours: 140.3
review: This game is like a very voluptuous redhead woman across the table that caught your eye.. you know you want to play with her FOREVER
game-hours: 150.0
review: Soooo good. Recommend female character.
game-hours: 105.8
review: Fus Ro Dah. 10/10
game-hours: 274.2
review: Best game ever!
game-hours: 160.6
review: fus ro dah
game-hours: 41.1
review: 10/10 get to kill dragons
game-hours: 28.3
review: this game is amazing
game-hours: 70.4
review: "Like Farcry with swords." 10/10 -IGN
game-hours: 162.5
review: This is without a doubt the best game I have ever played. Coupling my play time on steam and a rough estimate on my xbox I've racked up around 200 - 250 hours on skyrim, maybe more and I am not bored of it yet. The graphics, the storyline, the characters... It's all so beautifully constructed, with the aid of the thousands of mods avaliable across the interwebs, and in most places beautifully written I can't help but keep going back to it time after time after time. My favourite part about Skyrim is the Dawnguard DLC. Even though we're dealing with vampires here (no spoilers intended) I find the storyline, in some parts, quite touching and overall it is something I think is 99% perfect. I would definitely recommend the Elder Scrolls franchise as a whole, and if you haven't bought any of the games BUY THEM RIGHT NOW AND PREPARE TO NEVER GO OUTSIDE AGAIN.
game-hours: 182.8
review: Speaks for its self!
game-hours: 80.6
review: One of the better RPGs of all time. Worth triple what you'll pay for it. Play with mods. Lose hundreds of hours.
game-hours: 31.0
review: This game is SO fun especially with mods to make it even better, its a MUST play!
game-hours: 155.1
review: Good Game
game-hours: 82.7
review: The Real RPG of 2011 you will addict it for sure!!!! FUS RO DAH!!!
game-hours: 0.8
review: Need to player more. Wish it was mutiplayer.
game-hours: 61.3
review: Console Gamers: Awh sweet!!! Can't wait to kill some dragons! PC Gamers: Lets see how ty my character can get.
game-hours: 83.1
review: best game i have ever played a royal flush from bethesda 10/10 masterpiece
game-hours: 142.8
review: great game for wasting time would roar again 10/10
game-hours: 15.4
review: 10/10 Will leave Lydia to fight a troll and run away again.
game-hours: 6.8
review: OPEN DAMN WORLD :3
game-hours: 115.7
review: Got bored with Skyrim today, yes, it is possible, after 100 hours, I had stopped the dragon uprising, slaughtered a castle of vampires, killed an ageless dragonborn, wiped out a dark brotherhood base, collected the seven black books, helped a dead guy finish his book, collected the dragon priest masks, helped the empire crush the stormcloak army, downloaded some mods, made my own house and got it fully furnished, got Wabbajack, and several other artifacts of the like, which I shortly thereof dropped, had not just a dragon working for me, but also had a zombie dragon, and a skeleton horse, and also many other little quests, and made Skyrim a better place. So how to finish with a bang, even through I easily had over fifty more objectives left? Used console commands to make my guy level 80, to face the Ebony Warrior. He was...Odd. His talk of a lack of quests or villains to slay runs parallel to anyone who put WAY to much time into this game, and he wished me to kill him, battle to the death on a mountain-side. After climbing up, and finding that he killed a frost troll with a shout, I decided I was out of my league, and turned on immortailty mode. Not the mode with the super strength though, I wanted to have fun. Although, I also learned that my console "kill" command would just heal him to full health. My zombie dragon and his summoned monsters helped weaken him, but I would not be able to shout for a while, so, with my ebony blade in one hand, and Dawnbreaker in the other, I hacked at him, and hacked at him, and he choped my head off. Due to the immortailty, my guy was alive, but now instead of a head, he had a bloody stump at the end of his neck. I stated searching the ground for my head, hopefully it hadn't rolled very far, and I found it, laying there, helmet and all, bloody gore at it's base matching my hero's neck. It was unfortunate that I couldn't pick it up, because I would have probably thrown it at the Ebony Warrior. I loaded a pre-decapitation save, and climbed the mountain-side, again, and tryed this again, warry of a headless future like so many running chickens. summoning my sidekick after a while, I resorted to my Dwarven crossbow to deal out the damage from afar, only to learn of the Warrior's paralyzing arrows. It is a curious feeling, laying on the ground in a mid-stride postion, incapable of movement, as your sidekick is taught the meaning of pain, and the Ebony Warrior heals himself, and I also learned that his blade had health sapping capabilities, he healed as he tried to kill me. After my shout meter was ready, I called a storm, lightning, rain, wind, the works. You would think being stuck by lightning five times within three minutes would slow a man down, but not this one. Even with a small cloud of electricity circling him. Did I mention he beat my dragon? and he continued to use his shouting, and I was watching as my warrior went tumbling down the side of the mountain, limp as a sloth dropped from twenty thousand feet. As my hero got to his feet, and climbed the mountain, I might as well mention the stuff this guy was saying to me, asking me to hit him harder, and the like, so after the storm wore off, he still wasn't dead, in fact he healed quite a bit, and the scorch marks, arrows and tiny spears, bolts, weapons from the dragon's allies, and that dead troll, we did quite a bit of damage. If I fought this guy in Whiterun where I met him, we might have killed as many people as the game would let us, and also have amassed a small hill of dead guards. Finally, after about twenty or such dwarven bolts in his body, the Ebony Warrior fell, joy was with him as he cried out about his reward. I then proceeded to steal whatever item of value I wanted from his corpse, I was curious as to why he had two hearts (daedra, and human) and I also liberated him of his flawless dimond and items of the liken. I found it raceist when I removed his helmet to find him most likely a former resident of Hammerfall. And I also took the time to shout at his corpse. I saved the game, and quit to desktop. I; had finished my Skyrim experince. Untill the Skywind mod is out.
game-hours: 505.3
review: The only game where I can save the world and get arrested for picking a flower.
game-hours: 44.4
review: Skyrim is truly a must own game, one that goes down as one of the best of all time. I'm sure though that you probably know this already, and are looking to buy it on your own, and if you don't already own this game, you really should. Welcome to Skyrim, a world were nord fantasy and dragons aboad. Here, magic wizards and sorcerers live, only to be lost in defeat to the returned dragons. Now, all that is the armys of Skyrim, waging war on both eachother and the dragons that have come. You, a prisoner in the crossfire of these wars, is destined to defeat the dragons and restore the Skyrim world. Though in Skyrim, you may choose another path. Like most open world games, your options aren't limited to one path. You can choose from the evil of the world, or the conquering of the world. Here, you can wander steep slopes, vast tundra, large bodies of water, and even slay dragons. All the while, you collect several items and other incredible peripherals known as "shouts". The more you play, the more you just get pulled in. Not to mention the modding community for the game is beyond massive, and the people who do make these mods create THOUSANDS of extra hours of content, and that is trimming it down to just a slim portion. Simply put, Skyrim is one off the best games ever made, EVER. A must own for any gamer, and for the price, it would be a sin not to buy.
game-hours: 3.9
review: I don't own the game but i can write a review. 10/10
game-hours: 39.4
review: Giant rat ran up to me. Giant rat bit me. Crushed giant rat to death. Felt bad. Exited game. Closed Steam. Shutdown computer. Cried. 10/10 would go on emotional rollercoaster ride with giant rat again
game-hours: 154.9
review: It is not often I get lost in a game like I did with Skyrim. Everything about this game screams quality and adventure. While Bethesda hasn't exactly got a track record for delivering bug-free games at launch, this has been a pleasant, polished and amazing experience so far. A much improved third-person view, amazing music, a living breathing world, a menu-system that's amazing and a game filled with interesting stuff to do. Truly a masterpiece.
game-hours: 1605.2
review: Meh.
game-hours: 46.1
review: I killed a chicken once, ONCE.
game-hours: 69.0
review: 11/10 my favorite game ever!
game-hours: 43.6
review: Played roughly 1,200 hours on xbox have all achievements and DLC but after 1 year of not playing Ihad to buy it on PC just to play again
game-hours: 79.3
review: My prelimenary opinion would be that this game is even more awesome than the ones that came before. I was a big gamer when it came to Oblivion and I do miss some of the pleasant features of that game in the Skyrim gameplay. Luckely, in my opinion, the conversationwheel was parted with. A big plus for Skyrim is the smithing-feature as are the dragons obviously and the Medieval, Scandinavian, mythological feeling in-game. Regarding to the use of magic, I think it was a great move on the part of the developpers to go with these 'shouts'...very well done. Each factions, race, etc. is now even more diverse than in previous games. A big point of critique is that Bethesda still has a lot men and women in the game talking in the same voice (but of course it is obvious as to why that is so). The vanilla world map could use some improvement, if you are against using mods for this. As a big fan over the series, I think a 9 out of 10 (with Oblivion being 8,5 and Morrowind a 7) is an appropriate mark for The Elder Scrolls V Skyrim.
game-hours: 169.7
review: Skyrim is a great game........A really great game......
game-hours: 165.1
review: 10/10, would dragonborn again.
game-hours: 267.8
review: Better than sliced bread. Best Elder Scrolls ever made and I've played them since Arena. If you suffer from CRS (Constant Restart Syndrome) then you're going to have bad time.
game-hours: 123.0
review: Baby's first RPG.
game-hours: 198.3
review: The best RPG game ever created. I wish there was more DLCs.
game-hours: 43.0
review: Epic!
game-hours: 231.9
review: Wow this game is awesome. Killed a dragon and literally ate its soul. Got my head chopped off seven times in a row. Tanned the cat I killed in the woods and gained two pounds. That's about all I remember from yesterday. 10/10
game-hours: 466.8
review: One of my favorite games of all time. Over 200 hours played thanks to the multitude of options and paths to play. Epic final battle and great atmosphere. A must have for your collection. The gameplay is solid and the inventory system can be updated via the workshop. Not too mention all the community made mods and additions for you to download.
game-hours: 152.1
review: Admittedly, I review this game as a non-ES long-time player and aficionado (like most Skyrim players though). The main thing I'm gonna say about Skyrim is that it is certainly a good and completely functional open box RPG. The modding community is so huge and the modders so good that with a pack of top-notch modifications you can limitlessly expand the game (with minor performance issues). I personally find almost every game released in the last 5 years to be unsatisfying for a person like myself, so I can't rate it more than 8/10. Nonetheless, as I've stated above mods can make Skyrim really immersive. You think a feature like the Werewolf transformation is uncomplete and poorly implemented? There's a mod for that. You think being limited to travelling with a mere and dysfunctional follower is somewhat unrealistic for a well renowned hero and Dragonborn? There's a mod for that. You find quite weird being an adventurer and not having a backpack with you all the time? There's a mod for that. You want to introduce new armour and weapons? Be my guest. I might be a little bit obsessed, and over a decade of playing videogames in almost all of my spare time may have increased excessively my aspirations towards videogames, but there isn't really any reason not to mod a game of this sort. You're just missing a bunch of features you will end up looking for later on, or that you didn't know you wanted yet. Besides, why didn't Bethesda add spears? It was real-life Nords favourite weapon!
game-hours: 55.7
review: Completely incompareable to any other RPG game out there. I've never played a finer game in a finer series of games. The amount of time you could spend doing anything is endless. In an open free, vast world, there's plenty of room to do whatever you want, and that's just the regular game! The mod community for Skyrim is unlike any I have other seen, and that just sweetens the experience on top of the already-outstanding official DLC that goes with it. It really did live up to it's potential in the Elder Scrolls series, and even exceeded it. After playing Morrowind and Oblivion, I can say that I have nothing to be upset with. As a former player of Morrowind and Oblivion, I have only just recently gotten Skyrim for PC, and It still doesn't get old. My advice would be that if able, try out a bit of Morrowind, and Oblivion so you can get your taste set in on the Elder Scrolls, or if you want, you can just jump right into Skyrim. The Graphics: 10/10 The Storyline: 10/10 The Choices: 10/10 Recommendation: BUY THIS GAME (NOW)
game-hours: 27.8
review: fus roh da with the dopest mods i smoked dank weed in the freezing cold while an elephant was attacking a vilage 1000/10
game-hours: 50.0
review: ace'd it on xbox 360. All Achievements, all DLC, Everything complete.Got into PC so i could mod it. 10/10 Time well spent.
game-hours: 139.9
review: Fick!
game-hours: 143.2
review: the modding is so insane that you end up spending most of your time modding instead of playing the game. 10/10 would mod again
game-hours: 25.9
review: 2011 game... still better than most games released in 2015.... 1000/10 - IGN
game-hours: 46.8
review: I highly recommend this game for all RPG enthusaists and gamers wanting a "noob-friendly" game. :)
game-hours: 0.5
review: While not as fun as Morrowind or Oblivion, it is worth playing.
game-hours: 152.7
review: This game is literally life, you need this game. You can make naked girls C: (or guys if you're into that stuff i'm not judgeing C:)
game-hours: 253.3
review: You ought to love this game and its beautiful graphics. The story is complex and interesting. The journey pulls you into this gorgeous world of dragons and mythical creatures. Moreover, the landscape is simply breathtaking!!
game-hours: 365.2
review: I shot a guy in the face with an arrow he said that it must have been the wind 10/10
game-hours: 36.5
review: Easily kills hordes of dragons....gets killed by 3 Whiterun guards... 10/10 would die again
game-hours: 28.6
review: 10/10 would lose 2 years again
game-hours: 21.4
review: I have had to purchase the game 4 times now because of various reasons. I've played through it multiple times and now that I have a good rig I repurchased with all the dlc to mod the hell out of it. It's a brand new experience every time I play. 10/10 Would recommend again.
game-hours: 233.8
review: What can i say the best RPG game I have played. I love the mod support and the mods that you can find so creative and unquie, also naughty if your in to that. The game developers dont even mind if you "fix" the game because there is alot of unoffcial fixes and i know some companies don't like that
game-hours: 237.3
review: yeah its ok
game-hours: 178.4
review: yep
game-hours: 27.7
review: This game is epic
game-hours: 47.8
review: gud
game-hours: 23.2
review: It is one of my favorite games on steam! The mechanics are excuistite!
game-hours: 782.1
review: greatness
game-hours: 55.9
review: Great game
game-hours: 21.9
review: Do you like Dragons and Kings ? Did you liked Game of Thrones ? If your answer is YES, this game is made for you ! Create your own knight and travel through an open environment to solve thousand of quests fighting dragons and creatures. But be careful, your behaviour toward people will condition their behaviour toward you. The reallity is pushed to the limit here. If your dream was to be a knight once in your life time buy this game. ^^ Enjoy life :)
game-hours: 112.1
review: Someone at bethesda said "GUNS ARE BAD FOR CHILDS" and this game was made.
game-hours: 168.5
review: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000/10 would play for 999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999 more years. i <3 tis game. killed alduin with fus ro dah. cried after cuz so epic!! FUSSS ROO DAAHHH
game-hours: 594.6
review: - Purged the world of my arch-nemesis, Old Salty - Fus Ro Dah'ed a goat off the Throat of the World - Lured a follower to a cult of maniacs to be murdered and possessed by a Daedric Lord - Decapitated an old lady in her orphanage -> no f**ks were given that day - Stole a sweet roll -> "You have committed crimes against the people of Skyrim" - Became a werewolf - Mauled and fed off of other people - Cleansed of my lycanthropy to become a Vampire Lord - Bit countless necks - Avoided detection by standing right under my enemy's nose and finally - Rode a mother f**king dragon Best game ever 10/10
game-hours: 21.3
review: One time I spent a little over two hours hitting Lydia with a mace and then watching her health regenerate. After, I realized what I had done with my life I closed the game. Several tragic weeks later I opened up Skyrim and I FUS-RO-dahed Lydia out of my Redguard's life. R.I.P. Lydia
game-hours: 337.0
review: I spent countless hours in tamriel, bethesda made a great game, even though it was not near perfect, the modding community made skyrim into one of the best rpgs in recent years, if somethings is not like you want it? mod it. if there is something that can't be modded in skyrim, try another bethesda game, someone even managed to mod fallout: NV to have working cars! without mods: 7.6 with mods: 9.1
game-hours: 124.4
review: God what have I done. I killed a small armenian child with a shovel today. Then when his parents tried come at me I gutted them with a spoon and now I have an Ethiopian army chasing after me which is fine because in a few days they will starve in a few days anyways. Whatever I can just play skyrim.
game-hours: 122.5
review: I love it you can punch things and shout at you Enemies
game-hours: 78.1
review: Step 1: Complete the game. Step 2: Regret not buying all DLCs. Step 3: Buy all DLCs, and mod the game so much, that it looks better than games made in 2015. Step 4: Complete game one more time, this time walking around and watching freaking chickens. Step 5: Realize that this is the best (that type of) game that you've ever played.
game-hours: 154.8
review: quits skyrim every 5 minutes to install more mods #modituntillitcrashes
game-hours: 163.0
review: One of those games that silently creeps behind you, and before you even know it, you've been caught and will never be able to escape from it. TES V: Skyrim is the game I've played the most, and even after all this time I return to it's cold, lonely fjords.
game-hours: 10.9
review: Its like Skyrim... but it is!
game-hours: 54.8
review: game. of. the. decade. Favorite game. 100+ quests. Amazing gameplay. good graphics (ultra high, mods) story of a decade. (except for the 40 minute cutscene). Legendary customizability. Mods of awesomeness. DLC? Stellar. 111/100.
game-hours: 279.5
review: Best game ever, that's it. I hate everyone who don't like this game...
game-hours: 903.9
review: but Oblivion was better :(
game-hours: 310.1
review: God help me, I want my life back! Actually, no I don't...
game-hours: 143.6
review: Since its pre-alpha release in november 2011, this game has know so many updates (mysteriously called "mods") that it sometimes get unplayable. Still worth a few hours of good casual enjoyment.
game-hours: 115.6
review: Best Game Ever. You will spend more time installing MODS.
game-hours: 144.5
review: yes
game-hours: 162.8
review: I used to have a life like you, but then I found Skyrim 11/10
game-hours: 122.1
review: nice claw simulator
game-hours: 138.9
review: Just buy it, ok?
game-hours: 111.6
review: This game is absolutely AMAZING. The way it's built, it has ENDLESS possibilites from killing dragons to doing whatever you please. For 30#+ It is worth the time you are going to invest intoit over all. Definetly a must have.
game-hours: 39.9
review: The best RPG ever ! very good fun to play
game-hours: 1174.1
review: Skyrim on the P.C. is one best experiences you'll have. Go to Nexus Mod Manager, you can add countless hours & fun to an already fun game. I highly suggest Interesting NPCs if you do this.
game-hours: 161.1
review: Didn't play oblivion (Blasphemy) before I played this but I did play fallout3 for me it was fallout 3 with dragons and I loved it (MAX YOU'RE AN IDIOT FOR HATING THIS)
game-hours: 305.8
review: Between my PC copy and Xbox I have now sunk over 300 hours into Skyrim, it has to be the best value for money game ever!
game-hours: 182.4
review: I've put over 150 hours on Skyrim. The game is by no means perfect, but its worth every penny. The modding community is amazing, and you'll have no trouble discovering new content, as I still do. If you've been living under a rock, and don't own this game, that needs to change. Its one of the most beautiful games out there. I run 4k textures, and oh god, its amazing. Just get it.
game-hours: 107.3
review: Epic
game-hours: 191.2
review: Lol
game-hours: 161.6
review: I RECOMMEND THIS GAME, !
game-hours: 354.4
review: Skyrim is game where dragon. But also is dragon. Dragon and dragon, but not all dragon, just part dragon. Sometimes, zombie! Shoot mans, follow arrow! Very excite. Skyrim.
game-hours: 175.2
review: Amazing game, forced myself to 100% Skyrim & all DLC's. Definitely worth buying!
game-hours: 135.7
review: It's difficult to ever feel completely satisfied with a play session of Skyrim. There's always one more pressing quest, one more unexplored tract of land, one more skill to increase, one more butterfly to catch. It's a mesmerizing game that draws you into an finely crafted fictional space packed with content that consistently surprises. The changes made since Oblivion are many, and result in a more focused and sensible style of play, where the effects of every decision are easily seen. Featuring the same kind of thrilling freedom of choice The Elder Scrolls series is known for along with beautiful visuals and a stirring soundtrack, playing Skyrim is a rare kind of intensely personal, deeply rewarding experience, and one of the best role-playing games yet produced. I have to say I give this game a solid 10/10.
game-hours: 39.2
review: if you are looking at this review and you currently do not own skyrim then i feel sad for you. you are missing out on one of the best games ever!!! go buy it you fool
game-hours: 92.6
review: It's worth buying.
game-hours: 36.8
review: Now THIS... THIS RIGHT HERE is a game to invest HUNDREDS of hours into. It's easy to run on most modern computers, so there's no reason why you SHOULDN't buy it. I don't need to tell you anything else- BUY. THIS. GAME.
game-hours: 4.5
review: hands down, my favorite game ever. I kind wish a new elder scrolls was coming out instead of ESO :(
game-hours: 10.9
review: "Like Far Cry 3 with swords" -IGN 9.8975/10
game-hours: 169.3
review: gg
game-hours: 419.7
review: The amount of customization is over 9000
game-hours: 1.9
review: This gaem es bueno(;
game-hours: 21.3
review: Hold on to your helmet, this'll be a long one... Does this game even need an explanation? The subsequent game in the series to 'Oblivion', it is in my opinion a genuine improvement. Aside from the obvious graphical improvement (which can be upped ridiculously further via modding), the middleage-european atmosphere has been abandonned for a more enticing nordic-fantasy one, to which I am enjoying far more greatly, allowing for a far greater variety of situations and sights. In terms of gameplay, movement is better weighted, but the melee combat itself remains largely untouched; as such the 'floatiness' and of swinging remains also. This is not to my preference, as it greatly detracts from the satisfaction you could have felt from strikes. Magic and casting however, is infinitely more diverse and satisfying. While not perfect, casting double handed is both completely, jawdroppingly epic and far more practical. You may level up aspects of your spell tree to your liking, and the freedom that comes with this is dizzying. However, with this freedom comes a major detraction. Oblivion's spellmaking opened up so many clever possibilities with its options to 'design' spells - now you're mostly restricted to what you can buy in shops or s find. Levelling up in terms of other abilities is seamless and effective, as you organically become more proficient in whatever you use most, a far better option than picking your majoring class before you even know what you may be up against. The the enemies are generally what you would expect in all honestly, if not somewhat uninspired. You'll face off against spiders, skeletons, big spiders, skeletons that can shout at you a bit. It's only when you REALLY get into the meat of the world that you find any prominent enemies worth your time. Specifically, the dragons you will battle are absolutely astounding, with your first kill an amazing moment in your 'venture. Visuals are satisfactory. Nothing more. Not reaaaaally BAD, but also not amazing at all. ... Lol jk. with the application of mods this can be quickly remedeed. Oh, we're not talking a HD texture patch, cus Bethesda already gave us that. We're talking complete overhall in all areas. Textures, decals, models, partical effects, lighting, water, everything. The phidelity can reach 'Crysis' levels with a nice enough combination of mods, and while this is technically is not the cause of the game, the modding community is so dedicated and integrated to the scene that it might as well be, and for PC; come on, seriously, modding's a friggin standard. The actuall surroundings of Skyrim are diverse and dynamic, and are far in preference for me to Oblivion (maybe Morrowind?). My only gripe is that a large portion of the main story string seems to occur surrounded by snow, but the fact that there ARE many other seasons to see mostly neutralises this complaint anyway. Sound and music are adequate, but are in comparison less magnificent than the sights you witness in parallel. Not very much to address here. The only notable addition to the soundtrack is the main theme, which is so stupidly epic that it almost... ALMOST makes up for the rest of the score. However, the rest of the score DOES serve its purpose, with some pleasantly mellow tracks that act as peaceful ambiance to your travels. The actual *main* plot is something that I cannot praise, as for an unsual reason its massively hazy in my memory. This was likely due to its briefity and comparitive disengagement from the sheer magnitude of the rest of the game. The final boss is great but not fantastic, but my main complaint for the story line stems from its predicticality. You are TOLD very early on that YOU are the Dragonborn, and as such this detracts from the overall revelation. However, this was in fact likely for the best, as you would in response be unable to perform shouts, kill dragons, etcetera until much later than otherwise allowable. Not as fun to be honest. Skryrim... You forgiven. I have so much to say about this game that I'd go on for much, much longer. But this is getting out of hand. To wrap up, out of the DLC available, 'Dawngaurd' is easily most worth your time. More story driven than 'Dragonborn', it will extend your adventure in a more meaninful, motivational manner. 'Hearthfire' is fairly unneeded and can be replaced by some mods, while 'Dragonborn' is somewhat less polished and briefer. The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is quite frankly a masterpiece, and (debatably) one of the best in the series. You can't go wrong, with literally hundreds of hours of gameplay available even after the main story line is over, picking this up on discount for as little as 4 freaking pounds sterling should be criminal. But I love it. + Ceaseless, seamless character progression + Beautiful, intricate open world + Polished casting system, geniously combinable with melee combat - Somewhat lackluster visuals and sound -- (ironically improvable with mods) 9.5/10 ~ Phenomenal ------------------------ 10/10 ~ MASTERPIECE [with mods] No joke. Absolutely serious. With a delicate combination of mods, Skyrim can literally become perfect. Remove the faults. BAM. Done. EpicSouls (Sam)
game-hours: 659.9
review: Just come on, it's a Skyrim.
game-hours: 504.5
review: Don't be a console peasant. Play Skyrim on PC with  tons of mods to make the game look gorgeous. If you haven't played this, something is seriously wrong with you. 11/10
game-hours: 443.9
review: Well. It doesn't get much more thu-umingly good than this. Skyrim in PC is a waterfall of fun - The game itself boasts a 94 in the Metascore, and there's so damn much to be getting on with in Skyrim! The atmospheric views and daunting enemies make this game cash-worthy, and the ability so shout - rather loudly - as a dragon can is pretty unique, and brings Skyrim to the table as a worthy RPG contender. Graphics? They're a little demanding, but the Ultra settings are a different story - Bringing the best graphics to an RPG i've ever seen. Such a good game - especially with mods. Brilliant. Buy it. Be the Dragonborn.
game-hours: 274.4
review: Best game ever :)
game-hours: 268.5
review: One of the best games i ever plaied :-)
game-hours: 63.9
review: Still the best game out there. 11/10
game-hours: 144.4
review: I've never lost myself so completely in a... Kony 2012
game-hours: 125.4
review: This game sucks. 12/10
game-hours: 118.7
review: - "Oh, hi! Yes I would like to hire you as my companion for 500 gold! And my first task for you is to walk up to that mysterious altar-looking thing and just touch it. Nonono, I assure you, this has nothing to do with the daedric prince I just spoke to ordering me to offer a sacrifice..." - "K" ALSO, THOMAS THE TANK ENGINE; ESSENTIAL MOD.
game-hours: 197.1
review: Its game be off the charts son buy it now
game-hours: 180.6
review: Good game. For best experience use mods.
game-hours: 273.9
review: Ruins friendships and relationships alike. irondaggers/10 would kill Nazeem again.
game-hours: 60.4
review: Stole a plate and got killed Next time I misclicked, still got killed 14/12 Would listen to Darude Sandstorm again!
game-hours: 118.9
review: So after installing the sexmods I went and started my life as a Redguard  who also enjoyed animal . Game of the year 10/10
game-hours: 45.2
review: You know, my friends joked about this being a game where you rim the sky, but there probably is a mod for it out there... Somewhere.
game-hours: 39.7
review: great game had it on console then got it on pc its worth 30$. then once you beat it or get bored you get mods and have even more fun then before.
game-hours: 25.2
review: It well take you ALOT of time to finish this game, #wurfThePrice u gonna have fun playing it.
game-hours: 40.5
review: Does this game even need a review? I mean, seriously, it is one of the best games on the PC to date and defines the western RPG genre with sheer greatness and popularity.
game-hours: 58.8
review: xDDDDD
game-hours: 17.7
review: One does not simply play Skyrim without ever doing a MOD.
game-hours: 14.7
review: I used to play this game a lot, but then I took an arrow in the knee.
game-hours: 136.5
review: 10/10
game-hours: 8.9
review: The game is amazing, fun and addictive. Could have been better if there wasn't spiders in the begining because of how popular aracnophobia is these days. I literally had to squint my eyes to finish the first part.
game-hours: 3791.7
review: This game looks so real everything moves real like the only problem i am having is riding my mounts long distantses it likes to freeeeze up. Other than that it does just fine.
game-hours: 49.9
review: I can't wait for The Elder Scrolls V Skyrim 2
game-hours: 15.2
review: very cool, very swag, I like it
game-hours: 17.3
review: pickpocketed an old woman and failed, got a bounty of 1000 gold. Bounty collector came to methought it was a bandit,killed him with my sword and took all his armour of and dropped him down a mountain. Bounty 1500. 10/10 would get the wanted achievment again!
game-hours: 117.5
review: why bother reading reviews if youre gonna buy it anyways??
game-hours: 395.9
review: this is an old game...i know alright, but for testing the new reccomend system on steam, i just review it a little bit for you who probably never played this game before :D alright, this game set 200 years after oblivion at a region called Skyrim, where the land of Nords and the ancient Dragons, Dragons on skyrim already gone for hundreds of years, but in this game unfortunately the dragons come back and search for revenge, that's the main plot of this game. for the gameplay it self....well, if you ever played morrowind or oblivion before, the gameplay of this game kinda the same, noting particularly improve from the combat mechanic, but Bethesda made some improvement into the battle style, like in oblivion you can't really do dual wielding, in this game you can use magic on your left hand and sword on your right hand, or the otherwise, or forget the magic and use shield on it, or if you want to be a badass use different magic on each hand. probably the most improvement that i like from this game is the "realistic" leveling up system, i don't know why most "hardcore" or "old school" gamer don't like this, but i think this is a great idea, like in real world, more often you using something (ex sword) you can get better at it. the environtment really beautiful, everything is really detail you can walking for hours just to admire the environtment on this game one of the drawback from this game probably the storyline, i do agree the storyline in this game really shallow, it's not bad, but not as deep as i expect it, in fact its really shallow, theres no particularly exciting events on the storyline as its go, hell, even the final quest really easy, dissapointing and anti-climax. and another drawback from this game is the guild system, theres so many guild in this game like thief, dark brotherhood, the companion, etc, but theres no real connection beetween them, and theres 2 faction on this game, its the stormcloacks and the imperial, what funny is, if you choose imperial you will not have any negative effect whatsoever, you can still roaming around freely on stormcloacks city, even if you using the imperial armor as well. If you doing that on TES 3 Morrowind the guards will attack you until you died. the vinal verdict is 9/10, its still a really great game, i love all the improvement on this game, i enjoy the combat system, the environtment, the side quest, but if they can improve a little bit on the storyline and storytelling system , and improve the connection beetween guild and faction this game will get 10/10 from me and theres a lot of modder that make mod for this game, and until now the community still active, theres mod for adding more armor, weapon, place even quests, you will get hundreds of additional time to play with these mods
game-hours: 709.1
review: one of the best games in history
game-hours: 48.6
review: best game ever made, it never ends!!
game-hours: 44.8
review: AHHHH the best
game-hours: 36.3
review: Reaally gowd
game-hours: 127.9
review: I love this game.
game-hours: 79.9
review: Better in PC than xbox I would defiantly recommend this game
game-hours: 33.4
review: So the other day I downloaded all these games I'll never play, so my internet ran out so then I played this game and I did have fun. #Drowisacat.
game-hours: 168.0
review: If you haven't played skyrim you're not gaming right.
game-hours: 40.1
review: No words, just buy it.
game-hours: 103.7
review: No review necessary. If you do not like it then you are lost. If you do, then gods save your soul. ;)
game-hours: 444.9
review: Like Skyrim with Skyrim 11/10 it was decent
game-hours: 18.2
review: Bloody Awesome!!!
game-hours: 212.6
review: a+
game-hours: 278.8
review: 8.5/10 ts Perfect
game-hours: 171.9
review: awesome game
game-hours: 120.5
review: Freezed a chicken with a spell in the middle of the village and got gangraped by guards and villagers! 10/10
game-hours: 378.9
review: The mods... the mods... the MOOOOOODS.
game-hours: 16.6
review: I mean, it's Skyrim. Of course I recommend it! Who wouldn't??
game-hours: 79.7
review: 1000000/10 "Like Skyrim with guns" IGN
game-hours: 716.2
review: There is no game like it in existance, and i can tell you right now. This game is worth more than your life. If you don't have this game, buy it instantly. Legit i ing hate you if you dont have this.
game-hours: 14.4
review: hmm...part of the elder scrolls series, that means i don't have to go into detail because you already know, 5 stars.
game-hours: 32.0
review: one of the best rpg game ever made
game-hours: 112.5
review: Buy it now. NOW. NOWNOWNOWNOWNOWNOWNOWNOWNOWNOW
game-hours: 61.3
review: Endless possiblities thanks to the robust MOD community. I absolutely adore this game and the franchise. You can't go wrong with SKYRIM.
game-hours: 76.2
review: Epic
game-hours: 102.9
review: mods nuff said
game-hours: 119.9
review: Ok...so after some hours of playing...now it's time to say.. THIS GAME IS EPIC!It's probably the best purchase I ever made on steam.This game is absolutely a must buy. Cool nature. Animals and creatures. Very nice graphics...I wont say more...everything is epic here. 10/10
game-hours: 153.4
review: Great Game! Loads of Fun! HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT!
game-hours: 221.6
review: Modding the game is more fulfilling than actually playing it. gr8 8/8
game-hours: 18.0
review: Such a great game. i rate it (because  ign) a amazing 10/10
game-hours: 429.9
review: If you're looking for a game to get lost to, this is it. :) 10/10
game-hours: 101.6
review: Amazing single-player RPG with an open world, detailed story lines, and amazing modding community. My only real complaints are around the item system and how simple it is. Each item has maybe 1-2 stats or bonuses on it and thats it. There are only a handfull of total available bonuses to begin with. Highly recommended game for anyone looking for one of the best Single-player RPG's available (as of 2013).
game-hours: 165.5
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is one of my favorite games of all time, and is absolutely amazing. It is my favorite of the Elder Scrolls franchise, and the gameplay is incredible. The amount of quests is amazing. 10/10 Left me begging for an Elder Scrolls Online key.
game-hours: 137.4
review: I used to be an adventurer like you....
game-hours: 317.5
review: I have always been a fan of the elder scrolls ever since morrowind back in 2002 and in my opinion this is a great sequel. Skyrim is the most stunning game to look at in the elder scrolls seris however some graphical gltiches occur. Skyrim has also the best modding community so far as after more than 3 years mod delvepors either in the nexus or the workshop are still cranking out great mods to help enchance the game. In the end you must play this game if you are looking for a great rpg experince or just a great game.
game-hours: 46.7
review: Greatest game ever.
game-hours: 1.3
review: I must say this is an epic game. It can make you stick with it for days. That's why I only played for only an hour: I don't have enough time to stick with it. And remember, mod is an imporyant part of this game. I multiplies the enjoyment. Also btw, never kill anychicken in the village - unless you are strong enough to kill anyone in the village.
game-hours: 80.5
review: Love this game played it first on the ps3 then got it on pc and its even better! Must try out the mods they do change the game a lot! (in a good way)
game-hours: 162.3
review: One of the best games of all time.
game-hours: 103.3
review: Amazing free roam world thumbs up
game-hours: 7.6
review: This game is like $4,00 now. I don't think you'll ever have as much fun for $4,00 in your life.
game-hours: 231.6
review: My Character went from a Potato farmer to an Imperial General 10/10
game-hours: 505.7
review: Game is awesome and sucks you in for hours.
game-hours: 31.0
review: it took me two years to get a real copy of this game and find out it was a good game
game-hours: 40.9
review: the best rpg game
game-hours: 159.5
review: 1100 / 10 play button get rekt
game-hours: 12.0
review: This is a game that I may have not played much on my pc but I played it endlesly before I had my pc on the xbox 360. At points I was addicted to this classic game of briliance and if more games could be modeled of off the freedom this game has life would be amazing!
game-hours: 54.4
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is an epic open world fantasy RPG that on it's own is average to below average at best. Skyrim is fairly similar to all past Elder Scrolls games. Big difference is they mudded up every menu for controllers and they made everything dual wieldable. Of course the graphics are better and now you're in Skyrim, so different quests, but most remains the same. The main thing that really makes me not reccomend it is how shallow the game and world feel. The world revolves around you and doesn't seem to live on its own. The Gta games are a good example of games that have alive worlds. You always seem like the focus of everybody and all the NPCs are so lifeless. Another thing that really doesn't feel good is the combat. Now the magic combat for the most part feels fine, the melee combat however is quite poor. The animations feel odd, maybe too fast, and weapons never feel like the connect with the target (Unless you get one of those rare finisher moves). The quests in the game are fairly good for the most part, however they never seem rewarding or interesting to finish, you just get some sword or magic cloak that gives you better stats in the end. For the base game I would really only rate this about a 6/10. If I would compare it to anything it would be an ocean about the depth of a kiddy pool. It's big, huge even, but everything you do is kinda meh, or the same. So after all that average or below average nay say on the game why do I reccomend it? Because Bethesda pretty much knows all this, and so does the community. Together they joined forces and created the wonder that is FULL MOD SUPPORT. Seriously, this game is like a PC gamer's modding heaven. Practically everything I've stated above is fixable and changeable with the help of even just a few mods. I will warn you though, modding this game is pretty much just as compelling as making your own freaking game. Bethesda layed the ground work in the base game, now it's your turn to make Skyrim YOUR game. With mods, game gets a 10/10, because it's pretty much everybody's perfect RPG. Only thing that limits you is the amount of time you want to spend modding. The only mod I can say every single person needs to install no matter what is SkyUI, seriously screw that bloody controller optimised UI. It even sucks on controllers.
game-hours: 196.6
review: _    (   )   /    //   _ //  //| (( || |   ) | |) / ` )L (_
game-hours: 26.2
review: Basically Far Cry 3 without guns. 11/10 it's ok.
game-hours: 47.1
review: This game.... wow..... Been on Steam for years and never bought it :O, instead of hanging out with  I should have played this ! Really addictive, fcked my hobbies. 10/10 You can ride a horse and kill people. Good enough
game-hours: 17.9
review: it is fun
game-hours: 18.3
review: This game is good... Nuff said...
game-hours: 48.9
review: if you liked eragon then you will LOVE this one!
game-hours: 28.3
review: this game is amazing
game-hours: 70.4
review: "Like Farcry with swords." 10/10 -IGN
game-hours: 162.5
review: This is without a doubt the best game I have ever played. Coupling my play time on steam and a rough estimate on my xbox I've racked up around 200 - 250 hours on skyrim, maybe more and I am not bored of it yet. The graphics, the storyline, the characters... It's all so beautifully constructed, with the aid of the thousands of mods avaliable across the interwebs, and in most places beautifully written I can't help but keep going back to it time after time after time. My favourite part about Skyrim is the Dawnguard DLC. Even though we're dealing with vampires here (no spoilers intended) I find the storyline, in some parts, quite touching and overall it is something I think is 99% perfect. I would definitely recommend the Elder Scrolls franchise as a whole, and if you haven't bought any of the games BUY THEM RIGHT NOW AND PREPARE TO NEVER GO OUTSIDE AGAIN.
game-hours: 378.4
review: Best game evar.
game-hours: 101.5
review: Skyrim is overrated. 6/10.
game-hours: 171.4
review: I deffinately recommend this game if you're a fan of fantasy rpg games. There are so many options and possibilities as you level up and progress the game, that you will deffinately have a unique experience and character. And that's one of the things i really like about this game. The character that you create is yours and only, because you have the option to choose whichever perk you like in order to make a unique and different person in the world of skyrim. Plus, there are so many quests to do, and every single one is different. Some are easy, some are hard. Some are serious and some are quite funny in my opinion. :) Deffinately one of my favorite games. (P.S. the graphics are amazing)
game-hours: 2.9
review: IF YOU ENJOY READING AND LISTENING TO PEOPLE TALK, THEN THIS GAME IS THE GAME FOR YOU
game-hours: 88.3
review: dragons dragons dragons
game-hours: 179.9
review: buy this game its so good 10/10
game-hours: 17.9
review: it is fun
game-hours: 26.0
review: Good Game
game-hours: 9.8
review: Modded it and was in my house. I got kidnapped,  and then Shrek came in and exploded them with onions. I then let him fill me with onions and went back to playing gr8 m8 i r8 8/8
game-hours: 402.2
review: Best RPG in 2011 ! Best DLC in 2013 !
game-hours: 30.1
review: One word: AMAZING.
game-hours: 70.0
review: You can spawn in cows and cheese. 10/10
game-hours: 41.2
review: This game follows the religion of the Holy Chiken. The Chiken is Untouchable by earthly mortals such as you. Guard the chiken with your life, and your loyaltly will be reworded. 6.9/10, would play again.
game-hours: 38.1
review: Awesome game !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 95.6
review: Amazing game. YOU CAN PLAY AS A FREAKIN LIZARD !!!!!!!!
game-hours: 18.6
review: i can't play this game 10/6
game-hours: 77.4
review: only complaint about the game is the characters have little to zero personality and the story aspect of the game isn't all that interesting to say the least. also the same voice actor does A LOT of the npcs. (8.5/10)
game-hours: 379.9
review: Skyrim is amazing...
game-hours: 451.6
review: You must have this game! It is one of the best games ever made and i have a few reasons why. First reason is that the game is huge, after 200 hours there is still a lot of things to do. The side missions are interesting and fun, they are not repetitive and sometimes more interesting than the main story itself. Skyrim also have Workshop support and the community have some great mods to expand the game whatever way you like! The game also doesn't force you to do the main quest, you can just enjoy the great Skyrim nature and the amazing soundtrack and not worry about a thing. The only bad thing is that the game doesn't have any choice system so the world around you won't change much. Score: OVER 9000!/10
game-hours: 480.2
review: 11/10 Would bang.
game-hours: 50.4
review: Its like Far Cry with bows
game-hours: 75.3
review: AWESOME !!! I've never been intrested in rpg but this game has ALOT of content,good graphics(they we're incredible when the game was released),weapons,quests,guilds,dungeons,cities and so on.Pick it to your library from a sale if your not sure about it.
game-hours: 110.5
review: My story: I was walking aimlessly around Riften, then something caught my eye, a flash, I walked over to investigate. It was a spriggan! I drew my bow and sneaked stealthily around it, I picked an arrow from the quiver, readied it in the bow, pulled back the string... FIRE! The spriggan falls to the ground but doesn't die, I walk up to it with my sword to finish it off, but, in that moment, it gets back up again! I ready my fire spell and spew forth an inferno. Finally... It is vanquished! But, something wasn't right... I hear growling behind me I turn around and fire my bow but I miss! There was nothing to worry about anyway, it was my trusty dog Meeko and my noble steed Allie. I mount Allie with Meeko on my lap and set off for another, Skyrim Adventure 10/10 would kill spriggans again
game-hours: 71.0
review: 15/10 Pickpocketed an oblivious bandit. Teabaged a dragon. Killed my follower for almost killing me with chain lightening. Paralyzed a local blacksmith. Contracted STD's from vampires. .............and killed by a mudcrab.
game-hours: 18.0
review: It's like Skyrim with guns.
game-hours: 44.7
review: Modded the sh*t out of it
game-hours: 313.0
review: No Steam library is complete with out Skyrim.
game-hours: 281.6
review: First Pc game, i got, best pc game i have got, although i wish i had got it from amazon uk as they had the elder scrolls box set all 5 games, all dlc and all for 25. 3,4 and 5 all are steam games on disk. i go the legendry edition of here and only looked back because of the box set. its like a 2nd life. where u can kill peopple by shouting, get killed by a pot and become a master criminal by killing a chicken.... and thats with out the mods! A MUST GET FOR ANY ONE>
game-hours: 251.4
review: When a game became art
game-hours: 177.6
review: Great game. Endless fun. Crossbow is my best friend.
game-hours: 7.2
review: This game is like drugs, you can't give up on them to easy.
game-hours: 225.9
review: I have killed countless dragons, trolls, I have saved the world from being eaten by the king of all evil, Wait, is that a bear? Nononono, screw that. I'm out. *flies off on thomas the tank engine, god I love mods.*
game-hours: 96.6
review: It's been a long way since Elder Scrolls started and this is the best one yet. Skyrim has enhanced the limits of multiple games and proved that a sword-slashing-gory-game is possible. Not to mention the mods makes the game alot more interetsing as well.
game-hours: 466.3
review: TES V: Skyrim is simply one of the best RPG's i have ever played.
game-hours: 385.4
review: BEST DAMN GAME EVER DAMN MADE! THERE CAN BE ONLY ONE AND THIS IS THE ONE! THIS IS....THE PRIZE!
game-hours: 46.3
review: I went into a bar and challenged a guy in a drinking contest, got drunk and went on a rampage ultimately geting married to a hag. 10/10
game-hours: 158.2
review: EPIC!
game-hours: 46.3
review: Mod simulator 2014
game-hours: 47.7
review: I like it somewhat but all you need is mods and it makes the game 10000 times better. Either way the game is beautiful and fun to mess around! :>
game-hours: 94.9
review: This is a truly awesome game. The Elder Scrolls Skyrim is awesome With its Top-Notch Graphics and Awesome Quests that are full of amazing loot and enemy's you would love to murdur and EAT THEIR SOUL........(kidding) this game. People especially like this game because you can do what ever you want like doing that quest were you eat a priest............ When ever you want, you could be in the middle of a main quest line and wonder off and fight some dragons or Trolls or raid a Bandit base or go to one of the citys and buy some stuff or go out into the vast open world and do things that normal people do every day like... killing dragons, killing innocent villagers, stealing from innocent villages, fus ro da...ing villagers! theres not one thing you cant do to terrorise villagers. theres also people who actually do the main storyline but skyrim lets you do what ever you want. So to sum it all up Elder Scrolls Skyrim is one of the best games i've ever played so you should buy it and play it to see how you like it then comment on this article and tell me your experience playing this game.... and if you dont buy it............ i will FUS RO DAH YOU B***H!
game-hours: 158.4
review: Ok I am not even sure where to start with this game. If you have played Morrowind or Oblivion, dont bother reading this, you should already own this and all its DLC and if you don't, I have no idea whats wrong with you, so to the review: Graphically this game is absurd. If you have a PC that can support this game at its highest settings, download the HI RES DLC pack (its free on Steam from Bethesda) and pack on some free mods from Steam or Nexus, this game blows anything away you could ever see, and its going on 3 years old by now. Even if you are scared of mods or are not sure how to use them, this game can still look breathtaking. You will have your glitches that happen off and on (if you are familar with this franchise, you know what I am talking about) and sometimes things will go south and may even cause a nice crash to desktop. Just remember the F5 key is your best friend in this game, and set that autosave to everytime you open any menu and a nice 10-15 minute timer so you never really get screwed as bad. When it comes to sound, this game one of the best soundtracks I have ever heard. I absolutely love the opening score, the serene music that plays at times in towns, shops, or even out and about in the world as you are taking in the beautiful environments and that amazing looking moon in the night sky. Voice acting is fantastic, although at times glitchy, and repetitive. There are mods you can get to overhaul the dialogue (especially with the guards) so you dont find yourself hearing the same dopey comment from the guard that you can smite with but a shout. I also wish they went ahead and paid more voice actors for this game as i hear the same damn voice for far too many NPCs. The only exceptions are the really rare or important NPCs, and even then some get repeated. Overall, I can sit with this game up on the menu if I am busy with other things or whatever, and relax to the music going on in the background. Jeremy Soule did an amazing job with this score and I cannot wait to see more from him in the next Elder Scrolls game. Gameplay and Story will be the last thing I touch on in this somewhat lengthy review. If you are still with me, good, this is where it counts for most RPGs. The story is very well written. You are a Dragonborn, one of very few descendants of Dragons themselves, you posses the power to speak as them, using what is called the "Thu'um." You are quested with figuring out what is going on with the sudden rise of the Dragons that have not been seen in centuries, and trying to stem a civil war between the Imperials of Cyrodil, and the Stormcloak Rebellion of Skyrim. One of the best things about this game is you do not even have to really touch the main story to fully enjoy this game. There are hundreds and hundreds of quests between the two major DLCs (Dragonborn and Dawnguard) and the mod community on PC just opens this up even more with Bethesda giving gamers control of their development tool kit. That does not even touch the quests from the base game. I can literally spend about 2-3 minute scrolling thru my quest log of every single quest I have completed in the 150+ hours I have played this, and STILL find more to do! I personally loved the storyline behind the Dark Brotherhood and some fun throwbacks to that guild from Oblivion. (Pay close attention to that Spectral Assassin you can summon!) The expansions brought some amazing stories with the addition of seeing a few more planes of Oblivion (Soul Cairn and Apocrypha) and also becoming a vampire or werewolf, which themselves have their own perks, as well as their own pros and cons. The control scheme is pretty fluid and quite easy to play. I recommend sticking with a mouse and keyboard as the primary control scheme. The controller is an option, but with the added option of the Console Commands for the PC, its best to stick with original PC control scheme. I had no real complaints with the controls except for the quick menu. My god was this a pain in the . You literally would pause the game every single time you changed weapons, spell,shouts, powers, whatever. I FULLY recommend SKYSE and SKY UI. These can be found on Nexus Mod Manager and if you don't know how to do anything with Mods, a great Brit named "Gopher" has a lot of great videos uploaded on how to do a lot with this game and its mods. Google it. The Sky UI overlays a better UI for the player, and doesnt interrupt Skyrims original UI. It DOES require SKYSE to run, but this makes all the world of difference just for the fact that you get gear slots you can assign to specific buttons/keys. I set keys 1-8 for my gear sets and its great using ranged until something gets close and just hitting a 4 and immediately going melee. You can even assign specific shouts or powers to those gear sets. Very well done mod. With all this being said, i cannot recommend this game enough. You can see how many hours I have put into it, and I havent had it for the PC that long. I put in nearly 300 hours on the Xbox 360 and I STILL find new things and have a great time playing this game. If you have a decent PC, built with some of the higher end VGAs and CPUs, this game runs like a dream on the PC compared to ANY OTHER SYSTEM OUT THERE. I can go from starting this game to in it, in less than 2 minutes. On the Xbox 360, this was more like a 5-7 minute ordeal, with far too many lengthly loading screens in between zones(I also experienced many many crashes on the console version at loading screens). Even with some of the negative things I may have mention here, I have to give this game a solid 10/10. You come to expect the glitches, crashes, etc. when it comes to Bethesda games (look at Fallout 3 and NV) so to me it is not worth factoring that too much into the score. I have never had this game crash on me or have any major glitches to the point where it pissed me off and I did not want to play anymore. Buy the Legendary Edition, for the price it is at, it is very much worth it!!
game-hours: 165.8
review: I bought the Legendary Edition (with all DLC) when it was 40% off, and I'm not sorry. The game is just great. It has great replay value, so you can play it over and over again, you can be the character you want to be with almost no limitations. Wanna be a ranger? Sure! Wanna be a warrior vampire? You got it! DLC and mods. My god the mods.They will expand the experience with new weapons, graphical enhancements, armor, quests, locations, cities, activities and more! Get this game! I command you!
game-hours: 91.1
review: Do you like killing dragons, becoming a werewolf and going into dungeons? Well Skyrim is for you. The endless adventure awaits! 10/10
game-hours: 414.8
review: This game is so good that I forgot it didn't have multiplayer the game is so immersive!
game-hours: 928.2
review: Open world goodness
game-hours: 85.6
review: it's alright
game-hours: 164.5
review: 11/10 Like Fallout with swords! -IGN
game-hours: 95.7
review: Goodbye to my life
game-hours: 25.2
review: It well take you ALOT of time to finish this game, #wurfThePrice u gonna have fun playing it.
game-hours: 127.2
review: Epic.
game-hours: 14.6
review: really do love this game so much
game-hours: 76.7
review: Awesome game, even though already knowing the game, it made me experience lot of surprises and also good fights. Playing as mage, warrior or even an archer the fun is the same. I strongly recommend.
game-hours: 16.1
review: 10/10
game-hours: 209.4
review: Too many feminists, but otherwise okay. 7/10
game-hours: 138.7
review: Ambience, 4k texture pack mods, swearing mudcrabs and porn mods everywhere. Play on good pcs not  craptops.
game-hours: 188.0
review: Just buy this game.
game-hours: 13.0
review: Want to kill dragon ? skeleton ? hunter ? bandit ? troll ? or even giant mouse, you should by this game! There's plenty things to do there, oh wait the dragon is attacking the town, brb.
game-hours: 21.0
review: Chickens are decent. 6/66
game-hours: 1630.1
review: This is the best game cant wait until online comes out for xbox (i have skyrim for pc) I want online for xbox so I can play the game without paying a subscription fee every month
game-hours: 711.5
review: It's Skyrim; it's been rated 10/10 by the Pope any other reason not to buy it, i think not, buy it, then mod the  out of it, then buy the dlc's cos you need more to do and there are no friends around as it is lonely in the vatican and the choir boys are busy.
game-hours: 39.3
review: killing rpg with chracter custamation 10/10 must buy bethesda game!
game-hours: 106.4
review: Mods.
game-hours: 435.7
review: This game put smile on face :)
game-hours: 3257.2
review: The elder scrolls games have all been amazing chainging the game style off all RPGs but this game is by far the best Ive played. Skyrim is a game were you dont need to go were the game is leading you the game is more open so you can go anywere you want. As for me this game is my personal favorit so far. I hope all of you out there have or is thinking of getting this game and if you havent go BYE IT NOW!
game-hours: 137.1
review: Daar los kred kolos joriin wo dein lohiim ofaal vek ko kru voth ronaaz ahrk fod hin Hes Fuskah ofaal kuz nol hi vothni orlaavend. Zu'u hind hi ofaal ustiid tol, dahik lot kred saraan hi waan hi dreh, Dovahkiin, ko himdah do Keizaal! himdah kolos Dovah iidah, kolos suleykaar krizey saraan, ahrk hin mahtiid los komaan naal hi, faal Dovahkiin. Do you understand that? I hope so, because if not, a translation will appear below... This is a game where people who guard the towns get hit in the knee with arrows and when your Sweet Rolls get taken from you without permission. I hope you get past that, because a great game awaits you if you do, Dragonborn, in the land of Skyrim! A land where Dragons attack, where powerful opponents await, and your destiny is decided by you, the Dragonborn.
game-hours: 111.1
review: This game is a open world game and has lots of great context thru out this game if you never played it i think you have a problum, if you never heard of it then I cant say what i think of you. But ok this game has a nice game, Has a great story mode and if you want to venture out and do your own thing then you can do that, Has great graphs and your may want to hold back on some graphs because it's to high for some computers. Now this game has some bugs like you may not be able to pick up some wepons sometimes but thats ok, also you might come across dead bodys moving across the floor, but those things wont mess with your game play. Now this game comes with the SteamWorkshop, so if you want to get some cheats in like The Ring Of The Gods, then you just go to the SteamWorkshop (after you buy the game) and then you just subscribe to it, and it's in your game. But read the passage of the item you want in SteamWorkshop before playing the game because that is where it will tell you to find the wepon or item in Skyrim. But yeah this game is great and if you want a serous game with dragons and great gameplay, This is your game! :)
game-hours: 54.5
review: Do not kill the chicken... 10/10
game-hours: 3581.6
review: Well, I have over 2,000 hours into this game, and am still finding new things in it every time I play. It has a lot of content. Overall appearance: 9/10. Bethesda has hands down, the best landscapers in the business. Each generation of their franchise has always been the benchmark for this, and with good reason. The character models on the other hand, could still use some improvement. FaceGen, while innovated when it came out, still has the same bugs it was released with, and these bleed over into any game that uses the technology. Combat mechanics: 6/10. While utilitarian in nature, they mostly get the job done... mostly. While the game gives you that feel of combat with staggering, weapons bouncing off shields and the overall grittiness of it, there are many things left to be desired. Simple things like being able to hotkey a sword and shield, or two swords to a single key. This becomes extremely immersion breaking and annoying when you have to use a spell and then stop, open your inventory and select an item to re equip. There is no excuse for this, save sloppy programming. Quality Control: 2/10. Or... Bugs: 10/10. As usual, Bethesda fails to disappoint with the sheer number of bugs they provide their customers with. While their landscape artists are the best around, their programmers are the worst. One was even quoted as boasting about writing the longest shader script ever. That's like bragging about coming in last at the Special Olympics. So yeah, Bethesda once again outdoes every company in the industry with its award winning bugs. No, they will never be fixed. They never have been fixed, and most of them can be traced clear back to Morrowind. Yup... same bugs, cut and pasted from engine revision to engine revision. They attempted to fix an issue with the dragons with their first patch, which broke them even more. Their solution was to remove their fix and leave them alone. The only bug fixed was their water. It took several attempts, but they finally did get it right. Content: 8/10. There is a lot to do in a TES game. While some people play the main quest and call it good, others will attempt to find everything in the game world. It's worth it, even if most of the quests feel short and relatively unfinished with no full closure. Still, even now while running around, I will find NPCs I never encountered before who have something to do. And then there is the lore. You can spend countless hours reading the books in game, many of which are absolutely awesome. What makes TES games have such staying power is their modding communities. Without them, the games' longevities would be severely shortened. So grab the game. Play it through until you get bored, then hit up some of the modding sites and start perusing. There's something for everyone out there.
game-hours: 110.5
review: My story: I was walking aimlessly around Riften, then something caught my eye, a flash, I walked over to investigate. It was a spriggan! I drew my bow and sneaked stealthily around it, I picked an arrow from the quiver, readied it in the bow, pulled back the string... FIRE! The spriggan falls to the ground but doesn't die, I walk up to it with my sword to finish it off, but, in that moment, it gets back up again! I ready my fire spell and spew forth an inferno. Finally... It is vanquished! But, something wasn't right... I hear growling behind me I turn around and fire my bow but I miss! There was nothing to worry about anyway, it was my trusty dog Meeko and my noble steed Allie. I mount Allie with Meeko on my lap and set off for another, Skyrim Adventure 10/10 would kill spriggans again
game-hours: 112.6
review: Like skyrim with skyrim
game-hours: 199.4
review: AND THEEEEEERE IT IS FRIENDS. THE UGLY TRUTH. WE ARE THE CHILDREN OF MAN. TALOS IS THE TRUE GOD OF MAN.
game-hours: 1024.8
review: Did you know there is a real world outside Tamriel? Someone should totally make a mod about that. 100/10 havent felt the warm embrace of another human being for 6 months.
game-hours: 662.4
review: Mods
game-hours: 39.3
review: This is my 3rd copy of Skyrim, I've bought the original for the Playstation 3, then the Game of the Year edition for it. Now I've owned it for PC for a while and I LOVE THE MODDING COMMUNITY! It does take away from the game, knowing if you ever get in a harsh battle that you can just type TGM and go Charles Manson on everyone, but the upscaling of the graphics, updated textures (free dlc), and the insane amount of mods make this port a show stopper.
game-hours: 16.6
review: This game is addicting. I am picky and I love RPG games that have a midievil feel to them. What really gets me hooked it the ability to mod this. I can not only play the game, but I can build off of it for a truly custom experience to make it look and play how I want it to. It enables me to truly immerse myself in the game how I want to be immersed and enjoy the lore, storyline, and general gameplay. I'm not typically into one-player games, but this has to be my favorite now. The graphics are amazing, the lore is extensive, the gameplay (fighting, weapons, training, skills, skill tree) is easy enough to pick up but gets very complicated in higher levels which really makes you think about what you're doing. The mods are a pleasure, and with the Nexus Mod Manager, easy to implement and manage, even if you have to rebuild your Data install.
game-hours: 73.0
review: Fus ro dah!
game-hours: 197.2
review: The Elder Scrolls are back. I renamed them to "The Elder Addiction V" though. Why? Because it instantly draws into you it's world. Many things to do like Woodchopping, Cooking, Smithing and Alchemy. And of course fighting dragons. All that makes this game more than a hardcore hiking simulation. There are some smaller bugs, but I think Bethesda will wipe them out over the coming weeks. The only negative thing is the interface and inventory. Too consolized. I hope Bethesda will adress this in the future. But still: A must buy for every serious rpg fan.
game-hours: 61.0
review: Even after already playing the game to death on the Xbox 360, I've sunk a pile of hours into the game on PC without even trying. It's a masterstroke of western RPG game design. So much so that it's host of bugs and weirdness are seen as largely endearing by its players than the annoyance and frustration it would be in any other game. Still years later, Skyrim is worth playing and still compelling.
game-hours: 34.4
review: If this game isn't in your library, you should be ashamed of yourself.
game-hours: 41.3
review: very good RPG game
game-hours: 45.5
review: This is the best open-world game experience! I highly recommend it with all DLC's. I can see a huge difference between this PC version with the PS3 version! When i play it in the PC i feel it like a cinematic!
game-hours: 2.4
review: Fus ro DAH GREATEST
game-hours: 73.2
review: I played it like mad until completion, but never touched it again after the ending. It was tons of fun while it lasted.
game-hours: 844.4
review: This game is terrible, more like cave simulator, I rate 10/10 good cave simulator. Just be sure to mod in big round butts and whyfoo crafting mods for your 800 hour  fest untill the new Fallout is released.
game-hours: 66.6
review: ed Hella es. Killed Hella Dragons. And smoked Dragonborn FunTime weed. Being a horny Wood Elf named Vlad of the Crotch was an adventure and a half. 100/10 Would play again.
game-hours: 68.8
review: iz veri gudd gaim, ai laik, tumbz pp :3
game-hours: 147.0
review: its a very nice game even after you played the main line of the game there is still a lot to do and when you think your finally done NOPE we stll got a ton of dlc's and a workshop full of quests,cities and new tools!
game-hours: 189.0
review: this game is by far the best game ever you have to get this game you can mod it!!!
game-hours: 280.2
review: I HAVE A PROBLEM. ITS TO GOOD !!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 148.5
review: Do I recommend this? I think the question is why have you not purchased this yet. Buy it. Now.
game-hours: 149.4
review: Problems when moving to a new home that you just purchase and you have a lot of metal/ore that needs to be moved to your new home, and it weighs a ton or more that causes encumbrance in which made you can't run. No problem, just ride any horse. Because their thighs are strong enough to support the weight of a thousand elephants and can still sprint across the map. Best logic. 10/10 Best game ever.
game-hours: 123.2
review: Yes.
game-hours: 138.3
review: Honestly, one of the greatest games I have ever played. When the critics first said this was worth over a hundred hours of gameplay, they were not kidding. Over 120hrs and I'm still loving it. Theres just so much to do on Skyrim its crazy. I approve 15/10.
game-hours: 280.2
review: I HAVE A PROBLEM. ITS TO GOOD !!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 148.5
review: Do I recommend this? I think the question is why have you not purchased this yet. Buy it. Now.
game-hours: 149.4
review: Problems when moving to a new home that you just purchase and you have a lot of metal/ore that needs to be moved to your new home, and it weighs a ton or more that causes encumbrance in which made you can't run. No problem, just ride any horse. Because their thighs are strong enough to support the weight of a thousand elephants and can still sprint across the map. Best logic. 10/10 Best game ever.
game-hours: 123.2
review: Yes.
game-hours: 138.3
review: Honestly, one of the greatest games I have ever played. When the critics first said this was worth over a hundred hours of gameplay, they were not kidding. Over 120hrs and I'm still loving it. Theres just so much to do on Skyrim its crazy. I approve 15/10.
game-hours: 463.9
review: I Went to Riverwood, suddenly a tomato flies out of no where, I pick up the mysterious tomato then every one tries to kill me, I escape riverwood just to find that Alvor's little daughter sends mercenaries after me for stealing the mysterious tomato....I die...... Would pick up tomato again 11/10
game-hours: 27.6
review: kill a chicken.. people hunts you down.. 10/10
game-hours: 67.8
review: Next time that Nazeem decides to make a snide comment do this: press the console key (default ~) click on that  type "setscale .8" ROFL 11/10
game-hours: 486.3
review: Pretty fun. Even more fun with lots of mods. Turn dragons into Macho Man Randy Savange and give mudcrabs top hats & monocles
game-hours: 10.9
review: Good but................ It Does Not Let Me Play It Which mean ITS CRAP it opens then shuts all the time so ;[
game-hours: 167.6
review: This game sure makes time blow more than a hooker
game-hours: 434.8
review: Best game ever made. Period.
game-hours: 97.2
review: <3
game-hours: 216.6
review: I like call of duty 8 cuz the snow map haz dragonz in it
game-hours: 57.5
review: >Corner in the road >Turns corner >Combat music starts to play >Turns around to see a bear and a spider, as large as the bear, right behind me >Gets one-shotted >10/10 would re-approve of bear/spider alliances
game-hours: 171.3
review: Skyrim is by far my favourite game of all time, tons of hours and more is to be had playing this. I recommend Skyrim to anyone who likes a great open world RPG with strong lore, or anyone to be exact!
game-hours: 146.0
review: Oblivion with Swords.
game-hours: 539.0
review: It's a great game, but some things to note about mods. 1: Don't get your mods from the workshop, just get the nexus mod manager, and download mods from the nexus. 2: If your getting over 80 FPS, Install a texture mod, and an ENB, If it's too much too handle, replace the ENB with a lighting mod. 3: on the topic of lighting, don't get the realistic lighting overhaul, it is an incredibly poorly optimized mod, get ELFX. 4: DON'T FAST TRAVEL! It seems like a pain in the , but it's worth it. 5: avoid mods with a lot of scripts, look up a mod before you use it. 6: avoid changing what mods you use, it causes problems, especially if you ignored tip number 5 when installing it Now your ready to mod the game, and you know more than most idiots who mod already!
game-hours: 264.4
review: My pc couldn't handle 130 mods. IGN: 35/6 like fallout with swords
game-hours: 15.0
review: Good RpG
game-hours: 21.2
review: yeah buy this game billy mays approves!
game-hours: 844.4
review: This game is terrible, more like cave simulator, I rate 10/10 good cave simulator. Just be sure to mod in big round butts and whyfoo crafting mods for your 800 hour  fest untill the new Fallout is released.
game-hours: 66.5
review: 10/10 like far cry 3 without guns
game-hours: 89.5
review: <3
game-hours: 620.8
review: My favriot game of all time: you can make a character who you want to be also there's are loads of mods and quests to do
game-hours: 45.2
review: brabringa 1.2/10
game-hours: 235.8
review: i love skyrim its da best game eva
game-hours: 190.9
review: yeah great game, keep you busy for hours
game-hours: 88.6
review: ITS AMAZING POSSIBLY THE BEST RPG THAT IVE EVER PLAYED
game-hours: 257.9
review: I love this game <3
game-hours: 91.0
review: This game is very beutiful, and whom ever has a negative view of the game should be publicly executed. Now for the review..... Skyrim brings with it one of the "juiciest" story to date and the game came out in 2011. The games now are some-what incomplete with not a "juicy" enough story and it is sad, and it's habbit that many developers are developing (The pun was sexy, I know), producing a "incomplete" game, selling bits of it to you in expansions (*COUGH* Destiny *COUGH*) But, this game, this game right here, has an amazing story; that is complete that there are honestly no needs for expansions. But however, if you are forturnate enough to get this marvelous game with the expansions you have suceeded. You will not be let down, especially with the Dragonborn DLC. This game is an absolutely masterpiece. Also the mods... Do not get me started.... 12/10 IGN, it was alright, would do again.
game-hours: 263.8
review: 11/10
game-hours: 95.9
review: Started out as a prioner With no money about to be decapitated. Proceeds to play many hours levelling my character and slaying dragons. Gets caught stealing a sweet role. Is now a Prisoner with no money. Improvement from the start of the game as head is not being removed. turns head to clock and realises should have been in school 2 weeks ago. proceeds to play another 10 hours. 10/10 would waste life again. Bury me with my Alduin Statue.
game-hours: 600.2
review: To me playing Skyrim feels like Masterbating. It feels great and i can't wait to do it again.
game-hours: 60.2
review: Get me some of that Dragon Triceps! 9/10
game-hours: 7.2
review: Best game I have played in years, 11/10
game-hours: 259.9
review: One of the biggest, most in depth games i've ever played. Deep backgroud lore, stunning visuals, capturing story. This game has it all. After 700 hours play time on my console, I was happy to purchase this game all over again for my beloved PC, and let me tell you I am BEYOND happy that I did. The amount of mods for this game is staggering, and after doing a complete visual overhaul, I fell in love with this game all over again. The amount of lore friendly created content (which at first assumed would take away from the amazing experience that is TESV) is incredible. Just when you thought the game couldn't get any better... Here goes another 700 hours of my life.
game-hours: 31.6
review: 1 word: AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 145.9
review: 10/10 BEST RPG
game-hours: 80.7
review: I think this game is just so awesome because of the time you can put into it, and the awesome it radiates.
game-hours: 251.4
review: It is a good game. But you better think before doing a character, because doing more characters and playing all over again is just way too boring. Anyway, the game is pretty good, but without a good PC graphics will not be as beautiful as the game. I rate 8/10. Thanks, and have fun! ~Gabe Newell
game-hours: 43.9
review: Mod the game until it breaks
game-hours: 132.2
review: You're no PC gamer if you don't play Skyrim, Oblivion and Morrowind while modding the hell outta the three of em. Even then, the vanilla Skyrim experience is brilliant on its own if you're not into that kinda thing and the DLCs especially Dragonborn make for a superior RPG experience, even though Skyrim is still hard-pressed to match the heights Morrowind does with the Elder Scrolls community.
game-hours: 9.7
review: wtf
game-hours: 977.7
review: get this game ITS EPIC and plus it has a really good modding community! ^^
game-hours: 232.9
review: This game is suitable for 13+. There is no sexual content unless you download 18+mods other then that theres just marriage and child adoption. It is quite violent but is suitable for a 13 mature. Not much alchole. Other then that its a awesome game. I have spent 52hours on record in the past 2 weeks. The thing that sucks is that you have to pay for dlc. I just wait till there is a sale then buy it. I have to give this game a 8.5/10.
game-hours: 453.0
review: The most incredible RPG in 2011 and one of the greatest games ever, Skyrim is rly a must buy/play.
game-hours: 63.0
review: It's good
game-hours: 209.7
review: Alright, the game has been out for a while now. The mods are great but the game has little to no replay value. The community is great i love it. I have played this game on every console. PC the game runs great, Xbox suffers from long load times that will make you pick up your phone. While the PS3 happens to have many game breaking bugs that stop the main quests. Overall the game is pretty great. I highly reccomend it. I give it a 7/10 only for it's bugs that take a toll on the gameplay.
game-hours: 53.8
review: fun
game-hours: 270.7
review: I remember days like this when my father took me to the forest and we ate wild blueberries. More than 20 years ago. I was just a boy of four or five. The leaves were so dark and green then. The grass smelled sweet with the spring wind
game-hours: 158.3
review: Yes please. Get this on sale with the DLC. Be sure to check out all the workshop items too.
game-hours: 756.8
review: After spending over 700 hours of my life in this game, I feel I can finally say that i've sold my soul to Bethesda, once again. This was the first Elder Scrolls game I've ever played, it my not be my favorite, but it's the one i've played the most and I still have a lot of good things to say about it. There are well over 200 quests to do and the content doesn't even stop there. Pros: -Huge game world -Mods -Detailed dungeons -good game mechanics and skill-trees -good storylines -Likeable and hateable npcs -Great voice acting -Great main questline conclusion -Great DLCs Cons: -Questlines were too short -Minor glitchs (Though I never experienced any game breaking bugs) -Main boss was too easy -You'll neglect your real life family/needs -The npc ai -The handholding My suggestion when playing? Mod it until it crashes, fix it, then mod it again. I would recommend this game to a friend. 8.6/10
game-hours: 43.7
review: while this version of skyrim i only play around with the mods, on xbox ive played for 2 straight weeks and i can say it is overrated especially when you have cod playing casual skrubs who arent even in faze talk about it for hours and yet they dont know what the other games are. i still say this is one of the best done videogames ive played from the great rpg open world elements to the fighting mechanics, i can understand why its overrated
game-hours: 1772.0
review: once you experience this game, others seem not so "you know what i mean" anymore. you wont get the same feeling in others. believe me.
game-hours: 142.5
review: 10/10 would play again
game-hours: 98.7
review: Amazing graphics. Worthwhile level progression. Fun voice acting. Addicting storyline. A must for those who haven't already!
game-hours: 90.0
review: I have 350 hours in morrowind, 150 in Oblivion, 75 or so in Daggerfall (which I am old enough to have played first as a 17 year old. I played Morrowind modded to hell so long I forgot what vanilla looked like. The story, concept art, silt striders. DLC let us off some gods. Dark elves were awesome..unlike the non dunmer in daggerfall (didn't find andyfall till much later). By the time oblivion came out i couldnt afford a rig so XBOX it was.. I liked oblivion, put in some time and did all the dlc..1000 achievments on xbl. Then Skyrim... Put in close to 150 hours. Thought I loved it. Then realized I was choring my way thru the dlc. The drab gray EVERYTHING on muddy textures..that pop left and right, was depressing me. The game was huge. I havent even touched all the small stuff.. Fast traveled everywhere and leveled stamina and sprinted thru every dungeon with a warrior hacking on easy. Then I built a rig. Just got this 3 days ago and already hit 24 hours. Playing a rogue thief. Running 35 or so graphics mods. WOW. Bethesda should be ashamed...or SHOULD THEY?? I dont have bash, nmm, or any manager. I subscribed to mods thru steam. Didnt touch the load order. Runs almost perfect. (if I alt tab it sometimes crashes a bit later on loading screen exit) Skyrim in color made a huge diff. Now it is alive with sights and sounds. I horse ride everywhere (faster vanilla horses mod). sneak thru dungeons admiring the added skill needed with the lighting overhauls. If you cant see use a torch or magelight.. PC is the way to game. My laptop is under 1500 and runs most everything on max at decent fps. Thru big pic with 360 pad on the 60 is great. Now that skyrim wasn't adding to my winter blues with more winter blues any longer I can enjoy this game for what it is. A commercially made artistic tour de force with unlimited gameplay due to the fact that BETHESDA REALIZES that mod support is essential, as it will always happen. It allows them to add bredth to the game and stay in budget. How many beautiful looking games max out at 25 hours gameplay? They make the best games look pretty good and allow the free help to perfect them. The symbiosis has been essential ever since Abdrew Polis decided that Barenziah wasn't dunmer enough and guards should ride horses up stairways in shacks...
game-hours: 67.1
review: OMG, THIS IS LIKE LITERALY MY FAVOURITE GAME, I HAVE OVER 1000 HOURS ON MY XBOX, THEN I GOT A GOOD COMPUTER AND IT'S ALL I'M PLAYING NOW, MY FAVOURITE PART IS WHEN I WALK OUTSIDE OF A CITY AND CRASH, OR WHEN I ENTER A CAVE AND CRASH, THE BEST THING IS WHEN I TALK TO AN NPC AND CRASH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 10/10 gonna play again
game-hours: 316.5
review: This game is amazing. Most likely the BEST game I have ever played. I recomend this to any gamer.
game-hours: 22.9
review: Its like Skyrim but it is Skyrim.
game-hours: 70.1
review: Great game with good graphics and gameplay, "11/10 Gabe newell"
game-hours: 491.7
review: Best Game Ever // 15/10 Absolutely enjoying this game , Always playing this game in First two weeks . This is my review : Got this game with all the DLCs (Legendary Edition) Skyrim is the best RPG Open World game , There is a lot of quest inside the game , sometime i ask to myself , can i complete all the quest in skyrim ? yeah , sure i can , But it's Take a long time to do it . You can do everything in skyrim , but not making a baby okay . > You can be a Warrior > You can be a thief > You can be a mage > You can be a Vampire but you need dlc for this > You can be a werewolf > You can buy plot of land and build your own House , But of course you need dlc for this > You can adopt a child < Dlc > You can ride a Dragon too < Dlc > and you can marry NPC ( what i know , it's no need dlc , but i never try it before) There is more you can do in skyrim , but i don't know everything haha XD For me , it's hard to find some gold in this game , yeah maybe you could just open command console and type " Player.additem f xxxx , but no , i don't playing this game using command or any cheats , i ussualy Hunting or Selling weapon , armor and the other stuff that i never use , 161 hours play , Legendary Difficulty never use any Command or Cheats . Just try to play this game without using any cheats or Command. Okay let's sing! Our hero, our hero, claims a warriors heart. I tell you, I tell you, the dragonborn comes. With a voice wielding power of the ancient nord art, Believe, believe, the Dragonborn comes. It's an end to the evil, of all Skyrim's foes. Beware, beware, the Dragonborn comes. For the darkness has passed, and the legend yet grows, You'll know, you'll know the Dragonborn's come. Dovahkiin, dovahkiin naal ok zin los vahriin wah dein vokul mahfaeraak ahst vaal! ahrk fin norok paal graan fod nust hon zindro zaan dovahkiin, fah hin kogaan mu draal!
game-hours: 111.5
review: The mods are so great uThis beats consol
game-hours: 95.3
review: Its like skyrim if skyrim was like skyrim
game-hours: 31.9
review: Mediocre story and unengaging combat with big but bland world without any depth or impact on your actions are things that keep me from playing this game, HOWEVER there are thousands of mods out there that can make Skyrim closer to the game you want it to be!
game-hours: 58.8
review: awesome
game-hours: 17.1
review: One of my favorite game. Amazing graphics. Amazing gameplay. Amazing amaze.
game-hours: 271.0
review: u go around yelling at ppl and your supposed to be the hero everyone expects... best gaem 10/10 -IGN Would shout again.
game-hours: 1024.8
review: Did you know there is a real world outside Tamriel? Someone should totally make a mod about that. 100/10 havent felt the warm embrace of another human being for 6 months.
game-hours: 662.4
review: Mods
game-hours: 98.6
review: O. MAIE. GAUD. If TES: Oblivion got upgraded with the latest in PC graphics drivers and increased the things you can do in said game by infinity, THIS WOULD BE THE EXACT RESULT! BUY IT NOW! (if ya have the cash, its over 30.00 dollars WITHOUT the dlc for crying out loud, BUT WORTH EVERY, FREAKING, PENNY.)
game-hours: 144.7
review: How much for the ing bear?
game-hours: 57.7
review: In the land of SKYYRIIMMMMM such a catchy song uugh Owh hey Didn't see ya there Oh you came to hear my review of skyrim In that case hold your horses Skyrim is a good RPG It's amazing With some good Mods and the graphics DLC skyrim looks absolutely fabulous If you're wondering why i haven't played much it's because i played a ton on Xbox 360 and when i finally upgraded my pc i Bought it on Pc version to enjoy the graphics and play whit mods I strongly recommend this game, 10/10 imperials would try to kill me again
game-hours: 46.7
review: Greatest game ever.
game-hours: 57.6
review: If you have this game on a console and you like it. Its 100 times better on pc. Buy it. 10/10
game-hours: 353.6
review: Best mountain climbing simulator on the market. Mountain climbing has never felt so real and accessable. The hiking portions are out of this world! Can't wait for the next installment. 10/10
game-hours: 828.1
review: If you want an excellent game to fill your time, then look somewhere else. THIS GAME DOES MORE THAN THAT! This was one of my first RPG style games, I have to say, this game has inseminated an idea into my mind that RPG's are the best. Not only is the base-game outstanding, but you're playing on a PC. Ya' know what that means, right? You can mod this sh*t up! Most games on my hard drive are relatively used for a diminutive amount of time before they're uninstalled, but this game.....This game was the first game I installed on to my SSD, for speed, obviously. I have to warn you though, this game will have a portentous impact on your life, so be careful.
game-hours: 227.3
review: The game is just awesome. Even when you play a character for like 100 to 200 hours you can create a new one and make so many things diffrent: You can decide for another faction, fight completly diffrent or just make diffrent decisions on smaller quest. And there is so much more! Expect enough quests, achivements and goals which you can also set for yourself such as creating powerful armor sets or building your own house by finding and collecting everything by yourself (Hearthfire!). Totally worth it!
game-hours: 245.0
review: one of the best games ive played on steam.
game-hours: 2.0
review: Bestest sandbuggy game out there
game-hours: 137.4
review: I used to be an adventurer like you....
game-hours: 317.5
review: I have always been a fan of the elder scrolls ever since morrowind back in 2002 and in my opinion this is a great sequel. Skyrim is the most stunning game to look at in the elder scrolls seris however some graphical gltiches occur. Skyrim has also the best modding community so far as after more than 3 years mod delvepors either in the nexus or the workshop are still cranking out great mods to help enchance the game. In the end you must play this game if you are looking for a great rpg experince or just a great game.
game-hours: 80.9
review: Love this game! Had it on Xbox 360 for the longest time and now I join the no disc PC master race!
game-hours: 60.0
review: i killed a chicken, then the whole village attacked me 10/10 The real review : I am a Thane of 9 Holds, an Arch-Mage, a Guild Master, a Listener, a Harbringer, a Champion of Daedric Princes, The Vanquisher, The Dragonborn, etc. I own Auriel's Bow, 15 Daedric artifacts, Staff of Magnus, Wuuthrad, and 3 Elder Scrolls, etc. Also, I have slain The World-Eater, The First Dragonborn, The most powerful vampire in Tamriel, The Arch-Curate of Auri-El, The Emperor, The Guild Master, etc. I also took an arrow in the knee But...those orcs...those ing orcs...they call me a milk-drinker. 11/10 would drink some milk again + so much quest (like over 300++) + You can kill a dragon with your Thu'um (voice) + Amazing music and sound effect + Amazing terrain and environment + Awesome lore + Awesome story + Giant Lizards with wing + Curved swords. CURVED. SWORDS. + MODS! + ADULT MODS ! + FUS RO DAH + Sweet Rolls + Cloud District + Talos + Gravity defying horse + Backward flying dragon + SHEOGORATH ! + Cheese + Nords + Dragon Language + Arrow in the knee + DARK BROTHERHOOD ! + Customizable character + Houses ! + WALKING MANNEQUINS ! - If you don't get to cloud district very often, then you sux - Humanoid Cat - Humanoid Lizard - Ulfric Stormcock Never trust my play hours. I played this game more than 250 hours, but in offline mode (because  my pc) 11/10 would get to cloud district again Best game i've ever played (no joke)
game-hours: 35.4
review: I definatly recomend this game. I have been playing this since i bought it, and it been one of my favorite games for a long time. I beat it 5 times on Xbox 360, but yet, the dlc's where such a good way to keep the game interesting. I still play this game to this day. It is one of the best RPG's i have ever played and if you dont own this game of have never played it, BUY IT NOW!
game-hours: 29.1
review: It's so addicting and fun with all the mods you can add!!!
game-hours: 87.1
review: -Combat sucks. -Story sucks. -Characters suck. -Exploration is pretty awesome. One of my favourite games.
game-hours: 1.3
review: I must say this is an epic game. It can make you stick with it for days. That's why I only played for only an hour: I don't have enough time to stick with it. And remember, mod is an imporyant part of this game. I multiplies the enjoyment. Also btw, never kill anychicken in the village - unless you are strong enough to kill anyone in the village.
game-hours: 386.1
review: Best game of all time. i rate 8/8
game-hours: 88.3
review: Skyrim is critically acclaimed by many and put down by others, I am torn between these opinions and take a stand in the middle. This game obviously has a lot of work put in, the world is huge, terrain is fairly varied and the list of quests and side-missions is endless, but is it a good game? There are lots of areas where it does not satisfy, visually it is nothing special, many of the quests are just plain boring, dialogue is unnatural and the voice acting is pretty bad. The combat is clunky, stealth is poorly implemented and enemies are stupid. In general it feels rushed and shoddily-made. But there is something about going out and adventuring, finding loot, using spells, taking on dragons and engaging in hand-to-hand or long range combat that is fun and exciting. Now I know from past experience that enjoying Skyrim can be difficult. On my first character I didn't really focus on any particular skill tree and I used a mix of spells, one handed weapons and stealth, I quickly became bored of this because I didn't feel any sense of progression and I wasn't especially good at anything, just an all-rounder. After this save I would have told you that Skyrim was terrible. But more recently I have made a wood elf, focused on archery and sneaking and I'm having a lot of fun. I even find myself using fur armour when I have superior elven armour just because I prefer looking like a hunter than a gaudy warrior. This level of customization and personalisation is something you need to work out for yourself to get the most out of Skyrim but after this you won't be able to help but love it, despite its many flaws and bugs, it's just plain fun. In conclusion, I wouldn't argue that Skyrim was an especially good game, but what it doesn't deliver on quality and story it more than makes up for in entertainment value.
game-hours: 161.6
review: BEST GAME EVER
game-hours: 72.5
review: Like Fallout without guns 10/10 -IGN
game-hours: 8.8
review: cool
game-hours: 12.6
review: My only question is, why WOULDNT you want to play this game? It has exploring, dragons, assassins, knights, thieves, skooma, and MORE! Get this game now!
game-hours: 116.3
review: If this game was an RPG, then it would be a... oh wait
game-hours: 59.4
review: Fantastic, Anyone who likes killing dragons to badass music with badass wepons and armour and shouting people apart. This is the game for you! :3 FUS RO DAH!!!!
game-hours: 37.4
review: It's an Elder Scrolls game, what else do I need to say.
game-hours: 82.5
review: Very good RPG
game-hours: 139.0
review: Mods. Yep, mods.
game-hours: 38.5
review: 10/10 - Was killing huge spiders, got bored and went for a beer. Still have no idea why i was killing the spiders.
game-hours: 16.1
review: Only in this game could you become semi-hard just looking at the grass.
game-hours: 282.0
review: best pornographic game i ever played
game-hours: 143.0
review: S'good
game-hours: 73.0
review: Dude its Skyrim. Of course you'll love it. Unless you're weird and don't like dragons. You like dragons right?
game-hours: 95.8
review: Really fun, and if you get bored there are endless mods to pick from!
game-hours: 8.9
review: The game is amazing, fun and addictive. Could have been better if there wasn't spiders in the begining because of how popular aracnophobia is these days. I literally had to squint my eyes to finish the first part.
game-hours: 3792.7
review: This game looks so real everything moves real like the only problem i am having is riding my mounts long distantses it likes to freeeeze up. Other than that it does just fine.
game-hours: 49.9
review: I can't wait for The Elder Scrolls V Skyrim 2
game-hours: 54.8
review: If I were IGN, I'd say something like - Too much frozen water, aka snow: 7.8/9.1 But I'm not. But seriously, you have at your disposal: snow, ice and a bonus: frozen tundra. One of the best games out there (still).
game-hours: 103.4
review: An amazing game!!! You can do everything!!!! but you can't kill children so... 9.9/10
game-hours: 105.8
review: Amazing game. Tons of mod support. Totally worth it.
game-hours: 465.4
review: GET IT NOW
game-hours: 28.2
review: 5 Star 9.7 / 10
game-hours: 49.3
review: im still new to this game and i cant stop playin it so much fun alot of things that u can do :D u also dont need a beastly pc to run it my PC specs are gtx 760 and an i5 i play on ultra and full reso i get 100/60+ fps !!!
game-hours: 267.8
review: it's ok
game-hours: 357.7
review: This game may be a old, but it still does not stop amazing me. The story line is epic and when you finish the main ones there are still a dozen plus more that you can enjoy. If this is the only way that I can Thank you Elder Scrolls. -Cameron-
game-hours: 98.9
review: Best game on PC That i own i have atleast 300 hrs on this but thats over everything i had it on
game-hours: 591.9
review: i love this game
game-hours: 18.0
review: i like it
game-hours: 18.0
review: i like it
game-hours: 101.1
review: I tried jumping and I accidently stole some cheese. Needless to say, I forgot I was a vampire and the store owner is beating me with his fists.
game-hours: 60.4
review: Stole a plate and got killed Next time I misclicked, still got killed 14/12 Would listen to Darude Sandstorm again!
game-hours: 118.9
review: So after installing the sexmods I went and started my life as a Redguard  who also enjoyed animal . Game of the year 10/10
game-hours: 45.2
review: You know, my friends joked about this being a game where you rim the sky, but there probably is a mod for it out there... Somewhere.
game-hours: 77.7
review: 12/10 would bang
game-hours: 137.0
review: so awesome
game-hours: 252.3
review: Fun for a while, then it gets really boring. Kinda wish I had Morrowind or Oblivion instead. Now I'm just playing it to see if I can get to level 100. Regardless, it looks beautiful and plays like a dream. I give it 9 ranting priests in Whiterun out of 10.
game-hours: 304.1
review: Best series ever! even better with mods. i highly recommend this game with all the DLC's
game-hours: 41.7
review: FEZ has a better Story. 11/10
game-hours: 128.2
review: Es ist sau geil!!! ich wrde dafr sogar 40 zahlen!!!
game-hours: 313.0
review: No Steam library is complete with out Skyrim.
game-hours: 281.6
review: First Pc game, i got, best pc game i have got, although i wish i had got it from amazon uk as they had the elder scrolls box set all 5 games, all dlc and all for 25. 3,4 and 5 all are steam games on disk. i go the legendry edition of here and only looked back because of the box set. its like a 2nd life. where u can kill peopple by shouting, get killed by a pot and become a master criminal by killing a chicken.... and thats with out the mods! A MUST GET FOR ANY ONE>
game-hours: 90.8
review: Wow i was so taken in by this game that i forgot to recommend it . I guess it aint needed with all these reviews and 'Game of the Year' awards it has won ... What is more to say ? Amazing graphics , gameplay . Pretty much everything.
game-hours: 491.7
review: 100 ...
game-hours: 40.3
review: Great Game. Definetely reccomended.
game-hours: 71.0
review: 15/10 Pickpocketed an oblivious bandit. Teabaged a dragon. Killed my follower for almost killing me with chain lightening. Paralyzed a local blacksmith. Contracted STD's from vampires. .............and killed by a mudcrab.
game-hours: 18.0
review: It's like Skyrim with guns.
game-hours: 154.8
review: Amazing game
game-hours: 297.5
review: Things about Skyrim: -basically medieval GTA with magic -best nude mod simulator -seriously you don't need porn anymore just mod skyrim -fap fap fap fap fap
game-hours: 232.6
review: I LIKE THIS. I got it last summer during the sale, but just before my sister got it for $9.99 and literally a minute after, a flash sale happened for $4.99 and she was all like DONTGETITNOW! and I was all like no.
game-hours: 88.1
review: i finally got it yay
game-hours: 93.5
review: :3 80087e5
game-hours: 102.9
review: BEST GAME EVER! Especially if you like RPG's.
game-hours: 14.4
review: The best game on the planet.
game-hours: 28.7
review: One of the best games i have ever played. Fun and addicting, open - worlded experience.
game-hours: 53.9
review: Despite being over 3 years old now, I still find myself coming back to Skyrim even after my longest breaks from it. I originally played it on a PS3, and I completed a good portion of what the game has to offer (Main questline, all side quests, tons of miscellaneous ones as well) and it quickly went on my list of having been one of the best games I have ever played. In fact, having enjoyed it so much, I scavenged enough money to buy the Legendary edition of Skyrim on Steam while it was on sale. I knew I wouldn't get a chance like it until next year's Summer Sale, so I quickly seized the opportunity. The vast amount of content included in this game is essentially unmatched by any game to this date, and even though it is only a "single player" game, it is so immersive that you feel like YOU are actually the warrior delving into a deep dungeon, or the thief in pursuit of his/her next victim to rob. The best part of it is, even when you have finally come close to "finishing" Skyrim by completing the DLC quests and stock quests, there are mods that enhance the game experience to a whole new level making it nearly never ending. The modding community in this title is still going strong from what I am aware of, and some mods can entail hours upon hours of new gameplay. If you have not yet tried Skyrim, I would HIGHLY recommend it. If you are unsure about purchasing it due to fears of no replay value after completing the storyline, fear not. It is an excellent game, arguably one of the best of the generation; capable of giving you several hundred hours of gameplay. Hopefully this will aid in someone's decision to purchase the game, and if so, I wish you luck.
game-hours: 2.3
review: 8/10
game-hours: 202.7
review: The mother of all open world games. Even after you complete all the quests there's Workshop with a constant flow of new stuff.
game-hours: 22.1
review: its ok i guess
game-hours: 505.3
review: The only game where I can save the world and get arrested for picking a flower.
game-hours: 3.9
review: I don't own the game but i can write a review. 10/10
game-hours: 87.7
review: Best game of 2011, One of the best games of ALL time.
game-hours: 39.4
review: Giant rat ran up to me. Giant rat bit me. Crushed giant rat to death. Felt bad. Exited game. Closed Steam. Shutdown computer. Cried. 10/10 would go on emotional rollercoaster ride with giant rat again
game-hours: 154.9
review: It is not often I get lost in a game like I did with Skyrim. Everything about this game screams quality and adventure. While Bethesda hasn't exactly got a track record for delivering bug-free games at launch, this has been a pleasant, polished and amazing experience so far. A much improved third-person view, amazing music, a living breathing world, a menu-system that's amazing and a game filled with interesting stuff to do. Truly a masterpiece.
game-hours: 1605.2
review: Meh.
game-hours: 46.1
review: I killed a chicken once, ONCE.
game-hours: 69.0
review: 11/10 my favorite game ever!
game-hours: 43.6
review: Played roughly 1,200 hours on xbox have all achievements and DLC but after 1 year of not playing Ihad to buy it on PC just to play again
game-hours: 79.3
review: My prelimenary opinion would be that this game is even more awesome than the ones that came before. I was a big gamer when it came to Oblivion and I do miss some of the pleasant features of that game in the Skyrim gameplay. Luckely, in my opinion, the conversationwheel was parted with. A big plus for Skyrim is the smithing-feature as are the dragons obviously and the Medieval, Scandinavian, mythological feeling in-game. Regarding to the use of magic, I think it was a great move on the part of the developpers to go with these 'shouts'...very well done. Each factions, race, etc. is now even more diverse than in previous games. A big point of critique is that Bethesda still has a lot men and women in the game talking in the same voice (but of course it is obvious as to why that is so). The vanilla world map could use some improvement, if you are against using mods for this. As a big fan over the series, I think a 9 out of 10 (with Oblivion being 8,5 and Morrowind a 7) is an appropriate mark for The Elder Scrolls V Skyrim.
game-hours: 169.7
review: Skyrim is a great game........A really great game......
game-hours: 166.9
review: 10/10, would dragonborn again.
game-hours: 123.0
review: Baby's first RPG.
game-hours: 199.8
review: The best RPG game ever created. I wish there was more DLCs.
game-hours: 43.0
review: Epic!
game-hours: 163.0
review: One of those games that silently creeps behind you, and before you even know it, you've been caught and will never be able to escape from it. TES V: Skyrim is the game I've played the most, and even after all this time I return to it's cold, lonely fjords.
game-hours: 10.9
review: Its like Skyrim... but it is!
game-hours: 54.8
review: game. of. the. decade. Favorite game. 100+ quests. Amazing gameplay. good graphics (ultra high, mods) story of a decade. (except for the 40 minute cutscene). Legendary customizability. Mods of awesomeness. DLC? Stellar. 111/100.
game-hours: 44.4
review: Skyrim is truly a must own game, one that goes down as one of the best of all time. I'm sure though that you probably know this already, and are looking to buy it on your own, and if you don't already own this game, you really should. Welcome to Skyrim, a world were nord fantasy and dragons aboad. Here, magic wizards and sorcerers live, only to be lost in defeat to the returned dragons. Now, all that is the armys of Skyrim, waging war on both eachother and the dragons that have come. You, a prisoner in the crossfire of these wars, is destined to defeat the dragons and restore the Skyrim world. Though in Skyrim, you may choose another path. Like most open world games, your options aren't limited to one path. You can choose from the evil of the world, or the conquering of the world. Here, you can wander steep slopes, vast tundra, large bodies of water, and even slay dragons. All the while, you collect several items and other incredible peripherals known as "shouts". The more you play, the more you just get pulled in. Not to mention the modding community for the game is beyond massive, and the people who do make these mods create THOUSANDS of extra hours of content, and that is trimming it down to just a slim portion. Simply put, Skyrim is one off the best games ever made, EVER. A must own for any gamer, and for the price, it would be a sin not to buy.
game-hours: 82.7
review: The Real RPG of 2011 you will addict it for sure!!!! FUS RO DAH!!!
game-hours: 185.4
review: hay hay buy it buy it now go buy it
game-hours: 186.8
review: This game is rather amazing. Best with DLC. As a scalie it saddens me to kill the drags but it's got to be done :c (except alduin, he's a )
game-hours: 42.7
review: Stop reading this and buy the game.
game-hours: 11667.7
review: YOU PLAY IT FOR YEARS .ITS A TREASURE.&ALL THE MODS ! YOU WILL COME BACK TO IT OVER & OVER,
game-hours: 30.0
review: All the characters are ugly as
game-hours: 206.7
review: best game ever !!!!!!
game-hours: 967.1
review: This game is so immersive, you forget to eat, sleep and make friends.... because you're busy eating, sleeping and making friends. Let's be honest here:
game-hours: 49.8
review: it gud
game-hours: 126.6
review: 10/10 can mod ducks into the game
game-hours: 74.2
review: Got lost,again,for the fourth time,in only one region.Welp,8 more regions.
game-hours: 55.7
review: Completely incompareable to any other RPG game out there. I've never played a finer game in a finer series of games. The amount of time you could spend doing anything is endless. In an open free, vast world, there's plenty of room to do whatever you want, and that's just the regular game! The mod community for Skyrim is unlike any I have other seen, and that just sweetens the experience on top of the already-outstanding official DLC that goes with it. It really did live up to it's potential in the Elder Scrolls series, and even exceeded it. After playing Morrowind and Oblivion, I can say that I have nothing to be upset with. As a former player of Morrowind and Oblivion, I have only just recently gotten Skyrim for PC, and It still doesn't get old. My advice would be that if able, try out a bit of Morrowind, and Oblivion so you can get your taste set in on the Elder Scrolls, or if you want, you can just jump right into Skyrim. The Graphics: 10/10 The Storyline: 10/10 The Choices: 10/10 Recommendation: BUY THIS GAME (NOW)
game-hours: 27.8
review: fus roh da with the dopest mods i smoked dank weed in the freezing cold while an elephant was attacking a vilage 1000/10
game-hours: 50.0
review: ace'd it on xbox 360. All Achievements, all DLC, Everything complete.Got into PC so i could mod it. 10/10 Time well spent.
game-hours: 139.9
review: Fick!
game-hours: 143.2
review: the modding is so insane that you end up spending most of your time modding instead of playing the game. 10/10 would mod again
game-hours: 25.9
review: 2011 game... still better than most games released in 2015.... 1000/10 - IGN
game-hours: 46.8
review: I highly recommend this game for all RPG enthusaists and gamers wanting a "noob-friendly" game. :)
game-hours: 0.5
review: While not as fun as Morrowind or Oblivion, it is worth playing.
game-hours: 152.7
review: This game is literally life, you need this game. You can make naked girls C: (or guys if you're into that stuff i'm not judgeing C:)
game-hours: 253.3
review: You ought to love this game and its beautiful graphics. The story is complex and interesting. The journey pulls you into this gorgeous world of dragons and mythical creatures. Moreover, the landscape is simply breathtaking!!
game-hours: 253.3
review: You ought to love this game and its beautiful graphics. The story is complex and interesting. The journey pulls you into this gorgeous world of dragons and mythical creatures. Moreover, the landscape is simply breathtaking!!
game-hours: 365.2
review: I shot a guy in the face with an arrow he said that it must have been the wind 10/10
game-hours: 337.0
review: I spent countless hours in tamriel, bethesda made a great game, even though it was not near perfect, the modding community made skyrim into one of the best rpgs in recent years, if somethings is not like you want it? mod it. if there is something that can't be modded in skyrim, try another bethesda game, someone even managed to mod fallout: NV to have working cars! without mods: 7.6 with mods: 9.1
game-hours: 124.4
review: God what have I done. I killed a small armenian child with a shovel today. Then when his parents tried come at me I gutted them with a spoon and now I have an Ethiopian army chasing after me which is fine because in a few days they will starve in a few days anyways. Whatever I can just play skyrim.
game-hours: 122.5
review: I love it you can punch things and shout at you Enemies
game-hours: 36.5
review: Easily kills hordes of dragons....gets killed by 3 Whiterun guards... 10/10 would die again
game-hours: 28.6
review: 10/10 would lose 2 years again
game-hours: 115.7
review: Got bored with Skyrim today, yes, it is possible, after 100 hours, I had stopped the dragon uprising, slaughtered a castle of vampires, killed an ageless dragonborn, wiped out a dark brotherhood base, collected the seven black books, helped a dead guy finish his book, collected the dragon priest masks, helped the empire crush the stormcloak army, downloaded some mods, made my own house and got it fully furnished, got Wabbajack, and several other artifacts of the like, which I shortly thereof dropped, had not just a dragon working for me, but also had a zombie dragon, and a skeleton horse, and also many other little quests, and made Skyrim a better place. So how to finish with a bang, even through I easily had over fifty more objectives left? Used console commands to make my guy level 80, to face the Ebony Warrior. He was...Odd. His talk of a lack of quests or villains to slay runs parallel to anyone who put WAY to much time into this game, and he wished me to kill him, battle to the death on a mountain-side. After climbing up, and finding that he killed a frost troll with a shout, I decided I was out of my league, and turned on immortailty mode. Not the mode with the super strength though, I wanted to have fun. Although, I also learned that my console "kill" command would just heal him to full health. My zombie dragon and his summoned monsters helped weaken him, but I would not be able to shout for a while, so, with my ebony blade in one hand, and Dawnbreaker in the other, I hacked at him, and hacked at him, and he choped my head off. Due to the immortailty, my guy was alive, but now instead of a head, he had a bloody stump at the end of his neck. I stated searching the ground for my head, hopefully it hadn't rolled very far, and I found it, laying there, helmet and all, bloody gore at it's base matching my hero's neck. It was unfortunate that I couldn't pick it up, because I would have probably thrown it at the Ebony Warrior. I loaded a pre-decapitation save, and climbed the mountain-side, again, and tryed this again, warry of a headless future like so many running chickens. summoning my sidekick after a while, I resorted to my Dwarven crossbow to deal out the damage from afar, only to learn of the Warrior's paralyzing arrows. It is a curious feeling, laying on the ground in a mid-stride postion, incapable of movement, as your sidekick is taught the meaning of pain, and the Ebony Warrior heals himself, and I also learned that his blade had health sapping capabilities, he healed as he tried to kill me. After my shout meter was ready, I called a storm, lightning, rain, wind, the works. You would think being stuck by lightning five times within three minutes would slow a man down, but not this one. Even with a small cloud of electricity circling him. Did I mention he beat my dragon? and he continued to use his shouting, and I was watching as my warrior went tumbling down the side of the mountain, limp as a sloth dropped from twenty thousand feet. As my hero got to his feet, and climbed the mountain, I might as well mention the stuff this guy was saying to me, asking me to hit him harder, and the like, so after the storm wore off, he still wasn't dead, in fact he healed quite a bit, and the scorch marks, arrows and tiny spears, bolts, weapons from the dragon's allies, and that dead troll, we did quite a bit of damage. If I fought this guy in Whiterun where I met him, we might have killed as many people as the game would let us, and also have amassed a small hill of dead guards. Finally, after about twenty or such dwarven bolts in his body, the Ebony Warrior fell, joy was with him as he cried out about his reward. I then proceeded to steal whatever item of value I wanted from his corpse, I was curious as to why he had two hearts (daedra, and human) and I also liberated him of his flawless dimond and items of the liken. I found it raceist when I removed his helmet to find him most likely a former resident of Hammerfall. And I also took the time to shout at his corpse. I saved the game, and quit to desktop. I; had finished my Skyrim experince. Untill the Skywind mod is out.
game-hours: 15.4
review: 10/10 Will leave Lydia to fight a troll and run away again.
game-hours: 310.1
review: God help me, I want my life back! Actually, no I don't...
game-hours: 661.3
review: Ok, It took me a while to think a bit about this, But it must be said: Skyrim is good. Its one of those games which will set the standard for many to come after it. I beleive that for now, Even after the game has been so outdated by those games that came after it, It has changed some things about this industry.
game-hours: 392.1
review: This game is overhyped in my opinion, but it still offers a lot. Rating: 10/10 - Would install lore-busting mods again
game-hours: 548.0
review: This game was great from start to finish. 9/10 p.s kill that priest in whiterun asap you wont regret it
game-hours: 104.9
review: I only played a little but this game seems pretty good. I wouldn't recommend installing mods because they give you CTD (chronic tabbing disorder).
game-hours: 197.8
review: One of the best games I've ever played to this day, So much to do. No need to do the Main story quest. You can just have your own home and make a living from hunting while finding a few treasures and random events on the way.
game-hours: 737.3
review: the game is asome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 199.2
review: Go buy this game and then scream at everyone you see that your the Dragon born and that you can do whatever you want just because your the god damn Dragon born, the only person who is probably the only competent person able to do anything in the world of Skyrim. Then get shown whose the real boss when the greybreads stun lock you in the corner with shouts and much fisting for attacking them, 10/10 would still buy.
game-hours: 203.6
review: SWING SWORD SHOOT BOW FIRE MAGIC KILL MAN FUN
game-hours: 126.7
review: This game offers hours of play time. I've played hundreds of hours on console and pc combined.....oh also there's mods that give you big boobs. 10/10 would mudcrab again
game-hours: 36.8
review: this is the most amazing game in the world
game-hours: 175.1
review: I missed my mothers funeral for this game 10/10
game-hours: 86.8
review: This game is probaly my favourite RPG fantasy game I've played so far. It d0oes say i have 70 hours on record but for a while i couldn't get inetrent and i gurantee i have 200-250+ hours played over 10 saves. TES V's quests and stories are very well done for the most part. But once you get bored of the vanilla games and quests, look no further than the skyrim nexus. So many good mods to download, such little time. So if you're getting this game or considering then get the DLC's for the full experience and definitley go into modding (I reccomend play the game in vanilla before modding your game to hell) to prolong your game's play span. Enjoy!
game-hours: 78.9
review: I Fus Ro Dah'd a dragon's skeleton off a cliff and ended up hitting a child villager. 10/10 would Fus Ro Dah again.
game-hours: 197.8
review: One of the best games I've ever played to this day, So much to do. No need to do the Main story quest. You can just have your own home and make a living from hunting while finding a few treasures and random events on the way.
game-hours: 298.5
review: Yes. Get it.
game-hours: 2490.7
review: Many old-school Elder Scrolls fans will tell you, no matter how much you say otherwise, that the best game in the Elder Scrolls series was, without a doubt, Morrowind. They will cite long and lengthly arguments using the fact that your choices had real weight and could actually effect your ability to play the game. Skyrim doesn't quite go that far, but what is does do, it does so quite beautifully. First off; there is a civil war brewing in Skyrim as the game opens. The best part of this whole thing is that neither side is completely right and neither side completely wrong; a situation that is very close to how things would work in reality. A quick synopsis (because I do so love Elder Scrolls' Lore): The High Elves and Wood Elves have reformed the Aldmeri Dominion (a group from Nirn's Second Era) after the Oblivion Crisis believing that the Empire had abandoned Summerset Isle during the events taking place in Oblivion. In the two centuries that follow Oblivion, the Empire has begun to crumble due to internal strife and the Empire's inability to police itself. Morrowwind is in disarry due to a slave uprising in Black Marsh (now called Argonia) as well as the erruption of the Red Mounted which destroyed Vvardenfell and a fair portion of Morrowind and Elswyer and Valenwood have both seceded from the Cyrodiilic Empire. The Dominion began planning to make moves against the Empire and, when the Empire refused to their terms, the Dominion attacked them which led to The Great War. In order to end the war, the Empire signed a document called the White Gold Concordat which said that the Empire would give up Talos worship (the Dominion decreed that Talos is a man, not a Divine and his worship is sacrilege) Shortly after which Hammerfell renounced the Empire and severed all ties to Cyrodiil. During the 4 years of war, the Forsworn attacked Markarth and claimed it as their own and had even gon so far as to go through the correct channles to become their own province. One year after the war was over, Ulfric Stormcloak makes the move to reclaim Markarth. In return, Stormcloak asks for free reign to worship Talos; a request the Empire grants him in exchange for cleaning up the mess that is the Forsworn Uprising. However, the Dominion hears of this and quickly moves in.... Ulfric is captured, taken into custody, and stripped of his command. The Empire quickly renegs on the agreement (to placate the Dominion, more than anything), and outrages about half of Skyrim's Nord population; a situation which Ulfric quickly uses as a banner to rally around him those who believe that the Empire is a rapidly crumbling relic has betrayed the Nords with the the signing of White-Gold Concordat. Secondly, as if that is not enough, dragons suddenly begin appearing in Skyrim once again for the first time in over 5,000 years (it's actually 5,450 if you really want to split hairs). Throughout the game, dragons can, will, and usually DO crop up just about anywhere you could possibly imagine a dragon cropping up - just to mess with you sometimes. One of them, as a matter of fact, unwittingly prevents your execution and aids in your escape from the headsman's block as the game opens. ...and this is where YOU come into picture. As you go through talking to NPCs, you start to get a feel of what this whole Stormcloak Rebellion is doing to Skyrim in the eyes of it's citizens. For some, they see it as the death knell for an dying Empire that cannot hold itself together anymore. For others, they condemn the rebellion citing that the only thing keeping the Dominion at bay is the Emipire's unity. Again, nobody's 100% wrong, and npbody's 100% right. While you won't run into epic battlefields during your adventures, you will run into minor scuffles between groups of Stormcloak Rebels and the Imperial Legion which, in my opinion, is much better. I'd rather see the whole rebellion starting out as more of a moral dilemma than to have it relegated to just laying waste to enemy soldiers right out of the gate (if I wanted a game like that I'd play MoH or something similar). Now, there'll be times where you are walking along, minding your own business when suddenly, BAM! A dragon flying overhead sees you and decided come makes your life miserable (and possibly bring it to an abrupt halt in the process). The thing is that nowhere is safe from dragon attacks: you can be attacked as soon as you exit a cave, a ruin, fast travel, or even one of the houses you may own - IN A CITY! This randomness is, to me, the best part of the dragon storyline; which doesn't end when the questline does - they're still flying around out there and will still attack you. I'm not going to sit here and dote on controls or graphics since, with as many mods as are out there for Skyrim right now, you can alter things more to your personal tastes - no matter what they may be. I'm not even going to dote on the game itself since, let's be honest, there is nothing that I can say that probably hasn't already been said at least 10 times over. My bottom line was: is the story engrossing? I found it to be, yes. Are the key players in this story compelling? Again, I found them to be. I'll also confess, I was fanboying hard when I saw that there was going to be DRAGONS in Skyrim. I mean c'mon; it's Elder Scrolls! What more do we need to say?
game-hours: 104.9
review: I only played a little but this game seems pretty good. I wouldn't recommend installing mods because they give you CTD (chronic tabbing disorder).
game-hours: 661.3
review: Ok, It took me a while to think a bit about this, But it must be said: Skyrim is good. Its one of those games which will set the standard for many to come after it. I beleive that for now, Even after the game has been so outdated by those games that came after it, It has changed some things about this industry.
game-hours: 122.9
review: The amount of content is unreal. Without mods its still 10/10. with mods its 11/10
game-hours: 79.3
review: Best elder scrolls i've played so far and i love how it's completely moddable.
game-hours: 73.2
review: 11/11 One-shotting dragons since 2011
game-hours: 70.4
review: This game is RPG legend. Everyone should try it..
game-hours: 817.7
review: AMAZING I love an RPG with a Good Bite. ive Put over 600 Hours in this and I love ESO Its Just Bethesda I guess LONG LIVE THE ELDER SCROLLS P.S FUS ROH DAHHHHH
game-hours: 44.9
review: I can ride Thomas the Tank Engine mod it until it crashes/10
game-hours: 62.0
review: DRAGOOOOONS!
game-hours: 19.5
review: sucks
game-hours: 36.3
review: If you havent played skyrim, you havent played a true RPG 10/10
game-hours: 67.8
review: i wanted to call it game of the year, what i like is that the game difficulty is not set too low and that the enivorment is very detailed, the sounds and the music are nice as well all together a impressive atmosphere. its very small, the download only has a size of 5,8GB. on the other hand, the graphics engine itself is looks very old, when you get closer to anything, all you see is edges, little texture bugs... reminds me on RAGE; same problem. the controls of the game are a disaster. SERIOUSLY. the npc/ai players block your way , the enemy ai gets stuck at random objects. the mainquest is done very fast, (lvl 11 was enough to finish it) i think i took double the time for oblivion, at the end its just, travel - fight dragon - travel - fight dragon again. AND again... uuuh so creative. the secondary quests are fun, also its fun to just ride arround with the horse and let it fall down from high mountains. its not worth the 49, wait for a special offer.
game-hours: 8.6
review: A npc from a quest was helping me. I attacked his daughter just to see if it was possible. His daughter ran away, he and his his wife starting to attack me. Killed both of them now I looted the key of his house and his clothes.
game-hours: 105.7
review: The amount of sex mods in this game makes me question my faith in humanity. Like I'm pretty sure naked  in a video game is the most downloaded mod on the nexus at this point. What the  people. It's not like I didn't download it or anything, cause I didn't. I'm not gay or anything. I would never do that. Really.
game-hours: 105.7
review: The amount of sex mods in this game makes me question my faith in humanity. Like I'm pretty sure naked  in a video game is the most downloaded mod on the nexus at this point. What the  people. It's not like I didn't download it or anything, cause I didn't. I'm not gay or anything. I would never do that. Really.
game-hours: 83.4
review: I copy-and-pasted my pony mods 40 times just to make sure they work and ended up destroying Tamriel whole because of the amount of giant Derpies that kept spawning all over the place along with some humanized Derpy courier giving me pony items every 4 minutes. 10/10 fallout with swords
game-hours: 1.9
review: 1400+ thumbs down reviews, lol
game-hours: 534.4
review: NYAN CAT LOVES THE ELDER SCROLLS SKYRIM IT IS AN EPIC LEGENDERY AWESOME 666/666 10/10 BUY IT OR I AM GONE KILL YOU IN GAME! OK?
game-hours: 17.3
review: This game is by far one of the best games i have Ever Played. Bethesda Game studios have a good habbit of impressing thier fans. Once again, Great job Bethesda Game Studios. 10/10
game-hours: 18.7
review: buy something else :O
game-hours: 119.4
review: Rate unhelpful is ur a faget.
game-hours: 741.4
review: This is the defining RPG.
game-hours: 192.8
review: #1 RPG!
game-hours: 46.5
review: Funny how if it happens in USA the world changes. When the USA are killing innocent children around the world and destroying houses in afghanistan this thing is pumped by the  media. USA is the true terrorists, they kill every day..  USA all the world nows what you are up to. OInly the people who uses their brain wont allow the media to change your thoughts.  overpumped media , USA has such an arrogant selfish media and society.
game-hours: 218.8
review: I tried really hard to write a reccomendation for this game.......but unfortunately I took an arrow to the knee :(
game-hours: 84.2
review: 10/10 killed everyone in riverwood because the game said i could do anything i wanted
game-hours: 112.1
review: i luv dis game all de time its so fun like dragonborn i am
game-hours: 206.3
review: fuked up my game with mods, 0/10 GOTY
game-hours: 818.3
review: A good first/third person game with plenty of mods to choose from a superb story line and you neve get board
game-hours: 271.4
review: I used to have a life like you, but then I took Skyrim to the brain.
game-hours: 129.2
review: I dont usually play the RPG genre games, but I really enjoyed this one. Giant world to explore, many weapons to use and find, many skills to master, many plots to complete. Nice graphics and very exiting combat system and stealth system. Deep customisation. In short, a great game.
game-hours: 6.8
review: EPIC game and a must play game for all gamers!!!
game-hours: 212.2
review: Awesome, of course.
game-hours: 16.5
review: its better than skylanders
game-hours: 38.1
review: Best Game Ever !!!
game-hours: 52.0
review: It's very good.
game-hours: 10.2
review: This game will ruin your life. 10/10
game-hours: 138.1
review: This game is a masterpiece. The second you start your first adventure you will find yourself spending hours upon hours in the world of Skyrim. There is so much to do in the game that you won't find yourself a dull moment. The DLC's for the game are just as good and add a ton more hours of game play onto your save. However, with the game being as big as it is, expect some bugs, graphical errors, and glitches. With that said, during my play through I rarely came across any and there are bug fix mods out there that can be installed to avoid these problems. There are a few voice actors that suck IMO, and take you out of the world a bit. The game is a must buy if you have not played it yet. 9.5/10
game-hours: 9.7
review: This game is just ing great. Get it if you want a game that lasts awhile.
game-hours: 322.8
review: It is adventerous
game-hours: 155.2
review: AMazing game 9/10 trust me its a massive time sync and the amazing modding comunity can make it keep up with the latest games in terms of its graphical fedelitiy theres so much stuff to do in it. Trust you will like this game \(^w^)/
game-hours: 40.0
review: Very It's a good game
game-hours: 267.2
review: Is gud.
game-hours: 287.8
review: Totally the best game ever. can drag a dead goat anywhere and shout people off cliffs. 11/10.
game-hours: 539.5
review: Loved Skyrim even with its flaws. High hopes for Argonia.
game-hours: 325.7
review: its 5 bucks
game-hours: 144.4
review: best game ever
game-hours: 23.8
review: This game is a must have get it or you are an idiot
game-hours: 1078.6
review: The Elder Scrolls - Skyrim     .  ,     ,      ,    .   -    ,     .   10/10.
game-hours: 60.0
review: i stole some girl's clothes and put them on some guards caught me and i refused to give it up so they killed me 10/10 would steal again
game-hours: 89.3
review: I used to be an adventurer like you...
game-hours: 75.3
review: Another great game of the Elder Scrools series. Skyrim is much more than just another RPG, it is a deep, packed and customizable roleplaying experience. Whats better than journeying through icy mountains, returning with a pile of loot, bring that pile to your home, then storing it and doing some redecorations to your House while your companion watches your back. And there is plenty to do, the world is simply huge and populated with all kinds of evil, whose goal it is to murder you in your sleep. The game has it's flaws, bugs and glitches are common, but much less than in Oblivion, and some gameplay elements feel a bit stale after a while, but that's why we have a massive modding community, which fixes and expands the world of Skyrim every day. To conclude, Skyrim is a enourmous game, with content that grasps you and after 20+ hours it is still hard to resist to this grasp, especially with a good modpack to iron out the missing stuff. 9/10
game-hours: 69.6
review: Let's all come to a conclusion that werewolves are overpowered and the vampires suck.
game-hours: 36.9
review: Without doubt one of the best RPGs ever, has lots of bugs thought. Great for killing a lot of time, fun to play.
game-hours: 1615.0
review: Possibly the Best RPG ever made......
game-hours: 119.5
review: 10/10 endless entertainment and possibilities
game-hours: 10.9
review: This game will suck your life
game-hours: 166.7
review: You can make people nekkid
game-hours: 51.4
review: One of the best games ever created. However, it will suck your time into a black hole and destroy it for ever.
game-hours: 168.9
review: If you're going to get Skyrim, Get the DLC too. Its worth it.
game-hours: 122.6
review: Ruined My Social Life, 10/10.
game-hours: 321.3
review: Epic!!!
game-hours: 98.1
review: Skyrim. What a weird game. When you first play it, you see the beautiful world, you fight your first dragon and great soundtrack plays while you accomplish your missions. You clear some good-looking dungeons, learn your first shouts, complete some sidequests and eventually visit the top of the world. You're the Chosen One, and you're on your quest to save Skyrim. But after playing more, you start to see problems. One of them is the fact that enemies level up as you do. To me it's a major flaw that completely destroys any feeling of progression. Then you notice that dungeons keep repeating and they all follow a similar pattern: throw in a bunch of Draugrs, hallways, ending room and a quick exit. Dragon fights become a chore after a fifth fight. No matter what you accomplish, the world and quests never change. Stop the Civil War? Nobody cares after 1 minute. Kill the almighty final boss of the game? Absolutely nothing changes. All of this shows how lifeless the entire world of Skyrim is. I enjoyed the game for roughly 50 hours, then I started to notice all of these problems. There were no mods back then, so all of my enjoyment was lost and after that I played the game just for the sake of finishing it and getting achievements. Overall, vanilla Skyrim is good game for 50 hours. After that it becomes boring and repetitive. Install mods to improve your experience.
game-hours: 119.5
review: 10/10 endless entertainment and possibilities
game-hours: 75.3
review: Another great game of the Elder Scrools series. Skyrim is much more than just another RPG, it is a deep, packed and customizable roleplaying experience. Whats better than journeying through icy mountains, returning with a pile of loot, bring that pile to your home, then storing it and doing some redecorations to your House while your companion watches your back. And there is plenty to do, the world is simply huge and populated with all kinds of evil, whose goal it is to murder you in your sleep. The game has it's flaws, bugs and glitches are common, but much less than in Oblivion, and some gameplay elements feel a bit stale after a while, but that's why we have a massive modding community, which fixes and expands the world of Skyrim every day. To conclude, Skyrim is a enourmous game, with content that grasps you and after 20+ hours it is still hard to resist to this grasp, especially with a good modpack to iron out the missing stuff. 9/10
game-hours: 69.6
review: Let's all come to a conclusion that werewolves are overpowered and the vampires suck.
game-hours: 122.6
review: Ruined My Social Life, 10/10.
game-hours: 146.9
review: you can kill a dragon
game-hours: 168.9
review: If you're going to get Skyrim, Get the DLC too. Its worth it.
game-hours: 84.0
review: Best RPG I have ever played hands down! It's a "Must Get" and well worth the price.
game-hours: 37.9
review: I could only take so much of this game. My interest soon turned to boredom, and I'm sick of watching people play Skyrim. Don't make me watch any more Skyrim! That aside, many people enjoy this game more than I do, and I didn't mind dedicating a sizable chunk of time to this game.
game-hours: 149.4
review: Perfect, just perfect...
game-hours: 226.3
review: Do I recommend this game? Hell yes. If you like to explore and kill , this is the game for you. This game has so many hours of gameplay into it. I have 160, and I'm only level 42. DEFINATELY GET IT NEXT TIME IT GOES ON SALE.
game-hours: 70.9
review: Its like fallout without guns.
game-hours: 100.8
review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim - very nice game ) I like this game because it has an atmosphere like in the stalker ! i advise to buy !
game-hours: 71.9
review: Most of the local town shops sell spell books that bring back the dead for less than a helmet 10/10 most logical game logic ever
game-hours: 10.9
review: This game will suck your life
game-hours: 166.7
review: You can make people nekkid
game-hours: 51.4
review: One of the best games ever created. However, it will suck your time into a black hole and destroy it for ever.
game-hours: 7.7
review: This is one of the best games i've played. It has a very large world and lots of weapons enchantments and spells not to mention shouts. If you get this game then there is one mod that you must get no matter what just search thomas download the trains mod and be prepared to die by flying firebreathing trains from your childhood.
game-hours: 58.1
review: No quik skoping or trik shoting 0/10 wuld not recumend
game-hours: 123.0
review: Great game, but the story line is kinda lame. I'm sorry, but Morrowind an oblivion is still the best.
game-hours: 321.3
review: Epic!!!
game-hours: 98.1
review: Skyrim. What a weird game. When you first play it, you see the beautiful world, you fight your first dragon and great soundtrack plays while you accomplish your missions. You clear some good-looking dungeons, learn your first shouts, complete some sidequests and eventually visit the top of the world. You're the Chosen One, and you're on your quest to save Skyrim. But after playing more, you start to see problems. One of them is the fact that enemies level up as you do. To me it's a major flaw that completely destroys any feeling of progression. Then you notice that dungeons keep repeating and they all follow a similar pattern: throw in a bunch of Draugrs, hallways, ending room and a quick exit. Dragon fights become a chore after a fifth fight. No matter what you accomplish, the world and quests never change. Stop the Civil War? Nobody cares after 1 minute. Kill the almighty final boss of the game? Absolutely nothing changes. All of this shows how lifeless the entire world of Skyrim is. I enjoyed the game for roughly 50 hours, then I started to notice all of these problems. There were no mods back then, so all of my enjoyment was lost and after that I played the game just for the sake of finishing it and getting achievements. Overall, vanilla Skyrim is good game for 50 hours. After that it becomes boring and repetitive. Install mods to improve your experience.
game-hours: 1.8
review: I love it !!!!!!
game-hours: 310.6
review: Amazing
game-hours: 10.6
review: "Like Far Cry 3 with The Elder Scrolls weapon mod installed" -IGN The enemies are Draugr The companions are Draugr The quests and quest items are Draugr The Nine Divines are Draugr You are Draugr If this game was a food-stuff, it would be a sausage because it probably contains 83% Draugr.
game-hours: 122.9
review: I Stole a guy's .
game-hours: 161.2
review: Like Skyrim with dragons, 10/10 -IGN
game-hours: 22.8
review: Fus Ro DaH
game-hours: 1078.6
review: The Elder Scrolls - Skyrim     .  ,     ,      ,    .   -    ,     .   10/10.
game-hours: 36.9
review: Without doubt one of the best RPGs ever, has lots of bugs thought. Great for killing a lot of time, fun to play.
game-hours: 1615.0
review: Possibly the Best RPG ever made......
game-hours: 80.8
review: QUALITY OF CONTENT
game-hours: 145.5
review: better than you
game-hours: 10.0
review: Mi personaje se llama pele. 10 / 10.
game-hours: 1085.4
review: Boring Game.
game-hours: 22.0
review: One of the best RPGs/open world games I ever played on Steam.
game-hours: 144.4
review: best game ever
game-hours: 23.8
review: This game is a must have get it or you are an idiot
game-hours: 54.4
review: if you will buy this game then buy right now!
game-hours: 159.6
review: This Is Love
game-hours: 316.3
review: mods. 9/11
game-hours: 19.9
review: Better than Oblivion, worse than most games. The ambition of Skyrim is admirable but it falls short of high quality in every category. Mediocre in every aspect but just on a grand scale.
game-hours: 48.7
review: If you are on this page, reading the reviews or just passing through you have already bought the game. Dont think so? You will be back. 20/10 Wasted half my life on console and plan on wasting the rest on PC
game-hours: 145.5
review: better than you
game-hours: 10.0
review: Mi personaje se llama pele. 10 / 10.
game-hours: 1085.4
review: Boring Game.
game-hours: 7.7
review: This is one of the best games i've played. It has a very large world and lots of weapons enchantments and spells not to mention shouts. If you get this game then there is one mod that you must get no matter what just search thomas download the trains mod and be prepared to die by flying firebreathing trains from your childhood.
game-hours: 58.1
review: No quik skoping or trik shoting 0/10 wuld not recumend
game-hours: 123.0
review: Great game, but the story line is kinda lame. I'm sorry, but Morrowind an oblivion is still the best.
game-hours: 84.0
review: Best RPG I have ever played hands down! It's a "Must Get" and well worth the price.
game-hours: 92.3
review: A good RPG with a massive world and loads of quests to do. This would probably be the longest single player campaign-style game I played, because of it's extremely huge number of quests and story. However, it is plague-ridden by performance issues. ===== Pros: ===== A lot of quests -which would take probably at least a hundred hours or two to complete them all. Interesting quests -where you have to do something other than just killing mobs or collecting items and coming back. Wide variety of combat styles -which would suit everyone's preference. Interesting skill tree -a lot of abilities to skill No need for grinding to level up. -There're quests everywhere to help you level and keep you busy. Freedom. -You can do whatever quests you deem important first. Convenient travelling system. -Just need to visit a town once and you can teleport to there for subsequent visits. ===== Cons: ===== Crashes a lot -Game closes without any message when I alt-tab, or try to maximise the game back, very often (crash). -Game closes without any message when I try to save game, sometimes (crash). Long loading time / corrupt loading -Extreme loading screen timing sometimes (5 minutes). -Infinite loading screen or crash at one point. None of my save games or new game could load. I spent an hour trying to fix it and finally resorted to reinstalling the game, but the last save game still couldn't load. But luckily I managed to load the 2nd-last save game, but unluckily I had to waste 10 minutes replaying the part which was lost. Not very well optimized. -I'm forced to play in a lower resolution because it lags in my native resolution (1600x900). Not very smart AIs -AI allies don't follow you exactly. They will wait and have a slow bow-and-arrow fight with remaining enemies and swear to kill them no matter what, as if they killed their families. Therefore if you're planning to just run past a bandit camp, you can't do that if you have a housecarl following you, because they will be stucked there until the camp is all cleared. Bad UI design -Restrictive and inconvenient UI. Very hard to navigate around to find the item you need because they're so poorly organised. -Inconvenient weapons/spell switching. I know there is a "favorite menu" where you can choose the items you want to be on it and pressing Q to open it to access it, but there should be a quick-swap function which you can press just a single key to cycle through combinations of weapons or spells you have saved. Weight limit is very annoying -although I know there is a mod for removing it and I'm using that. A good RPG inventory system will only count weapons in the inventory limit and not miscellenous or potion items. Too many books. -If you're going to tell a story in an RPG, put it in a quest, not in a 10-page book, not to mention that there're probably more than 50 books in Skyrim which would take you longer to read than you read your school textbook. ======== Conclusion ======== An very interesting RPG filled to the brim with quests and story, but also laden with performance issues, inconvenient UI and other small annoying designs. ============== Overall rating: 7.5/10 ==============
game-hours: 235.7
review: This game has the potential to ruin your life.
game-hours: 54.7
review: Favorite RPG and one of my favorite games of all-time. Leveling is fun, good story, combat is ok, and mod support!
game-hours: 13.1
review: you can fight
game-hours: 10.8
review: Dan Eats Emmas Hairy  ft JJ filth and the 3-ds (jj filth) Dan got his internet turned off cause hes a  Yelling at his mama then his dad be acting like a snitch hes just an over privileged white kid and my  got small ol mosquito  Dans gon be mad when he hears this But  him like his dad and his mamas fits we get it you love her but a move on i know she lookin like a fine  hoe (chorus) Dan eats emmas hairy . Her  sting and taste like glass. And now jj filth and the 3-ds takin him to class. He likes taking a piss on a fairys . Oh wait thats not possible, got a redhead ...KIM POSSIBLE. But i aint no naked mole rat. and now we bringin da knowledge wit this rap. cause all dan do is sit next to his pc look at emma pics and fap. (the Sexy 1) WEEZY F BABY AND THE F iS FOR PHENOMENAL AND FETUS AND FECES DAN iS SO WHiTE iTS LIKE HES A WHOLE NOTHER SPECIES i CAN SWANG THE TANGERiNE BEAMER DRiViNG BACKWARDS DOWN RiTA EATiN COOL RANCH DORiTOS. LiKE RAY RICE JUST BEAT HER. LIKE BASED GOD JUST EAT HER(emma).iM THE  , AND YOU KNOW iT TOO. AND i SAY  YUNG LEAN CAUSE HE EATS POO. HES WORSE THAN DAN, DRiViN iN HiS CANDY MAN VAN. (Big daddy D) Dan says he swears he aint actin like rick grimes But his hair looks as slick backed as these rhymes  say he aint depressed ing hell he keeps his feelings suppressed a needs to upgrade his video card To suck metal gear solids fat lard He be stuck in a romance thats three years through Motha er theres no way you gonna get her poon dan go give up and join the kkk  all the asians with your fat AK. Motha a I cheat on girls and you cant get over one All you gonna do is cry over this asian juan. (JJ FILTH AND 3-DS)
game-hours: 190.6
review: Epic game
game-hours: 119.6
review: This is the Elder Scrolls I have been waiting for. Without a doubt, one of the greatest RPGs in history. 10/10
game-hours: 168.7
review: great game graphics 9/10 gameplay 10/10 weapons and armor 10000000/10 swag OVER 999999999999999999! and then mod so much and crash m8
game-hours: 102.6
review: Awesome game :P really enjoyed
game-hours: 75.0
review: Buy this game...or else..................Fus Ro Dah
game-hours: 52.4
review: Kills giant rat, takes tail.....eats it. 11/10
game-hours: 59.0
review: This game is amazing but you must already know that. I modded my game with HD graphics, lighting, water, landscape overhauls, new quests, locations, holiday events, weather, people, and more. I also added an ENB for photo realistic graphics which take full advantage of my graphics card. Very fun game, so much to do, no way to get bored. 10/10 and not a 0.1% lower.
game-hours: 6.5
review: It's aight
game-hours: 286.3
review: Skyrim is beautiful. Incredible. And vast.
game-hours: 116.2
review: i just want to play video games
game-hours: 125.6
review: AMAZING GAME 2ND FAVOURITE GAME OF ALL TIME (cant beat fallout!) this is amazing anyone who posts a bad review has no soul/imagination or just is really ing dumb amazing 101/100 must have if u have a good pc also modding is great!
game-hours: 58.9
review: This game is amazing! It features a large open world to explore, and many quests to complete. A large variety of armor and weapons is availabe as well. I would recommend this game to anyone wishing to play an exciting RPG.
game-hours: 208.6
review: Never once took an arrow to the knee. 99/10
game-hours: 107.4
review: i love it
game-hours: 237.4
review: Fallout, but better.
game-hours: 201.0
review: Ah, Skyrim, an over rated hack of a game! A complete atrocity to gaming; it's a real statement for the state of our collective intelligence that it was voted Game of the Year in 2011! Still play it, though. Let's list some of the many, many embarrassing flaws that will either have you rolling in laughter at how terribad the game is, or just end up frustrating you: -While I believe this has been patched now, many, MANY NPCs used to spawn with NO TEXTURES. They would be plain white - great for immersion if you believe Skyrim is set in a Russian winter! -This bug is still going strong in the game, and it'll break any sense of reality you have every single damn time. NPCs have a tendency to greet you after they kill you - the most ridiculous time this has happened is when a Forsworn killed me then asked 'who did this?'. -Constant crashes and freezes! This one speaks for itself. -The Unofficial Skyrim Patch contains THOUSANDS of minor fixes. Bethesda apparently missed every single little detail in it! Wow, quality control or what? -The story is bloody awful! 'Big dragon is threat, go kill big dragon'. Points for originality, guys. Now don't tell me it's unique because the 'dragons are coming' back - I can think of plenty of other stories that do the same thing, except better (cough A Song of Ice and Fire cough). -A lifeless world! The dungeons you visit consist of the most generic copy & paste content imaginable. When was the last time you cleared a Dwemer dungeon without also encountering some Falmer? Let's not also overlook the fact that there isn't a single interesting NPC out there, with the exception of maybe a few of the Daedric Princes and M'aiq the Liar... even he's watered down in this, though. -No choice! After having adapted to Fallout New Vegas's excellent writing (in places) and the ability to choose to do whatever I wanted, I couldn't wait to see what choices would be presented to me in Skyrim. Er... about the extent of it was 'Stormcloak or Imperial', both utterly ambiguous factions which I couldn't relate to in the slightest. In fact, I wanted to wipe them both out. -While there's a lot more to cover, I'll end on a nitpick. You're the 'Dovahkiin' - 'Dragonborn'. Except, your not. Your character has nothing to do with dragons except the fact he absorbs dragons souls like the Grim Reaper or something. What the  makes him a Dragon'born'? I rate Skyrim a 0/10. However, in comparison to a lot of titles out there, yeah, I can see why it won Game of the Year 2011. Gaming is pretty ed. You'll enjoy it for the first 10-20 hours (which is undeniably pretty good), but after that you'll fall asleep. Don't worry - mods to the rescue! I've never seen such an extensively modded game. Modders, go enhance a game that's decent to begin with, for crying out loud!
game-hours: 201.0
review: Ah, Skyrim, an over rated hack of a game! A complete atrocity to gaming; it's a real statement for the state of our collective intelligence that it was voted Game of the Year in 2011! Still play it, though. Let's list some of the many, many embarrassing flaws that will either have you rolling in laughter at how terribad the game is, or just end up frustrating you: -While I believe this has been patched now, many, MANY NPCs used to spawn with NO TEXTURES. They would be plain white - great for immersion if you believe Skyrim is set in a Russian winter! -This bug is still going strong in the game, and it'll break any sense of reality you have every single damn time. NPCs have a tendency to greet you after they kill you - the most ridiculous time this has happened is when a Forsworn killed me then asked 'who did this?'. -Constant crashes and freezes! This one speaks for itself. -The Unofficial Skyrim Patch contains THOUSANDS of minor fixes. Bethesda apparently missed every single little detail in it! Wow, quality control or what? -The story is bloody awful! 'Big dragon is threat, go kill big dragon'. Points for originality, guys. Now don't tell me it's unique because the 'dragons are coming' back - I can think of plenty of other stories that do the same thing, except better (cough A Song of Ice and Fire cough). -A lifeless world! The dungeons you visit consist of the most generic copy & paste content imaginable. When was the last time you cleared a Dwemer dungeon without also encountering some Falmer? Let's not also overlook the fact that there isn't a single interesting NPC out there, with the exception of maybe a few of the Daedric Princes and M'aiq the Liar... even he's watered down in this, though. -No choice! After having adapted to Fallout New Vegas's excellent writing (in places) and the ability to choose to do whatever I wanted, I couldn't wait to see what choices would be presented to me in Skyrim. Er... about the extent of it was 'Stormcloak or Imperial', both utterly ambiguous factions which I couldn't relate to in the slightest. In fact, I wanted to wipe them both out. -While there's a lot more to cover, I'll end on a nitpick. You're the 'Dovahkiin' - 'Dragonborn'. Except, your not. Your character has nothing to do with dragons except the fact he absorbs dragons souls like the Grim Reaper or something. What the  makes him a Dragon'born'? I rate Skyrim a 0/10. However, in comparison to a lot of titles out there, yeah, I can see why it won Game of the Year 2011. Gaming is pretty ed. You'll enjoy it for the first 10-20 hours (which is undeniably pretty good), but after that you'll fall asleep. Don't worry - mods to the rescue! I've never seen such an extensively modded game. Modders, go enhance a game that's decent to begin with, for crying out loud!
game-hours: 880.6
review: buy it ...NOW..its AWESOME** Yeah..this review is the stuff of Legends isnt it... and then after buying it go to youtube to learn how to mod it ( search GOPHER TUTORIAL ) because in my opinion the Vanilla experience is HORRIBLE (which is why i put asterisks in the awesome) the perk trees aren't well thought, some of the ar Over Powered and some are pointless and its buggy as hell...BUUUUUUUT after modding it (heavily or not) and using the unofficial patches you have one of the best games ever made nomatter your rpg play-style as i said BUY IT...money well spend
game-hours: 541.3
review: This game is a very amazing sandbox/quest adventure game with great graphics, gameplay, quests, npcs, and arrows to the knee. This is one of the amazing game series The Elder Scrolls! as you can see my gametime is huge and im not even nearly bored. the game is 10/10 then with all 3 DLC for the game, its byfar overwhelmingly good. then if you get into modding then, well the amazingness and awesomeness will EXPLODE!!!!!!!!!!!!!! FUS ROH DAH!
game-hours: 104.7
review: Skyrim is definitely one of the best single player game ever made. It has many quests and plots which makes it very addictive for playing. It's map is huge, and has lots of interactive places and events, where some of them i didnt find in my first or even second time playing this game. I would recommend this game to anyone who is looking for offline single player expirience, especially if that person is fan of fantasy gaming.
game-hours: 304.6
review: It's real good.
game-hours: 257.8
review: Just buy it, throw your money at them and shutup.
game-hours: 318.9
review: AMAZING! ing love this. I love smacking es asses with my ing DragonBone swords and making new bootypants for my fellow slavemaids (housecarls). For real tho, this game is amazing as HELL. Love the  out of it, plus, ENDLESS AWESOME ING MODSASDSDSAIJDISAK.
game-hours: 205.4
review: I loved oblivion and morrowind, Skyrim seems like a new generation of elder scrolls.
game-hours: 8.0
review: rip off of fallout
game-hours: 0.2
review: Skyram is first mmo
game-hours: 380.9
review: It's pretty okay. ;)
game-hours: 78.5
review: One of the best RPGs ever. Great story, great quests, great magic and melee combat ect. If you haven't played this game yet then stop reading this and go buy it. You will not regret it. Now please excuse me while i go Fus Ro Dah my wife off the highest mountain.
game-hours: 185.6
review: This is the best action/rpg game out there! Simply magnificent!
game-hours: 43.2
review: Like Skyrim with guns. 10/10 - IGN
game-hours: 16.8
review: This game is life... Nuff said
game-hours: 152.6
review: most addicting game EVER!!! i normally don't like rpgs like this but it's really good!
game-hours: 180.2
review: Bethesda's finest hour and one of the greatest RPGs of all time.
game-hours: 23.7
review: A cave, I wonder what's inside - Lydia after we just explored that cave for 1 hour 10/10
game-hours: 263.8
review: Unbellievable Geoff! What a class game #Benrecommends. This is the best RPG ever in my opinion. I have put hundreds of hours into this game and I am still finding loads of new things to do. It has a great plot, solid combat and an amazingly big, rich and beautiful world to explore filled with interesting characters and lore. This game is easily a 10/10 but there are mods! This can further expand your game by either adding new worlds to explore or just making it visualy better. With mods (I recommend Skyrim Nexus) this game could be rated 11 maybe even 12/10. Best game ever!
game-hours: 27.8
review: made it modded to have tiddies
game-hours: 115.5
review: Fun game with or without mods from steam workshop or from nexusmods (BEST 1) This game is a must get!
game-hours: 152.2
review: Theres a glitch on the PC,where Skyrim autoquits Sometimes when you play itam dealing with the bug,goin to contact Steam officals about it if this doesnt work.
game-hours: 8.4
review: Went to an orphanage. Took my sword out. Killed all the children there. 10/10 - IGN Would kill children again.
game-hours: 38.7
review: It's a good game but it does have really bad combat but it has alot of mod support but for me it got quite old fast it's a good game but not the best by any means
game-hours: 38.8
review: Fantastic game with endless possibilities, highly recommended.
game-hours: 366.1
review: I am in love with this game, the fun never ends. the 3 main types of characters you can be have so much depth. Plus you can combine 2 of the types or even 3. It is deffinatly a fun game. Plus with all the mods you can get it makes it even more fun. TAKE THAT CONSOLE PLEBS
game-hours: 77.5
review: Skyrim....Hm...It is not as good as I hoped it is. But dont get blinded about that, it is still a really great game. The Game itself is really entertaining. You can spend hours and hours just in farming for armor or stuff like that. This game has awesome quests. A great atmosphere. A huge world and a lot of stuff to do. . The world is not colorful so often. More like a boring grey, but you have to remember : THIS GAME IS FULL MODABLE. And this is the amazing stuff what Skyrim makes so great. That you can mod as much as you want. You can "design" your own Skyrim. From the little Flowers to the huge Mountains and Dragons. The Fighting System is really cool, so is the Stealth System. It is one of my favourite Elder Scrolls Game besides Morrowind. As an Elder Scrolls fan you should not even think about buying this game. Just do it. No regrets, no doubt about it. 9,5/10
game-hours: 8.8
review: i love this game its awesome you can explore add mods and just fun buy ledgendary and you will get all the dlcs cheaper
game-hours: 308.2
review: Awesome game! an absolute must-have, with hours and hours of gameplay!
game-hours: 138.9
review: ING LOVE IT
game-hours: 103.3
review: Best game ever played, extremely addictive, lots of content. DLC is well worth it. 10/10
game-hours: 267.5
review: Simply one of the greatest RPG's I have ever played.
game-hours: 77.3
review: Its like Borderlands with swords! 10 out of 10
game-hours: 142.9
review: Fun
game-hours: 952.3
review: This is one game i can't stop playing it's amazing
game-hours: 66.3
review: 2011 .
game-hours: 10.2
review: yeah nah
game-hours: 465.6
review: Have spent almost 500 hours in this game and am still finding new things, the adventure will never die
game-hours: 29.9
review: Good game, but something is missing... Maybe I'm just so big fan of these medieval/fantasy-themed RPGs anymore... Anyway, messing with mods is fun! 6/10 9/10 with good mods
game-hours: 204.9
review: this is phonominal great i know a code here `playeradditem 0000000f 1000 try it!!!
game-hours: 38.2
review: To put it short this is my review: This game is amazing and immersive. Some people say it is a grind to do all the side quests but I beg to differ. Each side quest offers up new opportunities and new experiences. And I mean some quests are really serious and then there are just plain out weird/hilarious ones. But overall this game gets a good 9/10
game-hours: 25.8
review: Skyrim is so much better on PC because of all the random mods you can add to make the game more funny and more interactive.
game-hours: 102.3
review: Pretty great game. A lot of mods to help you with immersion and customizing the UI. Follows the previous games in it's dialogue and gameplay. Lots of dungeons to explore which is pretty awesome. Haven't tried the DLC, but theres plenty of content.
game-hours: 92.4
review: One of the BEST Open world game
game-hours: 39.7
review: AMAZING.
game-hours: 383.9
review: Good Game coming out :D
game-hours: 142.1
review: wow 10/10 would skyrim again
game-hours: 802.5
review: One of the best from TES series.
game-hours: 20.7
review: best game ever
game-hours: 57.2
review: This is the best game I have ever played, I think. lol Just buy the game. NOW!
game-hours: 57.2
review: This is the best game I have ever played, I think. lol Just buy the game. NOW!
game-hours: 61.1
review: pest
game-hours: 143.9
review: FUS RO AWESOME
game-hours: 145.2
review: Soooo preeeetty
game-hours: 177.6
review: JUST FABULOUS
game-hours: 115.3
review: This game is good.
game-hours: 49.7
review: Hehe, It's good. :)
game-hours: 113.0
review: elder scrolls online copy
game-hours: 448.3
review: Great RPG. Keep up the good work.
game-hours: 75.2
review: Magnificent open world goodness for all who buy this game- no, piece of art. I recoment this to everyone... unless your a pacifist... then just look away.
game-hours: 58.5
review: Killed my innocent companion, sold their clothes and inherited 300 gold 10/10: Would kill in cold blood again
game-hours: 145.4
review: IT WAS AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
game-hours: 66.6
review: Super fun! You guys have to get it, the only thing that bothers me is that I should have waited to buy it when it went on sale! Still a fun game andtotally worth the $20, plus you can mod it which adds so much more once you've completed the game!
game-hours: 363.3
review: At 20$, it is an absolute ing steal. Bethesda are screwing themselves over. WOuld pay the full price at release. One more thing. Mods.
game-hours: 15.0
review: this game is a very good game I enjoy playing it just need to get a whole verioty of items and acheivemnts now then i will be sweet i think you you consider getting this game
game-hours: 51.0
review: Swag
game-hours: 879.5
review: It's not as good as the previous Elder Scrolls games, the story is all about dragons, and the joke of the arrow in the knee is annoying as hell. Most of the problems can be fixed or enhanced but I will rate it 6/10.
game-hours: 243.9
review: Best Game i have to be honest. I can spend days and this game will never end for me. Still looking forward to SKYWIND. Just writing this because i am bored and waiting something to finish downloading.
game-hours: 163.6
review: This is one of the best games ever made. If you love open world games, RPG games, or killing dragons, then buy this game. There's not much more to say, it's just awesome.
game-hours: 11.7
review: "Skyrim'' I am restarting this reivew because I did not inclued every thing. The game is great being my first steam and computer game I had to go to the public library to install it because I did not have internet at the time. Lets start out with the story you are dragonborn/dovakin you don't know it at first that is until you kill a dragon. The graphics are so awsome and the soundtrack is great the combat is wonderful and there is a ton of quest for you to do theres lots of armors and the game can be modded on the steam workshop and there are tons of enemies to kill and animals. Also you can join the stormcloacks or impearial legion and it's like being in the army you go in battle and do quest for the side you joined. My scor is 9/10 because I wish there was more to the game like in the legion or stormcloacks you cant get in a massive battle like there is raiding battles but thats it but the game is awsome I recomend this game to everyone
game-hours: 218.5
review: Great game. I have spent about 182 hours of my time on this game. The Dawnguard DLC is one of the best.
game-hours: 2456.0
review: I have like 25 to 30 games or something and all I play is skyrim, 1452 hours going 2000 then 10000 gotta keep playing, It's not boring but it's not really super fun it's like living a life when you consider suicide often. It's ing horrible, Halp me plz.
game-hours: 222.7
review: Great game even if it is 3 yo, you will never regret spending your money in this game
game-hours: 66.1
review: This game, eventhough it has a few glitches, is an almost perfect game, I say "almost" because the length of the main story isnt that long, but the amount of side quests and all the things you can become involved in is pretty numerous. The graphics are outstanding, the music is amazin which adds to the "epicness" of the game. You will never play a game made before this that has a more interactive combat system. Because of the creation kit, players can create homes, towns, dungeons, quests, weapons, armor, accesories, alter crafting, even change the overall look of the game world itself. Worth every penny.
game-hours: 67.8
review: The fifth installment of the elder scroll series is honestly one of the best games I played. First off, if you are fan of - RPG's Medievel Action Magic/Spells Awesome mods/mods of almost anything Get this game. If I were to give a brief description of the game itself, I would say this. Skyrim was the first elder scrolls game I played, and before then, I had no idea what the elder scrolls was and I didn't care. However, when I saw the gameplay of this game, and trailers of it, I was surprised of why didn't I try oblivion or the older games, as skyrim looked so beautiful and awesome. Skyrim is a Medievel RPG taken to whole level that makes the game feel alive, colourful and wonderful. Its one of those games where you could just get lost within the world of quests and gameplay and scenery. It has a unique touch and flavour that makes this game enjoyable still to this day and will still be for a long time. I would go further into detail of the game, but once I go further into detail, this review will be so long, plus Skyrim is a game that can't be described entirley with words of its awesomness, you just need to play it to understand how great of a game it is. 9.5/10
game-hours: 198.8
review: What can I say about Skyrim that hasn't already been said? If you own a PC and like video games you need to play Skyrim, it's just that simple. Skyrim (and the previous elder scrolls games) are a large part of video gaming history. They created and perfected multiple genres of gaming that we see in many triple-A titles today. To be honest, if you consider yourself an intelligent gamer, you just don't know games unless you have played one of the Elder Scrolls titles. Skyrim, or its predecessor Oblivion, would be on anyone's list of all-time best games. The storyline is complex and interesting; the world is huge and immersive; the combat is challenging, varied, and fun; and the amount of hours of fun that you can get out of this game is more than worth the full-price. If all of that wasn't enough, on the PC you can dowload literally hundreds of free mods that can completely change how it plays. You want to be a dragon-man? You can! You want to create your own spells? You can! Do yourself a favor and buy this game!
game-hours: 149.0
review: wow very graphic so dragonborn wow such awesome must buy much dragons doge allowed
game-hours: 36.7
review: Yeah tis gud
game-hours: 49.8
review: STOP SHOUTING! I can hear you. You think you are a big bad man, but you really should relax. There is no need to run around shouting.
game-hours: 163.2
review: Great game with endless possibilities
